 Previously on Fringe ... You are looking through a window into another world . An alternate universe , just like ours , and in each of them there is a version of us . I can 't let Peter die again . Walter , Peter is dead . I 'm talking about the other Peter . The one on the other side . I crossed into another universe and took a son that wasn 't mine . 23 YEARS LATER Agent Dunham , I work for the FBI in Fringe division dealing with weird and mysterious events . Consultants Peter Bishop and Doctor Walter Bishop . Hello Doctor Bishop . Newton . So what do we know about him ? William bell told me That Newton would try to open a doorway From our universe to the other side . I 'm not from here , am I ? Son ... I am not your son . I can take you back where you belong . Peter is in danger . Help us cross over . Walter , over here he 's the secretary of defense . The fringe team answers to him . Invaders from another universe . They 're our doubles , but they can 't be trusted . You gotta trust me . I 'm you . What is it ? Something to heal The problems of this world . His bringing me back was never about fixing this universe . It was about destroying yours . They 're heading back to the opera house . Make the switch . Welcome back . I know you can hear me ! Please let me out of here ! INFILTRATION ACHIEVED You know , we 'd get through this foundation a lot quicker With that pickax . Where 's your dumb cousin ? He ain 't dumb . And don 't worry about him . Just keep working . All right . What do you think 's in it ? Ain 't our job to think . It 's our job to dig . We 're getting paid a lot of money for this . It 's got to be something valuable . That 's exactly the kind of thinking that found us trouble in Texas . Yeah ? We made a lot of money back in Texas . Maybe just a peek . What the ... 3x02 - The Box - I have everything you need For your new identity right here . Agent Olivia Dunham , Joined the fringe division September 9th , 2008 . And you also got files on both bishops , Broyles , bell , and Farnsworth . Where did you get this ? I 've been over here since you were in High School , And I 've cultivated a lot of resources . Anything you need , just ask . A history of pop culture . That 's your homework . It 'll help familiarize you with this world . If you can move your hair to the side . Yeah . Now don 't worry . You won 't feel a thing . . Who 's " bone-o " ? Oh , it 's Bono , actually . He 's a musician . Oh , yeah . Is he any good ? One of the few I like on this side . Well , he 's easy on the eyes . Careful . Their side may be alluring , But don 't be taken in by it . They started the war . Remember ? You don 't have to remind me whose side I 'm on . Did you do what I told you to do ? I hired a team and sent it to the site , yes . Your usual men ? No . I don 't want to burn my resources . Does that meet with your approval ? I don 't care how long you 've been here . This is my operation . You work for me . Indeed . " Dr. Bell 's company was known " for tackling the most advanced technological problems . " he will long be remembered As one of our country 's leading visionaries . " It 's a bit generic , don 't you think ? He was my best friend . Wherever he is , He 'll be very disappointed . We 're low on butter . Butter ? Right . Coming up . And you think this is what , Some sort of doomsday machine ? Well , walternate said that it was a very powerful piece Of ancient tech . He spent the last few years Looking for the machine 's component pieces . But he 's finished assembling it ? No . He was missing several of them . Including one very important one . Me . You think this is accurate ? That you somehow can power this device ? The device seem to need a specific human interface , D this piece responded directly to me . If that 's true , if walternate needs you To operate this weapon ... We know that he has agents on this side . If he wanted me back , I think they would have made a play already . There has to be some other plan . Peter , these cacao beans , They 're inedible . Gene will never be able to digest them . She 's a cow , Walter . She could probably digest the frying pan . What is he doing ? Oh , you don 't want to know . I 'm trying to make chocolate milk . Or rather , I 'm trying to make the cow make chocolate milk . Dr. Bishop , do you have any idea why this machine Would or could be configured for Peter , Why it would respond to him ? I know that this machine is dangerous . Which is why we need to understand it . If it is indeed a threat ... Then to ignore it would be irresponsible . I 've heard that argument before . That 's what you people told Oppenheimer When you discovered that the Nazis Were working on a bomb . And how do you think he slept After his little invention Had killed hundreds of thousands In a fraction of a second ? I need to go back to the market . Aspirin , we need to go to the market . Is he okay ? Well , he 's Walter . Define " okay . " Hey . Do you need anything at the market ? No , thank you . Peter , I know you and Walter have been through a lot , But if this is the threat we think it is , We need Walter focused . What if he 's right ? What if we shouldn 't be working on this thing ? You ready ? Yeah . Okay . Let 's go . We 've been back for two days , And Walter 's already driving you to drink ? Do you blame me ? Sometimes I feel like I 'm stuck In one of those bad buddy cop movies . Like I 'm handcuffed to a ... To a mad scientist who kidnapped you From another universe ? Yeah . Exactly . You know , I understand Walter 's concern about the weapon , But I think that broyles is right . We need to figure out what it does , And can 't do that without Walter . I love this song . Really ? Don 't you ? No , it 's a great song . I just ... As long as I 've known you , I 've never heard you express an interest in music . I 've been noticing a lot of things Since we 've been back . I guess being over there and meeting another Olivia Dunham Has made me think about the way I look at the world , The choices I 've made . Come on . Are you serious ? Yeah , come on . What , are you one of those guys who doesn 't like to dance ? No . I guess there 's nothing Like seeing another version of yourself To give you a little perspective . I got to tell you , it was strange ... Being with the other you . It was like looking into one of those carnival mirrors . What , you didn 't like the red hair ? Well , I 've always preferred blondes . But you did make a very sexy redhead . Good . The more I think about being over there , The less real it seems . But you , you still feel real . Dunham . The neighbor found ' em a few hours ago . M.E. Puts the time of death around 10 : 00 last night . What are you thinking ? Nothing . Just taking it in . Dr. Bishop , any thoughts ? Reminds me of Monet 's water lilies . The painting ? It 's a pastel . Look at the blood . It 's a shade lighter than ordinary . It 's mixed with something else . Possibly spinal fluid . So where are the men who tied them up ? Neither of them had I.D. Techs are taking prints . Seem to be in some type of vegetative trance Before they expired . So you 've seen something like this before ? No . Nostradamus is said to have died standing up , But I highly doubt that someone who predicted his own death Wouldn 't have laid down . But you 're saying whatever did this Didn 't kill them right away . It 's a hypothesis , But we are yet to find our rosebud , The elusive clue that will unlock the mystery . So has anyone located what they were after ? We don 't even know what they were after . Beware of buried treasure , huh ? We 're thinking there was a third thief Who took whatever they dug up . Unless , of course , This buried treasure had legs of its own . Wouldn 't that be delightful ? Any leads on the third man ? No , not yet . I was just in Milton . We got a problem . Your little plan wasn 't so foolproof . The device was supposed to be there , right ? Well , it wasn 't . One of your men must have taken it . Two of your men died like you planned , But the other one survived and took the device . I only hired two men . That 's them , yeah . If there were three , all three should be dead . No one can withstand that thing . Well , someone did , and we need to find him . That sound creeps me out . Really ? I always found it oddly comforting . Oh , that 's very good , dear . Have you ever worked behind a deli counter ? Walter , your tie . I , uh ... I think you have a little bit of brain on it . Here , let me , uh ... It 's raspberry jam . Walter , it 's time to go . Can you give us just a minute ? Maybe I 'm overdressed . Maybe I should change anyway . Walter , you look fine . No , I don 't think I can do this . Walter , it 's gonna be okay . You look lovely . This place makes me feel so insignificant . I read that they invented a wheelchair That can be steered by brainwaves alone . Some sort of micro-electro technology . Walter , Peter , We 're set up in my office . Nina , I know that this has been a great loss to you as well . " my great friend Isaac once said , " life is joy , death is peace . " it 's transition that 's difficult . " I was not a man of many friends , " but if I 'd had hundreds , " I would still cherish the two of you most . " Nina , I was your right hand , " and you were mine . " for the many hours we spent exploring the possible , " a small thank you . " and for the precious few we had alone in Tuscany , " a memento of me . " Walter , " we gather knowledge faster than we gather wisdom . " by now I trust you have ample reserves of both . I hope you 've forgiven me . " Thus concludes the last will and testament of William bell . Thank you all for coming . So you gonna tell me ? What ? About the letter . No . I don 't think so . Hello ? Dunham 's not picking up . You two at Blake 's apartment yet ? No , I 'm not with Dunham . Who 's Blak He 's one of the two men we found in the basement . We got a fingerprint hit on him this morning . She didn 't call you ? No , she didn 't . Hey . Hey . Broyles called you . Yeah . Sorry . I know you don 't want to babysit , But I knew Walter had a big day today , And if I called , you 'd come . Blake 's got a friend living here . Looks that way . Although there 's nothing to tell us who he is . I was just gonna go look for the landlord , See what he knows . Maybe you could do another once-over , In case I missed something ? It 's Dunham . You got a pen ? I do now . 1200 Remington place , Cambridge . Bishop and I will be gone in 30 minutes . I need you there then . We got to bring this guy in . Walter ? How s the reading of the will ? You know , there 's this South American centipede That 's been known to crawl through the nasal passages And wreak this kind of havoc . Do you think that a bug could have killed all five victims And disrupted the electronics in the house ? Probably not . Hey . Hey . Walter . Is everything okay ? No . This is from bell ? It 's a key to a safety deposit box . It 's an old argument . Belly and I spent days Discussing the wisdom of crossing the line . " only those that risk going too far Can possibly know how far they can go . " That 's what belly used to say . So you were the cautious one ? He was over there . He saw what I did , all that I destroyed . How can he tell me to cross the line ? Walter , you saved Peter 's life . I know that there were consequences , But Peter has got to understand Why you made the choices you made . You 've talked to him , haven 't you ? I 've been waiting for the right moment . Walter , you said you were gonna do that days ago . He has got to hear your side of the story . Endolymph fluid . There 's severe damage to the inner ear . Pass me a swab , please . I think I know what happened here . Walter , I can 't find the requiem . Perhaps don Giovanni . So you think that music killed these people ? Not music per Se . Could you help me with this please , my dear ? What about this ? Would that work ? Figaro . Perfect . We 've known for some time That different sounds affect the brain in different ways . ♪ look at my brain waves on the monitor ♪ They 're smoothing out . Harmonic music reduces neural activity . Which is why we think more clearly When we listen to it . As opposed to this . Dissonance . Look ... look at my neurons . Look at my neurons . We get it , Walter . Can I turn this off now ? Oh , sorry . Sorry . Sorry . You see , the point is this , That with this type of auditory phenomenon , Taken to its ultrasonic extreme , can be fatal , And the way it affects the brain , It could well have induced some type Of vegetative trance before death . Which would also explain the trauma to the inner ear . So we 're looking for some kind of deadly music box ? No , it 's ultrasonic , so you wouldn 't be able to hear it . The frequency 's too high . Silent but deadly . Speaking of which , Might like to take a step away . Delightful , Walter . Any ideas why it didn 't affect the third man ? Maybe headphones of some sort ? They would need to be very sophisticated . I 'm gonna call broyles . Have him monitor the city For any abnormal ultrasonic activity . Walter . Go talk to him . All the victims were patients Of Dr. Laxmeesh Nayak . He ran an outpatient clinic in Seattle . Nayak was ostensibly treating these patients As part of a clinical trial for sleep disorders . You got a photographic memory . How am I gonna do that ? You don 't move unless I tell you to . Got it ? Okay . Step inside . Put the box down . On the bench . Slowly . Please . Don 't hurt me , Mrs. Dunham . You 're deaf . That 's why you didn 't die . I 'll call Olivia . Thanks . Peter , may I have a moment ? Sure . What 's up ? I , uh ... Today when I said goodbye to belly , It was hard . Very hard . Sure , it was . Um , I 'm sorry if I wasn 't ... No , not that . What I 'm trying to say is that it was nothing , Nothing compared to saying good-bye to my son . Walter , I got to call Olivia . Peter , you need to hear this . When Peter ... My Peter ... Died ... I lost all hope . The only thing that kept me alive was Elizabeth , And my window into your world . I always told belly that we couldn 't cross over , That it was far too dangerous . When I saw that you were dying too , And that I was the only one who could save you ... You kidnapped me , Walter . You took me from my family . From my world . I didn 't plan to . That was not my intention . I love you , Peter . And if I had to make the choice all over again , I 'm not sure that I 'd be strong enough To act differently , But now I understand that it was wrong , That I should never have crossed the line , That it was terribly wrong . I can 't talk about this yet , Walter . He saw my badge outside of Blake 's apartment . He thought he was bringing the box Back to the authorities . I 'll come back after I 'm done to help you with him . It 's too bad he 's not blind . If you need me to take care of him ... No , you can just do your job . Make sure you don 't screw it up this time . I 'm sorry . Peter . Hey . Did I come at a bad time ? Hey , you want me to come back later ? No , not at all . I , uh , I just got out of the shower , So can you just give me a minute ? I 'm sorry . I should have called before I came over . Hey . Hey . Mind if I come in ? Sure . So ... Walter apologized to me . I know it wouldn 't take much . A few words , a hug , A couple hands of uno . Anything would make the man feel better at this point , but ... I just can 't bring myself to do it . Sometimes I can 't even look the guy in the eye . Well , you two have been through a lot . You can 't expect just to go back To the way it was before overnight . We all know this has been hard on you , Peter . No , you have no idea . I saw what Walter did . I saw the quarantine zones . I saw all the damage that he caused . He destroyed their world . My world . Well , he couldn 't have known how bad it was gonna be . Yeah . I mean , it 's not like they gave him a picture of himself With fireballs coming out of his eyes While he was strapped into a doomsday machine . You didn 't come here to talk about Walter , did you ? I can 't close my eyes without seeing that picture . And whatever is in those blueprints Is my connection to that machine . What if they 're right ? What if that machine Does exactly what broyles and Walter think it does ? Is that my destiny , my fate ? Am I supposed to destroy worlds too ? Because , I 'll be honest with you , I don 't really want to turn out like Walter . Peter , the truth is I 'm scared too . The last few weeks have been hard on all of us . You know , of course there 's always the temporary fix . The temporary fix ? Distraction . Hello . Hi . What 's this ? It 's , uh ... It 's a box . Well , what 's in it ? As with most things in life , The reality would pale in comparison With one 's imagination . And , uh , isn 't it better to wonder ? I say , uh , would you mind keeping an eye on the box While I go to the restroom ? Is there , you know , remuneration ? Of course . There you go . I won 't be a minute . Okay . Astrid . Broyles . Well , that can 't be a good sign . Kent street . I frequented a massage parlor Just around the corner . I used to get off right here . I sure hope you 're talking about the station , Walter . We got five more victims , Maybe more unaccounted for . All mobile , but unresponsive . They 're in some kind of trance . Lieutenant , I want every subway station in Boston evacuated . Security cameras picked up a small man Walking into the tunnel carrying a metallic box . These people seem to be suffering From the same symptoms as the victims at Milton . Yes , we 're thinking the box Might be what the thieves dug up there . What about the trains ? System runs on a computer . We 've logged in and stopped all trains Going into the tunnel . Bomb squad 's ready to deploy a man in the tunnel . Bomb squad ? This thing 's not a bomb . You send your men in there , they 're gonna get killed . That tunnel leads straight to another station . If this box is mobile , we have to stop it . You have a better idea ? Yeah , I 'll go . Peter , you can 't . It 's too dangerous . The box is our responsibility , Walter . And if I can get in front of it , Maybe I can disarm it . No , no , no . I haven 't had time to devise something To protect you from the sound emissions . I 'm sure your boys have some sort of ear protection , right ? The frequencies are ultrasonic . Simple noise cancellation won 't work . I 'd have to disable all impulses Along the cochlear nerve . My men are standing by , agents . Peter , I have to make a call here . What is it , Walter ? The science is tenuous to say the least . Walter , if you have a way to put me in front of that box , You got to tell me right now . Walter , talk to me . Agent Dunham , We 're going to need your gun . Mic test . One , two . So how long have I got ? I don 't know . If you can hear us talking , it 's too late . Well , ballpark it for me , Walter . Maximum , three minutes . You ready ? Do it . I see it . Oh , my God . I know what this is . It 's a piece of the weapon . I recognize from Walternate 's blueprints . The weapon from the other side ? How 's that possible ? Looks like the box was soundproof . But it 's broken . I can 't close it . I 'm gonna try to disarm it . He hasn 't spoken for 71 seconds . Something is wrong . His hearing could come back at any time . We need to send someone in . I can 't send another man in there . He could be hurt . He could be Dy ... Hey , guys . Do you hear that ? I thought all the trains were stopped . The device affected the subway 's communication system . Dunham , wait ! You can 't go in there ! For a catastrophic explosion like that , I imagine he had some sort of surgical implant . Dental ceramic crowns . If they were to vibrate At just the right resonant frequency ... I always hated dentists . And you 're sure this is part of the weapon ? Yeah , looks just like the parts I saw on the other side . And we know that walternate has agents over here . Maybe they 're looking for the missing pieces , The ones he couldn 't find over there . Why would there be pieces on our side ? You got a better explanation ? We 're talking about two universes here . Two of each one of us . At this point , would anything really surprise you ? Bacon-flavored pudding . That would surprise me . I 'd like to take this back to the lab . We got the blueprints . Maybe I can figure it out . Okay . I guess you 've got other plans for tonight . Yeah . Do you mind ? 'course not . Today was a bad day . But it could have been a lot worse . Your quick thinking saved a lot of lives , Dr. Bishop . Good work . Walter . Hi . I know what belly left me . He left me Massive Dynamic . I 'm the sole shareholder . Peter HAS FIRST PIECE HE IS ACTIVELY ENGAGED UNDERSTOOD . BEGIN WORK ON Dr. BISHOP
