 English text using timing of German version * * * * * * Timing Editor * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Mr _ M.Elsayed * * * * * * * * The Board of Directors has a meeting this week and upper management wants to present a new idea on how to increase productivity . Something impressive , that will razzle-dazzle them . Should I get to work on a musical number ? - If your profits ... - And curtain . When the Board 's in town , the company always tries to find ways to get people to work harder . They 've tried stimulating them with an idea they got from a Japanese game show . Sorry . - He 's coming . - Quick , let 's go light the candles . They even tried pumping extra oxygen into the building So what 's in the fun bag this time ? One of the executives takes his daughters to a game arcade and when they win , they get tickets which they trade in for prizes . Even though the prizes are worthless , the little girls work themselves into a psychotic frenzy trying to win them . So we 're replacing our department with psychotic little girls ? That was discussed , but instead we 're going to reward hard work by giving people tickets . For worthless prizes . You have an impressive handle on this . That must be why they picked you to run the program for our department . Congratulations . Oh , no , Ritchie in nanoscience wrote a message in our petri dishes again . Damn him and his super-duper teeny tiny nano-pen . What does it say ? I rub ( see next petri dish ) my dude-berries on your ... On our what ? Lunchboxes , Doorknobs , the back of our knees ? Let me see ! Microscope eyepiece . My Eyes ! Hey , what 's up junk-lovers ? Your eyes enjoying my mangerines ? - What is it about us that invites ridicule ? - I don 't know . We invent neat stuff . We 're delightful . And yet no one respects us . Not even that cafeteria lady with that hideous tongue birthmark that looks like a smaller and more hideous tongue . You know , we need to find a way to get Ritchie and everyone else to respect us . To show them that we 're a quasi-awesome force of nature . Like a tornado . But one that stays out of town so no one gets hurt . And I 'm the idiot , that has to evaluate everyone 's work and hand out prize tickets . Once again , I regret not double-majoring in Business and Carnywork like my conjoined-twin stockbrokers . Have some pudding . Mmm . Better . My mom always says there 's nothing in the world pudding can 't cure except for my dad 's obesity , which it 's made exponentially worse . You 've got a little in your hair . Are we interrupting something ? Ah , no . Linda had pudding in her hair . We help each other out . Yesterday Ted had a turkey dinner in his head . So , is it true ? We 're gonna get awesome Veridian merchandise if we work hard ? Yeah . Let 's go with awesome . And I have the awarding tickets . I 'm gonna save up for missile launcher . I have a problem with crows in my yard . Actually , the gifts are more like a sweatshirt or a cd player . Maybe a crow feeder for Linda 's lawn . And with a sign that says : " Crows , go get other crows " . But crows are impervious to sarcasm . Do you have a sign that says : " Stay away , crows " ? We do . We have one . But it was painted by Picasso , so it costs a million tickets . You guys think you 're so cool with your inside jokes.We 've got inside jokes , too . Hey , Susan . Remember the green hat ? - No . - Damn you , Susan . - Hey , check it out . I got 30 tickets . - I only got 20 . I got 23 . Sorry , Sheila , but I did . I wonder why Linda got so many more tickets than us . I wonder why . What are you saying , Sheila ? What are you saying ? I 'm saying you 're sleeping with Ted . What ? I 'm not sleeping with Ted . And if I were , this envelope would be much bigger . Takes more than 30 tickets to ride this roller coaster . Hey-o ! The boss is in the house , everybody put your pants back on . - Zing , bang , Sir . - Yes , I know . So , with the board meeting this week , our former C.E.O Arthur Wells is in town . Arthur Wells ? That man is a legend . Wasn 't he behind the Veridian acquiring ownership of the african country of Tchad ? And then re-naming it after his nephew Chad ? In his day , he was a genius , but now he is an old horrible pain in the ass . Really , I can 't say enough bad things about him . We can 't have Arthur wandering around the building , stirring up troubles . So , I want you to babysit him while he 's here . Stick with him , don 't let him out of your sight . Gee , chet , I 'm flattered you would come to me with this - but my plate is so full this week . - Oh , I don 't care about that . You must be Arthur Wells . I recognize you from the effigies they burn of you in Tchad Ah , found it , i 'm taking your swipecard , and ... I also need your help . I don 't know , I need to hear exactly what you want before I can tell you to go to hell . The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i 've got an insurance policy that 's gonna keep that from happening . This is a receipt from the airport bar for 7 scotches . Drinking keeps me warm and approchable . Oh here . It 's a map . My mentor who ran this place before me left it to me in his will . It leads to papers he hid years ago in this building papers that contain secrets that could bring this whole company down And while we 're searching for " Curly 's Gold " we could look around for where you lost your mind No the papers are here . Since i left this building has been redesigned more times than my wifes face so i need your help find my way around Ah , now I can say it . Go to hell . I could wander around by myself . Who knows what kind of mischief crazy old man like me could get in to . Have you forgotten the lessons of Mr. Magoo I wish you were a cartoon . Then i could say Yabadabadoo and that creature from E.T. would attack you . I didn 't watch a lot of cartoons . So , here is something kinda interesting People in the office thinks your dunkin ' your donunt in my coffee . What ? That 's crazy . Plus why am i the donut ? I don 't know . But apparently i 'm the hot cup of sex , you dip your strange circular stuff in . Why would people think we 're having sex ? You touched my hair . - But this is horrible . - Horrible ? You 're saying that the idea of sleeping with me is horrible ? - No , I 'm not saying you 're repulsive . - Where did repulsive come from ? All I 'm saying is that if people think I 'm sleeping with you that undermines my credibility as an executive So I 'm bad for your precious career ? This is the Frosty Scoop all over again , and you 're Derek Spooner , the night manager you mullet wearing moonwalking bastard . At the risk of taking Derek Spooner 's side , your affair with him probably took his career a few sliding step backwards . While appearing to move forward . Actually , I was the best thing that ever happened to Derek Spooner until he frozed to death in the cooler while he was getting high . I am a boss and I need people to think that I 'm imparcial . Maybe we should just stay away from each other for a while . Let the whole sex thing die out . Worked for my parents . Fine . Let 's just stay away from each other , Ted . Right now I 'm thinking that won 't be a problem . Turns out , people really like getting useless stuff and so the ticket system caught on immediately . Okay , you know how were looking to get a little respect ? What if we got that marionet and put on an awsome kick-ass puppetshow . ? With one marionet ? Okay , how about this : Hal Holbrook as Mark Twain ? You mean we dress up the marlone as Hal Holbrook doing Mark Twain ? No , the marionet is not in it anymore . We get Hal Holbrook to come to Veridian , and do Mark Twain . Still not seeing it . Okay , what if we stage a fight , where we beat up Hal Halbrook ? As Mark Twain ? No , Mark Twain 's not in it any more . - I don 't know . - Yeah , maybe there 's nothing there . Hey , what if we get these Veridian-Dynamics beltbuckles ? They 'd earn us some respect . Feel like having a Rolex holding up your pants . They cost 200 tickets . Ted only gave us 20 for our presentation on planetary resources even though we talked for 10 minutes about mining Uranus without giggling . I know . You can 't find Hydrocarbons on a gasplanet . So now i 'm stuck leading this living liverspot around the building trying to read this indecipherable booze soaked map , and ... - Are you petting me ? - I 'm moving your hair out of your eyes . Something i do for everybody . My hair is in a bun , it can 't get in my eyes unless you scalp me and throw the whole works back in my face . People think i 'm having an affair with Linda , because i groomed her in public . I 'd judge you , but i 'm on a treasurehunt . Oh , he 's out of the bathromm and on the move . Here i go , making good use of my Stanford education . Ted , I traded my tickets for this sweatshirt but it 's too tight . i have a bit of a bosom , i have to be careful . - So take it back , Lonnie . - They said no exchanges . Your the swag master Ted , help me . Well , i 'd like to , but that would be special treatment , and i don 't give special treatment to anybody . I see where this is going Ted and i 'm not giving you a firm no . I will take that as a firm no . This ticket thing is circling the drain . See , this is the kind of craziness i would normally talk to Linda about . Sorry , Spooner , didn 't see you there . She 's mad at me . But I 'm doing the right thing . She 'll get over it . Right ? I saw Ritchie at the swag station looking at our Veridian-Dynamics beltbuckles . - What if he gets one first ? - What are we gonna do ? We still need 180 tickets . Actually we need 190 . I spend 10 on hilbilly teeth . You what ? Oh , how can I be mad at you ? If only there was a way to get more tickets now , so we could be the first one to get those buckles . What if we printed out a bunch of fake tickets ? Then , when we earn the real ones , we tear those ones up . It would be like giving ourselves a loan . And borrowing against the future is what built this country . It 's true , Phil . That 's what made our economy the envy of the world . Here are 400 tickets . You can counterfeit them . It 's easy . I mean you can count them , it 's easy . It 's not easy to counterfeit them , it takes hours . I mean it would have , if we did . Which we did .. not do . Hi . These ticket are real and we 'd like two belt buckles . Wow . I 'm so impressed . You guys have so many tickets . I don 't even have enough to get this Baby T. I bet she 'd respect a couple fellas who could give her some tickets . Let 's print more tickets . Let 's print them all . If we go down any deeper in this building , we 'll come up in the basement of our Hong-Kong office . Dear god , you 've said that joke six times . This is our last sub-basement . If your make believe treasure is any place in this building , which it isn 't , we 'll find it here , which we won 't . - It 's hollow , there 's something back here . - Really ? Let me see . Oh my God , I found it . I 'm building you a car that runs on saltwater , and all i get is a lousy 15 tickets . Jimmy , all you 've shown me is a toycar , a cup of saltwtaer and som transparently desperate confidence . - It will work . - Yeah , that . Hey Ted , this yo-yo doesn 't glow , what kind of crap are you trying to pull . It has to be dark , Lonnie . This ticket thing is out of control . Lonnie is mad because he 's yo-yo doesn 't glow in the light . and Patricia is mad , because se expected her seamonkeys to be reading a newspaper and riding a bike . But the whole thing is just murky water . What are you doing ? You 're not supposed to be talking to me . People will think you love the hideous girl . I did not call you hideous , I called you repulsive . And I didn 't call you repulsive either . Besides nobody 's watching . We can talk . Sorry Ted , you lost the right to talk to me , when you decided , you care more about what the people in the office think , than you do about our friendship . I care about our friendship , i care ... There 's is that tea i 've been looking for Mmm , herbal . Does that look mean you want tea ? Look Linda , i really missed talking to you . Poor Ted . Why don 't you smoke that tea , climb into the freezer and pull a full on spooner . Check it out . - Bam - Pull - Bam . - Yee-how . Hold the elevator . Thanks for your help , buddy . Thanks for the tickets . You guys rock . - How are you feeling , my friend ? - Feeling huge . - Respect , baby . - That 's all I 'm saying . There are documents in here . Okay , here 's what 's gonna happen : First I 'm gonna apologize for calling you crazy . Second , I 'm gonna turn these damaging company secrets over to my boss , So I 'll be a hero for saving the company . And third , if you 're nice , I 'll help you find your way out of the basement . If I may respond ... so i know how to use this and i made my own end table . - You 're stuck , princess . - Feliz Navadad , buttmunch . - Sawing is hard . - So is holding up wood . Alright , new idea . - Okay , what if we break up ? - What are you talking about ? We 'll spread a rumor that we broke up . and when our pretend relationship is over , we can be friends again . That 's a great idea . In fact , it such a great idea , why wait for a rumor to spread ? - You no-good louse . - Oh , dear . That 's right Crisp , I 'm breaking up with you , right here and right now . - Okay , then it 's over . Bye . - You wanna know why ? - Actually , I said bye , not why . Okay , I 'll tell you why . Because you 're selfish . Everything is about your career , your job , your hair . Then , after you 've neglect me , you realise how spectacular I am and you tried to make it up with gifts . - Oh , the gifts . - Gee , I sound like a monster . The jewellery , flowers , clothes , cattle . Cattle ? - Yes , cattle . What were you thinking . - They looked smaller in the catlouge ? Well , they were huge . And you and I are through . Poor Ted . Poor , sad Ted . Here 's 100 tickets . - Buy yourself a little pick-me up . - Where did you get this tickets . Your work sucks . My name is Mark Twain and I am made of wood . I want to be a real boy . Let me know when you 're open to some constructive criticism . I need 10 tickets . I 'll pay for them with this pie . - You come in here and talk to us like this ? - I thought you liked pie . We do like pie , Ritchie . You know what else we like ? Respect . We 're not selling tickets . - Now , if you come to us as a friend ... - then tickets will rain down on you . Then may I give you this pie as a friend ? - I love this guy . - Nice . Hey , Ted . Wow . Look at all these tickets We think Ritchie is counterfeiting them . Screw you , guys . Can you believe what that guy did ? - It was us . - All us . I 'm taking away your puppet . Because I want you to think about what you did . - Not the puppet , Ted . - Yes , the puppet . This has to hurt or you 'll never learn . He did you a favour . That show is going nowhere . When did you say your mentor hid these ? He was really sitting on something back then . Smoking causes cancer ? What else they 've got in there ? Eve eats the apple ? These documents are useless , Arthur . And now I 've got nothing to keep the board from voting me out . You know the hardest thing : I still get ideas . Well , maybe you could work somewhere else . I see a lot of older people mall walking . I don 't know what that pays . You give your whole life to a place , and then when they are done with you they just turn you out . I hope they never do this to you . I 'm gonna kill the ticket-thing . You care ? - No . - Really ? Because you seem to be taking it kinda hard . It 's Arthur . There really were secret documents , but they turned out to be worthless . So now they 're gonna throw him off the board . - But I thought you hated him ? - I did . And then he grabbed me by the ankles and attacked me with a piece of wood and everything changed . He 's given his life to this place , Ted Just like I have . Man , I kicked him hard in the balls . Veronica , Ted . I just wanted to thank you for keeping an eye on Arthur . He 's in the board room right now , We 're about to vote him out . Actually , before you move on Arthur , sir you should know that he found some documents and if you vote him off the board he will expose the company 's worst secret . That 's right . I 'm saying that . Wait a minute . He found out about the thing ? Yes . He knows all about the thing . Oh , God . If he knows about the thing , that means he knows about the other thing , which would ruin the thing we all live on . Apparently so , Sir . I think he even knows about the stuff . That 's okay , everybody knows about the stuff , but the thing , that 's gonna be a problem . I guess Arthur stays . That was nice , what you did . Well , when the company decides it 's my time to go , I just hope somebody stands up for me . Well don 't worry , by then the stuff will probably have gotten all of us Don 't joke about the stuff , Ted . It can tell and it doesn 't like it . - This place is scary . - Really ? I 'm just getting comfortable with it . Sorry i unloaded on you when we broke up . Well , i had it coming . I kinda freaked out when you said that everyone thought we were sleeping together . You kinda did . For the record , if were in a real relationship , i wouldn 't care what anyone said about anything . - What are you saying ? - I 'm saying what i 'm saying . That 's not acceptable . You have to actually say something . I missed you . And if we where in a relationship i would want everyone to know . I 'd scream it from a mountaintop , or whatever the straight equivalent of that is . There is no straight equivalent for that . And i missed you too . Why didn 't you tell us what V.D meant ? Why ? So , what do we think of Ted and Linda kissing ? I 'm for it . I like when attractive people kiss . Me too . I like when attractive people do anything . I was once knocked up my rollerskates by a beautiful woman driving a bus . It was very pleasant . It 's too bad Ted 's making us get rid of all these . We 're just gonna set these here while we both go to the bathroom . We just both have to go . It happens . Unless Ted is wrong about human nature , in 5 minutes , so many tickets so many tickets will flap this way , the whole system will crash Look at that . Disgusting . Ecxept for those two attractive people . Yes . That part is very pleasant . * * * * * * Timing Editor * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Mr _ M.Elsayed * * * * * * * *
