 Previously on Intelligence ... We connected a human being directly to the information grid . He 's a hero . Delta Force Tier 1 . He 's also wreckless and insubordinate . And you put a computer in his head . The chip functions as a sixth sense . The candidate had to possess an extremely rare genetic mutation . It 's called Athens-4U7R . I 'm in the D.M.V. database now . We 've spent billions of dollars creating something that every nation on earth would go to war to possess . I want you to protect it for us . - Sniper ! - Down ! I 'm cyber-rendering . I create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . You 're doing this right now ? The chip processes it like a computer , but my brain metabolizes it like ... well , like a brain . If they wanted a robot , they could have built one . They wanted a human , and they got one . Chooch , 12 : 00 . What the hell is this guy doing ? Whoa . Get down right now ! Hey ! Let me see your hands ! Watch our backs ! Show me your hands ! Right now ! Put your hands in the air ! On the ground now ! Down ! Let 's go . Clear . All right , let 's strip him . You think we don 't know what you 're doing , Chooch ? Throwing rocks at a scout convoy ? Easier ways to get a warm meal . All right , let 's see what we got here . - Anything ? - The guy 's completely clean . Good to go , corporal . All right , I 'll take him down . Let 's go . Allahu Akbar . - Hey , save it . - Allahu Akbar . Allahu Akbar . - Allahu Akbar . Allahu Akbar . - Hey . Allahu Akbar . Allahu Ak- - Gabriel . Hello . I didn 't see you there . You 're all wet ! Oh , that 's terrible , isn 't it ? No , no , no , no . Yes . No , no , no , no , no . Yes . Whoever thought we should be perpetually connected to the Internet should be shot . You were just actuated , weren 't you ? Where ? Mumbai . India . I don 't want to go . I know . I 've been thinking about quitting the agency . Quitting ? Why ? We just got married . It doesn 't change who you are . You love what you do . You don 't want me to be here ? Of course I do . Of course I want you here . But I don 't want you changing for me . This one would be months , not weeks . We 'll work it out . We 've been worlds away before . What do I always say ? " It 's just geography . " That 's right . It 's just geography . Seriously ? It 's 6 : 00 A.M. I 'm assigned to protect you . That means every night and every morning , I need to hear the voice of America 's favorite superweapon . You know this is never gonna work for me . It works for the leader of the free world . Yeah ? Well , what 's your boyfriend gonna say ? Calling me late at night and early in the morning . What ? No boyfriend ? Got a girlfriend ? Stop . I could use the chip . Three seconds , I 'd know what your favorite ice cream is . You did that on the first day . Fine . Chocolate-chip-mint . But I 've kept my promise since then . Hey , you want me to share . How about you share with me ? Talk about Zurich . There 's nothing to talk about . Three weeks ago , you went to follow a lead to find your missing wife . You said it was a dead end . That 's it ? You know what Amelia 's code name in the CIA was ? Sounder . As in " Depth Sounder " ? When she goes under , she goes deep . After seven years , I 'm beginning to realize Amelia won 't be found till she wants to be . Not even by me . You find a place to live yet ? Turn to your left . We call this " proximity overlook . " Yeah , well , the rest of the world calls it stalking . What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost - - or what 's left of it . It was attacked by a suicide bomber at 0800 hours , local time . The blast killed 12 marines and injured 45 more , making it the deadliest attack on U.S. forces - since the Bagram air base was hit two years ago . - That 's terrible . It gets worse - - Senator William Barnett , who was visiting the troops at the time , was killed in the explosion . The senator was the target of the attack . But right now , it 's unclear why . How did they get past the perimeter ? An Afghan merchant named Zafar Hasani was detained outside the base . We brought him in through the front gate . They didn 't screen him for explosives ? Oh , they did . And they used some top-of-the-line stuff , too . I 'm talking about a high-precision pulse wand , an A.R.D. machine , a diffraction-enhanced X-ray scanner . - There was nothing on him . - And yet he still went boom . And that 's why we 've been brought in . If a terrorist group has developed a way to thwart our military 's security protocols , every one of our bases is now vulnerable . We need this new threat located and eliminated . So , who was Zafar Hasani ? Is he on any of our watch lists ? No , he had no known ties to any terrorist or insurgent groups . The guy 's just a baker . It 's too sophisticated for one guy . There 's no way he acted alone . Should we look for the butcher and the candlestick maker ? Sorry . Here 's something . Zafar was living with his brother , Malik Hasani , who trained with the A.N.A. commando brigade . Looks like Malik was briefly detained by the CIA last year . Okay , that sounds like our co-conspirator . Get on the S.T.U. to the forward operating base . Let 's find Malik and bring him in . - Don 't bother . - Why not ? He 's not on the no-fly list , Lillian . I 'm in the TSA master manifest now . Don 't tell me . Malik Hasani boarded a flight out of KBL that landed in Dulles this morning . He 's here . One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber Command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - the next evolution of intelligence . This is security footage from the Dulles customs and border protection checkpoint . That 's Malik Hasani there . He was carrying some sort of traveling case . Well , if his brother could sneak an explosive into a military base , Malik might try to clear one through customs . But it 's just a chess set . What about a secret compartment ? Let me see if I can access the scan from the X-ray machine . Got it . Doc said I should be able to interpolate the two sources of data and ... Whoa . What is it ? It 's pretty cool . Except there 's no room to hide anything in there . Hang on . The ... All the pieces are the same color . Would make it hard to play chess . This chess set isn 't hiding a bomb . It is the bomb . Plastic explosive can be molded into any shape . Chess pieces , sure , but the brother at the base , he wasn 't carrying anything . Maybe he shaped it into something smaller that he could swallow . Oh , no , no . No . All known explosives are highly noxious . Ingesting even a small amount would cause debilitating seizures , vomiting , even death . What if this is something new ? Edible C-4 ? Oh , well , that 's a fascinating little scientific puzzle . Could the Hasani brothers have solved it ? They would need a formal education in explosive-ordnance studies , large quantities of trinitramine , cyclotrimethylene , or something similar , and the ability to develop ground-breaking techniques that eliminate the compound 's fatal levels of toxicity . So , basically , snowball 's chance in hell . A snowball sometimes has a chance . But there are a dozen military research labs in the world that I can think of that would have the technical expertise . Narrow it down . Find our snowball . Excuse me , Lillian . I 've worked with the head of Senator Barnett 's personal security detail , so I put in a call . That so ? Very well . Did he have anything useful for us ? Well , as you can imagine , there 's no shortage of Middle Eastern terror groups with dreams of killing the senator . He 's advocated intervention in Syria , Turkey , Iran . Sort the threats . Try to connect Malik Hasani . Jameson 's working on that now . Let me know when you 've learned something . I learned that you hadn 't issued a bolo on Malik yet . That 's correct . Don 't we want to get his face out there ? If we spook him , he might accelerate the timetable for the next attack . But if we sit on it and he strikes again , all the blame will fall on you . Sorry , it 's not my place . It 's just a risky decision , that 's all . As my father is fond of saying , character is only defined by the decisions you make when all could be lost . We got something here . Airport security grabbed a picture of Malik leaving the airport and getting into yellow taxi 574 . And for the record I found it first . It 's true . He got this one . - Did you give me a little attitude ? - Not attitude . That 's love , brother . Maybe the cab driver can tell us where he dropped off Malik . Go . I 'll call the cab company . That 's a good idea . Or we could use the microchip in my brain . Cab number 574 is parked at 6th and Memorial . They all have GPS now . Wait . So , at any given time , you know where all the cabs in the city are ? Beats standing on the corner with your hand in the air . It 's not military . They 're too busy making the next longbow . English , please . Military technology has always moved us farther from the battlefield . In the 14th century , it was archers . Today , it 's drones . No standing army wants to make a bomb they have to swallow . Got it . Well , that 's when it hit me . Maybe we 're looking for someone who wants to make their explosions safer , not more deadly . Who would that be ? Diessenhofen Technologies is constantly innovating in the field of mining safety . Well , Dr. Cottier , I 've been studying your patent applications and there 's one that caught my attention . We apply for hundreds of patents every year . Oh , I think you 'll remember this one . A biodegradable plastic explosive that can be handled safely without exposure to harmful toxins . And I see the recipe contains cyclotrimethylene trinitramine but displays no markers , no odorizing chemical taggants . Congratulations , doctor . You designed a bomb so safe to handle , it 's undetectable . What could possibly go wrong ? It 's only in the experimental stages . We 're hoping it could make demolitions safer and more efficient . We call it Red-X . 22 hours ago , somebody walked a batch of your Red-X right into a U.S. military base , killing a dozen of our soldiers . And unless you want even more blood on your hands , you 're gonna tell us who you sold it to . Right now . I assure you , we never sold it to anyone . The prototype disappeared four months ago from our Zurich laboratory . - It was stolen ? - And you didn 't think to report that missing ? ! We couldn 't risk losing our funding . Your funding ? ! You call yourself a doctor ? ! - How much was taken ? - 2.1 kilograms . That is more than enough for another attack . How does it work ? A tiny circuit is pressed into the clay . It acts like a receiver and can be detonated remotely , however you like . One call from a cellphone would do the trick . This is footage from the taxi-cab dashboard camera . That 's Malik . He still has the Red-X . Yeah , but where is he headed ? That 's McKinley Square . What potential targets are nearby ? There are dozens of government buildings in that area . Two subway entrances . A bank ? Four banks . An army recruitment center across the street . There are 106 possible targets , to be exact . Well , we 're gonna have to narrow that down . Keep tracking the cab . That was everything up until Malik got out . Just let it run . There . He 's meeting with someone . Nicely done . One of them must be " the button . " The button ? Yeah , Red-X apparently requires at least two people . One swallows the explosive , walks it through security . The other - - the button - - watches from a safe distance and remotely detonates it with a - - a cellphone . Wait , wait . Why wouldn 't the bomber just detonate himself ? Suicide bombers have been known to have second thoughts . Enhance the image . Isolate their faces . - Working on it . - Working on it . Or we could just do it your way . Oh , God . You know him ? From where ? Where are you , Gabriel ? Mumbai . His name is Ibrahim Al-Munin . He 's a lashkar-e-Tayyiba operative . He was part of the attacks at the Taj Mahal hotel in 2008 . And now he 's here with Malik . And my wife . - We can 't see her face . We don 't know it 's Amelia . - It 's her . Is that coming from the chip or are you just extrapolating ? There 's no clear distinction . The chip is constantly - - It 's her . After the Mumbai attacks , Amelia and Ibrahim were both presumed dead , but their bodies were never recovered . Now , out of the blue , Ibrahim shows up on U.S. soil with an unidentified female partner ? That 's Amelia . She 's still deep . We have no proof that Amelia is even involved , much less working undercover . I need you to stay focused on what we actually know . I 've been searching for her for six years . This is the first good lead ! I don 't care ! You have somehow convinced yourself that the purpose of the chip is to help you find your wife . Well , let me remind you of your responsibilities to this country . Any time wasted on wishful thinking is putting American lives in greater danger , and I won 't tolerate that . Am I clear ? Yeah . You 're clear . Lillian , this is exactly what we worried about when we selected him . If Amelia is involved , he could become irrational - - self-destructive even . Well , then find a way to control him because I am not taking my best asset offline in the middle of an active terrorist attack . I can patch glitches , fix bugs , repair hardware . Hell , I can even reprogram the chip . But it is not the chip that is crashing . Lance Corporal Daniel Hindes . He was only 24 years old . He had a wife named Laura and a 5-year-old daughter named Jenny . And they 'll never get to see him again because a terrorist , stuffed with Red-X , blew him up two days ago . There 's 12 more stories just like this one . Go ahead . Pull them up yourself . You know what it 's like to lose the person you love . If you don 't help us try to stop this ... what are we gonna say to the next Laura and Jenny Hindes ? Okay , it took some digging , but an alternate spelling of Ibrahim 's name turned up in the title of a closed senate intel briefing . Unfortunately , it 's been redacted . Means we 're on the right track . - Can you decrypt the files ? - I can 't , but Gabriel can . Let me take a look . Ibrahim was married to a medical student in Pakistan . She was working at a local hospital when it was attacked by a PMF strike team . Private military ? Contractors . Our payroll . The PMF team believed the hospital was protecting a terrorist cell , so they went in hot . They were wrong . Ibrahim 's wife , Nadira , was caught in the crossfire . - That 's awful . - Which contractor ? Phalanx Global Security . They were called before congress . Got a light spanking , sent back to the playroom . And get this . The committee chairman who decided to look the other way ... - Senator Barnett . - That 's motive . Ibrahim 's striking back for what happened to his wife . Guys , Phalanx Headquarters off McKinley square , less than a block from where the cab stopped . We have a target . Riley . If Amelia is involved and you find her with her hand on the detonator , Gabriel won 't be able to take that shot . Will you ? Will you ? Yes . Of course . That hesitation - - when you were thinking how devastated he might be - - that 's the moment the bomb went off and killed him . Phalanx Security is on the 15th floor . This place would be a nightmare to evacuate . You know , you 're not the only one with a voice in your head . Mine 's a sentry that whispers in my ear when my protectee 's in danger . Is it whispering now ? It 's screaming at me . You two want to keep arguing , or are we going in ? How quickly can you take all of the cell towers within range offline ? Any signal that gets through could be the one that reaches the transceiver in the bomber 's stomach . You don 't just flip a switch . We first need to submit an emergency interruption claim - to the national communications system ... - Hack it . If it 's faster . I love it when you talk dirty . Agent Neal . You received a call from my supervisor . They wouldn 't tell me what 's going on . Let 's see what you 've got here . I really shouldn 't have anybody back here . Robert , don 't you know your office password shouldn 't be the same as your e-mail password ? What are you talking about ? I 'm in . No matches yet . Did you see either of these two men come past this checkpoint ? That guy kind of looks like the courier that just came through here . What floor was he going to ? - 15 . - That 's him . Not again . It looks like we 're getting our exercise today . Nice work . That 'll slow him down . - I 'm going to the 15th floor . - Wait . You can 't get close to the bomb until we control the detonator . I 'll get in position while you find the button . He 's got to be close by , probably outside security . I 'm on it . W-what should I do ? Hey , hold the - - Are you still there ? Good . Gabriel , Riley , are you reading me ? I see Nelson got the cell towers down . Our line should be the only one getting through right now . Why isn 't Gabriel responding ? He 's in the elevator . It must be acting like a Faraday cage , shielding all electromagnetic frequencies - - - Yes , thank you . What 's your status ? - Okay . We 've located the bomb , but no sign of the button . Have Gabriel scoop him up while they can 't send a signal . And be ready . Once they realize their communication is jammed , they 'll scramble . I 'm almost in position . Any sign of Ibrahim ? Riley ? Hello ? I have eyes on Ibrahim . I 'm moving in . He 's holding some kind of ... walkie-talkie . Our network outage only blocks cell signals . He could still set off the bomb with a walkie-talkie . I don 't have a clean shot . Got a delivery for me ? Gabriel , get him in the elevator . - The bomb is still live . - Good to know . Federal agent ! Drop it ! Button 's on the move ! Who are you working with ? ! Death is coming for you all . Finally . Riley , do you have the detonator ? ! Negative , negative ! Halt ! Federal agent ! You 're sure it was Amelia ? I 'm certain . So you knew it was my wife and you kept on firing ? She wasn 't your wife . She was a threat and I was neutralizing it . And what if I 'm right ? Did you ever think of that ? What if I 'm right and she 's deep cover , working some angle we haven 't seen yet ? What if you 're wrong and we turn our backs ? It 'd be Bin Laden all over again . Bin Laden ? That 's what you 're gonna throw at me ? I 've been looking for Amelia for six years . She shows up on the grid , and your first instinct 's to shoot her dead . - It was the right call . - It 's not your call to make ! It 's my call ! No . It 's Lillian 's . I don 't know what 's more disturbing - - the Red-X or looking into a dead guy 's stomach . Be gentle . We don 't know which of these contains the live detonator circuit . We could easily trip it with the picofarads found in common static electricity . Please ... stop ... talking . All right , now , mark this one as 19.5 grams . Shouldn 't ... the bomb squad be handling this ? No , no . They 'd just do a controlled detonation . We 'd lose all of our evidence . Nelson , be careful . Your hands are shaking . Yeah . I wonder why , dad . You said you wanted to do more things together . I meant a movie or a ballgame . Oh . Not the most reassuring words to hear while handling explosives . We may have a problem . Not any better . We only found 0.5 kilograms of Red-X in Malik 's stomach . Analyzing the pattern of structural damage from the Afghan combat outpost , Zafar ingested approximately 0.5 kilograms , as well . This means that Ibrahim is still in possession of 1.1 kilograms . Get to the point , dad . That is more than enough for another attack . Another attack ! And it would be the largest yet . He is not done . So where is Ibrahim now ? We 're not sure . We found this in Malik 's pocket . He made a purchase at a convenience store less than two hours before the attempted bombing . Only bought one item - - honey . Honey ? And we found trace amounts in Malik 's stomach . I guess a spoonful helps the deadly explosives go down . - Did you run this address ? - It 's right across the street from the Kaaba Mosque and Cultural Center . That 's worth checking out . Lillian , I need a word . Now . Outside . What right do you have to give that order ? What order ? You know exactly what I 'm talking about . She 's a terrorist , Gabriel . You don 't know that ! Everyone knows that . Everyone but you . I wanted to believe she was clean , too . You know I did . But the only reason we don 't have Ibrahim in custody right now is because she helped him get away . I know you have all that extra processing power . But at the end of the day , the simplest explanation is usually the right one . How bad is it ? On an average day , he 's using 25 % to 30 % of his processing speed searching for Amelia . Can you even imagine what 's going on in his brain today ? He 's highly erratic , Lillian . If we pull him off now , he 'll never forgive us . But he would survive . Unfortunately , I need to worry about the people who wouldn 't . They were staying here , but I haven 't seen them since yesterday morning 's prayers . I 'm sorry . So you let them stay here , but you can 't tell us anything ? Kaaba Mosque is not just a place of worship . It 's a community center . We offer a variety of services to all Muslims . And what if they 're terrorists ? I didn 't know they were Lashkar . This mosque and those who pray in it , they don 't support Lashkar 's tactics and beliefs . I offered these men a bed , but no one can know what 's in another person 's soul . Did they have a woman with them ? Not to my knowledge , no . Tall , black hair . Maybe she met them here . I 'm sorry . It 's possible . But I haven 't seen anyone else . Gabriel , over here . Come here . Thank you . Excuse me . I 'm Riley . This is Gabriel . How you doing , chief ? What 's your name ? Yousef . Nice to meet you , Yousef . Was there something you wanted to tell us ? It 's okay . You won 't get in trouble , I promise . Did you talk to that guy ? Did he say where they were going ? I found this . It fell out of his bag . Look at this . It 's a hospital . Ibrahim 's wife was killed in a hospital . He was casing Providence Memorial . He 's gonna blow it up as payback . We have to evacuate that hospital now . This place is huge . Ibrahim could be hiding anywhere . Any sign of him on surveillance ? No , but their cameras only monitor 46 % of the building . There 's too many areas out of view . You and I need to split up . You take the - - We 're not splitting up . I can 't watch your back if I have no idea where you are . Look - - we have over 86,000 square feet to search . You really want do that - - room to room , holding my hand ? The holding hands part is optional . - We don 't have time to argue about it . - You 're right . We don 't . Hey , the first-floor emergency rooms are all clear . I.C.U. and N.I.C.U. still need staff assistance . What about the decision teams from the additional hospitals ? They haven 't showed up yet . Okay , then we 're gonna need to improvise . Round up anyone in scrubs and redeploy them to the I.C.U.s. We need to get everyone clear of this building . - Yeah , copy that . - Gabriel , what do we ... Son of a ... Gabriel ! Go ! Go ! Everybody out ! Move ! Move ! Come on ! Go , go , go ! Amelia . Gabriel , what are you doing here ? Stay back ! Amelia . I mean it . Get out of here . Now . Listen to me . Ibrahim 's planted a bomb in here ! I got to find it and get you out of here ! You found it ! It 's me , Gabriel . I 'm the bomb . Why - - w-why would you do this ? It would be impossible for you to understand . I know you . You don 't believe in this . This isn 't you . You don 't know me . Not anymore . We need time . We just need time to talk . We can work this out together . We just need a room where the detonator 's signal can 't reach . The X-ray labs ! The X-ray labs are lined with lead . The nearest one 's about 87 feet away . I can save you ! Come on ! There 's no detonator . The bomb 's on a timer . Ibrahim didn 't want to take any chances this time . It 's going to detonate no matter what you do . It 's an electronic device . - Stop it ! - It can be disabled . All we need is a burst of electricity . Get out of here ! Go ! Go ! No , I 'm not leaving you ! Gabriel , this was always a lie . Do you understand ? I never loved you ! I know what you 're doing . I hate you ! I 've always hated you ! Get out of here ! - Get away from her now . - No , lower your weapon . - You know I can 't do that . - You have less than a minute . Listen , Riley , I-I have an idea . - I heard . It won 't work . - You don 't know that . You will die trying to save her . 30 seconds . Get out ! Go ! It 's still charging ! Come on . If you 're wrong , we all die ! I 'm not wrong ! Come on ! I 'm not gonna lose you again . Gabriel , look at me . Will you look at me ? I made these choices . Me . - No . - I did ! Please , no . Gabriel . It 's just geography . No ! You 're gonna hate me . Why am I gonna hate you ? Last time I went on a covert op like this , I - - it took me a while to find my way back . That 's ' cause you didn 't have a compass . Come here . I 'm your compass . You get lost , I 'll be here to get you back home . The cause of the blast is believed to be a ruptured natural gas pipe . The leak was detected minutes before the explosion and all personnel were safely evacuated . It wasn 't perfect , but considering no innocent lives were lost , I 'm calling this one a win . Nice job . - Why the cover story ? - CIA wasn 't too keen to let it out that one of their agents went rogue and detonated a bomb on U.S. soil . What about Ibrahim Al-Munin ? We 're gonna find him . You 're damn right we will . Let 's get to work . Riley . We 're defined by the decisions we make , right ? Gabriel . I could have saved her . It was one-in-a-million . It was worth the risk . No , it wasn 't . My life , my choice . If I hadn 't done what I did , Amelia would have still died . The only difference is you 'd be gone , too . But she wouldn 't have had to die alone . I 'm sorry . You had no right to take that from me . Not a right , no . An obligation . Because I 'm government property . Well , congratulations . The chip is fine . I did it to protect you . Not the chip . You . Even if you hate me I 'm glad you 're alive . You did a great thing , Yousef . You saved a lot of people . I did ? You were so helpful that it makes me wonder if there was something you forgot to tell us . I don 't understand . You didn 't really find this in Ibrahim 's stuff . Did this woman give it to you ? She told me to give it to the man named Gabriel . She said he 'd know what to do . I understand now . Thank you , Yousef .
