 Now if ! Not yet ! Now if ! Now if ! If you now do ! What 's this ? these ready It 's ready ! I will sister Where are you ? Sister ? Sister ! Sister ! Short Peace ( 2013 ) Since the eighteenth century , there are fundamental forces complementary opposing calls the " Yin and Yang " I strayed during storm Please , I ask refuge overnight What 's this ? You Get comfortable here yourself at home My umbrella was broken this is broken and useless we will have to throw it away Get comfortable here Oh , That strangest umbrella But are all broken ! Huh .. ? Ajiagajia ! Ajiagajia ! Thank you ! Better be back ... I do bastente good , right beautiful We are always pleasant but people do not care as before we have our Inner rincor not It 's way too They are very cute although they are quite damaged by use the fix it A turned out really well I 'm just passing this tramp I estravien the storm So come in for shelter at home without permission I offer my apologies Now I can go ? They smell so repugante Will I be able to get out of here Or finally end up like them but I will never forget the help they have given me agradesco every spirit that inhabits this place You have worked very hard Caramba ! Are you busy ? Sorry , after I If a small sauce Song Ji small shrimp Shrimp Please have dinner Ah Heyhey * n shrimp Shrimp If small sauce Song Ji small Smells like burning I ' ll check Lang if Tokichiro where This is it burning ? I ' m going to see where it is okay Right next to the monastery the wind blows in westward direction do not worry Song Ji The youngest son of the master the servant of Song Ji are very concerned Song Ji I 've said many times that I strictest surveillance Around the neighborhood Kaji Lang may see where this Kaji Lang of course you can Her husband has said he will The sr.narita - san everything will be great No matter who is And you that greeted us It was a small oversight Because the easement it costs so much accentuated the difficult things Little sauce Song Ji Sauce Stupid ! I ' ll do 7 or 8 times if necessary You have heard something I do not know Songji I saw that they closed your eyes open tapeworms Get out of here small sauce Mr. Song Ji What happened ... My father to me desehederado Because ... Song Ji You 're his only son No matter I did not have the intention of being So , what achievement is now the owner Song Ji is a small example But to do that , then To see Song Ji small when you can not see the immediate It does not matter He will come to see you Song Ji You forgot something What ? Our promise when we were kids Children ? yes of our childhood There are three days to the wedding have to make a decision Before the hearing that they say relatives It 's easy to say ... Song Ji air damned run quickly Do not impede on the road side even ! Skiles Songji there is no You told your boss Here for you your house is on fire Let me my home I been reduced to nothing There is nothing here evacuate people in the west is very risky Deviation wing people away The fire reached beyond And there are more people Meet with my brothers in Little if ... Tear down these pillars there around the house What have you done Be still Be still Song Ji Song Ji curse go bad In this case ... Be still no fences alla Be still Pull hard We will pull with all his strength There are no billboards Song Ji People are saying that you are A legendary Beast beast matame Amitabha Buddha ... There I think it 's okay Mayor must see this Forget that 's not fair So says this is the work of Buddha Well if you say so ... Compassion Buddha Do Do not worry Buddha did not give his blessing Musketeers must also be ready Help me ! The village is very frightened by this Not only save time ah savage warrior Could it be a polar bear ghost ? No measuring meters , is colored red a scary monster What monster Do not frighten him off if orders not to kill him Every night a woman is kidnapped This is total chaos all over town Now it is just a girl to sacrifice ofrecercela No way All class warriors and none was faced with the small Yen Uste is a great samurai I trust you can help us a bear No please do not please get a ghost Help me ! GAMBO You cause me happy He is very dangerous In fact , it is God Please kill me Kill me Sonlios children of monster Before nascan matame Please kill me ah Make it stop please stop that You are very elusive Looking for salvation It 's too late for faith waiting If you pray , you will have more strength to kill it Demon ! Shoot ! GAMBO Thanks ! What Be honest how you managed that That did this I did nothing , I just had faith in the Thus , it becomes large JIN is the strongest if we succeed good will die over laguine Just 30 years since they reached was you if it was a success I ' m looking forward to Alive after bin say Well , been a long day at work we go for a little basketball and sandwich Reactor eat near the steel is desgradable Farewell to Arms NICE CATCH The UFV is back the House Chamber The next or go through my Lansen understood hard JUNKIE nothing When missing ? about 5 minutes launch the first UFV understood get That case brought the heat killed It also has air conditioning Do not be stupid You have to be optimistic Avansa be careful not to be weighed I 'm not a moron does not matter these also really Sorry friend Do not do it again Well there is this No entrer tunnel collapse Walkers Find targets within 500 meters Do not be afraid RAMU MARU careful where you step if JIN JIN how these Quiet MARU floor just an old mine Oh , is there Do not do much scandal That awkward esoty take more care I see a blip on the radar Forward rerouting JIN hear all To the west there is an underground warehouse take weapons angar we will land Be prepared primarily while UFV brings good news The enemy was moviemiento Hold on tight MARU White building to the right or Gimlet understood And you left ! this aliniado if well here JIN my view is getting worse Here the sniper will make sure the area RAMU good What a mess you RAMU Placed on hold after he finished JUNKIE which I have data like this field Enemy moving eastward With UAV you can see here , then Can launch Hellfire Hellfire ready Okay so I instructed How MARU there as Here 's MARU movement Stairs to get to 3 layers understand JIN reports last This place finish after shooting a moving point continued JUNKIE me Here is JUNKIE Put immediately Hellfire Hellfire Learn to cast Hellfire Hellfire Hey just a JUNKIE grace That is GONK that Play all who Gimlet attempt failed Moved to the face of the enemy Recognized as a self-image cart Do the same with the formation I also moved to locations MARU you optimistic Here 's MARU understand You should see coming Make the laser spot What are you doing ah MARU well Laser has approached the Done and laity as ah Service life MARU All GREEN System checks MARU Just check out all GREEN Officially started Meet the first issue good impact There are four seconds Here is RAMU SEEKER HIT Decrease locations good asshole This is the second casting MARU This time , good impact RAMU well The next move in the trigger point RAMU forced discharge calm RAMU RAMU My friends are still alive I think the same way JIN to fill the vacancy that you cover me Gimlet JIN you like understand well JIN Please hurry How to prepare a saturation attack JIN There is not enough damn JANKI Here JANKI Hellfire missiles ready for use Hellfire Still a little shy OK Gimlet Get to work receive JANKI what you see good Their hands Hellfire missile Hellfire initiated Bastards How bastard taste You are here Do not rush to open RAMU close Reactions Gonk disappeared We did a good job This in the end is how I think ah Indeed , he was still underground Oh , encourage everyone So is now the key The key is to Tokyo Road Your NETA is difficult to understand ah Confident is a good thing JANKI From the search bar here separated MARU RAMU and a search is initiated from this No problem We start the search from the west understand MARU not have your remote control car to search Used to alert Be Number Yalieyalie only That JIN Sang can not participate in the search bar Oh , good captain Fuel Just when subjected to bombing ah you know you are at a disadvantage But I absolutely can not ignore peer-to - ah I will praise anyone Fool Oh , I do not like her My goal is to find MARU Ah ah Special Short Track not think really exists I have entered my TL MARU Well done immediately began to close access I 'll be in the past JANKI can immediately put the recording well done JANKI How JANKI My answer is Gimlet Please answer MARU is Gimlet It was MARU I can not contact the surface JANKI Is contacted immediately with people on the ground to search Ah land on it ? Hey MARU His point has increased ah Because today ah good luck JIN Back again JANKI replies have a bad feeling back on earth ... . RAMU It is a joint activity Quickly get below is just a gonk Gimlet Starting pitcher Shirts MARU okay ? RAMU frozen smoke bomb device wait MARU His words here ... . discharge RAMU hateful Gimlet RAMU how ? evaporated Gimlet UFV came in . JANKI JANKI still alive JANKI I ' ve JIN rodeo behind the Fast Electromagnetic Grenades Be He held her with MARU We have three in our time Once the effects of electromagnetic pulse attack replicated MARU destroy you TL Our ballistic missile tasks without changes Your task is primarily responsible for the destruction Ready now 123 How MARU MARU MARU was still impressed We did some ... The TL destroyed right now Turning the locked state propellant launch tube to provide ballistic missile be JIN gonk I Luncher destroyed me and You destroyed by the body there Maru I ' ve entered the TL After advancing ready I will immediately inform You have to hurry MARU gonk again begin immediately exploit That bit from the front of the gun and destroyed I am here is dead And here I have more problems Sorry , you think of a way I MARU Fuel shortage can not be expanded to promote Around Oh , well hurry ten care Gimlet are not well GONNKI approaching the limit Sorry to be buried in the rubble JIN MARU MARU hurry to escape JIN Come escape JIN JIN Captain Gimlet ... Hey can stand Ah ... Ah ... Do not panic Health insurance in putting to flight Fled MARU ! Hey MARU ! And down and down and down Hello all right ? Ouch Ouch ... Captain Be careful ah Hostile reaction disappears Ejection mode ends Here is gonnki AP Guns and damage to the laser tracking system Now return Huh ? You ! hateful I wanted to run to you Negative hostile reaction Identified as non-combatants What did you say ! Here are fighting a restricted area Please evacuate immediately to civilians bastard Fight is over look here The war that are reasonable Read this brochure is not difficult to understand the words Is it a joke bastard Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream But the night Can not you see ta ki expands instead argue Night hugging But the night Do not see that ta ni ku whispered Night whispers to you Expand or expands U or sad Joy to sadness It expands and expands soak or drip happy dream Dream Dream a dream June servant You are my Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream ? you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream But the night Can not you see ta ki expands instead argue Night hugging But the night Do not see that ta ni ku whispered Night whispers to you U ? expand or expands or sad Joy to sadness It expands and expands soak or drip happy dream Dream Dream a dream June servant You are my Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream But the night Can not you see ta ki expands instead argue Night hugging But the night Do not see that ta ni ku whispered Night whispers to you Expand or expands U or sad Joy to sadness It expands and expands soak or drip happy dream Dream Dream a dream June servant You are my Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream dream Dream Dream a dream June servant You are my Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream dream Dream Dream a dream June servant You are my Dream you Kei expands u ma Meet in a dream
