 = = = = = = = = = bneil4434 = = = = = = = = = In the distant future , or will probably be the distant past - Mankind explores the galaxy for possible planets to establish human colonization , and to seek a better life . Forced to flee a ravaged Earth , humans have now depleted resources from the farthest corners of the galaxy . Despite this , humans still plan to return to what is still called home - Earth . As 500 billion humans Compete for the right to live on Earth , their beloved planet has now become the most valued and precious resource of all . Because of this , battle has raged for many years across the galaxy , and has eventually develop into a bloody war campaign called " The Homecoming War . " In order to mediate the formation of human warfare , a corrupt governing body called " The Gaia Coalition " governs the human race across the different galaxies . Extending their grasp , the Gaia Coalition created " The Gaia Sanctions , " which prevented man to ever enter the Holy Land again . This case sealed off the Earth . Today , humanity is now living in an era of infinite regret . As far as memory can serve , there has been multiple , initiated raids against the oppressors of Earth - By a man .. Who constantly travels throughout the unknown abyss of the universe - Whose famed , immortal body has battled , and led others through 100 years of cosmic pirate ship attacks against evil and tyranny - Whose name is - - " I always hesitate to wonder that - as long as there is hope , is that what 's making us move forward ? " " There is no doubt we are convinced of that . " Bei Luda town has all the right to withdraw from action . This planet also finished .. But this is not the end we humans had planned . And it 's not the end until I 'm finished ... It 's the Immigration Boat ! That is no Immigration Boat ... That 's vibration from a ... Battleship ! " So what do we need ? " " Do we need to rely on the too young and reckless ? " The Arcadia .. Fast ! Hurry ! Hurry up , run this way ! The universe that 's in view is a vast expanse of human civilization - only offering a short glimpse of fleeting glory . And this glorious moment is but encountered by another glorious moment . It is not so simple that this should occur . Either way , going forward leads to everything one desires . After barely learning to go beyond the optical method of learning , we already know - that humans have a desperate solitude when confronted with despair . I heard that you needed to replenish the crew with new members ! No . Just one person is needed . What is the prize for coming aboard this ship ? A name of honor ? ... Money ? ... Freedom . Name ? Yama Just do not forget the words spoken . This is a good sign of the journey to come . Prepare to sail ! Members . Advance to positions . Newcomers take care of preparations . No , let Firefly . Why me ? You saved his butt , you saved his responsibilities . Humans have a recession Hey , hurry up and get moving ! Even moving forward was an empty task . Nothing will change .. Still the man will ask why ... Why ? ... But also still continue to move forward . Sensors indicate enemy found Switching to MX201 tracking The reaction detected appeared to confirm the increase in activity Sound the alarm ! Come on ... Object has exceeded the second cosmic velocity 120 seconds to our ship 's and the objects intersection " Dark energy " confirmed " Shadow of Death " Classification of ship - Level 4 No .. Is it the Arcadia ? Captain ... Harlock Let me at the helm The Captain is coming to operate the ship Cheer up ! Hey do not get in the way This is a big enemy , do they have patrol boats ? I , um ... What ! ? What is it that you do ? Army cannon Then find an empty gun seat Target ahead ! Tia DS class ship - 1 Aircraft carrier initiated departure " Alpha Commander " was launched to combat each fleet fighter Alpha Leader : Be advised that the targeted pirates enemy warships have scattered gas Pirates aboard an aircraft carrier ? Bomb the targets in sequence . From the top , over the rapid decline Come on fighters let ' s attack the front end of the target ! What ? So fast ... Genuine ghost ship for sure . Who is behind gun # 13 ? The newcomer Ahh , Well two down . Target began to flee back at 180 degrees No. 6 and No. 8 bomb propulsion mouth down 12 % Captain ! Signal confirmation to the F111 ? Little ones ! To the Bayonet charge onrush ! Hurry , hurry to the hangar deck ! Do not dawdle Bayonets ! Gravity anchors have been locked Hurry up ! Party time Don 't move Retinal embedded detection machine It hurts ... ah You will get used to it in 4-5 minutes Someone finally sneaked into the - - ah oh do not be silly .. Saved Do not defect newcomer ! The bridge has been repressed , hurry Firefly Being processed Wait . Why are you - Wearing a suit of armor ? ... Gravity anchor lift is completed Begin advancing the ship to normal navigation From now on , the universe is our domain We 've returned to the harvest - Returned in full Throw off pursuit of the joint military Start the Dark Matter organs Skip into " the hop " count Understand ! Full orders , Dark Matter agency is ready to start MX report on the Universal patrol fleet Contact with a patrol ship Arcadia ? No . F111 sneak operation Combat is being implemented according to plan That thing - Soon it will be found There is no such thing , as that same Harlock A man who experienced 100 years of betraying the Gaia Sanctions We must rid ourselves of him Allow me full control of the Gaia Fleet The ever strong worker - Do you realize the strength of it ? Yes Isola Total Commander is very grateful for your loyalty It is my honor We will be awaiting your good news Is your younger brother Yama an employee here ? Yes . Training was too explicit ? In this case no I will not be too young to serve as , Gaia Fleet commander If there is no coincidence that the words - Will one day set us on the road to become the bar for others to shoot for ... Luck can also be regarded as an ally Nami Why Isola Why put that task to the Amazon ... I am satisfied with it Force had decided he was the guy " Time for the Executive Fighting Meeting " I know I 'm not interested in the army I want to be like my mother , a plant Observer The system - is equipped with self-repair On that point , the degrees are completely nothing Beyond this point , well .. Life from Dark Matter organs availability is infinite Inbound readiness for supplies , such a troublesome thing This ship is totally unnecessary Who is the Dark Matter authority ? That .. ah 100 years ago , according to The Homecoming War legacy The lost alien civilization - " Nibelungen " family developed a perpetual motion machine That principle is something I do not know much of Will use this thing , which the Nibelungen family is one of the last She was the only contact with civilized alien life Mutual understanding would be very difficult you see You can ask Mr.Taran Is it true that our Captain is more than 100 years old ? Heroes stories .. ah Do not continue to explore that story There are many who have a criminal record These are people like you I ... We are very disappointed ah Gaiyagaiya , go back to what 's in front of the Earth Human lives are lived bleak If you were born in this era You cannot make people do things they do not like to do Isn 't that right ? Due to the sound vibrations reported There 's nothing particularly unusual yet Well although there is no problem Well what do they clearly show ? Where are they hidden ? The Central Computer Room A sacred right Friends ah Soon enough Our long journey ... Not here The hour has come Under the decision it Why did you let him board ? You know it will end badly Like any other .. Miracle ? If you say that you will feel funny I just ... Watched him " Gramm " eighth planet galaxy Tuka Jia - Block 99 Its mounted on the planet Block 99 ... Refers to the dimensional vibrating bullet Humans have tried to abandon this colonial planet This surely would be more dangerous than usual work - Who would volunteer ? Who ? Nobody yet ? I will ... Not you ... Regardless of rank , everyone has to start somewhere 10 minutes then report to " hangar deck . " Why sign up ? To survive aboard this ship you need - Only luck and metrics And And also the best performance in front of the Captain Speaking of that dimension , where is it ? You will know immediately Visual camouflage ! Dimensional vibrating bullet ... Said the first 99 Where are we going to set up this kind of thing ? Are we to carry out terrorist actions ? Do not ask unnecessary things Set coordinates of latitude 32 degrees 7 minutes Longitude 126 degrees 4 minutes Jim Dahl highlands , east of the Wye valley , at the southern end Mark Rees Coordinate confirmed Begin decline now Now enter the settings Note the corrosive gases - They are high-pressure corrosive gases and will blow up Implementation of operating restrictions in one hour Hurry and complete the job Kane is best , more than those who do not know what to do You don 't seem to know where biologists studied Then ? Before explaining the delirious I 'm almost delirious So start over Start over ? Regardless of where to look in the universe ... in addition to the Earth they do not let humans identify with a home planet Everyone wants to go home .. However , due to Gaia Sanctions They made the Earth out to be holy and cannot be disturbed We lost our home No way , ah , then we all go back to Earth on a flat tire But everyone says that human life will soon come to an end Scattered everywhere in the Galaxy Like a resurgence of the same At least the last time we did not want to do in their own planet 's life Method .. Back to the distant past - Days of human life on Earth How ? " Junction point " in time to unlock the harness " ... When the node " Somewhere in this universe where there 's a place and time , gaps are connected then released , then - Can be liberated from the shackles of causality for the universe from a continuous flow of time among exemption But do this with great energy because the gap throughout the universe needs to end ... At one untied That is .. If we now deployed these in 98 of the universes And the remaining 2 million vibration seating bombs detonated simultaneously all the words - Will be able to unlock the " time of the end point . " This is now the Captain of the school and sell this is the purpose of the bombs But if you do not understand it Go over it again with me I believe the Captain .. Anyway I do not want this outcome - so lonely to die altogether ... Just what is that I never heard anything coming .. Hurry ! Get back . How is it going ? Something is wrong , but I can 't tell what . Damn .. You okay ? Yea .. I 'm fine Let me go , I want to go back Do not be a fool ! Do you want to die ? It was my fault he fell in There are high-pressure spray corrosive gases You will also get hit If this continues ... He 's really unlucky .. How .. Captain They 're withered The trees too ? But how are they all .. This method can only make flowers bloom on Earth Mars is rooted in his heart , like his mother ' s Yama Stop it . Do not go to crazy ! Brother ! Brother Do not come over Do not come You 're like this . Because of me So - I told my brother What can I do ? Be my legs .. Instead of me - Walking and running into battle That is your Retribution Captain ! The geyser is about to erupt ! ... is also very reactive ... No cut - dimensional vibrating bullet manually forced out Why ? You would have found it , I was Gaia Fleet As long as you are on the Arcadia ... You are my subordinate That is a stupid ideal My task is to regain dimensional vibrating bullet .. ... And kill you ... This is something that you want to do ? The likelihood of survival in a task you give yourself is less than one ten thousandth of the duty - Even if none of the praise finished - Such orders would be foolish .. People only have one command - That is your own Have you not restored communication ? ! Each radio frequency I try has no answer ! I still cannot confirm whether or not they will or have survived It 's all the Newcomers fault ! Any one of us encountered the same thing Our Captain would do that for any of us . Captain .. If you 're gone , we 'll ... It is not because I like doing this ... It is not . You seek freedom .. You said this as you first boarded the Arcadia for sign-ups . That is - if what you say is true - and if the fight and their cause are true in your heart - if that still holds true - Then shoot .. If yes , then you might be able to kill me .. The judges wanted to give you 23 / 25 Forget it . You get a 25 - being able to return home safely like that Their cause still true .. Fighting So , the first 99 are deployed Finally , on the basis of Galaxy coordinates Silver dispersion of galaxies longitude - 0 degrees , galactic latitude - 0 degrees Our Home Earth Earth Earth Earth There is a sign that The Arcadia is actually coming toward the solar system They are finally coming But , our scouts have not contacted you yet ? How do you know .. Communication was interrupted Do not let those pirates close to Earth ! These are inviolable areas Please allow me the use of ' Kaleido Star ' system I will knockout the Arcadia Kaleido Star system ? The use of a neutron star 's collapse will instantly produce concentrated light energy to use . Which will be set against them Indeed , but it is in the sole possession of the provincial resource management However , if before Harlock 's dimensional vibration bomb is detonated ... For the guy who thinks he can possess the power of the dimensional vibrating bullet - 417.5 00 : 42 : 23,440 - - 00 : 42 : 25,390 and its " junction point of time " to unlock the end .. Well , It is not easily utilized Just use the " Kaleido Star " system , and we will have victory The universe will be blown astray Employees engaged in the end .. * scoffs * employees .. The decision is his Total Lordships You are allowed use of Kaleido Star system Exhaust all means to stop him ! Even better , it disrupted communications and the Amazon also ... Always will there be a more prepared battle plan So you just intend to abandon him ? So do you hate the him ? Gaia Sanctions Command The Gaia Coalition gave the order to all of the Gaia Fleet warships - Set sail Repeat : Entire fleet set sail Warships moored in order to lift the beam All the ships set Sail Mode Systems to ON After reaching the last of the coordinates in the fleet Gejian start the " destroy " organ After 45 minutes into the high-speed optical furnace , charging will be completed Skipping ahead " Oceanus " configuration coordinate positioning is completed I was the backbone of the fleet commander under Lu Wali According to the orders of your commander Isola The whole fleet proceeded into battle formations In Skip This command will start the battle .. You give the order .. We will now engaged absolute defense line number against the Arcadia in the solar system Combat start ! Understand Fleet Gejian and " jumped " coordinate links Skipout Pluto , the solar system absolute coordinate defensive line area outside of the system is ready Start the ship , and the reckoning Friends - This is the final voyage of the .. I 'm Confused - By now they should be here Alert ! There are approaching enemy fleet Most of the enemy are in front , at a confirmed distance of about 36,000 leagues The formation of the absolute solar system is defensive line ready Also , there is a rack of enemy ships behind the main fleet 0.24 is the rapid-quasi-proximity of the speed of light It 's a strong attack Fight the battle roundabout , and by surprise ? Full speed ahead on both sides Break them Understand Dark Matter organ maximum output Full fare war guns ready Distribution and air weapons systems , activate Shooting Mode It is really a grand welcome Arcadia signal is still ahead They appear to be heading to the front of the solar system 's absolute central line of defense Seemingly ready to force a breakthrough Confirmed that Dark Matter shield has been launched Each ship in the gun range ; concentrate fire on the Arcadia Waiting for you to issue the command to attack Wait Wait a little while longer - Brother .. NOW ! Whole fleet : Begin the attack ! Our own crossfire is hitting us ! Stop shelling ! Stop shelling ! Stop for one 's own sake ! Emergency situation confirmed A hologram ? Alternate plans Visual confirmation of the Arcadia appears to be on the outside ring of Saturn Commander Good . 2nd Fleet - Hop to them Entities within a radius of 7400 leagues a total of 136 enemy units Very close Exposed yet The enemy did not seem so stupid at first Yama Communication from the Arcadia : Use the " Gaia Fleet " password Connection established Brother So you really are still alive Please leave the Gaia Fleet Harlock ' s purpose is not to destroy the universe It was a one-sided proposition veterans Be able to understand and talk Do you want I ' m very disappointed Disconnected Brother Deploy " Kaleido Star " system The moveable neutron destroyed Converting it into a powerful source of energy .. As long as its massive photon energy is concentrated at a point , then Even the Arcadia 's number will be up 2nd Fleet 84-93 Expand on both sides of the Arcadia Use the light to dispel darkness One hundred years ago as today , the souls grew dark with elimination Outside of the fleet at our 4 o 'clock appeared a powerful gravitational field What ? It is very large Estimated that quality is unlike anything seen before Critical light Irradiate Debris is propagating quickly Front Shield is at maximum output Critical light gradually silence Alert ! Damage to vessel caused by debris impact Cannot use remote sensing due to intense electromagnetic interference Approximately 120 seconds after resumption I need a fast optical observations confirmation on the Arcadia 's location ! We 're using full telephoto-global-scan resolved spectroscopy as quickly as possible Did not find any sign of the Arcadia Sir Has it disappeared ? ... Reaction of star stabilized Is that also a holographic projection ... What gall he has to pull such a trick in this close of a battle Arcadia identified right on top of us ! What ? It is too late to turn the battleship around Heavy cruiser " Nei Lede " is completely sunk " Ares " also suffered heavy losses Emergency renumbering the existing warships for re-formation No detected gravitational perturbations from the Arcadia . They have disappeared into the shadows It 's coming - Arcadia detected to the ... . Yama 97 % of the fleet warships are out Only 17 warships including " Oceanus " can continue sailing Everyone brace for impact ! Hold on ! Brother abandon . It is useless to resist Gaia Fleet flagship inspires a look awkward for this pair - How about abandoning it ? No need As long as we 're towing " Oceanus " - We can make Gaia Sanctions know that we have this thing as well as hostages What skill , ah Thanks to you brother So what all have joint fleet operations told you - that you should not know ? It is Nami Do not blame her I wanted to take a gamble with Harlock Humans can start over again by harnessing the " end point " in the open Thus we have ... Start over ? You do not understand anything About to enter the field of the inviolable Earth After a lapse of 100 years Our hometown is also a " junction point " in the Earth Here it , we , can start over However , the dimensional vibrating bullet has to be installed on the ground - In this way the Earth will not screw it up The Captain decided to do this He certainly considered all options Harlock lied to you Soon to enter the field of the inviolability Well , you will just have to use your own eyes to confirm it .. What 's that ? Holographic projection - It is fake right ? But , in the end .. - Harlock committed a great sin The blue surface is actually a holographic projection satellite illusion ? Captain 100 years ago Scattered throughout the human universe - Earth revolves around the return to war .. The Homecoming War 622 00 : 57 : 19,490 - - 00 : 57 : 22,230 Tired men play a tragic game , where there is no winners Obey the Gaia Sanctions teachings if you want to end the war The Earth is " holy " Regardless of what people are on this planet , it cannot be violated At that time , the Earth as the guards of an elite Gaia Fleet Harlock 's fleet was led by the Shadow of Death Harlock ? Equipped with a " Shadow of Death " and Dark Matter organ , he directed 4 warships .. a simple armada The resurrection of the lost alien civilizations was a job for Gaia Fleet 's technical staff - In which , Harlock was the only friend He told us the impending doom of our family , and lent a hand to rescue us from our demise So we Provided our heritage As Harlock continued to defend the Earth But Immigrants of Gaia Sanctions cadres to politicians of planets That was in exchange for peace .. Beautiful words cannot end the war - But This man launched a revolt . Earth as the only shrine So convinced was Harlock to begin the fighting He hated Gaia Sanctions betrayal Toshiro Gaia Sanctions also hated that guy ' s betrayal Toshiro Cornered , Harlock Issued an open Dark Matter command It was the use of that Dark Matter which covered the Earth , then ... Inviolability of the Earth will become real And that is how dangerous things ... At that time should be blocked ... But Harlock desired the contrary ... Dark Matter covered the Earth itself The Earth is mercilessly and hopelessly devoured All things were to come to an end - everyone thinks so But ... The man woke up - Not as we know Harlock .. The cursed pirate but as Dark Matter possessed ... After the end of the fifth year of war - the Gaia Sanctions headquarters archive 100 million vibrations and set away after the bombs Harlock disappeared That purpose ... If an " end point " in " Nibelungen " theory of family control and the spread of the words holds true - Gaia Sanctions have come to the conclusion That the man ... Cannot bear the burden wanted to end all evil Yama What would you do ? When the " junction point " ... if untied .. ahh What will become of the universe ? This infinitely large soap bubble called the universe has a node , which acts like a cork .. If you pull the plug , then Everything will return to " Nothing " Then again , everything will be reborn What is important to the ... So this is it ? ! There is no other way ... What is human ? After all the history of the universe , we appear only as a light moment - Whether in the sense that there exists a god - it still exists over the meaning of us humans .. Humans who also cannot simply disappear and convey a realization that people will again target the Earth , and cause it ultimate harm . This is what humans give back to Earth that gave birth to all . Do we want to return back to that era of ignorance - Back to that thought in which humans believe they hold infinite time to do as they wish - time that the Earth has none of ? " Do it all over " Earth is to say Gave me a ship , a cursed ship And it may not even want to die too willingly - I was able to bring balance ... Just not the kind of thing ! That was ... If it was as you say , we would storm the Captain to retrieve dead on the streets and in the bars That kind of ... Firefly Erection dimensional vibrating bullet How ? Harlock Accept all of the words as truth - Harness the will you have to survive Mi America How ... how ? We have to stay away from the Earth what 's going on ? Friends ah Even you have betrayed me now " Oceanus " traction stance has been lifted ... They are in the mechanical room ! All prisoners have swarmed to it How ? Give me a fast report ! Emergency compartment closed ! Why do the captives have weapons ? ! Do not allow them to enter the bridge ! You guys ! Firefly said before it rather than be mediocre , it is better to die ... Everyone is the same .. Maybe someone looking forward to the end of this But This is Your answer yet Vain talk You are immortal Not ... Things can kill Also remaining in the body WAN named : Wanted S-OO999 Harlock As a violation of Article 62 of the Planet Combined Method of Flagrante Delicto I arrest you now The next report , in the broadcast - Gaia Sanctions announced the news 100-year - old fugitive hinder , our peaceful sinner Cosmic Pirate Captain Harlock and his staff of 40 people have been personally arrested by Gaia Fleet . You are to remain here to continue to be monitored Brother Nami ... That 's my wife Why did you betray me ? Forget ? Do you know something from the previous ? Your heart is only the Amazon .. You do not know it , or where it hides Would you like me to respond to your gentleness ? You want to eliminate hatred ? If you won 't say something nice , then .. AHH ! You look at me - in your own way Who put you into this ? The look of the thing is ... But you have to ... Why is ... Now realize Let your pain know is not because of the Amazon I ... To be honest I Always loved the Amazon Shut up and do not say anything ! I Never loved you .. Enough ! Never ! Stop it ! I lied to you I am sorry Isola Nami ... My favorite is here And - It is most like you Idiot ... Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! It 's a relic In order to communicate with you the army invaded the network For that reason it seems we have a life support system malfunction with her .. It is a pity - A lie is what it is ... Isola ! You put her ... ! Look Yama This is the only planet that will open flowers for you - Your mother 's flowers They turned out to be so strong , to bloom beautifully , proudly .. I reluctantly persuaded Isola to let me cultivate in this greenhouse I hope you will see it once the flower has matured . Although they hated you , no matter what a person is carrying Just let yourself know your pain If it 's active , then You really want to fight it - But then Isola has been at my side always . His gentleness made me feel at ease . I personally prefer Isola . So please , do not blame yourself . Someday when you become an important person - Remember to look at me .. We are a family .. Very weak you are , I expected as much . Today at noon - will mark your death by execution . We will then see the source of your immortality . Dark Matter then organ failure , then that curse you are given will break .. So , Why not a personal hell ? Could it be that you really think you can re-do it again ? Even you know that it is unreal I also have had to rely on that to be the case ... No matter who is right - I bless you , so you - may obtain Freedom . At 12 o 'clock noon in the near future , the Pirate Captain Harlock gang will be subjected to accept the merciful gift of death rituals . The communications network between Galaxy live and to you from Gaia sanctions so that it may be broadcasted . Now I am afraid that many adults have seated to hear the Total Official . Our Unique Gaia . " Order and peace " " Order and peace " Our Hometown - Our , Mother Earth - Gaia .. To spread out in four children in this universe - may they shine forever . All the kids are asleep . Until that day . Even if ... they are fantastic as ... really long-winded garbage We are the dregs . You guys really know it too . What did you say ? ! Stop it Ugly . What is it ? Obviously we are not in the place for that . That place is just on the boat is not it ? You miss it . What ? Miss you and your favorite Captain . Sad you can 't die together . And the Amazon say the same thing , The worst of the people are those - that are not qualified to complain . You also . Me too . Are just desperate for the Captain to make it somehow . Execution is the former . Guard ship in full exit ! Repeat : Guard ship in full exit ! Hey , they have made retreat commands . What 's with that guy ? A total field collapse has begun to take shape - maintain the singularity barriers to start Osmotic pressure maintained by quantum-gravity-diverse state . Space collapse rate steadily rising to the predetermined area . Space collapse rate has broken through the critical point . Retreat pressure Breakthrough properties shortly after physical boundaries Execution 10 seconds in counting : Inhalation unit has exploded ! Massive Gauge damage Dark energy overflow ! Out ! What are you doing ? I was wrong . Good you figured that out by now . Not only is my Gaia Sanctions wrong also - Harlock was also wrong . Descend to Earth and see . You will surely understand then . There are things you will want to see . We 'll do you believe this guy ? Have something to say after we get out of here - the guards will soon come . We need to escape off this ship . Hey you really believe him huh ? Stay here then if you want to die . Come on . So mean . Switch to the screen inside the ship . Yes ! This is how you handle these things ? Rebel groups .. It was hampered execution .. Fast termination broadcast Dispose of them ! Obeyed . Full Armored Equipment Some people do not obliterate all the leftover Arcadia . This is what we get out of the boat ! We need your help to make the ship fly . Captain fight it ! Did not you say this ship is unable to move ? Hurry ! Stand up Captain ! You may indeed take mankind ' s hometown - but you gave us shelter - in that ship . For us there is no place else to go back to .. Harlock ! Please take a look . This flower is .. .. Earth open .. Hey how the .. There are signs of a rebirth of the Earth - now is the beginning , not of the end . Even if we destroy the flower ... Fertility is present in our world No matter how many times you can revive it - even humans have a certain chance ... to repeat the moment ... to live forever This is " Freedom " My Friends The dark energy is continuing to amplify The Arcadia has been able to restore energy Is my fleet gone ? What is their escape route ? In this direction , the Pass . Here the field is non - invasive Turned out to be Earth ? Mobilize all forces fighting in the solar system ! Prevent the Arcadia to be anywhere near the Earth ! We also went to join the Oceanus . Restoration is not yet complete . I don 't care . The Dynamics can be started . Yes , sir ! Amazing ship turned himself moving up ... The purpose of the coordinates of the Earth Could it be the " end point " ? Yes , Yatta Lan . Intrusive Gaia Sanctions are in an exchange network between Galaxies . Hyperspace Communications should be able to communicate simultaneously between the universe From now on the ship will exclude its hologram of satellite Earth . In order to convey the truth to the whole universe , we need to do this . Yama You must convey to the people - he real attitude of the Earth . Hop-over there ! Very close to the Arcadia , just materialize halfway between them and Earth . Predict the distance . From here , they will never expect an attack . Prepare the ship for combat ! Lots of ships have been identified . The aim is satellite hologram ! Do not let the succeed in this fight ! Yes Yatta Lan , not good ! Well , if it 's so simple ! The purpose of the satellite is the hologram ! Do not let them succeed ! Central portside hull armor plate has been shot Yes Yatta Lan ! Good ! Well ! Coming ! Come come come come come ! ! Established communications network connection between Gaia Sanction - Invasive success ! Haha Yama ... We are going to get hit ! This is the Arcadia . To all the people on Earth , I hope you do not look away from the screen . Now that this image is in your eyes , you now know the Gaia Sanctions want to hide the truth . The real attitude of the Earth is one of beauty and should not be blemished because of past wars Take a look at our Beautiful planet , We are in charge of this broadcast , so it can 't be stopped . But ... I hope you do not despair . Earth is still alive The land of the dead can be brought to life again . True , this is an extremely fragile moment of life But certainly more than this We can repeat the moment forever . Do not rely on a Dream Do not escape the truth that is meant to be accepted . We can take our first real step We are not alone Even if the race is dead Life will continue still Only looked ahead Until the last second All life In their body Will be there forever ! Really stupid In this situation the order of the universe will collapse The sooner the better , then the Arcadia will stop living ! Do not panic Initiate the " Jupiter Fluctuations Gun " expropriation permit Jupiter Fluctuations Gun ? With this , The Homecoming War ends Although the mission ' s ultimate weapon is not completed But the goal is still the same . To eradicate the Arcadia in Earth 's orbit , then Earth will ... Our holy places are our own Beautiful blue planet Truth does not need a balance . It is absolute Please wait ! Your Total Lordship ! Retreat your army Isola Hostile ship are retreating .. How is it so ? Gaia Fleet is torn , they want to give up now ! Right Wait ! One lone ship is approaching ... Is " Oceanus " ! Isola This ship is made to withstand shock ! Prepare for impact ! Why are they cramping us ? Anchor shot ! Tie us to the enemy ! Bayonet charge ? Ehe ? Thank goodness ! Our forte ! Firefly can you go ? This is not your style at the moment ... Yatta Lan ! I will no longer escape ! ! Isola Where are you ? Get out of the way ! Rail loop electromagnetic poles are booted up . Jupiter 's rotation speed has increased in relation to its body To change the shooting situation - We need centrifugal free transition to be applied to the excited state of atmospheric plasma . Jupiter Fluctuations Gun 's run rate of 60 % Rotation rate is still rising Jupiter is becoming gradually deformed ... There are 180 seconds from the moment of critical output The Oceanus and Arcadia 's stalemate cannot be decided Should I go on ... ? Never mind For a number of proposals Do not despair The savior is prepared to do what it will with you Yama Where are you Isola Even a beloved woman cannot save you Save mankind ? ! Joke ! 1100 01 : 33 : 41,650 - - 01 : 33 : 42,680 I got you now . You are too naive Say what you want of my mother flowers On the impermanence of things it still represents very little hope But the flower ... Bloomed ! Too late ! If you feel like that , then did you let Nami die huh ? I was just testing That was from the Jupiter Beam shot .. Will Arcadia sign-up along with the Earth to play with it ? You ... Captain , Go ! Mi America something please Protect the Earth Only you still have until the end , therefore I am not completely in control . Well it seems as if the tests are already doing good After the start of The Homecoming War 1120 01 : 37 : 07,790 - - 01 : 37 : 09,490 This is no way to do it Error correction point quickly ! Set the second high-speed plasma body extract at 95 % We are achieving the quality reference value Ultimately inhibit the force field to lift ! Open ! Hyperspace monetary is connected to the target domain of the universe Aimed at the Arcadia - Lock Automatic tracking setup is complete By the way , this is the last one of the shots ever There are enough words to mirage these actions - After all , our life is not endless Harlock That 's it Sorry Mi America For you ... All right already I 'm not lonely in life or death It is always been destined that the life I have be cut . Do you understand ? Dark Matter organ .. Fully open .. Now I can die .. This is how it ends .. As the Arcadia moved ? Earth separated from the rays look " Oceanus " Isola .. To allow the Earth to avoid the rays It broke into the Arcadia ... Why ? I wanted to see Nami 's flowers Ah ... really beautiful Brother ... Brother ! Earth is recovering People will once again be the star attraction Before another Homecoming War happens again Should I unlock " the node " yet ? All of the Dark Matter has been released It is also possible it all may be lost as well Shoot it ? If necessary , It is inherited from Nami and Isola ! Ah ... this is like People make mistakes at a time when it truly matters Feel free to spend this Curse and terror Repeat again when the moment calls .. As long as there are humans , it will call again . The symbol of Captain Harlock will also ... Have to continue to exist Forever ... Planetary Joint Army : " This is the Planetary Joint Army " Planetary Joint Army : " Both our positions mark the end of the battle " Planetary Joint Army : " The ship is advised to quickly surrender " Planetary Joint Army : " And quickly handover the ship survivors " Planetary Joint Army : " Rapid lifting of the arms indicates your surrender " Planetary Joint Army : " No response is deemed a hostile action , with the intent not to surrender " Planetary Joint Army : " If no surrender is seen , we will start attacking again " I am the offered woman ; Yongming Harlock And Arcadia syngeneic Total dead - Unknown Arcadia Forward ! " The recession of man " " There is nowhere to go but forward , received now as we were then .. " " What has not changed " " But why must it rest within one man ? " " Why only forward ? " Recall that day Just the thought of another day Why are we on this end How did we end up this way What we 've done What did we do wrong ? God ah God Despite the rush hour flow to Even though the days go on That day has long gone So far so far away from I still feel fresh in our memory It seems so close Always makes me like shoulder the burden Always weighing on my shoulder Extraordinary moment A time like no other That day changed everything It all changed on that day Grief and endless pain Sadness and so much pain You can feel my sorrow You can touch the sorrow here I do not know what to blame I don 't know what to blame Just watched repeatedly in the side I just watch and watch again Even if the flow of time to rush Even though the days go on That day has long gone So far so far away from I still feel fresh in our memory It seems so close Even if the flow of time to rush Even though the days go on That day has long gone So far so far away from I still feel fresh in our memory It seems so close It is what is left What did it leave behind ? And from here we take and erase what What did it take from us and wash away ? Maybe a long way It may be long But as long as we re ' heart ' start But with our hearts start a new Keep the faith and never give up And keep it up and not give up And head forward With our heads held high You have entered hell and come back again You have seen hell and made it back again How to forget ? We cannot forget How to forget ? We can 't forget Along those lost souls The lives that were lost along the way Later , you will realize that no matter where And then you realize that wherever you go Both to the security of There you are Waits for no man Time won 't stop So we never stop So we keep moving on Last night turned into light Yesterday 's night turns to light Nights return to light Tomorrow 's night returns to light To become the light Be the light Always makes me like shoulder the burden Always weighing on my shoulder Extraordinary moment A time like no other That day changed everything It all changed on that day Grief and endless pain Sadness and so much pain Anyone can close your eyes Anyone can close their eyes Pretend everything goes smoothly Pretend that nothing is wrong Open your eyes Open your eyes To find the light And look for light That day what is left What did it leave behind ? And from here we take and erase what What did it take from us and wash away ? Maybe a long way It may be long But as long as we re ' heart ' start But with our hearts start a new Keep the faith and never give up And keep it up and not give up And head forward With our heads held high You have entered hell and come back again You have seen hell and made it back again How to forget ? We cannot forget How to forget ? We can 't forget Along those lost souls The lives that were lost along the way Later , you will realize that no matter where And then you realize that wherever you go Both to the security of There you are Waits for no man Time won 't stop So we never stop So we keep moving on Last night turned into light Yesterday 's night turns to light Tonight reconciled light Tomorrow 's night returns to light To become the light Be the light Some days as superficial Some days just pass by But some day memorable And some days are unforgettable We cannot choose the answer We can 't choose the reason why But we can choice tomorrow But we can choose what to do from the day after So let us hope that this firm which full determination So with that hope , with that determination Will create a brighter tomorrow and beautiful Let 's make tomorrow a brighter and better day = = = = = = = = bneil4434 = = = = = = = =
