 This is Monster Week . Only on Animal Planet . As a scientist , I was never a believer of conspiracy theories . I believe al-Qaeda was responsible for the 9 / 11 attacks . I believe we 've landed on the moon . And I believe Oswald shot JFK . Okay . Yeah , to believe our government covered up these events requires proof . A conspiracy theory , like any theory , needs proof . So that 's the first question I 'd ask me . " Where 's your proof ? " In 1997 , scientists from NOAA recorded a sound in the deep pacific . It 's thought to be organic in nature and has never been identified . It 's called the bloop . In the early 2000s , it was proved that the navy ... beached whales while testing sonar weapons . For years , the navy denied that they ... were responsible for these beachings . These are facts . And in some of the incidents , there were reports of ... something else washing up with the whales . In 2004 , two boys were the first to arrive ... on a mass whale beaching in Washington state . They captured it on a cellphone . The boys claim they saw something that day . They , they claim they saw a body . And they went on record claiming that they saw a body . That official record was later changed , and the navy took the remains of what the boys found . I know this because I was part of the team investigating ... that beaching and what the navy did that day , and I believe I know what it is that they took . Moclips beach , Washington state , April 4 , 2004 . The site of the largest mass whale beaching in united states history . A Seattle-based research team from the National ... Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ... is quickly on the scene to investigate the cause of the mass beaching . Heading the research was respected Marine Biologist Dr. Brian McCormick . In 2000 , McCormick had published a landmark study that linked ... mass whale beachings to experimental navy sonar-weapons testing . It led to the program 's suspension that same year . Dr. McCormick and his team suspected that the navy ... had begun operating their sonar once more . Now two members of that team have agreed ... to speak on camera for the first time ... about what they claim the navy discovered but has never disclosed . I remember looking out over the dunes , and the scale was incredible . I 'd never seen anything like it . My name 's Paul Robertson . I was a research assistant with Dr. McCormick , working at NOAA for several years by then . By the time we got there , the wind was so bad ... that it had driven everyone else off the beach , and a storm was coming in , so it was just us and the navy . They 'd cordoned off a section of beach , and there were guys in hazmat suits . It could have been biologists or medical staff . We weren 't sure , but that got our attention . Brian was one of the first scientists to draw a connection ... between the mass beachings and navy sonar use . He was the most experienced in these events , but even he had never seen anything like this before . I 'm Rebecca Davis . I was a field biologist at NOAA . I was working in the marine-mammals division ... before I joined Dr. McCormick 's lab in 1999 . Blood was visible coming from the ears of the whales . We had never seen that before , where every whale was bleeding from the ears . This meant that they had all suffered some kind of major internal trauma . We took multiple organ tissue samples and we were going ... to study those under the microscope to determine cause of death . We packed up as quickly as we could . but Brian wouldn 't leave . He wanted to get as many samples as he could because ... he wanted to know what the Navy was doing out there . After the Navy left , we went down to where they 'd been working , and none of the animals had been cut open . They hadn 't been autopsied . We had no idea what they would be doing down there . In prior beachings where the navy was implicated , the NOAA team found whales that had died from suffocation injuries . It is believed the loud sound of the navy 's ... sonar scared the whales into the shallows , where they stranded themselves . Without water to support their massive weight , the whales ' internal organs collapsed , slowly suffocating them . That 's what the NOAA team expected to find in the autopsy remains . Signs of internal-organ collapse . They found something else instead . When we looked at the samples , We expected to see evidence of trauma . The bleeding from the ears indicated as much . What we were not prepared for was the extent . The internal organs hadn 't collapsed . What we were seeing was consistent with blunt force trauma . There were circular lesions on the samples . Clear evidence of damage . And these were in every sample that we 'd taken . Brian had an immediate theory ... infrasound . Very powerful ultra-low-frequency sound waves that could ... theoretically be weaponized and potentially be used to devastating effect . They would slam into living tissue with incredible speed and incredible force . Those slides showed evidence of catastrophic impact injury . Impact injury that we believed was caused by a new kind of navy sonar , a sonic blast that did more than just scare whales into the shallows . This sonar seemed to kill them . Well , Brian realized that we didn 't need the tissue to test our theory . We have ... NOAA has ... these arrays that record audio , marine life , seismic activity . And one of these buoys was very close by . So we know it was likely that we had recorded the whole event . The sonar blast , the whale reactions , everything . Well , first there was the sound of the whale vocalizations , which we expected . And then there was what we now understand ... to be the priming of the sonar weapon . And then there was a moment of silence . And this proved to be the calm before the storm , because then it was " bam ! " It was pretty awful to listen to . Brian was so preoccupied with cataloging this sonic ... blast that he almost missed what else was there . There was another sound on the recording , an animal call , and we realized that this was a bloop signature , the same creature that NOAA had recorded back in 1997 . But in this case , our recording was much longer . It was the most complex , intricate animal call I 'd ever heard . And we had no idea what had made the sound . All we knew was that a creature that had only been ... Heard once in human history had just resurfaced . I 've seen the footage that was supposedly taken in Beaufort . I don 't know if that particular video is real or not . It doesn 't really matter . The navy keeps a tight grip on all classified information . But even they 've come to realize that no matter what they do to prevent it , there will be occasional leaks . And when there is a leak , they 've learned how to control it . It 's no surprise that the Beaufort video was immediately branded a fake . The navy tells us it 's not real , so it 's not real . Whenever a leak happens , the military has a way of using its influence ... to make the general public believe what they want them to believe . What I can tell you is that I 've seen a creature in the navy 's possession . We took it after the first test in Washington state . I was on the beach that day , but we weren 't the first ones there . In the months following the stranding in Washington state , the NOAA team responded to a sharp increase ... in mass beachings along both American coasts . Similar mass-beaching events were being reported all over the globe . Rescuers are racing against the clock , trying to save nearly ... 200 pilot whales that beached themselves in southern Australia Monday . ( Speaking Japanese ) Six bottlenose dolphins also beached themselves , something scientists say is very uncommon . This is the fourth incident of its kind in recent months in the same ... part of southern Australia , and scientists really don 't know why it 's happening . This was happening all over the world . So now we 're following beachings elsewhere . We alerted marine agencies to what we discovered with the sonar blasts . And we begin hearing about other things ... reports of bodies washing up with the whales , rumors of something else washing up with them . And in every case , there was always authorities on hand to control the scene . But at the time , we just wanted to stop the beachings from ever happening again . In some of these events , not only were there ... reports of bodies being found , but something else . These had been reported before . Not bodies ... but spears . For years , deep-sea fishermen all over the world have found them . Found them in fish . Caught in the open ocean . German news archives contain an interview with a fisherman ... who had his own experience with this strange phenomenon . We petitioned the department of defense for information , and we sought injunctions against the navy , but it didn 't get us anywhere . The navy claimed that they were merely studying the anomalies , that they weren 't the cause of them . We continued to build profiles of these events , and we went over the one thing we did have , which was the recording . We listened to and analyzed this recording i don 't know how many times . And we made comparisons with whales and dolphins . But this thing , to our ears , sounded much more intricate , much more advanced . And we thought we had a reasonable chance to crack the code . But it was still beyond us . We needed help . My name is Dr. Rodney Webster . I 'm currently at the university of south Florida . I specialize in animal communications . I focus mainly on the field of cetacean vocalizations ... dolphins and whales . A lot of what i do in my work is I search for signifiers , which are , you know , particular sounds to which you can attach meaning or a mood . You and I would refer to them as words . So they 're words for dolphins . What 's so interesting about the 2004 recording is that I could identify ... literally hundreds of signifiers and arrange these into recognizable patterns . We had not gathered this kind of information in the ... previous 30 years of studying dolphins and whales . But that wasn 't all that Dr. Webster found in their recording . I noticed that there were some pitch changes ... in the bloop at certain parts of the recording , so I ran a spectrogram analysis of the data and in ... the frequencies that were above the range of human hearing ... and this is what I found . This is it at original speed with the whale sounds removed . I then slowed the recording down into the range of human hearing . Here it is at 1 / 3 of its original speed . Multiple individuals , literally thousands of different signifiers . At least a half-dozen individual voice prints . So ... what you see here is language . They 're talking to one another . What animal could possibly have a language so complex , so sophisticated ? Our theory was this was a new species of dolphin . But there 's another theory we should have considered sooner ... the aquatic ape theory . It 's a theory about us , really , about where we come from . And I know it 's always been controversial , but now I think there 's really something to it . Why are we so different from other terrestrial animals ? According to the theory , it 's because there was a time ... when early humans spent much of their lives in the sea . And the traits that make us so different from ... other land animals are a legacy from this period . We can control our breathing , like marine mammals , and hold our breath longer than any other land animal . The human record for breath holding is nearly 20 minutes . That 's almost as long as a dolphin can dive . Compared to our closest relatives , the apes , we have a much more flexible spine . And we have partial webbing between our fingers and toes that they don 't have . These are features for an aquatic environment . Why have them unless to help us swim ? And human babies hold their breath underwater automatically . They instinctively know how to swim , whereas a baby chimp or gorilla would drown . And unlike other apes , we shed our hair . Hair creates drag in water . And we have a thick layer of insulating fat that keeps us warm in water . The only other animals born with as thick ... a fat layer are exclusively marine mammals . Some humans are so well-adapted for life underwater ... that they still hunt at the bottom of the sea , walking across the ocean floor . The Moken people of Southeast Asia ... can contract their pupils at will to control for water distortion . They actually see underwater as clearly as if they were wearing a mask . And in some places in the world , humans are still so proficient in the water . That they can catch fish without hooks or nets . All these adaptations for life in the water , but we lack adaptations that are commonplace in other land animals . We shed salty tears and sweat . Salt and water are valuable resources . Other land animals have efficient ways of conserving them . We don 't . Why ? Because part of our evolution took place in the sea . Now , this is all theoretical , but the land-to-sea transition has happened before . It 's documented science . Orcas have evolved from a wolf-like ancestor millions of years ago , and there are more recent examples . 150,000 years ago , a fractional amount of evolutionary time , a group of brown bears split from the rest of their line . They evolved into a new species . They became polar bears . Polar bears are capable of holding their breath ... for minutes at a time underwater . They 've even developed webbing in their front paws to help them swim . They are currently , before our eyes , evolving into marine mammals . And if this is happening to polar bears now , why couldn 't this have happened to the human ... line at some point in our evolution ? Could we be descended from a group of apes ... that were once becoming marine mammals ? Some scientists believe our ancestors left the forest for the sea . But what pulled them here ? What drew them to the water 's edge ? It was food . It is even thought our ability to walk fully upright first evolved here , wading in the shallows where food was easily found . The trees had been our cradle , but now we would be shaped by the sea . Over time , more human ancestors collected along the shoreline . It is even thought that this is where our advanced intelligence began to develop . Brain-building nutrients like iodine and fatty acids ... were abundant in the crustaceans and shellfish that could be gathered here . We were beginning to change , and so was the environment . Earthquakes , volcanic activity along the coast . The east African coast would soon be flooded over by a rising sea . Some of our ancestors pulled inland , retaining some of the features they 'd adapted ... during this aquatic period of their evolution . Others went in a different direction . If our distant ancestors spent time living in the sea , is it possible that one group split off from the rest ? And rather than retreating from the water , did they go deeper in ? We detailed every stranding that followed the Washington state event , trying to establish a pattern of naval involvement . If we could prove that this was a new species being affected , we figured that this might give us leverage , that we could compel the navy to divulge what they 're doing and possibly stop it . We had strong circumstantial evidence , but we would need more . And that 's what the South African beaching gave us . What made this beaching stand out was that our ... South African colleagues had made a recording of their own . Well , we , of course , had heard of the work of Dr. McCormick . we 'd heard the reports linking large-scale beachings to sonic events . And we 'd also heard the rumors that such an event ... may have affected a species as yet unidentified to science . And , of course , we heard of the bloop recording . My name is Dr. Gavin Dittmar . I am the head of acoustic research at the marine biology ... Research Center at the University of Cape Town . We had an underwater array just about a kilometer off the tip of Cape Town . And this was part of a research program ... to monitor whale populations at certain times of the year . That 's why we contacted Dr. McCormick . We now believed that we had found the same thing . When we heard that recording , we immediately ... accepted an invitation to make a research visit . We arrived about 40 hours after the event . And , again , we weren 't the first . Other ... official investigators had already come and gone . The South African beaching was the biggest since the Washington state event . And here again , we were seeing the exact same patterns of sonic trauma . What was different in South Africa was the recording itself . Here we had another bloop signature , the same mystery creature that we recorded . We had the same low-frequency sonic blast . But here , it was what happened before the blast that was revealing . Here was a bloop call similar to the one we recorded . It was obviously the same kind of creature . And this time , there was dolphin chatter on the recording . Not surprising ... dolphins are in these waters , and they get stranded in these events as well . But here , there was communication , back-and-forth communication between our bloop creatures and the dolphins , which made us think , is it a dolphin ? Is it some new species of dolphin ? And from that point on , that 's what we thought we were looking for . To that point , we only had acoustic evidence . But physical evidence . That was the breakthrough that Dr. Dittmar gave us . It 's a great white shark . It 's not the shark . It 's what 's in the shark . It ... It was a mess . And it smelled pretty terrible . There were parts that looked like they might have been from a dolphin , parts that looked like they 're from a seal , but no seal or dolphin we 'd ever encountered . And there were other body parts , too . We had no idea what we were looking at , but we thought , right away , " jackpot . " This was something new . This was a new species . There were puncture marks around the shark 's gills and mouth . And I initially thought these might have been injuries ... sustained when it was gaffed to the side of the boat . but I probed one of them , and I found a stingray barb inside . Now , this could have come from a stingray defending itself . Sharks eat stingrays . Hammerheads do . Tigers do . But not great whites . So I kept the barb . I thought it might be something I could publish in a journal or something . I just thought it was interesting . A million years after entering the sea , the aquatic apes would now be better adapted to their new world . They 've lost most of their hair and can ... hold their breath for minutes at a time . They are still learning how to hunt . They 're learning by observation . Unexpectedly , the dolphins scatter . For now , the aquatic apes must hide , but eventually , they will learn to defend themselves against the dangers present in their new world . You 're watching Monster Week . Only on Animal Planet . The first time the weapon was tested off the coast of Washington , it was a disaster . We were caught off guard completely by the aftermath . The beach hadn 't been secured . It was left wide open to anyone who passed by that morning . Those boys happened to be in the right place at the wrong time . At first , it looked like they were going to be a problem . They refused to recant their initial statement about what they saw . Finally we convinced one of the boys ' mothers ... that they hadn 't seen what they thought they 'd seen . People usually don 't want any trouble when the military is involved . The mother was smart enough to make the boys change their statements . We kept surveillance on the boys , but they weren 't telling their story to anyone . They kept quiet about the entire event . After that first test , we didn 't leave any beaches unsecured again . We weren 't going to let anyone else find anything . We got the body back to the lab , and the condition of the remains was poor . We recovered about 30 % of the body . So it was gonna be difficult to piece together . The first thing we did was to take DNA samples ... to try and establish the genetic makeup . We started by looking at the rib cage , and it appeared to be hinged . A collapsible rib cage is a feature ... of marine mammals who have evolved to dive . The tail fluke was the best preserved . And it looked a lot like a manatee 's . We wondered if maybe that 's what this could be , some relic population or undiscovered relative of this animal . We took an x-ray . There were bones in the tail fluke . Manatees don 't have that . So we 're thinking , " what on earth is this ? " The skull was severely damaged . Half of it was missing . But one important piece that we did have was a partial forehead plate . This contained a hole that was not part of the damage . We presumed it was a blowhole . We made resin casts of the skull fragments and sent them to a forensic expert . Then we looked at the pelvis . There were remains of leg bones . Seals have leg bones , but their thigh bones are short . We could tell that the ones in our specimen were long . So , this thing is not a seal . It 's not a manatee . And although it talks to dolphins , It 's not a dolphin , at least not from what we were seeing . So , what else on earth would be smart enough to communicate with dolphins ? What else is out there ? A creature that once hid in shadows now swims in open sea . They are not alone here . They are bonded with another intelligent being . It is a bond of friendship . For now , they play together . In time , they will hunt together . Their ancestors slept in trees . They now swim through them . Soon their transition would be complete . Like the dolphins , they would belong to the sea . Brian and I tried to make sense of the rest of the parts . we had found a bone that wasn 't part of this animal . It had markings along it , and at the top , it had a little notch carved out . we had no idea what to make of this , so we set it aside for further study . So , I started working on the phalanges . Those are the bones that support the fin or ... flipper structure in a seal or dolphin . It was clear that these bones couldn 't be ... configured into either of those arrangements . We found something else . This animal had been affected by the naval sonar . The NOAA team was now certain the navy was not only affecting whales with their tests , They were also affecting a new species . The creature 's physiology gave deeper insights into its behavior . Although it was damaged in the shark attack , they discovered a large spleen . Large spleens are common features to marine mammals . It stores oxygen during deep dives . It 's like having a built-in scuba tank inside them . The only reason to have this adaptation is to dive deep , to hunt for food . Every time we found something new , a dozen more questions would pop up . Dr. McCormick invited someone else to take a look . The South Africans were taking so long getting the permitting to get the ... material out of the country that Brian flew him in . My specialty is in biomechanics , how animals have adapted different means of locomotion . My name is Dr. Stephen Pearsall . But when I got there , I thought , " Well , what the heck am I doing here , because this is clearly a marine mammal ? " The tail looked like the tail on an animal that you find in the ocean . And it was only when we got the remains under the scanners . That I realized that this was like no tail we had ever seen before . Looking at the hip structure , Dr. Pearsall recognizes something strikingly familiar . With humans , if you look at the top of your hips here , they have this high ridge . and these are called the iliac crests , and they 're designed to support weight . I looked at this creature , and it had similar crests on its hips , and that didn 't make any sense , until I realized ... that we were looking at the scans the wrong way . We were looking at them this way , when , in fact , what we had to do is rotate them . That is when it became clear that this creature once walked on two legs . and there is only one animal that walks upright on two legs , that walks on two feet . And if this thing once stood on two feet , we realized . Hands ! They were hands . Becky 's discovery that this creature had hands , the discovery that this creature ... once walked upright on land like us , because it was one of us that changed everything . That bone had been worked on . It had been carved by hand . At the top , where the notch was , that was meant to hold something , and we found fibrous plant material wrapped around it , which would have been designed to hold it in place . And then I remembered . The stingray barb . This thing fit perfectly in the top of the bone . This was a tool . All those tales of fish found with spears in them , all the fishermen stories of spears found in the open ocean , this is what made them . We have something that makes tools . This thing has figured out how to disarm a stingray , use its spine to kill fish . So they are intelligent hunters , but are they hunted ? How would these creatures have evolved to survive alongside ... the most formidable predators in the ocean ? Land covered in glaciers . Land must seem a cold and foreign place to them now . A lone scout swims ahead of his pod before they make an open-water crossing . The drop-offs that chasm down into dark water are feeding grounds . Whales gather here . And so does the shark that preys on them . Megalodon , a shark as big as a whale , a shark that ate whales . A million and a half years ago , the creatures would have confronted the greatest monster to ever rule the seas . The pod travels with young . They must be protected at all costs . The body was one of the most important anthropological finds , possibly one of the most important scientific discoveries in human history . This was an intelligent toolmaker with grasping hands ... evolved from a primate ancestor , one that walked upright on land like us . If this creature is part of the human family tree , how human is it ? I remember on the drive out to see the complete skull mold , I remember thinking how perfect it was . Here we were , driving through some of the very land ... where our oldest ancestors had been discovered . And now we were about to meet a new one , only this wasn 't an ancestor . This was somebody still out there . My name is Dr. Leanne Visser . I 'm a forensic anthropologist in the department of human evolution . I reconstruct the appearance of an individual ... based on fragments of skull and other bones . A few characteristics immediately stood out . The skull had very large orbits , bigger than any fossil or modern human that I 'd ever reconstructed . The eyes would be quite big . And large eyes are found in animals operating in low light . The next thing I noticed was evidence of a skull ridge . Such skull crests are found in some of our relatives , but not in modern humans . Apes have them . And they are also found in some of our early ancestors . Scanning the reconstructed skull enabled Dr. Visser ... to map the inside of the brain cavity . She discovered that the parts which in humans correspond to ... sound interpretation were greatly enlarged . The opening on the frontal skull fragment Was connected to an extensive series of sinus cavities . The shape and features of the skull ... revealed to us just how elaborate ... the creature 's acoustic capacities really were . The concave shape in the front of the skull indicated that it had a melon . The specialized mass of fatty tissue that ... enables dolphins and other whales to echolocate . It wasn 't a blowhole . This wasn 't used for breathing . It was used to channel sound . The skull reconstruction proved it could do this , that this creature could echolocate . This was the creature that had made the sound . The calls that had never been identified . Echolocation , a form of bio sonar . The ability to emit high-frequency sounds ... that bounce off objects and give the animal ... a mental map of its environment . Sound used to locate food , sound used to ... communicate in the deep blue of the vast ocean . We now had no doubt that this was the animal that had made the bloop . This was the same animal that was on the 1997 bloop recording . This was the same animal that was on the 2004 Washington state recording . And it was the same animal that was on the south African recording , the one that talked to the dolphins . The creatures and the dolphins call to one another , call one another to the hunt , the sardine run . Almost every predator in the ocean will converge ... in a miles-long caravan of migrating fish . But only two will work together . We had ... we had just found a creature of fable . That 's what we were looking at . All of us had been wanting to say it for days , probably weeks . but it ... scientists aren 't supposed to believe in fairy tales . And what we were looking at ... was a mermaid . Monster Week continuous next . Only on Animal Planet . If the Beaufort footage is real , then it 's not the one we took off the beach in Washington . That one was in no condition to be transported . I saw what those boys saw . I know what they reported to the navy was accurate . How do you think people would respond ... if they knew we were killing an unknown species that ... was most likely the only surviving relative to humans ? Look at how they continue to react to beached whales . If the public ever saw this creature , there would be an uproar . So I asked myself , how could this thing stay hidden so long ? Then you realize that the surface of the moon ... has been explored more than the deep oceans . And you look at the fact that even to this day , there are still large animals being discovered . There have been two new species of whales discovered in just the past decade . These are 30-foot , 40-foot-long animals . That have never been seen before , never been recorded . Giant animals found for the first time ever in just the past 10 years . So , yeah , it 's possible . It 's still possible to stay hidden . But , of course , this animal we found had been recorded before . We have no record . We have no scientific record of them . But there 's another record . We know them . We 've known them all along . The accounts have been told by sailors the world over . The seafaring Greeks described them , as did the Vikings , as did the Chinese during their great period of maritime exploration . They were recorded in medieval manuscripts and even into the 19th century ... when captains of whaling vessels spotted them swimming with pods of whales . Cultures from different continents , people that had no contact with one another , but all of them have stories describing the same mythic creature . Could it be these stories are more than myth ? They were recorded in the logs of the voyages ... of both Christopher Columbus and henry Hudson , who witnessed humanoid creatures with pale , speckled bellies , dark-blue backs , and paddle-shaped tails . Could these be accurate descriptions of what they saw ? Could other historical evidence provide new insight , like these 16th-century Italian drawings . Once thought to be depictions of a human medical anomaly ? These sketches may now tell a very different story . Even today , accounts still emerge , like this hastily shot video captured in 2005 off the Adriatic coast . This most recent sighting comes from deep-sea fishermen . The most ancient can be found ... in a desert left behind by a departed sea . These sandstone caves once looked out over a tidal bay some 30,000 years ago . The water has receded , but the memory of the people who lived there remains , recorded in ancient paintings that cover the cave walls . Archeologists believe these may be among ... the oldest mythic images ever made by man . Are they the projected dreams of early fishermen , imagining themselves with tails , swimming out to catch fish with spears and nets ? Or are they something else ? Early humans fought savagely over hunting and fishing grounds . Force was used against rival tribes and against any ... other competitive threat to a valuable food source . Could that be what these paintings depict ? Could these paintings be a record of mankind 's conflict with creatures that are now relegated to myth ? Did we drive them into extinction ? Or did we drive them into hiding ? If they persisted ... if they survived ... they must have hidden somewhere . But where ? We knew what they had . We knew what they had before they knew what they had . We 'd been trailing McCormick 's NOAA team since 2004 . We followed them to South Africa . We knew what they found was the same species we 'd taken off that beach . They had evidence that would bring down the operation . They had physical evidence that could stop us . Do you think we were gonna let that happen ? But they were advancing our research , so we let them continue ... for a while . By that point , we had . We had concluded in South Africa , and we were preparing the evidence to travel back to the states . But the permitting ... once again , the South Africans were being difficult about ... getting permits to get the evidence out of the country . We should have known , at that point , what was gonna happen . It 's hard to remember it all now . It 's hard to remember how excited we were . But the reason I 've agreed to do this is because I think It 'll help . Becky and I believe that . Brian , however , is a bit more cynical . I think he doesn 't have that kind of faith . And I don 't blame him , certainly not after what happened . What the hell 's going on here ? Where did you get this from ? Get your hands off me ! You can 't do this ! I tried to restrain Brian . Then after that , I tried to pick him up for weeks . But he was just devastated . We all were . The police confiscated everything . All the lab tests , all of the files . The skull reconstruction we 'd brought back , and they took the body . Well , I 've certainly never seen anything like it before , and I 've worked here for 20 years . This was unprecedented . This was not some normal police raid . This was a slick operation . They came early in the morning , when I knew no one would be around . They had all the rights documentation . " Confiscation of a discovery ... of national importance " . I mean , I 've never heard of that before . We knew who did it . I mean , we all know who was really behind it . The tests , the sonar tests . We prove this , and they have to stop the testing . They have to acknowledge that they have a sonar weapon . And who knows what else they 'd have to acknowledge ? All that we had left , the only thing that we had left that they ... hadn 't seized were the bloop recordings . They couldn 't take those . Those were already a matter of public record . We were so focused on everything that we 'd lost , that the government had taken , that we didn 't realize ... that everything we needed was in those recordings . The recordings would prove to be everything . A shallow coastal lagoon in the southern hemisphere , where the creatures retreat to warm , protected waters , Where a species in decline still clings on . When we got back to the states , we were in shock . We couldn 't stay in South Africa . We had our visas revoked . And when we got back to Washington , we lodged several protests with the American and South African governments . The South Africans eventually did respond . The DNA samples that they had confiscated ... from the university lab where they were being processed . They shared those with us . Because the DNA readings that came back were so close to human DNA , the lab that did the tests claimed that ... they had been contaminated with human DNA . " How else , " they said , " could the genetic profiles have been so similar ? " They discredited the results ... and they destroyed the samples . The feeling was like something out of Orwell . This was big brother . They were rewriting history , Basically writing this creature out of existence . And the question I ask myself is why ? Are they protecting their testing ? Are they ... are they keeping the creatures for themselves ? Are they testing the creatures ? We don 't know . We still don 't know . All we had now was time . We just kept poring over it . The beachings with reports of bodies washing up on shore ... where local officials had closed off areas , and in some cases , reportedly , with the help of American officers in civilian clothes . We kept thinking back to the beaching that happened ... right here in Washington , that naval medical team . We had thought they were analyzing their tests on whales , but now we had a slightly different theory . We tracked down the kids that had made the original report , and the navy had spent a lot of time with these kids . They had even visited them at home . and they had convinced the kids ... that what they had seen was actually a seal , a seal that had decomposed , and that 's why it looked strange . The boy had drawn a picture of what he saw . Now , nobody outside of the scientists we work with or the ... government officials that had confiscated our materials ... could have known what the skull reconstruction looked like . But this kid had a drawing of what he had seen . And it was a match . He had seen the same thing . And that 's not all we saw . The boys ' mom agreed to show it to us . They hadn 't shown it to anybody . The navy had not thought to check the kid 's camera phone . Now , that 's not the first time the ... military 's gotten caught by a camera phone , but back then , most people didn 't even have them . I doubt the investigating officer even bothered to check it . This kid had kept it . He 'd kept it all that time . The first time I watched the video , I remember feeling a chill , and not from the shock of seeing it alive , But I remember thinking about the moments before the sonar blast , that this creature didn 't stand a chance . The mermaids travel with whales . They migrate from warm southern waters , where , like the whales , they give birth to their young . Now they make their way to the northern feeding grounds . Whales offer protection from orcas and open-ocean sharks , and females with young can draft off them , Conserving energy as they swim up the long length of the pacific coast . The deep ocean has been their last hiding place , but now , even here , there 's no refuge . And whales cannot protect them from the new threats that are gathering . They swim through a stretch of water in the Pacific Northwest . U.S. navy ships were also there that day . What happened to them next , was captured on NOAA audio recordings . We never found another living one ... at least , not during my tenure with the navy . When I resigned , we weren 't even sure if there were any left to be found . The creature we pulled off the beach in Washington state died in 2007 . We kept it alive as long as we could . I know what I did was wrong . I knew it was wrong while I was doing it , and I have to live with that . My only hope now is that , by coming forward , it might help protect any of them that are still out there . We knew that they were washing up with the whales . What we found was that the beachings were happening along migratory routes . They didn 't just associate with the whales . They migrated with them . We were gonna try to make contact . We knew we were in the right vicinity when we saw the whales . And we started the recording , and we waited to see if there was anything out there . There was something out there . Brian was certain he saw something . And I 'm pretty sure I saw something , too . We ... our activities were being observed . I mean , this was big brother . And anything we would have recorded that day ... we weren 't gonna be able to keep . We were not gonna get the story out that way . Brian was the first to leave the Agency . Paul and I left NOAA not long after that . I haven 't spoken to Brian since he left . I believe he thinks that the only way to save them is to find them . But I don 't think that anymore . And I don 't think Paul does , either . Brian had become consumed , and he 'll ... follow that call to the ends of the earth . And he may very well find them . I know he 's still looking . After that day , for me , I 'm not sure I can help . And I 'm not even so sure we should try . I started thinking of them as fellow beings . And the last time We lived alongside a ... fellow human species was Neanderthals . We displaced them . Some scientists think we actively hunted them , that we devoured their very existence . It 's the same thing . What we did on land to one of our own , We 'll do in the sea . We 're not so good at coexistence . Sometimes other responsibilities supersede science . My only goal is that the Navy stop their sonar testing , that court inquiries open into their activities ... that then lead to court orders to stop it . Mermaids have persisted only because they can hide . And I hope they stay that way . I hope they stay hidden . I don 't want to hunt them anymore because ... they don 't want to be found . Well , forget what we 're claiming , forget the recordings that remain , forget the sworn affidavits from other scientists , and forget our own cultural references of mermaids . There is another culture that remembers them . Nature doesn 't lie , so look to nature . There are a few places left on earth where ... wild dolphins will hunt with fishermen . They 'll actually help humans catch fish . This happens ... in Brazil , in coastal west Africa , in Southeast Asia . Fishermen go down to the edge of the water and into the shallows . They 're calling them . They call in the dolphins , wild dolphins from the sea . And the dolphins answer the call ... by driving in schools of fish towards shore . Then the fishermen encircle the fish schools ... and all the dolphins with their nets . The dolphins don 't panic . They stay entirely calm . They know that the fishermen will let them out ... as they pull the nets tight . They let the dolphins out before they pull the fish ashore . And then the dolphins wait in the shallows , bobbing with anticipation in the water as the fishermen give them their share . They toss fish to the dolphins to eat . They divide the catch , essentially . Dolphins and people split the spoils . They share the fish they caught together . Cooperation between two animals of two different environments . There is nothing else like this on earth . And nobody knows how it began , how this partnership started . It 's one of the great mysteries of the oceans . How this partnership between people and dolphins evolved . How could people teach dolphins to do this ? Well , We didn 't . We didn 't teach dolphins to do this . They taught us . And I think that they learned it from someone else . We are not the only culture with a memory of mermaids . Subtitles - Kilo
