 Sealed vaults , believed to be cursed ... There seems to be a bizarre magical power that hides behind that door . Mysterious relics under guard from above . As they approach , the skies open up and the gods intervene . and riches so great , it has cost men their lives . People have died over this . This is for real . On every continent , there are stories of incredible treasures that have been lost for centuries ... but how have these vast fortunes remained hidden for so long ? Is it possible that the world 's greatest lost treasures have a connection ... to otherworldly beings ? Man has always been fascinated with ancient treasures ... the gold , the silver , the jewels ... but in other cases , it can be technology of the extraterrestrial gods themselves . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might the proof lie hidden with the Treasures of the Gods ? Qumran . The West Bank . It was here , between 1947 and 1956 , that the Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered ... Religious writings that include the earliest known surviving manuscripts of works from the Hebrew Bible . But one of the Dead Sea Scrolls , found in Cave 3 , was much different from the rest . Known as the Copper Scroll , it is the only scroll that is not parchment or papyrus . The first translation of the Copper Scroll was probably done by John Allegro in 1956 , and he immediately realized that it was a list of treasure ; buried treasure . The Copper Scroll is possibly the greatest treasure map in human history . It gives us 64 locations where a treasure that is worth potentially $ 2 billion could be found . People assume that these 64 items of treasure had to have been buried or come from Jerusalem , because there clearly were references to temple-type treasure . A number of very intrepid explorers have tried to find the treasure , but no one has been successful yet . It has not been discovered in Jerusalem . Does the vast treasure described in the Copper Scroll remain buried in Jerusalem to this day ? Or is it possible that it has remained hidden for all these years because it 's actually buried in another part of the world ? Metallurgist and treasure hunter Robert Feather has spent years studying the Copper Scroll , and believes that the treasure isn 't that of the Israelites . As a metallurgist , the first thing I kind of noticed was , you don 't measure gold in kilograms , which is what they were doing . So I looked at it again , and interspersed amongst the ancient Hebrew letters were Greek letters ... 14 Greek letters ... and also the weight terms were Egyptian . And it 's engraved on highly pure copper , 99.9 % . I began to research it and realized the only place that you could find copper of that purity was in Egypt . After examining the Copper Scroll from every angle , Robert came to the conclusion that the treasure does not lie in Jerusalem , but over 600 miles southwest in Egypt . When you start to analyze the phraseology , you get things like , which is " great river . " There 's no great river near Jerusalem or in Judea at that time at all . The only great river , and it 's always referred to in those same terms is the Nile . But most compelling of all Robert 's finds was a name he found hidden within the text of the Copper Scroll . I took the first ten Greek letters and put them together , and read the name Akhenaten . And I came to the conclusion the Copper Scroll was talking about Amarna , the capitol city of Pharaoh Akhenaten . Is it possible that the famous treasure of the Copper Scroll ... millions of dollars in gold and silver . is really hidden , not in Jerusalem , but somewhere in Amarna , Egypt ? And if Robert Feather 's analysis of the scroll is correct , why is there a connection to Akhenaten ? Akhenaten was known historically , uh , or rather through modern history , as the heretical pharaoh . Akhenaten banishes multiple gods , and declares that there is only one god , Aten , and the Aten is the sun disc . Ancient astronaut theorists contend that Aten was not merely a symbolic deity , but based on something Akhenaten actually witnessed in the sky . Akhenaten and other Atenists are seen worshipping this special disc of the sun that is reaching down to touch them . And you have to wonder if this sun disc isn 't a representative of some kind of alien spaceship or flying saucer . Prior to Akhenaten , the pharaoh was one of the gods , but not god incarnate . Akhenaten changes this . With Akhenaten , he is the living god , in a way that no pharaoh had been before . Akhenaten was a very interesting fellow because of the way he looked . He had a very bizarre face , with an elongated skull ... with a spindly body , sort of a potbelly , and chicken legs , and so some have proposed that Akhenaten himself might have been an extraterrestrial . Is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists contend , that Akhenaten was actually an extraterrestrial being ? Curiously , much like the treasure written of in the Copper Scroll , the fate of Akhenaten remains shrouded in mystery . There was a concerted effort to eliminate Akhenaten . His name was stricken , carved out of the temple walls . The Amarna heresy , as it was known , had to be completely deleted from the Egyptian record . In 1932 , when British archaeologist John Pendlebury excavated Akhenaten 's tomb , he found no evidence that Akhenaten had ever been buried there . Some speculate the final resting place of the pharaoh was in a tomb in the Valley of the Kings : Tomb 55 . However , recent archeological evidence has led others to suggest the body found in this tomb belongs to someone else . Most Egyptologists would agree that the body found in this tomb is not Akhenaten . Akhenaten just disappeared . But had we had his tomb survive , for example , one would imagine that the treasures , the wealth would have been probably equivalent , if not more , than Tutenkhamun 's tomb . One of the great mysteries of ancient Egypt is where the body of Akhenaten is . If they could find his body , it might reveal that he was , in fact , part extraterrestrial and that this is why he looked as he did . Could the treasure locations given on the Copper Scroll also lead to the mummy of the heretic pharaoh ? And if Akhenaten truly had alien origins ... as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ... might this treasure hold some value to beings from beyond our world ? According to author Zecharia Sitchin , Sumerian texts suggest ancient humans were made to mine gold for their gods ... gods who were , in fact , extraterrestrials . Many ancient cultures were in the pursuit of finding precious gold and silver and jewels . They always did this under the premise that they were gathering it for their gods . It 's very possible that , just like we have from the ancient Sumerian texts , man was actually created to mine the gold and precious jewels for the gods . Zecharia Sitchin speculates that gold is absolutely necessary for the people of the 12th planet , who we often think of as the extraterrestrials who visit us as gods . Gold has also proven to be a valuable element for space travel . Gold 's highly conductive , and obviously you would probably have a lot of electrical-based equipment on your ship . Gold also has great thermal properties . It 's incredibly easy to work with . You can make it very thin . So I think the properties of gold really make it very useful for interstellar travel . Might our ancestors have secreted away vast caches of gold upon the orders of extraterrestrial gods ? Or if the treasure described in the Copper Scroll is truly buried in Amarna , hidden with the mummy of Akhenaten , is it possible that once it is found , it will reveal something even more valuable than just gold and silver ? Could the treasure be buried with some type of alien technology ? I think the Copper Scroll will lead to much more than just the simple finding of material treasure . The more I immerse myself in the subject , the more I realize that it opens up a whole panoply of truths that are far more important than mere gold and silver . Once the code is finally cracked , will the Copper Scroll lead us to evidence that aliens visited Earth in the distant past ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and believe that , not far from where the Copper Scroll was found , a treasure of even greater significance is still waiting to be uncovered . Temple Mount . Jerusalem . Summer 2013 . Just 164 feet from the Temple Mount 's southern wall , archeologist Dr. Eilat Mazar makes a stunning discovery an inscribed earthenware jug that dates back 3,000 years ... to the time of King Solomon . The discovery may confirm what many historians have suggested ... that Solomon 's Temple once stood at this exact location . In addition to the historical significance , the find intrigues treasure hunters , as it may indicate that other , much more valuable relics may also lie buried at Temple Mount . Solomon 's Temple was built in the 10th century BC by the great king of Israel , Solomon , and it was built initially to house the Ark of the Covenant . According to the Hebrew Bible , Solomon 's Temple was constructed upon direct orders from God . Although it is best known for having housed the Ark of the Covenant , and possibly even the Holy Grail , some treasure hunters believe another relic of profound historical significance may lie buried at the site ... a relic that ancient astronaut theorists claim is of extraterrestrial origin ... Solomon 's Ring . One of the lesser known great treasures of history is Solomon 's Ring . It is said that this ring had the name of God engraved upon it in a very secret and cryptic way . The ring was representative of the authority from beyond this world . The wielder of that ring would be able to compel any and all who recognized that source of extraterrestrial power to do whatever he wished . In the Islamic records , the Ring of Solomon was given to him by angels . It gave him magical powers . Through this ring he could control the jinn , or genies . According to both the Quran and the Hebrew Talmud , Solomon 's Ring also aided him in constructing the temple itself . Somehow this ring gave him the power to control otherworldly beings , for want of a better term ... demons , you can call them genies . Or you can call them extraterrestrials . Solomon was in need of a higher technology in order to build his temple . He knew that he had to contact Asmoday , later known by the Greek name Asmodeus , who is the head of the " daemons . " With this ring , clearly not of human origins , Asmoday was hereby compelled and required to provide for Solomon whatever he needed to fulfill the building of the Temple of God . So Asmoday gave to Solomon something called a shamir . Now , the shamir is described in traditional literature as this little worm that you put on the stone and it would cut it The shamir was a , quote-unquote , " worm " that could cut and drill through even the hardest of stones rather with ease . What if this shamir was some type of laser-cutting device ? Is it possible that Solomon possessed an extraterrestrial device wielding incredible power ... power that gave its bearer control and command of otherworldly beings ? And if so , might this explain the mystery surrounding the disappearance of Solomon 's Ring ? Solomon 's Ring , like many of the other temple treasures , like the Ark of the Covenant , were considered too hot to handle by average human beings . These things were concealed when the time was made proper . In 586 BC , the first temple , Solomon 's Temple , was destroyed ... sacked by Nebuchadnezzar , the Babylonian king . One theory holds that the most fabulous treasure we can almost conceive of ... gold , silver , the Ark of the Covenant , possibly Solomon 's Ring ... are buried in a secret chamber beneath the Temple Mount . Could the Ring of Solomon , like the Ark of the Covenant , have been hidden somewhere under Temple Mount for hundreds of years ? Or has it been discovered and secreted away to another location ? In 1867 , British Army engineers map the vaults under the temple ruins and discover pointed arches with keystones after the Gothic style . Archeologists would later discover artifacts , including a sword , a spur , a lance , and a small cross ... all of which belonged to the 12th century warrior monks known as the Knights Templar . Originally formed in 1118 AD to protect pilgrims traveling to Jerusalem , the Knights Templar were based at Temple Mount . During their time in Jerusalem , the group of warrior monks rose from relative obscurity to being the most powerful order of the Crusades . By 1139 , the pope makes them answerable to nobody except himself . When you look at ancient biblical histories ... and I do treat them as histories ... basically the Ark of the Covenant and Solomon 's Ring are the two most powerful weapons in the Bible , and the possession of either one of those would have made their order , the Knights Templar , virtually invincible . Did the Knights Templar actually find the lost Temple treasures , including Solomon 's Ring ? If so , could they have discovered that the ring really did possess some otherworldly power ? And might that power have led to their untimely end ? On a Friday the 13th , in 1307 , the Knights Templar were rounded up and burned at the stake for heresy . With their demise , did Solomon 's Ring and its otherworldly powers vanish from the Earth forever ? Or might it have been spirited away and hidden with the rest of the purported Templar treasures ? It is said that Solomon imprisoned the demon Asmodeus to protect the treasure in his temple . Later on in the legends of the Knights Templar , we discover that the Templars are communicating with Asmodeus . And to this day , there is a church in the southwest of France , near Rennes Le Chateau , known to be a Templar stronghold , which has a statue of Asmodeus in the front of the church . Was Solomon 's Ring more than just a myth , and will it someday be rediscovered with the rest of the Templar treasure ? And is it possible that this ancient artifact ... along with the treasure of the Copper Scroll could reveal an alien connection in the distant past ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim that yet another long lost treasure with a direct link to extraterrestrials may still lie hidden on the other side of the world . Kanab , Utah . Located on the western Colorado Plateau , this town of less than 4,000 is the site of a treasure hunt that 's been going on for over a century . And what many believe is hidden here among the red rocks and canyons is one of the greatest lost treasures in the world . Something 's buried here that 's very valuable , that cost people their lives . People have died over this . This ain 't no fun and games . This is for real . If you 've ever seen Indiana Jones or National Treasure , that 's fictional , but the treasure that we 're looking after is real , and that 's what all of those movies were based off of , is the truth and history of the ancients . 20 years of investigation and research has us convinced that Montezuma 's treasure is here in Utah . Montezuma 's treasure ? In the American Southwest ? Why would the lost treasure of a culture that existed in Mexico , hundreds of years ago , lie hidden in Utah ? According to legend , the ancestral birthplace of the Aztec people is , in fact , somewhere in this area of the United States . The Aztec mythology says that they came from a land called Aztlán . And this is a city that was apparently in what 's now the American Southwest . Very , very advanced civilization . In the Aztec stories , their homeland of Aztlán was created through an extraordinary event ... an event that , according to ancient astronaut theorists , depicts an encounter with extraterrestrial beings . The Aztec chronicler Gerónimo de Mendieta recorded a very interesting creation myth in which a goddess threw a giant flint knife from the heavens into the Seven Caves of Chicomoztoc , causing the birth of 1,600 gods . Now , imagine for a moment , that you know nothing about high-tech . You 'll use words with which to best describe what you see . And all of a sudden , you have these giant flint knives descending from the sky . So what are we really looking at here ? Could it have been that these 1,600 settlers were , in fact , extraterrestrials who had crash-landed on Earth and then brought their civilization to the indigenous people of that time ? According to the Aztec codices , their ancestors were instructed by the gods to migrate south to Mexico around 1064 AD . Over the course of the next 500 years , they grew to be the greatest empire in North America . But on June 29 , 1520 , King Montezuma II was killed during the Spanish conquest of Mexico , and the Aztec empire came to an end . What happened in the aftermath is debated by historians ... but according to some accounts , the Aztecs gathered as much of their valuables as they could carry and fled to the north . This treasure was spectacular . It was epic . It was hundreds of pounds of gold and silver and priceless objects ... a golden disc the size of a cartwheel , that was shaped like the sun . They needed to get this treasure out to a safe place . And this is the story behind the Aztec exodus , north into what we now know as the American Southwest . The Aztecs are said to have carried tens of thousands of pounds of gold , silver , and priceless relics north in the direction of their ancestral homeland . But why ? Why would the Aztecs travel nearly 2,000 miles , putting both their lives and their treasure at risk , to reach a homeland that they had left over 500 years earlier ? According to their own stories , the Aztecs ' vast treasure was a gift for their most important god . This wealth of the Aztecs was being held in safekeeping for their god , Quetzalcoatl . So it was a sacred treasure . Quetzalcoatl is said to have brought understandings of astronomy and astrology . He is really the father of the Aztec Empire . But we have to ask ourselves , is it possible that Quetzalcoatl was an historical figure and not just a mythological being ? Quetzalcoatl is represented as a feathered serpent , but also he 's represented , he 's a big being , with a helmet , and he 's sitting on a half-open sort of egg . Quetzalcoatl was definitely an extraterrestrial . If Quetzalcoatl really was an alien being , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , could this be further proof of Zecharia Sitchin 's theory that gold is an important commodity to extraterrestrial space travelers ? And might the Aztecs have brought their treasure back to their ancestral homeland in the hopes that Quetzalcoatl would exact vengeance on their enemies ? The purpose of this treasure was to preserve it as tribute for Quetzalcoatl when he returned and helped them , hopefully , eventually vanquish their enemies . What 's really interesting is that as you get into the American Southwest , what you find is that there are Aztec writings , Aztec hieroglyphs and petroglyphs on rocks even as far north as Utah . Perhaps , somewhere , they actually do have these treasures still stored away , still waiting for the day when Quetzalcoatl returns . In the 1950s , four stone tablets ... known as the Peralta Stones ... were discovered near the Superstition Mountains in Arizona . Treasure hunters Paul and Dan Dillman are convinced that the symbols carved on these stones , along with a fifth tablet they discovered in 1982 , will one day lead them to the legendary gold of Montezuma , hidden here in the mountains and canyons of Utah . Check this out . Look at the markings . This is amazing , man . You got an Indian headdress , - you got the sun symbol . - Sun symbol , just like the tablet . Right here , cave . Wavy lines . And the arch , the " T. " Everything 's on here . - It matches the tablet perfect . - Yeah . But if the Dillmans ever do uncover the entrance to the Aztec homeland of Aztlán , and the hiding place of Montezuma 's gold , might they find more than they bargained for ? If Aztlán was founded by an extraterrestrial god , as treasure hunters get closer and closer to perhaps finding the location of Aztlán , do they really want to break that seal ? Because no one really knows what 's behind it , and what the consequences of such a find might actually be to the human race . Is Kanab , Utah , really the hiding place of the lost Aztec treasure ? And if so , when it is found , might it reveal evidence of alien contact in the distant past ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim that more evidence of a connection between the world 's greatest lost treasures and extraterrestrial intervention can be found ... in Greece . Delphi , Greece . Near the Gulf of Corinth , on the slopes of Mount Parnassus , a religious shrine ... known as the Sanctuary of Apollo ... was established sometime before 1200 BC . It was here that the legendary Oracle of Delphi ... a succession of priestesses of Apollo ... prophesized for the people of Greece . According to the Greek author Plutarch , the Oracle would enter a small chamber in the Temple of Apollo , take her seat on a tripod , and inhale sweet-smelling vapors , inducing a trance-like state from which she could communicate with the gods . It was the seat of Apollo 's oracle , so he was the one who provided The priestess is there just as a conduit for it and , in fact , she has no power of her own . So Apollo himself is not going to show up to actually deliver the oracles . He 's on Mount Olympus . He 's with the other Olympian gods . His line is open for ... for questions , but he 's not going to show himself . Lots of people came to visit , looking for answers to questions that they had . And these are people not only in mythology but , in fact , actual people in history coming to visit . If you go to Delphi today , you can see inscriptions of the answers that were given to questions . Although the Oracle made her final prophecy over 1,600 years ago , for many , the Sanctuary of Apollo remains an important site ... because of the buried relics and offerings that may still lie there to this day . But some believe that among these riches lies a much more profound treasure ... an Omphalos stone . In Greek , the word omphalos literally translates to " navel . " And while there were numerous Omphalos stones throughout Greece , the egg-shaped Omphalos stone at Delphi was the most significant . This navel really just represents sort of the center of the Earth . Now , not the center of what we think of as the Earth , but the center as in , the most important place for the Olympian gods . One story is that Zeus sent some birds flying in different directions , and where they met was the Omphalos . That was the naval of the Earth . This is where this oracle would be established . But in addition to marking the center of the Earth for the Olympians , in some ancient Greek accounts , the Omphalos stone was also the source of her prognostications . So , sometimes , the Omphalos stone exerts some power . Sometimes it 's just a vessel for gaseous fumes that get you high and put you in the right mindset to talk to the gods . Sometimes it 's just a stone . If true communication took place between our world and extraterrestrials , which the ancient Greek gods were , then I prefer to think that some type of transmitter was used and only the Oracle knew how to operate it . Why ? Because she was the chosen one . It may be that the Omphalos stone is a depiction of a working technological device that was not made of stone at all . Could the Omphalos really have been a technological device that enabled humans to communicate with extraterrestrials ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and , as proof , they point to the stories of what happened to those who dared to go after the treasure . According to the 2nd century Greek author Pausanias , in 279 BC , the Celtic King Brennus led an attack on Greece with a force of more than 200,000 men , intent on claiming the treasure of Delphi . It is said that the Celts were coming to Delphi in order to steal the treasure . But as they approach and they get close to the Oracle ... the skies open up and the gods intervene . Apollo caused the ground to shake ... fierce storms ... landslides ... finally , a terrible frost . Legends grew that the great treasure was protected . After over 1,500 years of offering divine guidance , the Temple of Apollo was shut down by Roman Emperor Theodosius in 395 AD , and ever since , the fate of the Delphi treasure and the Omphalos has remained a mystery . This was probably one of the most important centers for Greek religion in the ancient world and so , of course , it has got a big old bull 's-eye on it once Christianity starts taking off . And the Omphalos stone , which , if you believe that it was invested with the power that made the oracle work , they would naturally get rid of that . Curiously , a Roman recreation of the Omphalos stone , carved with an intricate net-like pattern , remains in the Museum of Delphi to this day . And there are those that believe the original was not in fact destroyed , but confiscated and hidden away ... at the Vatican . But others believe the Omphalos still lies in Greece ... And in 1936 , the German government funded an excavation of Olympia and Delphi headed by archeologist Hans Schleif , a member of the famous Nazi Ahnenerbe Society . The Nazi Ahnenerbe Society was basically the SS paranormal division . It apparently was the inspiration for films like Raiders of the Lost Ark . And the purpose of it was to find relics and evidence , and possibly weapons from these very advanced Aryan gods who the Nazi 's believed they were directly descended from . The Ahnenerbe expeditions in Delphi were looking for something mysterious , something hidden . Was it just a treasure of gold and jewels , or was it something more ? It may not have been a treasure hunt at all . It may have been an attempt to establish direct communication between the Nazis and the gods . If the Omphalos stone was in fact a piece of ancient alien technology , then their ability to have obtained that could have actually changed the outcome of the war . If the Omphalos stone is indeed a direct line to advanced beings from other worlds , could its power be used for destructive ends ? And if so , is that why it remains hidden to this day ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that there is another extraterrestrial treasure with even more devastating powers ... yet to be found . Kerala , India . 2011 . Police officers with high-powered rifles stand guard at the entrance to the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple ... a sacred Vedic structure dedicated to the Hindu god Vishnu . Under orders from the India Supreme Court , appointees unlock five secret vaults hidden beneath the temple that have been sealed for centuries , and door after door , they unearth giant caches of relics , together valued at nearly $ 22 billion . But when they reach the final chamber ... Chamber B ... it cannot be opened . It has three doors on it . The first one is a kind of a grating metal door , and the second is a heavy wood door . And finally there was a strong iron door that is shut , it 's ... it 's stuck . Among the warning in chamber B , are depictions of cobras a terrifying image . Suggesting that things will happen if you open this . And then the last door has no locks , it hasn 't any latches . According to legend , it was sealed with a mantra . It 's called Astha Naga Bandhana mantra , and no one knows what that mantra is . There seems to be a bizarre curse around whatever is in this room . Anyone who tries to get into the room has all sorts of bad luck or even illness or fatalities . On July 17 , 2011 , just three weeks after the first five chambers were accessed , the person who petitioned the court to force the chambers opened , T. P. Sundara Rajan , came down with a fever and died . The following month , a group of Indian diviners issued a dire warning that opening the final chamber would have deadly consequences for the people involved and for the land . The locals started circulating the rumors that any attempt made by man would cause tremendous harm . We do not know what is in the chamber , and there has been rumors that it contains deadly weapons . But what is it that lies behind the door of Chamber B ? Could it be simply monetary treasure ? Or is it something more profound and dangerous ? Indian texts , such as the Mahabharata , describe gods wielding ancient divine weapons , and waging epic battles in the sky . In the Mahabharata , there is a fierce battle that reads like modern-day science fiction , with references to unknown weaponry : a single projectile charged with all the power in the universe ... an iron thunderbolt ... a gigantic messenger of death , which reduced everything to ashes . Is it possible that Chamber B is the hiding place for the kind of deadly technology described in the vedic texts ? What 's behind it is something special and dangerous . It 's possible that what 's inside of this unopened chamber is some kind of extraterrestrial technology that changed the world . You 're talking about extraterrestrial technology which is not meant to be found , it is not meant to be understood , and it is not meant to be utilized by man . Could Vishnu 's treasures , sealed behind the ironclad door of Chamber B , really be an ancient link to some devastating alien technology ? And if so , might this mysterious treasure , like other so-called ancient lost treasures in Egypt , Greece , Jerusalem , or the American Southwest , be far more valuable ... or perhaps dangerous ... than mere monetary riches ? The buried treasure may not be the reason for our yearning or our searching . It might be the meaning of life . It might be the good life itself . Life is so full of mysteries , and you have to open your eyes . There 's so much to uncover here , so much treasure , and it 's not just gold and silver , it 's knowledge . Man has always been fascinated with ancient treasures and discovering these treasures ... the gold , the silver , the jewels ... but in other cases , it can be technology of the extraterrestrial gods themselves . Could the world 's lost treasures , like those listed on the Copper Scroll , serve as a direct link to our extraterrestrial ancestors , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? And if so , would finding them help us unlock the mysteries of the universe , or lead ... to our own destruction ? Perhaps it 's meant to be a puzzle ... one designed to take centuries to solve . And only after solving it will we know the truth about our alien origins .
