 7x01 - The Bots and the Bees ( alarm wailing ) ( pet chitters ) Professor ( over P.A. ) : Planet Express crew , report to headquarters immediately ! Repeat : What I just said , immediately ! ( whirring ) Sorry , Randy . ( gasps ) Step away from the car and no one gets hurt ! Ow ! To the employment cave ! ( grunts ) Ow ! Oh ! Thanks dear . Off to work . ( yells ) ( hoofbeats galloping ) Hyah ! Hyah ! Whoa , whoa , there , girl . Go on now ! Get on back to Paraguay ! ( bleating ) ( growls ) ( all gasp ) We 're being eaten by a giant spider ! There 's no time for that ! The Professor needs us ! ( engines whirring ) ( clunks ) ( all grunting ) ( gasps ) Whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo ! Crew , as you know , I 've delivered a lot of good news in the past . But what I 'm about to lay down is by far the greatest announcement in the history of Planet Express ! ( excited clamoring ) What is it ? ! I 'm on the edge of my butt ! Ladies and gentlemen , feast your eyes on our amazing new ... soda machine ! ( all cheering ) You undersold it , Professor ! Look , it has Slurm Loco ! It 's the extremiest ! Hey , what can I get y 'all ? Ooh ! Ooh ! Hey , drink machine , what kind of alcoholic sodas you got ? Y 'all can 't drink at work ! This ain 't a sawmill ! No alcohol ? ! ( scoffs ) And you got the nerve to call yourself a beverage machine ? ! I call myself " Bev . " And if you 're looking for a smelly old can of booze , go look in the mirror . - Oh , snap ! - Oh ... ! Now , now , everybody calm down . Yeah , I need one more Slurm . And one more to wash that Slurm taste out of my mouth . So I went to the bathroom and my pee was green . Pretty neat , huh ? I was wondering who Shrekked in the toilet . I hope you 're proud of yourself , Bev . You 've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict . Cut me some slack , preacher . I 'm just a coal grinder 's daughter trying to stay off the pole . With that big ol ' caboose , it 'd have to be a telephone pole ! Hey-oh ! ( laughing ) Well , I guess a fella 's gotta talk big when he 's sportin ' a little shriveled-up antenna like that . What ? ! For your information , " madam , " it 's a grower , not a show-er ! ♪ My antenna 's fine . It 's just fine . Ladies can 't get enough Bender . I need to loosen up . Give me a screwdriver . Hello . Who 's your hot , dumb friend ? - Me ? - Me ? Sure , why not . ( both giggle ) ( both laughing ) Hang on . It 's too bright in here . Call me old-fashioned , but I like a little romance in an orgy . Let me switch off this weird light . Yow ! Fry , it 's 2 : 00 a.m. What are you doing here glowing on my skanks ? Just sitting here turning quarters into urine . We don 't gotta put up with this . We got Poli Sci degrees . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Hang on . I 'll just politely escort him to the gutter . Scram , shiny ! ( grunts ) All right , how we feelin ' ? Hot . I could bake a potato in my cleavage . Yeah , I need a seltzer . ( sighs ) I 'd be honored to purchase you some refreshment . Uh , hey , drink machine , you got anything classy for these delicate flowers ? I ain 't makin ' drinks for no trashy robo-sluts . Trashy ? At least I don 't put out for quarters . ( growls ) ( both gasping ) Hey ! Hey . Stop that , drink machine . Stop it , I say . That 's it , we 're out of here . Come on . We 'll split a blintz . Wait , give me a chance to defend your honor . And then sully it on the couch . All right , I 've been waiting all day for an excuse to hit a lady . You try it , and I 'll bash your face in . Ooh , I 'm so scared , No-Arms . ( grunts ) ( groans , blubbers ) ( both grunting ) You want some of this ? ( both grunting ) ( both moaning ) Ee ! Ah ! - Oh ! Interesting . - Mmm ! Leela : Uh , Fry ? You 're glowing like the Human Torch on prom night . Shouldn 't you be standing on a rocky coast somewhere preventing shipwrecks ? ( all laughing ) Nice , hate me because of the brightness of my skin . ( Bev groaning ) You okay , ma 'am ? I think your soda water broke . ( grunting ) ( baby cryi ) My God ! Bev just had a baby in my cup ! ( all groaning ) - I know , right ? - I better take that . Aw , he 's so cute . Wait . No , he isn 't . He looks like Bender ! ( all gasping ) Oh , no , no , no . No way am I that kid 's Dad ! Wipe my tiny metal ass ! Aw , crap . Mama , thirsty ! Hang on , dumpling . My milk 's coming in . Ugh ! In public ? Aw , biscuits ! I 'm a father ? ! - How did this happen ? - Does this ring a bell ? Are you telling me the stuff we did in private , and also twice on the sidewalk , made a baby robot ? How ? ! Aw , Bender , didn 't your mom ever tell you where robot babies come from ? No . She was a religious fundamentalist . Plus she didn 't have a mouth . It 's an unusual combination . Come on , everyone , let 's take Bender to the teen center to learn about the bots and the bees ! Leela : It 's okay , Bender . No one here will laugh at you for not knowing where robot babies come from . ( all laughing ) ( laughing fades ) We don 't know either . Then prepare to be embarrassed . Narrator : Sex Ed , Volume One , or ... Pants Full of Shame ! Meet Gerald , a maturing young robot . Hey , he looks like me ! His hideous appearance is a by-product of his hardware gearing up for an important mission : reproduction . Oh , boy , oh , boy , oh , boy ! Since factories can 't manufacture enough robots to meet demand , robots can also reproduce by mating . Oh , now you tell me ! First , Gerald must find a female robot . The best he can do is Francine . ( buzzer sounds ) After beer and hot wings at a local gas station , the two enjoy intimate time behind a Dumpster . ( dog barking ) It 's all perfectly natural . Let 's watch , aroused , as Gerald 's antenna uploads a binary file to Francine 's internal drive . Manufacturing specs from each parent are then merged by a randomized algorithm , and the resulting code guides assembly of a new robot . ( blows raspberry ) Yes , everything your body does is perfectly natural . Except masturbation . That 's just wrong . Oh ! I can 't believe I made a kid ! I 'm not ready ! There 's so much of the world I haven 't stolen yet ! Relax , Bender . No one would let you near a child . Bev will get custody , and you 'll be a deadbeat Dad who never even bothers to know his own son . ( sniffles ) : You really think so ? I know so . You 're absolutely horrible in every way . You 're sweet , Leela . ( giggling ) Sorry , Bev , but I ain 't cut out for fatherhood . So here 's my certificate of abandonment drawn up by our notary ! That 'll be ten bucks . Now take your kid and hit the soup line ! ( laughs ) ( sobs ) : Oh , no , you don 't , mister ! Damn baby 's drivin ' me crazy ! ( giggling ) He won 't stop giggling no matter how much I scream at him ! ( sobbing ) There , there . I still got womanly needs ! Who 's gonna look twice at me with this dirty leech hangin ' off my dairy nozzle ? Not me , that 's for sure . Then it 's settled ! He 's all yours , Pappy ! Hey , wait ! You can 't ... ! What ? ! ( crying ) Ah ... Ah ! ( both crying ) ( baby crying ) ( crying fades ) ( soft snoring ) ( sighs ) ( loud crying ) What the ... ? ! Aw , can 't I have one moment to myself ? ! Why can 't you sleep ? I left my window open , and moths got in . I swear , if I wasn 't such a great Dad , I 'd grab his ugly little neck and ... ( grunts ) ( giggles ) Hey , he stopped screaming for a second ! Bend some other stuff ! ( laughs ) ( loud crack , Fry screams ) Ben ' ! Ben ' ! He loves bending , just like me . Aw , I 'm gonna call him Ben ... after the first half of me ... Bender . ( burps ) That 's my bastard ! ( wheel squeaking ) ( grunting and panting ) ( grunting ) ( alarm sounds ) ( giggles ) ( both laughing ) ( gunshots ) Uh , oh ! ( laughing ) Bend it , Daddy ! Bend it like it called you poo-poo-face ! It called me what ? ! ( intense grunting ) Yay ! You bended it like a " petzel . " Okay , now you . ( grunts ) I can 't do it ! Hey , buddy , you 're learning . You 'll get there . Bender , I was wrong . You 're a fine parent , and I want to apolo ... - Leela was wrong ! - Leela was wrong ! - Leela was wrong ! - Leela was wrong ! ( both laughing ) Daddy , how 'd you get so good at bending ? I inherited my arm control software from my mom . That 's how it 's passed down , mother to son . But my mommy had no arms ! Does that mean I can never be a bender ? Well , sure you can ! You just need to get a bending card installed . I hate to crush a boy 's dreams , but what the heck . He has only one expansion slot , and it holds his memory card . This robot will never bend . Don 't tell my son what he can and can 't do ! You may know what 's in his head , but you don 't know what 's in his heart ! - There 's no slot in there either . - I said shut up ! Today marks young Ben 's 13th day of being left on continuously . And so , before the Lord and this congregation , we upgrade him to man-bot . Can I get a mazel tov ? All : Mazel tov ! ( gurgling ) : Mazel tov ! I 'd like to thank the Preacherbot for the introduction and also for not circumcising me again , am I right ? ( scattered chuckles ) Twice was enough . But seriously ... today , I 'm not just a manbot , I 'm the luckiest manbot alive . My mom may have abandoned me , but I have the greatest Dad in the whole universe . He 's patient , he 's not afraid to show his emotions ... Don 't look at me ! ... and someday , if my dreams come true , I 'll be a bender , just like him . You must be so proud of your boy . ( sniffs ) I could take him or leave him . I 'm back for my son ! I 've come to take him and leave with him ! ( congregation gasps ) She beat you to both things . It 's okay , son , mama 's here now . Daddy ! Don 't let her take me ! Get your lack of hands off my boy ! You 're an unfit parent who abandoned her child ! Oh , yeah ? Well , I 'm still less unfitter than you . - Says who ? ! - Says this document you gave me when you tried to abandon Ben first ! ( straining grunt ) It 's genuine . ( all gasping ) That doesn 't prove I 'm an unfit parent ! I was drunk and violent when I signed that ! Well , I 'm drunk and violent now . He 's comin ' with me ! Daddy ... ! ( sobs ) ( sobbing ) : Son ... ! My boy 's gone . All I have left to remember him are these innocent play things we stole together . ( monkey chitters ) ( sniffles ) Fry , put these someplace safe . ( sizzling , monkey shrieks ) ( sobbing ) That 's it , Fry ! For a guy who 's not too bright , you 're too damn bright ! Now , get out ! And don 't come back until someone finds a use for a million-watt idiot ! ( crying ) ( electrical crackling ) Mom , will I ever get to see Dad again ? No , he died yesterday . Rust monsters ate his face . Sweet dreams ! ( whimpering ) ( tapping on glass ) Bender : Psst ! Quit whimpering or you don 't get kidnapped ! Dad ! ( grunts ) ( moaning and whimpering ) Ah ... Come on . Let 's run for it . ( both panting ) ( both moaning ) ( both panting ) What 's going to happen to us now , Dad ? Well , I reckon we 'll just sit around this campfire awhile . - But then what ? - Only a fool plans more than a few centuries ahead , son . ( helicopter blades whirring ) ( both scream ) Url : Freeze , tin woodsmen ! Smitty : You 're under arrest for kidnapping and burning raccoons without a permit ! ( both scream ) ( shouts ) It 's over , Dad . It ain 't over ! I can 't outrun a hovercopter , but I can out-bend it ! ( grunts ) ( grunting continues ) ( Bender screams ) I know ! Let 's outrun it ! Bender : There 's a dam ! - Damn ! - There 's a grate ! - Ben : Great ! - But I can 't bend anything with my arms agonizingly maimed like this . Well , maybe I can ! ( exaggerated gasp ) ( grunts ) You can do it , son . ( grunts ) Yeah , this ain 't gonna happen . Is that even necessary ? I 'm sorry , Daddy . You got nothing to be sorry about . ( whispers ) He 's really a very good father . All right , I got her statement . And a straight up grape soda . ( slurps ) Aw , yeah . I promise things will be different , son . From now on , I 'm chaining you to a radiator . I 'm amazed someone who dispenses such warm soda , could be so coldhearted ! I 'm gonna buy a drink just so I can throw it in your face ! ( gasps ) It 's another soda baby ! ( all gasping ) Damn . You got knocked up by a police officer while he was looking for your kidnapped child ? Sure did ! I still got it . So , now what happens ? Tell you what , you keep the big one . Long as I got a baby to neglect , I 'm happy . Should we call child services ? Nah , let 's just get outta here . ( whooping ) ( whooping ) - Whoo ? - Sorry , Dad . I 'm glad to be back . I 'm just kind of bummed I can 't bend stuff . All I ever wanted was to go to Bending State-Santa Cruz . But that 's never gonna happen . Listen , you need something bent , you come to me , huh , champ ? Damn it , I love that little guy so much ! I 'd sacrifice any four of you if it would help him bend even a little ! There is one way ... but no , it 's too horrible . Nothing 's too horrible for my boy ! Well ... I could install a bending card . But you said he only has one slot ! Correct . I 'd have to remove his memory card . He 'd be able to bend , but he 'd lose all his memories . He wouldn 't even remember who you are . ( grunts ) You sure you want to be a bender , son ? More than anything . Just remember , your Daddy loves you . Remember that , will you , son ? Remember that . ( sobs ) Dad , are you crying ? ( marker squeaks ) No ! I said with the mouth you 're looking at . ( grunts ) ( whistles ) You sure take after your old man ! I never knew my father . ( squeaks ) It 's not important . What is important is that we get you to Bending State-Santa Cruz in time for registration . Then we 'd better hurry ! Registration ends in one hour . To the ship ! ( sighs ) It 's too foggy . We can 't navigate through this storm . Our lights aren 't bright enough . - I 'm sorry I let you down , son . - Who are you again ? It 's just not possible to get you to bending school this year . ( door whooshes open ) Or is there ? ( gulps , exhales ) ( all cheering ) : All right , Fry ! Merry college registration day , everyone ! ( thunder crashes ) ( Fry screams ) ( thunder crashes ) ( screams ) ( both laughing ) ( thunder crashes ) ( Fry screams )
