 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... You were dead for ... Days . I wanted to die . And we should have let you . We gave you a pleasant memory Of a beautiful island . You spent no time at the academy . I didn 't go to your s.H.I.E.L.D. Hogwarts or whatever . And an 0-8-4 is ... ? An object of unknown origin . Kind of like you . Skye 's trying to I.D. The agent That dropped her off at the orphanage . We agreed to protect her from the truth . You have to decide why you 're here . If you can 't put aside your personal attachments , Then you shouldn 't be here . I completely blew the question on von neumann 's entropy . Freaking thermodynamics . [ chuckles ] test 's over , callie . Just let it go . Yeah , that 's easy for you to say . You probably aced it . What you need is a little distraction . This will distract me just fine . All right , well , suit yourself . Whoo ! Come on , callie ! Live a little ! [ laughs ] the water 's great . Woman : What are you waiting for ? You don 't know what you 're missing . Oh . Whoo ! We 've earned this . [ laughs ] [ cracking ] Guys ... Get out . They can 't bust us for coming in here ! What the ... Get out now ! No ! Get it off me ! Aah ! Seth , pull ! I 'm trying ! Aah ! Aah ! I 'm losing feeling in my leg ! Get it off me ! [ grunting ] Aah ! [ breathing heavily ] Simmons : There is nothing more unsettling , Being a part of something so horrible , completely unaware . The cadet could have died . We drew up those concepts years ago . We didn 't know they 'd be applied in that way . Is this the device they found in the frozen pool ? Correction - - the instantly frozen indoor pool . It seems like it was planted in the filter days before , Like someone was waiting for those specific cadets . Well , as far as they can tell , the device Uses a crystalline nucleation process she designed . And a delivery mechanism he invented . That 's why we 're being asked to consult on the investigation . So we 're going to the academy ? Science and technology division . Cadets are pretty shaken up over what happened . Agent weaver asked if you two could speak to the student body About potentiality to calm them down . Of course . The talk . We 've all heard the talk . I haven 't . I guess you will . Well , I 've heard a lot about the academy . I 'm excited to finally see it . Me , too . Never been to sci-tech before . Never ? Huh . The different s.H.I.E.L.D. Academies don 't interact ? [ scoffs ] ward : Not much . Academy of communications does , But they 're the biggest and focused on data analysis . It 's the easiest to get into . Boring . That 's where you 'd be , skye . Thanks . Ward : Operations is the most aggressive program . More people wash out of operations Than the other academies . So which one 's the hardest to get into ? I 'm picking up on the rivalry between sciences and operations . Are you and coulson past all that , Or you gonna help ward steal their mascot ? We 're not going . After we drop you off , Coulson and I have other matters to attend to . [ footsteps depart ] Coulson hasn 't come out of his office in awhile . Do you think he 's all right ? We saw him at a low . It 's not easy for anybody . But coulson 's tough as they come . He 'll be good . Just give him time . And while he takes that time , It 's on us to figure out what 's going on at the academy . Simmons : This was the ssr facility Before s.H.I.E.L.D. Was even founded . " ssr " stands for - - Strategic scientific reserve . Yeah , I know . Is this where you got all your phds ? Oh , no , you need at least one to get through the door . Is science and technology what you imagined , agent ward ? Yep - - no uniforms , no rope course , No defined muscularity on anyone . No marching in place , no I.Q.S in double digits . There they are . So good to see you . You look as lovely as ever . I concur . Thank you . Agent ward . Pleasure to have you , sir . Agent weaver . There 's a list of suspects ? Based on the level of intelligence it would take To put a device together like the one we found , We 've narrowed it down to the top 10 % of our cadets . I 'm worried there 's a bad seed . Ops and sciences have differences , But both have to be careful about what we call " bad seeds , " People who want to use the tools we give them for - - " bad seed " isn 't a s.H.I.E.L.D. Term , ward , Just a term . I know you 've already questioned the victim , But I have a few questions I 'd like to ask him myself . I 'll arrange for you to talk to seth dormer When he 's out of class . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'd like to get agents fitz and simmons settled Into the lecture hall . Skye : Look at them - - the popular kids . Who knew ? I did . Come on . While we have a minute , I think there 's something you 'll want to see . Skye : The wall of valor . Ward : So you 've read about it ? Every s.H.I.E.L.D. Facility has a memorial To the agents lost in the line of duty . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s history can be traced on walls like this . Huh . " bucky " barnes . Puts it in perspective - - what we do . Must make you guys proud - - all this history . Just wish I was a part of it . It 's not self-pity , really . I 'm just saying everyone here has earned this . They deserve it . I hacked my way in - - feels like I cheated . All you need to join is a dedication to the greater good . Coulson saw that in you the moment he met you . May : [ sighs ] You have got to put that away . How can I ? You read it . And you haven 't stopped reading it . I just can 't get my head around it . I remember what happened - - the pain - - But I also remember tahiti . It 's - - What 's in that file - - it 's the truth . Says who ? Director fury . If I hadn 't asked , He 'd have kept it from me , kept me from knowing . And now that you know , you feel better ? Put it away . [ sighs ] You want to tell me why we 're flying to mexico city ? To get your head working on something else . I 've been looking into skye 's past , like you asked , Into the agent who dropped her off At the orphanage . Agent avery . She was killed . But her partner wasn 't . He disappeared . Richard lumley . Went off-grid 23 years ago , day after avery was crossed off . He 's resurfaced ? A few days ago , a mexican teenager Posted a selfie on his facebook page - - Managed to capture our guy Leaving a grocery store in the background . If he 's good enough to avoid s.H.I.E.L.D. All these years , He 'll know . And he 'll be on the move . We have a short window to intercept . He may have killed agent avery . Or wanted to avoid the same fate . Find him , we find out . How long till we touch down ? 40 minutes . I 'll gas the car . Today , we 're proud to welcome back Two of s.H.I.E.L.D. Academy 's finest , Our youngest graduates to date . You know their names . Please join me in welcoming Agent leopold fitz and agent jemma simmons . [ applause ] Thank you , agent weaver . It 's nice to be back . Unfortunately , it has to be under these circumstances . Fitz : If you don 't know the history of s.H.I.E.L.D. By now , There 's no excuse ... Unless you fell asleep in professor vaughn 's class - - That 's a perfectly acceptable excuse . [ laughter ] Our instinct as scientists is to move forward , Advance quickly , push the envelope . But given recent events , it makes sense To reflect back on our history . Ward : And you can 't think of any reason A top student would want to go after you ? No . Um , the top students are my friends . It 's competitive here , But we usually don 't resort to knocking each other off . This isn 't operations - - no offense . None taken . All these names you would consider friendly ? Well ... Not donnie gill . I barely know the kid . He doesn 't talk to anyone . And he was at the pool . Studying , but I don 't think he 's the guy . He just has trouble communicating With anyone below a 170 I.Q. And s.H.I.E.L.D. Was founded after the ssr was able to Defeat the nearly indomitable force known as hydra . We tend to forget that these organizations - - Hydra , centipede , a.I.M. - - Were also made up of extremely brilliant scientists , Men and women who started With the same unlimited potential as you or I. Potential can sometimes be dangerous . Plutonium has the potential to power a city Or to be a nuclear bomb . Simmons : Today , we 'd like to share A few stories from the field In which we learned this lesson up close And faced the consequences when untested technology Or biology lands in the wrong hands . And don 't worry - - we brought pictures . [ laughter ] oh , god . Oh , god ! What is this ? ! Hey , what 's happening to me ? ! Help me ! Help me ! Make it - - get it off ! Can anybody help me ? ! Make it stop ! Help me get it off ! No ! Make it stop ! [ woman screams ] [ woman screams ] Simmons : Find exposed skin . He needs glucose to raise his body 's natural freezing point . Simmons , I need something to break the ice . [ crowd murmuring ] Jemma . Ready ? Yeah . Ward : Fitz , talk to me . Something 's doing this to him . Find it . Ward , there it is . What now ? Smash the damn thing ! [ cracking ] [ groans ] [ breathing heavily ] Fitz : It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's over . [ applause ] Who would do this ? I don 't want to hear excuses why it didn 't work . I have people who do that for me . I just want you to take care of it before I arrive . Just keep in mind how much this will benefit us both , yeah ? Man : Mr. Quinn , plane 's waiting for you , sir . And you can 't think of anyone here who 'd want to hurt you ? I don 't know anyone . Donnie , I 'm gonna have you escorted back to your room . You get some rest and stay warm . Sorry I ruined your lecture . I was really looking forward to it . It 's not your fault , donnie . No genetic materials or prints found on the device . The components are rare and expensive . Freshman pranks are tradition , but these are something else . Attempted murder . So , donnie was the intended target all along ? He have anything in common with the cadets at the pool ? These kids were popular . Donnie was - - not . Donnie hadn 't made any enemies here , But he hadn 't made any friends , either . He had a hard time adjusting ? How old is he ? 18 , youngest since you guys . 190 I.Q. And failing out of high school when we met him . Probably bored out of his mind . If things went well , We were considering graduating him early And assigning him to the sandbox . Wow . Well , he would love it there . But he doesn 't like it here , so I 'm afraid he 'll wash out . Ward : Maybe that was the idea . Agent weaver , keep working with investigations - - Interviewing cadets , instructors . Of course . And us ? Their interviews won 't bear fruit . We teach cadets to keep secrets . Where did you guys hang out When you wanted to get away from the faculty ? Can we tell someone from operations ? Yes , because we need to conduct our own investigation . [ horns honking ] [ engine shuts off ] Coulson : Dario marquez 's dress shop . Marquez doesn 't do the best papers in town , But he also doesn 't use a computer . So , if lumley 's gonna make a run for it , Your guess is he might pass through that door . It 's worth a shot , so we wait . Simmons : And when we get there ? We mingle , low key . You and skye get comfortable with the students - - See if you can get them gossiping . Skye looks young enough to blend in . You 're not exactly old man river , And fitz looks younger than us . Time will come when you won 't make fun of me for that . You 'll be jealous . You 'll be jealous , wrinkly old hags . I want fitz to go talk to donnie . Sorry ? Donnie 's withdrawn , might know more than he 's letting on . You 're a hero here , fitz . He looks up to you . Go hang out with him . Even if he has no clue who might be after him , He could use a friend . That is a wonderful idea . Ward has them from time to time . I 'll meet you later . What ? It 's strategic . It 's adorable . The tin man has a heart after all . So , where are we going ? [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] S.H.I.E.L.D. Keeps careful watch Of everything within their walls , So in the late ' 60s , to escape the cameras And the prying eyes of the faculty , A few cadets started sneaking down to the boiler room To play cards , you know , exchange ideas . My kind of people . Some amazing breakthroughs have come out of here . So the tradition lives on . Of cramming into the boiler room ? [ indistinct conversations ] Well , over the years , we made a few improvements . [ dance music plays ] Do you have one of these at operations ? Did not think so . Drinks are on me . [ children playing ] Donnie . Agent fitz , sir . Oh , please . Call me " fitz . " Mind if I come in ? Yeah - - no . I mean , no , I don 't . Okay , my room was just like this , except , um , Um , there was a lot more laundry on the floor . You feeling better ? You know , you shouldn 't be afraid To tell me if you think someone could be targeting you . I 'm not . It was - - it was probably just a prank . Freshmen get pranked . I remember vividly , But that doesn 't mean that every freshman needs to be thawed . Is that a design for organic light-emitting diodes ? For active camouflage , I 'm thinking . Hmm . An ionized air cannon ? It 's so small . Well , I was able to double the pressurization by making - - By making it compact . Clever . I must say - - these ideas are way beyond What I was toying with in my first few months . You shouldn 't keep these big ideas to yourself . You should run them by your instructors . These aren 't my big ideas . So ... Say you 're gonna do what this guy did - - Leave s.H.I.E.L.D. , go off the grid . What 's your move ? I 'd hide in the wheel well of a 747 flight From newark to singapore . Oxygen , a chute . The back half of the trip passes over 3,000 miles of land , A dozen countries - - could drop anywhere . You 'd probably head to south america . You speak spanish . Vacation spanish . Lima , most likely , what with the growing food scene . All right , what 's up ? You tell me . You 're talking , more than ever . 'cause you 're not . And you suddenly became active on the skye investigation ? She 's proved herself - - Stepped up in a big way - - for our team , for you . Is that it , or is it just to distract me ? [ sighs ] both . I know you 're having a hard time believing what - - They changed my memories . Who 's to say they didn 't change more ? [ sighs ] I say . I know you , phil , and I knew you before . You 'd know I 'd be the first to go down that road If I thought it led somewhere . Do you believe me , at least ? Do you - - Yes . Good . But I 'm tired of secrets , so I 'm glad we 're here . We need to root out all the secrets . Agent ward and I have been having sex - - I got him . [ car door opens ] [ indistinct conversations ] He 's headed your way . Looks like he 's heading down the alley . Aah ! [ grunting ] [ tires screech ] I 'm agent coulson , with s.H.I.E.L.D. Oh , thank god . It 's about the baby girl , isn 't it ? Cyanide ? What did you think we were gonna do to you ? What they did to her . Agent linda avery ? She wasn 't the first one to die . We were headed into the hunan province of china . A senior agent had called in an 0-8-4 . An object of unknown origin . We 've dealt with those before . He said the entire village had died trying to protect this one . Avery and I were just fresh out of the academy . And there was five of us just running the back end , Until we lost communication with the first team . We went searching . We found the senior agent under a bridge . He - - he managed to escape with a gunshot wound to the neck , But he bled out . He was still holding on to the 0-8-4 . [ scoffs ] Poor thing was covered in blood . We thought she was dead , too , But sh- - she was just asleep in the dead agent 's arms . I - - the baby ? The girl was the 0-8-4 ? If she had powers or something , we never witnessed it . The five of us helicoptered the kid off , headed home . After we landed , we started getting crossed off . Executed ? Tortured , heads bashed in . And when it came down to avery and I , We realized the only way to keep our people And the kid from being hunted - - Was to erase her from existence . Avery was smart . She used the lead agent 's credentials To fake a level 8 clearance , Set up a nearly invisible protocol . The foster system was ordered To move the child around every few months . But they still got to avery . She died protecting that secret . And you left town . Oh , I left everything . I mean , whoever killed that kid 's family And all those agents was a force to be reckoned with . And that girl - - don 't tell me a damn thing about her . I don 't want to know . You understand ? Just tell me - - is she okay ? She 's safe . Then maybe it was all worth it . You taking me in ? Yeah . No . I 'm not sure s.H.I.E.L.D. Is the safest place for you right now . We 'll get in the air and drop you somewhere along the route . Thank you . Bit of advice - - stop digging And stay the hell away from that girl . 'cause wherever she goes , death follows . It 's best no one knows about this , For skye 's safety and for ours . You can never tell her . [ dance music plays ] Bartender seemed chatty . He 's in computer sciences . Didn 't take long to convince him I was a level 7 cs operative . And guess where I 'm stationed - - the sandbox . Good thinking . I asked if any of the cadets Had hopes on getting assigned there . Behind me - - the curls . Callie hannigan - - ambitious , Gunned hard for getting assigned to the sandbox . And apparently , word 's gotten around She just lost the top spot . She was at the pool . But didn 't want to go in . Fitz : A battery that carries a terawatt of energy ? This is amazing . Would be if it worked . I 'm - - I 'm close . I 've built some quarter scale , And they would work at that size , But the beat increases at a 4-to-1 ratio with scale . And it melts down . Why not use oxygen - - You know , breathe it in from the outside ? Sure , it 's not gonna react as well with the lithium ion , But the cooling effect would surely make up For that discrepancy . No ? Holy crap . I mean , it 's just an idea . That 's insane . Uh , but you should show it to agent weaver before you test it . You have no idea how powerful this thing could be . Of course . Wow . I 'm sorry . That - - that was awesome . It 's true what the other guys say - - You are the smartest person to come through here . Is that what they say ? Yeah ? Well , simmons is probably smarter , technically , But that 's because she likes homework More than life itself . Nice to have someone to talk shop with all the time ... Or to just plain talk to . You know , um , I didn 't like it here at the academy at first . You didn 't ? No . I was shy , a bit of a loner . My mum did her best at home , But I may as well have been speaking japanese When I talked electronics ... So I kept things to myself . Me , too . The kids in my hometown wouldn 't talk to me . And when s.H.I.E.L.D. Told my dad I was gifted , He said , " at what ? " [ chuckles ] yeah . Well , hang in there . You 'll find a friend here . Actually , I 'm off to meet the rest of the team At the boiler room , if you 'd like to join . Uh , maybe later . I 'm gonna try to draw up some of those changes . Later it is . And ... Thanks . No problem . Not a bad shot . You mean for a girl . For anybody . Elastic collision equations , contact point geometry , And practice . So , why is a guy from operations Hanging out in the boiler room , anyway ? Looking for the smartest mind you have here to duck out , Join my top shadow unit . Is that you ? Could be . Shadow unit doing what ? I 've said too much already , But that tech in the lecture hall - - It was impressive . Whoever built that tech - - I could see them moving to level 6 within the year . Even though donnie and seth were hurt ? The boys survived . Yeah , probably the best thing That 's happened to them all year . Why don 't you tell me what you meant by that ? And I 'll not tell agent weaver how eager you were To jump rank over at operations . I 'm just saying they got to meet agent fitz . [ chuckling ] they 've been talking about it for weeks . Weeks ? We just came here ... Talking about it to whom ? Each other . [ whirring ] Jemma , please don 't tell me You 've left the boiler room already . Fitz , they staged the attacks . Well , that 's nonsense . Why ? To lure us to the academy And to take them off our radar as suspects . You need to get out of there . He 's after you . Relax . I 'm out . You 're overreacting . He 's just a lonely kid . We had a nice little hang session . I actually helped him solve his ... Power problem . [ sighs ] Oh , no . That 's what you 're trying to power - - A bigger version of the ice machine ? You weren 't supposed to see this . This is very , very dangerous , okay ? You can 't have this here . We have to turn it in to agent weaver . You weren 't supposed to see this . We need to go . Come on ! [ sighs ] How could I have been so stupid ? Fitz , will you stop ? I 'm sorry , sir . It 's my fault . Any word on the missing cadets ? Ward 's coordinating the search effort with agent weaver . They 've set up a perimeter and are going building to building . Where did you guys go ? We were trying to reach you . Not now . How dangerous are they ? Extremely dangerous . This device turns any moisture around it to ice very rapidly , At a great range . But donnie 's a good kid - - just felt isolated . Seth must have befriended him to manipulate him , Using him to finish the - - the product . Product ? [ sighs ] Okay , I think they have a backer . The device - - the components are incredibly rare and expensive , Nothing either of them could find On the open market themselves . If the parts are that rare , we can trace the purchases . Sometimes , it 's not a bad seed , just a bad influence . Let 's go . No , no . No , that 's not the issue . Look , donnie and I have the device ready to sell , A-and we solved the power problem , But , uh , look , we - - we - - we ran into some trouble . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s looking for us now . Seth , what did I say Was the most important aspect of this deal ? That nobody know about it . Right . Well , now the deal 's gonna have to change . Skye : We were worried about bad influences ? He 's the worst there is . Ian quinn . You got to be kidding . Fitz : Thermopile radiation sensors . Shipped to seth 's father , Who 's a lawyer for quinn worldwide . Quinn 's buying their technology . Simmons : [ sighs ] what a sleaze . The cadets have no idea he 's a criminal . To them , he 's just a venture capitalist . This is quinn 's m.O. He finds young talent and he takes advantage , right ? Hello ? Contact ward and agent weaver . Have them widen their search to include ian quinn . [ sighs ] Hey , can I talk to you for a second ? I have to brief may . Just two seconds - - that 's all . Yeah . This is an unfortunate situation you 've gotten us into , seth . Where are you ? We 're - - we 're hiding at a parking garage near the academy . There 's checkpoints set up all around . We 're boxed in . It looks like I 'll be turning around . Sorry we couldn 't do business . No , no , wait ! M-mr . Quinn , please . Can you send a chopper or something to come and get us ? Look , believe me - - it 's worth it . Prove it , seth . What do you mean ? A demonstration - - I want to see what I 'm paying for in action , Right there at s.H.I.E.L.D. Then you 'll come and get us ? I wouldn 't be able to resist . [ sighs ] the deal 's a no-go . Let 's turn around , go back to the seychelles . Darling , can you freshen this up ? Ready for this , donnie ? Hey . We 've come this far . Maybe it 's too far . [ sighs ] we 're in this together - - You and me against the world , right ? How many times have we said we want a chance To do something incredible ? Well , this is it , And it comes with a ton of money . Come on . Say something . I 'm - - I 'm nervous . The - - the prototypes are harmless , Burn out in minutes , but this ? We haven 't run virtual simulations . At this size , with the new power source , It 's not - - it 's not safe . Donnie , you need to grow a pair . Now , you can 't bail on me now . We have one chance to impress mr . Quinn , And now he 's our only way out . We can 't turn back after what we did back there . What - - what - - what you did . You knocked agent fitz unconscious . He found us out . And it was your idea to draw him here To fix your damn power source . Our plan has worked so far , donnie , and so will this . [ whirring ] [ beep ] W-what happened ? I-is it a dud ? I-I don 't - - I don 't - - I don 't know . Ever since you got back from who knows where , You won 't even look at me . And I know things have been heavy right now , But ... Did I do something wrong ? No . I did . [ sighs ] Ian quinn 's not the only one who manipulates people , skye . We do it all the time - - Actually teach it at the academy . It 's our trade . What are you talking about ? I 've been keeping something from you . But recently , I realized I had no right to do that . You lied to me . Agent may and I went down to mexico city To talk to somebody - - Somebody who knows where you came from . Tell me . When we started this , I warned you ... That you might not like what you learn . And I told you That it can 't be worse than what I have imagined . It is . The agent who dropped you at st . Agnes was not your mother , But she was killed trying to protect you . 24 years ago , An entire s.H.I.E.L.D. Team in a small village ... [ audio fades ] [ wind rushing ] [ thunder crashing ] I 'll be damned ! We did it ! It worked ! I did it . Seth : The ice stopped . So it 's ending ? No . It 's just beginning . We 're in the eye of the storm . A storm ? But crystalline nucleation Should only create ice around the - - It did ... Up there . We seeded the clouds . In the most effective way in history , seth . [ thunder rumbling ] We created a superstorm . He said he wanted a demonstration . What are you doing ? ! I have to try to reverse the process . Look , quinn specifically said he needed a working apparatus To come and pick us up . All the money in the world won 't matter if we 're dead . Please . Please help me . Coulson : How do we stop it ? We can 't stop it . They 're in real trouble . Where is the device ? Most likely right there - - dead center of the storm . Coulson : We 've got to get donnie out of there . Ward , how are things on the ground ? We 've got most everyone safe in the boiler room . Everybody , move back ! Make some space ! How bad is this gonna get ? Bad . Can you reach the north campus parking garage ? We think donnie gill and his device May be trapped in the center of the storm . That 's not far from where I am . I can get there . [ wind rushing ] Yeah , I can 't get there . Is there any other way to get to donnie ? Think fast , people . I know one way . Hold on tight . [ thunder crashing ] [ electricity crackling ] Seth , hold the barium hydroxide chamber in place ! Okay ! Hold ! All right , that should do it . Now take - - [ electricity crackling ] Aah . Aah . Seth ! Seth ? We 're gonna have to try to get underground , Ride it out till the storm passes . Seth . Seth ! Hey , hey , seth . Seth , can you hear me ? [ wind rushing ] [ whirring ] He 's been hurt ! Please , you need to help him ! Simmons : He 's in cardiac arrest ! Skye , blanket for his head ! Lay him down here ! Sir , I need the a.E.D. ! Fitz , oxygen . Coulson : I got it . 0.4 millimeters of epinephrine . [ thunder rumbling ] Get ready to clear . Charging . Aah ! Get back ! [ electricity charging ] And clear ! Pulse ? Nothing . Charging . [ electricity charging ] Clear . Pulse ? Coulson : No . Charging . He 's gone . [ breathing heavily ] No , seth . Seth ! Seth ! Come on , no ! No . Don 't go . No . Donnie , I wanted to wish you good luck . And I 'm very sorry . Don 't say you 're sorry . My only friend is dead because of me . I don 't know what else to say . Then don 't say anything . May : What will happen to him ? They 're moving him to the sandbox , But not as a researcher . They want to keep an eye on him . Did , uh , you hear what I said in mexico ? What , specifically ? A-about ward and me , um ... Yeah , I heard . [ scoffs ] I trust you know what you 're doing , And if it 's a problem ... I 'll end it . Skye requested a moment alone on campus . You told her , didn 't you ? I had to . It must have destroyed her to hear all that . That 's the thing about skye . What I told her shattered her world . Her lifelong search led to stories of murder , And now it 's too difficult to continue . Her search is over . Her story ends here . But you know what she said ? Tell me . She said no - - her story started here . Her whole life , she thought she wasn 't wanted , That she didn 't belong , That every family that took her in Didn 't want her to stay , didn 't care . But all that time , it was s.H.I.E.L.D. Protecting her , Looking after her . That 's what she took away from the story - - Not the family she 'll never have But the one she 's always had . Here I am , telling her something That could destroy her faith in humanity . And somehow , she manages to repair a little piece of mine . The world is full of evil and lies and pain and death , And you can 't hide from it - - you can only face it . The question is , when you do , how do you respond ? Who do you become ? [ cracking ] We 'll be back in a moment . [ telephone rings , clicks ] Quinn : Seth , I 've got to say say - - You have exceeded my expectations . Coulson : We 're on to you . Who is this ? Agent phil coulson with s.H.I.E.L.D. We 've never actually met , But I 'm familiar with your work - - all of it . So , this is a " getting to know you " call ? No , just a message That the first time your aircraft drifts Over any country allied with s.H.I.E.L.D. , We will shoot you out of the sky . So this is a courtesy call . Well , thank you , agent coulson . And I have a message for you . The clairvoyant told me to say hello .
