 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Coulson : I was killed . Well , almost . Afterwards is kind of a blank . Not everyone gets sent to tahiti . It 's a magical place . He really doesn 't know , does he ? He can never know . What is centipede ? Simmons : It 's an intravenous filter for his blood . Mike : The soldiers at the warehouse Were forced to attack us through that eye thing ? When the tide turned in our favor , Centipede flipped hayward 's kill switch . Don 't do th- - Simmons : Po 's the strategist . Raina 's the recruiter . Perhaps this clairvoyant 's the money . Why do they want you ? Ward : They 've taken coulson . Take care of my boy ! Mike ! We want you to tell us about the day after you died . Vanchat : 100 % premium-grade chitauri metal , As rare as it gets . How 'd you get your hands on this , vanchat ? It 's what I do - - Find alien scrap that no one else can , Then offer it to people who fully appreciate my efforts . Mm , I appreciate the hell out of them . You can name your price . [ device beeps ] Is that a roomba ? Aah ! [ door opens ] [ grunting ] [ gunshot ] Fitz-simmons , he 's heading your way . We 've never done anything like this before . Are you sure ? It 's time , simmons . Embrace the change . [ devices whirring ] [ beeping ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ buttons click ] Skye , you 're up . Skye : Here . Let me get that for you . [ computer beeping ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] Mr. Vanchat . We were hoping you could help us find a friend . Impressive . You actually managed to reopen all your stitches . Just hope vanchat can lead us to centipede . Well , the chitauri metal he was selling Is an exact match to what centipede used for their device . We find centipede , we find coulson . Don 't ask questions , agent kob . Just get me the five-millimeter injector . That 's an order . [ sighs ] Honestly , how many agents do they think They can cram on this plane ? It 's only gonna get more crowded . We 're set to pick up more men When agent hand dumps vanchat off at the fridge . Honestly , I think it 's good they 're here . We need fresh eyes . It 's been 36 hours since agent coulson was taken , And none of us have gotten any rest . Oh , joy . Agent hand is giving another briefing . [ indistinct talking ] Hand : The burnt remains recovered at the site Are believed to be those of agent trainee michael peterson . Other physical evidence has proven scarce . Nothing relating to mr . Po , his centipede associates , Or their location has been found . Any progress with vanchat ? Nothing actionable , agent ward , But I have my best interrogator in there right now . Vanchat will talk , and rest assured , when he does , Not a single stone will be left unturned Until we take down centipede . And find agent coulson . And get coulson back . [ alarm blaring ] We have a security breach . Someone 's hacking the system . [ blaring continues ] Just in time . Can you override this ? What do you think you 're doing ? The money trail 's our key to finding coulson . I just need to gain access to vanchat 's financials , And from there , I should be able to trace centipede 's payments And then hack into their account . You 're the consultant - - the one who shot agent sitwell . Technically , that wasn 't me - - I want you off this plane immediately . What ? Wait . I know I 'm not some badass field agent like may or ward , But this is what I do . You can 't just kick me off this mission . Listen , I will do whatever you say . All this protocol crap doesn 't matter to me . All that matters to me is coulson . Well , " all this protocol crap " matters to me . You 're a distraction , and you 're gone . Agent hand , I know skye 's methods are unorthodox , But she 's a member of this team . She can help . Agent may , your professional opinion - - Will this girl be of any use to us on this plane ? No . Increase her restriction level . Confiscate her laptop and phone , Then have her delivered to debrief . I 'll do it . I 'm her s.O. It 's clear that may has an axe to grind with me , But that was way out of line . No one knows what 's in may 's head except may . Don 't worry . Coulson will make this right when he gets back . I can find him , ward . I believe you . I 've seen firsthand what you can do , Even without s.H.I.E.L.D. Resources . Hang on , hang on . We have something for you . You made me a sandwich ? Yes , it is that . It 's a satellite phone - - damper resistant . You get one shot before your bracelet shuts it down . So only call in case of emergency . What do I even need this for ? I 'm gonna be spending the next three days In a s.H.I.E.L.D. Broom closet getting debriefed . That 's right . A few agents are coming here to pick you up for debriefing ... In exactly 12 minutes . Good luck . Don 't touch lola . Mm . Can you feel that ? Don 't stop . [ chuckles ] Listen to him . Who ordered this ? [ sighs ] Po : It seems you passed out . Now maybe you 're ready to share what memories you 're seeing . [ breathing heavily ] I saw ... Jordan ... Hitting that game-winner over russell in the ' 98 finals . So clutch . Agent coulson , we 're gonna turn the machine back on And open your mind . It 's time to stop fighting it . If you don 't , you won 't survive the process . I 'll let you kill me before I give you anything . Seems you have a taste for that , anyway - - Murdered mike peterson in front of his own son . Mr. Peterson chose that end . We gave him his life and his child unscathed . You 're just upset Because that man 's death hit so close to home , Seeing a boy lose his father at such a young age . As you did . A defining moment . The clairvoyant saw that . I hate to break it to you , But your telepathic friend is a fraud . Otherwise , he 'd know all these answers , and I wouldn 't be here . It 's true - - this is strange . My friend can see that you died . You went cold . Your heart was torn to pieces . What the clairvoyant can 't see is what happened after - - How they brought you back from the dead . For some reason , agent coulson , you 're different . Now , why is that ? [ breathing heavily ] So we have to do this the hard way . [ indistinct talking ] Skye : Just need an exploit - - some way in . [ computers beeping ] Man : Oh , what ? Come on ! Hey , lloyd . You might be my way in . That 's what I said . Yeah . One second . Of course , I love truffles , But not on that . What an idiot . No , sweetie , listen to me . It was a private jet . Of course there was wi-fi . He should 've at least texted you back . No , that 's too much ! I know the night-night rounds No longer affect the centipede soldiers , But all we want to do is disable them , not kill them . I 'm good with either , frankly . Fitz , you don 't mean that . Those soldiers are just men who - - Who could smash your skull open with a single punch . But they 're being controlled . Centipede is making them fight against their will . Well , they took coulson , And I don 't care what we have to do to get him back . We need to bring him home . What 's this guy doing , lulling vanchat to sleep ? I 'm going in . [ horns honking ] [ gps beeps ] Damn it ! [ sighs ] Okay , skye , just need a plan " b . " [ sighs ] [ tires screech ] [ computer beeps ] Woman : Roadside assistance . We see you 've had an accident . Yeah . Can you send somebody to tow me back to my house ? Of course . I 'll dispatch someone right away . Are you okay ? Yeah . I 'm good . [ clattering ] [ groans ] [ panting ] [ door slams ] Agent hand needs you , says it 's urgent . [ sighs ] Time to talk . The names of all your buyers , alphabetically would help . I 'm not telling you a bloody thing . That 's how you want to play it ? Rochambeau you ? Rochambeau ! Scissors ! [ chuckles ] fitz ! Aah ! I 've got all day . All right ! All right , I 'll talk ! I 'll talk ! [ groans ] The town that the bomb forgot . It was built in the ' 40s for nuclear testing , But when the cold war ended , the town was spared . Not exactly prime real estate . Mm , true . There 's nothing but desert for hundreds of miles . But I really like it . It 's nice here . The children are always playing ... [ groans ] ... Yet never make a sound . Shall we get back to it , then ? [ ice-cream cone thuds ] [ choking ] [ dog barking in distance ] So , you sure you don 't want me to take it to the dealer ? No , thanks . I got a guy . All right . Thank you . Dollar bills , y 'all . [ gasps ] [ telephone beeps ] [ ringing ] Woman : Lloyd rathman 's office . This is the l.A.P.D. I need to speak with mr . Rathman . We 've recovered a stolen vehicle registered in his name . Oh . Was it damaged ? Yes , ma 'am . We have two officers waiting at his home , Ready to take a statement . How long do you think it 'll take mr . Rathman to get there ? You 're in a lot of trouble , mr . Rathman . Who the hell are you ? Agent melinda may with s.H.I.E.L.D. Look , clearly there 's been a misunderstanding . I 'm a legitimate businessman . S.H.I.E.L.D. Has evidence your company has been siphoning funds Into an offshore account for some very bad people . My clients ' business is their business . Well , my business is catching those guys , And if it turns out you 've made a profit from just one of them , S.H.I.E.L.D. Is prepared to freeze all of your assets . I 'm calling my lawyer . Do that and my offer 's off the table . What offer is that ? Immunity - - you walk ... Free and clear . S.H.I.E.L.D. Doesn 't touch a single asset . Not even your party boat in key largo . And if I say no ? You spend the next five years in the fridge . The fridge ? It 's worse than it sounds . [ cellphone beeps ] All right , what do you want ? Follow me to your office . We 've got some work to do . [ computer beeps ] Hand : Vanchat 's intel is paying off . We 're pursuing every known buyer Of chitauri metals around the globe . The largest has a warehouse in sydney . We 're heading there now . This is our chance to take down centipede . I want everyone in full tactical . And what about agent coulson ? If we 're lucky , centipede 's holding him in sydney . Dismissed . Agent ward , a moment . First , your friend skye left the plane And never arrived for her debrief , Then vanchat almost flies out of the interrogation room . Do we have a problem ? No , agent hand . Your man wasn 't getting answers , so I stepped in . Without my permission . Well , congratulations . Thanks to you and your unique interrogation skills , We now have active strike teams Running raids all over the world . The question is , why ? Excuse me ? It 's unprecedented , This kind of response for a level eight operative , The sheer manpower involved . I 've been on the phone all day - - Director fury , commander hill - - everyone wants an update . Frankly , I don 't understand it . No single agent is that important . Coulson is . [ groaning ] Coulson : [ panting ] S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s gonna find me before you break me . S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Well , the clairvoyant sees an end to all that . [ groaning ] Raina : He doesn 't look so good . Raina , what took you so long ? I was tending to our other subject . The persuasion skills I 've spoken to the clairvoyant so much about Would be better served here with me , breaking this man . I would never use force to bend a man to my wishes . He 's being difficult . He 's being beaten . Into submission . The clairvoyant requested it and will tell me to - - [ cellphone vibrates ] see ? Yes ? No . Well , I 've only just begun . My methods are sound . I assure you - - Right here . Yes . The clairvoyant would like to speak to you . This is raina . Yes . I agree . Thank you . I 'll put him back on . Yes , I 'm here . [ cellphone buzzing ] [ thud ] [ cellphone closes ] [ sighs ] there a problem ? Victoria hand . We don 't exactly see eye to eye . I 'm sure she 's utilizing all of s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s resources To find coulson . Not all of them . You know , it wouldn 't hurt to have skye working an exploit . Why didn 't you stick up for her ? Excuse me ? She has proven herself on multiple missions . She 's a part of this team . You let her get tossed . All I did was tell hand the truth . Skye 's no use to us on this plane . How can you say that ? She 's not . [ sighs ] Not with all these agents here over her shoulder , Monitoring her every move . You wanted her off the plane . Outside the system . That 's how skye works best . You don 't have to assume the worst of me . Hand : Agent may , change of plans . Sending new coordinates now . We found their helicopter at a laboratory Outside the mojave desert . Copy that . Coordinates received . Hang on to something . [ airplane engine roaring ] You want me to hack into a swiss bank account ? Just need you to type in your private corporate I.D. To get me in the door . Yeah , well , letting you in that door is a crime . Come to think of it , How do I know you 're not just some criminal ? In my experience , a federal agent shows a badge . You want to see my badge . [ cellphone beeps ] S.H.I.E.L.D. Protocol six alpha victor . [ alarm blaring ] There . That 's my badge . Great . Just got my high score in tiny wings . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been watching you For quite some time , mr . Rathman . You 're a prime exploit - - the gambling , the divorces , That money pit in the caymans . You 're even behind on your child-support payments . Ugh , that 's a clerical thing . My ex knows that . But does david know that ? David thinks I 'm a cool dad . David thinks you 're a jackass . You got to fix that , lloyd . Kids need someone they can look up to . Now ... Start typing . Freeze ! Don 't move ! That 's it . Nice and easy . Keep your hands where I can - - ugh ! On the ground ! [ gun cocks ] Okay , I-I 'm typing , I 'm typing . You s.H.I.E.L.D. Guys don 't mess around . [ cellphone beeps ] This is turning into an interesting day , isn 't it ? So , you 're my friend now ? 'cause I 've seen what you do to your friends . Mr. Po ? Yeah . He was a murderer incapable of remorse . I was thinking of mike peterson , chan ho yin . I gave them what they asked for . Mike wanted to be a hero to his son . Now he is . Did akela amador want a bomb in her head ? The people you work for are just as capable Of using cruel means to reach a justified end . And who do you work for , raina ? The clairvoyant ? Yes . Who is he ? I don 't know . Today was the first time I personally made contact . [ inhales deeply ] My heart 's still racing . He has you building super soldiers . The clairvoyant gives us guidance , formulas . For what ? The changing world , The world your organization brought upon us . We 're new to the business Of what you 've been doing for decades . So now what ? You have soldiers ? You can make them strong , you can control them . In instant , you can kill them . Yes , but we can 't bring them back to life . You were killed . Now you 're here . We want to know how . Don 't you ? I 'd like to turn the machine on again . It induces theta brain-wave frequencies To help uncover the secrets buried in the subconscious . If you cooperate , you can surf those waves . I 've gone surfing . That is definitely not like surfing . You 've been resisting . Fight the waves and you 'll drown . Your brain will cook . You 'll stop breathing - - again . Then that 's what it 'll be , Or I hold out until my team comes to find me . Either way , you will not get classified intel from me . I 'm not interested in those secrets . The clairvoyant can see within any agency , any government . He knows what the president dreams about at night . I want what you want - - To uncover a different secret The secret s.H.I.E.L.D. Is keeping from you . Lloyd : All right , we 're logged in , but you do realize You can 't transfer these kinds of funds online . I 'm not looking to transfer funds . I 'm looking for transaction records . Go to your account history . We need to open up a terminal emulator , See what kind of encryption they 've got . Okay . If it 's an ssl 256 or an a.E.S. Twofish serpent , We 're in business . Yeah . Quantum key , that 's another story . Right . Lloyd . What is happening here ? Yeah , account history . Where is that ? [ sighs ] Delete that second line . [ keyboard clacking ] press " return . " Thing is , I have an assistant that does all this for me . That 's it . Guard : So , this vanchat - - Is this the guy you 're trying to bust ? No , we already have him in custody . What I want to know Is who 's recently paid vanchat a lot of money . I backtrack those payments to the buyer 's account And get a record of all the purchases she 's made , Maybe use it to track her down . Click there . Hello , raina . Let 's see what you 've been up to . Print that . Great . So are we done here ? One last thing . [ tires screech ] [ engine revs ] And you 're clinging to the one thing you have - - Fond memories of your recovery . So , this person you work for Told you I died and have gaps in my memory . Ever think your mind reader Might just be looking up symptoms online ? I was also told it keeps you up at night , That you crave answers , That you 're troubled by the fact That when you asked for answers , you were denied . Isn 't that true ? I trust the system . They keep secrets for a reason . But why would s.H.I.E.L.D. Keep details of your death from you ? They 're your family - - Your only family since you 've lost your mother , too . Now , after all you 've sacrificed ... Sacrifice is part of the job . I would give my life - - You didn 't just give your life , You gave up your chance at a normal one , at love . And she did love you , agent coulson . [ voice breaking ] how could you know that ? Do you miss her ? Dinners at the richmond . Do you miss hearing her play ? You didn 't even have a chance to say goodbye . I-I couldn 't . I-I can 't . She cried for days After s.H.I.E.L.D. Told her you died . They shattered her heart with a lie , And now they 're lying to you . No . No , they 're not . I know you don 't want to believe it , But you can 't tell me nothing makes you doubt , Makes you wonder what happened in tahiti . It 's a magical place . I keep saying that . Don 't you want to know why ? [ breathing heavily ] Turn it on . The centipede soldiers each have a port On their delivery device to inject refills of serum . But with this injector cuff , We can use the port to our advantage . By injecting a refined dose of dendrotoxin To incapacitate the soldier . How 's it work ? Oh , just simply lock it around the centipede soldier 's forearm . And night-night , superpowers . Sounds like riding a bull for eight seconds . Yeah , exactly . It 's that simple . Yeah . [ cellphone rings ] [ cellphone beeps ] hello ? Simmons , it 's me . Why , hello ... Dr. Nugent . Skye : Is someone there ? God , don 't try to lie . You are the worst at this . Remember our safe word . Manscaping ? Oh , I shouldn 't have said that . Um , I am right as rain . Couldn 't be better , old chap . You three , out . Listen up . I may have a lead on where centipede 's holding coulson . Skye ? What have you found ? [ indistinct talking ] We 're about to launch a major assault on a centipede lab , And you want to take your team To the desert based on a hunch from skye ? It 's not a hunch . Skye followed the money from vanchat back to centipede . Turns out they recently purchased A small development less than 100 miles from here . Well , that 's great news for their real-estate portfolio , But we have confirmed activity at the lab . I 'm taking a strike team to investigate . End of story . May : So we split up . You take the strike team and go after centipede . We 'll investigate skye 's lead , see if coulson 's there . You backed my decision to kick skye off the plane . Seems like it worked out . Seems like you played me . Ward : Look , this isn 't personal , But I am taking my team and we 're gonna find coulson . Send backup if you want . [ car door opens , slams ] What makes you so sure this machine will even work ? It worked on me . One thing before we start - - What is it with the flowers ? Who doesn 't like flowers ? I 'm glad you noticed . Close your eyes and relax . [ computer beeps ] I want you to think back to your first memory after you died . What do you see ? Sandy beach , blue waves - - just as I remember it . Focus on the details . Can you feel that ? Don 't stop . [ chuckles ] Dr. Streiten : Listen to him ! Who ordered this ? W-what ? Director fury himself . [ scoffs ] [ wind whistling ] Got creepy ? [ rustling ] You shouldn 't be here . There 's nowhere to run ! Agent coulson , something 's happening , isn 't it ? Listen to him . I need you to look at your surroundings . I can 't take it anymore . I can 't take it . Try and describe what you see . [ panting ] Are you still in tahiti ? Tell me . It 's dark . There 's nothing . Everything is dark . Coulson 's got to be here somewhere . We need to split up . Or run . I 'll take care of him . Are you sure ? I got this . Come on , let 's move ! [ grunting ] Coulson ! [ grunts ] [ panting ] Now , coulson , where the hell are you ? Surgeon : [ echoing ] he 's drifting . [ normal voice ] he 's drifting . This is wrong . Can you feel that ? Don 't . Listen to him . Stop . Who ordered this ? Director fury himself . This is wrong ! [ electricity crackling ] Listen to him ! Let me die , please . Please , please . Please , I 'm begging you , let me die . [ voice breaking ] please . Please let me die . Let me die , please ! Please ! Let me die ! Please ! Let me die ! [ screaming ] [ screaming continues ] Raina : Stop fighting it , agent coulson . Stop fighting it . Please let me die . [ door opens ] It 's for his own good . Please , let me die ! Please , let me die ! Please , let me die ! Let me die . Let me die . [ electricity hums ] [ gasps ] Coulson , coulson . Come back , come back , come back , come back , come back . [ whimpers ] Come back , come back . [ panting ] skye . Skye . [ panting ] Skye . [ sniffles ] Nice jacket . [ indistinct talking ] Bet there aren 't any flowered dresses where she 's going . Amen to that , sister . Dismissed . Just got off the phone with headquarters . Director fury was very relieved . I understand you 've been busy . Heard you put some miles on my plane . The manhunt has yielded some impressive results . Centipede operations have been taken down around the globe . Any word on the clairvoyant ? Nothing yet , but it 's gonna be awfully hard to stay hidden Now that the clairvoyant 's on s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s radar . Good , because raina knew things about me - - personal things . I want to know how . My men and I are taking her Straight to headquarters for questioning . We 'll be in touch . Agent hand ? Thank you ... For everything . Good to have you back . Honestly , this bus isn 't really my style . I just want to say ... Thank you . Now get back to work . I heard what you did for me . I think it 's time that we remove this . Disengage bracelet . [ bracelet beeps ] Are you kidding me ? Thought you 'd like that . [ chuckles ] Back in that room , did they learn anything ? No . Did you ? I heard what you were saying . It wasn 't real . They were just messing with my head ... But I appreciate your concern . Evening , doctor . [ seatbelt clicks ] Agent coulson . You weren 't operating on my heart . I know about tahiti . I was afraid this day would come . Because of what I 'd do ? Because of what I 've done . After new york , you weren 't dead For 8 seconds or 40 seconds Or whatever they put in your file . You were dead for ... Days . That 's impossible . It should be , but director fury moved heaven and earth . He had a team of scientists working around the clock Using procedures that no good doctor would ever allow . You were there . Fury brought me in during the seventh operation . We kept you conscious to monitor brain activity , But you were in extreme pain . The neurological damage - - it was catastrophic . I wanted to die . And we should have let you . The trauma you 'd endured was ... Ungodly . Why was that machine messing with my brain ? After what you 'd been through ... [ sighs ] we wanted to restore the man you 'd once been , So we gave you a pleasant memory Of a beautiful island . We didn 't want you to be that ... Thing . [ sighs ] What did I become , doctor ? Tell me . You 'd lost your will to live . We tried to give it back . [ sighs ] I 'm sorry , agent coulson . Truly , I am . If you only knew . [ vehicle door opens , closes ] [ sighs ] " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . [ groans ] [ groans ] H-hello ? Anybody there ? Hello ? [ beeping ] No .
