 I.FRANKENSTEIN I was cast into being in the winter of 1795 a living corpse without a soul . Stitched , jolted , bludgeoned back to life by a madman . Horrified by his creation , he tried to destroy me . But I survived , and found my way back to him . Elizabeth ! A life for a life , that is what I wanted . I took that of his beloved new bride . He pursued me to the far north . I was immune to cold . But ... he was not . I buried him ... in his family cemetery . it was more than he deserved . I thought it was the end ... but it was actually ... just the beginning . We have been waiting for you . You will come with us . Wait ! Naberius wants him back alive . That was the last of them . What do you suppose it was ? I do not know . I 've never seen a human kill a demon before . And with such strength . It 's been a long time since I 've seen demons this far north . There must be something special about it . Something Naberius wanted . " Victor Frankenstein " . The rumors are true . It 's alive . It 's alive ! Your Majesty ! It 's no more than a wild beast , Your Majesty . Destroy it , and be done with it . So , you understand reason . Where am I ? How did I get here ? The creatures that attacked you , what did they want ? - I don 't know ! - We heard him speak of Naberius . - Seems he wants this thing alive . - If Naberius wants it alive ... All the more reason to destroy it . Gideon . " Him " ... not " it " . My name is Leonore , High Queen of the Gargoyle Order . This is Gideon , my most trusted warrior . You were attacked by four demons under the command of a dark prince called Naberius . Fortunately , Ophir and Keziah were on watch near by . They realized who you were and brought you here . To our home . The Gargoyle Order was commanded into being by the great arch-angel Michael . It is our sacred duty to wage war against the demon horde . 666 legions of hell-spawn creatures , unleashed by Satan after his fall from Heaven . Humans think of us as mere decoration . They do not know nor could they conceive the brutal unseen war being fought around them every day . A war that one day could determine the very fate of all mankind . You have now been drawn into this war . I care not for the world of man . Yes , we 've heard the stories of you . Shunned by your human creator , lost and alone . You would be welcome here . Until we know why Naberius wants you , I ask that you stay with us , safe within these hallowed walls . - I will follow my own path . - Your Majesty ... This thing murdered Victor Frankenstein 's wife . All in the heat of passion , Driven by emotions he was never taught to control . He maybe more human than he realizes . I understand Frankenstein never offered you a name . I would like to call you ... Adam . I promise you this , Adam . Each of us has a higher purpose . Yours is simply yet to reveal itself . They are but some of the scapulars of our fallen brothers and sisters . We have always been out numbered in battle . After many hard-fought victories , our ranks have thinned . Demons however ... remain strong . To help you survive against them . The Queen has asked us to provide you with weapons . Demons can only be descended with sacramentals . Blessed objects , such as the crucifix or holy water . Any object can sacramental , by marking them with the blessed symbol of the Gargoyle Order . - Descended . - When a demon is killed , it 's spirit descends to hell , where it remains trapped for all eternity . How do you descend a Gargoyle ? We are sacramental beings of light and good . We ascend . And only in the hands of godless creatures that have no souls . You do not want those . There are blunt and crude ... And are far too heavy to weild . Adam , you have strength , and speed and stamina ... Far beyond that of any human . You could use those gifts . Take sides in a war that you 're already a part of . I do not care how many demons he descended . You should have let me destroy it . I am not blind to the risks . The fact is ... Adam is alive , and all life is sacred . - It 's not human born . - Neither are we , Gideon . Here ... Lock this in the vault . It must never fall into Naberius 's hands . It is but a book , your Majesty . It is written proof that God is no longer the sole creator of man . Adam . If ever you should change your mind , you will always find refuge here . Trusting others is a mistake you only make once . And so I resolve to seek out the farthest corners of the Earth . Where no human , demon or gargoyle would ever find me . So many years passed I lost track of time . Yet I do not grow old and die , as humans do . Victor Frankensteins final curse . I thought Naberius demons had forgotten me . But I was wrong . And I unleashed all my rage upon them . I had hidden long enough . Now I will hunt those who were hunting me . I return to the place I had left so long ago . The human world had changed in the time I had been gone . But some things ... had not changed . If the demons could find me in the wilderness , It was only a matter of time before they found me here . Which is why I had to find them first . Naberius , where is he ? Police ! Put down your weapon ! Good evening , Mr. Wessex . Where does life begin and where does it end . Tonights experiment represents a combination of three years of work ... Time is fleeting Dr. Wade , and I 'd ask that you not waste mine . Commence reignition sequence . DCI in the right ventricle . Discharge outlet three joules . For the record , subjects heart is currently dormant . Fire current in three , two , one . Clear and shot . Muscle spasms in the upper torso and legs looks good . Intracellular atrial electrical activity . - Ventricles activated . - Atrial Fibrillation . Place an ectopic beats . Start of irregular heartbeats . Ventricular Fibrillation . The subject is in cardiac arrest . - Top loading 50 joules . - Load raised to 50 . - Increased heart rate . - Load raised to 100 . - The pulse is weak ! - Double it again ! - I can 't ! - Double it ! - That 'll kill it ! - It 's already dead . 200 joules . Live . There 's a heart beat . - Switch to life support . - Life Support functioned . Sinusual established rhythm . It 's breathing . Sir , we have a situation . You 're certain ? No , sir . But the way it attacked ... Strong and fast , like a Gargoyle . It descended seven of us . I managed to fight it off . I think I wounded it ... I think it 's wounded . It descended seven demons ? Yet you escaped ? - Well , I thought you 'd want to hear this . - Yes , you presumed . You presume to know what I want . Well , considering how long you 've been hunting the creature ... And you thought I want you to tell me about the creature , rather than capturing it yourself was the choice you made . Interesting . Do not ever ... presume to know what I want . Is that understood ? Forgive me , Prince ... Naberius . Ophir , if you think ... No . No ! When do you begin ... the final stage ? Mr. Wessex , our bodies are the most complex organisms in the universe . Animate a single rat is one thing ... but a human is still far out of reach . Is it ? What do you know of a scientist , by the name of Victor Frankenstein ? Frankenstein is a myth . A horror story made up to scare children . All scientists are skeptics , Dr. Wade ... However I would 've suspected that a scientist in your particular field , would have to wonder if such stories just might have some basis in fact . Electricity couldn 't be harvested in the 1790 's , let alone channeled into a human subject . And where did he go ? Why did he disappear ? If he really reanimated a human corpse , Why not share this technology with the rest of the world , to save lives and cure paralysis ? Perhaps he wasn 't as magnanimous as you are , Doctor . Every scientist keeps a record . Even when their experiments end in failure . But there ought to be at least a record of his work somewhere . Drawings or a set of notes , something . Just because something is yet to be found , does not mean it does not exist . But if Frankenstein ... was real , if he really did ... reanimate a human , would it help you to study it ? Yes , absolutely . But Mr. Wessex , it would have to be over 200 years old by now . There would be nothing left but a few brittle bones . It 's the first and only one of its kind Dr. Wade ... Who 's to say how long such a subject and might live ? Our 's is a war that must be fought in the shadows . It is not an open battlefield for you to do as you please ! I 'm descending demons aren 't I ? Do not pretend that you are doing this for us or humanity ! You care only about yourself , Adam . Did you know a human was killed in that alley tonight ? I didn 't kill him . Your actions led directly to his death I 'll be more careful next time . There will not be a next time . You will remain here until the Queen decides what to do with you . You can not keep me here , Leonore . I can hardly risk unleashing you on the streets of this city . My life is my own . You will not take it from me . Your life was not granted to you by the grace of God ! It was frabricated in a laboratory , and until you learn to use it wisely , I will do as I must ! Then you are no better than Naberius ! When I met you , my first thought was to have you destroyed . But then I looked into your eyes , and you know what I saw there ? Not a soul , but the potential for one . Now all I see is darkness . I know no other way . I am not human ... Nor gargoyle ... Nor demon . I am like none other . Ophir . How do you plan to remove the creature from the cathedral ? The gargoyles will protect it like one of their own . Yes , I shall be counting on that . Our casualties will be high but necessary . Zuriel , none of my legions ever had so worthy a commander as you . With their sacrifice of themselves so bravely , so willingly for anyone less . You know what this could mean for them . Do not forget . Now , bring me Frankenstein 's monster ! Demons are gathering outside the cathedral . - How many ? - 50 or so . By the power of God , descend to hell . Satan and all evil spirits . Secure the creature ! - Now ! - Ophir . Give no quarter . Take as many of them with you as you can . You 're our last line of defense . This is your sacred duty . This way . Ophir , give me a weapon ! Let me fight for my life ! No ! Keziah . I 'll do what I can . No ! I wish to be with Ophir . But it was forbidden by the Order . I will be beside him . Quickly , go help the others . - Where is Naberius ? - They 're expecting you . What do you mean expecting me ? We knew the gargoyles would do everything they could . To keep you out of Naberius 's hands . But in the heat of the battle , they left unprotected , their greatest treasure . All we had to do was lure Gideon and the others away . This one has a message for you . From Zuriel . - Tell me where Zuriel took her . - What do you care ? Are you going to rescue her ? She locked you up ! She despise 's you ! You are nothing to her . You 're just a grand human mistake ! - Where is he ? - The Walton Theatre Gideon is to bring you there in exchange for Leonore . Descend in pain , demon . The light embraces and protects thee . Lord . What are your orders ? - I beg you to reconsider . - There 's no time . Item 's in the vault are sacred . You can not remove nor replace anything . I 'll shall accept full responsibility ... You have not have the authority to do so . None of us do . And the Queen expressly prohibited it . Authority is not the problem . It is dangerous . You must know this . Of course I know ! But Leonore is the spiritual leader of the entire Order . Our only direct link to the arch-angels . Without her , we are but a dying flock of vigilanties with no hope of ever being reinforced . Is that you want ? May God forgive me . - Stay where you are , Gideon ! - Your Majesty . - You should not have come . - Weapons ! I am unarmed . As you instructed . Where is Frankenstein 's creature ? I no longer know . When I returned to the cathedral , it already escaped . Wait ! I 've bought something else . Gideon , No ! It is the private scientific journal of Victor Frankenstein . We found it on Frankenstein 's body , the night we rescued the creature 200 years ago . It contains ... in detail , how Victor Frankenstein conceived ... and then constructed his unholy abomination . And I pray that it may save my Queen now . Gideon , I command you take this journal from this place . And let me ascend . This one came in just this morning . The morgue , sold him to us . The liver was ruined , but other organs are healthy enough . Store it with the rest . What is that ? It looks like Victor Frankenstein 's hand written account , of how he bought his creature to life . This is better for us . This is everything we need to bring back our fallen . We 'll let the humans decide that . You asked for Frankenstein 's creature . I bring you something far more edifying . " Frankenstein " . You said there might be a record of his work somewhere . - Where did you get this ? - Is it real ? You tell me . We lost 16 . - Good warriors ... all of them . - I should never had held him here . This was the creatures doing , not yours . If it did not come back ... Was I wrong to keep the journal from him ? Everything you do is for the good of humanity . There 's no wrong in that . Although now that the creature knows the journals existence ... Why must you call him that ? Now that he knows , what are you prepared to do ? Find Adam ! Call every Gargoyle you can spare place and them on every roof top . And when we find him ? We bring him back here again ? Sacrifice even more of us to protect him ? What if I put an end to all this and deny Naberius 's prize as we should have done long ago . God did not put Adam on this earth but he did allow to live for over 200 years against incredible odds . It is not for you or I to deny God 's purpose . Sooner or later your majesty ... you will have no choice . - Eels . - What was that ? Electric eels , that 's where he got his power source from . - You know it 's actually a fish ... - Six electric eels , generating 500 volts each . That 's 3,000 volts , that 's enough to kill an elephant . How long did he hold the current for ? Three bursts of 5 seconds each . That 's 15,000 joules . It makes you wonder how long the thing lasted . Think of it , all that energy coarsing through it 's veins , powering it 's heart , lungs , nervous system . One 's survive like a birth What would it take to kill it ? Look at it 's eye 's . They way they hold you . It suggests a certain level of intelligence . Maybe Victor Frankenstein just drew it that way . I want to re-examine our cellular reproduction formula , I think we 've missed something . Leave him be ! My apologizies for the jealous nature of our security . Perhaps if you had simply knocked on the front door , this unfortunate , awkwardness might have been avoided . Who are you ? Charles Wessex . And you ... must be Frankenstein . My name is Adam . We are all sons of our fathers are we not ? Denying who we are only means that we are ... lost . I am adjourning , a partizan of progress . Like your father , I too seek to unwravel the mortal coils of life . This is Dr. Wade . She 's one of the worlds most respected electrophysiologists . Hello . I have been trying to replicate Victor Frankenstein 's stone triumph ... for quite some time . What I 've read in the journal has already been extremely helpful . Is reasonable , Adam . You are a living miracle . You contain the answers so many seek . - I seek my own answers . - Of course you do . Stay with us . Help us to understand your father 's work , and together we can unlock those answers and many more . Yes . Victor Frankenstein gave you life , but could not restore your soul . Could it ? There 's no sign of the creature . It could be anywhere by now . It will find a safe place where it can study the journal , then it will come back here ! Come back ? I 've been pursuing the creature for the better part of 200 years . - It will Return . - For what ? Mr. Wessex . Answers . - How I can help you , Doctor ? - Well you can start by please explaining to me what 's going on . We had a break in . It is a simple security matter . With all due respect , sir , but Frankenstein 's creature is alive . - Why do not you go home and get some rest ? - look , just who are you ? This gentleman works for me . A sort of extra layer of security , if you will . Well your extra layer of security the just blew any hopes I might of had of analyzing that creature . Didn 't you hear what it said ? It wants answers ! And I 'm the one that might have been able to provide them , the only one ! You maybe right . You tired , Doctor . It is late . You really ought to get some rest . Rest ? Mr. Wessex We 've lost both the creature and the journal doctor , what more can you do tonight ? I will notify you should we recover one , or the other . Go home , doctor ! I am not recording the visions of a madman . My methods and motives are scientifically valuable , achieve discover the cause ... and generation of life . cemetery has provided me the low raw material required . Break the boundaries ... of life and death ! Thank you . How certain are you it will come for her ? It needs someone to make sense of the journal . Only she could do that . I 'm not going to hurt you . Come with me . Why are you following me ? How close are you to reanimate a human corpse ? - I can 't tell you that . - Would this help ? I haven 't had the chance to finish it yet . - What if you examine me ? - Back at the institute ? Not there . Somewhere away from it . But all my equipment My notes , my research ! Know who it is you are working for . - Mr. Wessex ? - He 's not who you think he is . There 's a war , a war humans don 't know about . It 's been going on for centuries , it could mean the end of all mankind . - Between who ? - Gargoyles and Demons . I think your boss is a demon prince , called Naberius . A demon prince ? He 's been hunting me for over 200 years . Now I think I know why . We have to get off the streets . Come on . Naberius is storing human corpses beneath the Wessex Institute . Corpses ? We are still away from human trials . I 've seen the bodies . There 's enough to re-animate an entire army of monsters like me . What did you say your name was ? Adam ? It 's the name the Gargoyle Queen gave me . Look , I understand you probably suffered severe brain damage during the re-animation process given the level of ... This is real ! All of it ! I 'm sorry , I just don 't believe in gargoyles and demons . Frankenstein ! Oh shit ! Run . This ends tonight . I have seen the bodies . You 'll never be able to control them . Control ... has never been the problem . There are millions of demonic spirits trapped in hell , waiting for the chance to possess a human body and return to our world . What 's this got to do with me ? What the hell 's this got to do with me ? You ... have no soul and a demonic spirit can only possess a body that has no soul . No . You know what the best thing about having the journal is ? I no longer need to bring you in alive . I need it alive ! I need to study it ! Bring it back to the lab . You could read the journals , study it 's corpse . It 's corpse wont show me how it 's organs function , how they respond to tests . Let me bring it back to the lab , where I can open it up , and keep alive while I run my tests for Mr. Wessex . You can destroy it when I 'm done . The journal ! Okay , Remove your coat . I 'll search the cabinet . Sit down . Sit down , please . It 's okay . Please , it 's alright , you can sit down . We can 't stay here long . Hold still , please . Demons will be looking for us everywhere . We have to get to Leonore , the Gargoyle Queen . She 's the only one who can help us now . You saw that thing . You saw what it was . I do not know what I saw . They 'll come for you . - They need you ... to help ... - Help to do what ? Animate an army corpses to take over the world ? - Corpses possessed by demons . - Can 't help them and I won 't The first thing They 'll do . They 'll wipe out the Order Gargoyle . There 's so few gargoyles left they wont stand a chance . Then Naberius will launch a war , on humans . Kill most and enslave the rest . Your world will end . No ! And what will you do ? It 's nothing to do with me . - Of coarse it does . You 're as much a part of this world as anyone . - No , I 'm different . You 're not that different . I am a dozen used parts from Eight different corpses . I am a monster . You 're only a monster if you behave like one . Never had to thank a human , for anything before . We have our uses , I suppose . Look , Adam ... The journal is not here , sir . - How you feeling ? - I 've been through worse . What happened to Victor Frankenstein ? I see he vanished after his ... Wife died . I killed his wife . He hunted me . I would have killed him too . But he froze to death . I hated him . Have you killed anyone since ? Only demons . I 've finished reading it . It seems he , refined the process significantly after you . Their science is still amazing absolutely unconventional but ... I think I can reproduce it . Perhaps even improve on it . Frankenstein promised to make you a companion , didn 't he ? A promise he broke . Is that why you come to me ? You want me to fulfill Victor Frankenstein 's promise ? Carl ! I got your message . I thought you 'd be asleep by now . Carl , listen to me . I want you to leave Wessex right now . - Leave ? - and I want you to meet me at the train station . I 've yet to analyze all the data . Carl , please . Please just trust me . It 's about the journal . - Alright , I 'll be there in 20 . - Okay . Bye . You shouldn 't have done that . He knows much about the re-animation process as I do . If what you say is true , then he 's in danger aswell . We don 't need him . It 's not about what you need right now . I 'll go with you , to look after you . You go talk to the Gargoyle Queen . I 'll meet you back here in an hour . - Terra ! - That way you could just look after yourself . Your good at that . Here . CENTRAL STATION - Carl ! - i 'm sorry . - What ? - They made me do it . I had no choice . They made me ! Behind you ! You 've work to do , Dr. Wade . Release him . You lied to me . Yes , I did . But I had a higher duty to protect the human race . You understand what that journal is to me ? It is the chronicle of how I came to be . Who I am . What I am . You are a unique lonely being rejected by both your maker and the rest of humanity . And as a result you are filled with rage . You do not need a book to tell you that . Naberius has found a way to bring all the demons that have descended . - What ? - Possession ! In bodies that have no souls . Only the dead have no souls . What is the use of possessing a corpse ? There is none . Unless you can animate that corpse . Naberius has been planning this for centuries . And Victor Frankenstein made it possible . - How do you of this ? - I 've seen the bodies . There are tens of thousands . Where ? We are your friends , Adam . Never try to control you again . If you have Victor Frankenstein 's journal , Surely you see now that it must be destroyed . My circumstances have changed . I have someone with me now , a human . A scientist . I have to ... protect her . - What would you have us do ? - Get us out of here . And I 'll tell you where to find it . retrieve your scientist , come back here then we will take you where you wish to go . I 've made too many mistakes with you , Adam . I will not make another . You put your emotion before your sacred duty ! Follow him , Gideon . As soon as you have the journal in sight , Destroy him . Terra ? - Remember , I have no soul . - God will surely damn you . He already did . I know who you are , and I know what you want me to do . And I wont do it . I 'd rather die . Carl ! Carl ! You want it back ? Show me how . Excellent . Thank you , Dr. Wade . My Queen . We found the creature . Sir ! It 's here . " Him " , not " it " . This is the place . He led us here . Leave him to me ! Naberius ! Frankenstein . How good of you to come back . I 've come to destroy you ... and this place . The Gargoyle Order must survive ... And mankind with it . You can not destroy me , I have many other places like this all over the world . And as for the Order and mankind , nothing can stop their demise , let alone a monster like you ! Too Late Dr. Wade . We already have everything we need from you . I am a demon prince ! You will kneel before me here ! I know what you want Adam , what you 've always wanted . I will make hundreds like you . Tousands ! I have been gathering human corpses for centuries . Each one a host of legions demonic spirits , I will now summon from hell . You 'll be the first . You will be one of us . And you will no longer be alone . Your majesty , the moment they awake , they can be possessed . Destroy them . Destroy them all ! Welcome , my son ! You have possessed a truly remarkable body . I am not your son . And this body is mine . No , it is not possible ! You have soul ! - Gideon ... - I know . So ... why did you save me ? Because you 've finally found your higher purpose . Where 's the journal ? I don 't need it anymore . We do not ask for the lives we are given , but each of us have the right to defend that life . I have fought to defend mine . And when the forces of darkness return , you shall know I am out there , Fighting to defend yours . I , the descender of the demon horde . I , my father 's son . I ... Frankenstein .
