 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Lillian : At 10 : 00 tonight , blackouts began ravaging the west coast . Hospitals , nursing homes , emergency services all running off of emergency power . This thing 's 10 times the size of what happened in New York . All our fears regarding the aging grid have proved legitimate . It will take days just to restore the damage that has already occurred . We 're facing panic , riots , the closing of critical infrastructure - - Excuse me for asking this , but isn 't this a D.O.E. and FEMA issue ? The cyber-defense division has identified an advanced cyberworm inside the power grid . This is a hack ? Yeah , an incredibly sophisticated one . We have the entire fourth floor working to break the worm 's encryption . It could take days . I should take a look . No , no , no . No , no , no , no , no . Bad idea . This worm is like a python . It wraps itself around a system , squeezes the life out of it . If you tried to enter the power grid , it would immediately see you as prey . It could destroy the chip . You seem to know a lot about it . Oh , we 've seen it before . This puppy was built by Cortez . Seriously ? No one ? Guys , Cortez - - he 's a legend ! Do you remember the Americana Mutual hack ? No one knows how he broke into that closed system ! Nelson . Cortez has used this identical worm in at least three grey hat scams that we are aware of . What 's a grey hat scam ? Install a destructive worm into a corporation 's system , then you blackmail them . " Pay me , and I 'll shut down the worm . " it 's also called hostage-ware , and Cortez practically invented it . So , why hack a power grid ? That doesn 't fit the extortionist M.O. Well , most likely , it 's a , uh ... ego thing . [ Sighs ] You see , these high-level hackers are all out to prove that they 're the best . The physical grid is just the next frontier . Wait a second . Cortez screwed up with the power grid . How so ? It 's just the nature of the security system . It only allows access from local I.P. addresses . This worm had to have originated in Los Angeles . Gabriel , Riley , Nelson , [ sighs ] You 're going to L.A. to find Cortez . Cassidy , keep working with the fourth floor . See if we can 't dissect the worm from the inside . Jameson , coordinate with all the other agencies . Any chatter about Cortez , I want to know about it . Everyone , this is the cyber attack we 've all been afraid of . Millions of lives are affected , and we may not have seen the worst yet . [ Footsteps depart ] [ Door slams ] Nelson ? You 're awake . Fantastic . Nelson : Okay , check out the monitors . Do you see it ? Huh ? Can you see me ? See what I 'm walking like ? Oh , the camera records your shadow ? Not a shadow - - that is millions of wireless signals tracking my movements visually ! You 're seeing me through the wall ! Like sonar ? [ Door opens ] Exactly . And with this little nugget , anybody can have X-ray vision . All you need is a wi-fi connection . And a camera and a monitor , unless you 're me . All right , we get it . You have a chip in your brain . You 're amazing . [ Sighs ] Riley : [ Sighs ] Los Angeles looks strange without the lights . Nelson , what do hackers do in a blackout ? Uh , okay , well , it wouldn 't affect the real pros . They 're as dependent on power as they are on water , so they would all have contingency plans in the form of backup-generator systems . That 's it . That 's how we find Cortez . We look for the lights . [ Sighs ] About 10,000 computers are still accessing the Internet from the Los Angeles area right now . Are any of those encrypted ? [ Sighs ] 14 government buildings , 21 police stations , 106 fire stations , 122 hospitals , all using encrypted networks to access the Internet under emergency power . Okay , look in residential areas . A guy like Cortez would need a lot of bandwidth . It 's very rare . Uh , you 're looking for a high data rate of at least 45 megabits . Got him . Cortez lives downtown . Nice ! Riley : At least they have emergency lighting . We need him alive . Relax . I 'm not gonna shoot anybody . [ Keypad beeps , lock disengages ] [ Door closes ] Cortez , federal agents . Drop your weapon . [ Speaking Ukrainian ] We don 't want to hurt you . [ Repeats Ukrainian phrase ] Put the gun down now ! [ Gun cocks ] Uh-oh . " Uh-oh " ? What happened to not killing him ? [ Sighs ] What the hell ? Whoa ! Riley : Who the hell are you ? Gabriel : Troy Ricksen . Nah , man . You got the wrong guy . Troy , where are your parents ? Deceased 10 years ago . Car accident . After the accident , Troy and his older brother were put into foster care , split up . Oddly , Troy ended up with Ms. Schuster . Why " oddly " ? She died in 1901 . Start talking , kid . He hacked the system . You 're Cortez ? Who the hell are you ? And who 's that ? [ Sighs ] The guy that was about to kill you . You 're welcome . Lillian : Gabriel Vaughn - - one of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber Command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Amos : Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - the next evolution of intelligence . Troy : You keep calling me " Cortez , " but I ain 't never heard that name before . October 10th , Genus Corporation was hacked by a cyberworm that tore through their system , shutting down their servers . 30 hours later , they received an encrypted e-mail , offering to fix it for a price . What 's that got to do with me ? That e-mail came from your computer . Bet you used the ransom money to pay for this sweet setup . I still don 't know what you 're talking about . I read the e-mail , Troy . " Dear Genus geniuses , want your server back ? I can deliver it " . No way you could 've found that . I bounced that thing through 12 different countries . You see ? Look , man , I had nothing to do with the power-grid hack , for reals . For reals ? Then explain to me how your worm ended up inside the grid . Who are you working with ? Nobody , I swear . You saw that dead guy in there . He was sent here to kill you . Why do you think that is ? What went wrong , Troy ? You stiff them on the deal ? [ Chuckling ] What deal ? Someone paid you for that worm . Since the power outage , 36 people have died already , including a 6-year-old girl who died in an elevator this morning , trapped without her Insulin . How much ? Excuse me ? How much you gonna pay me to fix it ? Are you serious ? 20 g 's . 20 g 's . Call it a patriotic discount . [ Chair scrapes ] The hard way , then . Hands behind your back . Oh , whoa . Aah ! [ Handcuffs clicking ] Ow . [ Jet engines whirring ] [ Clears throat ] You 're Cortez ? You reprogrammed the MCM virus to spread through a closed network before anyone even heard of frog-hopping or Stuxnet . You can 't prove that . No , no , I 'm like a huge fa- - wait , how old are you ? You want an autograph ? Maybe . Riley : Nelson . Can you pull up the infected power grid so Troy can take a look at the worm ? Yes . [ Keyboard clacking ] See ? It 's your worm , all right . No , someone must 've cloned it . Soon as I find out who , I 'm-a bust some heads . Just shut it down , Rambo . I can 't . Can 't do anything till it finds its target . Target ? [ Scoffs ] You don 't know what 's going on ? You 're the I.T. guy . Oh-ho-ho ! I 'm not the I.T. guy . [ Chuckles ] This kid . " Kid " ! Kid , kid . [ Sighs ] I 'm a genius . U.S. freakin ' Cyber Command can 't hack me . Start talking , genius . Okay , school 's in session . The worm eats through a system , looking for a specific target , understand ? [ Flatly ] Yeah . We understand . So , it 's not targeting the power grid . No . Right now , the worm is like a kitten playing with a ball of string . Any sec , this kitten will become a tiger . Right . When is that ? When it smells the meat . Big man 's right . So , what 's the meat ? Give me five minutes on your system , and I 'll tell you . You mind ? Oh . [ Chuckles ] You talk . Nelson types . [ Sighs ] Whenever you 're ready . [ Alyona sighs ] [ Ukrainian accent ] Did he say anything else ? [ Ukrainian accent ] He 's in prison , Alyona . He does not have much to say . Was he angry ? About what ? That I have not been to see him . I 'm his wife , after all . That was his decision . What about - - Enough of the questions ! [ Sighs ] I apologize . [ Inhales deeply ] This cannot go on . You know that . [ Door opens ] [ Knock on door ] Co . Speak . [ Sighs ] There were complications . Complications ? Just tell me - - is Cortez dead or no ? No . And Piotr is dead . Cortez is the only one who can stop the worm . Do you want to be the one to tell my brother how you 've failed us ? No , sir . I will kill Cortez myself . [ Sighs ] [ Door opens ] Riley : You really hacked your way out of foster care ? [ Sighs ] I didn 't hack my way out . Hacked my way through . You ever think about all the things you could do with that gift of yours ? Yeah . I could get a tight crib with a view , a 911 turbo drop-top , and some sick-ass gear . Oh , wait . I-I did get all that . [ Chuckles ] You stole all that . Kid 's a genius , all right - - a criminal genius . [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] [ Keyboard clacking ] Oh , my gosh . What ? Hit " pound h-c . " You 'll get there 10 times faster . That shortcut only brings up recent activity . See ? Someone doesn 't know everything . Do they ? [ Keyboard clacking ] Okay , slow it down . Stop . Check it out . Every third character after the asterisk . Oh , I am so stealing that . You got this ? What do you mean , does he got this ? He would have to , like - - oh , no . What ? Yeah , what ? Yeah , what ? [ Sighs ] San Jacomo the nuclear power plant . My people estimate it will hit San Jacomo 's nuclear reactor in less than five hours . The worm will wipe the reactor 's health-physics system , initiating a full-scale meltdown . I recommend an immediate evac of the 50-mile exposure radius . That 's more than 4 million people . That would be difficult under normal circumstances , but in the middle of a blackout ? Everyone , hold a moment . Onscreen for everyone - - we 've just received some demands . The Novyy Svit Rvolyutsioneriv are responsible for the attack on your power grid . As you now know , we have ability to destroy your reactor , or to abort the attack if you simply release our comrade , Dominik Salvi . If you do not comply , your country will suffer the same dismal future that Chernobyl gave to our children . What do we have ? Brothers Torbin and Dominik Salvi ... [ Keyboard clacking ] ... are leaders of an anti-nuclear terrorist organization known as the NSR . FBI arrested Dominik on charges of bombing a nuclear research facility in Moscow which killed 52 and injured hundreds . We 're set to extradite him to Russia tomorrow . And it is no accident the video mentions Chernobyl . The Salvi boys grew up in a small town close to the , uh , ill-fated reactor . They likely witnessed all kinds of illnesses , deformities . Yeah , apparently , the NSR believes the world turned a blind eye to their community . Now , where does Troy fit into all this ? There 's a black market for every kind of weapon on earth , including cyber weapons . Torbin is the buyer . Troy is the seller . That doesn 't fit with Troy 's M.O. , though - - blackmailing large corporations . Perhaps . But we need to focus on the person who 's blackmailing us . Well , surely , this Torbin Salvi knows our government doesn 't negotiate with terrorists . It 's not our government he 's worried about . It 's the Russians , who plan to execute his brother . Nelson : There 's no trace on the video . Its signal was pinged off of thousands of servers to mask its location . We need to work Troy harder . Let 's get him back in here . Troy doesn 't know Torbin Salvi . You sure about that ? What do we know about Troy ? Well , we know he 's a genius . He 's an arrogant , selfish pain in the ass . Okay . Einstein was obsessed with Mozart . He felt that while Beethoven created music , Mozart found music , as if it were left for him by the universe . We 're comparing Troy to Einstein and Mozart now ? [ Sighs ] Okay , when I look at a computer , I see code . Troy sees code , too . The difference is , Troy ... doesn 't see the computer . You 've never met anyone like him before . Yes , we have . [ Sighs ] I 'll talk to him . [ Sighs ] What 's this - - little man-to-man chat ? Who are you performing for right now ? It 's just you and me , and I ain 't buying . I ain 't selling . You always selling ... that you don 't care about anything , that you 're better than the rest of us . You heard what your girl said . I got a gift . Yeah , she says that a lot . What happened with your brother ? Excuse me ? Drew . He 's old enough to take care of you , even has a kid of his own . That was the plan when you ran away , right - - live with him in Oakland ? What happened ? Where - - where you getting this ? Why the hell would I want to live with some dude 's ho and his wack kid , when I can be living on my own , doing my thing , nobody telling me what to do ? If that 's true , why do you spend so much time looking at the pictures he posts online of his family ? In my job , sometimes we deal with big numbers - - thousands of people affected by this or that . It 's good to remember they 're real people , Troy , people like your brother . [ Sighs ] That all you got , Dr. Phil ? [ Sighs ] Look , I think you know more about this worm than you 're letting on , Troy . Think you 're the only one with a gift , huh ? I got a gift , too . And the man that gave it to me told me we live in a world where one person and a computer has the power to end this world or save it , depending on how they choose to use it . And what 's this gift he gave you ? Let 's just say he trusted me to choose . [ Door opens ] Just stay here and think about that . [ Keypad beeping ] [ Lock engages ] [ Sighs ] Nelson : Wait , what do you mean , a " kill switch " ? I found it embedded in the code . It 's the key to the whole idea . Hacker sets a worm loose that only he can stop , because only he has the kill switch . Come on , Nelson . You see it ? You recognize that encryption ? Biometric authentication . Bi-biometric ? That could be a thumbprint , a retinal scan , even voice authentication . It is something unique to the hacker . Dad , check it out . The code is mimicking an EKG reading . A heartbeat . That 's it . Troy used his own unique heartbeat as the password . That 's the perfect kill switch ! It 's impossible to fake ! How 'd you do ? I got him thinking . Good . Because he 's literally the only person who can stop this thing . Kid hacked our car . Yeah . I 'm glad you got him thinking . Adam : The President wants a S.I.T. report . I 'd like to tell him something more encouraging than " We lost our hacker . " Tell him we 're three hours away from a reactor meltdown , and we should begin a large-scale evac now . I believe I said " encouraging . " He will want to pull Gabriel out . You know that . The kill switch won 't work without the hacker . Gabriel tracked the car using its GPS and is on his way to get him now . Thank you . Exactly where I said he 'd be . [ Sighs ] Dude , Troy , check this out . This infant troll 's trying to screw up my site . It 's freakin ' hilarious . What did you do , Danny ? You all right , T ? I saw your routing algorithm on the worm . That distance-vector protocol is all you . The hell are you talking about ? You stole my worm . You got any idea who you 're working for ? They 're terrorists . Don 't tell me some fool comes looking for code , and you figure you can make an easy buck if you don 't ask too many questions . I don 't have your skills , all right ? I can 't just hack my way out of this dungeon . I-I was being entrepreneurial . Entrepreneurial ? People are dead now 'cause of you . 'Cause of me . You gonna go to the cops ? I ain 't going to prison for your stupid ass . We 're gonna stop this thing , you and me , before anybody else gets hurt . Now , where do we find these guys ? No joke , bro ... they 'll kill me . Yeah , they 're gonna kill a lot more people than you . Now , where is the mothership ? [ Door opens ] Troy : Danny ! Aah ! Shots fired . We need tactical units to 111 Fordham East Street . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Speaking Ukrainian ] [ Gun cocks ] I can 't see any surveillance-camera feeds . [ Sighs ] Try tapping into the wi-fi signals . Right , Nelson 's new toy . It 's working . I 'm in . Troy 's in a back room , under a desk . They 're closing in . [ Sighs ] Riley . [ Bullet casings clatter ] [ Footsteps approach ] [ Sighs ] Are you okay ? They killed Danny . I 'm sorry , Troy . I 'm sorry , too . But there 'll be time to mourn your friend . Right now , we need you to focus up , okay ? We need you to use your kill switch . W-what do you mean ? We know about the heartbeat authentication . What , do you think I can just jump on any computer and turn this thing off ? I can 't do anything without the mothership . Mothership ? The original computer that launched the worm . We call that the mothership . It controls the code , the kill switch - - [ Riley sighs ] All of it . That 's why you came here . You were trying to track it down . You should 've said something . You need to trust us , Troy . I know what I need to do . What 's that ? Find the dirtbag that stole my worm , get my code back ... right after you shoot him . [ Sighs ] Anchorman : Due to a technical malfunction at the San Jacomo nuclear power plant , the nuclear regulatory commission has mandated an evacuation of the immediate areas surrounding the facility . The NRC main- - [ TV clicks off ] [ Sighs ] Dominik ever told you about Mitya , our younger brother ? He had an eye that could not see ... and lungs that did not work right . Our parents brought him to doctor , but the doctor refused to help Mitya . The surgery was too expensive , too impractical . That was when we knew . Knew what ? It 's us against the whole world . If you succeed , there will be many more children like Mitya . Yes . But they will be no longer so easy to turn away . Let 's see if I understand - - you want to give in to Torbin Salvi 's demands in exchange for the mothership computer ? I 'm not saying we give in . I 'm saying we pretend we 're giving in . We release Dominik long enough for Troy to engage the kill switch and shut down the worm . The state department spent months negotiating Dominik 's extradition . You know things are tense with Moscow . We are on the brink of a nuclear event . Doesn 't that trump the politics ? We have less than an hour , Adam . I 'll make the call . Thank you . We 'll head to Victorville penitentiary now . Okay , once you have Dominik in custody , I 'll contact Torbin and set up the exchange . How did this happen ? [ Sighs ] Lilian : Dominik Salvi is already in Russian custody . What ? How ? Jameson : The state department secretly moved up his extradition ... a day early , just after they received the demand video . Small-minded , fear-driven bureaucrats . The Russian ambassador 's plane is set to depart from Burbank Airport right now . [ Engine turns over ] Lillian : Mr. Ambassador , I 'm asking for your cooperation . If Torbin Salvi succeeds , these chickens will only be coming back to Russia to roost . [ Russian accent ] Yes , but here I have my chicken in hand . Dominik Salvi is personally responsible ... for the deaths of hundreds of innocent Russians . My country deserves to see him pay . And they will . Please ... just delay your flight for a few hours . I 'm sorry , Ms. Strand . We 'll talk again from Moscow . Too late . It 's taking off . Gabriel , we can 't let our only bargaining chip with Torbin Salvi leave that runway . I need you to get me in range . [ Tires screech ] Close enough ? [ Door opens ] [ Jet engines whirring ] I 'm in . A few seconds . [ Jet engines powering down ] [ Sighs ] How mad do you think the Russians will be ? What the hell just happened ? We got lucky . [ Sighs ] I 'll count your technical issues as a win for us , Mr. Ambassador . Yeah , well , the truth remains the same . I must bring Dominik Salvi back to Russia today . I 'm only asking for two hours . If Timothy McVeigh were sitting on a Moscow tarmac , would you not be demanding his immediate return ? Not if a delay might help prevent a nuclear incident . I need you to work with me here , serge . We 've exhausted our options . Without Dominik Salvi , we won 't be able to stop this worm in time . I need your guarantee you 'll return Dominik alive . [ Door opens ] You have my word . All right . You just make a promise you can 't keep ? Let 's hope not . Wanted to see me ? [ Sighs ] We have a very small window here , and we need to ensure that Torbin Salvi holds up his end of the deal and brings the mothership with him . Understood . I 'm only going to agree to the trade if the exchange is made inside the exposure pathway . This way , if Torbin goes back on the deal , he and his brother will die in the meltdown they created . That would also mean you 'd be potentially exposing Gabriel , Riley , Nelson . Yes . I 'm aware of that . Lillian . [ Sighs ] As soon as we lose control of the nuclear reactor 's coolant system , the radiation will breach the containment vessel . Hydrogen explosions will wipe out everything inside the exposure pathway . I know that , doctor . If they are there when the worm hits the reactor - - They will all die . That 's why it 's the right call . As long as Torbin Salvi understands that , he 'll be personally invested in preventing the meltdown , right ? Nelson : We 're all ready to go . That 's the EKG authenticator ? Yeah , it 's pretty cool , right ? It 's more accurate than a medical device and reads his heartbeats through his thumbprints . I need a moment alone . You got it . You meant the kid . Thanks for sticking it out with us . Half this job 's just showing up . What 's the other half ? Not screwing up . This pep talk sucks . You want to call him ? Who ? Your brother . Wasn 't his fault they split you up . He was 16 . You were 5 . You were easier to place with a family . Yeah , well , that sucks . That 's my point . Drew never left you behind . Truth is , he never stopped looking for you . You can 't know that . Actually , I can , and I do . [ Vehicle approaches ] [ Tires screech ] Come on . Keep him safe . Of course . In the backseat . O-one of us has to check out the computer and make sure it 's the real deal . Gabriel 's got it covered . No , no , no , we got to wire it up , make sure it 's really transmitting the code , not just pretending . You - - Gabriel will know . Trust me . I need to verify the computer . Take off his shackles first . No . You show me the computer , or your brother will be the first to die in this gunfight . We 'll take my brother now . You can keep the computer . [ Handcuffs click ] Get ready . In 2 minutes , that laptop 's gonna be sitting right here . Then in 3 minutes , I 'm-a kill it . Yes ! You want to knuckle it ? Is that what the kids are doing ? You know what ? I 'm good . [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] I knew you would come home to me . [ Speaks Ukrainian ] [ Grunts ] No ! Get down . Get down , come on ! [ Shouting indistinctly ] We have to get the mothership . I 'll cover you . You okay ? Are you okay ? Yeah . Torbin Salvi was sleeping with his brother 's wife ? How did we miss that ? It wasn 't on anyone 's radar - - not CIA , not FSB . The mothership ? Destroyed . Did we just lose this one ? I don 't know . [ Nelson grunting ] How bad is it ? Silicon substrate 's gone . [ Inhales sharply ] Copper connections burned out . It 's toast . Gabriel , we 're out of time . So - - so , just give up ? And I just killed all these people ? I didn 't say that . We 're not giving up . Right ? [ Sighs ] Right . Okay , walk me through it again . How 's this worm work ? It 's - - it 's like a heat-seeking missile , programmed not to stop till it hits its target . So why hasn 't it yet ? Because the power grid is complicated , okay ? The worm got distracted by a myriad - - That 's it . Distract it . Countermeasures ! We have a countermeasure vehicle that trails the presidential motorcade . It jams electronic-guidance systems , I.E.D. detonators , and even attracts heat-seeking missiles away from the president . I don 't get it . We can 't stop the worm from hitting its target , so we give it a new target . We build a virtual nuclear reactor . [ Sighs ] Gabriel : You think it can be done ? Theoretically , yeah . The worm identifies its target by looking for a unique set of heuristics . If we concocted a digital structure with an identical signature , we might be able to coax the worm to our honey pot instead of the real reactor . Might ? Well , if our analysis of the worm told us anything , it 's that it 's nearly impossible to predict . I believe that was intended in the design , yes ? Troy : Yeah , I figured if I couldn 't predict its sequencing , nobody else could , either . This is immensely complicated . Even with Gabriel , we won 't have time for the proper testing . There is no guarantee that this will work . But there is a guarantee what happens if we don 't try . All right , Gabriel . Let 's do it . We 'll start with the reactor blueprints . Okay , I 'm compiling the system code to build our reactor 's H.P. network . You 're compiling ? It 's a figure of speech . Gabriel 's on with Cybercom , where they 're building the phantom reactor . Okay , Troy . We 've got the basic build . Now we have to ensure our reactor gets hit first . How do we make this thing sexy to the worm ? It 's about the payload . The bigger our target , the more likely it 'll distract from the real thing . San Jacomo puts out 2,400 megawatts . Let 's do 10,000 . 10,000 megawatts could light up the moon . That should do it ! Okay . Mousetrap 's all set . You see it ? Whoa ! There it is . Nelson : Our own nuclear reactor , baby . Let 's see if the worm bites . Lillian : What are we seeing ? Gabriel just injected the digital reactor into the power grid . Do you see it ? It 's awesome ... Well , as long as the worm recognizes it . Now , if he does , the worm will enter the phantom reactor , destroy the code structure , and disintegrate along with it . And if it doesn 't ? [ Sighs ] It 'll pass through the digital sequence unimpeded ... slam into the real thing . Nelson : The worm stopped . Why ? What happened ? Found the phantom reactor . Check it - - it 's sniffing it out . Wait . No . No . It 's moving again ? Look like the worm called us out . It saw the phantom reactor for what it is . A fake . Wait . It 's turning around . Our data 's disappearing . [ Beeping ] It took the bait . It took the bait ! [ Laughter ] Nelson : Yee-ha ! It took the bait ! [ Sighs ] [ Laughs ] Yes ! Whoo ! [ Laughs ] You did it . We did it . Can 't believe it worked . Of course it worked ! You 're a genius ! That 's what I 've been saying the whole time ! Oh ! I love this kid ! [ Laughs ] Oh , my gosh . Lillian : The city of Los Angeles is back to status quo . Far as anyone is concerned , the pipe leak at San Jacomo has been repaired with no lasting damage , and the power surge that caused the blackouts has been restored . Dominik Salvi ? Still in the wind . You did the right thing , however the hammer falls . Oh , the hammer will fall , make no mistake ... which is why we will have to find him . Yeah . Mmm . Is this the last meal I eat before I go to prison ? Guess so . Good call on the burgers , though . That what you think - - we 're putting you away ? Look , Troy . You have something nobody else has . Yeah . Yeah , I got a gift . It 's not a gift . Then what is it ? It 's a duty . But you have to choose . When you turn 18 , you got a job waiting here for you . No . For reals ? For reals . Somebody here to see you . Well , I was hoping to see that pretty face again . [ Chuckles ] Why 'd you do this ? Because I 'm your friend . [ Sighs ] T-man . It 's really you . [ Drew sighs ] You 're with me now . You hear ? [ Crying ] You 're with me now . [ Sniffles ]
