 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Raina : Why would s.H.I.E.L.D. Keep details Of your death from you ? What happened in tahiti ? Dr. Streiten : Director fury - - He had a team of scientists working around the clock I wanted to die . And we should have let you . Coulson : Once we capture quinn , We 'll be one step closer to the clairvoyant . Where 's skye ? Agent coulson , it 's dangerous ... Sending her in like that , all alone . [ gunshot ] Oh . Oh , god . Hang on . Put her in there ! Is it working ? ! We need to get her to a medical facility and fast . She was shot twice in the abdomen At close range almost two hours ago . She 's tachycardic , hypotensive , And lost a significant amount of blood . We had to lower her core body temp In order to transport her here . It 's probably what kept her alive this long . We 'll do everything we can . Dear . I 'm a mess . No . You were great . Intubate , and let 's start getting that shirt off . [ monitor beeping ] Okay , let 's prep her for ex-lap . I 'm here . That 's unacceptable . I need to speak to director fury immediately , please . Why didn 't I stop her ? I could have . As if you could stop skye Doing anything she 's set her mind to . I shouldn 't have let her go after quinn by herself . What was I thinking ? It 's not your fault . She shouldn 't have been there . I 'm her s.O. It 's on me . The one to blame is the man who shot her , ian quinn . He 's responsible . Coulson : Yes , the message is , I have an agent dying , And there are questions only he can answer . [ beep ] [ sighs ] [ birds chirping ] [ woman talking over p.A. ] How is she ? Not good . The shots perforated her stomach And penetrated the large and small intestines . We resected what we could , but ... There 's been too much damage . So what 's next ? We can keep her comfortable , But you 'll need to make a decision On whether or not you want to keep her on life support . You 're saying there 's nothing to be done ? I 'm saying you need to call her family And get them here as soon as possible . We 're her family . In that case , I 'm very sorry . Finally . I was beginning to think you 'd forgotten - - Ohh . [ grunting ] Wait ! You can 't ! [ grunts ] why ? 'cause you 're defenseless , like she was ? [ grunting ] May ! May ! [ breathing heavily ] Outside , now . Aah . He deserves to die , not her . Agreed . But right now , quinn doesn 't matter - - Only skye does , and I need you to pilot the plane . You heard what the doctor said . She said there was nothing more they could do for her , But there are doctors who brought me back from the dead . If they can do that , I 'm betting they can save skye . [ metal clangs ] [ monitor beeping ] H.Q. Radioed in . They 've ordered us to hand over quinn for interrogation And transport to the fridge . Do you want me to arrange the transfer ? No . Quinn stays in our custody until I say otherwise . Yes , sir . Are you sure about this , taking her all the way to bethesda ? It 's where my file says I was treated after new york . I understand , but what makes you think The doctors there will be able to do anything different ? I know they saved you , but - - They did a lot more than save me . They kept me alive for days . Simmons : That can 't be . What you 're describing - - it 's medically impossible . Except for the fact that I 'm standing here - - Proof that it 's not impossible . And here 's more proof - - My file , describing how they brought me back - - The doctors , the procedures , the drugs . Sir ... It 's against the law for us to read this . Are you sure ? I don 't care about your clearance level . I 'm ordering you to read it . " death and recovery report . " It 's only recently That director fury gave me access to this . I 've gone over it dozens of times . I need you to decipher the medical parts of it I didn 't understand . Feel free to reach out to dr . Streiten . He should be eager to answer any questions you may have . Yes , I 'm sure I 'll have quite a few . So , what about tahiti ? Turns out , not so magical , Just false memories implanted to cover up what was done . Sir ... It says here Your heart was perforated , torn in half . That part of it I understood . And yet , they managed to heal the damaged tissue completely . We need to understand how . So we can do the same for skye . That 's what I 'm counting on . We 'll get right on it , sir . Thank you . [ sighs ] Hurt much ? I 'm fine . Coulson told me how long he was dead . But you already knew that , didn 't you ? I saw skye ... In the pod , Machines filtering her blood , breathing for her . I 'm not sure I 'd make this play - - Fly halfway around the world hoping for a second miracle . If coulson thinks there 's a chance in a million To save skye , to save any of us , he 'd take it . People like us - - we need people like him . So , yeah , it makes sense - - A lot more sense than the alternative . You mean giving up ? Or killing the man responsible . I did like seeing you go after quinn . You don 't open the blinds like that very often . Woman : S.H.I.E.L.D. 616 , this is tower michael tango . You are in violation of s.H.I.E.L.D. Directive 1297 . Disobeying a direct order . We didn 't hand quinn over for interrogation . Great . [ engines roar ] This is s.H.I.E.L.D. 616 . How do we proceed ? Prepare to be boarded and relinquish command . Really ? All the war and chaos in the world , And s.H.I.E.L.D. Sends a plane after us ? Three planes - - a small transport to dock And a pair of f-35s to make sure we hand over quinn . [ thud ] [ whirring ] If they scratched my paint , I 'm gonna be pissed . I 'll await your orders , sir . Garrett ? What the hell are you doing here ? Well , as opposed to the level 8 jackass I 'm staring at , I still follow orders . You 're the worst at following orders . Maybe ... But I like this one . You are to immediately turn ian quinn over For transport to the fridge . Agent antoine triplett , agent phillip coulson . You wouldn 't know it to look at him , But phil 's one of our finest . An honor , sir . Trip joined me as my specialist after ward came to your circus . Go secure the prisoner . Yes , sir . Phil , come on . Just because fury gave you this pretty plane Doesn 't mean they won 't shoot it out of the sky . Why are you really here , garrett ? S.H.I.E.L.D. Could have sent any security team to collect quinn . Why you ? You 've been chasing him , too . Since malta . Then yesterday , your little italian job Cost my team weeks of work . You can 't have him , not yet . This isn 't a request . Quinn shot one of my agents . She 's on life support in a med pod downstairs . We are taking her to the trauma center in bethesda . Quinn actually pulled the trigger ? Skye infiltrated his compound in malta . When he saw her yesterday , seems he took it personally . I never took him for a triggerman . He pays others for that . I 've lost three of my own chasing him . Then you understand why I can 't give him to you Until we save my agent . Because if she doesn 't make it ... Agent grant ward . Trip . [ chuckles ] Is garrett upstairs ? Yeah . You know , he still talks about That thousand-yard shot you took in bandung . It was 2,000 . So , what are you doing here ? Man , this is like the playboy jet . Mm . [ chuckles ] I mean , a guy could get soft bunking in a space like this . How did coulson swing such a sweet ride ? He died . That 's tight . You want to point me to the box you 're keeping quinn ? H.Q. Ordered garrett to haul his ass To the fridge for questioning . [ breathes sharply ] Is that a full bar ? You 're welcome to it . But , uh , quinn stays put till coulson says otherwise . Come on , man . Garrett was your s.O. , too , so you know how this works . Why don 't you remind me ? Garrett wants quinn . It 's my job to make sure garrett gets what he wants . Now where is he ? Can 't help you with that . No worries . I 'll find quinn myself . I 'm sure he 's tucked between the jacuzzi and the squash court . Hey . [ both grunting ] Agent ward , stand down . [ coughs ] Agent garrett and I have come to an agreement . He convinced h.Q. He could interrogate quinn here On our plane as we continue to bethesda . Well , I 'm a bit of a sweet talker when I need to be . You wouldn 't believe What I could talk this son of a gun into . Good seeing you , son . You , too , sir . And thank you . Saving the girl 's top priority , and she might know something . I 've never heard of half the drugs they gave coulson - - Gh-325 ? And what about This robotic-assisted - neural-micro-surgery They used to implant the tahiti memories ? It all sounds so diabolical . I agree . We can 't argue with the results . He 's walking around . Yeah , but at what cost ? You read the transcripts . He begged the doctors to let him die . This is different . Skye 's still alive . We have to keep her that way . [ cellphone vibrates ] Oh . I 've asked dr . Streiten to advise us . [ beep ] hello . Yes . Are you sure ? That can 't be . [ door opens ] And here I thought I was gonna get to play bad cop . Ian quinn , this is agent garrett . He 's here to ask you some questions . Oh , no , thank you . I - - my head 's still ringing from the last visitor . At least the last visitor left you with a head . I 'm not always that considerate . I 'm interested in one of your newer projects . Hmm ? Oh , but there are so many to choose from . [ grunts ] Let me be clear - - you have no rights . You have no lawyer . The only thing keeping agent coulson here From throwing you out of this plane Is the very weak heartbeat of a young agent downstairs , And the only incentive I have for not tearing your tongue out Is that you use it to answer my questions . Is that clear ? [ mumbling ] mm-hmm . You understand that ? No . [ groans ] Aah . Ohh . Tell us about cybertek and the deathlok program . Deathlok ? Catchy , right ? Sounds like some wrestler from the ' 80s . What is it really ? Those are dangerous waters , And the last agent that waded into them Wound up with two in the stomach . [ grunting ] So ... She 's still alive ? Yeah . And you better hope she stays that way . Is that why you shot skye , Because she saw what cybertek delivered ? No . I shot skye because that 's what the clairvoyant told me to do . May : You wanted to see me ? I just got off the phone with the trauma center in bethesda . Dr. Streiten 's gone off the grid . So we 'll find a different doctor there who operated on coulson . That 's the thing . Actually ... Coulson was never treated there . You 're not making sense . None of this makes sense . The doctors listed , the operating-room number - - None of them exist . None of them are part of s.H.I.E.L.D. What I find surprising is how a big-shot billionaire Could fall for this psychic mumbo jumbo . Oh , I doubted it at the beginning , But then I realized it would be mutually beneficial . He must have something pretty terrible on you . Shooting an unarmed girl ? Let 's just say I learned the hard way That obeying was in my best interest . Yet ... Here you are . Let me assure you it wasn 't luck That led me to your partner 's black sedan in berlin Or that he 'd open the door for a redhead Or those two agents in morocco . Do you think it was just a roll of the dice That my people found them in that riad ? No , it was the clairvoyant . Your clairvoyant say anything about me knocking your teeth in ? The clairvoyant sees everything Except what happened to him . This is still about me . Wait . You 're gonna need to rewind the tape , phil . You heard about my near-death before the battle of new york ? There 's more to it than that . I thought I was gone for seconds - - Turns out it was days . That 's impossible . Which is why the clairvoyant will do anything To know how it happened . Even order you to shoot skye . Garrett : Wait . You don 't know what s.H.I.E.L.D. Did to save you . That 's why we 're flying to where I was treated . So shooting the girl forces you to figure it all out . So the clairvoyant can finally see . Or you let the girl die . [ sighs ] [ engine roars ] Quinn shot skye for nothing . The place we were going , the doctors who treated you - - They don 't exist . Or maybe they exist somewhere else . This is s.H.I.E.L.D. There are always secrets . That 's my fear , sir . Your file is filled with secrets - - Experimental drugs , unknown surgical procedures We 've never even heard of . Frankly , fitz and I only understand About 70 % of what 's in here . Even if we do find where they treated you And we were able to replicate the procedure , There 's the other obvious question . Which is ? Whether we should . What you experienced , sir , If this file is even partially accurate - - No one 's suggesting that we submit skye To everything that I went through , But if there 's something in here - - a drug , A treatment that can save her , we need to find it . Figure it out . Yes , sir . You disagree . No . I think we need to do everything humanly possible to save skye . But we need to acknowledge that doing so Might give the clairvoyant exactly what he wants . It 's a risk we have to take . [ sighs ] [ monitor beeping ] How is she ? Deteriorating , and I don 't know how to stop it . The only thing I 've found remotely interesting Is something called " gh-325 . " Some kind of drug ? Agent coulson was injected with that , And literally minutes later , His wounds showed signs of cellular regeneration . Regeneration ? Is that even possible ? Even if this miracle drug does exist , We don 't know where to find it . We have no coordinates , No logs of anyone 's departure or arrival . I think maybe I can help with that . You 've set up the echo-chamber . Yeah , I made a couple of calls . A buddy of mine works in the archives at the triskelion . Agreed to let us access it from here . Hard to believe , but this cube contains All of s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s historical administrative data . Yeah , but if agent coulson 's operation didn 't take place At a s.H.I.E.L.D. Medical facility - - We won 't find any record of it here - - I know . But this also contains all interoffice memos , Travel arrangements , purchase orders . Maybe we can track down the location Through a virtual paper trail of some sort or another . Yeah . [ beeping ] [ gasps ] [ sighs ] okay . Well , let 's start with the travel memoranda From the date coulson got stabbed . [ beeping ] Here we go . Or , um , what about Dr. Streiten 's departure from the triskelion ? Maybe they have that . Yeah . Here . This is interesting . A world war ii bunker ? " collapsed " bunker . Definitely not a sanctioned s.H.I.E.L.D. Facility . " the guest house " ? Exactly . Guest house - - g.H. Gh-325 . Look at the file 's access history . The only record of it being opened ... Is by a level 10 operative . Director fury . Director fury . So , fury 's been to this place , and he 's the person Who sanctioned the operations on agent coulson . And why aren 't you trying to find the file ? [ beeping ] Ah , damn . Encrypted . Skye could crack this . What would she do ? It 's not an encryption . [ engine roars ] The guest house is not a s.H.I.E.L.D. Facility . We don 't know who or what 's in there . Be prepared for potential resistance . No contact from inside ? May : I 've tried every known channel - - no response . Place could be abandoned . Let 's hope not . We need the people inside to work on skye . Simmons is prepping skye to move at a moment 's notice , sir . Trip can help . He 's had med-tech training . Good . We do our jobs right , this will all go peacefully . What if they don 't want to help us ? I 'll say " pretty please . " We need the doctors alive and the place intact . If it does go sideways , fitz , I need you down there To determine what simmons can use to help skye . And then we take it . Let 's move . [ tone plays ] Alpha : Company ? Nothing 's scheduled for a couple weeks . Try the protocol . Alpha : How was the drive from istanbul ? Countersign ? No clue . Never heard it . Fitz : I can 't find it In any of s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s protocol directives . This is agent coulson with s.H.I.E.L.D. We don 't know the counter , but we have a team member In dire need of medical assistance . We know she can be treated here . Open the doors . Maybe we can work something out . Do you copy ? How was the drive from istanbul ? We 're looking for medical assistance . A person 's life is at stake . Will you help us ? How was the drive from istanbul ? " pretty please " it is . These guys are good - - hacked their way in . How the hell did they find this place ? Doesn 't matter . Didn 't know the countersign . You want left or right ? Left 's good . [ elevator bell dings ] There 's an antechamber and a set of glass doors . Can 't see much beyond that . Lights are all out . Well , they know we 're coming . Let 's go say " hello . " Clear . Okay , simmons , we 're going in now . Simmons ? Damn it . Comms are down . There 's too much mountain on top of us . Trust me - - it 's better . You don 't want them Hearing the horrible death we 're walking into . Humor , son . You brits are too serious . Besides , if the job was easy ... It wouldn 't be any fun . I 'm not afraid - - not yet . I suspect the real danger won 't happen Until we breach that bulletproof glass . Probably a stairwell back to the surface . What do you think , fitz ? Can you get us inside ? To certain , horrible death ? Absolutely . Okay , sir , just say the word . Once we get inside , everybody find cover . All right , gentlemen , here we go . [ beep ] We 've come for medical assistance . But you continue firing on us , we will defend oursel- - I count two hostiles . Copy that . Ready ? You got one of those little flash things ? Yeah . Ward . [ groans ] Clear ! See if you can get some lights on . Yeah . [ sighs ] No hard feelings , bob . Clear . We 're not done . This one 's hit . Shouldn 't be too hard to find . Coulson : Go . We 're gonna get you medical help . Is anyone else down here ? Where are the doctors ? Med staff doesn 't stay here . We 're looking for a drug - - gh-325 . It might help you , too . Do I ... K-know you ? I don 't know . I-I might have spent some time here awhile back . Then you know about ... The timer . Garrett : We got a problem ! [ breathes sharply ] Semtex . The whole place is rigged to blow . Fitz : There 's enough explosive To bring down the whole mountain on top of us . Sir . Less than 10 minutes . It 's probably a failsafe . If the guards had eliminated us , they 'd stop the timer . Since they didn 't ... Fitz : It 's some kind of emergency override . Skye could probably get past it , but I can 't hack the panel , Which means we 're trapped in here . You 're the guy who taught ward how to disarm nuclear bombs . Figure out a way to get us out of here . Let 's go find the drug . So this is some sort of medical facility . Yeah , but if nobody 's here , I 'm not sure it 's gonna do us any good . [ monitor beeping ] Tough when it 's your team . You guys go back a ways ? Not really . A few months . We have nothing in common - - couldn 't be more different . But you can 't imagine your life without her . Yes . You 've experienced that , agent triplett ? I have . Sometimes , a person takes you by surprise . Yeah . She 's very lucky to have you . I know anything bad ever happens to me , Hope you 're in my corner , too . [ footsteps approach ] May : Comms are down . If I don 't hear anything within the hour , I 'm going after them . [ rapid beeping ] Skye 's coding . Both of you , now . [ flatline ] How can we help ? I need a unit of epi . Got it . Don 't . Let me die . Let me die ! Is that where ... Yeah . The timer doesn 't control the explosion . It 's just a clock . Detonator must be somewhere else . It 's not in here , or I 'd have found it . There 's no time to search the whole compound . Maybe we can take some semtex , use it on the doors . Sir , are you sure you want to ? We should put suits on before we go in there . You 're right , but there 's no time . I wish I could speak to simmons . She 'd know what most of this stuff is - - Or , at least , what stuff not to touch . Uh ... Fitz . Oh . I don 't see any g.H ... Agent coulson . It 's locked . Here . Put these on . Got it . Time to go . We couldn 't stop it . Four minutes and counting . Almost there . There 's semtex throughout here , as well . This is it - - 325 . This is the one we want . We got to go . Get it up to simmons . Yeah . Sir . I 'll be right behind you . Go . Three minutes . Have you worked much with munitions , agent fitz ? Explosives are a fascinating specialty - - Very exacting . Too big a concussion could trigger a chain reaction - - Bury us like fossils for a thousand years . Guess we don 't have to worry About the clairvoyant finding this place . Agent ward ... Would you do the honors ? Ward : Thought you 'd never ask . [ gun cocks ] Can you slip through ? [ grunts ] go . All right . Get that drug up there . Coulson . Where the hell is he ? Phil ! Go with fitz . Make sure that drug gets to the girl . Agent garrett . Go ! Save the girl . Simmons : Weak , erratic heart rate . Each time we save her , I ask myself , " is this what skye would want ? " We didn 't come this far to quit . Fitz : Get o- - the ground immediately . They 're alive . Maybe we can - - [ flatline ] fitz , come in . What 's your status ? [ breathing sharply ] Garrett : Phil ! Phil , what the hell ? Clock 's not slowing down . It 's about to get really warm in here . Hey , you with me ? The guys are out already . They took the drug up to skye . No , don 't give it to her . The drug - - they can 't give it to her ! All right . You can tell them yourself . Right now , we just need to get out of this mountain And off the ground . Now let 's go . [ flatline ] You want more epinephrine ? We found it . What is it ? And how much , injected where ? May , get us off the ground , or it 'll fall out from under us . [ whirring ] [ engine roaring ] No ! Don 't give it to her ! [ flatline ] I was losing her , anyway . What harm can it do ? [ monitor beeping ] Come on , girl . Garrett : It 's working . [ rapid beeping ] simmons : She 's spiking . Stop it . How can we stop it ? Skye ! What 's happening ? [ crying ] [ grunting ] Fitz : Do something - - we have to do something . [ gasping ] [ beeping slows ] Her heartbeat - - she 's stabilizing . [ sighs ] Could someone tell me what we just saw ? The girl 's a fighter . What was that stuff you just gave her ? I don 't know . All I know is that it worked . You 're a real miracle worker . You did it . Something happen down there ? I 'm not sure . One minute , he was fine . The next , it was like he had seen a ghost . I have good news and bad news . Which would you like to hear first ? [ door closes ] Bad news , then - - there 's a fair amount . Your clairvoyant , the one who said he 'd have your back - - He 's a no-show . The site we were supposed to lead him to with our minds - - Blown to pieces , buried under 100 feet of rock . It seems the only psychic power your buddy has shown Is the ability to predict If you tell tell a rich , entitled dirtbag He 's gonna get away with murder , he 'll believe it . Trip . Girl 's gonna live - - Live to testify how a billionaire shot her Point-blank in the stomach . Oh , we got a great little home movie Of you admitting that , genius . This clairvoyant played you and left you to rot . You said there was good news . I did ? Oh , yeah . You still have your tongue . [ scoffs ] Let 's go . I want to thank you , garrett , For letting us keep quinn on the plane . Don 't mention it . There 's still time for me To make the rest of his life a long , living hell . I 'm counting on it . Something I need to ask you , phil . Of course . We 've known each other a long time . Yes , we have . Been in our share of tight spots together . If it had gone the other way - - if skye hadn 't survived , Were you really prepared to throw quinn off this plane ? You were the one who made that threat . I just asked to keep him on the plane for awhile . You 're right . It was me . My mistake . Till next time . Might be sooner than you think . My man trip 's got eyes for that biotech gal of yours . [ whirring ] Do you mind ? You did the impossible today . You saved skye 's life . Why aren 't you happy about it ? [ sighs ] They told me you were yelling to not use the drug , To not use it on skye . Why ? What made you change your mind ? [ whirring ] [ gasps ] Phil ? Phil ? You all right ? Being down there ... Seeing where I came from - - I just got really scared That she would suffer the way that I did . But she didn 't . For whatever reason ... She didn 't . " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . Nicole : I 'm gonna go see if they have a map . I 'll be waiting in the car , mrs . Mackenzie . [ chuckles ] [ panting ] Are you okay ? [ sighs ] no . No , I 'm parched and weary . Is all of midgard so desolate ? Midgard ? I don 't know where that is . This is death valley . Oh . I seek passage from this valley of death To a more bountiful land . I wish I could help , but ... It 's built for two . Y-you should ask the manager inside . Uh , maybe there 's a bus later today . She 's your bride ? Yep , since yesterday morning . And you prefer her to me ? Well ... Yeah . I prefer nicole to pretty much everyone . That 's why I married her - - together forever . [ chuckles ] Loyalty - - I admire that in a man . I am going to need your help if I am to remain free . [ engine revs ] Jimmy ! I swear to protect you and keep you safe , But I don 't even know your name . It 's lorelei . My name is lorelei .
