 Previosuly on Intelligence ... What would your Government do to you if they learned you made a second chip ? Who 's there ? Wait ! Stop ! You 're Mei Chen . You 're the one with the chip . It 's not a perfect world . We can make it better , dad . A great man taught me that . You need me . You can feel it . You are Adam ... and I 'm Eve . You 're not Eve , sweetheart . You 're the serpent . Thanks for coming to see me . I appreciate it . I don 't have much time here , Hatch . You 're the deputy director of the FBI now , Joseph . You want to - - you want to make time for this . Oh , no . It 's all right . I ordered up a little food . It was a long flight in . Drinking again , Hatch ? I didn 't order the champagne . The champagne is courtesy of the hotel manager . Please , sit . Please . Look . I 'm only here 'cause we have history . I know that . But like I said on the phone , I have proof this time . Come on , Hatch , I 've seen your proof before . That old woman from Lebanon ? She was a secretary in their foreign office . She saw the cables to Washington with her own eyes . And when we talked to her , she couldn 't remember her own name . They 're here , Joseph . They 've been here , lying in wait like snakes in the grass . What the hell is that ? I told you - - proof . Proof that the flood is real . Plug it in and take a look . If this is another one of your crazy ideas - - I 've been working on this for 20 years . Just look at it . What is this ? It 's them . The six tigers and a list of their code names and enough documentation to prove it . Without their faces , their real names , come on , what am I supposed to do ? Open an official investigation . I think a tiny sip of this champagne might be warranted . Who else knows about this ? I do and now you do . Welcome to the war . Gabriel ! Really ? Gabriel ? Gabriel . Riley , what - - what are you doing here ? Picking you up for work . Don 't you knock ? How could you not hear me ? What 's going on ? Are you sick ? I think I 'm hung over . How could you be hung over ? You had two beers . What else did you have after I dropped you off last night ? Nothing . Do you have a headache ? Wicked . You feel like throwing up ? Considering it . I 'm calling Dr. Cassidy . Oh , great , why don 't you call my mom while you 're at it ? I 'll be fine . I just need tomato juice , some soy sauce , and some peanut butter . A Vaughn family recipe . Okay , I 'm gonna throw up now . What ? The native Americans licked their own spit to cure a hangover . Sicilians eat dried bull penis . Stop talking . Just get dressed . I 'll wait outside . The Germans - - I can 't hear you . The three men dead are Joseph Bernard , deputy director of the FBI for domestic ops , along with his security man , and Colonel Alexander Hatcher , former head of intelligence for the U.S. central command in the Middle East . Hatcher ? He 's been retired for - - Five years . How do they know each other ? Bernard was in army intel before he went to the FBI . Hatcher was his commanding officer . So , the meet was social ? FBI regs are that Bernard should put all meetings on the books , even social . This one wasn 't . Okay , if you look at the bottom right of the surveillance video , you see a shoulder . Yeah , that has to be our shooter . The camera on the adjoining corridor that would 've seen this guy was switched off . A few seconds later , this one goes dead , too . Someone cleared his path . Exactly . The waiter has no record of strange political affiliations . D.C. Metro interviewed him , and he claims he left the room at 9 : 15 and didn 't notice anyone in the hallway . Oh , whoever did this has mad skills . The hotel 's key-card system was wiped clean . And our crime-scene team found no prints , no shell casings or fibers , and no DNA other than the victims ' . I 'm in their system now . Wait a second . You see somebody ? Yeah . Think I got him . Gabriel , do you recognize him ? Who is it ? It 's me . One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber Command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - the next evolution of intelligence . Status report . The chip 's functioning within normal parameters . No anomalies that we can find . That you can find ? The hell does that mean ? Nothing . It doesn 't mean anything . You don 't think I did this . No . Of course not . I didn 't kill anyone . No one here thinks that you did . But the director of national intelligence is on his way over , and he will need us to prove that . So right now , I need everything we know out on the table , starting with where you were last night . He was with me . All night ? Shut up . No . Not like that . Grabbed dinner and a beer after work , then I went home and Riley went home . Uh-huh . Separate homes , like we always do . Then you were alone . No witness to corroborate ? Corroborate what ? Your alibi . Why would he need an alibi ? He obviously didn 't do this . Lillian . What is it ? You 're not answering your phone . I had a headache this morning . A headache ? You 're supposed to report that . What kind of a headache ? The kind you get from drinking too much . Is that true ? I don 't know . Y-yes , I guess so . You don 't remember anything about last night , do you ? Lillian . What is it ? What the hell is going on ? Agent Neal , remove your hand from your weapon now . Adam ! I 'm sorry , Lillian . Agent Vaughn , on your feet , please . Are you charging him with something ? For now , we 're calling it protective custody . We 're keeping our asset safe . Yeah , this feels real safe . Outrageous doesn 't begin to describe it . You 're well aware of the mechanisms in place for events like this . Checks and balances , yes , I remember . I also remember such a thing as courtesy . Courtesy ? Courtesy would be sharing your lab results on that video . After Gabriel saw himself on the render , your people analyzed the video and confirmed what he did . And how would you know that , Jeff ? Are you spying on us again ? I know that because our analysis came up with the same thing . Now , there are only two scenarios , as far as I can tell . The first is that Gabriel went to the Windall Hotel , sentient and premeditated , and killed those men in cold blood . Ridiculous . What motive could he possibly have ? Until five years ago , colonel Hatcher was the deputy commander of CentCom . So ? So , he led the response team after the attack in Mumbai . He let the man who killed Gabriel 's wife escape . How 's that for motive ? You said there were two scenarios . What 's the other ? The chip was hacked and Gabriel was operated remotely by someone else . The chip can 't make him do things that he wouldn 't normally do . Some people take a sleeping pill , get up in the middle of the night , do all sorts of things they wouldn 't normally do . But they 're not remotely operated . Gabriel is not a robot . " Because the proposed chip " would utilize advanced optogenetics " to convert computer code to brain signals and back again , " there will always be a risk that a malicious hack could enable a dissociated cerebral action . " In colloquial terms , the subject could , in theory , be remotely operated . That was written 10 years ago in a classified report entitled " The Potential of Clockwork " by Dr. Shenandoah Cassidy . Explain to me what a dissociated cerebral action is . A hallucination whereby signals are blocked from certain areas of the brain to the conscious mind . But this notion that the chip could be hacked and Gabriel could be made to commit a murder , that 's scientifically impossible , correct ? What are we dealing with ? The program is still in beta , Lillian . We 're learning things every day . Is he under someone else 's control ? You 'll recall we built a very robust firewall . Just answer the question . It 's within the realm of possibility . The truth is , we just can 't know for sure . I 'm sorry . I know that must 've been hard for you , Agent Neal . What 's hard is seeing how little loyalty there is . Loyalty ? That 's an interesting word . What does it mean to you ? Support . Dedication . Commitment . What 's that saying at the secret service ? 90 % to the client , 10 % to the problem . All due respect , sir , I don 't consider Gabriel my client . I consider him my partner . I 've sat across from a lot of men who weren 't willing to confess , but eventually , they all come around . Except this isn 't some black site in Djibouti and I 'm not an 18-year-old kid you dropped in a hole for two weeks . You think your parlor tricks are gonna save you here ? No , I don 't ... but I do know one thing . What 's that ? Judging from your files , you 're more likely to have committed this murder than I am . Do you know that when Lillian first brought your file to me and asked me to take it to the president , I had serious doubts . Your experience and bravery certainly weren 't in question , but you were young and you were a woman . I had concerns about the possibility of an emotional bond forming between the two of you . Lillian nearly took my head off , said I was being sexist . I also had concerns about the fact that you killed your stepfather . He was my mother 's boyfriend . You were 15 years old , yet you didn 't hesitate to put him down . Not true . It 's not ? I hesitated . That 's why the first bullet missed . I 've never made the same mistake again . At the time , you claimed it was self-defense . It was . Truth is ... you were defending someone else - - your mother . What is your point , sir ? That protection was always in your blood . Makes me wonder ... how far would you go to protect Gabriel ? Do I need a lawyer ? Yes , you do . But first , you have to pass a polygraph . If it 's any consolation , I don 't think you did it - - not consciously , anyway . This is insane . I should be out there right now finding answers . You 're not going anywhere . And you 're not going anywhere because you 're a dangerous weapon that can 't be controlled . As far as I 'm concerned , you 'll have that chip ripped out of your head before you walk out of here . I had a feeling you were gonna say that . Sorry . Code red . Gabriel Vaughn has escaped . Get in . Riley , what the hell are you doing ? Do you want to go to prison or you want to get in ? Hey ! Hey , you ! Stop ! Stop where you are ! You still doubt this man is out of control ? Yes , I still doubt it . Well , my team will be weapons hot . You took a punch , Jeff . Get over it . I 'll get over it when your cyborg is in a cage . Oh , and how long would you propose keeping him in this cage ? For the rest of his life , like any other murderer . Easy , now . We 're still not sure Gabriel did this . Oh , it no longer matters whether or not he 's guilty . Is that so ? He ran , which proves the president 's greatest fear , that you cannot control and contain the asset . But I can and will . I 'm sorry , Lillian , but Jeff 's right . The president expects absolute compliance . These are my people . I can bring them in . They were your people . As of this moment , Lillian Strand has been removed from her command until further notice . DCI Jeffery Tetazoo is now acting head of Cybercom . As such , he will be leading the manhunt for Gabriel Vaughn and Riley Neal . You will all give him your complete loyalty . Do I make myself clear ? Director Tetazoo , C-Doc is yours . Even with the considerable technological might of Cybercom , Gabriel will have the advantage here . But I 'm going to rely on the doctors Cassidy to ensure that any advantage is minimized . Let 's begin by re-deploying all mid-Atlantic drone and satellite coverage to the D.C. area . I want every piece of silicon inside the D.C. Metro area monitored - - ATMs , traffic systems , all of it . I want I.P. addresses accessing those systems recorded in real time , and any anonymized protocols are to be flagged immediately . If Gabriel tries to get eyes on something , I want to know about it . You 'll all put aside whatever personal feelings you have and do your jobs . Any noncompliance will be dealt with swiftly and with extreme prejudice . Let 's get to work . Lillian . It 'll be all right . So , this is happening . Easy . Do we have a problem here , Agent Jameson ? No . There 's no problem , is there ? Nope . I just have one question so I 'm clear . Is there a force protocol on this mission ? Force protocol is echo-foxtrot for both the asset and his accomplice . What the hell does that mean ? It means the acting director of Cybercom doesn 't care if he brings them in dead or alive . This should keep the S.U.V. out of satellite view . What about GPS ? I disabled it when we left Cybercom . You have practice being a fugitive ? Plenty of practice hunting them . So , now what ? Keep out of sight till I can figure this out . Until we figure it out ? You 're going back , Riley . Back where ? I 'm the one they want , not you . Well , it 's a good thing I don 't work for you , otherwise , I 'd have to follow your dumb orders . I 'm not gonna let you throw your career away . As we cover up the getaway car I just drove ? Good point . I have no regrets . No ? You went from protecting the president to riding in blind with a malfunctioning robot ? Ow ! Robots don 't say " ow . " You 're not a murderer . I saw what I saw . I 'm on that tape . It is a very sophisticated frame job . We both know it . Do we ? Yes , we do . Well ... we at least have to consider the possibility . I can 't remember anything from that night , and we both know the chip can be unreliable . But you are not the chip . You 're a man . A man I trust more than ... any other . Look , president Reagan , he was shot at the Washington Hilton . And for months afterwards , there was a man who paced the sidewalk where it happened . He was a secret service agent who was investigating the case . If we want to figure out the truth , there 's only one place to go . The scene of the crime . We have to go to the Windall Hotel . No , I better not . You know , one of the nice things about bourbon is you don 't actually have to drink it to enjoy it . Sometimes just holding it in your hand can be comfort enough . Plus , what else do you have to do ? Nice . Removing me was a mistake . Nobody knows Gabriel like I do . I can bring him back safely . What are you hearing ? Nothing . Are you lying to me ? Yes . Truth , dad . Am I out ? It 's not clear yet . The Clockwork program 's always been vulnerable . For those in the know , the science is frightening , the power is breathtaking , and the budget 's astronomical . That all adds up to a target on your back . Well , this is personal with Tetazoo . He 's been out to get Clockwork since day one . Get up off the ground already . You know , dad , I didn 't come here for a lesson . I came here - - For what ? You need a hug ? No , I don 't need a hug . Good . Then start doing what I taught you to do . How ? They kicked me out . So what ? Did they give you a lobotomy ? You don 't need permission to ask questions . I am asking questions . No , you 're not . Not the right ones . You 're too close to Gabriel and Clockwork to see past any of it . On the other side of it is your real target . That 's where your brass ring is . The murders . A former military intelligence officer who once had access to our most sensitive middle east intel has an off-book meeting with the deputy director of the FBI . Why ? We need to find a vehicle . A minivan is not a vehicle . Look at the window . There 's an on-sat system . You can chip it . You really want to steal this ? Well , borrow . And , you know , on the list of felonies that we 've committed today , grand theft auto , it 's way at the bottom . When we 're finally found and arrested , you want everybody to know we stole a minivan ? Can 't we find a mustang or something ? Bad karma . Hello , Gabriel . Goodbye , Gabriel . And good luck . Before we start , you all need to know that just sitting here with me can land you in prison . If you get up and leave right now , I would completely understand . Hey , folks . Can I get you anything ? A chocolate shake . What ? They make a mean milkshake . You 've been here before ? Nope . They 're really good . Strawberry for me , please . Vanilla . Butterscotch . Coming right up . Incidentally , I 've committed a felony already today . Gabriel may have popped up on the grid . Shh . Someone had an agenda here . This wasn 't just an assassination . But how do we know that ? Because there are easier ways to do it , even without the Gabriel component , if there is one . It 's a D.C. hotel with an advanced security system , not to mention 300 guests coming and going . Sorry . Look ... three things get you killed in our business - - who you are , what you know , or what you have . Hatcher is not in the game anymore , which makes him the mystery , not Bernard . Could Hatcher have been working some covert op we 're not aware of ? No , his name doesn 't appear in any roster in any of the 3,000 registered organizations in the U.S. intelligence community . On the surface , Hatcher isn 't important enough for someone to go to all this trouble to kill . That means that he either knew something or he had something that made him important . Jameson and I are gonna figure out what that was . What about us ? You and Nelson are gonna figure out how it 's possible that Gabriel 's face is on that tape . Guys ... what if Gabriel did do it ? Weatherly and Tetazoo may not be affording him the presumption of innocence , but we owe him at least that much . All right . I 'm gonna call in sick tomorrow . No . You will go in and you will report to Tetazoo - - all of you . As long as you 're on the inside , we 'll have access to everything we need , and you 'll know when Tetazoo is close to finding Gabriel and Riley . Dare I ask ... you heard from him ? No . But if I had to guess I think they 're doing the same thing we 're doing . Don 't worry . Nobody can see us . I 'm running a loop on those right now . In the cyber render , I was standing here ... waiting . So , the security guard was the only one in the room who was armed . He never drew his weapon . So he was the first one shot . He was standing over here , so that means shot came from about here . So whoever it was ... was standing right in front of Hatcher . He was opening the champagne . So , the shooter puts one in the back of the only other gun in the room , turns to Hatcher , close range - - one right under the chin . Bernard would 've been next . How tall was Hatcher ? 5 ' 8 " . My height . You . Just took out the security guard , your gun 's raised . You turn , quickly shoot Hatcher . Look at the trajectory . You would 've had to have been crouching . You 're too tall . It couldn 't have been you . Well , if it wasn 't me , how did I end up on that video ? I 'll put on a pot of coffee . Gonna be a long night . We need everything we have on digital video camera , technology , CCD chips , video comp- - I 'm on it as soon as I make a sandwich . You just ate . Ooh ! Do you have any Havarti cheese ? I just love ... " Tidy up the workshop " ? Excuse me ? Whose handwriting is this ? Dad . Stay back . Aah ! Ahh ! Evening , boys . What are you doing here ? Are you guys okay ? We were so worr- - Nelson ! Stay where you are . Doc , what 's the matter ? What 's going on ? On August 1 , 1973 , I kissed a girl under the Asbury Park boardwalk . Okay . Good for you . What are you talking about ? What was her name ? I 'm confused . Are you okay ? What was her name , Gabriel ? Loraine . Her name was Loraine . Is that the right answer ? Yeah . Thank God . It 's you in there , isn 't it ? All me . I 'm sorry , guys . I had to be certain . That name has never occurred in any database . I 've never written about it , I 've never spoken about it except to Gabriel one night six years ago when I 'd , uh , had a little too much champagne . August 1 , 1973 ? That 's the day you married mom ... whose name 's not Loraine ! It 's a long story ... I 'm sure it is . ... which we will talk about some other time . Boys . Can we focus ? Look , Gabriel didn 't do this . No . Of - - of course he didn 't . No , he couldn 't have done it . We just walked the crime scene . The math doesn 't add up . The shooter was much shorter . That 's terrific . Wait a second . Stop . What about the video ? The hard drive that the image was stored on was never altered or tampered with . Is it possible the incoming image was changed before it reached the hard drive ? Doc , what is it ? Stupid . Stupid ! Yes ! The security camera uses a CCD sensor . Each pixel on that sensor is represented by a P-doped mos capacitor . When light hits the sensor , the photons - - Doctor . Any chance of this being in English ? Right . Right . English , yes . All right . Um , the pixels . The pixels are really just an electronic pulse . Theoretically , each pixel could be individually modified to display a different image than the one represented by the incoming photons . Dad , for the love of God , just get - - There 's no other way to say that ! The trick is it would take enormous speed and processing power to do it in real time . His chip is probably the only one that can do it , and why would he frame himself ? No . His chip is not the only one that could do it . Oh , my God . Mei Chen . We have to find her . How ? Doc , I need you to lower my firewalls . No . No . Absolutely not . The last time we lured Mei Chen into one of your cyber renders , we almost lost you . If we can 't prove that Mei Chen framed Gabriel , we 've already lost him . Okay , kids . Proxy server 's deactivated . Moving to the application layer . Filtering is now partially disabled . Isn 't this the part where you tell me what a bad idea this is ? And then you ignore me and do it anyway . Oh , my . Guys , can we just do this already , please ? Stateless firewall 's down . All right , your chip is now vulnerable to infiltration . Lord help us all . No sign of Mei Chen . What else can you do to lower my defenses ? One more layer . Dad . Just ... The trick is leaving you exposed enough to lure her in but not so unprotected that she can actually compromise the chip . Don 't worry , doc . I know how to get her attention . I was afraid you 'd forget about me . Framing me for murder 's a nice way to remind me . I missed you . Why 'd you do it ? It 's just business . Nothing personal . Business ? So someone paid you to do this . I don 't do anything for free , except this . The walls you try to put up between us are so artificial . We 're the same , you and me . You murdered three people in cold blood . In one reality , yes . Is there more than one ? You tell me . We 're too powerful for them . You 're too powerful . Which is why they can 't let you survive . Look how quickly your friends turned on you , and now they 're hunting you . I 'm the only person on earth you can share this with . This reality is one we 're making . Just the two of us . You 're inside my mind right now , and I 'm inside yours . Can you ever share something like this with her ? Don 't you get lonely , Gabriel ? Yes . I can give you everything you want . I can show you things you haven 't seen yet , things that you can do that they haven 't told you about . Got her . You didn 't leave me with much of a choice . You don 't want me as your enemy . Not now . You framed me for murder . That doesn 't exactly make us friends . There are things you don 't know . What things ? Excuse me ? What things don 't we know ? Let me go , and I 'll tell you . I 've never been a gambler , but that sounds like a pretty bad bet . Well done , Gabriel . I don 't know what you did to distract her , but you kept her from sensing our trace . Riley has her . I know what you did . You dropped some sexy on her . I expect copious details . It 's for science , dad . Has he told you about our renders ? No . No . I suppose he wouldn 't . Spare me . Let 's just say he 's more carnivorous than I was expecting . I hate to disappoint you , but he was playing you . No one plays that well . What can you tell me about the flood ? The flood ? It 's an Iranian program . Hatcher was obsessed with it . Pretty much cost him his career . Why don 't I know anything about it ? Because it 's a myth . Three people were not murdered because of a myth . Yes ? Lillian , it 's Gabriel . Gabriel . It was Mei Chen . Mei Chen ? She 's the one that killed those men and framed me . And , Lillian , we have her . Well , bring her in . No . What do you mean ? Why not ? I 'm not gonna risk handing her over to Tetazoo . Understood . Chandler Square . Can you meet me in an hour ? I 'll be there . Alone , Lillian . Of course . Agent Jameson ! If you click " send " on that phone , you will spend the next 20 years in a concrete box . Back in the early ' 80s before he ran intel for CentCom , Hatcher was a field agent with defense intelligence . He apparently became fixated on the flood . What is it ? It 's the Loch Ness monster , Bigfoot , alien abductions . It 's a legend , like any other , whispered in dark , smoky rooms by old spooks . I guess we 're in a dark , smoky room with an old spook . Okay . During the Iran hostage crisis in 1979 , we started hearing rumblings of a crazy idea bubbling up through the Iranian savama . That was the name of their intelligence agency then . The idea was to insert sleeper agents in U.S. society . Like the Soviets . With one key difference - - recruitment . The Soviets always recruited from within their borders and attempted to teach their people how to blend in with our society , often with disastrous results . Supposedly , the Iranians had a novel idea - - recruit in America . Find people who either were sympathetic to Iran or who could be made sympathetic by fulfilling certain financial needs . Did it ever come to fruition ? Unlikely . Well , what if Hatcher found proof of this myth and it got him killed , along with the deputy director of the FBI he was turning it over to ? I 'd say that 's a big leap . We 're in the business of big leaps . You taught me that . I 'm gonna bring my people in along with Mei Chen . She won 't cooperate . I 'll make her cooperate . Rooster you be careful . There she is . Looks like she came alone like we agreed . Good . So , how do you want to do this ? Stay close , keep an eye on her . I 'll check in with Lillian . You 're making a tragic mistake . You think you 're one of them . You 're not . You 're just a piece of hardware to them . You didn 't have to be so alone . You made that choice . No , I didn 't . Someone else made a choice to put this in my head - - your heroic Dr. Cassidy , remember ? He chose to save his own life at the expense of mine . Your mind is spinning along with that uniquely American moral compass you 're all so proud of . That 's enough . Let 's go . She 's not alone . Shut up . It 's a trap , Gabriel . Look at me . This is a trap . I 'm not picking up any radio transmissions . Gabriel ... she knows you . Remember ? This doesn 't feel right . Gabriel ! Find that shooter ! I want him alive ! You were set up on me ! What did you expect ? Call them off ! Why are you shooting at him ? ! That wasn 't us . You expect me to believe that ? Call them off ! It wasn 't us , Lillian . Doesn 't make any sense . Why would Lillian - - He 's not going to make it . He is going to make it ! We 're checking rooftops right now , sir . No sign of the shooter . What about Gabriel ? Negative , sir . Find them . Remember - - no radios , nothing electronic . Go . Gabriel . Gabriel . We can 't stay here . It 's not safe . How did you know ? How did you know they 'd fire on us ? You don 't get it , do you ? There were two shots fired . The last one was meant for you . How did you know ? How did I know the government would turn on you ? Who do you think hired me ? I was hired to kill those men and frame you for it . Hired by your own government . That 's right . This is bigger and more insidious than you can possibly fathom . Who hired you , exactly ? Give me a name . We 're on the same team now .
