 The endemic that only men were affected is called Redface Pox . Moreover , only young men were affected with this disease . Eight out of every ten who fell victim to the plague died . The male population of the country continued to diminish at a frightening rate . However , with no effective cure for it ever found , the plague continued to spread from the mountainous villages to all over Japan . It was during the Shotoku era . The number of men was down to only 1 / 4 of that of women . " Never shall I speak of things I have seen or heard ... " " ... inside the inner chambers ... " " ... to my parents , my brothers or sisters ... " " ... or to any other person beyond its walls . " Bow down for the entrance of our Liege ! Subtitle by Aldi Arman Ooku - The Inner Chambers Summer , Shotoku 5 ( 1975 ) Hey , hey ! Out of the way ! Out of the way ! Hold it tight ! Miss ! Please hang on ! Miss ! Miss ! Miss ! I give up ! I lose , Yunoshin ! What 's this ? You 've still got a lot of strength left . Mitamura-san . You dropped your sword on purpose , did you not ? Come ! Another ten bouts . Please spare me ... Deputy Master , shall we call it a day ? What ? I agree . This is enough ! Your passion for fencing is indeed a madness . Keeping you company shall make everyone fall ill . What ? O-Nobu huh ? It 's fine if you came bringing some food ... I have brought some rice balls for you . Yes ! Practice is over ! Over ~ ! You indeed saved us all . Thank you very much . Delicious ~ As expected , O-Nobu 's rice balls are really the best . Speaking of which , Mitamura-san 's got some good muscles , but he lacks mettle . Or rather ... He has not experienced enough the feeling when his life is at stake . Of course not . No one 's life is at stake here . Perhaps he might need it if we were still in a time of war . But in this day and age , it is nothing more than a samurai 's accomplishment . Why so ... Are you telling me I 'd better practice some singing or dancing ? I like your fencing very much , sir . However , you see , while it 's true that men are stronger than women , their bodies are much weaker . That is why , I 'm afraid you would get sick if you push yourself too much . Oh , but ... You too ... In order to give birth to healthy babies , you have to keep well too . You had better be good and stop associating with me . If so , from now onwards , these mundane poor ladies who favor you so much will be bringing you rice balls , am I right ? I hope you liked the food . May I please have a child . May I please have a child . May I please have a child . May I please have a child . May I please have a child . Hey , hey , hey . Am I the Buddha or something ? Regarding you , sir , I doubt if there is such a divine Buddha like you . The Buddhas I used to worship so much have all turned crimson . All my elder and younger brothers , everyone of the men ended up being crippled by that Redface demon . O-Yae . Do not worry . You will definitely give birth to a healthy child . Even if you bear a baby boy , Redface Pox can do no harm to him . His mother must keep well , so that she can raise up an excellent son . Hey , take it back . I said I require none of this . That I cannot do , sir . For someone of your stature , sir , to accept having me on the same bed , for just that much , I cannot thank you enough . Even the highest courtesan in Yoshiwara could not have been better to me than you were , sir . That 's shameful of them ! How can they be called courtesans when they cannot even please a woman ? It 's fine ! You keep this . I am truly indebted to you , sir . For giving a reason to go on living . You are back home early . There is very good news , Yunoshin . This time , you have received yet another very excellent offer of marriage . You are still continuing that talk ? The other party is the daughter of Baron Miura of Hizen , who is a commissioner of temples and shrines . It seems that she is much attracted to external appearance , so as long as her groom-to-be is handsome , she is willing to overlook all of his other defects . Well , I am sure appreciative of that . You are already 19 years old . A proposal as opportune as this will not come to us again . How to put it ... I don 't care about those things . This is not a question of whether you care about such things . A man like you must marry into a good family , and then beget as many offspring as his wife can bear . That is the foremost thing . Your infatuation with the daughter of that merchant family is absurd . Nevertheless , Mother , is it not of the right order for you to find a groom for my sister first ? That is not a matter for you to worry about . You only need be concerned about yourself . I have long wished to express my deepest gratitude to you , Mother . In this era , should a poverty-stricken samurai family raise a son , it is like having a valuable studhorse , and renting him out to generate money is perfectly a matter of course . And yet you , Mother , have never once sold my body to strangers . Never once . I well know what that has meant for our impoverished family ... Yunoshin ... Mother . Please allow me to return this great favor you have done me . I shall find a more rewarding path for me to spend my life , one that is far more beneficial to our family than a marriage . He has grown into adulthood now . Even if I said that , how shall I go about doing it ? I can 't keep wantoning away like this any longer . How unusual or you to invite me out like this . Is that so ? Indeed . Today , there is that right ? The Night Festival . Speaking of which , we used to go out a lot in the old days . Lately , it seems that you have been quite busy at night . You are so popular with the ladies , are you not ? I know it . That many women have asked you for your seed , and that you have never refused anyone . That is not to mention this era we are living in . Yet you never demand any payment from them . Because I demand no payment , they all come to me . Not because I 'm popular or anything . That is just like you . You are very kind . O-Nobu . Those women do not sleep with me because they have love or passion for me . I know that . They just desire a child , something that can give them a reason to live on . For that sake , they kneel down to someone like me . Is it not heart-breaking ? How could I not lend them my help ? Well then , ... if I kneel down to you too , would you do it , sir ? O-Nobu ... If it is your wish , I would not mind spending the night with you , my dearest childhood friend . You know very well that is out of the question . I certainly do . You are the daughter of a wealthy trader of medicinal herbs . You are to wed a husband from one of the big merchant families . Well , it would be bad for you to dally with the son of a moneyless Hatamoto family like me . Pitiless ... You are so very pitiless , sir ! The Inner Chambers ? Did you just say that , Yunoshin ? It is not like I 'm going into the army , I would be very bothered if you are that surprised . I am already 19 this year . It is considered late for a man of my age to grow into manhood proper . More importantly , I ought to break with my trifling lifestyle , and as a man , I feel obligated to fully devote myself for the sake of the family . Should I be accepted into service in the Ooku , I shall receive an allowance too . Not only would you have one less mouth to feed , I would also be able to send home money . However , should you enter the Ooku , unless it is for something so grave , you would not be able to come out even for a short leave . Shinoya . But ... but ... Yunoshin . You are sure your heart will not change ? Yes . In this samurai household , for you , Mother , who has tried your utmost to protect my pride as a warrior , and for Father and Sister too , I am resolved that this is the only path I could go for the sake of you all . Having you as my son ... is my utmost pride as a mother . I shall keep those words at heart , and exert myself to the best of my ability . While in the Ooku , you must protect our Shogun , without fail . Mother . Father . Sister . You have taken great care of me for so long . Ah ! There you go . How is it ? See my new blue tonsure ! Makes me look even more manly , don 't you think ? So it is true ... right , sir ... You truly are going into the Ooku . Lend me this , will you ? I will fix this sandal strap . That is just like you . Tell me , what shall I do once you are gone ? Alright . Like this , it will not snap anymore . Alright . Look ! What is it ? Do you yearn so much to wear beautiful robes and live in luxury ? Is that it ? You good-for-nothing ! Be well . O-Nobu . Sir ... ! I shall be entering into service as a page here . My name is Mizuno Yunoshin . I am a groom of the bedchamber . My name is Matsushima . Yes ... ! Woah ... People usually say that the Ooku is home to 3000 handsome men . But in fact , that number amounts to not even 800 . These 800 men are , first , divided into two categories , those who are deemed noble and worthy of our Liege 's sight and those who are unworthy our Liege 's sight . Yes . And then these two categories ... are further broken down into chamberlain , yeoman of the chamber , groom of the bedchamber , valet of the chamber , each of whom is in charge of specific duties . For one who serves here as a page like you , your task shall be to take care of your superiors ' personal belongings . While your rank is unworthy of our Liege 's sight , it is the highest position on that side . As long as you are devoted , it is no pipe dream that Her highness might take a fancy to you . Bear that in mind and work hard . Yes . You are stepping on my hem . Oh . For this , I beg your pardon , sir . These are the seamsters . They sew all the robes worn here in the Ooku . Cleaning duties are assigned to houseboys . Houseboys ? They are unworthy of our Liege 's sight , and have the lowest rank in the chambers . Even these people and everyone else are from very wealthy background such as respectable families of merchants . Those people there are also houseboys . They are from the kitchen . But indeed , there are scores of men here . It makes one forget the fact that the country is lacking men . This is the place that house those who are worthy of our Liege 's sight . Courtiers ' Quarters . That is the most powerful man in all of the Ooku , Fujinami-sama . Although the highest rank belongs to the grand chamberlain , ... in actuality , the person who controls ... all the doings inside the Ooku ... is that person . Yes . I shall tell you one final thing . Whatever you may see or hear from now on in the Ooku shall remain untold . Break this pledge ... Your name is Mizuno Yunoshin , is it not ? Yes . It is a good name . However , from now onwards , you shall be called by your surname , Mizuno , only . As it is , " Mizuno " has a pleasing reverberation , and is indeed a suitable name for the Ooku . When people cast aside the name used in their earthly life , they are reborn . All right , Mizuno ? Yes . I am a newcomer here . My name is Mizuno . I am pleased to make your acquaintance . Such an indecently narrow topknot . Behold the rough kimono he is wearing . If you are a newcomer , let me teach you the way of this place . Yes , I am very grateful for that . Firstly , have off the hair on your legs . The hair ... ? Our current Shogun is still a seven-year-old young maiden . And one of the things she dislikes is hairiness . Oh ... I see . Hey you , they are just making fun of you . Yes ? If you shave the hair off , you will feel itchy . Seldom do we have someone so rustic here . Most probably , he is the son of an impoverished Hatamoto family , pushed into this place so that the family has one less mouth to feed . Look at this , the color of his kimono . He looks like a rat . And then how narrow this topknot is ! It 's disgraceful . What is this for ? Trying to hide your near-bald head , are you not ? Are you not ? Are you not ? That hurts ... Shame on you . Who is the one that looks disgraceful ? You ugly toad ! Let me tell you about the tonsure . During times of war , men had to wear helmets and so they shaved their hair to keep their heads cool under the iron helmets . It is , so to speak , the proof of a samurai ! And yet look at you . At your age , you are wearing the long topknot of a callow youth , which in my eyes is far more revolting ! How dare you speak to me like that ? Generally speaking , I purposely wear my own topknot like this . This is the most fashionable hairstyle in Edo now . And then this kimono is ... Well , it is certainly not of the highest quality , but its brownish grey color is the most in vogue , and is worn by all the men in Edo . So I ask you , who here is the rustic bumpkin ? How dare you ... ! Oh , shall we fight ? The afternoon duties are about to start . I beg your pardon for not having introduced myself earlier . My name is Sugishita . You had better go change your clothes fast . You must not make a snapping noise like that . Wipe the dust away with gentle strokes . Another daily duty is to pass the Masters ' robes over scented smoke . The ... the Masters ? That means the gentlemen who are worthy of our Liege 's sight . But , good grace ... there are so many goldfish and cats in these chambers . You have to call those " cats " " Honorable Cats . " What ? That is one of the rule . Then , it means that ... we have to call this " Dear Honorable Goldfish ? " For someone who have been raised as the cherished son of the Hatamoto , perhaps you are not accustomed to these things .. but it is not possible that all the positions in the Ooku are glorious . Oh no . These tasks are downright easy . My family is so poor to the extent that is is laughable . From working as a servant at the bathhouses to scrubbing the boards covering the town sewers , in short , I have done everything , other than sell my body to women . Alright . Mizuno , fetch this to Matsushima-sama . I understand . Matsushima-sama , is it ? Matsushita-sama . I have come fetching your supper ... Mine was brought to my chambers long ago . Please pardon me for my mistake ! He has just entered the pages ' quarters . His name is Mizuno . Quite a refreshing man , I must say . Is that right ? What was that ... Is that so .. ? So that is how it was ... Fire guards passing through ! Watchmen doing the rounds ! Guard you fire with care ! Be vigilant - ! Fire guards passing through ! Watchmen doing the rounds ! What is it ? Be obedient ! Ahh ... in looks only ... What are you doing ? Pages who do not know where they stand shall be disciplined like this . Our Liege is only seven years old , which means there is practically no woman in this Ooku . Do you understand now ? We rub a man 's buttocks hole with clove oil to make it feel like a woman 's body . Let me go . Is it dreadful ? Hmm ? You fool . Are you insane ? Drawing one 's sword in the Ooku is strictly forbidden ! Shut your mouth ! If I am compelled to commit harakiri later , then I 'll slay the three of you first before going to hell . This is not merely a threat . If you dare to try this again with me , I will absolutely cut the lot of you down . It 's terribly noisy ! Don 't be bothered so much by last night 's happening . It is commonplace in the Inner Chambers . Is that really so ? Many times I have laid with men myself . If you are fortunate enough to become friendly with a chamberlain or groom of the bedchamber , you might have the chance of getting promoted in the ranks . That is the reason why so many here in the Ooku have kept their forelocks . What is this ... If you could just take one step out of the Edo Castle , there are numbers of woman who are desperate to bear children but are unable to due to lack of seed . I cannot do it ... I cannot act as if I can wastefully throw my seed in vain . We are only goldfish . We are useless creatures , kept in the goldfish bowl that is the Ooku . And our job is merely to be kept . Having so many man together is to no earthly avail . And they let their precious seed go to waste . However , this very wastefulness is the extravagance of this world , It is the evidence of our Shogun 's might and power , is it not ? Begin ! I accept my defeat ! Good posture . You certainly have skills . Fujinami-sama ... There , there . Lift your head . Yes , sir . What is your name ? My name is Mizuno . Mizuno ... Oh ... You are Mizuno , that page ? I have heard rumors about you . Instead of performing the night duties , you fought them off brilliantly . Yes ... How about this , Mizuno . Will you not step into the fencing hall and have a bout with one of them ? However , my Lord , I belong to the rank that is unworthy of our Liege 's sight . The Ooku is , by nature , the place where the men shall tender Her highness with utmost security . This is an extremely important mission . I will make an exception for you . Now , among all of the men present here today , who is the one with the most brilliant skill ? Yes . That person is Tsuruoka . Tsuruoka , have a bout with Mizuno . Yes . His first opponent is Tsuruoka ? The odds are against the newcomer ? This is worth watching . Begin ! As expected of Tsuruoka . He did not even glance at the opening Mizuno purposely created for him . Though looking quite light , he has a body ... that cannot be built without daily practice . Mizuno wins ! Excellent , Mizuno ! I am terribly sorry . Since you have such tremendous strength , I was unable to stop my sword completely . And also , allow me to thank you ... Encountering someone with such exquisite swordsmanship like you , I am truly very happy ! Then ... Please grab my hand ... What swordsmanship .. ! Don 't get so full of yourself . It is far more important in this Inner Chambers , to have a beautiful face and impeccable manner . Regarding beauty , I am far above you . Matsushima-sama ... You have worked hard , Tsuruoka . It was a good match . No , but I ... Well , Mizuno was just a little more skillful than you . There is nothing to fret about . Matsushima-sama ... Do not touch me . It is unsightly . O-Nobu ... This place is dark . Even though it is crowded with men who are blessed with such beauty and talent that can dazzle one this much , everyone 's heart is dark . I 'm from a low-raking vassal family with an income of thirty bales of rice , just enough for three people . Even among the low-ranking vassal family , there is no lower stipend than that . What 's more , my parents , unlike your own , forced me to lie with women every night for money . Every night ever since I turned 14 . There were some women who would press red hot fire irons on me . There were some who have diseases . When I was married off at the age of 18 , I could finally escape that dreadful hell . I was really happy . But after several years of marriage , we were still without child . In the end , they put the blame on my lack of seed . And I was divorced . In the last months I spent there , I was hardly given anything to eat . It was impossible for me to go back to the penniless house of my parents . And so when I was 23 , I entered here into the lowest rank of houseboys . Washing and scrubbing heavy pots and buckets or any other physical work , mingling with sons of merchants , sometimes getting raped by the seniors here , all of these did not inflict on me any longer . Perhaps to you , the Ooku may seem a hateful , thoroughly revolting and rotten place . But there are people who cannot live their lives anywhere else . Woah ! That is Mizuno-sama ! He is so handsome ~ ! What shall I do ~ ! They are your admirers . My admirers ? Words about your match with Tsuruoka-sama the other day have been spread around and garnered much admiration . Someone , go there . Then , Kakizoe , you go ! Ah ... I am terribly sorry . Oh no big deal . Never mind that . Excuse me ... Since it has gotten cold lately , please do take care not to catch a cold , sir . Yeah . Thank you . Kakizoe , you did it ! You did well ! He is so handsome . Subtitle by Aldi Arman I have been waiting for you , Mizuno . Tsuruoka-sama ? Mizuno . Fight with me one more time . You have taken away my position . There is no chance I could ever forgive that . Please stop this , Tsuruoka-sama . This is inside the castle ... Be quiet ! How could you understand how I feel ? Do you know ... how much I have had to withstand in order to be where I am today ? Please refrain yourself . There is absolutely no reason for me to fight you , sir ! Draw your sword , Mizuno ! I cannot do that . This sword is ... for the sake of protecting our Liege . I cannot not draw this sword ! Die . Please ... put your sword back , Tsuruoka-sama . As her samurai , let us protect our Liege together . Do not come near . I have heard about it ... That Tsuruoka suddenly attacked you , and that he ended his life by committing suicide . No . That is decidedly not true , sir . I also heard your cheek has gotten a cut ... There is no such thing , sir . Then it is fine . I will convey to Fujinami-sama and the Outer Chambers that Tsuruoka has passed away due to grave illness . The same thing will be conveyed to Tsuruoka 's family . Yes . The seventh Shogun of Tokugawa Tokugawa Ietsugu The Shogun 's Privy Councilor Manabe Akifusa My poor Liege . Ietsugu-sama ... Ietsugu-sama ... Her highness has passed away earlier that we could have thought . It has been decided that the succeeding shogun will be Lord Yoshimune from Kii Province . Since a new shogun will be crowned , the Ooku will also be made anew . Before long , we would not have so much free time on our hands anymore . I wonder about that . It is said that she is very thrifty . I heard Lord Yoshimune even said that renewing the Inner Chambers is a waste of the country 's resources . Is that truly so ? According to what I have heard , Lord Yoshimune of the heads of the three branch houses , was the first to reach Edo Castle when our Liege just passed away . The Kii province bribed one of the chief retainers to intentionally delay the report of our Liege 's critical condition to other branches . Is that right .. Women are pernicious . Bow down to the entrance of our Liege . Your Highness . How does this swept-up gown please you ? Manabe , you mean this uchikake over-garment ? Yes . This is the custom here in the castle to call it so , for one sweeps up the hem of it with one 's hands when walking . It 's beautiful . However , Manabe , I am sure I have told you the other day that I require no luxurious garments . With all due respect , I believe I have faithfully followed your command that your robes be the most simple , my Liege . However , anything simpler than this would be deemed humble , and it will mar your great reputation , my Liege . This place is not the same as the hinterlands of Kii province . I understand . Then there is nothing to be done about it . I am most grateful . Your understanding is above all else . Well then , Manabe Akifusa . Pack your belongings and be gone by the end of the day . Pardon me ? At this time when there are unprecedented economic hardships , for one who is charged with ruling the nation and rebuilding its finances to pad around dressed in such extravagance , it seems to me that that this is something only a lunatic will do . And it strikes me that you are afflicted with precisely such lunacy . I cannot have such a madwoman like you serve me as a privy councilor which is an important government post , can I ? This is ... Did you not hear me ? Disappear from my sight . Yes . Later to become Yoshimune 's Intermediary Kano Hisamichi Is it true ... that Her highness shall not hold an audience in the inner chambers for some time ? As for Her highness , since she is much occupied with affairs of the state ... However , Kano-dono , our shogun has been into her reign for ten days , and she has not once seen fit to hold a general audience in the inner chambers ... Well , but this is not as though she will never come here , sir ... I should think not ! I cannot help but think that the conduct of our Liege in this instance will lead to others ' heaping scorn on the inner chambers . What on earth could Her highness be thinking ? The future of this country . Would you not like some flowers ? Let see , let see . Today it is quite dusty around here . Ah ! I am so sorry ! Do not be bothered . You indeed have vigor . If only the women in this country have the same liveliness as yours . Selling oil and sauce ~ Please buy our oil ! Out of the way ! Out of the way ! Stop running ! Don 't block the way ! Wait , you rascal ! Out of the way ! Out of the way ! Wait , you thief ! Do not be so tense , Saburoza . Being under your protection in my every step I find it much less pleasurable to travel incognito . I humbly beg your pardon . I have always wanted to know how the people in this country make their living . I wonder how that must feel like ... For a mother , perhaps it is her utmost wish to have her son survive by all means . Recently , Redface Pox has been spreading quite rapidly again . Thus , the number of men continues to decline . Attract more customers for me ! You too ! Both of them are such excellent men ~ That is right . As expected of Master . Our young Master has such a discerning eye . Our eyes met ! Is it not alright ? Just enter our store ~ Even in such a condition ... they still have to be doing all this ... Do not talk back to me ! Quickly go and come back , you moron ! Wait a moment ! I hear that one in five people can survive . Take care of yourself . My Liege , Later to become Edo Capital 's Magistrate Ooka Tadasuke I would like to express my gratitude for your utmost hard work today . Are you dissatisfied because I went out to the street , Echizen ? Nothing can be further from the truth than that . However , before long , you might want to consider visiting the Inner Chambers , my Liege . That is what Echizen-dono has been contemplating . O-Nobu-sama . As the ruler , I ought to resolve urgent matters at hand . I am not in the position that allows me to deal with men now . With all due respect , Holding a morning 's audience is also a task a ruler must do . That is indeed correct , O-Nobu-sama . Call me " Your Highness . " I am promoted to ... a groom of the bedchamber ? Absolutely . This time , you will finally be able to appear in front of Her highness . Afterwards , through that way , you would be considered together with other grooms of the Bedchamber . If you are lucky enough to become her bed partner , you might even ascend to the position of the Father of the Successor . Oh ... Fujinami-sama has been extremely pleased to have been acquainted with an excellent samurai like yourself . Welcome back , sir . Allow me congratulate you on your promotion . Master . Oh , no ... You need not call me Master ... From now onwards , I have been commanded by Fujinami-sama to serve as your personal attendant . And as of today , I have been elevated to the rank of cupbearers . I always expected to end my days here in the pages ' quarters . This is more than I ever dared to hope to attain . Master , allow me to direct you to your new apartment ... Alright . This time , I have been assigned to tailor your formal attire , Mizuno-sama . My name is Kakizoe . Oh . You are ... ? I shall exert myself to the best of my ability . Considering your features , I would suggest that strong colors be most suitable for you . Perhaps a scarlet or maybe a deep blue ... No . I want black . Black ? As for the pattern , I want something large and bold , in just one or two places ... Can you make a formal attire as I have just described ? What would you think of such a design ? A black background , upon which a single large pattern of a flowing water is dyed in a somber , smoked silver on the back ... And then , gold ... No , a golden brown ? No , all will be black . I beg your pardon , sir ! I did not mean to annoy you with my endless rambling . No . I like it . I like your proposal . You have a surprisingly great taste . Very swell . I shall leave it in your hands . Do it as you see fit . Everyone , this is the newly appointed groom of the bedchamber . Mizuno . My name is Mizuno , In the coming days , I hope to receive your kind guidance . Mizuno . Is this the first time you play the three-incense game ? Yes . Then , try it out . Well , all we do is sniff each of three censers and then guess whether the three fragrances are like or unlike . Yes . If you think of each of the three fragrances is unlike the others , you answer by drawing three vertical lines like this . This is called " Dew on Flowering Silvergrass . " And , if you think all three fragrances are identical , you join the tops of the three lines like this . This is called " Evergreen Grove . " Well , how about when the first and the third ones are the same ? Then it 's " Snow on the Peak . " Oh , I understand now . Oh , indeed , the design looks like a hill tipped with snow . Oh ~ How is it , Mizuno ? Is it by any chance , " Snow on the Peak ? " Indeed it is . As expected of you , Mizuno ! Yes ! How is it , Matsushima ? Mizuno is a pretty interesting fellow . Is that right ? My eyes has certainly not deceived me in the least . If it is him , he will surely catch our Liege 's attention . What is the matter ? Even for someone like you , are you perturbed by the fact that Mizuno would become your rival ? No , sir . It 's merely that , I have yet to fathom your true intention . I will place this here , sir . This is ... How does it please you , sir ? Yeah .. I like it . The tailoring is very thorough . As expected of a seamster of the Ooku ! You are showering me with more praises than what I deserve , sir . Oh . I shall give you something as a token of my appreciation . Speaking of which , where are the cookies I received the other day ... Huh ? Wait a minute ... Where did they go ? Mizuno-sama . I need nothing ... I do not desire anything . But .. But what ? Just a memory ... Ah ... I can 't give you ... anything more than this . No ... I will cherish this memory for the rest of my life . Well ... That was no big deal . Hey , do not laugh . I said do not laugh ! Everyone looks so splendid ~ Let us see yours . This is the first morning 's audience . I am really nervous ~ Look at you , Matsushima-sama . The light purple color of your costume suits you perfectly . Yours too . A somber black color .. ? It is certainly unusual ... What a somber costume . And it looks quite seedy too . Perhaps he deliberately wears this to attract attention , but with that costume ... ? Mizuno ! That jet black costume ... suits the brightness here very much . I am much obliged to you for your great consideration . And then , Mizuno , I shall tell you this one thing . During the morning 's audience , if Her Highness asks someone for his name , then that is a sign . A sign ? Her highness shall now enter for the morning 's audience . Bow down for the entrance of our Liege . Heaven 's sake . What a bunch of garish overdressed men . Your Highness ! I am all right . The person who laughed just now . Who was it ? Who was it ? That was me , your highness . I most humbly beg your pardon . It was me who laughed just now . Raise your head . Yes . Fret not . Show me your face . You there , what is your name ? I am most honored , your Highness . My name is Mizuno . Have you heard that , Fujinami ? Yes ! Your Highness . Was there some happy occurrence at this morning 's general audience ? Indeed . It seems that I am still a woman . Does that mean you have already taken a fancy to one of the men ? However , if I am right ... What is the matter , Hisamichi ? Yes . Um ... If I am right , the first man chosen by an unmarried shogun to be her companion in the bedchamber is called " the Secret Swain . " The Secret Swain ? The Secret Swain must forfeit his life . And that means , you will be secretly decapitated . While the Secret Swain ... serves a most important mission , that is , to initiate the maiden Shogun into the ways of the Bedchamber , at the same time , he is marring her virginity and hence injuring her person , which is indeed a horrendous crime . And for this reason , the Secret Swain must forfeit his life . This was decreed during the reign of the third shogun , Lord Iemitsu . And it is stated in the Ooku code . Do you have anything to say ? What will my family be told about my death , sir ? That you fell ill . Under no circumstances will matters pertaining to our Liege ever be made known outside the Ooku . If I may make one more query , as the blood relations of one who has committed a horrendous crime , by any chance , must my family bear a similar price ? None . Your parents ' family will receive a pretty sum of money as a token of our condolences . I shall guarantee that . Then if that is the case , it it good enough . I most humbly accept the honor of fulfilling this duty for which I have been chosen . You 're praise-worthy ! This is inhuman ! What inhumanity ! No . It does not seem to me that the events of this morning 's general audience were arranged beforehand . However , it does not change the fact that since the beginning , Fujinami-sama has wanted Master to be the Secret Swain , and that must have been why he made you a groom of the Bedchamber . Had you not been promoted , the Secret Swain would have been chosen among the current Grooms of the Bedchamber ! Nonetheless , since Fujinami-sama ... has received vast sums from noble samurai families whose sons are Grooms of the Bedchamber , he has intentionally raised you up to be a sacrifice ... Is that not self-interested ? Is that not ruthless and outrageous ? I beg of you ... Please say nothing more . My heart is about to crumble ... Please forgive me ... for the foolish words I have spoken . Sugishita ... Do not let this happen to you . Indeed . I was indeed overcome with terror at the morning 's audience ~ ! Truly , sir . If Mizuno had been punished for his insolent breach of manners , all of your scheming up until now would have been wasted . In any case , at the next morning 's audience , After I make a recommendation about you to Her Highness , Matsushima , you shall become the Father of the succeeding Shogun . Finally , I can then repay the kindness that you have bestowed me with , Fujinami-sama . O-Nobu ... If I had known it would come to this , I would have shared the night with you . I love you . I always wanted to tell you how much I love you . Sir ! I have brought some rice balls for you . This is enough , sir ! Because you always forget about your own unfortunate circumstance ... Allow me to wash your back , Master . Please close your eyes . It is known that Lord Yoshimune is a wild and violent woman . Take care not to let her squeeze every last drop of life out of you . It would be a pity if you die even before your sentence . What is this ? Even though you are a monk , you are speaking in such a lewd manner . Just so you know , like us who serve as eunuchs , if you are unable to perform your function as man tonight , it would be this . I need not you to worry . You crude monk . Well then , please do serve her well . Be at ease . Raise your head . Yes . Do not be bothered by the attending monks . Loosen up . Even if I say that , perhaps it is impossible to do . Nonetheless , let us try as best as we can . What is your personal name ? My personal name is Nobu . Then , what is your personal name ? I am most grateful ... It 's Yunoshin . Mizuno Yunoshin is my name before I entered the chambers . Yunoshin ... Is that not a good name ? Well then , Yunoshin , are both your parents in good health ? Yes . They live near the castle , and are in perfectly good health . Then this will cause them great distress . Yunoshin . When I asked you your name this morning , I did not know it bring bring this consequence . I have indeed condemned you to a bitter fate , and for that you cannot reproach enough . However , this task ... definitely has to be undertaken by someone ... This is still a most atrocious thing ... Forgive me . Please , your highness ... I am not worthy of such merciful words of yours . But if ... If I may beg you ... to favor me with one more kindness ... Tell me what it is . Do allow me to ... For this one night , please do accept this wish of mine to call you O-Nobu . Please do accept it . All of you there , listen well ! It is indeed true that requesting a favor in the Bedchamber is prohibited by the Ooku code . But this man here has been sentenced to die in no time . If I cannot accept this small wish of a man who is on the verge of death , what kind of Shogun am I ! Very well then , Yunoshin . I doubt that something as trifling as this ... could release you from your despair , but ... At least ... At least ... O-Nobu ! Your duty last night has concluded smoothly , sir . You have performed you duty well . Where is Her highness ... ? Regarding Her highness , she has commanded just now that you be left to sleep in peace , sir . Saburoza . There is something I would like you to look into . Yes . Are there any final words you wish to speak ? No . There are not . Well then ... No good . What a bad omen . Your son ... Regarding Mizuno Yunoshin-sama , he has been in good health in the Ooku , exerting himself to the best of his ability while serving there . However , at the beginning of the fall , he became consumptive All the treatment was to no avail , hence he has passed away . This is his hair that is left behind . You have done such folly , sir , doing as you please and going to so far a place all by yourself . But you know , I ... will go on living even though you are no longer here . Because , unlike men , women are strong beings . That 's right ! Sir ... I have brought you some rice balls . I am thankful for that . I have been secluded ... in this unknown temple for a while now . It has been quite constrictive for me . Been a long time since I last ate white rice . Hmm ! How come ? Hmm ~ delicious ! As I thought , the rice balls O-Nobu makes are indeed the best . But how ... That I cannot tell you . Well , I have always been a tradesman called Shinkichi and have been your well-matched confidant since childhood . Sir ! You are dead . Mizuno , the Groom of the Bedchamber , has died here today . From now on , you will take on a new name , become a different person , and start a new life in the world . You shall wed your childhood friend O-Nobu . As Yunoshin ... No ... As a tradesman with the name of Shinkichi . Regarding the matter this time , I am not impressed , your Highness . Why , Echizen ? From now on , for such frivolous matters , please refrain yourself from using the services of the secret guard , Saburoza . You are forever a woman with no sense of mirth . I still have to say ... The Inner Chambers are an even more terrible place than it was rumored . To toss away the life of a young man as if his life is completely a piece of litter ... Verily so . Hisamichi . Select and gather 50 beautiful men for me immediately . I shall hold an audience . It is finally starting . Yes . This means that our Liege has at last had that intention . As expected , the person who has the highest chance to become her bed partner is Matsushima-sama ? That should be the case . Bow down ... for the entrance of our Liege ! Raise your head . Yes . It is very fine that everyone is dressed in the same black attire . The reason why I have you all gather here today ... is nothing else ... but to dismiss you from service . You are to be dismissed ... and to depart the Ooku within today . The Shogunate 's budget ... is being cut down more than it has ever been before . It is thus inevitable ... that the number of courtiers in the Ooku be reduced . If young and handsome men like you all could leave this place , you would all be able to find good prospects of marriage . It is not so easy for those who are no as blessed as you are . That is why I have decided to keep in service ... those who are not as likely to have prospects of marrying a good match . Everyone , May you find good homes while still in the springtime of your youth . And may you find happiness in your own birthplace . That is my most sincere wish . That is all . This is my loss . You have defeated us , Lord Yoshimune ... Well then , from now onwards , how shall I revive this country ...
