 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Tell us about cybertek and the deathlok program . Mike peterson 's alive . They did something to him . [ screams ] Gh-325 - - agent coulson was injected with that , And literally minutes later , His wounds showed signs of cellular regeneration . Fury went to dangerous lengths to keep this under wraps . We can 't share this with anyone , for their safety and ours . Man : Encrypted line secure . Agent melinda may . Update log 93 . Coulson knows . [ beep ] Woman : Agent john garrett , confirmed . [ beep ] Agent antoine triplett , confirmed . Well , it 's no four seasons . Well , as safe houses go , it 's not bad . Phuket didn 't even have mattresses . Yeah , but cairo had Thousand-thread-count sheets , with that sateen finish . Hey , be careful what you get used to . [ cork pops ] Dig out that sat phone and get coulson on the line . I want to run down Through the list of potential candidates with him . You really think the clairvoyant was on the index ? Rejected off the index . Possibly . Just hope it 's not the amazing kreskin . [ chuckles ] I used to love that guy . Who ? Area 3 , breach . [ alarm buzzing ] Aah ! Hit him with an icer ! [ groans ] what the hell ? He 's not going down ! [ glass shatters ] You realize , agent coulson , They have these things called teleconferences now . Nice to see you , too , agent hand . Thank you all for coming on such short notice . A little unconventional meeting this way , isn 't it ? Oh , from the reports I 've read , " unconventional " seems to be Coulson 's middle name these days . Fight breaks out , let me take blake . He 's coy but scrappy . I 'll explain everything as soon as we hit 50,000 feet . Come on . Cruising altitude reached , Bearing 90 degrees just over the north pole . Thank you . Apologies for the song and dance , But we brought you here as a precaution . A precaution against what ? The clairvoyant . If there is someone out there who can read minds , At least up here , we 're as far away from him as possible . Garrett : Figure maybe the northern lights Will knock a few bars off his psychic wi-fi . Coulson , you know s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s stance on psychics - - They don 't exist . Are you suddenly a believer ? Not definitively . But I had a recent experience with an asgardian Who could bend people 's will with her voice . Forced me to open my mind , so to speak . Garrett : All we know for sure Is the clairvoyant 's been a step ahead of us , Stealing plays from our playbook . And it 's pissing me off . I take it you 've all read agent garrett 's latest report . The hit on the safe house . Mr. Peterson 's alive and kicking . We call him deathlok . It was the project 's code name . Agent garrett and I have been tracking him the last few weeks . And we think the clairvoyant 's super-soldier bodyguard Came after us for a reason . We 're getting close . To what ? His identity ? We 've narrowed the list to 13 candidates . Narrowed it how ? From what ? Agent garrett has been taking a second look At s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s gifted index , specifically the rejects . Garrett : Individuals s.H.I.E.L.D. Interviewed Who are believed to have psychic abilities But were ultimately dismissed . So you think we 've encountered the clairvoyant before . Think how many cases we 've encountered across the globe , How many cases we vetted . It 's more than possible . It 's probable . I need more coffee . Let 's assume what you 're saying is possible . What then ? If we 're going up against an actual clairvoyant , How do you suggest we combat that ? By compartmentalizing the information . A member of my team is an expert At pattern recognition and analysis - - Finding needles in haystacks . She 'll prioritize the candidates on garrett 's list , locate them , Then pair us off into random teams . That way , only one person knows The full scope of the mission . You do understand that this person you 're referring to - - She 'd need to be a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent To be granted that level of access . I 'm glad you brought that up . Guys , I swear , I am fine . How much blood are you gonna draw before you believe me ? Your recovery - - it 's honestly quite unbelievable . Strange . We know coulson had a very different recovery experience , So we understand why he 's hesitant About sharing our findings with others . Yeah , but something like this drug - - It needs to be studied . Has the potential to save so many lives . We 'd like to send a blood sample of yours To some colleagues to do a molecular breakdown . Maybe if you spoke to agent coulson - - Yeah , I don 't think that 's a good idea . If coulson thinks it 's important that this stays between us , Then we should trust him . Right ? He 's the boss . So you 're saying we should obey the rules . Who are you , and what have you done with skye ? Skye , upstairs . Top brass wants to see you . Pairing off makes total sense . Just one thought , though - - What if we make it a double-blind ? How so ? Well , I 'll give one person from each team The potential clairvoyant 's coordinates , And I 'll give the other one the identity . That way , no one person knows The full specs of the op until you get there . I like how you think . I like how she thinks . One question - - how am I supposed to access All the classified files without someone in the room ? I don 't have clearance . Now you do . Welcome to s.H.I.E.L.D. , skye . I told them to come up . I - - I ... I don 't know what to say . Thank you . Don 't thank me . You 've passed every required s.H.I.E.L.D. Exam With flying colors . For a level 1 agent . You 've assisted us on multiple field missions , Put your life on the line . You earned this . Hell , you took two in the gut . More than sitwell here 's ever done . Okay , everyone . Back to work . Congratulations . Thanks . Congratulations , skye . Awesome ! Congratulations . Couldn 't have done it without a great and very patient s.O. Yeah , you could have . I 'm no clairvoyant , But I do believe some things are meant to be . [ knock on door ] [ whirring ] [ whirring ] [ grunts ] [ gasps ] [ beeping ] Can 't say I 'm a fan of this double-blind situation . How will the field teams meet us at the destinations ? They won 't . They 'll be on standby . We can 't risk the clairvoyant knowing we 're coming . What you 're saying is , one of these teams Could be heading straight into an ambush without backup . Agent sitwell , I just received word from the triskelion . You have orders to report to the lemurian star immediately . So I assume you 'll take his place . In your hunt for santa claus ? No . I 'm taking a transport jet back to the hub Where I can quarterback the field teams via satellite . Someone 's gonna have to pull your asses out of the fire When things go south . I 'll be in touch . I guess I got a boat to catch . Good luck , agent coulson . You , too , agent sitwell . Skye : Okay , on this phone , You will find a set of coordinates that 'll lead you To one of the three potential clairvoyants I 've chosen . When you 're within a mile , Your partner will be granted access To the candidate 's name and profile on their own phone . Make sense ? You know , we haven 't officially met . John garrett . I guess lying unconscious In a gurney really should not count . [ chuckles ] how are you feeling ? A lot better , actually . I 've been shot a couple times myself - - back , shoulder . Had my throat cut once . But you know the toughest one ? Thing about a third-degree burn ... The burn itself doesn 't hurt at all . Crazy , right ? The nerve endings get all fried . But the area around the burn ? That smarts . Still , gut shot 's the worst . Sir , I know what you did for me , How you risked your life to save me . So thank you . You 've got a good team around you . I just jumped on the bandwagon . Well , you trained one of them , sir . Guess it all comes full circle . Ward 's your s.O. , I was his . Turn , turn , turn . But this s.O. Thing goes both ways . You 've had a big impact on him . He 's different than I remember him . Different how ? Well , the tough thing About being a specialist is being alone . A team gives you a whole new perspective . Guess it 's the difference between Fighting against something and fighting for something . Or someone . Ward 's got that now . Thanks for this . And , skye , lose the " sir . " I 'm a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent , just like you . What 's this ? Um , say you need to tag a fleeing vehicle ... Or a wild monkey , if it was to get away from you . These rounds are built with a micro-receiver , Which enables you to track your target via satellite . I 've condensed all the blood-sample results Into an encrypted file . Now if we just had access to - - Jemma , we have a visitor . Oh . May . Hello . I assume you 're talking about skye 's blood . There 's just so much we don 't know . The gh-325 . 325 . I mean , we don 't know what drug it is , where it came from . Yeah , not to mention any potential side effects , Short - or long-term . We 're just worried about skye . And agent coulson , of course . Have either of them Exhibited any side effects or strange behavior ? " strange " is such a subjective term . No more than usual . Because if they have , or if they do in the future , Feel free to contact me first . I can help . Okay ? Okay . You 're all set . Hope you paired me with someone good - - Or interesting , at least . Stop worrying . You wear your heart on your sleeve . And your face . I trust your judgment . The way you see the world - - It 's different than the rest of us . That 's why I want you to dig deeper into these . The candidates psych evaluations ? The clairvoyant thinks he can read our minds . See if you can read his . We need some insight into who this person really is , A weakness . So , do what you do - - find the exploit . And stop worrying . So , garrett says your family 's like The cable version of the kennedys . Huh . I doubt he said that . [ chuckles ] fine . I did my own research . Had to , following in golden boy 's footsteps . There a point to this ? Just trying to keep things light . 'cause that 's what we all need right now . You know , maybe it is . You want to keep it light ? The clairvoyant almost killed skye . Yeah ? Well , he did kill my partner - - dan monroe . Great guy . Had a son . You know what it 's like telling a 6-year-old That his dad isn 't coming home ? So , we find the clairvoyant , You might want to stay out of my way . We all got axes to grind . But we 're here to take him in , not out . Ask yourself something , agent ward - - If skye hadn 't made it , What would you be thinking right now ? [ sat phone beeping ] [ beep ] Elijah fordham , 32 , military background . Here . Serving 18 life sentences for a killing spree in the ' 90s . Sounds more psycho than psychic . Blake : You a scorpio ? I was just wondering why our newest agent Paired the two of us together . Must have thought we were compatible in some way . It was random , blake . You seem like a scorpio . You don 't believe in the clairvoyant , But you believe in astrology . I have some theories of my own . Please tell me we 're here for one of the doctors . Garrett : So , I dropped down through the skylight , Used up my whole mag , and hit the final guy Right in the chest with a flare gun . Boy , you should have seen the look on his face When that thing went off . What ? I already told you that one ? I was there . For which part ? The whole thing . Really ? Damn , I must be getting old . Either that or I drank a lot more in my 30s than I remember . Or both . And you didn 't go through the skylight . I know , but it makes for a better story . [ sat phone beeping ] File came in . Noriko sato , 19 , junior at ball state . The co-ed - - I remember . She 's got an I.Q. Over 200 . Ran circles around every agent we sent in to interrogate her . We had no indication she was gifted . Family 's got ties to the yakuza , though . Heads up . Detour . Imagine that . Thomas nash . Injured in a head-on collision . He 's been catatonic for the past four years . Great . We 're here for a vegetable . I 'll find the director 's office . You get a room number on nash . Yes , ma 'am . [ buzzer ] [ breathes deeply ] [ buzzer ] Nobody home . Odd . Oh . Convenient timing . Think this 'll make a good story someday ? [ tires screech ] Ah . One behind us . You better hope so . [ binder closes ] [ bell dings ] [ grunts ] [ groans ] [ chokes ] Mr. Peterson ... Stop . You have a son - - ace . He needs you . We can still help you , mike . Mike peterson 's dead . [ chokes ] [ grunts ] [ gasps ] [ bones crack ] May to hub - - deathlok 's here ! Blake 's down ! All backup teams - - move in . We have an agent down . Repeat , agent blake is down . [ tires screech ] [ buzzer ] Lucky the med team got to him when they did . I wouldn 't call anyone in critical condition lucky . Deathlok 's more dangerous than we thought . Blake fired six shots - - didn 't seem to faze him . Any word on thomas nash ? No , he 's a ghost . The facility has him listed as a resident , But it 's all a cover-up . Nash is probably off fishing in bora bora right now , Laughing at us . Coulson : And yet mr . Peterson was waiting for you and blake At the facility . Why ? Probably the same reason he came after garrett - - We 're getting too close . He 's trying to take us out . This shouldn 't have happened . Backup should have been there alongside agents blake and may . Clairvoyant would have seen us coming . It appears he did anyway . The plan was flawed from the start . Come on , vic . The plan was solid . We have an agent down because we weren 't prepared . Blake knew the risks . And don 't call me " vic . " It 's condescending . Any one of us could have been ambushed . The point is , blake 's alive , And we have a suspect - - thomas nash . I 'm headed inside to prep the field teams . Agent coulson , when can I expect agent simmons for debrief ? She 's getting ready as we speak . Good . If I 'm gonna put any more agents in danger , I want them to know exactly what deathlok is And what he 's capable of . Honestly , I don 't know how much more you can tell them . Who knows what else they 've done to the man ? Or how much man is left at all . Regardless , s.H.I.E.L.D. Sees us As the resident experts on the deathlok program . If they want me to stay here at the hub , then that 's that . Well , don 't you seem awfully chipper To pick up and leave me by my lonesome . Do I ? Yes . No wonder . Could it be because the hub 's lab facilities Are much more comprehensive than ours ? In case I 'd like to run a molecular breakdown Of skye 's blood ? Yes . Brilliant deduction , dr . Watson . I 've always pictured you as watson . Either way , if you 're gonna do this , You 're gonna need my help . At some point , one way or another , eventually . Well , I wouldn 't go that far . I 'll jerry up an encrypted hard line so we can stay in touch . Don 't want the rest of the bus overhearing what we 're saying . You ready to go ? Agent triplett . Are you staying at the hub , as well ? Yes , garrett 's keeping me here . Help brief the teams on our most recent run-in With the cyber soldier . Don 't mind the company , do you ? No , not at all . According to index archives , Nash has been on s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s radar for about six years . Originally a bond trader in canada Doing very well for himself . Then the canadian government recruited him To a secret department h-type program . They were looking for people with psychic abilities . Specifically people who could control human behavior , And nash claimed he had a gift . Claimed ? According to records , He couldn 't affect a person 's behavior . But he could , on occasion , predict it . But s.H.I.E.L.D. Crossed him off the index After his accident because of his supposed catatonic state . Which he recovered from quite nicely . It was all a lie just to throw s.H.I.E.L.D. Off his scent . You said blake fired how many rounds ? I heard six . Why ? Because there are only five missing from this magazine . And one from here . These are fitz 's tag rounds . We can track him . Skye , check all the sat feeds . Find that signal . On it . I 'll get us in the air . Nicely done , blake . [ tires screech ] I want this perimeter sealed . Two-man teams on every exit . Fitz , you got a signal ? 94 % , sir . Deathlok must be inside somewhere . Possible civilians inside ? Fitz : Highly doubtful . This racetrack 's been shut down for months . Move out ! Skye , run a back end from the tactical van . You , I want you 6 feet from skye at all times , weapons hot . Ward , it 's okay . I 'm ready . Coulson : Ward 's right . I feel bad enough you 're already back in the field . I 'm not taking any chances with your safety . This isn 't a surprise party , people , So you can toss stealth out the window . Our target 's wearing body armor and has enhanced cybernetics . Make your shots count . Let 's move . You ringing the bell or knocking ? Knocking , of course . Clear ! Fitz , you 're up . It 's time to hunt , boys . Let 's find us a deathlok . [ whirring ] Impressive toy . I prefer the term " high-tech hardware . " [ beeping ] Skye , you online ? Hang on . Northwest corridor is getting something . I 'm pulling up a live feed . I can 't confirm it 's him . Initiating backscatter . [ key clicks ] What the hell did they do to him ? What are you seeing ? It 's not just his leg or his eye . They did stuff to him . It 's all under his skin . [ beeping ] uh , signal 's dead . Retriever 's down . He knows we 're here . Fitz , get back to the van now . Contact ! Take cover ! Ward , are you okay ? Uh , I got two men down . We need a med team ! Requesting one now . May , he 's coming your way . Got him ! He just ducked into the southwest stairwell . In pursuit . All teams - - he 's headed into the sub-basement . I do not have a visual . Fitz , you have a retriever down here ? No , sir . On their way . [ gasps ] Easy . I come in peace . How about a signal next time ? [ machine-gun fire ] [ metallic clanging ] Fitz , you getting this ? Fitz : Uh , barely , sir . It leads down into the sewer system . That 's under at least ... 40 feet of concrete ? We 'll be blind down there . Where 's that little guy going ? [ beeping ] Sir , there 's someone else down there . Copy that . [ monitor beeping ] What the hell ? Nash : Agent coulson , agent garrett , I surrender . [ monitor beeping ] Forgive me if we don 't shake hands . I don 't like to be touched . Ward : Sir , we 've got a lot of wires back here . Don 't touch anything . We need this room swept for explosives . There are no traps here , agent coulson . You 're here because we are destined to meet . You 're the clairvoyant ? I 'm thomas nash . Mr. Po gave me that other name . A bit dramatic for my taste . Eyes open , everybody . We don 't know where deathlok is or who else is down here . Mr. Peterson is gone . I cut his feed , so you won 't find him . But you had him lead us here . Why ? So I could see you with my own eyes instead of his . Now I understand why I couldn 't see you after you died - - Because you , yourself , could not see . You were simply a broken man who did not know he was broken . You 're one to talk . Let 's pack this freak off to the fridge where he belongs . Agent garrett , look at me . Do you believe you can confine me any more than this chair ? Can somebody please tell me How we turn that stupid voice thing off ? I will join raina in your prison , agent coulson , But I will see you wherever you go , Just as I saw you holding skye In your arms , bleeding ... Dying ... Knowing it was all your fault . You 're going away . We 're gonna stick you in a little box Where no one will ever hear you again . I see you 're angry . Head clouded with lies . You 've been betrayed , And now you fear what 's about to happen . Nothing 's about to happen . Just more empty threats from you . No . It is the inevitable . A force beyond your comprehension Is coming for you - - you and skye . She has something we want . And she will die giving it to us . I have seen it . Go to hell . No matter where I go or what you do to me , I will always - - [ gunshot ] [ monitor beeping ] [ flatline ] What did you do ? Wait . What just happened ? Did ward just ... Oh , my lord . I can 't believe it . Bet the clairvoyant didn 't see that coming . Garrett : He 's dead . It 's over . He 's a specialist . Cold blood 's a basic requirement . I know . Still , I didn 't think ward would just do something like that . Whole reason I sent him to you Was to knock off the rough edges . Maybe you did your job too well . He let his emotions get the best of him . You want me to escort him to the hub for debrief ? No , I want to talk to him Before he goes in front of the review board . Understood . I got my orders , then . Got to stay on the hunt for deathlok . Copy that . Keep me in the loop ? Will do . Take care . And , phil , go easy on the kid . [ may sighs ] Just got a message from h.Q. Director fury 's back . He 's waiting for you at the triskelion . About damn time . You can talk to him about what 's been bothering you . A lot 's bothering me . Thought you were coulson . Thanks . [ groans ] Why 'd you do it ? I lost it . I got angry . He pushed all the right buttons . Coulson said the mission was to capture , not to kill . Think about what the clairvoyant said , what he 's done . Think about the centipede program , How he experimented on innocent people like mike peterson , How he kidnapped and tortured coulson , How he ordered quinn to shoot you . And he wasn 't gonna stop , skye . Not until you ... I wasn 't gonna let that happen . So , what happens now ? I face a s.H.I.E.L.D. Review board . Whatever the punishment , I 'll take it . I deserve it . But I don 't regret what I 've done . You don 't ? No . Not if it means you 're safe . You and the rest of the team . [ dial tone ] yes . [ dialing ] [ ringing ] simons : Fitz ? Don 't use my name , jemma . Why not ? I thought you said ... Going to use ... Crypted line . You 're cutting in and out . Hold on . Were ... There ? What happened ... Ward ? Well , yeah . You said - - ward . Took us all by surprise . Hang - - Keep talking , okay ? I 'm gonna see if I can clear it up . So ... No idea ... Be ... Been a great deal of commotion on this end . Hang on , now . I think I 've found the problem . Looks like someone else is tapping the hard line . Wait , fit .. I think some ... Happening . There 's agents rushing to the situation room . What ? [ dial tone ] Jemma ? Jemma , can you hear me ? Oh ... Bloody hell . [ knock on door ] Mind if I talk some stuff through with you ? Are you busy ? I 'm worried . About ward ? I know . I can 't believe he just killed someone like that . I 'm worried he killed the wrong man . How do we know it was him ? He never spoke . The computer spoke for him . How do we know he was the one controlling it ? Are you saying nash could have been pretending To be the clairvoyant ? I 'm saying nash could have been a prop . And now he 's dead . After the attacks led us right to him . The investigation all wrapped up in a neat little bow . I feel like he could still be out there right now , In our heads . Or in our files . When you told me to check into the psych evals , You said something . You said , " read his mind . " And it got me thinking . And ward said that the clairvoyant knew How to push all the right buttons . Raina did that to me , too . Did she mention your father 's death ? Your psych evaluation called it " a defining moment . " These aren 't just personality tests . They 're surveillance on every agent - - Pictures , stats , where you 've been stationed , Who you 'd visit , where you 'd like to eat . Dinners at the richmond . He 's been monitoring us . Think about it . The clairvoyant only knew you 'd be at quinn 's villa - - After I dropped a tracker . And the only thing he 's had trouble seeing Is what happened to you after you died . Because director fury wouldn 't release that file to anyone . No . The clairvoyant doesn 't have abilities . He has security clearance . He 's an agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. [ door opens ] Sir , first off , I want to say - - Coulson : Save it . I don 't want your apologies . I don 't want your excuses . I 'm not making excuses . The only thing I want to know Is whether you made the call yourself , Or did someone order you to do it ? What ? Don 't play dumb , agent ward . Just answer the question - - Did someone order you to kill the clairvoyant ? [ knock on door ] May ? Another encrypted line . What are you up to , agent may ? What are you doing here ? Um ... I was just wondering , since , uh - - 'cause we 're going to the triskelion ... Um , I thought you would like to , um ... There 's , uh , gonna be an aviation team on the ground . They could probably recalibrate it . But I think it 's - - it should be all right . [ breathing heavily ] Fitz . What ? I was just looking for you . Why ? I didn 't do anything . What ? I didn 't say you did . What ? What 'd you do ? Well , uh ... I 'm not quite sure , actually . 'cause , um ... I was just , um , um , doing maintenance In the avionics bay before . Okay . Why would may - - why would may have An unauthorized encrypted hard line in the cockpit , Complete with a thumb scanner ? That isn 't in any of the plane 's specs . Slow down . An encrypted hard line ? Yeah . Dedicated to one receiver . She 's not supposed to have that . Who 's she talking to ? Cut the line . What ? You need to cut the line right now , fitz . Do not let her call out . [ beeping ] Agent melinda may , update log 95 . [ static ] I wasn 't put on your plane So you could make me a better person , coulson ! You put me here to make the hard call , and I made it . That 's not what I asked you , agent ward . I answered your question . I wasn 't working with anybody . I take full responsibility for my own actions . Then why - - what ? We have a problem . [ door closes ] [ gunshots ] Coulson : Put it down . Put it down , may ! It 's not what you think , coulson . It 's just an icer . This one is not . It 's real , with real bullets . So you better put yours down And tell me what the hell 's going on right now . I - - now ! I can 't . You better listen to the man , agent may . You have no idea what you 're doing . Maybe not . But I know you 're not fast enough to take us both . Look ... I can explain everything . But not here . Why not here ? You have to check with someone first , Using that encrypted phone in the cockpit ? Who 's on the other end of that line , may ? I can 't say . That 's okay . I think I know . It makes sense now why deathlok put blake in critical condition , Left you alive and well , why he led us to the track Only to disappear instead of defending his boss . Why would he do that ? Because that wasn 't his boss , was it ? Was it ? ! What are you talking about ? Stop lying to me ! Who do you answer to ? ! Who 's the real clairvoyant ? ! [ groans ] What did you do ? Where are we going ? I don 't know ! I didn 't do it , phil ! I don 't know what 's happening here , I swear ! If you 're not doing this , who is ? When that plane touches down , take out everyone on board . Except agent coulson . He 's mine .
