 Previously on Fringe ... There is an alternate universe , and in it , another version of us . Agent Farnsworth ? Broyles , Phillip , Colonel . That woman processes more information in an hour than you and I will in a lifetime . 37 people in the intersection . 22 cars , 4 trucks , 2 buses . Wind speeds of 5 to 10 miles an hour , and that is just to start . They kidnapped Olivia to the other side . For weeks , that awful woman pranced around my lab . She 's evil . She 's a temptress . And I fell right into her vagenda . " Vagenda " ? Is that an observer ? Is that what you call him ? They are not limited by our human perception of time . I think these guys show up at important moments . We 've been looking at these people for three years . Why did he make contact now ? Malignant ? But it 's small , and it 's the early days . And with radiation , this type of carcinoma is 95 % treatable . 95 % survivable , Chet . That 's better odds than you got driving up the Mass Pike . I 've known you what , 20 years ? We 're going to get through this . Tissue connectivity . That 's what goes last . I 'm sorry ? First , there 's the cure- - Radiation . It makes you sick , weak . But it doesn 't work . Not this time , not in your case . The cancer has multiplied . They try chemo , but the cell replication rate is just too high . Your bones hurt . They ache . They burn . Renal failure comes next . And soon , you lose all mobility below the waist . Impotence , incontinence , and finally , full respiratory failure . All from one ... Tiny mole . Doctor told me I have a 95 % chance . You 're the other 5 % . Initiate scan . Welcome , Agent . You wanted to see us , Colonel ? The bridge was activated an hour ago . An agent crossed over to the other side without any mission imperative . Who was it ? Are you suggesting that somebody defected ? I can 't imagine . It was Agent Farnsworth . That 's impossible . Who- - who gave her clearance ? She did . Agent Farnsworth has the same security clearance as any Senior Fringe Agent . In fact , she 's responsible for processing transit papers and clearance . It just never occurred to us- - - That she would use it for herself . - Correct . What 's she doing over there ? We don 't know . She went off the grid immediately after crossing over . All right . Let 's send a team of agents to retrieve her . No , she must 've had a reason . Astrid doesn 't do anything without a reason , and after the day she 's had , I got a hunch where she 's headed . I 'll go get her . What would you say to some eggs ? I had a marvelous dream last night in which eggs played a prominent part . I would say ... That we 've only been working for three hours , and we 've already taken two food breaks . At this rate , I 'll never get home . I miss the other one . I 'm almost afraid to ask . Boy . The other boy . He doesn 't starve me . Which other boy ? The one who plays chess . Lincoln ? That 's the one . I prefer him . ♪ Well , Lincoln 's not here , Walter . He 's in Hartford . It 's his goddaughter 's birthday . Remember ? And I 'd be happy to play with you after we finish our work . Frankly , I don 't think you 'd be much of a challenge . I got a challenge for ya . Why don 't we fix the machine ? Hello . Hello . How about you and I share some delightful scrambled eggs , Astro ? It 's Astrid . That 's funny . You never correct me . You 're not you , are you ? I don 't think what he meant was " I 'll call you . " I think what he meant was " I 'll never call you . " Hello . What happened ? I always wondered why nobody does that . What are you doing here , Agent ? I came here to meet her . Hi . Hello . Olivia told me about you . But it 's nice to meet you personally in the flesh . All personal meetings are in the flesh . Yes , I-I suppose they are . I thought I would come here . I didn 't know where to go after . Mother might have had traditions for such occasions , but I don 't know . I don 't remember her . My mother died of cancer when I was a girl . Did yours as well ? Yes . At first I thought I would walk in the park . But it was so cold . And I could not stop thinking about the words Reverend Stewart said . What a leader he was , a great man , a great friend . Reverend Stewart said he would be sorely missed . And they lowered the box down into the ground , and we put down flowers . And I didn 't know where to go . Because the park was so cold . May I ask you a question ? Yours- - Did you love him ? Astrid ... What 's going on ? I think my f- - I-I think her father is dead . Dunham . Perhaps y-you would both like to join me in a plate of eggs . W-with chives . Walter , now is not the time . Nonsense . N-nearly all cultures react to death with food . Okay , uh , we just caught a case . And my double 's on her way here to- - To sort this out . Olivia ! The viper ? - Walter . - What ? I know . Detente . That 's not to say I have to like her . Do you think that one of us should wait here with- - No , there 's no need . We will be fine . Astrid and I- - Really ? You get her name right . Astrid and I can wait here alone , can 't we , dear ? I 'm sure she 'll be great company . Boston Police found the body at 9 : 30 this morning . He was coming home from his doctor 's office . Less than six hours ago , Chet Williams was diagnosed with stage I melanoma . Stage one . That has a survival rate of 95 % . And that 's without introducing even one frog rectally to slow cell division . - What ? - What ? Nothing . So what are these ? Bad mascara day ? I 'd say bad day all around . I mean , can- - can someone actually cry blood ? Rarely . Certain viruses- - Ebola , say- - Can cause bleeding from the tear ducts , but only after most of the organs are liquefied . Check his crotch . I 'm- - I 'm sorry ? Don 't be a prude . Oh , you- - you see ? There 's no bleeding from the urethra . So I would say his organs are not liquefied . Okay , good news . Walter says that his organs haven 't liquefied . So then what else could cause this ? Nothing . Nothing real , at least . There is a-a legendary alchemical mixture- - A-a potion , as it were- - Called The Tears Of Ra . Egyptians used it to euthanize beloved pets so that they could be buried with their owners who pre-deceased them . But it 's just a myth . Well , bring the body back to the lab . And- - and also , I 'd like some vanilla ice cream . Kirk out . You talk through her . You 're Astrid . You talk through her . As if you were one person . Yes , you could say it that way . It must be pleasant . Yes . I suppose it is . Thanks . You can follow us back to the lab . Yeah . All right , keep me posted . Right . I think we have located it . 0.26 pounds . 17 % lighter than an average human kidney . Okay , Chet Williams . 38 years old . Manufactures consumer goods overseas . Uh , single ... No debt ... No drug issues . His friends say that he 's a nice guy . So nobody someone would want to kill ? Well , everybody has somebody who wants to kill them . And voila . The deadly culprit reveals itself . Odd . Always makes me nervous when he says that . An interaction of chemical compounds I 've not seen before . Aspirin ... Predictive sciences says that these compounds shouldn 't interact , but they do . So what , you 're saying that it 's magic ? It 's science . Just unusual science . Huh . The way that six different alcohols create a flavor identical to iced tea . Amen to that . It works , but no one could 've predicted it would work . So you 're saying that he was killed by a poison that no one invented . It should go without saying , but that 's impossible . I think we 're aware of that , Peter . Oh . Isn 't this a party ? Hey , girls . Mata Hari . Deceived and betrayed anyone yet today ? It is almost lunchtime , after all . Deus ex machina . The Hand of God ? The interaction of the chemicals in the poison is not predictable . The creation of the toxin requires the assumption that these compounds can intermingle , and in fact , these compounds do not intermingle- - Except when they are all mixed together , they do , which is a completely unpredictable event . Okay , just so I 'm clear- - you 're saying that a person would have to- - See that the chemicals had already been combined in order to know how to combine them ? Yes , and the chances of that occurring randomly are less than 0.10 % . Therefore , there is a root of the equation that is outside our realm of causality , deus ex machina , the hand of God . But Astrid , are you trying to tell us that God taught our perp how to mix a mythical poison ? God ... Or godlike powers . It- - It 's the only thing that makes sense . Come with me . I 'll need your help to identify the origin of these component compounds . I think I love her . Okay , well , I guess that , uh , we 're not gonna go straight home . Cold Chinese in the fridge ? Uh , yeah . I 'll check . Here you go . You 're putting up a good fight . But you 're not going to win . You 're gonna take that drink , and from there it 's all downhill . But you know the saddest part ? The drinking doesn 't kill you . Instead , it shatters the lives of everyone around you . Everyone you love . Your boyfriend is going to be killed in a car accident with you behind the wheel . Your brother is going to alienate his wife and daughter , throw away his own future trying to rescue you . But he fails . No one can see the future . You 're right . There is no future . There 's no past . Everything happens right now . Now that you 're back , I can finally rid myself of this junk you left behind in your haste to slink away . Walter , you 've been holding onto this stuff all this time ? I didn 't steal anything , if that 's what you 're implying . Although I admit that this one item confounded me . Just another of your tools of spy craft , I imagine . A sinister communication device ? Some kind of devious encoder ? Wow . I really got to you , didn 't I , Walter ? Did you ever consider that perhaps it 's because you enjoyed having me around ? Admit it . You like me , Walter . Walter , we 're setting up . Dr. Bishop . Dr. Bishop , your Astrid is summoning you . The Fringe team is at the scene . The way this woman died- - And I say this with some experience- - Is among the weirdest things I 've ever seen . She bleeding from her eyes ? How did you know ? There seems to be a lot of that going around lately . You mind opening it up ? I 'd love to take a look . Astrix , collect a DNA sample . Astrid , can you hand me a cotton swab ? Hang on , Walter . I wanna get a DNA sample . - So the cops said- - - Hang on a second . Seems to be some hemorrhaging of the nasal passage . You think maybe she inhaled something ? Yeah , possibly . Could be how they delivered the poison . I 'm sorry , Walter . What were you saying ? Doesn 't matter . But please ask Agent Dunham to bring the body- - Astrid , we 're gonna need to get this body back to the lab to have it examined . Can you work that out with the ME 's office ? Yeah . Does he always do all the jobs ? ♪ These scalpels could use some sharpening . And you 're sharing that with me why ? I thought you 'd sharpen them for me . You said you wanted to help . I had meant with the autopsy , Walter . The screws in the rib-spreader could also use a little tightening . You 're angry with your son . He is not my son . As I understand it , in a different timeline , he is . Oh , so he says . Do you feel love for him ? I have found that anger inevitably seems to be conjoined with emotional investment . Do you think that is the case ? Peter is a reminder of the son I had ... And wish had lived . But he is not that son . And that makes you suffer ? Yes . In that case , wouldn 't it be preferable if you chose to believe he was your son ? And then you could love him and be happy . I 'm sorry , but I 'm just not seeing any connection between the victims . Secretary 's son . He 's cute , huh ? Bet he 's all contradictory and tricky like his dad . Yeah , I imagine he 's just your type . Actually , no . Turns out I like the nice guys . All right , so neither of the victims lived in the same neighborhood . They didn 't go to the same gym , and they got no mutual friends . Yeah , well , there has to be a connection . We just haven 't found it yet . You say that with such conviction . Because ... ? Because if there isn 't a link , then we 've got a killer on the loose and no lead to find him . Have a nice flight . Look , honey , I 'm at the security thing . I 've gotta call you back , okay ? Have a nice flight . Thanks . Look , take it down a notch , okay ? Yeah , yeah , I want to get this over with , too . What ? No , no . It 's not a ruse . I told you , I missed the flight this morning . There 's nothing I can do . Bill , Bill . Listen to me . I 'm hanging up the phone right now . Call me back when you get a personality I can deal with . Can I help you ? Making your next call will destroy your life . - Excuse me ? - You 'll be driving . When a taxi cuts you off , your reaction won 't be quick enough because you only have one hand on the wheel . Oh , okay . Well , thanks , pal . But my life really is none of your business . Your car is going to flip , shattering your spinal cord . You 're left a paraplegic , and with no family , you end up in a group home . The man who runs it is not ... Kind . Your body will be discovered more than ten hours after you die . No one mourns . I 'm going to spare you from all that misery . A painless exit from a living nightmare . Jared Colin . Apparently , his attacker tried to spray him with some kind of atomizer . Yeah , that sounds like our guy . He said he 'd never seen the man before , so why ? What 's his motive ? Hm . The feds , I take it ? Too many years in this job . Lawyers and cops- - I can spot you guys a mile away . Uh , I 'm Agent Olivia Dunham , and this is Peter Bishop . What can you tell us about Mr. Colin , doctor ? Well , it 's not good news . I mean , we saved his life , but his spinal cord is severed right below T1 , so he is not gonna walk again . Come on . He 's down here . I wasn 't even supposed to be in town . I was heading down to Dallas . Selling my company to my scumbag partner , who for six years has made my life a living hell . Today was gonna be the day that I started over . New beginning . But I had a water bottle in my carry-on . By the time the damn TSA was done with me , I missed my flight . Besides his description , is there anything else that you can tell us ? Anything that you remember ? He , uh ... He had this weird rod . It was blue . And he 'd look into it like he was some kind of fortune teller . He said I was gonna have a car accident , and I was gonna end up like this . So this guy predicted what would happen ? Not exactly , but I guess exactly doesn 't really matter now . We think it 's possible that the man who attacked you also killed at least another two people . Do you recognize either of them ? No . He ... He said he wanted to put me out of my misery . Like he was doing a good deed . Like he was some kind of saint . I tell ya , I wish he had . I wish he 'd done it . I wish he 'd killed me . Nothing to link them . - Period . - Period . - Goose egg . - Goose egg . Zilch . Would you like a cup of coffee ? I 'm going to make a fresh pot . Coffee . I understand that has quite an interesting flavor . Yeah , I suppose it does . Have you never had any ? Where I come from , coffee is very rare and thus very expensive . I 've never had the privilege . Yes , I would like that . Thank you , Astrid . You 're welcome , sweetie . Did you ask ? I didn 't hear you ask . May I ? Certainly not . That 's right . You 're still mad at me . Yes , and now you 're breaking my concentration as well . Oh , I 'm sorry . Were you solving world hunger or perfecting the perfect peanut butter milkshake ? If you must know , I was musing on our killer . Agent Dunham reports that he may be attempting to put his victims out of their misery , and if that 's the case , then his murder weapon of choice is consistent . - The Tears of Ra ? - Yes . Painless and instantaneous . And it begins to make sense now . So we 're looking for- - for what ? A humanitarian killer ? Or a compassionate one . Okay , so you 're saying that the killer believes he is saving his victims from a lifetime of suffering by killing them . That sounds like an extremely contorted view of compassion . Some suffering is worse than death . What is Logan International ? It 's an airport . Why ? All three victims traveled through there . Is that right ? How did you miss that ? I didn 't . They all had different airlines . They had different destinations . Mr. Williams was what , two weeks ago ? Carrie Watson was last month . Yes , their travel vouchers indicate that . What is TSA ? Uh , Transportation Security Administration . They screen every passenger for safety . In that case , correlating their voucher stamps , I believe they may each have been screened by the same security agent . She 's right . TSA badge 0047 . My . Thank you . Have a nice flight . Hey . Stop that man ! Hey , whoa , whoa ! Stop right there ! Federal agents . We 're in pursuit of a suspect . Federal regulations . You either have a boarding pass or supervised authorization . Do you want me to find you a supervisor ? I was surprised the FBI was doing a background check on Neil . Well , to be honest , we were surprised to learn that he was previously employed as a professor at MIT . Yeah , I could tell that on the phone . So how does an advanced mathematics professor end up working for the TSA ? I suppose he loses his mind . It would be an understatement to say that people around here are driven , but Neil- - He put ' em all to shame . He was the youngest tenure track professor ever . Brilliant . And a little bit mad to begin with , I suppose . And like most mathematicians , he believed that math was the key to unlocking the secrets of the universe . I know how that sounds . Not nearly as crazy as you might think . Well , a couple years ago , he came back from summer break at his lake house , and he was just ... Changed . He said that he 'd found something , although he wouldn 't say what . But he 'd become obsessed with these high-level differential equations that no one could make heads or tails of . He had a theory that if he could solve the equations , space and time could be flattened , so they would all be on a level plane . Define that for me what do you mean by flattened ? Well , that you could in essence see past , present , and future simultaneously . Well , eventually , solving the equations became more important than class , and soon , he just left and didn 't come back . Now , from what I heard , he went back to the lake house . But this working at the TSA ? Now , that surprises me . Where was that lake house ? I 'm not sure , somewhere in eastern New York , I think . He wanted his mail forwarded . Oh , here we are . Reiden Lake . When you first appeared in this timeline , it was at Reiden Lake . What 's going on , Peter ? The professor said that Neil thought he could see past , present , and future all at the same time . That 's what the observers do . We 've just never been able to figure out how they do it . But in my timeline , an observer saved my life . It also happened at Reiden Lake . When Walter crossed over when I was a child to bring me back to his universe , the ice broke . We both fell in . It was an observer who pulled us out . Are you suggesting that an observer is somehow behind this ? That- - that he 's using Neil ? I don 't know . I think we should take a drive . What 's he doing ? Thinking . You care for him . I suppose I do , yeah . Like a father . My father ... I cannot get the thought out of my mind that ... That I couldn 't give him what he wanted because of the way that I am . That he secretly wished I could love him back in a way that he could understand . Do you think if I were more like you , he would 've loved me more ? If I was normal ? I think I would prefer this beverage with sugar . Who leaves their door unlocked when they 're not home ? You 're right . It 's not safe . Well , we 're in the right place . Hey , take a look at this . Neil was a twin . His brother and father were killed in an accident . So Gandhi , Joan of Arc , all the rest of them- - What 's the connection ? They 're heroes ? What else do they all have in common ? They 're all saviors . So where is Neil ? Where are you going ? I don 't understand . What do you mean , you are here to say good-bye ? - Where are you going ? - I told you . " Where I belong " is not an answer . Were you fired again ? I told you , mom . I wasn 't fired from MIT . I left . What ? I heard you that night , you know . The night Alex died . You said God took the wrong one . " Why did God take my angel ? " You kept saying . You always resented that I wasn 't Alex . Not your angel . I was afraid that you were right . That I would never be good enough . As good as he was . But God had a plan . He let me live for a reason . I know that now . God gave me a way to see the future . W-what are you talk- - " What are you talking about ? " - " Stop . " - Stop . - Don 't do that . - Don 't do that . - " You 're scaring me . " - You 're scaring me . God gave me a way to see the future so I could give people mercy . Neil ... I 'm sorry . What you heard that night ... About your brother ... You should never have heard that . But I did . And I 'm glad . Every time I saw the disapproving look in your eye , it drove me harder to separate myself through accomplishment . That 's why God took notice . Because of you . Neil . Please stop this . Jesus knew the romans were coming for him . He could have avoided his death so easily . But he didn 't . He had faith that God had a plan . I understand God 's plan for me now . And I 'm willing to go . FBI . Open this door , or we 're coming in ! FBI ? FBI . Put your hands up . Don 't you remember , mom , what the priest said about Alex at the funeral ? Stand up slowly and put your hands behind your head . He said angels don 't belong on Earth . Keep your hands where I can see them , and turn around very slowly . I 'll see you in heaven . Agh ! No ! No ! Hey , how you holding up ? You know , he wasn 't trying to hit me . He fired at the window on purpose . How do you know that ? I think he knew we were coming , and he wanted us to shoot him . I guess it makes sense . I mean , he could see the past , present , and future . But he had a gun . Why not just shoot himself ? Because he was religious . If he committed suicide , he wouldn 't be allowed into heaven . What about all the people he killed ? He thought he was saving them . This was his way to become an angel . Hm . Peter . I know it 's taken me some getting used to , but as long as you 're stuck here , you make a good partner . Thank you . Dr. Bishop , we are leaving . Hey , Walter . Here , I want to show you something . My ingenious piece of spy tech . Mints ? Similar . They 're bobbins . They 're delicious . It 's almost like wintergreen . Only smokier . One for the road . Are you giving me a send-off ? You may possess positive qualities that I previously overlooked . Are you flirting with me ? In your dreams . It was really nice meeting you . It was amazing , actually . Yes . What you said before ... My father ... We 're not very close either . He 's a very complex man . He doesn 't really show emotion . He does the best with the tools he has . That 's just how he is . I know he loves me . At least , that 's what I tell myself , even though it doesn 't really seem that way . You shouldn 't regret that you could 've been more for him . It wasn 't you . Thank you , Agent Farnsworth . You 're welcome , Agent Farnsworth . Hey . Well , look who 's here . Hi , dad . Ah . That kinda day , huh ? Yeah . That kind of a day . Wanna tell me about it ? Yes . But you know that I can 't . Yeah . I know . But at least I can feed ya . And I can give my baby girl a big ol ' hug . I love you , dad . I love you too , Astrid . Here it is . You 're right . It 's September 's . He must have lost it in 1985 , the night he didn 't save the boy . He 'll be interested to know what happened to it . There 's something else . It appears that September did not obey your instructions . The boy is back . Peter Bishop has returned .
