 In the distant future ... .. or pehaps in the distant past ... The Human race spread across the galaxy , establishing colonies on distant planets . Their population had increased to exceed 500 billion ... .. But resources were exhausted , birth rates plummeted , and the human race entered an age of decline . A movement began calling for a return to Mother Earth . However , the tiny planet could not possibley support such an epic repatriation A long and bloody conflict erupted over the right to return known as " Homecoming War " A new governmental body called " The Gaia Sanction " emerged to bring the war to a close . The sanction declared Earth an eternal sanctuary , to which no one was granted passage .. Instead , Earth was used as a symbol of order that was to be gazed upon from afar , While colonists on dying palanets waited out their demise . But here was one man who resisted , who continued to venture across the abyss of space . An immortal space pirate who has provoked and plundered plundered Federation warships for the last hundred years . Gaia sanction 's most wanted : Code S-00999 : HARLOCK Young people don 't look back into the past . They are always running toward the future .. Convinced that something is always waiting for them .. I heard they finished evacuating the town of Bei Luda This planet is donr for . It 's not the planet that 's done for ; but us , humans . I only ask for one thing : to have enough time to drink that bottle ... .. Another evacuation vessel ? No ! these vibration ... .. feels more like .. ... a battleship ! We were like them We all relied on our youth and walked ahead with audacity It 's the " Arcadia " . hurry up ! ... . let 's go before they leave ! But universe is so vast And human civilization is but a little spark of light .. that will only last a fleeting second Rarely will one spark meet another It truly doesn 't occur often at all The Solar System ... the milky way However far away we went , there was none to be found . We were young and arrogant , We found the way to go faster than light And that 's when we understood : Humanity is desperately alone I heard that you were looking for new crewmen ! ... hire us ! We need just one person . Answer me this : why do you want to get into this ship ? For Honour ! For the money ? For Freedom ! What 's your name ? Yama Don 't ever forget what you just said . Freedom is out flag Ready to sail ! Go ahead Let Kei take care of the newcomer . Why me ? You saved him so he is your resposibility . Humanity grows old Hey .. hurry up and walk ! Even going forward is useless Nothing ever changes Nevertheless , that man is still looking ... . and no one knows why he continues to do so . Sir ! Sensors are detecting something ! ... around MX201 's low orbit The object is growing larger ! Alert ! alert ! Incoming object .. has exceeded a 2 parsec velocity . 120 seconds before collision .. Dark Matter Energy detected It 's a Death Shadow class ship ! .. the " Arcadia " ! Captain ... .. Harlock ! Let me at the helm ! Captain at the helm ! Let 's all get to work and don 't disappoint him ! Hey ! don 't get in the way ! They have patrol ships in this hell-hole ? .. I ... . What do you know how to do ? I was in the artillery in the army . Then go find yourself a gun turret . Your target ; ! That DS class ship ! Fighters launched ! Alpha Leader to all fighters in formation be cautious about the black smoke released by the enemy ship ! That pirate ship still hasn 't launched any fighters . Bomb targets in sequence , starting from the bow . Now let ; s get some fighters to attack the stern ! What ? She 's so fast ... .. a genuine ghost ship ! Who 's manning section 13 ? The new guy sir . He 's really good . Target vessel turned back 180 degrees and is trying to flee No.6 , No.8 , engines are hit , propulsion down by 12 % Captain ! signal confirmation from Agent F111 . prepare for boarding ! Hurry , to the hangar deck ! Pick up the pace , don 't dawdle ! Gravity anchors have been locked ... .. Ready to board ! .. Party time ! Don 't move . ! That 's a retinal embedded detection machine It hurts ! . After 4-5 minutes you 'll get used to it . You finally managed to infiltrate them ? You saved me Take better csre of yourself , newbie ! WE took over the bridge. hurry up , Kei That 's what i 'm doing . Hey ! what are you doing ? , Youré not wearing the right kind of armour ... Gravity anchors fully retrieved . Engaging ships ' cruise speed. let 's leave this area . Everyone accounted for ? We 'll split the loot later on . Everyone returned safely We need to throw the military vessel off our trail . Activate the Dark Matter generator ! Prepare to engage skip ! ... .. Roger ! You heard the Captain , start the Dark Matter System ! We just received a report from the MX zone patrol fleet ... . One of our patrol ships came into contact with the " Arcadia " . Agent F111 managed to sneak aboard . He will implemet his mission according to plan . Did he manage to get the detonator ? I 'm sure he will find it soon . Without that detonator Harlock will no longer be a threat . He 's been revolting against Gaia for the last 100 years . We must stop him for good .. The Gaia Fleet will use all of its might to do so . About the infiltrated agent .. Can we count on him ? Yes sir . Ezra , His Excellency the Governor is very pleased with your loyalty . It 's my honour sir . We 'll be waiting for good news from you . He sent his younger brother as the agent ? He 's really playing it hard . If he wasn 't playing it that way , he wouldn 't have been allowed to command the Gaia fleet this young If he 'd not had that accident , he could have become the Great Chancellor one day ... ... They say luck can be considered as good as competence . Nami Tell me why , Ezra ... .. Why did you decide to send Yama ... . ... . you don 't like it ? . I didn 't force him to go . He chose to go . Admiral , it 's time for the war council . I know . I 'm not interested in the army I want to be a botanical expert like my mother . Impressive , right ? " Arcadia " is equipped with a self-repair system She can get out of most situations . and that 's not all .. The Dark Matter generator gives it infinite power . This ship can go any distance without the need to be refueled or repaired . A Dark Matter generator ? That 's it over there . It 's a relic from the " Homecoming war " , 100 years ago . It was developed by a now lost alien civilization .. The Nibelungen . They developed a perpetual energy machine . No one knows how it works . The only one that knows how to use it is the last survivor of the Nibelungen She 's the only survivor She 's the only alien Humanity managed to contact . We can 't even manage to understand each other very well . Can I ask something , Mr. Yattaran ? Sure . Is it true that Captain Harlock is more than 100 years old ? Heroes are always surrounded by legends ... .... Don 't be too curious about it . There are many people around here who have a criminal record Must be the same for you . I ... We all get very annoyed about it . Annoyed about those idiots who only grovel in front of Gaia ... and only want to go back to Earth . Life in this era is bleak ... .. We have the right to choose to live as we want ! Am I right ? Apparently we are hearing some vibrations around the stern . I haven 't found anything particularly unusual yet . Well , even if you don 't find anything , ... . I want a full report about it .. Where is it hidden ? The central computer system .. The Holy Chapel ... My old Friend Our long journey ... will soon come to an end . It 's not over there . The hour has come ... The decision is yours alone . Why did you let him board the ship ? You know why . What are you waiting for ? A miracle Don 't laugh at me I 'm just ... watching . the eighth planet of the Gorham system Tokarga The 99th ... will be installed on that planet . The 99th one ? He 's referring to a dimensional warhead Humans have abandoned trying to colonize that planet It will be an extremely dangerous mission Who will volunteer ? What ? Nobody wants to go ? I 'll go ... Not you ... .... He has to start somewhere . Take him with you .. Ok. meet me in the hangar deck in 10 minutes . Why did you volunteer ? To survive on this ship , you need luck and courage .. and ... .. and ? I hope the captain will see my worth . Say , where are those dimensional warheads ? You 're about to see . An optical camouflage . The Dimensional warheads ... He said it was the 99th warhead . Could it be possible that he 's planning some sort of terrorist attack ? Don 't ask unneccessary things . Set coordinates for latitude 32 degrees 7 minutes south Longitude 126 degrees 4 minutes west South of the Gimleass valley , on the Weyellah highlands . Coordinate confirmed Beginning atmospheric entry . Now we start working on the settings Be careful of the corrosive gases . There are high-pressure corrosive gases emitted over here . We need to complete this in one hour . We 'll have to work quickly . Don 't worry about those , . no one knows what they are . A well known biologist tried to study them once . And then ? He went delirious before he could understand them . That 's what I fear will happen to me .. That 's why we want to start over . Start over ? Humans looked throughout the entire universe , . and beside Earth ... They couldn 't find one planet that was as good as our home planet . Everyone wants to go home But the Gaia Sanction declared the earth is a sacred land We lost our home . Nothing we can do . Earth can 't support that many people .. But everyone says that humanity will soon come to an end . Humanity is scattered everywhere in the universe . They are disappearing too .. Don 't tell me ... .. you wouldn 't want to end your days on the planet that gave you life . There is a way , Go back to the distant past ... To the days when human still lived on Earth . how ? Find the junction points and unlock the shackles ... the junction points ? Somewhere in this universe There are places where time and space are connected Untie them , and then ... .. we can be freed from the shackles of causality ... and the continuous flow of time in the universe ... will be undone .. However , to do it , we need an incredible amount of energy ... , to reach through the gap of the universe ... .... and untie them one by one . That means ... we have now deployed 98 warheads throughout the universe ... If we install the remaining 2 in the right spot ... . and detonate them all simultaneously ... .... we will be able to unlock the threads of time . At least that 's the Captain 's theory . So that 's the purpose of these warheads , But I don 't understand . You want to rewind time and start all over again ? ... That could wipe us all out . I have faith in the Captain . Anyway , i don 't want oblivion . But it 's better to die than live without hope ... . What was that ? I 've never heard anything like it . Hurry ! get back ! What 's going on ? That 's not made out of rock ! They are on the back of an Omada ! Oh shit ! Are you okay ? Yeah , it 's nothing .. Let me go , I have to go back Don 't be stupid , do you want to die ? It was my fault ... There are corrosive gases down there . You will die if you go back ! What about him ? He 's really unlucky . No way ! Captain They are all withered ... .... These ones too , why ? These species were not up to it , Yama These flowers can only bloom on Earth . It was mother 's dream to make them bloom on Mars . Yama Stop it ! , it 's madness ! Brother ! Brother ! Don 't come near me ! Don 't come I did this ... So , I 'm asking you brother ... brother What can I do ? Be my legs ... . and take my place , You will run into battle for me . That will be your ... Redemption . Captain the corrosive steam geyser is about to erupt ! The Omda is also becoming very active ! No good ! We 'll have to ditch the warhead and fly away in manual mode . Why ? . Why didn 't you stop me even though you knew i was sent by Gaia ? You became one of my crew the instant you set foot on the " Acadia " .. That 's a very stupid way of thinking . My orders are to get the detonator ... , and to kill you ! Is this what you want to do ? The likelihood of survival is less than one in ten thousand Even if you succed no one will praise you . Your task is foolish , especially since no one told you to do it .. It was your own choice .. Did you restore communications ? We tried every radio frequency and we didn 't get any answers ! . We cannot confirm if they have survived . All of that for the newbie ! It could have happened to any of us . The Captain will always do that . Captain , What are we going to do if you 're gone ? ... I am not doing so willingly I want ... I want Freedom . You said that when you first came on board Arcadia ... . I ... If you really believe what you said ... . , then free yourself from the bonds that hold you down . If you still want to kill me after you do ... . , Then shoot me .. Maybe you will be the one that will finally kill me . At first , we wanted to whip you 23 times ... .... But forget it . as long as you 've returned home safely . Free yourself from the bonds that hold you down ... Free yourself The first 99 warheads are deployed , The last one will be placed at the original point of our galaxy .. We 'll deploy it at longitude zero , latitude zero ... On our Homeworld . Earth Earth Earth Earth " Arcadia " is actually heading towards Earth ? , She is underway . Why did we not hear about it from your agent ? . We lost contact . Don 't let them get close to the Earth 's sacred area . Please allow me to use the " Kaleido Star " system With it , I can assure you we can get rid of the " Arcadia " . Kaleido Star System ? It enables us to instantly collapse a nuetron star ... . and produce a very powerful energy beam out of the collected photons It is under the jurisdiction of the provincial resource-management office .. However , do you know what would happen if Harlock detonates his dimensional warheads first ? For him , the dimensional warheads are part of an ultimate plan to ... .. unlock the junction points of time and space He won 't use them on a whim . If we want to win , we absolutely need to use the Kaleido Star system .. Any mistake will destroy the universe . , No one knows what our agent is doing .. Your Lordship , .. what 's your decision ? The use of the Kaleido Star System is permitted . Use all means to stop him . You don 't seem disturbed that we lost communication with Yama ... One must prepare more than one battleplan Did you intend to abandon him from the start ? Do you really hate Yama that much ? Orders from Gaia Sanction Command To all ships of the Gaia fleet , set sail . Repeat : All ships of the Gaia fleet set sail . To all ships of the Gaia fleet To all moored warships , prepare to lift beams . All ships get ready to set sail . After reaching the rest of the fleet , prepare for the next phase . After 45 minutes of solar recharge ... . prepare to engage skip . This is the " Oceanus , " co-ordinates for the fleet acknowledged . Fleet commander Lu Wali speaking . Under orders of his excellency Ezra , every ship in the fleet engage their skip engines ... and prepare for battle . your orders , Admiral . We will now engage " Arcadia " at the very limit of the solar system Prepare for battle ! Roger All ships link jump co-ordinates and prepare to skip ! prepare to set up a defensive line in the area near Pluto . All ships in the fleet : engage skip ! My old friend ... , This will be our final voyage . Am i weary ? I can 't be ... Red alert ! ... . Enemy fleet approaching ! A 36,000 strong enemy fleet is located in front of us ! They are making a defensive line in front of the solar system . There are other ships appearing behind us . They are approaching at 0.24 the speed of light They have us cornered ! What are your orders ? Full speed ahead . Give them a warm welcome Roger ! Dark Matter engine to full power ! Broadside cannons ready Deploying all turrets in active mode What a bloody great welcome " Arcadia " detected ahead of us . They 're heading straight at us . They are trying to penetrate our defences They 've activated their Dark matter Shield All battleships , lock guns on the " Arcadia " Awaiting orders , Admiral . Wait ... .. Just a little more ... Brother Now ! Battle fleet ... .. fire at will ! We are having battleship losses due to friendly fire ! Hold your fire ! Hold your fire ! Hold your fire ! We have an emergency situation Hologram ? A smart plan ... The " Arcadia " detected heading for Saturn Admiral ? 2nd Fleet , skip drive to their location . 136 enemy units just materialized within a 7400 M radius . They were waiting for us . We 've been detected . They 're not as stupid as they look ... Yama The " Arcadia " is trying to contact us , They are using the Gaia fleet 's network .. Accept the connection .. Connected . Brother So , You 're still alive Please recall your Fleet . Harlock 's mission is not to destroy the universe . The Elder Council is still open to reason .. Try to negotiate with them . Is that all you can say ? You disappoint me . Disconnect Brother Ready the Kaleido Star system ! The Kaleido Star system collapses neutron stars ... . , And converts them into a powerful light source . If we manage to concentrate that energy into a single point ... . , even the " Arcadia " won 't stand a chance . Deploy battleships 84 and 93 of the 2nd fleet , flank the " Arcadia " on both sides . Deploy battleships 84 and 93 of the 2nd fleet , flank the " Arcadia " on both sides . I 'll use light to dispel the darkness that has followed you for the last 100 years . I 'll use light to dispel the darkness that has followed you for the last 100 years . Four powerful gravitational fields just appeared around the fleet . What is it ? It 's huge The estimated area of destruction is quite large . ! energy beam ... ! Fire ! Debris is increasing ... Increasing sheild to full strength ! The Kaleido Star System is entering its cool-down state . Alert ! incoming debris impact ! Electromagnetic interference ! Remote wave sensors cannot activate ! 2 minutes before they can be effective again . Report the status of the target . quickly ! use full telephoto global scan . " Arcadia " is nowhere to be found ! She 's destroyed ? No sign of her . Was it a holographic projection ? How ! ? we were so close ! . " Arcadia " detected starboard aft ! What ? The battleships are too slow to turn around . Heavy cruiser " Nei Lede " completely destroyed " Ares " also suffered heavy damage Regroup all intact battleships and close the gaps . " Arcadia " is changing course ... They are coming back ... " Arcadia " is here Yama 97 % of the fleet warships have received major damage Including " Oceanus " ... only 17 combat-worthy ships remain Try to hold on Brother , it 's useless to resist Gaia Fleet 's flagship is in very bad shape , You should abandon it The " Oceanus " will be used as a bargaining chip ... . Inform the Gaia Sanction that we have hostages Good job . Thanks to you , brother I told you I would use the fleet as a lure . However , who told you about the rest of the plan ? Was it Nami ? Leave her out of this I want to take a bet on Harlock 's mission . So that Humankind can start over again . And then we would ... Start over ? You don 't understand anything We 're about to reach the Earth 's sanctuary zone After waiting for a hundred years , we will finally be able to use the Earth 's junction point . After waiting for a hundred years , we will finally be able to use the Earth 's junction point . After waiting for a hundred years , we will finally be able to use the Earth 's junction point . Here we can start over . Yeah , but what will happen if we install the dimensional warhead on Earth ? Won 't Earth be destroyed ? . The Captain knows what he 's doing . Have a little faith . Harlock is not telling you everything . We are getting close to the secured zone , . you will be able to see for yourself What 's happening ? A hologram ? It was only a fake ? That 's not Earth ! ? What does this mean ? ... It means ... that Harlock has done the wrong thing ! The blue surface is actually a holographic projection ! ? Captain ! 100 years ago , Humans scattered throughout the universe Everyone fought to be allowed to come back to Earth . The " Homecoming war " Tired of that endless conflict , humans tried to end the war by following the Gaia Sanction 's teachings . declaring Earth as a " sacred place " no one must set foot on it . It was at that time , that the Gaia Fleet was tasked to defend the Earth . Harlock was in command of a " Death Shadow " fleet . Harlock ? The fleet was made up of 4 Death Shadow battleships , all equipped with Dark Matter engines . An invincible Armada One man managed to ressurect a lost alien civilization . His name was Toshiro , a former Gaia fleet Officer He and Harlock became best friends Our race was facing impending doom . He saved us all . As our thanks , we agreed to give him all of our technology . Harlock continued to defend the Earth But ... ....... .. the Gaia Sanction began giving special treatment to politicians . That was the price for peace Beautiful words cannot end the war But , This man decided to revolt Earth was the holy shrine That convinced Harlock to start fighting for what he believed . He hated Gaia Sanction 's betrayal Toshiro ! And the Gaia Sanction felt the same about him . Toshiro ... Harlock was cornered . He told me to release the Dark Matter Energy . He thought that covering Earth with Dark Matter , would really protect her ... But he didn 't know how dangerous it was . and the worst happened . Harlock 's expectation wasn 't met the Dark Matter Energy covered the earth itself devouring everything that it came in contact with . It was too late , everything was gone .. Everyone was gone , But ... That man survived . Not the same Harlock that we knew . He was transformed into a cursed pirate surrounded by Dark Matter Energy . 5 years after the end of the war , Harlock stole 100 Dimensional Oscillation Warheads from Gaia and then he disappeared . his purpose ... To use the warheads throughout the universe according to the junction point theory of the Nibelung , The Gaia Sanction came to that conclusion . That man ... Couldn 't bear the burden of his crime and wanted to end it all . Yama You must stop this . If we untie the junctions , what will become of the universe ? The universe is a little like an incredibly large bubble , The junctions act like corks If you pull them all simultaneously , Everything will return to nothingness , Then will be reborn again reborn again ... ... What do you mean ? It 's the only way . , After all , humanity is only a brief moment in the entire history of the universe . The fact that we exist or that we even came into existence to begin with , Won 't matter anymore once we become extinct . When people began understanding that , they tried to return to earth . When people began understanding that , they tried to return to earth . Our mother world . But our birthplace is dead . The Earth is telling us to go back to the beginning . By giving me a cursed ship and an immortal body that isn 't even allowed to die ... . and an immortal body that isn 't even allowed to die ... . The only way to repent would be ... . to end it all . Don 't blame yourself ! As our Captain , you saved us from our old lives . That 's who you are . Kei , start activating the dimensional warheads ... . What is it ? Harlock Let me take care of that ... You need to survive . Miime What 's happening ? We 're moving away from the Earth ! Who 's doing this ! ? My old friend ... Are you betraying me now ? The " Oceanus " traction cables have been disconnected ! .. This is the engine room ! The prisoners have escaped ! How ? Quickly , Report ! Close all the Emergency exits ! The captives are armed with weapons ! Dont allow them to get to the bridge ! You ! Kei , you said to me once ... . It is is better to die than live without hope ... . Listen everyone , I know you are looking for someone who can fix this . But , So , this is your answer ? Probably ... You 're immortal , right ? No , that thing will go through my body and kill me . Space Criminal Code S-OO999 Harlock has violated Article 62 of the law , terrorizing and bringing terror to the universe , You 're under arrest . We 've just received breaking news ! , The Gaia Sanction has just announced that The 100-year-old fugitive that went against peace agreements Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his crew of 40 Has been arrested by the Gaia Fleet . You are now in-charge of the central command . Brother Where 's Nami ? She 's not your concern .. Why did you betray me ? Ah , forget it . Of course , your heart always belonged to Yama . You 're really oblivious .. I wanted to thank you for your kindness .. You wanted to eliminate your hatred Don 't try to lecture me ! Look ... Who do you think is responsible for leaving you like that ? , I 've done this just for you nevertheless , Why did you choose him ? I think i understand now ... The person that makes you suffer isn 't Yama , It 's me . You 're right ; i loved Yama since the beginning . Shut up ! I never fell in love with you . That 's enough ! Don 't say it ! Never ! Stop it ! I lied to you I 'm sorry , Ezra Nami ... I liked you very much . Besides , I 'll always be with you . Fool ... Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! Take this .. Nami recorded this video ... She used a compromised network . Because of that , her life support system malfunctioned It 's a pity That 's a lie ... Ezra , what did you do ! Look , Yama These flowers grow on this planet . Those are your mother 's flowers Turned out to be so strong to bloom beautifully Ezra persuaded me to manage the greenhouse . I hope you will look after these flowers Even though you hate them now . No matter how much hate you are carrying , you need to let it go . If you do , all your pain will go away . You know , Ezra has always been at my side His gentleness made ​ ​ me feel at ease That 's why i chose Ezra So , don 't blame yourself Someday if you meet someone that 's important to you , Please remember me . We are family . You look very weak . As expected . You will be executed this afternoon , The source of your immortality , the Dark Matter , is about to fail you this time . The Curse you were given will be removed . It 's futile . What was your goal ? Could it be that you wanted to re-do it all over again ? Sometimes people hold on to a dream ... . knowing something wonderful could happen ... to other people ... No matter who they are ... .. Good luck with your ... .... Freedom Today , the time has come for the famous space pirate Captain Harlock and his crew , Have accepted themerciful gift of death offered by Gaia . The execution will be broadcast live , directly from the Gaia Sanction network .. As of now , most of the Elders have officially taken their seats , High Supreme Court of Gaia Order and peace ! Order and peace ! Our Hometown ! Mother Earth ! Gaia who scattered her children throughout the universe May you shine forever until the day all of your children fall asleep . Even if ... ... It 's only a dream ... Stop saying such nonsense ! It hurts to say this , but , We 're going to die . What did you say ? ! Stop acting like children .. What was that ? Isn 't this fine ? We were never welcome anywhere else , Except on this ship . But the problem is ... , What is it ? The Captain doesn 't care if we die . You 're just like Yama You 're worse ! You don 't have the right to complain ! Just like you , and me ... . everyone gathered around the Captain to feed off of his despair . The executions will commence in 10 minutes ! All Guards are to exit the ship . I repeat : All Guards are to exit the ship . Hey , they told us to evacuate / What 's up with that guy ? Collapsing field beginning to take shape . Maintaining singularity barriers . Monitoring the osmotic quantum gravity dispersion state . Space collapse rate has risen to optimal level Space collapse rate going over the critical point Releasing some pressure Optimal breakthrough level reached . Incineration will start in 10 seconds , 9 ... .. 8 .. 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... . 4 ... 3 ... . The incinerator unit has exploded ! All readings off scale ! The Dark Matter Energy is overflowing ! Get out now ! What are you doing ? I was wrong It 's too late ! The Gaia Sanction is wrong too even Harlock , everyone is wrong ! Let 's go to to Earth ... you 'll see what I mean . There 's something you need you to see . Why should we trust this guy ? We 'll talk about this later .. The guards will be here soon . Let 's take off ! Hey , do you trust him ? If you want to die , stay here , Let 's go ! I hate this Switch to the screen inside the ship Yes ! What 's going on ? It 's a Rebellion ... They are trying to delay the execution Quickly ! terminate the broadcast ! Kill them at once ! Understood ! Attention ! all space soldiers ! Kill all " Arcadia " crew members ! I 'm not going to run anymore ! We need you for the ship ! Let 's fight them , Captain ! You 're the only one who can control it . Hurry ! Stand up , Captain ! You may indeed have destroyed mankind 's home planet , But you gave us shelter ! The battleship ! there is no other placewe would rather be ! Harlock Please take a look This flower came from Earth . , Hey , what 's happening ... .... It 's a sign of the Earth 's rebirth . There is still hope . Nothing has completely ended , everything can start anew . Even if we were to vanish , this flower ... .... Will continue to be fertile on Earth . Life always finds a way ... . and who knows , maybe humans will too . Humanity can be reborn ... . This flower is proof .. This is ... Freedom My old friend ... The Dark Matter energy is continuing to expand ! We 're unable to contain it They just skipped , where did they go ? They are heading toward the sanctuary zone ... .. ... . toward Earth ? Mobilize all forces in the solar system We must prevent " Arcadia " from reaching Earth ! What 's the status of the " Oceanus " ? Repairs not yet complete Get her ready to launch anyway ... Yes , sir ! Amazing , this ship is moving by herself ... She 's heading toward Earth ... Could she be aiming for the junction point ? Yattaran infiltrate the Gaia Sanctions ' galaxy network . The Hyperspace Communications should allow us to communicate simultaneously throughout the universe We 're going to get rid of Earth 's hologram satellites ... . ... in order to reveal the truth to the whole universe . Yama are you ready to show them the true face of Earth ? , Their ship just reappeared from skip exactly as we expected ... They will not go any further ... Prepare the ship for combat ! They have a lot of ships . Our goal is the hologram satellite Don 't get distracted .. Yattaran , are you ready yet ? It 's not that simple Their targeting the hologram satellites ! Don 't let them succeed ! hull armour in critical condition ! Yattaran ! OK then , ! Come .. come ... come .. come .. come ! Linking Gaia Sanction 's galactic communications network Success ! Yama ... We can 't avoid her ! This is the " Arcadia " To all the people in the universe ... Don 't look away See it with your own eyes Gaia Sanction wanted to hide the truth The true face of the Earth Because of past wars ... The beautiful planet has turned into this Stop the broadcast ! But ... Do not despair , there is hope . Earth is still alive The land of the dead has regained new life This kind of life is extremely fragile It 's not too late to nurture it , and to preserve it , Don 't just rely on dreams Don 't be afraid to accept the truth We can take our first real step toward recovery . We are not alone in the universe . Even if our race were to vanish ... . Life will continue to grow Look in front of you until your last breath . This life proves one thing : We still have hope ! We still have hope ! That 's really stupid ! What they are doing will destroy all order in the universe ! Stop " Arcadia " as soon as possible ! Don 't panic . The " Jovian Blaster " will take care of this . The " Jovian Blaster " ? It 's a weapon from the " Homecoming war " , Complete the mission using this ultimate weapon But ... The " Arcadia " is in Earth orbit Earth will ... That sacred place is no longer ... .. .. the beautiful blue planet it once was . We need to consider some sacrifices . Please wait ! Your Lordship ! Order the fleet to fall back , Ezra Enemy ships are retreating ... What are they doing ? The Gaia Fleet ... ... You think they are giving up that easily ? Something 's approaching ... the " Oceanus " ! Ezra Approaching ramming speed ! Why is he pushing us like that ? The enemy is anchoring the ship ! They are boarding us ! They 'll pay for this ! Kei , are you alright ? This is not like you ... Yattaran ! I 'm not running away anymore ! Ezra , where are you ? Get out of my way ! Circular electromagnetic guiding rails aligned . Jupiter 's rotation speed increasing Getting ready to fire ! ... .. Atmospheric plasma reaching excitation state . Jovian Blaster charged at 60 % Rotation rate is still rising Jupiter is gradually deforming ... There are 180 seconds until critical output The " Oceanus " rammed into the " Arcadia " during the fight . They are still fighting ... Never mind that . We can sacrifice them . Do not despair . So you 've become the saviour , Yama ? Where are you Ezra ? You couldn 't even save the woman you loved You want to save mankind ? What a joke . I got you now . You are so naive You put all your hopes ... .. , Into our mother 's flower . But the flower ... Bloomed ! It 's too late ! If not for you , Nami would not have died ! That beam was a test firing , The next beam coming from Jupiter will destroy the " Arcadia " and Earth with it . You ... Captain , please go Miime , I have a last task for you . , Protect Earth . You are the only one who has remained faithful . They were not able to completely control the cannon . The test fire results look great . It hasn 't been fired since the end of the " Homecoming war " It was to be expected . Correct aim and fire again ! The second plasma energy charge at 95 % target values reached . Auxilliary plasma level sustained . Aligning the magnetic rings . Preparing to open the force field ! Firing mechanism is locked on the target . Targeting " Arcadia " Automatic tracking system enabled . This will be our last sight of her . , The memory will be more than enough . After all , mankind cannot go on living forever .. Harlock , are you fine with this ? I 'm sorry Miime If only I ... .. It 's alright . I 'm not sad .. Even in death ... .. I know that life is an eternal loop .. Release all the Dark Matter .. This can 't be ! . What happened ? The " Arcadia " moved away . Preventing the Earth from been hit . " Oceanus " Damn you , Ezra You allowed us to save the Earth ... ! by ramming the " Arcadia " into us . Why ? I wanted to see ... . Nami 's flowers They 're really beautiful Brother ... ... Brother ! Earth is starting to recover , Mankind will try to come back once again .. " Homecoming war " will happen again . Using this will prevent it from happening . All the Dark Matter Energy has been released . Maybe now is the time to kill me .. You want to shoot ? . Another time , .. maybe . Let 's enjoy the world that Nami and Ezra gave us . Is that so ? If one day you find that mankind is making the same mistakes again , I hope you won 't hesitate to use it ... Destruction and terror Are always repeating in a cycle . As long as mankind exists , we must make sure that the Captain Harlock myth ... ... continues to exist , Forever ... This is the Planetary Joint Army We have you surrounded , Please relinquish your ship if there are survivors left on the ship , Disarm ! If you do not surrender , We 'll start attacking again From the day Harlock saved me , I pledged myself to him .. I won 't die as long as the " Arcadia " lives ! " Arcadia " Full throttle ! Humanity grew older ... . No matter how far away we may go , there is nothing to be found . Everything stays the same . Nevertheless , that man is still looking ... .. And no one knows why he continues to do so . subs by john kendon wang xiaoling
