 In the distant future or maybe in the distant past ... The human race propagated across the galaxy and founded colonies on distant planets . The population has increased in excess of billions of inhabitants But resources are now exhausted , the birth rate has collapsed , and the human race is in an era of decline . A movement began that advocates a return to Mother Earth . However , the planet does not support repatriation . A huge conflict for the right to return started , known as the " Homecoming War " Then a governmental organization was born , the " Gaia Coalition " , which would end the war . The Gaia Coalition declared the Earth as " sacred place " where no one is allowed to enter . Instead the land was used as a symbol to watch from a distance , while the colonists on planets are dying . There was however , a man who resisted ... and continued to venture into the depths of space . A space pirate immortal from the last century who plotted to challenge warships of the Federation . Wanted by the Gaia Coalition , code S-00999 His name is - Youth is wasted on the young , and cannot be reclaimed . " There will always be something to believe in , " If you continue to move forward . " The city of Bei Luda has already perished . This planet also finished . It 's not the end of the planet , but of we humans . At least , until the end of " Her ... " Is it the immigration ship again ? No , this vibration ... A battleship ! So do we rely , on the recklessness of youth ? It 's the Arcadia . Hurry up ! it 's getting away ! The universe is so vast , and Human civilization is so small . Human technology , when viewed from the point of the space , is nothing . Only a small moment . And this glorious moment is another cycle of life , Is not easy . In the Solar System and the galaxy , Even moving forward seems futile at times . After finally obtaining the technology to exceed the speed of light . We know ... That man is very lonely . I heard that you need additional crew members ! We need only one . What ? Answer this , why are you here ? Honor . Money . Freedom ! Your name ? Yama Just don 't forget that word . It 's the symbol of this ship . Ready to sail ! Let 's go ! Kei , you take care of the newcomer . Why me ? You saved him , he 's you 're responsibility . Mankind suffered a terrible setback . Hey , hurry up and walk ! Although a step forward , It changes nothing . Even so , why does mankind ... Keep trying to move forward ? Enemy presence detected . Confirmed ! It 's location is in orbit point MX201 , and moving towards us . Warning ! Could it be ... Captain , the ship is at sub-light velocity . 120 seconds till intercept . Dark Matter Energy detected . It 's the fourth ship of the Death Shadow Squad The Arcadia ! Captain Harlock Let me take over . The Captain will be taking control . All of you , hurry up ! Hey ! get out of my way ! Prepare to engage those patrol ships ! Excuse me What are you doing ? Where 's the turrets ? Follow them straight ahead . Launching ! Target Ship to Tia DS - 1 Fighters have been launched . Alpha Leader has launched aircraft to start the battle . Target the fuel supply , What kind if pirate ship doesn 't have an aircraft carrier ? Preparing to attack the ship from above . Target the sides of the ship , What ? So fast ! Is that a real ghost ship ? Who 's occupying the vacant turret ? The new kid . Well , not bad . Targets begin a 180 ° rotation for escape trajectory ! No. 6 and No. 8 bomb propulsion barrel down by 12 % Signal confirmed . It 's from Agent F111 . Everyone ! The anchor is being lowered . Hurry up to the hangar deck ! Anchor has been lowered . Don 't waste time . Anchor mounted , gravity ready . Party time Don 't move . I embedded you with a Retinal Scanner . It hurts . You 'll get used to it after a few minutes . You are to infiltrate and spy on Harlock and his crew . You saved me . Don 't wander around by yourself . The bridge is under control , move faster Kei . We 're working on it . Hey you , Why are you wearing that armor ? We have finished lifting the anchors . The ship will use the manual navigation system from this moment ... and headed to the region of the solar system . Attention ! The Captain 's here ! We 're going to shake off the Coalition 's pursuit . Activate the Dark Matter System ! Standby for " In Skip " jump ... Roger that ! You heard the Captain ! Start the Dark Matter System ! There is a report from the Space Fleet in the area of MX201 A patrol ship fought the Arcadia . Agent F111 has managed to slip on board according to plan . Good ... and the status ? We will find them soon . We could have captured that fugitive Harlock if he didn 't have the dark matter ship . He is a 100-year-old rebel , who has tarnished the Gaia Coalition . He must be stopped . I 'll make sure the Gaia Fleet is at full force this time . Can the agent can be trusted ? Yes . Ezra , His Majesty is very pleased with your loyalty . It 's my honor sir . We look forward to hearing the good news . He made his younger brother a spy ? That must have been hard for him . Maybe a Gaia Fleet Commander title will be given to a young child . He 's quite young to serve the Gaia Fleet . What could possibly go wrong ? If not for the accident , he would have been an officer . He needs a lot of luck , if he wants that position . Nami . Why , Ezra ? Why did you give the mission to Yama ? You don 't agree ? I didn 't force him . He decided that on his own . Commander it 's time for the strategy meeting .. Understood . I 'm not interested in the army , I want to be a plant researcher like my mother . Amazing isn 't it ? Arcadia is equipped with a self-repair system . That place was damaged completely . That part also . The distance that can be reached by Dark Matter Energy is infinite . The ship doesn 't need to return to a port to obtain fuel for the trip . Dark Matter Energy ? There ... 100 years ago , during the " Homecoming war " A lost alien civilization called The Nibelung Created a machine that can use the energy . But , we don 't know how to use it . Only the Nibelung race can operate that thing . She was the only survivor . The only alien civilization to communicate with humans . But to be able to understand each other more is still far off . Can I ask something , Mr. Yattaran ? Sure . Is it true that the captain is over 100 years old ? Legend is what makes a hero . I don 't want to find out . Here , a lot of people have criminal records . Just like you . I ... Everyone is disappointed , Everyone is talking about " Gaia this , and Gaia that , " and there 's no proof . Humans are just wasting their lives . Human lives are bleak . You cannot make people do what they don 't want to do . Right ? Regarding the status of the sound waves ... Is there a problem ? None that we can determine . Then you should be clear on that point . Where it is hidden ? A central computer system ... Is the source of energy ? My friend , Soon our long journey ... will come to an end ... Don 't do it here . The time will come . Please leave . Why did you let him aboard ? You know why , right ? What are you planning to do ? A miracle . You 'll laugh if I tell you . I just ... Want to make sure . 8th planet of the Gorahm galaxy . Tokaga . The 99th will be mounted on that planet . What 's the 99th ? It 's a Dimensional Oscillation Warhead . Humans tried to live on that planet , but eventually gave up . This job is more dangerous than your usual . Who will volunteer ? What ? Nobody ? I 'll go . You can 't . You 're still a beginner ... We all have to start somewhere ... it might as well be now . Well then , proceed to the hangar deck in 10 minutes . Why did you sign up ? To be able to survive on this ship . There 's only fate or cooperation . - And also ... - Besides that ? I want to see the Captain 's face . Where are we heading to ? We 'll be there soon . A visual camouflage . A Dimensional Oscillation Warhead ... He said that this is the 99th . You install this kind of thing . You want to launch a terror attack ? Do not ask unnecessary questions . Set coordinates . North latitude 32 ° 7 minutes . Longitude 126 ° 4 minutes . Jim Dahl hills to the east of the Wye Valley . Jimwest Hill in the southern districts of Mark Rees . Coordinates established . Preparing for landing . We 're now ready to enter the job zone . Be careful with the tablets of corrosive gas . This area here has very strong corrosive gas pressures . Task completion time limit is 1 hour ... Come on , let 's do this . You had better stay hidden . Because nobody knows what they will do . I think there 's a researcher who examined these creatures . What are they ? She supposedly finished the work , but she went crazy . I think I have started to feel weird . So , get started then . Started ? Although we have searched all over space . There 's no place man regarded as home other than the Earth . We all , wanted to go home . But because the Gaia Coalition made the Earth a sacred land , The home planet that we lived in is gone . We can make it . If we all go home , the Earth could be ours , right ? But , everyone says that the human race will soon come to an end . Humans are now scattered throughout the galaxy . In a desperate attempt to try again .. At least one last time . Don 't you want to spend your life in our own planet ? There is only one way ... Going back to the days , where humans are still living on Earth . How ? By releasing the bonds of time through a Junction Point Intersection . Intersection ... of time ? There are places in this universe where space and time overlap . If we can release them , then we will be freed from the bonds of time . And also be free from the interconnected flow of time , That is ... freedom ... But , a huge explosion is needed . And the bonds that connect this universe together . Must be removed one by one . And they will be ... For now , 98 warheads are mounted on different planets . If we can put two more warheads , we can blow them up . Then the time junction will be separated . But those are the words of Captain . Such a large Explosion ... How foolish ... But I don 't understand . Return , and begin again . People are no longer concerned with beautiful words like that , are they ? I believe in the Captain . Besides , I don 't want it to end like this . I don 't want to die lonely . What 's going on ? I didn 't know this would happen . Hurry ! Let 's go back ! That 's not a rock formation but the back of a Serpent Monster ! Oh crap . Are you alright ? Yes , I 'm okay . Let me go , I want to go back ! Don 't be silly , do you want to die ? It was my fault ... There are corrosive gases down there . You will also be killed . But if this continues ... He 'll be killed . What an unlucky guy . No way ! Captain ? They withered , this one also . Why ? It hasn 't been possible since the beginning , Yama . These flowers only bloom on Earth ... Wasn 't it mother 's dream to make them bloom on Mars ? Yama Stop , that 's dangerous ! Brother ! Brother ... Don 't come ! Don 't come here ... You 're like this ... So ... Tell me brother , What should I do ? Be my legs . Instead of me walking , running in the battlefield . That is your ... Destiny ... Captain , you 're close to the source of the corrosive gas explosion . The source of the blast is still active ... I can 't disconnect the warhead , it has to be removed manually . You noticed , didn 't you ... that I am of the Gaia Fleet ? As long as you 're on the Arcadia , you 're my crew . That 's very stupid . My mission is to get the Dimensional Oscillation Warhead , And to kill you ! Is that what you wanted ? The possibility of your mission 's success is only 1 : 10,000 . Even if you succeed , no one will acknowledge it . But there 's one person who would do such stupid thing . You , Yourself . Why is there no contact yet ? All radio frequencies are dead ... We cannot confirm if they have survived or not . The Captain risks his life just for that kid ? If it happened to one of us ... The captain would do the same . Captain , With you , we are ... I 'm not doing this willingly , I 'm not ... Freedom . You said that while boarding the Arcadia . I did ... If what you said was true , Fight against the ones that bind you . If you still want me dead , Then shoot me . Maybe you can kill me . Brother , I wanted to hit you 2-3 times ... But forget it . What matters is that you returned home safely . The ones that bind you ... Fight them . The rest of the warheads have been deployed , With the completion of the installation of 99th warhead , We can procede to our final target . Our home planet . Earth . Earth . Earth . Earth . The Arcadia is speeding towards the solar system . The time has come . Why is there 's no contact with F111 ? There is communication interference . Don 't let them get close to the Earth . Please allow us to use the " Kaleido Star " system . This will provide the destruction of the Arcadia . Kaleido Star System ? This weapon produces energy by destroying neutron stars . It was built by galactic resource management . What if Harlock detonates his Dimensional Oscillation Warheads ? The Dimensional Oscillation Warhead is the weapon they will use to unlock time junction . It 's not likely to be used soon . Using the Kaleido Star System will insure our victory . There is a problem , it could destroy subspace . Many of our units will die . Your Majesty , your decision please . The use of the Kaleido Star System is permitted . Destroy them , by any means . You are not surprised that communication with Yama was disrupted . Desire for revenge must be included in a battleplan . You planned this since the beginning . Why do you hate him so much ? ! Gaia Coalition 's high command . Commands the entire Gaia Fleet , To prepare for launch . Repeat , entire fleet prepare for launch . Entire fleet , ready for launch . Roger that , everything is prepared for launch . All ships initiate warp drive after reaching the specified coordinates . 45 minutes after the speed of light is confirmed , go to the " In Skip " zone . Oceanus determining coordinates , celestial coordinates set . Here is the mainstay of the fleet , Commander Lu Guardian . According to Commander Ezra 's orders , The entire fleet is in " In skip " mode .. And prepared for attack . Commander , your order . Let 's welcome the Arcadia from within the Solar System . Prepare for battle ! Roger . The combined fleet is poised in the " Skip Out " zone . Pluto coordinates , will be used as a defense point outside of the Solar System . All ships go to the " In Skip " zone . My friend , This is the final step of our journey ... Confused ? At a time like this ? Warning ! Enemy fleet detected ! The Majority of the enemy fleet is ahead , at a distance of 36,000 light-years . The defense perimeter is the outermost orbit of the Solar System . Also confirmed is the presence of the enemy at close range . Moving at roughly 0.24 of the speed of light . Damn , they challenge us for war . Your orders , Captain ? Full speed ahead . We 'll break them down . Roger ! Dark Matter Engine , to maximum output . Prepare all cannons to fire ! Deploying turrets in battle mode ! Remarkable isn 't it ? Arcadia still lies ahead . Heading towards the outer solar system defenses . Preparing to break through the line . Activation of Dark Matter Shield confirmed . All guns are prepared to fire on the Arcadia . Awaiting your command . Wait ... Wait just a little longer ... Brother ... Now ! Entire fleet ! Commence attack ! Warning ! Our ships are shooting each other ... Hold your fire ! Hold your fire ! Stop shooting at each other ! We have an emergency situation ! It 's a hologram ? Ingenious ... Confirmed ! The Arcadia is just outside of the rings of Saturn . Commander ? Alright ! 2nd Fleet go to " In Skip " . 136 enemy units confirmed at a distance of 74,000 light years . Very close distance . We are not there yet . The enemy cannot be that stupid ... Yama . Incomming message from the Arcadia . Gaia Fleet 's passcode recognized . Open channel . Brother ... You 're still alive . Command the fleet to back off . Harlock 's goal is not to destroy the universe . That was just a one-sided assessment of an officer . If you just talk to him , you will understand . Is that all you have to say ? How you disappoint me . Disconnect . Brother ! Initialize the Kaleido Star System . The Kaleido Star System converts the power output of neutron stars . By destroying them and turning them into cosmic rays . Even the Arcadia won 't stand a chance . 2nd Fleet from 84 to 93 , flank the Arcadia on both sides . Let light dispel the darkness , that you brought a hundred years ago . A powerful gravitational field has appeared , measuring over 4G 's What did you say ? That 's huge ... This indicates an object of immense size . Use the star ... Fire ! Debris increasing ... Intensify forward shields ! Kaleido Star System entering cool down state . Alert ! Incoming Debris . Wave sensors are non-functional due to electromagnetic interference . Approximately 2 minutes till recharge . Initating full telescopic scan immediately . Maintain current conditions . There is no trace of Arcadia . Has it been destroyed ? It 's not . Presence detected . There 's no way it 's still a hologram . Why ? Why has this plan also failed ? Arcadia emerging from top side . What did you say ? It is too late to dodge ! Battlecruiser " Nei Lede " is completely destroyed . " Ares " also destroyed . Reorganize the remaining fleet immediately ! Fill in the gaps ! Arcadia 's gravitational disturbance has disappeared . Where ... The Arcadia is heading this way ! Yama ... 97 % of the fleet has been completely destroyed ! Only 17 ships of the fleet remain , including the Oceanus . We can 't fight them in this condition . Brother , resistance is useless . Gaia Fleet 's flagship is in very bad condition . Why don 't you just abandon it ? I won 't ... If we bring the Oceanus , the Gaia Coalition will know that we have prisoners . Your skills are improving . Thanks to you , brother . I told you about the ambush planned by the 2nd fleet . You should know better than that . Nami , right ? Leave her out of this . I want to bet on Harlock . With the reset of time , people can start over again . That way , we will ... Start over ? You don 't know anything . We will enter the Earth 's orbit soon . It 's been 100 years , our home planet , the Earth comes into view . From here , we will start again . But planting the Dimensional Oscillation Warhead , wouldn 't that make the Earth explode too ? That 's the Captain 's decision . He must have thought this through . Harlock is deceiving you guys . Soon we will enter the sacred zone ... Make sure you see it clearly . What 's that ? A hologram ? The Earth , is just an illusion ? What happened , exactly ? This is ... Harlock committed the greatest of sins . The blue surface is just a holographic projection ? Captain ! 100 years ago , humans scattered throughout the universe ... The right to return to Earth , turned into a war . The " Homecoming war . " Tired of endless human conflicts . The Gaia Coalition decided to put an end to the war . Declaring Earth a " Sacred Place " All people were forbidden to enter . The Earth was guarded at that time by the Gaia Fleet . Harlock was on board the battlecruiser , named " The Shadow of Death " Harlock was ? There were 4 Death Shadow ships which were equipped with Dark Matter . An invincible " Armada " A technology which would revive the life that was lost ... A scientist of Gaia Fleet ... Harlock 's only close friend ... Provided assistance to our people who were facing doom . That 's why we gave him our legacy of this technology . Harlock continued to protect the Earth . However ... The Gaia Coalition officials could enter the Earth freely . These were the terms in exchange for peace . War does not just end with simple promises . But ... He didn 't want to accept it . Earth became a sacred place . Because of that , Harlock began to fight . He hated the traitors of Gaia Coalition . Tochiro ! And the Gaia Coalition hated him . Tochiro ... Harlock was cornered . He ordered the activation of the Dark Matter Engine . " If the Dark Matter would cover the Earth then the Earth would actually be untouchable . " I wish I had known how dangerous it was . I would have stopped him . But it did not react as Harlock expected . The Dark Matter surrounded the Earth . And devoured the Earth 's entire surface . All was gone , at least that 's what everyone thought . But ... He came back to life . He was not the same Harlock that we knew , But a cursed pirate who was possessed by Dark Matter . Five years after the end of the war , He stole 100 Dimensional Oscillation Warheads owned by the Gaia Coalition . Then Harlock disappeared . The goal was .. To adjust to the space-time relationship theory , as proposed by Nibelung race , Then the Gaia Coalition would come to its end . He couldn 't bear the burden of what he had done , and wanted to destroy everything . Yama , What about you ? If we remove the junctions of time ... What will happen to the universe ? Everything that exists in infinite space ... Is connected to a line called the relationship of time . If the lines are removed , All will return to nothingness , And we will be reborn . So that 's it ! So that 's what you are trying to do . There 's is no other way . Humanity , After all , is only a moment in the history of the universe . Whether or not it exists in that sense , Hope still exists , This cannot be simply annihilated . Since mankind realized it , they will want the Earth back . And want to return to the mother planet , To the era where the world can still be occupied . But , that Earth no longer exists . Earth is all we had . And it gave me this cursed ship ... And a body that will not die . But that doesn 't compesenate , for those we lost . It 's not your fault . If you hadn 't saved us Captain , we certainly wouldn 't even be able to go back . There was no other way ... Kei , you blew the Dimensional Oscillation Warhead ... Why ? Harlock . Accept what they have to say , Definitely there will be a way of life for you . Miime ? What is happening ? We 're starting to move away from the Earth . Who is doing this ? My friends ... Do you also betray me ? The Oceanus prisoners are free , somebody helped them . A group of them have gotten into the mechanical room ! How ? Report ! The emergency hatch is sealed ! The prisoners have access to weapons ! Don 't let them get to the bridge ! You ! Kei you said that , You didn 't want to die lonely . Everyone is the same . Perhaps we should just put an end to all of this . But ... So , this is your answer ? Possibly . You are immortal . This cursed body is all that remains . Criminal Codename S-OO999 , Harlock . Due to your intentional violation of Article 62 . You 're under arrest . Breaking news has been received , The Gaia Coalition has an important announcement . The 100-year-old fugitive who hindered the peace agreement , Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his 40 crew members , Has been arrested by the Gaia Fleet . You are now in-charge here . Brother , Where 's Nami ? Stay away from her . Why did you betray me ? Of course . Your heart belongs only to Yama . You don 't know anything , do you ? I want to return the favor . I wanted to eliminate your hatred . Don 't try to lecture me ! Look ... Who 's responsible for making you like this ? Nevertheless , You still choose him . I realize now , What made you suffer is not Yama . But me . To be honest , I 've always loved Yama . Shut up ! I never loved you at all . That 's enough ! Don 't say it ! Never at all . Stop it ! I lied to you . I 'm sorry , Ezra Nami ... I love this place . And also ... You are my favorite . Fool ... Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! Fool ! Take this . It 's Nami 's . She 'll able to communicate with you . A virus invaded her network . Her life support equipment had malfunctioned . It 's a pity . This can 't be ... Ezra , you ! Look , Yama These flowers only grow on Earth . It 's your mother 's flower . It turned out to be strong and bloomed beautifully I persuaded Ezra to make me a greenhouse . I want you to see these also . I was never against you . You assumed that on your own . It only made you suffer . If only I could move . I wanted to tell you " throw it all away " But then , Ezra has been always at my side . His gentleness made me feel at ease . That 's why I chose Ezra . So don 't blame yourself . Someday if you meet that important person , Just remember me . We are family . Looks like you 're starting to look weak . As for the plan , This afternoon , is the time of your execution . Your source of immortality , The Dark Matter Energy has failed you this time . The curse you have been given will be removed . I want to know , What is your goal ? Could it be , that you really want to start over again ? Even when we know it is an illusion , There are times when we want to keep on believing . Everyone , Definitely liked it . I will bless you . That way you will be free . Today , In just a few moments , Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his crew , Will be executed according to Gaia Fleet 's policy . In a live broadcast from The Gaia Coalition network . Most of the Coalition Leaders had arrived at Parliament House . Gaia is the only one and irreplaceable . For order and peace . For order and peace . Our homeplanet , Our Mother Earth . Gaia . For the sake of your children scattered throughout the space . Shines forever . All the children are asleep until that day . Although , It 's just an illusion ... Enough of these speeches ! We are just tools to them . You guys know it . Why you ? ! Stop it , I have a plan . What is it ? We obviously have no place on this planet . Only on the pirate ship . Then there is a problem . What is it ? The Captain doesn 't care if we live or die . You are just like Yama ! You 're the worst ! You don 't have the right to complain ! Neither you or me . I just couldn 't say anything , seeing the Captain 's despair . 10 minutes till execution . All guards forces , to main exits . Repeat , All guards forces , to main exits . Hey , we 've been ordered to fall back . What 's with that guy ? Field collapse beginning to take shape . Commence Singularity , maintain barriers Osmotic field on , quantum gravity dispersal state maintained . Spatial collapse rate rising to predetermined levels . Rate of spatial collapse reaching critical . Reduce pressure Breakthrough properties beginning after physical boundries . 10 seconds before the time of execution . 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... There was an explosion in the inhalation unit ! All readings are off the scale ! Dark Matter Energy released ! Get out now ! What are you doing ? I was wrong ... Why now ? ! Not only is the Gaia Coalition wrong , Harlock , everyone is wrong Go down to Earth , and you 'll see what I mean . There 's something I need you to see . Why should we believe you ? I 'll explain later . The guards will be coming soon . Let 's escape with the ship . Hey , do you believe him ? If you want to die , then stay here . Let 's go . Damn . Switch screens to the ship 's interior . Ok ! How is this possible ? Rebellion ... Someone has delayed the execution . Quickly ! Terminate the broadcast ! Dispose of them at once ! I understand . Space crew , get ready for battle . Eliminate all of the Arcadia crew . I 'm not going to run anymore ! We need your help to escape from the ship ! Fight with us , Captain . You 're the only one who can control it . Hurry ! Stand up Captain ! You may have taken mankind 's home planet , But you gave us shelter . That ship . For us there is no other place to be . Harlock Look at this . This flower came from Earth . Hey , how the ... It 's a sign of Earth 's rebirth . Nothing has ended , this is only the beginning . Even if we are destroyed , this flower will be reborn . In the world we have destroyed , Mankind did exactly that . Even humans can have hope The moment has repeated , To live again ... Is this ... Freedom ? My Friends ... The Dark Matter energy is continuing to increase . We are unable to control it . " In Skip , " in which direction ? To that direction . To the sacred zone , Earth ? Mobilize all forces in the solar system . Prevent the Arcadia from reaching Earth . What 's the status of the Oceanus ? Restoration is not yet complete . But we can get under way . Let 's Go ! Yes Sir ! Amazing , this ship moves by itself ... The coordinates are set to Earth ? Could it be the main intersection of time ? Yattaran . Hack into Gaia Coalition Galaxy Communications network . Hyperspace communications will broadcast the live feed to the entire universe . We will destroy the satellites producing the hologram around Earth . Then the whole universe will see the truth . Yama , Show them the true face of the Earth . Their " In Skip " position is very close to this area , right on top of us . Their next move will not be predictable . Entire Fleet ! Prepare for battle ! Their numbers are incredible ! Our goal is the hologram satellites . Do not focus your attention on them . Yattaran , not yet ? It 's not that simple as you think . They 're targeting the hologram satellites . Don 't let them succeed ! Central port side hull armor in critical condition ! Yattaran ! Yes ... Yes ... Come on ... come on , come on , come on , come on , come on ! Successful entry into the Gaia Coalition 's galaxy communications network ! Yama ... We can 't avoid it ! This is from the Arcadia ... To the whole human race born of the Earth . I want you to accept this without ignoring it . The thing that appears in front of you , The Gaia Coalition wanted to hide from us ... The true face of the Earth . This beautiful planet has turned into this because of past wars . Can 't you stop the broadcast ? But ... Our hope is not in despair . The Earth is still alive Life has re-emerged in a land that should be dead . Life is fragile . But it is a moment that keeps returning , and we must nuture it . Do not rely on illusions . Do not be afraid to face reality . We will , be able to give birth to the true starting point . We are not alone . Even as our race diminishes , The next life will continue to grow . Let 's keep looking forward Until the last moment , Let 's take the whole life , And make it immortal ! That 's stupid ! If this continues , the order of the universe will collapse . Stop the Arcadia , as soon as possible ... Do not panic . The use of the Jovian Blaster will be permitted . Jovian Blaster ? It is the latest weapon , and not been used since its creation . Complete the mission using this ultimate weapon . However ... If we target Arcadia and it 's close to the Earth 's orbit . Earth will also ... Our sacred place , Is a beautiful blue Earth . No need for reality . Please wait ! Your Majesty ! Remove the fleet , Ezra . The enemy ships are retreating . What are they doing ? That Gaia Fleet commander , Gave up after even knowing the truth ? There 's a ship approaching ... The Oceanus ! Ezra . Prepare to ram the ship ! Why is this happening ? The enemy has anchored to the ship ! Has it charged yet ? Dammit ! That is our expertise ! Kei , are you alright ? This really isn 't your style ... Yattaran ! I 'm not running away anymore ! Ezra , where are you ? Get out of my way ! Arctic electromagnetic waves , South pole improved . Jovian 's rotation speed increases , ready for charging . Centrifugal free transition agitating the state of atmospheric plasma Jovian Blaster charged to 60 % Rotation rate is still rising Jupiter will gradually be deformed ... We are 180 seconds until critical mass . Oceanus is connected to the Arcadia , and cannot be separated . If this ... Never mind There will be others to succede them . " Don 't despair " you say ? Are you planning to be a hero , Yama ? Where are you Ezra ? You couldn 't even save the woman you love . Saving the human race ? What a joke . I got you now . You are too naive . With our mother 's flower ... You 're too dependent on such fragile objects ! But the flowers ... Bloomed ! You 're too late ! If not for you , Nami would not be dead ! That was just a test firing , the next beam will be fired from the Jupiter at us . And the Arcadia will be destroyed along with the Earth . You ... Captain , please go . Miime , I want you to do something ... Protect the Earth . Only you still have that desire until the end . It cannot be fully controlled . That doesn 't matter . The test firing was good enough . For the frist time since the " Homecoming War " . What can make it . Reloading almost complete ! Plasma recharge is at 95 % . Plasma body ready to be fired Preparing to open the force field . Hyperspace tracking locking on to the target . Targeting the Arcadia . Automatic tracking completed . With this , everything will fall silent . It doesn 't matter if it is an illusion . After all , life isn 't eternal . Harlock . Is this the only way ? ... I 'm sorry Miime . You must ... It is alright . I don 't feel lonely anymore . Just continue doing what you believe is right . Destruction will be converted into new life . Dark Matter Energy , full open . This can 't be . What happened ? Aracadia changed the course of the beam . Preventing it from hitting the Earth . Oceanus Ezra The beam missed the Earth ! And hit the Arcadia instead . Why ? I wanted to see , Nami 's flowers They 're really beautiful . Brother ... Brother ! Wjile the Earth tries to recover , People will become interested in this planet once again . Therefore , before the Homecoming War happens again . You must immediately release the junction of time . The Dark Matter has been exhausted . And maybe you could kill me at this time . Shoot or not ? This world belongs to Nami and Ezra , Once is enough . If later , humans make that mistake again . I won 't hesitate to bring them ... Destruction and terror . Is what will always happen . As long as there are human beings , The name of Captain Harlock , Must always survive . Forever . This is the Joint Space Forces . We have your position . Occupants are expected to leave the ship , And surrender without resistance . If you refuse to surrender , It will be declared that you " don 't want to surrrender " And we will resume our attack . Harlock was right about believing in you . The Arcadia will rise , yet again . Arcadia . Full sail ! Mankind suffered a terrible setback . Although a step forward , It changes nothing . Even so , why does mankind ... Keep trying to move forward ? Just the thought of another day How did we end up this way What did we do wrong ? God Even though the days go on So far so far away from It seems so close Always weighing on my shoulder A time like no other It all changed on that day Sadness and so much pain You can touch the sorrow here I don 't know what to blame I just watch and watch again Even though the days go on So far so far away from It seems so close Even though the days go on So far so far away from It seems so close What did it leave behind ? What did it take from us and wash away ? It may be long But with our hearts start a new And keep it up and not give up With our heads held high You have seen hell and made it back again How to forget ? We can 't forget The lives that were lost along the way And then you realize that wherever you go There you are Time won 't stop So we keep moving on Yesterday 's night turns to light Tomorrow 's night returns to light Be the light Always weighing on my shoulder A time like no other It all changed on that day Sadness and so much pain Anyone can close their eyes Pretend that nothing is wrong Open your eyes And look for light What did it leave behind ? What did it take from us and wash away ? It may be long But with our hearts start a new And keep it up and not give up With our heads held high You have seen hell and made it back again How to forget ? We can 't forget The lives that were lost along the way And then you realize that wherever you go There you are Time won 't stop So we keep moving on Yesterday 's night turns to light Tomorrow 's night returns to light Be the light Some days just pass by And some days are unforgettable We can 't choose the reason why But we can choose what to do from the day after So with that hope , with that determination Let 's make tomorrow a brighter and better day .
