 I , Neptune , ruler of all seas and oceans , rivers and lakes , brooks and wells travelling across my endless kingodm , decided to visit this heavenly place on the cosat of Black Sea . GENERATION P There once was , indeed , carefree young generation in Russia which summers smiled and sun and sea and chose Pepsi . In those distant days kids were supposed to strive to shiny firefighter 's casket or white doctor 's robe . But we , lying by the sea in summer , stared at cloudless blue horizon , drank warm Pepsi-cola from glass bottles filled in Novorosiyska and dreamt that someday distand and forbidden world from that side of the sea will come into our lives . I fell into Generation P by default . My name , Vavilen , was made up from words Vasily Aksyonov and Vladimir Ilyich Lenin . In some sense I justified my name . I enrolled Institute of Literature , wrote verses and held course to eternity pretending as if nothing happened around me . As soon as eternity dissolved , I found myself in actuality . I had no connections , so I settled in as vendor in kiosk . Job was simple , yet nervous . In evenings I paid money to Hussein , chechen who always had butter-yellowish eyes due to opiate abuse . Working in kiosk , I mastered two new skills . First was cynicism , endless like view from Onstankino tower . Hello . Any complaints ? No . Lack of complaints does not free from responsibility . Second skill was astounding and hard to explain . Be so kind , one cigarette ... It was enough to take a brief glance at clients hands to comprehend whether I can swindle him and on how much precisely . Hand the money . Forty six [ thousand ] . Life is a lonely journey , under scorching sun and chilling cold . How often the road we are going leads us nowhere ! And it is unknown when death will meet us . When you think about it , everything in the world seems empty and small . Then enlightenment kicks in : " Tuborg - be prepared for anything . " Pack of Davidov . Normal or light ? Normal . Listen , have you got condoms ? But good ones , not tampered with . Durex - English quality . Jaguar of condom world . Nice slogan . How much ? Hundred forty five . All the best on dick ! Vava ? Is that you ? Markovin ? Take the key , I 'm leaving . Vova , it is special time now . It hasn 't been anytime before and it won 't be anytime in future . Frenzy . Like in Klondike . Yea , two more years and everything will be snatched , but today there is still real possibility to get into this system . Understand ? So , you 've gotten into it . Process is in progress . Get in . The only place where there is real dough is commercials . This is roughly how it happens ... A man takes credit , on this credit he opens an office , buys Cherokee SUV and eight boxes of Smirnoff vodka . When vodka is consumed , it turns out that SUV is smashed , office is puked full , but credit must be returned . If the bank to which man is in debt belongs to bandits , in some moment man ... is killed . I didn 't catch what relation has all this with commercials ? Well . The most impotant thing . When half of Smirnoff vodka is not consumed yet , some chemical reaction takes place in man 's head . He feels unrestricted power . And he wants to make commercial clip for himself . This is the place where we come out of bushes . There are some studios making commercial clips . They need shrewd script writes like bread to eat . Oh , Vavilen Tatarskiy ! Hello . This is Lena . Is Tatarsky a surname or nickname ? It is a surname . This is Segey . Let 's cut to the chase . Vavilen ... story goes as follows ... Object is about fifty years old , he used to teach physics . When all this havoc just began , he organized cooperative in producing cakes " bird 's milk " . And in two years time he got so much dough , that now he rents half of Babayevski factory . And recently he took ... credit . Very big credit . The day before yesterday he began boozing . Where do you have such evidence from ? Secretary is a friend of mine . Well then , he must be taken right away . Because when he 's sober he is very tightfisted . Hi . A jacket . Put this thing on your belt . You have meeting with client at one o 'clock . At one twenty I will call you on this bleeper . When it bleeps , you get it , look at it with importance . Understood ? While client talks , make notes in this notebook . Rolex . When you talk with the client , flash it . Careful , don 't scratch the plating . You have got a wonderful factory . Shall we get to business ? What corporative positions are we gonna strenghten ? Well ... I don 't know . We have imported stands with fluoride ... Isn 't that from Video International ? No , those shitheads don 't call me anymore , thanks to God . Slava Zaitsev . Today 's meeting is off . Does he think we need this meeting more than he does ? Let 's talk about it later . Excuse me ... aren 't you afraid that one fine day all this ... could end ? You know what times we live in . What if everything collapses ? I am afraid . But who doesn 't ? You crazy or what ? We will get shit asking such questions . It will be fine . Now I know what he needs . Folk comes and folk goes , but land stays . Mediis tempustatibus placidus - calm among the storms . Lefortovski confectionary enterprise That is how I became copywriter . I did not explain anything to my previous authorities . I hope Hussein did get the keys from kiosk . People talked chechens asked big money for quitting the business . Yes , Andrey Ivanich , we are working . Creative work . Our [ people ] are all ears and have discount at Rakushki garages . I did not earn particulary much money , but it still was more than in field of vending . Tonigh on Vernatski prospect Zhilin , director of Lefortovski confectionary enterprise , was killed . His SUV Grand Cherokee was fired at from passing car . Investigation suggests Zhilin 's murder was connected with his business activities . Criminal case has been proceeded . Dear viewers , we have to interrupt our translation due to urgent announcement from embattled White House . As it has become known , convocation of deputies has impeached President of the Russian Federation Boris Yeltsin . Hello , girls ! Hello , boys ! On page thirteen there is article with my picture . Alexander Blo ! Soviet mentality ? It has to be squeezed as a pimple , drop after drop . What is soviet mentality ? I have never quite had it , but I lost it after working several years as a taxi driver in New York . As we say it in commercial business - different cultural references . Bingo ! What is soviet mentality or sovok I didn 't understand entirely . But , according to my new boss Dmitri Pugin , I didn 't have to understand anything . I had to manage it . You see , sovok produces hardly anything himself . But people need someting to eat and wear . Thus , western production will be flooding here soon . Together with it there will be wave of commercials , but we can 't just translate these commercials from English to Russian because here are different ... how was it ? ... cultural references . Me and you , we think up ... understand , think up ... dummies for all important brands . As soon as time comes we go to agency with folder in our hands and make business . Try Sprite for starters . They intend to enter Russia . Taking in consideration requests adressed to me by leaders of objects in Russian Federation , deputies , members of parliament , citizens of Russia , I have decided on the following ... As you know , in Western Europen countries Coca-Cola is more of an ideological fetish than refreshing drink . If , for example , Hershey drinks posesses taste of victory , then Coca-Cola posesses taste of freedom . Get to the point . Okay . Let 's look at classic slogan : Sprite - The Uncola . For our consumer term " Uncola " posesses wide antidemocratic and antiliberal connotations which make it very attractive in state of military dictatorship . Translating to Russian , Uncola woud be Ne-kola . Sounding similar to name Nikola and with associations in mind this word perfectly fits in aesthetics of plausible future . Possible versions of slogans : Sprite - Ne-kola for Nikola . Probable text for commercial . I drank birch Sprite in forest in spring ! The Uncola is slogan of Seven-Up , not Sprite . That 's nothing . We can use it . Let 's assume you 've passed your exam . Now try some other brand . Yes ? Which one ? It is completely clear that , in order to make serious conception on Parliament commercial , we must first of all take in account ... What must we first of all take in account was completely unclear . Parliament - the Unjava . Tihamat 2 Earth sea . Chronological tables and appendices . I had found this folder in waste paper which we were sent to gather after school . As a child I was ashamed of my name and tried to pretend to be Vova whenever possible . It turned out that my given name surprised me in the moment when I had completely forgotten about the role which , as I told my friends , secret doctrines of Babylon had to play in my life . Legend of Great Lottery inspired me particulary . More precise version of translation - Game without name . According to this legend , way to wealth and total wisdom went through sexual union with golden idol of goddess Ishtar . Any resident of Babylon could become goddesses husband . In order to do that he had to drink ritual beverage of heavenly fly-agarics , then go up ziggurat and solve three godesses riddles . Riddles of Ishtar were presented by three symbolic objects which were handed to babylonian wanting to become priest of goddess . He had to explain meaning of these objects . Those , who solved even one riddle incorrectly , where thrown down by guards and it meant certain death . Man who solved all three riddles correctly climbed on the top , met the goddess and became her ritual earthly husband . Gireyev ? Tatarskiy . It 's not possible to recognize you . Well , how are you doing ? Complete harmony . And you ? Where are you hurrying ? I have a rough time now . I communicate mostly with businessmen and advertising agents . They put heavy load on me ! Some couple of those advertising agents came to me in Rastorguyevo in winter . ? and after that they ran naked through the snow . Let 's go to my place and you will see for yourself . Gireyev , in his wild clothing , seemed like last shard of destroyed universe . Not Soviet ( because there were no wandering Tibetian astrologists ) but of some other existing parallel with Soviet world and even in spite of it , but destroyed together with it . What is this ? Fly-agaric . Are you gonna drink this ? Don 't worry . There are no Tawny Grisette 's in it . Such beverage was made in ancient Babylon , by the way . Only they added urine of red ox together with fly-agarics . Correct . That makes it milder . What should I do now ? Do what you want . Can I talk ? Go on . Have you heard about Lesha Chikunov ? Imagine , he drank some bottles of Finlandia and froze to death in starry January night in little house in childern 's playground . Went to Valhalla ... paradise of Scandinavian warriors . Have you got more ? Dried fly-agaric remind potato crisps by the taste . A little bit . Only they are tastier [ than crisps ] . What if to sell them like crisps in packages ? What is that ? Aum . That the way I travel . Where to ? Where to ? It 's hard to explain where to . Much becomes clear when you stop thinking . Advertising conception for fly-agaric . Highest form of self-realization for fly-agaric as a mushroom is nuclear blast . Sort of a glowing and unsubstantial body which posesses some advanced mysticism . People are just auxiliary lifeform which fly-agarics use for achieving their higher goal . How strange it all turns out . Chikunov died but we keep on living . It 's just that I suspect that every time we go to sleep we die exactly like that . Death is exchanging usual morning awakenig with something else , only we have no possibility to think about it because our mind and the world ... is one and the same . So there are no death . Threads disappear but pearls remain intact . Why ? Because preads disappera but searls remain intact . What ? I 'd like to wrink dater . Confounding of speech was called rising the Tower of Babel . Maybe they drank this fly-agaric tea and words began to break in their mouths just like it happens with me now . Won 't you tell me how to so to gation ? Where telectric rain is ? Stop fooling around , bastard ! Where telectric rain is ... To meet Hussein now ... interesting , would he be startled ? What do you want ? Just one minute . I just wanted to ask you , as a member of target group , what associations word " parliament " incites in you ? There was a poem ... Parliament of Birds . Thirty birds went looking for bird named Semurg king of all birds and great master . How did all that end ? When they had overcome thirty tests they found out " Semurg " means " thirty birds " . DO NOT MAKE CAMPFIRES ! What is " tower creation " anyway ? Creation of a tower , not building . When confounding of speech occures , Tower of Babel comes in existance . Or , perhaps , not comes into existance , rather door to ziggurat simply opens ? Yes , sure . Here is the entrance . Everything is not so simple . It is something like huge garage . Forward ! To the hanging gardens . Three riddles of Ishtar . Everything fits . Poster depicts bank of Moscow river . Historic tanks from ' 93 in foreground . We see huge package of Parliament in the place of White House . There are plenty of palm-trees growing around it . Slogan : And Motherland 's smoke is sweet and pleasant to us . Parliament . Brilliant , Tatarksiy . You 've hit the bull 's eye . This very moment package of Parliament costs the same as package of Marlboro . After these events , I think , it will cost twice as much . Congratulations . There are two methods of advertising , but , in our opinion , first of all name-change of company must be considered . Tampako - drink made of tampons ? [ Under the wing of mighty company ] Agents of Rosgovstrah { insurance agency } fly over city and help all of the needy . Guardian angels ! Let 's implicate " diesel " in chastuska : I and Ivan Ilyich worked on the diesel , I 'm a dummy , he 's a dummy , and our diesel got filched . That 's all . Young people are ours . Let 's look at scrip of commercial clip . Young man , similar to protagonist from movie " Brat " sits on the bench . Cut to the next scene . Well dressed man comes out of mansion . He looks around worried and rushes to the car . Young man puts two Tic-Tac 's in his hand , throws them in his mouth and shuts his eyes because of pleasure . Voice behind the scenes : Bro liked the coolness , he fried all others . Tic-Tac with menthol , real explosion of taste . Hallo . Good day . This is Vladimir Hanin from Secret Advisor agency . I got your number from Dima Pugin . Couldn 't we meet today ? Better right away . What 's happened ? Dima kicked the bucket . I know you worked with him . And he worked with me . So we are kind of acquainted . { Ideological department } How did it happen ? That was ? Robber , it seems , knew Pugin had worked as a taxi driver in New York . Forty Sixth and Broadway ... That 's all he managed to tell the police and doctors . Seven gunshot wounds were found . Seven . They were shot right through the back of the seat . Let 's commemorate him ! Let 's get through your latest works , of course , if you have no objections . I assume you understand Dmitri brought them to me . Parliament ... There is nothing I can say . Good . Next ... there you have got problems . Big ones . Tampako . One of your advices offended them badly . But name " Tampako " is really repellent . Our business is a lottery , you know . You are not lucky in this lottery lately . And I know why . Why ? You ... don 't believe in what you do . You don 't participate with your soul . Well , I don 't ! You want me to let this Tampako in my soul ? No whore in Pushkin Square would do that . Don 't strike a pose . You misunderstood me . Posture is the same for all of us . Why do I tell that whore wouldn 't do that ? The thing is not in repulsion . Whore get money in any case whether client likes her or not . I must firstly ... No whore are gonna work on such conditions . Whore , perhaps , won 't work but we will if we want to survive in this business . We will do much more . Are you gonna join my staff ? What position ? Creator . That is [ creator in Russian ] ? If to translate . We need [ creator in Russian ] like shit . Creator , Vavan . Creator . Let 's get acquainted . Vavilen Tatarskiy . Please , love and and have pity on him . Each brand has its legend - what is that ? Legend - that 's how we translate " brand essence " And brand essence is ... concentrated expression of all image policy . Brand essence of Marlboro is ... Land of cowboys and ? Don 't be afraid , this is Malyuta . Malyuta , say " hello " . Attaboy . We had sergeant in our company , surname Harley . Beast of a man . But he drinked himself to death . How come ? Simply there is no life for Russian man now . For how much more Davidsons will be riding our Harleys ? Russia , wake up ! Is this a parody , Malyuta ? You know , Tatarskiy ... I have seen your work . You did good with Sprite , but all the rest ... small matters . You don 't need to orientate yourself on Atlantic values . We are Eurasians . Little , vietnamese village . Last American war prisoners are there . They have piles of Nike sneakers in different stages of completion in front of them . At first they growl quietly , then they tap with footwear ... We want American consul ! I 'm begging you ! And then - burst of machine gun ! Tall , handsome Vietnamese with smoking machine gun appears on the doorstep . He says in clean English : Just do it ! Nike . Good wins . What is this ? You think customer will like this commercial ? We ourselves tell customer what he likes and what he does not like . Tell me , why do people commision us to make commercials ? To sell the goods . To sell the goods ... let it be . But that 's in America . But why do our people do that ? Maybe to feel themselves powerful . Powerful ... that was some three years ago . Now it is different . Nowadays client wants to show to big daddies , who follow very carefully what 's going on the screen and in life , too , that he can take a million dollars and throw them in garbage bin without thinking . The worse commercial is , the better . Tricky . Yeah , it 's not the same thing as reading Al Ries . ISHTAR Hello . What sizes do you have ? This is the only left . Exactly your size . Two thousand rubles . I take it . Tell me , please , what is there ... Ouija board . Paper goes in here Here you put pen , better ball pen . Hands are put like this . I 'm showing you . You contact a spirit . You allow hands to move freely . Pen will write down message received . Listen , don 't be angry , but I need to know which spirit . If you take it , I will tell you . I take it . How much ? Seventeen thousand . Oh , seventeen thousand ... What are you by occupation ? What do you do ? Commercials . It would be better for you to avoid any contacts with spirits . That will offend them the least . Interesting ... how do spirits guess that I work in the field of advertising ? Is that written on my forehead ? No . It is written on commercial that it came out of your head . I summon spirit of Che Guevara . I want to know ... let 's say ... something new about commercials . So that I understood more than the rest . Future depends on you . According to burgeois thought , every man is cell of organism called Economics . But we call it simpler - Oranus , which means " moutharse " in Russian . Each cell of Oranus , e.g. man with his economic qualities , has its own socio-psychic membrane allowing money to go in and out . These processes are regulated by nervous system of Oranus - television and mass media . Personality of man gradually decreases and man becomes program looking another program . There are three kinds of impulses Oranus sends throughout its virtual organism : oral , anal and extracting WOW-impulse [ named after ] commercial interjection " Wow ! " " Man is a wolf to man " said some winged Latin words . But for a long time already man is not a wolf to man , man is not even image maker to man , not a dealer , not a killer , not even distributor as modern soiciologists suggest . All is much more horrifying and simpler : Man is WOW to man . Not a man , but exactly the same WOW , so that projecting this Latin saying in contemporary system of cultural coordinates it sounds like : WOW WOW WOW . " One can 't understand Russia using mind , Russian can only be believed in ... " Smirnoff . How 's the beat ? Do you snuff ? It happens . From time to time . That 's bad . Membranes in the nose is almost the same as open brain . Where has this powder come from ? Who put in what places ? Have you ever thought about that ? One must live clean . How 's that ? Only LSD . Only on empty stomach and only with prayer . Fucking incredible ! So much different ones . Do they work differently ? Why ? Picture is the most important thing . You can 't escape the fact . You swallow Mel Gibson or red clove ... These three identical , what are they ? What is that man depicted ? With hat and beard ? I don 't know who that is . But this thing is special : acid mixed with . And dose is enough for company of soldiers . How much ? Hundred and fifty [ thousand ] . I have only hundred [ thousand ] left . Okay , give it here . Do you want to die ? Sirruf has arrived . What ? Do you at least know this pass was meant for four people ? You are only one here . Or are there four of you ? Please , don 't do this to me anymore . I made a mistake . I understand I shouldn 't look at Tower of Babel . Tower of Babel can not be seen . One can only climb up there . I am telling you this as the guardian [ of the tower ] . The thing you see is tophet . What is tophet ? That is the place were people were sacrificed by fire . I don 't understand ! You can consider tophet to be ordinary TV-set . Am I in TV ? In some sense , yes . You see technical universe in which your world is burning down . Fire , in which you burn , must be serviced . And you are one of maintenance staff . Maintenance staff ? You are copywriter , aren 't you ? So you are one of those who make people stare into flame of consumerism . Agree that it 's better to warm by this fire than to burn alive in it . Listen , I 'm in a trouble . I 've overdosed acid . I am reading mantra in such cases . Write it down . What does it mean ? It doesn 't matter . Do you have vodka ? Your mantra does not work , Gireyev . Damn , I am so guilty before you , Lord . I live bad and uncorrect , I know . But I have nothing foul in my soul , word of honour . I won 't eat this stuff anymore . I just want to be happy . But I do not succeed . I deserve so ! But I know nothing more apart from writing bad slogans . But for you , Lord , I will write good one . Word of honour . They position you completely wrong . They don 't dig it at all . Just to take this last clip ... they gather money for this church . There is this old woman with a box . She gets a ruble from man driving Zaporozhets , then hundred bucks from Mercedes . Idea is clear , but positioning does not suit at all . The one driving Mercedes is ashamed [ being ] after Zaparozhets . Everybody knows that . We need Mercedes drivers as target group . Script for commercial . Long , white limousine in front of Cathedral of Christ the Saviour . Rear door is open . Light pours out of it . Out of light comes sandal lightly touching the asphalt . And hand touches door handle . We don 't see the face . Just light , hand and foot . Slogan : Solid Lord for solid gentlemen . Lord , do yo like it ? Hallo . Vavan , how are you ? So ... Did it come right ? More or less . Better tell me what was that mantra you gave me . That is no mantra . That is a sentence in Hebrew . It means : " Give me a cucumber " . Real mantra . If you put " Aum " at the end ... Alright . Take care . I 'm going for beer . Let 's go . Why couldn 't you explain yourself like a man ? Why did you abandon the kiosk ? I was drunk . What do you do now ? I work . Where ? Who 's that ? Acquantance . He has nothing to to with this . With whom am I speaking ? Hanin ? Hello , Hanin . Who am I ? My name is Hussein . I am member of Caucasian folk . This is where you , shitface , are hiding ! You wanted to hide , didn 't you ? Wanted to get away ? Don 't tense up . Sure , he is merchant , but he is my merchant . What ? He was my merchant when were still pasturing goat in the hills . I was not pasturing nanny-goats , rather billy-goats . If you came here to butt , I will put a ring in your nose . Ring , you say ... This one . Alright . Let 's meet tomorrow and discuss things . Ten o 'clock in the evening . I take the young man . He comes with me . Do get acquainted . This is Vavan Tatarskiy , one of our best specialists . This is Vovchik Maloy . Almost your namesake . He is also called Nietzschean . That 's bullshit . That was long ago . Anyway , he is our roof . He has a commission for you . Listen carefuly and memorize . You will write it down . Do you feel humiliations when you are abroad ? I hardly go there . Good boy . When you go you will feel it . I tell it for sure . They don 't consider us to be people . They think we are all shit and beasts . Why is there such attitude ? Any opinions ? Because we watch their movies , drive their cars and even eat their food . We produce only dough which , according to all thoughts , are also theirs - dollars . Sure , I am no economist , but I feel ... The things is fishy . There is some shame buried . Spirituality has gone missing somewhere in all this . But we are Russia ! Just think about it - mighty country . You agree ? Listen , state the task . He is my head creator . In one minute he earns more than we both together in a week . Okay , I will simply explain this to you . Our business goes out to intornational arena . There are many kinds of dough swirling around - Chechen , Colombian ... You get the idea . If you look at them as simply dough , they are all the same . But there is some national idea standing behind every dough . We had this comunism , but now it has ended and we have no idea at all . Except dough . But there is no way dough could stand behind dough because then it is unclear why ones are in front and others are behind . Learn Vavan ! Checens have got it . We have not . That is why they look at us like at shit . We need simple , clear Russian idea . So that I could take any bitch from any Harward and in easy words explain ... . and no need to look at me like that . So that they wouldn 't think that we , in Russia , have stolen the money and put iron door in front of it . So that these biches felt such spirituality as in [ year ] ' 45 ! At Stalingrad ! Understand ? In the beginning I didn 't find this task to be hard . But , once sitting behind the table , I realized with terror that nothing , absolutely nothing comes in mind . Fyodor Mihailovich , wouldn 't you tell what Russian national idea is ? After summoning spirit of Dostoyevsky on which I put particular hopes , there was some side effects . Sure , I could comfort myself with assumption that Russian idea was so transcendental that this was only way to at least record it on paper . Come on in . Anyway , I wrote what I could ... But I think I have flopped and this can 't be shown to Vovochka . Well ... forget it . Vovchik was busted . How ? Simple . He had shootout with your Chechens yesterday . The swines dug entrenchment on nearby hill . When he drove over , they blasted from two rocket launchers " Shmel " ... Horrific stuff . Have you heard about such ? Vovchik had armoured car , but it was armoured against normal people , not some degenerates . What does that mean for us ? Time off . Indefinite time off . There were two telepfone calls already . Police ? Police . And Caucasians . They tell : we know you have got diamonds . What diamons ? What diamonds do I have ? I don 't know ... Okay , calm down . Keep on living , loving , working ... . Hallo ? Yes , he 's with me . He is on his way . Go , they wait for you in parlour . Hello . Hello . What mug have you got ! Need a job ? I need a job . Let 's go . I will explain you on the way . What a car ... Do you like it ? Sure ! It turns on oral WOW factor . It sure does . That 's why we drive it . Listen , where are we going ? I don 't want to spoil the impression . Behave naturally . Don 't say anything excessive . What does " excessive " mean ? Sentences like this one . Ministry of communications . Institute of apiculture . Don 't be afraid to look like a fool , Vavilen . On the contrary , don 't look too smart . More cynicism . Have a seat . We are already seaten . Like it ? Sure . Piaget Possession , if I 'm not mistaken . It costs 170 000 dollars . Piaget ... really . Nothing gives away man 's affiliation with lower classes like skill to know expensive watches , cars ... Stop smartmouthing ! How was it ? Great . Just great . I don 't understand why is there such technology . That is exclusive , but somewhat unusual . Did you see this poster in front of our office ? Institute of Apiculture ? We here as if bees ... Stop ! You wait with Alla . I will have some words with a man . Have a seat . Go on . Leonid Azadovskiy . Vladimir Tatarskiy . You are not Vladimir , but Vavilen . I know about it . Well ... . I have read your works . And , you know ... I liked them . We need things like that . But there are moments when I don 't believe truly . You write ... collective unconsciousness . Do you know yourself what is it ? Well , on the level of collective unconscousness . Aren 't you afraid there is somebody who knows for sure ? Mr. Azadovskiy , I am not afraid . I am not afraid because everybody who knows for sure , what collective unconsciousness is , long since sell cigarettes in subway . Well , in one way or another , I want to say . Do you at least believe in anything ? I don 't . Alright . What 's next ? Political views ... It is written : [ upper left ] { written in english } ... I don 't understand . Shit , soon they will be writing everything in English . So , what are you by your political view ? Marketer . Rather radical one . And more precisely ? More precisely ? Let 's say ... I like it when life has ... big tits . And so called Kantesque tit doesn 't move me at all , regardless of how much milk it has got . Keep looking ! Go on ! What were you saying about tits ? Just keep it short . If short ... in tit market only Feuerbachesque tit moves me . That 's what I think . Better be it small ... but Feuerbachesque . That 's what I wanted to hear . Have you done the control ? I praise you . What 's that ? Rostrapovich . Take him by the paws . Front paws . Strech him like little Jesus . Lord 's hamster Rostrapovich is being decorated ... What does he get decoration for ? I 'm in a good mood . Jealous ? Why does he have such strange name ? Vavilen , who would 've talked , but you ... Can I ? Shitty question . Madman , where are you going ! Don 't you see I wash here ? Sorry . Nice institute you 've got here . It happens frequently : you go on the street in early summer morning and see big , nice , speeding world full of promises and happiness dissolved in heaven . And suddenly there is this piercing feeling for a fraction of second that there is life spread out before you and you can go forth without looking back , risk with yourself and win , fly on white motorboat across its sees , drive white Mercedes across its roads , and nobody would dare to call you in American word " loser " . Excuse me , Mr. military man , wouldn 't you tell me if I get to the center by this road ? It was much more greater in Kandahar ! Sorry . Fucking fool ! Think ! Whom would you believe : soulless commercial or your family doctor ? Here you go . Yeah , he began running so fast only after upgrade . Before we needed two days for such bulletin , now we do it overnight . That 's why we can count in more gestures , facial expressions . What counting ? Azadovskiy says you love it when life has big tits . Arkasha , you will be laughing but we must do it one more time . This is the biggest one ! Have another glass . You 're still tense . How much more ? Who is that ? Arkasha . Earlier he played roles in Shakespeare plays . What is he doing ? You will see now . What are those buttons attached to him ? Transmitters . Arkahsa moves , we pick up the trajectory , combine it with model and ... Do the thing with your hand majestically and slower . Listen , why is he depicted drunk if he 's virtual ? Higher raitings for [ TV ] channel . Why does minute on prime-time cost forty thousand dollars ? Render-server 100 / 400 . We can calculate up to hundred big and four hundred second-rate politicians . Do Americans have the same ? They have ten times bigger . Look what characters do we have : Yeltsin , Zyuganov , Zhirinovskiy ... Chekhov , " Three Sisters " . But this is huge fraud ? Nonsense ! We make their lives easier . By its nature , every politicians is a TV-program . Those who move are half-dummies , those who don 't move - simply dummies . Tuborg . Two . We write speeches for politicians , but who gives the objective ? Who decides which way national politics will turn ? Oligarchs ? Oligarchs also are our clients . Simply half of them is for leader to put to use . We drive them around benefit nights , news , trials . One can say , we fuck their wifes for them . That is how ? Wait , there are people who meet them every day ... There are secret service called " Will of People " . More than hundred people from former KGB . Azadovskiy feeds them all . This is their job to go around and tell they have seen our leaders just moments ago . Someone beside three-storey cottage , other with underage hooker , some in yellow Lamborghini on Rublevski highway . Wait , where does all of this lean upon ? What are you doing ? Do not think about this . Never . Could you turn up the volume ? My sonny made this commercial . I haven 't seen it yet . ... I drank birch Sprite in forest in spring ... Bitches ! Who ? If only I knew . Blo ! Hello . You too here ? Are you in compromising ? How do you know ? Everybody starts there . To acquire skill . Where do you work ? Department of Russian Idea . There , in the wing . If you have an idea , come by , okay ? There 's little use of me . I tried to think couple of times , nothing good . You know , drive around outskirsts and ask people . I tried that in the beginning . You give him a glassful , look into his eyes , but he answers : " Fuck the hell off , damn mercedes ! " They can 't imagine anything greater than Mercedes . Very destructive . This one yours ? Yeah , mine . Forty minutes of shame and you 're at work . Alright , everything is ahead . Bye . Bye . ... . exchange ? with democracy and add black rethorics ! Malyuta ! How did you get here ? I write image-menu for all ? Have you heard about spiked kvass with horseraddish ? Or pancakes with ? All of those are my hits . You know each other , right ? So-so . We sat together . At Hanin 's . So you will have no problems working together . Yes , Monopoly in Russia is a problem . You buy some streets and then turns out pople are living there . And people think those are their streets . Not exactly so . In our days people get to know what they think from TV . So , if you want to buy couple of streets and not to have pale look afterwards , you have to make sure your TV-tower hangs above them beforehand . I sell my TV-announcer . I don 't like television . I buy it . What 's up , Salman ? I feel jumpy . My head is not armoured , no question about it , but your is also like that . You know it . My infantry all around here . What were you told through transmitter ? It is written in Forbes that you grab everything as you run . But every man grabbing everything as he runs , Forbes continue , must be prepared that one day he will be grabbed . Your infantry takes a rest . You subscribe Forbes ? Sure . Chechenya is in Europe now . If you 're so cultured , why do you grab the gun ? Let 's do it like two Europeans , without these wolfish ways . By the way , who is filming us with hidden camera ? What camera ? What is that case on the windowsill ? Listen , Tatarskiy ... where do you work ? In PR department of LogoVaz or in my department of compromising ? In department of compromising . If I didn 't knew this Berezovsky was created within these walls I 'd think you get your salary from him . And Raduyev ? He 's like professor of holy scriptures . He reads magazines even I haven 't heard about . But ... there must be some logic in development of story . I don 't need logic . I need compromising . And this is no compromising . This is shit . Understood ? Well , there is some good grain . It incites hatred against television . One wants to watch it and hate it . An another " pro " : Monopoly . You thought it up yourself ? I did . That 's a fortune : oligarch and terrorist divides national goods behind gaming-table . Hatred will thrive . Wouldn 't it be too much ? No . People must have their brains occupied , let their emotions burn out . So , this Monopoly thing is not bad . It will get up our rating for at least five per cent . Sit . Well ... . Let them play Monopoly . We 'll tell the director to cut in various scenes : lines at savings banks , miners , old folk , hungry children , wounded soldiers ... You know , Markovin , involve in this Malyuta from geopolitics department . Get the material fast . Hot . Well , do we have anything more ? Commercials of new type . Get rolling ! We have twenty more minutes . RUSSIA MOMMY KOLYA OGORODNIKOV Well ? I don 't understand a thing . What do they sell ? Yeah , what product ? Pickles . You don 't understand one thing . We don 't infuse with pickles , but with patriotism . Breaking news ! Secret negotiations between Raduyev and Berezovsky . You will see how oligarch and terrorist plan to monopolize natural resources and human consciousness . What cataclysms do they prepare for Russia ? Today , 10 PM , Farskeykin show . Take this . Twenty from Berezov . Ten from Basayev . And two from ? I don 't understand . Do they give us their money so that we would compromise them ? Again ? I told you : don 't take it in your head . If you are given money , somebody must have reason to do so . You yourself must do the pinching ! As soon as something like that comes into yor mind , pinch yourself or prick with something sharp . You know , for this purpose I have got a pin . English pin . I have it from year ' 96 . When I have these thoughts in my head ... I open it at once . So it is . Quiet . I will explain everything . Who was the last one to use Ivanov ? Seva , as usual . What 's happened ? You changed cigaretes on your own , bitch ! You yourself wanted montage with Gitanes . Anti-american coalition ... Whom are you lying to , scumbag ! Whom are you lying to ! We have two-year deal with Camel ! Wait , I have something important to tell ... . Wait , I want to tell important ... Did you see bulletin ? I did . He waves package of Gitanes throughout the whole interview . When must it be aired ? - Tomorrow . And what should we do ? ? Exchange Gitanes for Camel ! Go or I 'll kill you ! Make some suggestions . Maybe we could put his hand into plaster so that package couldn 't be seen . Exactly . [ He was ] attacked . Attempt to blow up his car . What legend do we make ? Legend must be plain and simple . Chechens , Islamic factor ... Suicide bomber in old Mercedes hits his car ... It 's brilliant , but where can we get old Mercedes at 10 AM ? Maybe , Zhiguli ? What Zhiguli ! Mercedes ! Solid and for sure ! One don 't economize on ? I saw white Mercedes in our parking-lot . Someone drives white Mercedes ... Go on ! Faster ! I got new ? there ... . You fucking lost your mind ! What ? What are you thinging ! Now you go to film crash with Mercedes and Volga . Take this asshole Seva and put him in one of the driver 's seats . I need explosion ! Blood and shards . Today on Naberezhnaya there was an attemp to kill general Ivanov who was on his way to parliament . Mercedes filled with explosives hit Volga . By miracle general remained alive , but his driver perished . Criminal case has been iniciated . I think all leads found in scene of the crime point to Chechens . You can see exclusive footage . listen , Azadovsky was in two clips yesterday . I see him every time I turn on TV . What does all this mean ? Does he like having himself filmed ? Yes , he 's got such weakness . This is my advice for you : don 't stick your nose into it for now . Perhaps you will get to know later . Agreed ? Alright . Turn on the TV . Get to work right away ! We have a crysis . Seva has deleted the government . What does " deleted the government " mean ? He wrote a program which was supposed to delete whole folder at the end of the month . He put it inside file Kireyenko . Then this program infected whole government . After that - everything to default . He wanted to tell something important before he died . It 's a pity this scumbag got such an easy death . Get ready . The driver , Kolya , is waiting for you downstairs . ... no ikons , no Gordayev , no show " The Third Eye " will save from villains who steal oil and gas " Advertising service of Russian Radio . And now news of Russian Radio . We have received report from Kremlin just now that president Yeltsin has signed order about dismissing Kireyenko 's government . Candidature of new Prime Minister is not asserted yet . It is possible to say Russia has no government at the moment . Vavilen Vladimirovich , how to go on living if you don 't believe in anything ? If you have conscience , you will surrend your seat to old lady although you don 't want to do it . That 's the whole truth of life . Well , what is said ... The strong help the weak . But not at us . At us it is - smother . Rich - give away . But not at us . Rake more and put guards in addition . So that it wouldn 't get stolen . You 're a joker , Nikolai . Vavilen Vladimirovich , I have got a joker in my pants . Perhaps , we drop a hint to change in course ? What ? We broadcast something ... What do we broadcast ? What is usually broadcasted in such cases ? Swan Lake . You know ... By the way , according to prophecy of Ilyin authoritative regime , national by its inclination , will be reborn in Russia . Do you understand where does it lead ? No , I don 't understand ! We are the Third Rome , the one which is on Volka . From here comes our complete historical self-sufficiency and national virtue ... Yeah ... yeah ... harsh . What ? You remember , Philotheus said there would be no forth [ Rome ] ... You remember ? And ? said : Drink that day . But he didn 't say which [ day ] exactly . So , let 's be drinking every day in order not to miss that day . Why are you buffooning all the time , shitface ? What did you yourself propose ? I propose a toast to you , Marlen , to your wooden mind . Why are you squabbling ? Why are you squabbling , fucker ? And why are you ? What did you say ? How was this discharge ? Great ! Exactly . If you ? then do it properly . We need to give people a show . Then it will forget about everything : mommy , daddy , work , wife . And most important - it will forget about government . By the way , good brawl could substitute governement . But who will be so sharp ? You haven 't understood yet , have you ? We will create him ourselves . Can we do it ? We can . Just give the shape . We wil draw him and then even put in Kremlin . We look at poor man ... We know - liars . It was shown on TV - all mafia . Just give him those fifty kopeck . You 're mistaken . Why do you believe that box all the time ? Real mafia are those who sit by the joysticks - five men manipulating with us . It won 't work ! Here is Kolya . Our prototype . Kolya , our advertising agency needs you . I am no Snickers to be advertised . Name ? Name ? Ivanov . Lame . Vasiliy ? No , Vasya , that 's ... How do you like Smirnov ? Good Russian last name , but , most important , world 's biggest brand . During preelections we start advertising campaign for Smirnoff vodka , thus we can flood city with commercials . Nostrils ... change nostrils a bit . No , not here ... Movemens must be more convincing , much more convincing than in life . Now turn him around . Don 't be afraid of nothing . We 'll sort out everything . Brilliant . Good . Beauty . Go on with computing . Preelection race has begun ... Attacker turned out to be former fighter pilot Nikolai Smirnov whom we found in a vehicle ... Nikolai , why did you make the brawl ... I can 't stand ? Do you intend to get involved in politics or are you weak ? Don 't call me weak , get it ? Leader of the race is still KPRF , according to news more than 24 % of electorate had voted for them until 14 : 00 . Peak of communism ? Rating of KPRF higher than ever . Smirnov : " Attention ! " Pushed - and pushed out . Inciator of brawl in Council runs for president . Smirnov - our saviour ? Smirnov went good ! Summaru of first degustation of new candidate for president . Smirnov [ goes ] from brawlers to rulers . Add moustache and decorations . Sveta , I asked you not to call me at work ! Why is he beaming like a dumbass ? Take that smile away . My friends , did I think when I was little boy in Siberia that I would stand by the wheel of such a huge machine ? But , with such team as we have , even devil himself is harmless . TAMPAKS . The reds won 't get through ! Cunning . People won 't even notice we don 't infuse with hygene pads but with anxiety . And then - boom ! - Smirnov [ Smirnoff ] . As only answer to created anxiety . You 're a genius after all , Vava . Son of a bitch . Hallo . Markovin , look left righ away . Do you know what it is ? Oh , this ... Azadovskiy told recently . It was mean to be AAW station , some kind of ? And then , you understand yourself ... How is the station , we 're going to , called ? Rastorguyevo . Classic , dirty boozer in Moscov suburbs . Leva like to drink beer there in order to realize what he has achieved in life . Hello , folk ! How is my folk drinking ? Vava , I have a request for you . Let 's go outside and talk . Two of my brother moved here from Yerevan and decided to open their business . Exclusive funeral parlour with higher class services . I ask you as a friend , write some normal slogan which would really work on target group . How is the business called ? By last name . Funeral parlour of brothers Debirsian . You will be laughing , but one of your acquaintances was our client . Who was it ? Hanin . Agency " Secret Advisor " . He was busted . By whom ? It 's a dark story . Something in connection with diamonds . I 'll go to take a tinkle . Wait me here . I 'm standing , buying half a liter [ of vodka ] in grocery store Kurskova . Suddenly , you imagine , there comes in ... Smirnov ! Damn ! Grey coat , mohair scarf and a cap . No bodyguards around . Just in right pocket there 's a bulge as if there is a gun inside . I 'm watching with my mouth open , he noticed it , winked his eye , and off out on the street . Such things happen ! Damn . This Smirnov is one cool guy ... Will of People ? Take care of him . Guys , everything is OK . I 'm friendly troops . Diamonds are not forever . Funeral parlour of brothers Debirsian . Fucking diamonds ? Tatarskiy ! Will of People ! What is the choice of Russia ? Russia chooses Smirnov . Why is it turned upside down ? Long talk . Where do you come from ? It 's long talk as well . Yes . Vavan , you alive ? Where are you ? Alive ... These dumbasses were beaten just now , probably sent to jail . Azadovskiy laughed so much after interrogation . He said you took all stress away from him . Next time you 'll get decorated together with Rostrapovich . Should I send a car for you ? No , thanks , I will go home . Nerves don 't work . Yea ... I can understand . Go and heal yourself . Just don 't be late tomorrow . We have very important event - Azadovskiy 's collection . Spanish selection . You know , they consider me to be a hamster . What ? It 's not important . Have you got more fly-agaric ? I have . But I won 't be [ taking them ] with you . After that case ... sorry . I will pour you some vodka . It hits so hard on your brain when pure . Vodka calms it down . You know , Andryuha , I don 't want it to sound pathetic but many thanks to you . What for ? For allowing to live parallel life sometimes . Without it real one would be so repulsive ... Just don 't be late tomorrow . We have very important event ... Arrived ? Where are we ? In Ostankino . Sorry for blindfold and stuff ... You yourself understand - ritual and traditions . Afraid ? Don 't be afraid . It 's all nonsense . Alla ! Show him everything . I have some business to attend . Whom of great Spaniards do you love the most ? Velazquez . Me , too . I 'm dead gone for the old man . How do you do , Farsuk Karlovich ? This one 's Picasso . Ceramic Figure of a Running Woman . This sculpture was bought for seventeen million dollars . But where is the sculpture itself ? If you 're interested you can have a look at how it looks like . There is a catalogue on that table . This is the current tendency in design . Monetaristic minimalism . It was born in Russia . Do you like it ? Interesting . Though not completely understandable . I will explain . Take a walk . If honestly , you saw a picture once , twice ... and what new will you see there after that ? Nothing . Exactly . We will return here later . To have champagne . Bend you heard . Ceilings are low there . Put it on . Let 's go . Where to ? Don 't be afraid . It 's all friendly troops in there . Don 't fidget . And don 't betray us . Don 't think we are all fucked up here . I don 't give a damn , but you can 't do without it in our business . Have you been in pioneer camps ? I have . Remember , there was this Neptune day when everybody was was being poured over with water ? Yes , it was so . Pretend this is such Neptune day . Tradition . Anyway , the thing is this . There was once an ancient goddess . According to this legend gods are also mortal and die exactly like men . It was time for this goddess to die , she , naturally , didn 't want to and she divided herself in her death and her not wanting to die . She became gold , but not a metal . In figural sense , understand ? She became that which crave all human beings . All gold in general . But her death became a lame dog with five paws who must always lie in some faraway northern country . This is him depicted . See ? With a paw instead of a dick . I read something of the kind in my university books . What book ? About our office ? No , about heathen gods . There was a lame dog with five paws named Pisdets among these gods . According to legend , this dog lies somewhere far away in snow . When he aways , it will set in . I didn 't get it . To whom will this pisdets set in ? It 's not that it will set in to somebody or something . It will be pisdets for everything . How is the goddess called ? She has no name . Once , long ago , she was called Ishtar . It 's the same with lame dog . But you said correctly all the rest . I think you understand particular responsibility lays on Russian people . Because the dog is lying exactly here . Stand on your knees . Take off the mask . You are the medium and you are the message . What is that liquid ? Dog 's blood . I hope I don 't have to explain symbolism ? No . I 'm no fool . I have read something . What 's next ? Next you have to look inside Sacred Eye . Don 't be afraid . Through this eye goddess recognizes her husband . Since she already has a husband , this is pure formality . It 's quite tense when somedy else looks inside the Sacred Eye . But it 's been good so far . So , go on . What 's up ? What 's going on ? There is nothing going on . Everything has gone by . But why ? It was predicted by orale that Isthar would have new husband on our country . We have been experiencing problems with Azadovskiy for a long time already . But we couldn 't understand who the new one was . The only thing know was ... he would be a man with name of a city . We thought , we searched ... Then your file is brought to me from Department One . And it turns out you , Vavilen , are the one as far as we 're concerned . Me ? But why me ? I don 't know . Ask yourself . Goddess didn 't choose me for some reason . Will I get strangled some day ? That 's part of the profession . If you have any problems , come straight to me . Here 's the first advice . As soon as you move into Azadovskiy 's office , throw the hell out that cocaine-soaked carpet . Farsuk Karlovich , tell me a secret ... Who is actually in charge ? Here 's second advice for you . Don 't stick your nose in . You will be alive god for longer . Although , honestly speaking , I don 't know myself despite being in business for so many years . What 's this ? 3-D scanner . Newest model . It was brought yesterday . According to ritual , husband of the great goddess must be digitalized . Come here . Don 't be afraid ! Scanning is not painful at all . Sit down . Hold your back straight . This will be your main sacral function . Well , husband of the great goddess won 't be you , rather your 3-D model . You will be kind of regent or something . Don 't pay attention . It 's calibration . Farsuk Karlovich ... Yea ? Have you heard about a bird named Semurg ? I haven 't . What 's that bird ? There was this Eastern poem ... I haven 't read it myself , just heard about it . It 's about thirthy birds looking for their king Semurg . Overcoming multitue of various tests , they found out " Semurg " means " thirty birds " . So what ? Nothing . I just thought our generation which chose Pepsi ... Perhaps we all together are this lame dog with five paws . And now we are , so to say , setting in . So , freeze now and don 't wink . Ready ? Ready ! I am bowing down before living god ... Hallo . Hallo . I am bowing down before living god . What are the orders for today , chief ? No orders for now . Although , no . You know what ? There will be something . Firstly , let carpet in office be taken away , I 've fed up with it . Secondly , from this day there should be only Coca Cola in refreshment room , and no Pepsi . Thirdly , Malyuta doesn 't work for us anymore . Why ? Because we need him as much as dog needs fifth paw . He 's just mutilating other people 's scripts and we lose money . And you , Allochka , keep in mind : when I say something , you don 't ask why , but take your pencil and write it down . Understood ? Yeah . That 's good . Yes , one more thing . I totally forgot . Yes , I 'm listening . Take care of Rostrapovich . Second stage in advertising campaign of Megaphone ... Che Guevara , in guerilla clothing among his friends down in jungle . Cell phone screen lit up . It is written there : " Roaming . Even in Bolivia . Megaphone . " 3-D double of Vavilen Tatarsky appeared on screen for unaccountable number of times , but Tatarskiy himself , remembering those gone-by , as if in dream , days , like to rewatch just some clips . " There were they in great fear : for God is in the generation of the righteous . " Passage from Psalm 14 . Only few suspected this was Tatarskiy 's advertising stunt for Pepsi-Cola , made up in accordance with his own advertising technology of WOWism . American religious fundamentalists - coca-colists - stomps jars of Pepsi-Cola as symbol of liberalism . With ruler 's order ... Everybody remembers appearance of Vavilen Tatarskiy in role of Stenkirazin in monumental commercial for Head Shoulders . ? ? ? When your head is taken away , you don 't cry after your hair . Well known is commecial for Moscow shop-chain GAP where Tatarskiy was filmed togehter with his deputy Markovin . Kandagar was bigger ! 3-D double of Tatarsky participated in political life . His appearance in funeral of political technologist Farsuk Karlovich Forseykin who was mysteriously strangled with skipping-ropes in Sandunovski bathohouses , is also known . Tatarskiy 's slogan for American Express is written in history : World is place where business meets money . It is known that Tatarskiy 's favorite job was advertisment for beer Tuborg . After watching it , as whispering told his secretary Alla , tears came to Tatarskiy 's eyes . The commercial itself didn 't pass WOW-test , thus it was not aired even once . Stop ! What 's that with my eyes ? What is it ? Those are sad eyes . Do something . That 's a different matter . And wider smile . More . Like that . We are not advertising a product , but simple human happiness . Life is a lonely journey , under scorching sun and chilling cold . How often the road we are going leads us nowhere ! And it is unknown when death will meet us . When you think about it , everything in the world seems empty and small . Then enlightenment kicks in : " Tuborg - be prepared for anything . "
