 Subtitles : French Original by PHENICE , 2k14 , translation by Google , " polishing " by Retisbisi In the distant future , Mankind set out to conquer the universe Humanity 's population increased massively . Now over 500 billion humans have colonized space . This staggering growth eventually depleted the colonised planets and the birth rate began to collapse . Mankind entered a period of inexorable decline . In despair , billions of settlers wanted to return to Earth but that small planet could not accommodate them all and conflict soon broke out . War returned , long and bloody war . A new power , the Gaia Coalition , emerged and put an end to these wars . Earth became an eternal sanctuary , to which there was no access A symbol of peace The dying human colonies could only look on . One man refused to submit to this new order ... A space pirate . Legend said that man was immortal , looting and destroying without hindrance hunted by Gaia Coalition vessels , the most wanted man in the universe codenamed S-OO999 When young we do not look back on the past we run constantly to the Future convinced something awaits us I heard they had completed evacuating the city of Bei Luda This planet is finished It 's not the planet that 's finished , but us humans I ask only one thing , to have enough time to finish this bottle What 's that ? Another evacuation ship ? That vibration , isn 't it ... ? A battleship ! There it is ! We were all like them All filled with youth and we walked boldly . This is it , this is the " Arcadia " ! Quick ! It 'll leave without us ! But the universe is immense ... and across the cosmos , human civilization is a fleeting flash of light which lasts only a moment It is really rare for one spark to meet another Very rare indeed ! The solar system , the Milky Way no matter how far you travelled you would find nothing We were young and reckless , we had found how to exceed the speed of light " C " , and it was at that moment we realised that each and every one of us was desperately alone We were told you 're recruiting ! Hire us ! We need just one ! Answer this question : why would you come aboard ? For the honour ! For money ! For freedom ! What 's your name ? Yama Just don 't forget that word 'Freedom ' is the emblem of our ship Prepare to sail ! - Ready to sail ! - Done ! Let Kei take care of the newcomer . Why me ? You took responsibility for him ... Humanity was dying Go ! Speed it up ! Going forward was useless , there was nothing there . Nothing changed and despite this , Humanity continued its quest and nobody really knew why they did so Sir ! Radar contact ! Contact 's mass increasing on LEO MX201 General Alert ! Incoming object ... speed increasing 120 seconds before collision Dark Matter emissions detected ! Vessel class " Death Shadow " It 's the " Arcadia " ! " Arcadia " Captain Harlock ... ! I will take the helm Captain is in command ! All hands to battle stations ! Get to your stations now ! Hey ! Don 't get in my way ! They send out patrols in this backwater ? Excuse me ... - What can you do ? I was a gunner in the navy Then follow them to the guns ! Preparing ! The target is a DS class ship deploying fighters Alpha leader to all pilots . Prepare for combat , engage enemy fighters All pilots , target is armed with scattered gas Pirates are using these kinds of weapons ? Approach the target 's bow and commence dive bombing ! - Concentrate the attack on the target 's bow ! - Destroy it ! What ? There 's no damage ... This is a ghost ship ! Who is in charge of Section 13 ? The newcomer , sir . Well , what do you know . Target retreating , turned 180 degrees ! Engines 6 and 8 damaged ! Down to 12 % thrust . Captain ! Signal received . Agent F-111 ! Come on guys ! We 're about to come alongside ! Get to the Hangar Deck ! Hand to hand combat ! Move it ! Ready the gravity grapples , aim them well . Get on board ! Go ! Party time ... Don 't move . It 's a retinal scanner . It hurts . After 4-5 minutes it 'll wear off . so , you managed to infiltrate You saved me ! Don 't wander around on your own . We 've taken control of the bridge . Kei , hurry up ! I know what I 'm doing . Hey , wait , what are you doing ? You 're not wearing armour ... Gravity grapples now disconnected Returning to normal navigation , leaving the area Everyone is there ? It 's like we 're on a harvest . Attention , the Captain 's here ! We 're going to shake free of the Coalition 's pursuit . Activate the Dark Matter generator . Make ready to Jump Roger that ! You heard the Captain ! Start the Dark Matter Generator ! We have received a report that the MX Area patrol was in contact with the pirate ship " Arcadia " Our undercover agent F-111 will be able to continue his mission as planned That ship will soon be under our control Once our agent has control Harlock will no longer be a threat to us After 100 years the Gaia Colation is still hunting that betrayer . we must finish him off for good ! Gaia Fleet will employ all its resources About your undercover agent ... can we really trust him ? Yes ! Ezra His Excellency , the Governor. appreciates your dedication . It 's my honour sir . We 'll be waiting for your good news . He sent his own brother to infiltrate the enemy ? He uses strange methods . But it demonstrates his loyalty to the Coaltion If he didn 't then he wouldn 't command the Gaia Fleet at such a young age . He will go far ... Without his accident , he could have become Chancellor You know what they say : luck is as important as skill ! Nami Tell me why Ezra ? Why did you give the task to Yama ? Is that a reproach ? I didn 't force him to go . He made the decision on his own Admiral , War Council meeting will start shortly Understood . I don 't want to join the military I want to be a botanical researcher like Mom ! This is impressive , huh ? " Arcadia " is equipped with a self-repair system It can recover from almost any damage and that 's not all . Thanks to our Dark Matter generator , it can sustain itself indefinitely ! It can travel any distance without the need for refuelling or repairs , Dark Matter generator ? Yes ... just in front of you ! It 's a relic from the Homecoming War a hundred years ago . An infinite energy engine developed by a civilization that 's now gone The Nibelungen ... Yeah , we don 't know how it works Only the Nibelung can operate that thing She 's the last survivor The only extraterrestrial known to date but I still can 't understand her - Can I ask you something , Mr. Yataran ? - Sure . Captain Harlock ? Is he really over a hundred years old ? Heroes are always surrounded by legends , you know ? But don 't examine them too closely .. understand ? Here , there are a lot of guys who have no conscience surely it 's the same for you ? How 's that ? Everyone is tired , you know ? Tired of all these people who prostrate themselves before the Gaia Coalition and think only of going back to live on Earth Our lives are so bleak we have a right to live as we wish , don 't we ? You can 't make people do what you want them to Right ? Apparently we heard vibration at the stern . You 've checked ? I inspected it but everything looks normal Although there 's no problem ... Well , get to the point ... Where are they hiding it ? The computer mainframe , the holy of holies ! My old friend ... our long journey will be completed soon . You will not find what you seek here . The time approaches The decision is yours ! Why did you let him aboard ? You know what he is ? It looks like you expect something a miracle . It sounds foolish ? I simply just observe what happens Dokarga , the eighth planet of the Goru system This is where we will set the 99th ... the 99th ? The 99th what ? This is a Dimensional Oscillation bomb . Humans have abandoned this colony planet This is more dangerous than your usual work Who will volunteer ? What 's the matter ? Are you guys scared ? I 'll go . No , it 's out of the question . You have no training You have to start somewhere . Take him with you ... Ok ... be on the Hangar Deck in 10 minutes Why did you volunteer ? To survive in this ship takes luck and courage . And then ... And then what ? I hope the Captain will finally notice me By the way , what is this dimensional thing ? You 'll soon find out It uses optical camouflage . Dimensional Oscillation Bomb . He spoke of the 99th bomb ... Is it possible he 's planning an act of terrorism ? Don 't ask unnecessary questions Installation co-ordinates are 32 degrees 7 minutes North Latitude 126 degrees , 4 minutes West Longitude The Jim Dahl High Lands , east of the Wye Valley at the southern end . Mark , please . Co-ordinates confirmed . Descending now . You start the installation work . Watch out for corrosive gases Listen carefully , the gas pressure here is high Our suits will protect us for an hour at most We 'll have to be quick . I don 't particularly care for them Nobody really knows how they can live in this environment A biologist studied them to try and discover they managed it And then ? It 's said he went mad before publishing his findings This is what might happen to me This is why we want to start all over again . " All over again " ? Humans have explored the universe but have never found a planet comparable to Earth We all want to return home , to our planet Everyone wants to go Home . but the Gaia Coalition has made the Earth off-limits No-one is permitted to enter They prevent us . We can do anything , but the Earth couldn 't support a massive migration Everyone says that Humanity will soon come to an end Humanity is scattered across the galaxy and it 's dying out Don 't tell me that you want to end your days on the planet where Humanity was born ? There is a solution to go back to the distant past to a time when humanity still inhabited Earth But how ? If we could create a Junction Point we could take control I do not understand . A Junction Point ? Somewhere in the Universe There is a place where different times are linked together if we could break those links the laws of causality would be void Causality would no longer exist and the Universe would no longer be subject to time 's shackles Freedom But it would require an enormous amount of energy to achieve it , to resolve those links , one by one . They are everywhere in the Universe Yes , I understand We 've already placed 98 bombs If we put the last 2 in the right place and then explode them simultaneously We will create a Junction Point Anyway , that 's the Captain 's theory ! The purpose of these bombs I still don 't understand it . If what you just said proves wrong we may all be destroyed ! I 'm not worried , I trust the captain Though I don 't really agree with his goals I still prefer it to dying miserably . Let 's go ! What 's happening ? I 've never seen this before ! Hurry , get back ! What 's going on ? It 's not a seismic tremor . That 's not a seismic tremor , they landed on a Strata Serpent ! Oh crap ! Are you okay ? I 'm okay . Let me go , I must go back ! Don 't be a fool , do you want to die ? It was my fault he fell ! The gas pressure is too high . You will die if you stay here . You will die with that idiot ! Let me go , I want to go back ! Sometimes you have all the bad luck . I 'm sorry Captain ! This plant is dying . This too . Why ? It was doomed , Yama This was Mom 's dream , to see plants found only on Earth growing on Mars Yama Stop , this is madness ! Brother ! Brother Don 't come near me Stay where you are You 're like this ... I didn 't want to hurt you I didn 't ... tell me what you want Tell me what you want ... I 'll do anything ! Then become my legs Take my place You 're going to run , to fight , in battle That 's what you 're going to do . It will be your redemption . ... my redemption . Captain , you 're heading towards the lava fields The Strata Serpent is active I need to place the Bomb manually Why ? Why did you do nothing ? You know that Gaia sent me . You became one of my men when you climbed aboard the " Arcadia " What you talking about ? I 'm here on a mission . I have to take the detonator and I was also ordered to kill you Is this what you want to do ? You have no chance of returning alive from this mission And even if you succeeded there would be nobody to congratulate you Nobody ordered you to board my ship You came of your own free will Why 's there been no contact yet ? You have restored contact ? There 's no signal on any of the radio frequencies We can 't confirm if they 're still alive It could have happened to any of us and the Captain would have done the same thing Captain , without you we are completely lost . Understand me , I do not want to kill you I want to help you ! Freedom . You said that when you boarded aboard the " Arcadia " . If what you said is true fight against the shackles that bind you . If you still want to kill me after that you can use this Maybe you will succeed without trembling I wanted to give you 2 or 3 punches but forget it ! What matters is that you both returned home safely . Fight against the shackles that bind you Well ... we 've deployed Bomb 99 The final one will be placed at the origin point of the galaxy Latitude 0 , Longitude 0 on our home planet Earth . Earth Earth Earth Are you sure ? The " Arcadia " is heading for Earth 's solar system ? It 's time What about your agent ? You have news ? Contact was broken Don 't let them get close to the Earth . Please allow me to use the " Kaleido Star " system With it we can destroy the " Arcadia " and its crew . The " Kaleido Star " system ... ? Using concentrated photon energy it collapses matter into a neutron star it 's a resource controlled by the Governemnt . What would happen if Harlock managed to activate the Dimensional Oscillation bombs ? He won 't activate them on a whim Those bombs are the ultimate weapon to create a Junction Point If we want to win we absolutely need the " Kaleido Star " system The slightest error and the whole universe would be destroyed but nobody knows where our agent is ? Your Lordship ... what 's your decision ? The use of the " Kaleido Star " system is permitted . Use all means to stop him ! You don 't look worried , but there 's been no contact from Yama . I consider several options for every operation . It 's called strategy . You were ready to sacrifice your own brother from the start ? Do you hate him that much ? Gaia Coalition Fleet Command ! Order to all warships of the Gaia Fleet " Scramble " I repeat : " Scramble " All operational vessels , prepare to leave dock All ships , set systems ready for departure After reaching transmitted coordinates go into Jump Gejian Fleet , set weapons to " ready " mode Jump travel time expected to be 45 minutes Prepare engines for Jump " Oceanus " , Jump rendevous point coordinates now calibrated . Attention . Admiral Ezra , commander of the main Fleet Awaiting your orders All vessels in the Gejian Fleet Go immediately into Jump , rendevous at transmitted cordinates and then the battle begins . Admiral What are your orders ? We will engage the " Arcadia " and defend the solar system Prepare for battle ! Roger . All ships , login on the same coordinates establish a line of defense around Pluto All ships , begin Jump My old friend we begin our last voyage Confused ? This is not the time Red Alert ! Enemy vessels approaching ! Enemy Fleet detected , 36,000 km directly ahead They 're forming a blockade More vessels detected behind us They 're travelling at sub-light speed They 're trying to trap us between them Do we engage them ? Maximum Power We attack them head-on . Understood . Dark Matter generator at full power ! Weaponry , prepare the torpedoes ! Turn on the field , the main guns and anti-aircraft system ! It 's really quite a grand welcome . " Arcadia " in sight ! He 's heading straight towards us . He 's trying to force through . They 've activated their Dark Matter shield . All vessels , target the " Arcadia " Admiral , we await your orders Wait ... Just a little more ... Ezra Now ! All ships , fire at will ! Our fire 's being returned ! We 're hit ! Cease fire , cease fire ! Stop shooting ! What 's happening ? Emergency situation ! A hologram ? A clever trick ... " Arcadia " spotted in the outer rings of Saturn ! I knew Admiral ? I heard ! Second Fleet , Jump ! 136 enemy ships have Jumped to within 7400 km of us I think they were waiting for us So we 're not safe yet They 're not completely stupid then , eh ? Yama Incoming transmission from the " Arcadia " Using Gaia Fleet 's access codes Accept the connection Ezra You 're still alive Please abandon this mission . Harlock never wanted to destroy the universe The Council Of Elders is wrong You can still find a solution ! Is that all you had to say ? I 'm very disappointed in you . Disconnect Ezra ! Bring the " Kaleido Star " system online . Now ! The " Kaleido Star " destroys neutron stars turning them into a source of extremely powerful light If we manage to converge the photon energy at a single point then the " Arcadia " won 't have a chance ! Second Fleet vessels 84 to 93 , flank the " Arcadia " on both sides I will use light to dispel this darkness and finally banish this pirate into the darkness of the cosmos A powerful gravitational field has appeared around the fleet ! What ? It 's huge ! I can 't give you an estimate ! " Kaleido-Star " . Now ! Debris approaching . Deploy shields , maximum power The field is waning Alert . Incoming debris ... Intense electro-magnetic interference , long distance sensors not registering Reboot in 2 minutes Report target 's status . carrying out visual and spectroscopic scans There 's no sign of the " Arcadia " ! ... it 's disappeared ! No . Still searching ... This isn 't possible , was it another hologram ? That 's not possible ? The plan was foolproof . " Arcadia " , it 's just emerged from starboard ! Impossible ! We can 't turn away fast enough ! Heavy cruiser " Neired " completely destroyed ! " Ares " receiving heavy damage . Urgent Message : all active vessels regroup . Block them ! " Arcadia " has disappeared into the gravitational perturbations It 's heading here ... The " Arcadia " is here ! Yama ! 97 % of vessels in the fleet are heavily damaged Including the " Oceanus " , only 17 ships remain functional . Try to hold on ! Ezra , it 's useless to resist . The Geijan Fleet 's flagship is a wreck You should have left us on board . Out of the question . We 're towing the " Oceanus " to prove to the Gaia Coalition that we have hostages . You 're learning ... Thanks to you . What if I told you the Federal fleet was only to serve as bait for our operation ? but I won 't say any more just yet Nami said it all ! Keep her out of this . I decided to bet on Harlock If he manages to create a Junction Point Humanity has a second chance ! And then we can ... Haved a second chance ? You don 't understand anything We 're approaching Earth and about to enter the sanctuary zone . It 's been a century Earth , the home planet Here we are at the Junction Point We can start all over again Yes but ... if we install a Dimensional Osciallation bomb Earth could explode , right ? We can trust the Captain ! I 'm sure he 's thought of everything Harlock has not told you everything When we enter the sanctuary zone you 'll see what I mean . But ? What 's that ? A hologram ! It 's a holographic projection ! That isn 't Earth ! It can 't be ! What does it mean ? Oh no ! Harlock committed a great sin . This can 't be true , the blue planet is a hologram projected by satellites Captain ? A hundred years ago Humanity was scattered across the universe All wanting to return to Earth a terrible war took place : the " Homecoming War " Exhausted by this stupid conflict Humanity approached its end but some clung to the Gaia Colaition 's teachings The Earth became a holy place and no-one would desecrate this planet . To enforce this edict the Gaia Fleet was put in charge of guarding Earth Solar Federation Officer Captain Harlock commanded the battlecruiser fleet " Death Shadow " Harlock ? The fleet consisted of 4 battlecruisers equipped with Dark Matter generators They seemed invincible . And a man hoped to revive our dying civilization Harlock met Toshiro , a former Solar Federation Officer They became good friends Our race was ending and he saved us all . To thank him we gave him all our technology Harlock continued to defend the Earth But Only the leaders of the Gaia Coalition were allowed to live on Earth That was the bargain for peace Beautiful words do not end war but Harlock never accepted that . Earth is a sacred place and Harlock fought tirelessly for his beliefs . They did not support the Gaia Coalition 's betrayal . Toshiro ! So the Gaia Coalition turned against him Toshiro ... Ever since , Gaia has hunted Harlock He ordered me to release the Dark Matter He thought that if Dark Matter covered the Earth then ... the Earth would truly be inviolable . He did not know the risks I should have convinced him . But it didn 't happen as Harlock had expected Dark Matter covered all of Earth Dark Matter devoured the Earth We thought it was all over we thought it was the end But ... Harlock rose up Not the same Harlock we had known Dark Matter had changed the ship , transformed it into a cursed pirate warship 5 years after the " Homecoming War " had ended He stole 100 Dimensional Oscillation bombs stored at Gaia 's headquarters and then he disappeared The Gaia Coalition knew very well the Junction Point theory developed by the Nibelungen race . There was no difficulty in working out what that albatross had in mind You need to understand that this man cannot bear his burden , he wants to end it all . Yama what would you do ? If a Junction Point is created what becomes of the universe ? In this infinitely large bubble called the universe , Junction Points are like corks , If removed , the whole universe will be return to nothing then be reborn . This is what you call " all over again " ? We have no choice . Human existence is a transient burst in the history of the cosmos . The very fact that we exist or that we existed , none of this will matter when we have gone . Ever since humans have understood it they have tried to return to Earth But this land no longer exists ! She said " all over again " With this cursed ship and body which does not even have the right to die the only way to repent would be to end my existence ... This is impossible ! Captain ... If you do this we would not be on board the " Arcadia " . we 'd already be dead You cannot do that . Kei Activate the Dimensional Oscillation bombs . Do it . Harlock don 't carry the burden on your own . You could find another way . What 's happening ? We 're moving away from Earth ! Who 's doing this ? My old friend you 're betraying me now ? The " Oceanus " engines are under way . They are in the engine room ! The prisoners have escaped ! How ? What 's happening ? Close the exits How come the prisoners are armed ? Don 't let them on the bridge ! You ! Kei , you once told me you would rather die . Everyone is the same but maybe some see farther than others . Some ... So , this is your answer ? You have finally made your decision ? I had the choice Are you immortal ? No ... I can be killed but I am trapped here , a prisoner of my body Interstellar Criminal , Code S-OO999 Harlock for breach of Article 62 of the Law of the Union Planets You are under arrest . Breaking news has been received Gaia Coalition has announced that the fugitive hunted for a century for his crimes and blasphemies known by the name of Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his crew of 40 men have been captured by the Gaia Fleet What have you done here ? Ezra Where 's Nami ? Stay away from my wife . Why did you betray me ? Whatever .. I 've known for a long time you 've always been in love with my brother You don 't really understand anything Ezra I want to thank you for the love you have for me I want to erase the hate that is in you Stop your rhetoric ! I 've had enough ! Look ! Look what state you 're in ! He 's responsible for all this , isn 't he ? Despite it all you still love ... I just figured it out . The person who 's made you suffer so much isn 't Yama but me . I 'll confess the truth You 're right , I have always loved ... Enough ... I never loved you Ezra No ! Stop ! Shut up ! I lied to you ... I 'm sorry . Ezra . Nami ... What I like about him in fact is that he looks a lot like you . Fool ... Fool . Fool ! Fool ! FOOL ! It was hers She hacked into the Army 's network to communicate with you With you ... Unfortunately , this is what would have caused the malfunction in her life support I 'm really sorry You 're lying ! Ezra , what did you do ! Look Yama this is the best place to grow flowers You know , the ones your mother developed . They 've turned out strong , they will bloom beautifully . Though he was reluctant Ezra eventually accepted to let me handle the greenhouse cultivation . I hope you can see the flowers with your own eyes I know he hates you It consumes him with such hatred and you , living with such a sentence and so painful for you you must really be hard to live with Finally , my dear , Ezra has always been at my side his gentleness made me feel at ease I chose Ezra . So , don 't blame yourself ... Some day you will meet that important person . When it happens , remember me and remember that we are family You look very weak which is what we wanted You will be executed today , at noon If we can neutralize the Dark Matter which is the source of your immortality your curse will be lifted Did you know ? Why didn 't you choose to kill yourself ? Don 't tell me you seriously thought you could start " all over again " ? Sometimes you cling to an illusion even though we know it 's in vain It can get everybody . Congratulations , you will soon be free . Definitely free ! Today , The time has come ! The famous space pirate captain Harlock and members of his crew will be executed This performance will be broadcast on the Gaia Coalition intergalactic network His Honourable Honourable , the Father of All , is sitting The High Supreme Court of Gaia is now in session ! Order and Peace ! Order and Peace ! Our home planet our Mother Earth Mother of Gaia to our children scattered throughout the universe May she shine forever until the day when all her children finally find rest So be it ... even if it is only an illusion ... Their nonsense speeches are just a waste ! We 're just puppets here You guys already know it What did you say ? Stop ! You 're deplorable So what ? We had nowhere to go that 's why we 're all here Well , there 's at least one person here who 's happy Why do you say that ? Because you 're going to die with your beloved Captain You 're just like Yama ! you 're worthless You 're not qualified to complain Neither you nor me are ... we 're just along for the Captain 's ride All guards , leave the ship all guards , leave the ship Hey , we 've been ordered to evacuate the ship What 's with that guy ? Commencing field collapse shield deployed , maintaining singularity Maintaining state , gravitational pressure increasing Spatial collapse rate rising as predicted Spatial collapse reaching critical level Reduce pressurisation level Field collapse now imminent Execution will occur within 10 seconds Alert ! Explosion in pressurised areas ! Leaks detected Dark Matter energy released ! Come quickly ! What are you doing ? I was wrong , I know it now but it 's too late The Gaia Coalition , Harlock , everyone is wrong Go down to Earth , you 'll understand what I mean There 's something you need to see What , are you kidding ? You want us to trust you ? We 'll speak later ! The guards will return soon we have to set sail Kei , do you believe in him ? Well , if we stay here we 're dead ! Here we go ! I hate this ! Show me the view inside the vessel Yes ! What 's going on ? A mutiny someone 's trying to prevent the execution terminate the broadcast ! Dispose of them immediately ! I understand ! Guards ! Go in fully armed Don 't leave any survivors aboard the " Arcadia " ! Get off my ship ! You have no place here ! We should be off , we need you ! Captain , we have to fight ! You 're the only one who can control the " Arcadia " Hurry ! Captain ! Captain ! Stand up ! You may indeed have destroyed the Earth but you also gave us a second chance This ship We have this ship We have nothing else ! Harlock Please look You see this flower I found it on Earth What 's going on ? Earth is trying to live again There 's still hope Nothing has ended , this is the beginning Even if humanity ends this flower , and the universe , can live again Humanity too , who knows ? Moments that repeat Forever This flower is proof this would be it ... Freedom ? My old friend There is nothing we can do ! Dark Matter continues to spread ! We can no longer contain it Jumped ... where did the ship go ? They 're heading to the sanctuary zone ! Towards Earth ... Mobilise all forces in the solar system We must prevent the " Arcadia " approaching Earth at all costs What 's the status of the " Oceanus " ? Repairs are not yet completed But it can get under way As you wish , Your Excellency ! Amazing ... the ship 's guiding itself ! It 's heading towards Earth You think it wants us to create the Junction Point ? Yattaran The Gaia Colation is communicating over the networks Their hyperspace communications will allow us to broadcast throughout the universe If we destroy Earth 's satellite holographic projectors Are you ready to show them Yama Are you ready to show them the true face of the Earth ? Their ship has Jumped directly above Earth ! That is what we expected Everyone to battle stations ! There 're too many ! I 've lost count ! Keep navigating and ignore them Yattaran , you 'll manage ! It 's not that easy ! They 're attacking the holographic projectors Stop them at all costs ! Fire at will ! Damage to Central Section , Port side ! Yattaran ! Alright then ! Got you ! C 'mon , c 'mon , c 'mon , That 's it ! I 've got us a link into the Gaia network ! Haha ... Yama ... We can 't avoid it ! This is the " Arcadia " I address all of Humanity Don 't look away See it with your eyes The Gaia Coalition wants to hide the truth Look well on the true face of Earth That 's what the Homecoming War made our beautiful planet Can 't you block the transmission ? But do not give in to despair The Earth is still alive This Land of the Dead has gained new life fragile life but it can be nurtured Repeating the cycle Don 't just rely on dreams Don 't be afraid to accept the truth and finally , we can have a future We are not alone in the universe and even if our species were to disappear other lives will follow us Looking forward into the future Until its last breath all life in the universe carries with it the promise of eternity ! That 's what this flower tells us ! That 's really stupid ! If we let them , they will certainly destroy the order of the universe ! Must at all costs stop the " Arcadia " , before it is too late ! Don 't panic I am authorising the use of the Jupiter Accelerator Jupiter Accelerator ? This is an ultimate weapon that was never completed It was hidden away when the Homecoming War ended but anyway ... the " Arcadia " is in orbit around the Earth , we can 't ... You know as well as I , Admiral planet Earth is no longer a beautiful blue planet We need to consider making it a sacrifice Please wait ! Your Excellency ! Order the Fleet to fall back Ezra It looks like the enemy Fleet is retreating I don 't get it That damned Gaia Fleet ... you think they 're giving up because they 've been unmasked ? No ! I see a ship approaching ... The " Oceanus " ! Ezra All crew ! Prepare for shock ! What are they trying to do ? Aim for the enemy ship ! Fire the grapples ! They 're trying to board us ! What ? We 're the ones who do that ! Kei , can you walk ? Oh no , not you ... Yattaran ! Approach if you dare ! Because me , I 'm not going anywhere ! Where 's Ezra ? Get out of my way ! Operation of the guidance system bipolar rings activated accelerating Jupiter 's rotation transition to firing process separation rings ready activating radius plasma Jupiter 's acceleration is 60 % capacity rotation speed increasing It 's amazing , Jupiter is deforming ... In 180 seconds , it will be operational " Oceanus " has collided with the " Arcadia " , apparently locked together It 's not important We can always replace it " Do not give in to despair " you think you 're a savior now , Yama ? Where are you Ezra ! You couldn 't even save the woman you loved And you think you can save Humanity ? What a joke ! I 've got you now you are so naive is as futile as our mother 's flower You 're pathetic ! Yet it has flourished , what do you say to that ? Anyway , it 's too late ! Nami would still be alive if you had had as much conviction at the time ! That was only the first test the next beam from Jupiter will explode the " Arcadia " and Earth You know ... Captain , you must leave Yes , but I have a task for you Protect the Earth You 're the only one to have remained faithful We haven 't got complete control It 's not a problem The test was successful , that 's all that matters The weapon hasn 't been used for a century , it was inevitable ! Correct the targeting and quickly ! Secondary plasma energy level at 95 % Maximum level reached Maintaining optimal levels of plasma required Position target adjustment rings Hyperspace Gate , connection established Beam positioned on objective " Arcadia " , target locked Automatic guidance system engaged This is the last time we shall sea Earth The illusion was sufficient for our needs You know , like me our species will not live forever Harlock You 're certain of what you 're doing ? Forgive me I did not let you choose You bear little of the burden I 'm not sad , you know .. ... we are born , we die I know now that life is an eternal cycle This will be the last time . Release the Dark Matter ! This is the end ... But what happened ? The " Arcadia " has moved position ! And Earth came out of the line of sight " Oceanus " ? Damn you Ezra ! To spare the Earth you deliberately collided with the " Arcadia " Why ? I just wanted to see Nami 's flowers Ther 're really beautiful No , Ezra ... Ezra ! While the Earth is recovering Humans will probably want to come back again I think there won 't be any more Junction Points if we prevent a new Homecoming War Any Dark Matter has been eradicated It 's time to kill me what do you think ? You want to shoot ? Another day maybe but let 's enjoy this world that Nami and Ezra have given us You 're right ! But if one day you see Humanity committing the same mistakes then you will know what to do Curses and terror Constant repentance with those there will be men The myth of Captain Harlock will continue to exist forever ... This is the Coalition Planetary Fleet you are surrounded You are advised to surrender All personnel leave the ship and lay down your arms If you refuse to surrender we will attack The day he saved us , I decided to devote my life to Harlock I have always lived with the " Arcadia " and I will die with him " Arcadia " ... ... Full Speed ​ ​ Ahead ! Humanity grows yet nothing seems to change Despite this , Humaity continues its quest and nobody knows why but it does !
