 [ wind blowing ] [ breathing with respirator ] Automated voice : Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . [ beeps ] [ music playing faintly ] ♪ I 'm going back to find some peace ♪ ♪ fame and fortune is a magnet ♪ ♪ it can pull you far away from home ♪ ♪ with a dream in your heart , you 're never alone ♪ ♪ dreams turn into dust and blow away ♪ ♪ and there you are without a friend ♪ ♪ you 'll pack your car and drive away ♪ ♪ I 've got lots of friends in San Jose ♪ ♪ do you know the way to San Jose ? ♪ ♪ oh , LA is a great big freeway ♪ ♪ put a hundred down and buy a car ♪ ♪ in a week , maybe two ... ♪ Would you like some water ? No . I ... Would you like some water ? ♪ ... Are parking cars and pumping gas ♪ ♪ I 've got lots of friends in San Jose ♪ [ low growling ] [ coughing ] What is that ? Progress . [ rumbling and growling ] Presentation starts in five minutes . - I can 't find it . - Did you look under the desk ? Why would it be under the desk ? That 's where I found your Seaborg medal . How hard can it be to find a 160-year-old pump handle ? - Depends . - On what ? On who 's doing the finding . - Where did you ... - Where you left it . - You 're a lifesaver . - So I 've been told . In 1854 , London experienced a terrible cholera outbreak . Local doctors attributed the epidemic To miasma , or bad air . Then they responded to it by burning incense And promoting the sale of fragrant flowers . [ people laughing ] Not , as you might imagine , Terribly helpful to the 600 or so who died of the disease . But a doctor and a clergyman Mapped out the victims , And this was the very first epidemiological study . What they found Was a cluster of cases around broad street , Where there was a city water pump . Defying the local authorities , they did the unthinkable . They took off the handle . [ all laughing ] And the outbreak came to an end , But the lesson lives on . And so , unfortunately , Does cholera . [ startled reactions ] When a surgeon fumbles , a patient dies . When we drop the ball , Thousands die . As new CDC field officers , You are about to embark On a mission to the far corners of the earth . And you will witness horrors others cannot imagine . Horrors that make cholera seem tame . You will make sacrifices that others find unthinkable . And your family and your friends Will sacrifice right along with you . And you will do all of this Because you cannot fathom living any other life . This is no game . The stakes Are very real . That 's just scotch in there , By the way , single malt . In fact , toss it back . [ all laughing ] Good luck to you all . Balleseros : Late last night , a military listening post received a distress call From a private research base owned by Arctic Bio-systems . Big Pharma . Just read about them . The call denoted a possible retroviral outbreak . Two people dead that we know of , And a third person already infected . I 'm sorry , who are you again ? Major Sergio Balleseros , USAMRIID by way of the Army corps of engineers . I 've been instructed to escort you and your rapid response team , Including Dr. Walker , up to the base To determine whether it is in fact a retrovirus . Now , given that the Army fielded the distress call , We 're gonna share jurisdiction with the CDC . It looks like there 's no jurisdiction at all . If the base is above the 83rd parallel , It 's international territory . We have no authority there . Arctic Bio-systems is granting us access ... For now . How kind of them . This is all fine , but why me ? There are six other senior scientists at the CDC Who can run point on this , including Dr. Walker . The distress call specifically asked for Dr. Walker . She thought it best that we include you . I 'm ... I 'm still not following . The third infected patient is Peter . Who 's Peter ? My brother . [ wind blowing ] Our primary goal is to identify this pathogen . Sarah . You 'll be with me and Peter on the deceased To establish the extent of the illness . Julia Will determine the cause of the illness . Doreen , I need you to swab every inch of Peter 's lab , Test every animal for the source of the illness . How about you , GI Joe ? What is it that you do exactly ? I 'm a systems engineer . I 'll be analyzing the base infrastructure , Air , water , waste treatment , looking for ways the virus Might have spread through pipes or air vents . So , you 're a glorified plumber . Only if you 're a glorified veterinarian . Look , we have no idea what this thing is , So we treat it like a hot agent . BSL-4 protocol , full suits , And decontamination showers for every potential exposure . That could eat up a lot of time . Alan : Well , better safe than sorry . Says the man who spent the night in a thatched hut full of Ebola victims . That 's his ex-wife ? Yep . Not what I expected . She 's smarter than you . - Doubtful . - Better in the lab too . Highly doubtful . Sarah : He never talks about her or his brother . That 's probably because He caught her and his brother in bed together . Don 't worry , they 're professionals . They 'll make it work . Why would I be worried ? 'Cause I see the way you look at him . This is gonna be the most frakked-up family reunion ever . Pilot : [ over radio ] Raptor-47 to Arctic Bio-systems , come in . Man : We read you , Raptor-47 , loud and clear . We 're making our final approach . We clear for landing ? Daniel Aerov , head of security . Sorry we don 't have the red carpet waiting , but we 're not used to visitors . Alan : We 're not used to red carpets . This is Dr. Hiroshi Hatake , director of research . Alan Farragut , CDC . Peter 's brother . Of course . Julia : We 've come a long way for Peter . When can we see him ? Hatake : He 's been transferred to our isolation facility . I 'm afraid the news isn 't good . He 's been in and out of consciousness for the last eight hours . Alan : And the rest of your people ? Are you implementing hard or soft quarantine ? Neither . - You haven 't locked down the base ? - Allow me to explain . Alan : You have three victims of an unknown pathogen . And only three , who all worked in the same lab . There have been no other infections . Since we are not seeing a base-wide outbreak , we are fairly certain It 's not airborne . Well , at least you 're fairly certain . Hey , that 's our ride . Daniel : They can 't stay here . The temperature can drop to - 70 , it turns jet fuel to jelly . Plus , we can 't risk leaving before we have full containment , CDC protocol . You just made me feel better , knowing they 're out there . Not to worry . Camp Eisenhower is only 200 miles away . They can be back here in no time . Please stick out your left hand . RFID marker injected under the skin . We all have them . Yours will give you unrestricted access to the base . [ alert tone ] Automated voice : Main elevator security access granted . Level B. [ soft music playing ] Sweet mother Mary Matthew . How many people work here ? 106 scientists from 35 countries , 15 support staff . That 's a lot of potential patients . Let 's focus on what we know . I 'll need to see the personnel records of the infected , Their professional and medical histories . I 'll need to see their living quarters And any other areas they frequented . And I want access to their lab animals and research materials . And I 'll need to start tracking down Anyone they 've been in contact with for the past 48 hours . Understood . Automated voice : Level e . Now I want to see my brother . Automated voice : Level f . I haven 't talked to Peter in a long time . How long ? That night ? I went home and packed a bag , caught the next flight to La Paz . Ah , you always did have issues with impulse control . I 'm worried . That 's all right . We 're here , we 'll do what we can for him . He 's not the one I 'm worried about . [ device beeping steadily ] Alan : His vitals are all over the place . He probably won 't make it through the night . Peter . I 'm going to ask you some questions . If you can 't speak , Try to nod yes or no . Do you have a tl link here ? No . That 's too bad . It 's gonna take forever To upload this data back to Atlanta . We don 't have a tl because it 's obsolete . It 's a synchronous optical network , 10 gigs a second . It has to be fast , 'cause we only get the satellite an hour each day . You seem to know a lot about medicine and technology For a head of security . Dr. Hatake taught me everything I know . Where did you two meet ? An orphanage . In barrow . He adopted me . I 've been with him as long as I can remember . Peter , it 's me , Alan . Dr. Farragut , do you know where you are ? Do you know what happened to you ? Yes . The white room . Peter . Peter . Look into my eyes . Look into my eyes . Can you do that ? Look into my ... That 's it . Peter , it 's me . It 's Alan . Alan , the blood . It 's black . [ Peter grunting ] [ alarm beeping ] I need a security team to quarantine now ! You lie ! You all lie ! Everyone lies ! Everyone ! Everyone lies ! [ alarm stops ] [ Alan panting ] [ device beeping steadily ] [ panting ] How long had Peter been assigned to this lab ? The last six months . Working on ? I 'm afraid that 's over my pay grade . You 'd have to ask Dr. Hatake . You expect us to help you , but you won 't tell us what you 're working on ? We check that weekly . Good for you . Tsk , tsk , tsk , tsk , tsk . Aren 't you a big girl . Or boy . They have no sex organs . We 've designed a way to inhibit the signaling pathway Responsible for genitalia . Makes control easier . Got an ex-husband I wouldn 't mind trying that on . Where are the monkeys ? We don 't have any monkeys . You 're kidding , right ? With the kind of work you 're doing here ? No monkeys means no monkeys . These are the other two victims that were found with Peter . You ready ? Yeah . Open the bag . Alan : What the hell ? [ retching ] [ door opening ] [ door pneumatics hissing ] That won 't happen again , you have my word . No , Sarah , it 's okay . I 've been around some nasty hot agents , But I 've never seen anything like that . No one has seen anything like this . Julia : You still thinking retrovirus ? Looks more like some kind of hemorrhagic fever . Blood loss is consistent with Ebola or Marburg , But this kind of tissue degradation ... This thing doesn 't kill , it annihilates . Julia : So how was Peter still alive ? First things first . Where 's Doreen ? With Major Balleseros , swabbing down Peter 's lab . Good . Get started on the assays , Sarah . I need to see this thing to beat it . Yeah , I 'm on it . Jules , talk to Hatake . Find out what our victims were working on . We need to find the causation of this . You should be in there with Peter . Whatever time he 's got left ... No , he wouldn 't want me sitting around watching him die . What are you gonna do ? [ squeaking ] Yep , just as I thought . Hey , what are you doing ? These live rats in the PRC test confirm conclusively That Hatake 's right , it isn 't airborne . [ sighs ] That 's good news . Yep , except I 'm no closer to the source , And I still have no idea on the mode of transmission . - I hate rats . - I don 't . My dad was a Master Sergeant , moved us around a lot . Rats are easy to travel . You do this a lot in the service ? Take apart drains and toilets looking for viruses ? I spent my first tour in Iraq , searching for WMDs . See any action ? - Rarely left the base . - Sounds dangerous . Bet you got some pretty nasty paper cuts . The last few years I spent Harassing the cartels in south America . Must have been shaking in their boots . Ever actually fire a gun ? Not since boot camp . Hey , let me see that . What is it ? M. Mulatta . Unless I miss my guess , This is from a rhesus macaque . So , they have monkeys . What 's the big deal ? That they lied about it . Monkeys are one of the main agents of zoonotic transfer , That 's passing a virus from animal to human or vice versa . So , what didn 't they want us to find out ? Dr. Hatake ? Dr. Hatake ? [ exhales ] Unbelievable . The arctic has a timeless quality . Don 't you agree ? Makes it a little tough on the commute , though . [ chuckles ] we get more accomplished Without the distraction of the outside world . Like interference from regulatory agencies ? I need to know everything about Peter 's last few days , What he was working on , who he was working with ... I thought you might . What 's all this ? Peter 's research . There are 20 more boxes in his lab . That 's gonna take me days to sort through . Can you at least tell me what he was working on ? Mutagens , mostly . For speeding up mutations . Those are dangerous . You wouldn 't want to let your children play with them . Do you have children ? No , I don 't . Can you think of any correlation between his research And the infectious agent ? No . I 'm sorry . Voice on system : Shift one , report . Shift one , report . Shift one , report . Alan , tissues samples are ... Uh , I didn 't mean to interrupt . No , it 's okay . Entry 224 . Got in some UV therapy this morning . Ran three miles on the treadmill . It 's getting harder to tell day from night , But I guess that doesn 't matter . I 'm still seeing t . She is terrific . But I 'm starting to wonder Whether I 'm truly meant for relationships . And it 's not that I 'm bad at them . It 's more like ... Well , they 're bad for me . More than anything , I am excited about being up here . I ... I understand certain things now . Up here . I ... I understand certain things now . What is it ? Look at his hand . We used to do that nights when our father Came home drunk or angry , which was most nights . What does it mean ? Run like hell . You need to come to isolation now . It 's Peter . Automated voice : Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . How could you leave him in there with a bone saw ? I was a little busy trying ... Too busy to follow BSL-4 safety protocol ? You 're both missing the point here . How did he get out ? This morning he was terminally ill , Now he 's ripping out of restraints ? We sealed off the entire floor , deactivating Peter 's RFID chip . He 's trapped . But we still need to get him out of there . We 're gonna flood the ducts with halothane gas . It 'll knock him out for four hours . Once the gas clears we 'll retrieve his body . Look , Peter is our best chance to understand How this pathogen works . He may have antibodies which have allowed him to fend off the infection . We need him alive ! I 'm sorry , but I have the lives of 120 others to consider . No one is safe from the virus until we 've contained him . Automated voice : Security teams , confirm Level lockdown . Security teams confirm ... Once the gas clears , I 'll take a security team and we 'll bring him back to isolation . [ gas hissing ] [ mechanics locking in ] If you 're going up there , I 'm going too . I can 't allow that . It 's too dangerous . If there 's any chance Peter 's alive , I need to be up there . Hatake : As you wish . Listen , we 've been at this for over an hour , and still no monkeys . If Hatake is granting us unrestricted access to the base , Why don 't we just confront him , tell him we found a monkey hair ? Yeah , right . I doubt we 'd get a straight answer . Besides , this is way more fun . Automated voice : Access denied . Access denied . Access denied . So much for unrestricted access . You got any bright ideas ? Liquid nitrogen . Freezing rearranges the tensile strength . [ beeping ] [ unlocking ] Huh . Man : Northwest a , clear . Man 2 : Section Northwest B , clear . Man 3 : Southwest B , we 're clear . Daniel : Dr. Farragut , we need you to check in . Dr. Farragut . Alan : Are you sure my brother 's up here ? We sealed the vents in this sector , and that concentration Of gas should have knocked him out . [ breathing with respirator ] Jeez . What the hell happened here ? What 's that smell ? Doreen : That is monkey . The only creaturesthat smell worse are humans . There must have been a hundred of them . Where the hell did they all go ? I don 't know , but someone busted off this cage door . From the inside . I 've got something here . Uh , black mucus . Uh , southwest ... Uh ... Yeah , southwest c . He was definitely here . [ crashing ] What was that ? Peter ? Peter ! [ monkey chattering ] [ monkey chattering ] [ clattering ] He 's smart . Way too smart . [ thud ] [ snarling nearby ] There you are , Handsome boy . Come on out . Peter ! Come on . [ monkey screeching ] [ Doreen screaming ] He 's here ! Peter 's here ! Daniel : Wait for backup ! Are you okay ? Am I cut ? Do you see any breaks on the skin ? I don 't think so . Be sure . It 's important . You 're okay . [ sighs in relief ] He 's here . Peter 's here . It 's not him . It 's ... It 's not Peter . Oh , my god . Daniel : He was on one of my security teams . Joseph Kneizeh , 31 years old , Talkeetna , Alaska . He was attacked and dismembered . This doesn 't make sense . The question we should be asking is " why " . Why did Peter attack this man ? Why cut off his hand ? And why is the pathogen making him stronger ? I want to seal off this part of the base . All nonessential personnel , keep them in dedicated safe rooms . Nobody travels unless they travel with a partner , At least until we can recapture Peter . Automated voice : Attention , code 830 , Level G , oncology . Anything from the first set of cultures ? Cells are heavily damaged , most totally deformed . It 's like Armageddon down there . But no sign of a virus ? I screened for all current viral structures , Filaments , polygons , cylinders , spheres ... Even icosahedrons . What if it 's not current ? A couple of MIT scientists discovered evidence Of ancient viruses in the Greenland ice cores . They found these obsolete structures dating back 140,000 years . I gotta hand it to Alan , he 's got an eye for the smart ones . It 's not like that . Not like what ? Alan is a great mentor , but there 's nothing going on . I would have said the exact same thing . Only that was eight years ago . Look at that . What ? What is it ? Right there . Sarah : That 's only 15nm . There 's no virus that small . No current virus . I need you to finish this . Where are you going ? To find Alan . He needs to see this now . [ device beeping rapidly ] [ signal noise ] Sarah : We weren 't even sure what we were looking for until Julia ... Dr. Walker started checking for paleoneurological structures . It 's some form of spherical capsid , But unlike anything we 've ever seen before . It 's not naturally occurring , at least not in this century . Here it is blown up to 100,000 xp . Here 's 500,000 . How was your walk in the snow ? Fine , thanks . A bit colder here than you 're used to . Doesn 't bother me . I 'm adaptable . You know what they say about those who fail to adapt . The delivery will be on schedule . The schedule changed when the CDC showed up . I had nothing to do with that . Either way , the people you and I work for aren 't happy , And now I have to clean up your mess . Alan : Hello , what the hell is that ? Sawah : Wait , there 's more . My god . We thought it was just replicating , but there 's something else . This mutation only occurs in a fraction of the samples . It 's minimal but it 's statistically relevant . Which could explain why Peter is still alive and the others died . But what 's it doing to him ? Julia : For lack of a better term , it 's changing him . Into what ? [ soft music playing ] ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ? ♪ ♪ I 've been away so long ♪ ♪ I may go wrong and lose my way ♪ ♪ do you know the way to San Jose ? ♪ ♪ I 'm going back to find ♪ ♪ some peace of mind in San Jose ♪ ♪ LA is a great big freeway ♪ ♪ put a hundred down and buy a car ♪ ♪ in a week , maybe two , they 'll make you a star ♪ ♪ weeks turn into years , how quick they pass ♪ ♪ and all the stars that never were ♪ ♪ are parking cars and pumping gas ♪ ♪ you can really breathe in San Jose ♪ they 've got a lot of space ♪ ♪ there 'll be a place where I can stay ♪ ♪ I was born and raised in San Jose ♪ ♪ I 'm going back to find ♪ ♪ some peace of mind in San Jose ♪ ♪ fame and fortune is a magnet ♪ [ woman screaming ] ♪ it can pull you far away from home ♪ ♪ with a dream in your heart you 're never alone ♪
