 Julia : Previously on Helix ... Why did Peter attack this man ? And why is the pathogen making him stronger ? Doreen : Pending necropsy , I believe we may have found the source of the contagion . Sarah : This mutation only occurs in a fraction of the samples . It 's minimal , but it 's statistically relevant . But what 's it doing to him ? - Open the door . - No . [ groaning ] Come on ! Now ! People have to know what 's going on up here ! [ stabbing ] [ gasps ] Peter . [ water dripping ] [ gasping ] It 's all right . Alan ? It 's all right . Relax . [ grunting ] [ breathing heavily ] What happened ? You tell me . I found you here passed out . - What do you remember ? - Uh , I was , uh ... I ... I was , uh , taking a shower . Decontamination procedures . And ... And ... [ growling ] Uh ... Um ... I , uh ... I ... Jules . I just felt lightheaded . I don 't remember ... I don 't remember what happened next . I guess I , um ... I didn 't realize how exhausted I am . Well , we 've ... All been pushing really hard . You need to get a few hours ' sleep . Yeah . I need you 100 % for this one . Okay , good idea . I 'll walk you back to your quarters . With Peter roaming around out there , it 's not safe to go alone . I 'll give you a moment . [ metallic clattering nearby ] [ metallic clattering ] [ squishy sound ] Hello ? Anybody in here ? [ squishy sound ] [ gasping ] [ grunting ] [ softly ] Help ! Help ... Me . [ growling ] [ theme music playing ] ♪ " 274 " ♪ [ breathing heavily ] Doreen : Please report to me immediately if you see any skin lesions , Flu-like symptoms , or black mucus discharge . Should we not be taking antivirals ? Like ... - Oseltamivir ? - That 's for H1N1 influenza . We 've ruled that out as a cause of infection . What is it then ? [ all exclaiming ] It 's all right . Taking the wrong meds can do more harm than no meds at all . We 're working around the clock on a treatment , And when we find it , we 'll attack the virus aggressively . [ people murmuring ] Now , they are scared , I get that . But sometimes I just want to yell at ' em , you know ? We 're not the enemy here . Security teams are doing constant sweeps . Still no sign of our three escapees or Peter Farragut . And another attack has been reported on Level G. Two more possibly infected . They 're being moved to isolation . [ sighing ] We 've been in lockdown for 32 hours . People are panicking . If something doesn 't change , We risk losing control of the base . Where is julia walker ? - I ... I 'm not sure . - Do you want to speak to her ? That won 't be necessary . [ metal rattling ] Dr. Farragut . What are you doing ? Getting my brother into containment . Why didn 't you inform us ? Because I presumed the man you had following me would tip you off . Alan : I want a full workup . LFT , CBC with differential coags , Viral screen , and all available antigen-antibody assays . My security teams couldn 't wrangle him . How did you manage it ? He turned himself in . Hatake : What is Peter 's status ? Stable for now . I meant the status of his sedation . We don 't want another security incident . That 's unlikely . As unlikely as cutting off a man 's hand to access his RFID chip ? Peter gave himself up , no fight , no struggle . Why would he do that if he were planning to escape ? That 's what we thought the last time we put him in isolation . He appears to be controllable on morphine . I 've hooked him up to a pain pump . He shouldn 't be a danger to anyone . - I 'm not willing to take that chance . - Neither am I. Is there somewhere more secure we can hold him ? This floor was phase one of Arctic Biosystems . As the company grew , so did the facility . Level R contains our early labs and living quarters , Along with maintenance for the entire base . The CO ₂ oxygen scrubbers , The heating systems , equipment storage , Though most of the lab work has moved upstairs . [ woman over pa ] Now we use this level for sensitive and hazardous research . One of the empty labs should provide the security you 're looking for . The ventilation system in this room Is separate from the rest of the facility . The walls are concrete , three feet thick , And the door is double-plated steel . Nothing is getting in or out . What kind of research were you conducting with nuclear reactors ? I spent time at Sandia Labs . The burn patterns on these walls are virtually identical . Controlled fusion , a project we abandoned . When was the last radiation screen down here ? Daniel : We test every six months , And the lab has been empty for about five years . - So it 's safe ? - Perfectly . More than qualified to be an isolation unit for Peter . For everyone else as well . There are empty rooms on this level , plenty of space , And this secure lab allows us To separate vectors from those who are just infected . Vectors ? It 's what we 're calling the infected who are Physically attacking others to spread the disease , like Peter . I think we can achieve full containment down here . Well , what are you saying ? I 'm saying we turn Level R into an isolation floor . [ water dripping ] [ breathing hard ] [ gasping ] [ groaning ] [ yelling ] [ choking ] [ breathing hard ] Get it together , Jules . You don 't ... Get ... Sick . [ woman announcing over pa ] All right , we have 18 sick in isolation , including Peter . With three on the loose and two presumed infected , that 's 23 . That we know of . I want to move them all down to Level R. I 'll need medical equipment . Turn one of the labs into a triage unit . I 'll need food , water , bedding , for 40 patients . This thing will get bigger before we achieve full containment . I think we can accommodate that . Help me . Help me . Hatake : Stay where you are . I 'm sorry I ran . They made me do it . We can help . They made me ! - You need to stop . - Believe me . They made me ... [ gunshot ] [ gasping ] Bring a gurney . And find Dr. Chaplin . No ! There 's no time . She 's going into shock . Find me a scalpel and something to pack into the wound . [ Sulemani grunting ] Stay with me now . You 'll be okay . Hurry up ! All right , I feel the bullet . Here , pinch off this vein . Pinch off this vein ! Yes . More pressure . Right there . I have it , I have it . Good . [ groaning ] You 're gonna be fine now . She should be stable enough to move . We take her down to the fusion lab . Thanks to your quick thinking . My quick thinking shouldn 't have been necessary in the first place . All right . Come on . [ shouting ] Come on ! She was unarmed and asking for our help . I was only trying to protect Dr. Hatake . She wasn 't threatening him , she was scared . The situation was escalating . It didn 't escalate until you panicked And almost murdered an infected patient ! I set the rules on this base . There are no countries here , no laws . Dr. Sulemani 's life is my responsibility , not Daniel 's . As senior scientist on this case , Every patient 's life is my responsibility . You tell your security people That this is the last time lethal force is to be used on one of my patients ! - I can 't guarantee that . - You tell them ! Or I 'll pull my team , And we can do this again in six months ' time as a postmortem ! [ machines beeping ] What did you do to me , Peter ? What did you do ? [ muttering incoherently ] [ knocking on glass ] [ gasps ] Alan : We seal off the stairwells , Use the elevator for an airlock , And once we control access to the floor , We should have a viable isolation unit . So , healthy people come upstairs , sick people go down . It might work . But if people aren 't showing symptoms yet , How do we know who 's infected ? We 'll need a test , something that we can administer quickly . A rapid-response test would be the fastest . But first we need to synthesize a pure sample of the virus . - Both viruses . - What about those vials you found in Peter 's lab ? Neither Norvik-A nor B show up as a pathogen in any existing database . Norvik-B is the strain that created the vectors in the rat population , right ? How long to synthesize a test based on that variant ? Eight hours at least for something functional . Well , you have four . Work with jordan . Tell me more about this infected monkey . I think the virus inside the monkey is the key . I 'm sequencing the full genome now . If we can prove that the infection passed from monkey to human ... It gets us one step closer to the original strain . And the best shot we have at a vaccine . All right , get started on it . I 'll go with her , can 't be too careful right now . Thanks , but I can take care of myself . Doreen , take him with you . All right , everybody , the com link window Goes live in six hours and 42 minutes . If we have this data to upload to Atlanta , We might just get on top of this thing . Let 's get to work . Alan : And 20 bags ... Make that 30 bags of saline drip . Daniel : Our base doctor 's seen Dr. Sulemani . She 's gonna make it . Well , have him keep her on a propofol infusion . I didn 't panic with Sulemani . She was infected with a lethal virus and coming at Dr. Hatake . I assessed the options and I pulled the trigger . We shoot everyone who 's infected ? Is that it ? - Eliminate the threat ? - If necessary . And those who might be infected ? Do we kill them too ? The only reason you didn 't fire that shot Is because the gun wasn 't in your hands . [ woman over pa ] - Another false positive . - Me too . I 've gone through all of the atypical enzymes . You started with atypicals ? Their catalyzation rate is too low . I read a study that linked the use of atypical enzymes To certain viral antibodies . You have to start wide and narrow down . That 's why I assigned you EC-1 enzymes ... EC-1 catalyzes with everything , which tells us nothing , And we don 't have time to go through a thousand different enzymes . If we 're gonna come up with a test in less than three hours ... - Sarah . - What ? What 's wrong with your hand ? Are you okay ? Are you feeling any symptoms ? I 've been up for three days straight . I 'm probably just exhausted . We 're out of Peter 's blood serum . - I should go get some more samples . - No , I 'll do it . If you find the virus did come from the monkeys , Will that help you figure out a cure ? " Curing " a virus is a relative term . We need a treatment to help the infected folks get better , And a vaccine to prevent anyone else from getting infected . That sick monkey is just the first step down a long road ... Doreen : Where the hell is my monkey ? - What 's that smell ? - Formaldehyde . Whoever did this wanted to kill any living organism left behind . They didn 't want me analyzing the samples from that monkey . It reeks . Reeks all right . Reeks of Hatake . What are you gonna do ? - Walk into his office and demand answers ? - Why not ? Because you know how that conversation 's gonna go . He 's gonna say it was biosafety protocol , or scheduled maintenance . I knew this full-bird colonel , just like Hatake . Real stickler . You had to find creative ways to get things done . What 'd you have in mind ? What if I could get you another monkey sample ? [ monitor beeping ] [ sighs ] [ chuckles ] What are you doing here ? Three days ago , we were moving on with our lives , And now this ? Seeing you , it all comes flooding back . How unhappy I was with Alan , How I couldn 't even recognize ... Who I was with him anymore . But instead of acknowledging it , I didn 't say anything , I just ... Swallowed it , all of it , Until it filled me up , and I was drowning in it . And then you . [ exhaling ] I thought I could handle this . Doreen : Never seen anything like this . Look at their faces ! Balleseros : I know . It 's pretty damn scary . No , not scary , scared . These monkeys were running for their lives . Running from what ? How 'd you find this place , anyway ? I was just checking the stability of the icepack around the base . Horseshit . Who the hell are you ? I 'm just an army engineer , like I said . You want to work together ? I got no problem with that . But you have got to start telling me the truth . I am ! Ha . There are people in the army , Myself included , who are wondering If this outbreak was an accident . You think Hatake did this on purpose ? Why would he do that ? Why don 't you come help me find out ? [ monitor beeping ] I want 24-hour guards on this door until we get full containment . Base one , go ahead . [ radio chatter ] They found one of the escapees on this level . [ door opens ] What are you so happy about ? Nothing . I just cracked the test . You figured it out ? Which enzyme catalyzed ? None of them . After you left , I remembered another study . It utilizes the body 's natural way of detecting foreign pathogens . White blood cells , yes . Get to the point . So it modified the white blood cells with genes From a crystal jellyfish , aequorea victoria , To create a rapid-response test . The jellyfish genes produce a fluorescent green protein . You replicated this ? I swabbed three security techs for control samples . All clear . Then I ran the test on known infectees , Peter , Dr. Tracey , and Dr. Deklerk . All green , positive for infection . Show me again . Use yourself as a control . Why does that matter ? Look , if you want to see it in action , I can take a swab from you right now . Okay . Test me . I don 't know why we 're wasting our time with this . We need to tell Alan . [ loud banging ] Come on , Duchamp ! I know you 're in there ! - Don 't come any closer . - Put it down . Put it down . We 're going to help you . Oh , just like you took care of Dr. Sulemani , huh ? What happened to Dr. Sulemani ... - You want us all to die ! - was a terrible mistake , all right ? We don 't want to hurt you , but you have to come to isolation . I 'm not going there ! I 'm not even infected ! [ coughing ] Or at least I wasn 't until you threw me in with the rest of them ! - Let me help you . - I want the cure ! - We don 't have a cure . - Bullshit ! The Sodra 's in there . You 're keeping it from us , and I 'm not gonna let you ! [ stun baton zapping ] Put him in the fusion lab with Sulemani . [ knocking ] This is Alan Farragut of the CDC . Everybody all right in there ? Thank god you 're here . They almost got in . - What 's your name ? - Philippe Duchamp . What was he saying about you having a cure ? This is ridiculous . There is no cure . [ panel scanning ] Adding growth factors . So the cells will build a critical mass For the genome sequencing . And we stick it in the incubator and wait . So , do the same thing I 've been doing for the last hour . Mmm . Is that supposed to happen ? [ gas hissing ] [ alarm blaring ] Balleseros : So , when you said you were growing the virus ... It wasn 't supposed to grow like that . You mean like it was alive ? Viruses aren 't living organisms . They lack any form of energy or carbon metabolism . Why did it hulk out ? [ sighs ] that 's what we 're gonna find out . Maybe Alan 'll know why it reacted so violently to the growth factor . Wait . Don 't . Don 't what ? Don 't tell anyone . If Hatake gets wind of this , it 'll be the monkey room all over again . I still don 't trust you , But when you 're right , you 're right . Dr. Bryce said Duchamp was working on a ... A cure . Something called Sodra . I can 't discuss that . The research is proprietary . No ! No more secrets ! You promised me transparency . When the satellite comes online , I 'll speak with my board of directors . You will tell me everything I need to know , Or when that satellite comes online , I 'll tell every major news organization on earth what 's happening in this base . You think you 're afraid of the us military ? Wait till you have to keep your secrets from the New York Post . Sodra is an antiviral treatment With an astonishing cure rate . Nearly 100 % . When you say cure , You mean total viral elimination ? With no harm to host cells ? Yes . How many viruses have you tested against ? How wide a range ? - All of them . - H1N1 ? Hepatitis ? HIV ? Hell , smallpox is a virus . There are only two places on earth that have smallpox , The CDC , and Vector Institute in Russia . Actually , there are three . You have been growing lethal viruses For the purpose of developing a cure-all . Sodra works . In all animal test cases , the viruses were killed . The only problem is the mortality rate . How many subjects were killed ? Over 75 % . Which is why Sodra is not an option . Level R has been sealed . We 'll take everyone downstairs , go person to person . Anyone who 's infected stays below , everyone else comes back up . A hundred and forty tests ready to go . You two did good work . If I call your name , Please step over here , take a face shield From Dr. Jordan , and then come stand over here . Doctors Alvarez , Mihalovich , Hassan . Security tech terry . Dr. Sun-lee . Security tech Gruning . Those of you whose names I have called , you 'll follow me . The rest of you will stay with Dr. Jordan and Dr. Walker . Wait ! Why are they getting to go back upstairs ? Because they tested negative for the virus . [ people mumbling ] Please find any empty cot . Make yourselves at home . Dr. Walker and Dr. Jordan will be coming around To collect your medical information . Go ahead . That 's the last group . Daniel : How many ? Forty-three infected . That 's almost a third of the base . I want to bring Drs. Bryce and Sulemani down here . Shouldn 't they stay locked up in the fusion lab ? They already tried to escape once . This floor is secure . There 's no way out . Excuse me . Isolating this level was a good idea . People are settling in . Yeah , but they 're scared . I think a lot of them believed they weren 't sick . Part of them knew . They just didn 't want to believe it . I took Peter 's vitals again . He 's all over the place . I 'm sending his lab work to the CDC as soon as the satellite window opens . Get some more heads in the game When finding a safe treatment and a vaccine . That may be too late for him . Open the door . Let 's get these people into the isolation barracks . [ Sulemani grunting ] [ Sulemani roaring ] [ stun gun zapping ] [ growling ] [ sniffles ] Almost done with the samples ? I was just about to bring them upstairs . [ clattering ] - What 's wrong ? - No , I 'm fine . I just slipped . Are you infected , Sarah ? What ? You were in the drug stockroom with Peter . Did he attack you ? No . I told you . He ran off . That 's right , you told us . You think I would lie about something like that ? Your symptoms . You tried to hide your hand tremor this morning , And you wouldn 't use yourself as a control sample for the rapid-response test . You want me to take the test ? - Fine . - I 'm not judging . I can understand ... I would never risk spreading an infectious disease . That 's completely unethical . What kind of a doctor do you think I am ? It 's clear . Happy ? I 'm sorry . I just thought ... Where 's Alan ? Checking the triage room . Why ? We have a problem . Dr. Sulemani broke out of the fusion lab . - She killed Dr. Bryce . - What ? Dr. Sulemani is on this level ? She 's killing people ! [ panicked screams ] Guard : Stop ! Remain calm ! [ people shouting ] Calm down , everybody ! Calm down ! Relax , get back ! Back ! Everyone remain calm ! Sarah ! Alan ! What 's going on ? Where 's julia ? Get back ! [ growling ] Julia ! [ growling ] [ yelling in fear ] get back ! Back , now ! Out of the hallway ! Get out of the hallway ! Get out of the hallway ! [ heartbeat pounding ] [ gunshot ] [ gasps ] - We need to get in the elevator . Get upstairs . - I can 't . We 'll regroup , get medical supplies for the injured ... I have to stay down here . It 's too dangerous . - We have to go . - Alan , I can 't . What happened ? Where is Dr. Walker ? She 's staying down there . How could you risk leaving her ? Dr. Farragut . Alan ! She 's infected . She has the virus . We need to seal off Level R. It 's the only way to stop the contagion . Leave them down there ? With no food or water ? There 's a week 's worth of supplies . He 's right . We 've ... I have lost control of this situation . We need to seal it off . How can you say that with Dr. Walker still down there ? It 's only until help arrives . When the satellite com link goes operative again , I 'm calling in the army for backup . [ sniffles ] Two hundred and seventy-four . Three nurses in Kikwit of Ebola , Family of six in Sudan , Lassa fever , 10 students in a Heidelberg dorm , Legionnaires ' disease . We 've all had people die on our watch , Alan . It 's part of the job . We save who we can . I could live with 274 because it was the disease that killed them , Not me , until now . I not only killed someone with my own hands today , But it 's very likely ... Julia is very likely ... Way I hear it , you didn 't have much of a choice . What we 're dealing with here , none of us has ever seen . You 're still the best CDC has . I 've seen you pull off miracles . You 'll figure out a way to save ' em both . What happened with the monkey ? It 's inconclusive for now . That 's too bad . I 'm , uh ... I 'm still doing tests . [ beeping ] No . No . No , they should be green , they should all be green ! It doesn 't work . It doesn 't work ! [ ringing ] Observation . Doreen , where 's Alan ? Jules ? Hello ? [ rumbling ] Alan ? Jules ? You there ? Jules ? Hello ? Can anybody hear me ? [ banging on door ] The test doesn 't work ! It doesn 't work !
