 Previously on Continuum : Down ! Everybody down ! Liber8 is fishing for something specific in those safety deposit boxes . What 's happening ? First , I bet a whole new battle strategy . You used the same secret SIM card for a year ? Liber8 wanted me on the hook and ... Save it , Betty . We 're going to use you as bait . Did you really think they were gonna let you play Steve Jobs without a fight ? You need a shark to take on these sharks . Stay away from Alec . Which one ? So I guess we 're not gonna be pals then , huh ? I don 't see how . Don 't forget to do your homework , Tio . Mom , I hate fractions . So did I , but you won 't pass your exams without them . Tio , I thought I told you to close the door ? Daddy ! Hey ! I missed you so much ! Where have you been ? You missed my birthday . I didn 't want to , baby . Hey ! Daddy knows he shouldn 't be here . We talked about staying safe . I have another way . Go play . Go . Her DNA is forged . If they find out that she 's the daughter of a ... A fugitive ? A terrorist ? You don 't believe that . It doesn 't matter what I believe . Belief is the only thing that keeps me going when I 'm dying to be with you both . I mean , Tio needs to learn that belief is ... Belief is only a problem when you 're eavesdropping ! Because this is what happens ! To the right ! On the right ! In , in , in ! There . Clear . All clear sir . His pheromone levels are still ambient . It 's better for the both of you if you were to tell the truth . What 's your connection to him ? Please . He threatened to kill us . We 're good citizens . We 're loyal . And what about you , sweetheart ? Are you loyal to the corporate congress ? I took the oath in school . You want to help your mother out , don 't you ? So tell me , where did he go ? Verta , down . Now . I got him ! Get down . Get down now ! Easy . Down on your knees ! Hash-tag " kiss my ass Fermitas " ? Epic ! The corporate security was primitive at best . Those protesters never should have made it past the lobby . Why paint a bullseye on Fermitas ? Well , that 's an ironic choice of words . Fermitas is one of the world 's largest weapons manufacturers , like the Wal-Mart for warlords . You chasing this one down ? Trespassing and opinionated protests ? It 's not really my department . It seems to me like Liber8 's recruiting methods are paying off . Civil disobedience has been around long before your friends showed up . Carlos ? We 've both travelled long distances , seen things other people can 't know or understand . We could help each other . We 're already on the same team , what more do you want ? Everyone needs a partner . Carlos , Alec ... Those relationships are fracturing . Does Katherine know you 're here ? She asked me to keep an eye on you . That is not an answer . It 's possible his offer was a gesture of goodwill . Goodwill is not in his arsenal . I don 't trust him . Well , he knows I respect you and he knows we talk , so maybe that 's all it is . I appreciate you telling me , though . Most of the people in this cell don 't have families . They found themselves lost in traditional society . Some I recruited off the streets , others found their way to me . For many of them , mother-less . I can fulfil that roll . How do things feel to you ? Liber8 has been quiet since the bank robberies . All that energy in theatre to little or no effect . You feel that ? In a way . Don 't you ? What 's in there ? I 'm glad you 're here . Okay , if I don 't answer this , Lucas is going to wonder why . You think I 'm gonna let you send him some kind of message by the way you answer ? No . I will answer it any way you want . He doesn 't call that often . I said no . What if she 's right ? We 'll pick the moment to use her to our advantage . On our terms . Hey , where 've you been ? I ran into an old friend . Funny , I wasn 't aware you had any of those . What is it ? This department just can 't catch a break . Break and enter . Criminal trespass . Reckless endangerment . Just call me a terrorist . That 's what we all are to you . This is being recorded in front of two witnesses , Agent Cameron and Detective Fonnegra . I will stipulate that you were being sarcastic just then . Don 't repeat that mistake . Now , for the record , you 've already been advised of your rights . What we did was harmless . Nobody got hurt . What you did is an indictable offense ! You could serve time . Now I want to know why . Do I really have to say it after the bloodbath at LGU ? I 'm taking a stand . That shooting , your tactics ... Were necessary and proportionate to the threat . Tell me you want a lawyer . You can 't be serious , dad . Christine , this is as far as I am willing to stretch . Now , say the words . I want a lawyer . Well , we 're not going to be able to sweep that one under the rug . If she isn 't charged , it puts him and the whole department under a microscope . She didn 't do this on her own . Oh yeah , sure , they 're both guilty . But that other kid 's not gonna lead the news . They are . This is lose-lose any way you play it . I think you 're one " lose " short . Do I need my union rep ? There 's no inquisition here , Jack . Yet ... You 're daughter is pro Liber8 . How do you think that looks ? Is this the part where I clear out my desk again ? Just because I 'm your oversight doesn 't mean I 'm not your advocate . You know who I 'm funded by . Intimately . Then you realize I won 't be removed as easily as last time . I think that there 's room for cooperation . Every back needs scratching . What did you have in mind ? Spin . I can 't save her from this . Can 't ? Kick it over to another department . Let Terry handle it . He owes you . Or Brett , for that time you took his son home instead of the precinct . She 's gonna lead the news , Niky . The only thing I can do is treat her like any other kid . She 's not ! She has to be . This will destroy her future . She made a choice . Same way you did five years ago . That is not what we 're talking about ! You know , there was a time when you believed in my principles . There was a time you believed in them , too . I still do . Chrissy will be held accountable . While we 're at it , I 'd like to create a two-stage authentication protocol for any future changes . Sure , I can hold . Oh , wardrobe upgrade I see . Sharp . I 'm evolving . You did great with that board , kid . You held your own against the vipers . Now you need to bring in a mongoose . Last time it was a shark . Whatever . Someone who can strike on your behalf . If that happens to be me ... Uh , well , the thing is , while things settle down with the board , we 're in a bit of a hiring freeze . Now ... You may remember I rescued you from a menial job at a retail store not too long ago . I gave you back your destiny . We had a deal . And this wasn 't it . Oh , come on . You 'll find another tech-savy kid to profit by . We both know that I 'm not unique . You 're kidding me ? You 're the damn architect of the future . As far as Sadtech goes , I 'm prepared to offer you a reasonable settlement . You 're prepared . You 're prepared ! You were a good teacher . Whooo . Oh , this is not how it ends . Well , let me know when you find an alternative . You 've been reading that book on management . What 's the name ? I haven 't ... The " power in silence " ... No , no questions where a statement will do , roll over your enemies with legal power . Hell , you know the author . I don 't . It 's you , kid . It 's you . I 'm glad your department offered me this opportunity . You 're a take-charge guy and we definitely need more of those , especially with our revolving door of mayors . It 's like the seven dwarfs lately . Yeah , happy and dopey are dead , I think grumpy 's in charge now . Funny , that 's a bonus . And don 't worry , we 'll go easy . I 've seen your show , miss Bolton . You don 't do easy . Don 't let Nigel interrupt you , he can be insufferable at times . But my producer says I have to stop cutting him off so much because ... I don 't know . The patriarchy . I 'm sure I can handle Nigel . I do love cops . Your daughter will be treated just like any other kid . Nigel , can you believe this ? No , absolutely not . Inspector Dillon is answerable only to his corporate overlords , certainly not the people and not the city . This is about who my daughter answers to . It 's a serious offense and she will be held accountable . A first offense ? Any parent can understand wanting to use whatever influence they could ... Diana , I don 't get to be any parent . My accountability is 24 / 7 . And , unfortunately for my daughter , by association , hers is too . Under your accountability we 've had scandals , police cover-ups and two dead mayors . How would your daughter 's situation play out different if you weren 't a cop ? If I wasn 't a cop ? There wouldn 't be a story , would there ? So you 're gonna let the system take care of your miscreant daughter ? That 's how the justice system works , yes . Does that include your own private police shooting innocent university students ? And you 're still in charge . If we can 't remove our so-called leaders , Diana , we 're staring fascism in the face . Are you a fascist , inspector ? According to Nigel , I 'm a corporate lackey . It seems contradictory to me . Excellent question . That was better than usual . Kill the feed . They blocked and booby-trapped the doors . Most of the staff were forced out except for inspector Dillon and eight other hostages . How many Liber8 ? Unknown , but witnesses identified both Travis Verta and Lucas Ingram . Ok . We try and talk them out first . In the meantime , get us an entry plan . Easy enough to get in , but they had to know it would be virtually impossible to get out . Your contact 's gone quiet . Can we still do this without her ? Trust me , I 'll find a way . We know how this plays . Your troops are outside shutting down streets , searching for entries into the building from above and below . You 've wired all entries to blow , you 've got a list of demands , you know we 're not gonna meet them . And , if your boy Fonnegra is in charge , he knows we 're not in this to steal a million and fly off to Bolivia . So what is it you want ? You 're about to find out . Yes . It 's him . When did I become such a dick ? It 's not a joke . I 'm not joking . But he 's still ... You 're him , he 's you . How can he be so vindictive ? I don 't see that in you . I travelled through time , win . I got the girl , win . You lost your father . Yeah , but I 'm not like the other me there . I met the guy , I didn 't like him . Escher was still your father . There 's gotta be some regret not knowing him . I 'll try on some regret later . Right now we 've got other problems . Ok , we 've got 30 minutes to give them access to the station 's satellite network before they start killing hostages . And he wants to make a public address . It doesn 't make sense . In the past , when Kagame and Lucas wanted to reach people they simply hacked in . Why take hostages and expose themselves like this ? I don 't know . And we 're never going to let them broadcast anything . There 's a maintenance panel here that leads to the ventilation gangway . We could send in a small team , secure access for a larger force . Shouldn 't we start with negotiation ? Travis is never gonna cut a deal . We negotiate for Dillon . There are no VIP 's in a hostage situation . If I was in there and Dillon was out here , he would make exactly the same call . Have hydro stage a transformer failure , tell them that 's why they 're off the air . It won 't convince them for long . We don 't need that long , just long enough for you to export this entry . Take two guys , see what you can find . You 're going in there also . With them ? No . Do that thing that you do , ok ? Keep a line open for me . Kiera . We want to rescue all of them . I know . We have a two man team ... They 're starting to play their games . It doesn 't matter , I rigged a back-up circuit . It should activate in three ... two ... one . It 's the only magic trick I 've got until we get those satellite codes . Busy day for you . Arrest your own daughter , act the righteous man on TV , get taken hostage . Tonight can only be a let down . What do you want ? What do you think I want ? You 've been chasing me long enough . You know , you talk a great game about freeing the people , but it 's on your terms . Anybody who doesn 't agree with you ... Ends up being arrested by daddy . You 're not that guy , inspector . You 're not getting the gun , you 're not saving the day . Pretty confident in that , are you ? I am . Great . Your boy Fonnegra better get me what I want . I 'm in agreement with your principles , Mr. Verta . Strip the power away from this growing corporate mono-culture . Shut up , Nigel , you 're encouraging a terrorist ! Liber8 has the only clear vision of what lies ahead if we don 't speak up . Mr. Verta and his friends here are the only hope for the future . No more talking heads . Oh , he 'll live . For a while . You might want to block up that hole . Not you . When I watch your show , I 'm ashamed for you . For all your viewers . No awareness , no analysis , just reactionary opinions . You are part of the problem . A pretty , empty puppet . Leading everyone on a merry dance . Tell Fonnegra he doesn 't have much time . Travis ? Are all the hostages still alive ? For now , but the clock is ticking . Full access to those satellites in 15 minutes or I 'll shoot miss Bolton next as a sign of my resolve . Travis , we 're working on getting you the codes , but it 's slow going . The company doesn 't want to give them up . Save the negotiator clichés , Fonnegra . Stalling is only going to lead to something ... Terminal . Yeah . I 'm in . Alright , good . Keep me apprise step by step . Roger that . I think I know why the network isn 't releasing access to the satellites . That whole conglomerate was bought out in 2010 by Fermitas . The weapons-maker owns Channel 1 ? Diana Bolton ran a huge expose on Fermitas a couple years ago . Fermitas announced an intention to sue , then dropped the suit . People figured it was because it wasn 't winnable , but really ... If you can 't muzzle the press , you buy them . Private acquisition . Private acquisition ? So nobody knows ? Lucas might have found out . Did he ? Not from me , I swear it . What 's your twenty ? Security room , watching Travis and Lucas storm the castle . All this effort to broadcast a manifesto ? Well , here 's some breaking news for ya . Fermitas owns the station . Private buying private . The safety deposit boxes . That 's how Liber8 found out about the sale . Garza and Sonya aren 't here . What , two-prong attack ? Makes sense . Carlos ? Stay in touch . We have a problem . My men are inside but access to the studio is rigged with explosives . Bomb squad ? We 've never seen anything like this . Sir , the corporate rep is here . Give me a second . You Benedict ? Yes . Fermitas ? Yes . Good . One man has been shot and there will be others unless we give Liber8 at least part of what they demanded . Terrorists want the codes to the station 's satellite . Detective , I 'm sorry , that company has a strict policy against negotiating with terrorists . So you 're perfectly content with being accomplices to murder ? That is Fermitas 's business , isn 't it ? I don 't want to waste your time . Liber8 emptied at least one Fermitas safety deposit box . This could be an opportunity for you to retrieve that information . Otherwise , Liber8 still has whatever it is that you lost , and they will use it . It 's like baiting a hook . Yeah , we got a problem , they 're not gonna go for it . You keep me as collateral and everybody else walks . No deal . What do you think happens next , inspector ? What 's happening , Travis ? Nothing good . The satellite . You have access . Transponder codes are being fed to you now . Live to lie another day . You ok ? No , I 'm not . I even feel badly for Nigel . That 's how I know I 'm a wreck . Good to go . Re-tasking the satellite will take 20 minutes . We 're live in three ... Two ... Most of you think you know me . Travis Verta . Liber8 . Killer . Terrorist . Lunatic . And now here I am , interrupting your programming . That 's some programming that needs to be interrupted . Companies we used to own , own us . Governments that used to be voted in , are bought . And a supposedly " free press " who could expose all this are now owned by these very corporations . Our children 's lives are at stake . The future is coming . It wants only one thing from them : Obedience . That doesn 't look good . It 's not . Lucas added some 2077 into the equation . Alec , your timing couldn 't be better . Can you have the Sadtech servers run an IED bomb search , firing schematics ... I 'm in my office at Piron . Of course . Of course you are . You thought I was other me , didn 't you ? You knew . I was hoping you didn 't , but I wish I was surprised . Alec , I needed to protect you , and I thought this was the best ... Everyone 's trying to protect me , but you scratch that protection and it 's self-interest underneath . Alec , I trust you . I know you . The other one betrayed me . How ? I want to make it up to you , and I will . But right now , people 's lives are at stake . I thought we were friends , but I guess we were just business . But that 's ok , I 'm learning a lot in business . No . No , Alec , it was never business . Never . Well , it is now . You know , once a partner betrays you there 's only two choices : Buy them out , or shut them down . I 'm sorry . Green wire . What ? Goodbye , Kiera . No , Alec ? Alec ? Woah , leave it alone . What is it ? It 's just something I 'm working on for Kiera . I could use one of those . I thought whiskey wasn 't your thing . Yeah , I 'm evolving . I 'm experiencing some profound déjà-vu . Seriously ? ! That scotch is older than you are . Déjà-vu how ? Come on , kid . It 's me . My vision is better than 20 / 20 . Even when I am seeing double . Did you even have a plan ? Chronologically speaking . You 're a time-traveller , kid . You scaled Everest . Explored the Marianas Trench . One giant step for mankind . A brave new world , and you did it all for what ? Pussy ? I never expected you to have any empathy or decency . Not on that timeline or on this one . Well , that 's good because you 'll never be disappointed . Unlike me . You remember when we used to have arc ? A functioning partnership ? A future ? This little do-over of yours ruined my life . Yeah , well it hasn 't been in vain . Nobody 's life needs to be ruined . That just depends on what you 're capable of . Kid , I 'm flattered . But I 'm not the only one you 're dancing with . And you haven 't even begun to see Emily 's do-see-do . He gave us the codes . The codes might allow for some control of the satellite , but not outbound communication or the downlink . Nobody is gonna see Travis 's broadcast . If he figures that out ... He 'll think we played him . Your codes were bullshit , but the corpses of those innocent people will be real . And that 's on you and your company . We have private forces . Mercenaries . Allow us to assist you . That 's never gonna happen . Any luck ? I hope so . Ok , it 's neutralized . Standby for ERT . Send them in . We need a diversion in one minute . The codes are incomplete . There 's no phase 2 without them . Your friends outside don 't seem to think I 'm serious . Let 's wake them up . Stand them all up , make them face the wall . Move it ! Don 't do this . It 's already done . No talking . Full access to that satellite right now , or I start dropping bodies . Dillon 's first . Now , or never . Send them in ! Team one , go ! Find them . Kill them . My NASA source helped me hack the codes . It should allow for full data routing to the satellite . Betty ? I know you can get a hold of Lucas . Carlos ... Send him those codes , now . Or they all start dying . Tango down . Friendlies . You 've got two friendlies here ! [ Coughs [ Wait ! Our friends sent the full codes , I can get some system access now . Is this another trick ? No . Protocols are good , up-linking between satellites . Garza . You 're clear . Let 's go . We 've got 90 seconds . Go ! Team two sit-rep ? Closing on studio . Every one of us is under constant surveillance . What that surveillance means is that our every utterance becomes part of a court case that can be used against us when the government , or a company like Fermitas , decides we 're too much trouble . Ugh ! Move ! Straight through ! We got them . Four here . Give me the drive ! Any word from Garza ? It turns out you were right . Fermitas has been spying on most of the big corporations . She 's pulled a drive with a treasure trove of espionage that should make bringing down the corporate congress much easier . Including Piron ? Alec Sadler won 't know what hit him . That 's what I like to hear . You 'll also be happy to know that your message made it onto the airwaves . Let 's hope someone 's listening . He does not look happy . Oh , he is not . Betty leaned on someone at NASA . Liber8 unlocked one satellite to get to another . To what end ? Well , Fermitas has an isolated server farm called Black Opal . There 's no hard lines in or out , there 's no links to the outside world except ... Via satellite . So it 's silo 'd off from the world . Another safety deposit box . You should have come clean about black opal . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Liber8 is clever . You cannot fight them unless you know their end game . What did they get ? You did a great job here tonight , officers . Maybe we should just skip to the end maybe they can start calling us protectors . You know we wouldn 't have saved those hostages if it hadn 't have been for Betty . She made all the difference . She made us play into Liber8 's hands . Until she helps us nail those bastards , I can 't look past that . The terrorists won a small victory by getting their delusional rant to air , but they did not defeat anyone . One man deserves credit for embodying the best that we can be . Inspector Jack Dillon . He saved my life , and those of my colleagues . And for that , I will be eternally grateful . Thank you , Jack . Your courage inspires us all . I think someone has a bit of a crush . Yeah , he could use a little silver lining . He got that already . There were two heroes last nigh , Dillon and you . You are a leader of men , Carlos Fonnegra . Yeah , men . I followed your orders to create that diversion . Maybe there 's a little hope for you after all . Mom 's gonna pay my bail . I shouldn 't even be here . Let me have a moment with my daughter . Tell Chapman to cut the recording . Ok , we 're secure . How 's your arm ? It 's nothing . You 're so hardcore , dad . Are you sure about this ? It 's too late now . No , it 's not . Dad , the course is set . So how 's this gonna work ? I 've used my influence to push for a lighter sentence . Three months should do it . You sure they 'll come for me ? Sympathetic daughter of the guy in charge of catching them ? You 're like candy on a stick . Sweetheart , you make Liber8 believe you support their cause , you get inside , and once you 're there we 'll bring them down together . What he said on that broadcast , I do agree with some of it . That 's good . It 'll protect you if you believe it . Just don 't go all Patty hearst on me , ok ? Who ? I know who she is , I won 't . I believe in you , dad . Ok . I 'm gonna walk out of here now . You should really let me have it . You son of a bitch ! I hate you , you hear me ? I hate you ! How can you do this to me ? ! What kind of a father are you ? ! That 's a hell of a sacrifice . Doing the right thing doesn 't come cheap . Sir ? She may mean that now , but she is your child . In time you will get her back . What do you know about it ? They 'll be coming for me soon . But I 'm gonna see you again , right ? I love you , baby . Sometimes in life you 've gotta make sacrifices . But you know the good thing ? We 're doing this together . It 's the only way you and mommy can truly be safe . Loyal after all . Do you know what we call citizens who help us apprehend terrorists ? No ? Patriots . This pin will let everyone know how special and loyal you truly are . It 's a mark of honour . You should be very proud . It 's ok , baby . It 's ok . You did the right thing . You did the right thing .
