 Julia : Previously on Helix ... That 's his ex-wife ? He never talks about her or his brother . That 's probably because he caught her and his brother in bed together . I just cracked the test . I swabbed three security techs for control samples , all clear . Then I ran the test on known infectees . All green , positive for infection . Duchamp was working on a cure , something called Sodra . - How many subjects were killed ? - Over 75 % . [ roaring ] [ people yelling in fear ] [ gunshot ] I have to stay down here . It 's too dangerous . We have to go . Alan , I can 't . She 's infected . She has the virus . We need to seal off Level R. It 's the only way to stop the contagion . Leave them down there ? He 's right . We need to seal it off . The test doesn 't work . It doesn 't work ! [ detonator beeping ] Alan . Jules ? You there ? Jules ? [ light buzzing ] Man : They shut off communications with us . They want to starve us out of here . Hatake and the CDC have abandoned us . There is no treatment , no cure . We are forced to take matters into our own hands . Julia : The CDC hasn 't abandoned us . They 'll be back as soon as they figure out What 's going on and how to help us . They are not coming back . They left us down here to die . Only we will not go down without a fight . On this level , there is a control node for the co2 removal system . We can override it . Can 't they just filter in air from outside ? It 's 60 below out there , And everything past the main entrance is sealed up Like a spaceship to prevent contamination . But if we shut off the oxygen scrubbers , They run out of air upstairs in six hours max . So do we . Level r is much larger . Fewer people , bigger air pocket . Enough to outlast them if they want to , How do you say it , play chicken . This is a terrible idea . We need to focus on re-establishing communication . This is communication . The base is full of hazardous materials And an even more hazardous infection . You 're endangering every single person in this facility . Thank you for your input , Dr. Walker , But it 's time , I think , you found a new place to bunk . [ breathing with respirator ] [ breathing with respirator more quickly ] [ breathing with respirator quickly ] [ silence ] Alan : Do you even know if this was an accident , or was it intentional ? Daniel : I have my people investigating as we speak . Well , that 's just great . And how do we control this outbreak Without communication with the outside world ? You have access to the top minds and equipment in the world here . That sounds like you don 't plan to repair the satellite dish . It took a top-tier military contractor Two months in scaffolds to put up that equipment . It doesn 't just get fixed . So how long before somebody notices we 've gone dark ? We have periodic resupply drops . Am I the only one here alarmed by this ? We have people down on Level R , including one of my own , Locked up with a week 's worth of supplies . You 're the one who wanted to seal that floor . - Temporarily ! - When I thought we could call for reinforcements . If this is a long-term situation , We have to provide those people with some standard of care ! I barely had the manpower To stop one of those vectors from infecting half the base . We can 't risk re-opening that floor . We are dealing with something we 've never seen before . So , we just abandon the sick and the dying ? Yes . [ theme music playing ] [ sighs ] [ loud knocking on door ] Shit ! [ loud knocking on door ] - Dr. Jordan . - Yes . Um , Dr. Van Eigem . You tested me yesterday . Can I come in ? Um , sure . How can I help you ? I don 't want to go to Level R. You won 't . You tested negative . And you haven 't gotten any false results ? Any variances ? No . I designed the test myself . Are you sure ? Yes , of course . I mean ... Are you really sure ? Hatake 's not budging . He intends to leave the infected downstairs With whatever food and supplies they can scrounge until there 's a treatment . Poor Julia . What happened to calling in reinforcements ? With the com-link down , we 're blacked out and dead to the world . He did mention something about periodic resupply drops . He say how periodic they are ? No . The man 's playing his own game And he isn 't sharing the playbook . You know that . We 're on our own . All we have going for us is our rapid response test to the virus . Sorry . I had to babysit a PCR assay . Doreen : And the dog ate my homework . Hey . We 're all feeling the pressure , all right ? But we need to stay on point here . There are a lot of people in for a lot of suffering if we don 't step it up . Doreen , what 's your progress on the source ? Strong possibility of zoonotic transfer . Only question is , was it a monkey to human , Or the other way around ? I need more than that . Sarah ? I 'm picking up Walker 's analysis of the Narvik-A and B samples . I have the DNA sequencers going 24 / 7 , And I 'm running multiplex ligation-dependent probe Amplifications for all known virulence factors . Good . The sooner we have a viable treatment option , The sooner we get Julia back . Just remember that . I 'm gonna check on my brother . [ device beeping ] [ groaning in pain ] I 'm afraid the morphine isn 't helping . I know the symptoms , Dr. Duchamp . He 's dying . We need to start the Sodra immediately . The Sodra treatment has never been tested on humans beings . Not once . That doesn 't mean it won 't work . It 's a universal antiviral . I wish we had time for testing , but we don 't . If it were your brother , Wouldn 't you try everything you could ? Killing a human being with an untested treatment , It 's unconscionable . [ groaning ] It 's up to next of kin to give informed consent When the patient has left no clear directives , Even in the case of a highly experimental treatment . I consent . Major Balleseros . Heard about your satellite dish . Hell of a thing . Are you out of your mind ? [ sighs ] I like to think I 'm bringing a little sanity to the proceedings . Keeping the word from getting out on this shit-show Is one of my imperatives . I also have imperatives . I 've been waiting to hear what yours might be since I got here , You know , before the CDC or one of your wingnut scientists Shares it with the rest of the world . My work here is protected , even from you . Not anymore . You made a virus that does everything other than what you advertised . You don 't have the intellectual capacity to evaluate my work . You want things to get easier ? Produce the results you promised our employers . Automated voice : Environmental alert . What 's going on ? Atmosphere sensor alert . Environmental alert . Co2 levels are rising . Someone 's shut off the oxygen scrubbers . Is that bad ? Only if you like breathing . The control node is 30 meters from the old thermogenics lab . It was engineered with analog override switches for the oxygen scrubbers . System malfunction ? They used a hardwired code . My guess is they want to force us down to Level R. It 's a blackmail play to get us to negotiate . How much time ? Six hours before co2 levels hit the redline . In two hours we can expect to start suffering headaches , - Nausea , vomiting ... - All right . Let 's get some weapons , and go negotiate . They 'll have an ambush ready . We 'd be taken hostage . Speak for yourself . What do we do ? We do nothing . I will handle this personally . Like you 've handled everything else ? I 'll take a security team downstairs . No security team , just you and me . You 're going ? It took many years to build this base . I won 't sit by while someone tries to destroy it . Open up . Just get it over with . Am I infected ? Headache is a very general symptom . It 's not as if you 're hallucinating Or experiencing labile emotions and uncontrollable anger . Not yet . Test says you 're clear . What about this ? It 's possible that it 's a psychosomatic response to stress . This is not in my head ! Don 't you get that ? You need to calm down . That 's easy for you to say . You 're not the one with a deadly disease . Don 't let them send me down there . Please ? If I go down there , I 'll never come back up . [ crying ] Hey . We 're not just sending people down there to die . I 'm sorry . That 's what you think . You don 't know Hatake . And you don 't know Dr. Farragut . He 's not gonna let anything happen to us . I hope I can trust you , Sarah . Alan : Breathe . Breathe , peter . [ peter groaning ] [ rapid breathing ] It 's okay . [ device beeping ] Peter , it 'll be okay . It 'll be okay . Something wrong with the dose regulator ? Is there anything I can tell you to make you stop ? [ beeping ] No . Breathe . Breathe . [ sighs ] We out of air yet ? I 'm still breathing . Did you get any results from that sample I gave you ? You want answers , I want answers . See how that works ? There 's no reason I shouldn 't be telling Alan what 's what . You want me to keep working on your little pet project ? Give me a reason . Maybe you haven 't noticed , but there are people That don 't want what 's inside this base getting out . Ugh . I haven 't had nearly enough sleep , coffee , Or cigarettes to deal with any more of this Fox Mulder crap from you . Doreen . If you tell another living soul what I 'm about to say , I end up in a hurt locker . [ scoffs ] You mean as opposed to this paradise ? I 'm with a special investigative section in the pentagon . I was sent as part of an internal inquiry For a black-bag research operation . Well , why didn 't you say so in the first place ? Don 't make me regret this . Okay . So , your superiors think the virus is a weapon ? Weapons get rid of the enemy . This thing seems to make them even more dangerous . What we have is a hidden base Conducting secret research outside of the reach of any government . No one knows the bigger picture . And you think you do ? I heard these germ docs over at Fort Detrick Talking about using viruses to move DNA around . Gene delivery vehicles ? Yeah , that was it . What if this virus is acting like a freight train Pulling some weird-ass DNA behind it ? Maybe you 're not as dumb as you look . I 'll run the virus through the gene sequencer . Try to remember that we are running out of air . [ crash nearby ] [ growling ] [ roaring ] [ screeching ] [ panting ] You can take the gas mask off . The virus isn 't airborne . Are you experiencing any symptoms ? Nausea , fever , black mucus discharge ? I promise ... I 'm not like him . If I start going crazy , You have my permission to beat me to death with that stick That you stuck in the door . Just right now , I 'd like to thank my rescuer . Please . I 'm keeping my gloves on . Fair enough . What 's your name ? - Jaye . - Just Jaye ? I 'm an MD , PhD , blah , blah , blah . Got an alphabet soup after my name if that makes any difference . It doesn 't . I 'm Julia . Julia Walker . I know who you are . You 're that CDC chick . I kinda like the sound of that . I hate to be a crappy house guest , But you got anything to eat or drink around here ? Look around . You just got the grand tour . You like it ? All in all , I 'd rather be in Montana . Hatake stashed MRE lockers in strategic locations . You know , in case the shit ever hit the fan . Oh , I 'd say this qualifies . Yeah . [ laughs ] yeah . Two hours , 36 minutes , the first two infusions Of the Sodra antiviral have been administered Under the modified Duchamp protocols . Patient marginally stabilizing . Is this how you want to go out ? The kid who had the balls to go through Dad 's pockets when he was passed out ? The kid who talked me down from a 50 / 50 to a 70 / 30 split And made it seem like he was doing me a favor ? I would not have survived If you hadn 't been there . What that man ... What that man did to us ... I owe you this . And you owe me For that night . Automated voice : Environmental alert . [ alarm beeping ] Environmental alert . [ Dr. Van Eigem sighs ] My head hurts . Do you have anything stronger ? I 've given you the highest dosage of NSAID ... NSAIDs I can . I 'm not worried about hurting my liver . Did you recheck your rapid response tests ? I did . There 's nothing wrong with it . You said you 'd step up the care packages . It 's not enough to Skype with me a couple times a week . Excuse me ? The silences , The pauses . Why don 't you just tell me her name and get it over with ? There 's tons of guys on this ice hole who 'd love to be with me . Who are you talking to ? My ex-boyfriend if he doesn 't step up his game . Did you hear me ? 'Cause I 'm not gonna wait around for you to figure it out . Don 't go . You 're hallucinating , Which means that our test doesn 't work . - I need to tell Alan . - Please . You can 't tell anyone . I can 't keep you here . You 're sick . I 'm not the only one . How long have you known about your tumor ? I don 't have a tumor . Please . I 'm an oncologist . Slurring speech , tremors , Prescription vial of gabapentin . I haven 't told anyone . Doctor-patient privilege goes both ways . It 'll be our secret . Balleseros : How long does this usually take ? Doreen : As long as it takes . You can 't rush these things . This is the real deal . Building blocks of life and all that . It 's hard to be patient listening to your crappy music . [ computer beeps ] - Please tell me that means something . - Oh , yes . Say hello to my little friend . An RNA map of the virus should show us what 's under the hood . Weird . I 've never seen this combination before . Meaning ? Meaning someone designed this virus , And it sure as shit wasn 't mother nature . We 're looking at the hand of man here . Proteins specifically designed to bind the virus to specific cells So it can deliver its genetic message . What 's the message ? Can you tell what they designed it to do ? No . But I can find out . [ keys clacking ] [ medical device beeping ] Hey , Sarah . How is he ? At least he has bottled oxygen , Unlike the rest of us . You okay ? You feeling the co2 yet ? No . I , um ... I was going over the rapid response test . I was ... I was rechecking them . And , um ... Peter : Alan . Peter ? Peter , can you see me ? Of course I can see you . Who 's the pretty one ? Sarah . Sarah , this ... This is my brother peter . Sarah , you had something you wanted to tell me about the rapid response test ? It doesn 't work . What do you mean it doesn 't work ? I was archiving the results , And I found a flaw in the cell line cycling protocol . We can 't trust any of the results . Are there any infected on this floor ? No . No one 's reported in , But we can 't trust that everyone downstairs is a positive . I 'm really sorry I let you down . - And Walker . - No . I made a mistake . There 's no excuse . Right now you get to fix it . Have you isolated the flaw ? I 'm working on it . All right , work faster . Then find Hatake and tell him we need to implement A base-wide retesting protocol , then open Level R , All right ? The sooner this gets done , The sooner we can get those people out of there . Right . Security 's checking in . People are reporting headaches , fatigue , Which are early signs of co2 poisoning . We need to get down to Level R and handle this . What am I looking at ? Automated voice : Access granted . I don 't know quite how to say this , But things have gone downhill Since you were infected . No shit ? Peter . I know you 're weak , But I have so many questions About your work here , about this ... This place . Seventy-thirty ? You 're not taking any of the risk . What ? Okay , all right , 60-40 , final offer . You never know what 's gonna come out of the old man 's pockets . - Sixty-forty is just fine with me , buddy . - Okay . You go hide . I 'll find you when it 's done . I will stay right here with you if that 's okay . It 's dangerous . I know . It 's okay . It 's okay . Fleming 's commander Jamaica rum . That was the old man 's poison . You 'd think a mean scumbag like him would be a bourbon drunk . You ever try that stuff ? He 's dead . Been gone a long time . He can 't Hurt us anymore . Something about being trapped in this place . I see that bastard around every corner . Snake eyes . [ pounding ] hey ! Let us in ! Not so loud , Jaye . Man : Shut the hell up ! You 're gonna attract the vectors ! Then open the door . We don 't have any room . Bullshit . Let us in . Please ! Shh ! Do you hear that ? Let us in ! Shut up . Come on . [ growling nearby ] How is he ? Well , he won 't talk about much of anything but our childhood . Delirium ? Uh , no . I mean , he 's in and out of it , but , uh , I don 't know , it 's hard to say . He just ... He 's stuck back there . Are these the viral load comparisons ? They were declining after the Sodra infusions took hold , but now ... This looks like the virus is coming back , With a vengeance . You knew we were taking a chance . I 'm sorry . But it was working . I mean , maybe we could ... We could be more aggressive . We 've already given him a larger dose than any of my studies . Any more could trigger a cascade of antiviral toxicity . There 's nothing we can do . How long does he have ? If you 've got anything to say to him ... Take this time and make the most of it . Peter , we need to talk about ... The treatment we 're trying is ... Aw , hell , I know that tone . Highly experimental . Every time mom turn a turn , You 've have that sad-sack look on your face . How bad ? Aw , Jesus , don 't sugar-coat it . I 'm sorry . I have to ask some questions . There are things going on here that we can 't explain . And you think I can ? Some of it may have to do with your research . Well , you were the genius in the family , and you couldn 't Figure out that I 've been doing shit work up here ? What do you mean ? I thought Hatake recruited me to do next-gen stuff . This was gonna be my ticket to the show . Just tell me about the virus . Hatake had me doing animal necropsies for the other docs . I was never the alpha . The only part of my life Hatake seemed interested in was ... Julia . How did he know about her ? He 's got ears everywhere . I mean , he was the one around here who ever wanted to talk . [ coughing ] I drove you away . I owed you better . No , you know I 'm right . I could have been there , but I didn 't ... I didn 't want to owe you anymore , not for dad , not for anyone . Don 't do that . You were the one who stuck up for me . You were the one running interference with the old man . I envied you . That 's why I wasn 't there . From the moment she showed up ... That 's why the two of you ended up together . That night ... It wasn 't just that night . It was before . Every once in a while , when we 'd travel to some conference . Even after you ended things , we knew we ... We couldn 't stop seeing each other . That 's why I came up here . I couldn 't stay away . I went as far as I could . I 'm so sorry . [ flatline tone ] He 's crashing ! Sarah : Dr. Hatake ? Gabapentin . Gabapentin , come on , come on ! Duchamp : Three hours after completion of Sodra protocol , Patient experienced cardiac arrest Congruent with overwhelming viremic sepsis , This time with concomitant catastrophic decrease In brainwave activity . Patient has been fitted with a defib vest , Is now intubated And on artificial respiration in a vegetative state . It 's unlikely that the patient will regain consciousness Or be able to maintain his own life without the ventilator . Ah ! Ah ! [ Groaning in pain ] I can feel their hands on me , Dragging me away . Please make them stop . Shh , close your eyes , close your eyes . Doctor 's orders . [ groaning in pain ] Everything 's gonna be fine . I 'm not gonna let them take you , I promise . [ gasps ] I knew I could trust you to protect me from them . Did I tell you , or did I tell you ? There 's enough food here for weeks . Do you know what this means ? Cheese bread three meals a day ? Good thing you know your way around this base . Looks like I 'm not the only one . What is it ? It 's my initials . Julia Lynn Walker . Hell of a coincidence . No , it isn 't . It can 't be . Can 't be what ? It 's my writing . The way I wrote my name and ... The flower evening primrose . It was my favorite when I was a girl . It grows in Montana . I have notebooks full of them . I did this . I 've been here before . Automated voice : Environmental alert . Environmental alert . Hatake : Gentlemen . We need to have a talk . Put down the weapons . They won 't be necessary . Forgive us if we don 't agree . Depriving this base of oxygen is murder . What about locking us up with barely any supplies and no treatment ? It is only a temporary quarantine . [ coughing ] Maybe you should stay down here with us . Then we 'll see your definition of " temporary . " You are right . I 'm not standing in your shoes . I had to make a hard choice . You 're playing with our lives . I 'm not . Your lives are worth no less than mine . You 're lying . Why else would I come down here with only one man ? You could kill us both . If we fight we die . Together ... We survive . We have your word ? My word of honor . [ system starting up ] Thank you . They were about to give up . Why did you ... Why ? They gave up , but they did not surrender . They were willing to kill us . Maybe not today . But ... They would not have stopped . We could have just locked them up . You shot an unarmed woman less than 36 hours ago . To protect you . I just returned the favor . Dispose of the bodies and go back upstairs . You 're not coming ? I have something to take care of . Dr. Walker ? Why take the risk ? I need you upstairs . As far as I can see , the genetic message inside the virus Is a massive splice job , real cutting edge From animal and human species . And here 's where it gets interesting . How is that interesting ? Because it 's completely unknown . Ran it against every genetic sequence known to man . This is a completely unidentified single strand . Why would anyone want to put that inside of us ? I don 't have a clue , but it scares the crap out of me . There 's some trait that they want us to manifest , And this disease is a way to force it in . The people who designed this virus want to change us From the inside out . I mean , I may not be perfect , But I like what I am . I like you too , Doreen . Well , we 're not infected yet . We 'll take this to Alan , get to the bottom of it , Stop whoever 's doing this Before they cause any real damage . Hey , what 's wrong ? [ Doreen chuckles ] This was your idea to begin with . You were right . I know . [ Doreen typing ] Ah ! Sorry , Doreen . I 'm so sorry . [ rats squeaking ]
