 Stephen : My name is Stephen Jameson . I 'm one of the Tomorrow People . They call our powers the three t 's . Telepathy ... Cara : Stephen ? Stephen : Telekinesis ... And Teleportation . There is a shadow war going on between us and Ultra ... No ! The secret organization that hunts us . The only way to keep my species from going extinct Is to find my father . And the only way to do that is by working for the enemy . Russell : Previously on the Tomorrow People ... Stephen . I 'll check on Astrid for you . I 've seen what Ultra does to humans who know too much . Don 't want to make a mess , do we ? [ Screaming ] How long do I have to stay here for ? Until it 's safe . But you have to let us protect you . You 're the reason I need protection in the first place . So , what happened with your mom 's boyfriend ? There were times that I was sure he was using his powers . Maybe it wasn 't him using powers . It 's Luca . He 's breaking out . [ siren wailing ] Drop the money ! Hands in the air ! I said hands in the air ! [ pulsating ] [ gun clicking ] [ bullets firing ] [ engine revving ] [ breathing heavily ] Stephen , heading out ? Yeah . Running late . Astrid 's father called again . He 's really worried . He hasn 't heard from her in 24 hours . You don 't seem concerned at all . What are you asking me , mom ? Where is she ? I know she wouldn 't go anywhere without telling you . All I can say is that Astrid 'll be home soon . Okay ? I need you to trust me . Hey , this is not some game , you 're messing with people 's lives here . Now , if you need my help , you know you can come to me . I know . I know , and I would . But I gotta go . [ groaning ] This is just sad . You rescue Astrid from Ultra , you can 't even clean yourself up . Are you here to make fun of me ? Me ? No , you look pretty pitiful enough already . Hand it over . You were right . About Astrid . God , that 's good to hear . I can always stop . Or I can be a better patient . How 's she doing anyway ? She 's fine . You saved her life . Guess the two of you are pretty close , huh ? When I was lying there , Bleeding out , Not sure if I was gonna make it ... It wasn 't Astrid I was thinking about . You lost a lot of blood . Stephen , I know I 've told you before how I feel about ... You sent a kill squad after my best friend , tried to gun her down , In cold blood . She is a civilian ! Astrid finch was seen consorting with a known rogue paranormal . [ trembling ] She met John through me , accidentally . Before we parted ways . She is no threat to Ultra . Well , I wish that was the case . Sadly , it 's not . Any coordination between a paranormal and a human poses a threat . It is my job to eliminate those threats . It 's standard protocol . I agreed to work for Ultra , you promised my friends and family would be safe . And our deal did not include you revealing your powers to a high school girl . Now , perhaps if you had shown a little bit more discretion , She wouldn 't be in this situation , would she ? Okay , maybe it is my fault . But I still need to erase her name from the system . Not gonna happen . Then I quit . Really ? Is that wise ? You think you can strong-arm me ? After what you just did ? You and me . We 're done . Look , I just want to know if my dad is okay . Tim : Without making any emotional judgments , I can tell you that he spent most of the morning checking various hospitals To see whether you 've been admitted as a jane doe . I ... I want to speak to him . And my phone doesn 't work down here , so can you please call him for me Tim ? That is your name , right ? Can you do it ? - If you 're asking whether it 's within my capabilities ... The answer is no . Don 't take it out on Tim . He can only do what he 's programmed to do . Then program him to call my dad . [ sighing ] Sorry Astrid . Can 't do it . It 's not safe . As long as you 're still a target for Ultra , you gotta stay off the grid . Look , I 'm sorry . Tim 's protocols are in place to keep us safe . You know , as leader , Cara is the only one who could ... So , Cara 's the person I need to be speaking to ? I was just gonna find you . Here , it 's the warmest of the bunch . I need to call home . I 'm sorry , Astrid . That can 't happen . You guys don 't get it . I 'm not like you . I can 't talk to my dad telepathically , And right now , he does not even know if I 'm alive . And that is the only thing that is keeping him safe . You should get comfortable . You could be here a while . She 's not gonna last down here . It 's only a matter of time . Can 't you pull some strings at Ultra ? No , I quit . What ? They were putting Astrid in the crosshairs , Jedikiah went too far this time . Any other bombshells ? There is . I ... I think I felt a breakout this morning , Like I was in her head , telepathically . For whatever reason , I could feel that she was a girl . So you felt her ? The same way that you felt me ? Not what I meant . Like I was seeing the world through her eyes while I was sleeping . Through her eyes ? How ? I don 't know , maybe this breakout and I were ... Well , I 'll ... I 'll keep a lookout . Maybe I can get a read on her too . Okay . I 'm glad you 're here . Massive tele-signature spiked on Wall Street last night . Robbery at the fed . But the readings for this breakout were like nothing that we 've ever seen . I 'd be less concerned with the supposed breakout , And more concerned about the absence of your nephew . Where is Mr. Jameson ? See that word implies he had a choice in the matter . Yes . Well , you and I both know he 's a little hardheaded . Like his father . But he 'll come around eventually . Oh , I think it 'll be far sooner than that . What do you say , Stephen ? Have you got a minute ? An unfortunate debacle , Ultra going after your friend . Especially since the whole thing could have been avoided had you come to me sooner . What are you saying , you 're on my side ? It 's all my uncle 's fault ? I understand the burdens you bear , Stephen . All of them . And I want to help you . Okay . Clear Astrid 's name . Call off the kill squad . Indeed I could . What 's the catch ? I need you to bring me a rogue breakout . Her name is Cassandra Smythe . Extremely powerful and dangerous . Okay , but there 's gotta be other agents with more experience . Well , you 've shown a certain knack for solving problems other agents can 't . If successful , you have my word no harm shall come to your friend . So ... Do we have a deal , Stephen ? I still don 't get it . Why go through all this trouble for one breakout ? Because she 's my daughter . Stephen : Meet Cassandra Smythe , the founder 's daughter , And bank robber extraordinaire . Who robs a bank and doesn 't make off with the cash ? She must have known Ultra would be tracking her . A hot paranormal mess . Mmm . Must have gotten her looks from her momma . It 's a mess the founder wants me to clean up . So , all we have to do is turn her over to the old man and Astrid 's clear ? It 's easier said than done . The way she teleported those police cars without touching them , I 've never seen anything like it . John : She 's a synergist . Russell : What ? No way . It would explain why I can 't get a read on her . Someone want to catch me up here ? A synergist is a breakout whose parents are both paranormal . The theory is , they have heightened powers . It makes sense . If the founder is Cassandra 's father , Maybe her mom is one of us too . I mean , if she is , you know , a synergist , what does that mean for us ? Russell : Nothing . If we can 't figure out how to find her off that drive . Russell : Irene ... I 'm gonna check on Astrid . Let me know if you get a hit on Cassandra . Stephen ? Why don 't you keep this between us for now ? You don 't want to get Astrid 's hopes up . Yeah , okay . You on board with all this ? Making deals with the founder ? You don 't think Stephen 's getting ahead of himself ? What ? You don 't like the chances of Stephen finding a super powerful breakout , Capturing her and then trading her for Astrid 's freedom With a mysterious paranormal who 's name we don 't even know ? So why are you letting him do this ? 'Cause we don 't have a choice . That 's impressive , honey . For my next trick , I 'm going to make the magic fork ... [ doorbell ringing ] [ fork clattering ] Oops , I 'm still working on that one . I got it . You got a minute ? I 'd like to talk . About what ? There are those within our organization Who don 't take too kindly to quitters , Stephen . The founder ? Is this when you remind me what happened to my dad ? You can save it . I 'll take my chances . Given your history , I would expect you to be a little bit more cautious . And if he 's contacted you in any way , I would expect you to tell me . I don 't have to tell you anything . I don 't work for you anymore . I 'm sorry about what happened to Astrid , I truly am , But I am warning you , the founder is nobody to be trifled with . And any promises he makes you , are meant to serve his purposes alone . If you are truly sorry , you would do something about it . Thank you for your concern . Regardless of what you think of me , I 've never lied to you . What was that about ? Why didn 't your uncle come in ? I quit working for him today . Did something happen between you two ? [ sighing ] I 'm just not sure his company is the right fit for me anymore . So what does that have to do with Astrid ? I heard him say her name . Nothing . I was just saying , The reason I quit is because I want to spend more time with my friends . You know , like her . Friends who are hiding under a rock some place ? Come on Stephen , you 're gonna have to do better than that . I never should have let you get close to him . I thought it might bring you some peace with your dad 's disappearance if you did , But instead , working for your uncle has just turned you into your father . Now you 're living some secret life , apart from your family . Just like he did . And then he left us . Hey . Any leads on the founder 's wild child ? Uh , technically , we 've got like 20 . Cara : Her tele-signature 's all over the island . It 's why I can 't get a read on her , it 's like she 's everywhere all at once . We got these hits at hotels across the city . The Waldorf , the Essex , the Quin , the Plaza . A woman of style and substance . You taking notes , Cara ? [ pulsing ] She 's at the Gosford . I 'm not getting anything on her telepathically . I don 't know how , but I saw her again . I could feel where she was . Maybe you two are connected . If she 's as powerful as we think she is , We can 't just take her head-on . Okay . Then , what 's the plan ? You go undercover and bring in the breakout you have a psychic connection with . Undercover ? You know what they say , Stevie ? You catch more flies with honey . You 're the honey . Stephen : [ thinking ] I don 't know , guys , you really think this is gonna work ? Cara : All you have to do is get her guard down long enough To slap the suppression cuff on her wrist . I 'll be with you the whole time . And I 'm here for , you know ... Gigolo advice . Now , get in there , stud . Stephen : [ thinking ] maybe I was wrong guys . I don 't see her anywhere . I am so sorry . I didn 't see you . It 's her . She 's here . Russell : But I don 't know how I missed you . But I don 't know how I missed you . Smooth . Real smooth . [ thinking ] okay , shut up , if she 's as powerful as we think she might be ... It 's okay , after two of these , I suppose I had it coming . [ chuckling ] I 'm Stephen . By the way . Cassie . Charmed . Sort of . Let me buy you another . Please . Another martini . So , Cassie , what brings you downtown ? I 'm looking for fun . And I think I just found it . Wow , so , high school in England . They call it secondary school over there . What was that like ? Um , British ? [ snorting ] Okay . And Brown . I 'm impressed . Don 't be . My dad was an alum . He got me in . Made me go . It 's typical . You don 't sound too fond of him . Understatement . But , you wouldn 't understand ... And anyways , this isn 't exactly " pick up at the bar " talk . Oh , so I 'm picking you up now ? No . I 'm picking you up . Right . Um . Well , you can still tell me about your old man , I promise to keep the overshare between us . [ laughing ] Um , my dad 's ... Powerful . Opinionated . A man who doesn 't care about anyone , or anything . He just wants to win . At all costs . You just described nearly every guy on the fortune 500 . Mmm-hmm . You don 't get it . My dad takes ruthlessness to a whole new level . And , of course , he wants me to follow in the family biz . Can I get you one more ? Which is ... Uh , thank you , I 'm good . He 'll have another . You 're worried I 'm trying to get you drunk . No . Why ? Should I be ? What exactly are you looking for tonight , Stephen ? How about we get out of here ? The view from the roof is incredible . Sure . Lead the way . Stephen : Cara , I have her for now , are you ready in the lair ? I 'm on it . As soon as you get the suppression cuff on her , teleport her back here . Cassie : God , I love this place . Yeah , it 's the best . And the worst . At least for me . It 's complicated . Brings back memories . Dad again ? In a sense . Again , you wouldn 't understand . Well , you 'd be surprised . [ beeping ] [ locking ] I 've been waiting for you to do that . Waiting for ... Agent : Jameson ! Freeze . Who the hell are they ? It 's complicated . [ smashing ] Stephen : She doesn 't know where she is , her powers are blocked , And the second I contact her dad , she 's on her way . Make it fast . Hey , how are you holding up ? [ sighing ] Your friend said you were off on some kind of secret mission . Yeah , well , mission accomplished . Almost . Meaning ? Meaning everything 's going to be okay . I 'm gonna get you home , Astrid . [ door unlocking ] This doesn 't look like any part of Ultra I remember . This is an off-site Ultra safe house . We 're holding you here until we get further instructions . Can 't we just get it over with already ? Get what over with ? I 'm a rogue paranormal using my powers in public . I know the drill . Now , you give me that shot . And you take my powers away , right ? It sounds like you want that to happen . Why do you think I let myself get caught by you ? I knew you were conning me the whole time . Why would anybody want their powers stripped ? Well , if you have to ask , then you 've obviously already drunk the Ultra kool-aid . We 've already established I 'm down with oversharing . How much do you know about my dad ? The great founder ? About Ultra ? As much as I need to . A lot of it 's classified . When I was a kid , my dad used to levitate me around the house . Like I was Supergirl . Both my parents had powers . So when I developed them , it seemed normal . I never really understood what we were . Other than special . It 's what my dad called us . And I never really understood what he did , either . Until last month . I was coming home from providence as a surprise . And he didn 't know I was coming , so he wasn 't blocking me telepathically , Like he normally did . But this time , I saw inside him . I saw Who he really is . What did you see ? [ heavy breathing ] That he 's a monster . And he wants me to be the same . But I won 't do it . I won 't work with him . And the only way to make sure that he leaves me alone is to become human . But he 'd never take your powers himself . Now that you 've captured me in front of Ultra , he doesn 't have a choice . You shouldn 't be out of bed . Never was one for lying around . You were never one for putting down work and picking up a ... A book of poetry ? It 's for Astrid . To help her pass the time . Hmm . So ... Are we gonna talk about what happened ? Nothing happened . I kissed you . And you kissed me back . It 's old habits . Well , I 'm pretty sure that one 's not dead yet . It doesn 't matter , what I want . When we 're together , I can 't be impartial . You of all people should understand . I can 't put my feelings before the group . [ door opening ] I 'm , uh , going topside to make arrangements with the founder . I 'll be back soon . And , just so you know , Cassie thinks she 's in an Ultra safehouse . Wait , then why isn 't she climbing the walls ? You 're not gonna believe this . She wants her powers removed . That 's why she 's been robbing banks and taunting her dad . She 's trying to force him to give her the needle . Does she have any idea what that does to you ? She wants out . The founder must have known , that 's why he came to me , so that I could Save Cassie from herself . The man has all of Ultra at his fingertips , And he asks you to bring in the most powerful breakout we 've ever seen . Alone . Something 's not right . Well , it 's a little late for second guessing . The deal is in place , if Astrid wants to ... What happened to this girl that she wants her powers stripped ? Something tells me this is about more Than just a wild child being reined in by daddy . Like what ? Like maybe the founder has something more in mind for his daughter That will come back to haunt us . No . You are pulling this out of nowhere . We are trading Cassie for Astrid . That 's the deal I made and that 's what I 'm gonna to deliver . No , we 're not . Until we figure out what 's going on , Cassie stays here . How many times have I told you , I don 't like people barging in to ... Uh , that 's fine , she 's family . So this is Ultra . Marla , had I known you were coming , I would have arranged for a warmer welcome . Save it . So , I suppose you 're here to talk about Stephen . Why did he quit ? What did he tell you ? Lies . Lies that he learned from you . [ stammering ] I don 't know what you 're implying . Where 's Astrid ? I 'm sorry , refresh me . What 's an " Astrid " ? Stephen 's friend . The two of you were talking about her last night at my house . Marla , I have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . But if you want me to get in touch with my friend at the bureau ... You have a history of making people disappear . If you 're talking about your husband ... You know I am . Now , I am warning you . If anything happens to Astrid , or Stephen , Or anyone close to us , I 'm gonna go to the police , and the newspapers , And I 'm gonna use every resource at my disposal to come after you and Ultra , And take you down . Before you do anything rash ... Go to hell , Jed . I 'm sorry . Have we met ? No . Always been your Achilles ' heel , hasn 't it ? Family . I guess we all have our soft spots . Cara : Tim ? Pull up everything you can on Cassandra Smythe . Cassandra Smythe . Born 1992 , London . Graduated Valedictorian , Royal Halloway , 2009 . Lettered in tennis , squash , and served as editor of the school newspaper . Unfortunately , I am unable to gather additional data beyond that date . That doesn 't make sense . We know she graduated from Brown . Someone there must have a record of her . Nothing whatsoever . Is it possible she isn 't who she says she is ? No , Tim , I think it 's possible she isn 't who she thinks she is . Is it time to get my shot ? Where 's Stephen ? Who are you ? I 'm his partner . At Ultra . I just need to ask you a few more questions before we process you . Whatever . Can we just get it over with , what 's the point ? Tell me about Brown . What do you want to know ? Where 'd you live ? What 'd you study ? Who 's your adviser ? That 's so ... That 's so strange , it just slipped my mind . What dorm , but I can ... I can picture it so clearly . Are you sure ? If you don 't believe me , call Dr. Albert Lerhman . He 's the professor who guided me through my thesis . Which was what , exactly ? I was helping him build a device that ... That would ... God , I don 't understand . Why is my head so cloudy all of a sudden ? It 's okay , Cassie . You can just show me . [ woman screaming ] What did you see ? Exactly what you said . Dr. Lehrman and the lab where you two worked . Stephen : So you think they were messing with her mind , planting false memories ? It was Ultra . Room B36 . She was strapped to some sort of device . If they brainwashed her , how do we know what 's real and what 's not ? What is real is that Astrid is stuck down here . And we have the one person that we can trade for her safety . Cassie is more powerful than anyone we 've ever found . Don 't you wanna know what they were using her for ? Ultra ? I don 't work there anymore . You still have access . Wow . [ sighs ] I can 't believe this . Now you 're holding Astrid hostage ? If that 's what you wanna call it . I will find out whatever it is you wanna know about this Lerhman guy . But after that ... Astrid goes free . Astrid goes free . [ door opening ] [ humming ] It looks like your uncle failed to revoke your badge when you quit . What are you doing here , Stephen ? And more importantly , where is my daughter ? I 'm working on it . So you 've gotten too clever for your own boots ? The only way you 'd know about this lab is if you 'd already found Cassandra . [ crackling ] Stephen 's been gone for hours . He should have checked in with you by now , telepathically or something . Maybe he 's in a secure part of Ultra . Tim , can you get a lock on him ? Unfortunately , Stephen 's signal has gone cold since he entered the building . That means he could be in trouble and we wouldn 't even know . If this founder dude is willing to mess over his own daughter , Think what he 'd do if he catches Stephen . John : He 'll have him killed . That 's after he 's tortured him to find out where his daughter is , Leading Ultra straight to us . John , what are you doing ? Saving Stephen . How ? - By making good on his promise to the founder . Cara : If Stephen is in trouble and we hand over Cassie now , we have nothing . No leverage . We do not do anything until we know what we are up against . Mom ? Dad ? Ix-nay on the ight-fay , you 're upsetting the children . What 's going on , is this about me ? It 's about a lot of things . Better to stay out of it . John , this is not your call to make . I know you 're leader now , Cara . But I 'm taking Cassie back to her father . You do whatever you have to do . Who are you ? You and I are taking a little trip . John ... You had your chance , Stephen . You could have brought my daughter to me , But instead you chose to complicate our arrangement By investigating things that don 't concern you . [ struggling ] what was in that room ? You experimented on your own child . What did you do to Cassie ? Why does she think you 're a monster ? As I said , that 's none of your concern . Now , I know that you have my Cassandra , And I 'm going to give you one chance to tell me where she is . [ breathing heavily ] okay . Okay , okay , I 'll bring her to you . I just need more time . Your time has run out . I 've been inside your head before . I know how difficult it is to read your thoughts . But once you 're fitted with a port , I 'll have direct access to them . Of course , I 'll have access to all your other dirty little secrets as well . Where are we ? Around the corner from Ultra . It 's where you wanted us to bring you . So why aren 't you bringing me in ? I can 't walk you to that building , Cassie . Only you can . I don 't understand . My father 's inside . They 've got Stephen . Dr. Lerhman . Dr. Lehrman was not your college adviser . He is an Ultra scientist who experimented on you , tortured you , And he is about to do the same thing to Stephen . Why did you bring me here ? Why are you telling me all this ? 'Cause you 're like us . You hate your father and everything he stands for . You want to keep him from hurting anyone else ? Stephen is our best chance to stop him . He is working for us on the inside but he is about to be exposed and tortured , And the only way to help him is to give your father what he wants . You . What are you doing ? [ beeping ] I can 't force you to go back to him , Cassie . But if you wanna stop your father , you 'll save Stephen , And maybe he 'll save all of us . I entrusted you with the most important thing in the world . My daughter . And you failed me . [ alarm sounding ] Sir ! A breakout just teleported into the operations room . Hi , dad ! You looking for me ? Cassandra . So this is how you thank the agent who tracked me down ? If anything , he deserves a promotion . What ? Stephen didn 't tell you I was coming ? I guess he didn 't want to ruin the surprise . I kept my part of the deal . So it seems . What about Astrid ? Oh , your friend is free to return to her former life . She needn 't fear our organization ever again . Was this really necessary ? Surely you don 't think me such a monster that you 'd rather be human ? I 'm sorry , daddy . I don 't know what I was thinking . Ready ? For what ? To go home ? Really ? Ultra wiped you from their system . You 're safe now . [ both laughing ] That 's the most hugging we 've done since eighth grade . Well , if it wasn 't for you I wouldn 't be going home . If it wasn 't for me , you wouldn 't have been forced into hiding . Yeah , well . It has been an experience . Guess I go back to being a regular human being now . I wish you could do the same . All of you . That you could live without looking over your shoulder . Just give me a sec . Yeah . Hi . Hey . I just wanna say thank you , again , for saving my life . [ chuckles ] Well , if I ever need a bullet pulled ... You should go to a hospital . Take care of yourself . You too . Let 's get you home . Cara : John ? We need to talk . I know what you 're gonna say . I shouldn 't have done that . No , your gambit paid off , we got Stephen back . The problem is , you took Cassie and traded her to her father , Without my authority . But I made the right call . Wasn 't your call to make . You overrode my leadership in front of everyone . I am sorry if I humiliated you . This is not about me or my feelings . How are they supposed to respect my decisions when you don 't ? Respect or obey , Cara ? This attitude of yours is dangerous for all of us . So this is my first warning ? Defy you again and you 'll have me scrubbing the floors with a toothbrush ? This is your last warning . Do it again and you are gone . Okay . Don 't walk away from me , John , we are not through . I will not be chastised for making the right damn decision ! Keep your voice down . Let me save you the suspense , Cara . I am gonna do what I think is best for our people , no matter who 's leader down here . John , don 't . And if you 're gonna threaten to kick me out every time I step out of line , You should just do it already . Finally some leadership advice I can actually use . Pack your stuff . You can say your goodbyes , and then you need to go . Goodbye , John . Good luck . Where are you going ? Astrid 's home . But then , you know that , don 't you ? Do I wanna know how you pulled that off ? Not unless you wanna be in the same boat Astrid was just in . Honey , what is going on ? [ chuckling ] I , um ... Don 't even know where to begin . I got myself into something bigger and more dangerous than I ever imagined , Working for Ultra . I thought I was doing the right thing , okay , for all of us . But you were right . I should have listened to you . You 're gonna be okay . We 're gonna be okay . You , me and Luca , what are we ? Really ? The iron triangle . And who breaks the iron triangle ? That 's right . So whatever this is , whatever you 're going through , We 're gonna get through it together , okay ? Astrid 's dad invited us to stop by the cafe for a bite . He wants to say thanks . Okay , I 'll meet you there . I 'm just gonna talk to Luca real quick . Oh , okay . See if you can get him to come . Okay . Got a sec ? Um ... Depends . Are you gonna get all weird again ? Because if this is about what happened with Peter , you can chill . We 're good . No , it 's not about that . I 've just noticed that you 've been acting a little different lately . I 've been acting different ? What 's up , kettle ? Okay . But seriously , I 'm worried about you . Okay , I have been where you are , I know what it 's like , And if there 's anything that you want to tell me ... - No . Or show me , now 's the time to do it . All right , don 't make me read your mind . Damn it , I thought I was being careful . How 'd you know ? You 're my little brother , Luca . Of course I 'm gonna notice something like this . This totally sucks . You 're not gonna tell mom , are you ? No . This will be our secret . But you gotta be more careful . There are rules , okay ? It is off-limits in the house . Yeah I didn 't even like it that much . What is this ... A bong ? That 's your secret ? Yeah . What 'd you think I was talking about ? Do your homework . What are you going to do with me ? Do with you ? Nothing , darling . I just want for you to put all this irresponsible behavior behind you . So you can return to school . You and I both know I 've never been to Brown . Oh darling , darling , will you listen to yourself ? Will you be so kind as to give my daughter a sedative ? No . No , get off me ! I don 't need your drugs ! It 's okay , Cassie , it 's okay . Isn 't that better ? I 'm going to put you on the train to providence now . Take her away . And activate the clean-up unit tailing Astrid finch . But Stephen ... You made a promise . It 's okay , Cassie . It 's already done . Three target 's inside . No civilians . Weapons-free . Cassie : [ thinking ] Stephen , are you there ? Cassie , are you okay ? [ tires screeching ] Cassie : They 're going to kill her . They 're going to kill your friend . What is it , Marla ? Get down . Under the table . Now ! No . No ! No ! No ! I 'm sorry . I should have told you sooner .
