 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Skye : It 's got to be some sort of activation signal To hydra members within s.H.I.E.L.D. Man : Director fury is dead . [ machine-gun fire ] If hydra is really about to seize this plane - - We should wipe the system . I 'm backing it up on this hard drive to keep our edge . Coulson : Take agent garrett into custody . He 's the murderer they call the clairvoyant . Hand : You shot the wrong clairvoyant before . Care to shoot the right one ? [ gun cocks ] [ explosion ] [ machine-gun fire ] [ gunshot ] [ thud ] [ lock clicks ] What are you doing here ? [ explosions , gunfire in distance ] A gift from the clairvoyant . [ chuckles ] Woman : Today , world leaders are scrambling for answers After the world 's most advanced spy agency Was crippled by a series of attacks . The president contends This is the biggest intelligence leak ... Sir . ... In world history . Find agent martin . But what 's even more disturbing ... We need a back channel to the u.N. , Someone we trust . ... The documents released from s.H.I.E.L.D. Show clear evidence of human experimentation , Stockpiles of wmd ... I made a list of s.H.I.E.L.D. Bases we believe are secure . ... All concealed by a massive cover-up . How many so far ? Seven ? Three . With world security at stake , Officials everywhere are calling for s.H.I.E.L.D ... Plus the hub . Including the hub . It 's a preliminary list . I 'm sure more will turn up . But it 's still unclear who should be held accountable . Many of its leaders have vanished , Leaving s.H.I.E.L.D. Fractured ... You were right all along . ... And powerless . Having all this out there in the world Makes it too dangerous , and now ... There 's no one left to protect it . There 's us . We were lucky enough to make it through . The triskelion , the hub ... Those battles are just the beginning of this war . Hydra 's out there now , But at least our team 's still intact . We can fight them , and we will . [ horn honks ] [ salsa music plays ] [ whistling ] [ bell jingles ] Ah , bienvenido , señor ward . [ conversing in spanish ] [ dog barks in distance ] This is where we 're meeting the clairvoyant ? Garrett : There 's no need to call me that anymore . Name 's john . John garrett . Guess you were expecting more the fortune-teller type . It 's an honor to finally meet you . Please , the pleasure 's all mine . You 've done great work for us on the centipede project . It was your gift that showed me the way . [ sighs ] Sorry , flowers . I hate to disappoint you . I never had any gifts , At least not the kind you believed in . Just a very high level s.H.I.E.L.D. Security clearance And persuasive personality . You 're not clairvoyant ? Hardly . But if it 's any consolation , You weren 't alone in believing , not by a long shot . So you 're a liar . You 're a fraud . An artist . A con artist , perhaps , but an artist all the same . Had to pull the wool over s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s eyes somehow To do what we set out to do . Remember what that was ? To change the world . Why don 't you take a seat And let me show you how we 're doing that ? Oh , don 't worry . I wouldn 't dream of letting ernesto cut your hair . Welcome to hydra . [ whirring ] [ gasps ] You need to replace the grounding wires . There 's no time . Ramp needs to be repaired by the end of the day . Coulson 's orders . What ? Are they even proper orders ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been destroyed , fury 's dead . Aren 't they just requests ? Well , either way , I 'm in the middle of it . Stator , please . Well , he 's certainly not taking orders from anyone . We have no jurisdiction now that s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s Been labeled a terrorist organization . Powers that be will sort it out . All we can do is fix one thing at a time , Starting with this servo drive . Yeah . You 're right . However , you will need to replace those grounding wires . It 's fine . Okay , turn it on . [ electricity crackles ] whoa ! Whoa ! Turn it off ! You need to replace the grounding wires . You need to shush . Shush , both of you . Hmm ? Honestly , ganging up on me . Think you 're so smart ? Well , why don 't you try to fix it ? [ indistinct whispering ] Good news . The cube has been retaken . All hydra agents have been flushed out and are on the run . So that makes four . See ? Told you more would turn up . The hull 's almost completely repaired . Flight systems are back online . And the cargo ramp ? Fitz assures me that it will be operational . Man : Sir , incoming transmission . This is colonel glenn talbot , u.S. Air force . I need to speak with whoever 's in charge over there . Colonel talbot , I 'm agent phil coulson . I 'm happy we could - - Mr. Coulson , It 's a real mess your boys have gotten us into . Hydra caught us by surprise . Well , that 's an understatement . It 's troubling how deeply embedded hydra was Within your ranks . Especially troubling for us , sir , But I assure you we 're going on the offensive . The hub is secure . All remaining agents stand ready to assist you in whatever - - I think we 've had about all the assistance we can handle From s.H.I.E.L.D. I 'm sending in a peacekeeping force . They 're gonna take control . Understood . What should I tell my men to expect ? We just want to ask a few questions , Get the lay of the land . Everything checks out , you and your boys can be on your merry . Sounds good . This doesn 't sound good . He 's lying , definitely , for sure . If talbot 's leading the op , There 's nothing peacekeeping about it . Base defenses are operational . We could hold out . The last thing s.H.I.E.L.D. Needs Is to start a war with the u.S. Government . What happens when talbot gets here ? Best-case scenario - - we all get subpoenas , Spend the next six months tied up in court hearings . Worst-case scenario ? Means they skip the subpoenas , Move straight to bunker busters . Bombs . Big bombs . All the while , hydra 's still out there . Get on the comms . We 're enacting odyssey protocol . Odyssey protocol ? What does that mean ? It means fitz needs to finish his repairs . We 're getting the hell out of here . May : A lot of agents are staying behind to surrender . Wish they 'd reconsider . We need all the help we can get to fight hydra . How 's the bus ? Fitz managed to jerry-rig the ramp , But the hub 's fuel reserves were tapped out . We 're running low . Talbot 's landing in less than an hour . Can you get us up in the air or not ? Have us wheels up in 10 . So , you guys are all set to go ? Appreciate your help . Enough to give me a bunk ? Seeing as you guys are down a specialist , I was hoping I could hitch a ride . Not gonna happen . But feel free to commandeer one of hand 's vehicles . I 'm sorry . Is there a problem ? No problem . Just not letting you on my plane . Garrett had me fooled , same as everyone else . Everyone else wasn 't at his side day in , day out . Friends of mine are dead because of him - - good friends . I think he should come with us , sir . Duly noted , agent simmons . But this isn 't a democracy . Isn 't it ? Under the circumstances , I think we should all have a say in this , And I witnessed agent triplett willing to die In defense of s.H.I.E.L.D. Respectfully , sir , I think he should come along with us . Okay . But agent triplett is your responsibility . [ footsteps depart ] We need to disappear . Only s.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarriers have cloaking technology . Then how do we avoid detection ? We don 't . Best we can do is stay out of other aircraft 's radar And remain in flight for as long as possible . Minute we land , harder it is to hide . Great . How are we doing on supplies ? We 're all stocked up on medical , But I 'm afraid our food rations Will only last a couple of days , at best . Perfect . Bad news . No kidding . Fuel line 's busted . We 're leaking . Can we fix it ? Sure . Soon as we touch down . Awesome . Skye , please , tell me something good . We have internet . Yay . And , boy , have I lowered my expectations . But all h.Q. Support systems are gone . Well , then , the internet it is . Find everything you can on our team - - All personal records , photos , anything that proves we exist - - Then erase it . Uh , that 's kind of the nuclear option . It 's our only option . Every government agency in the world will be on our ass . We need to vanish . Okay . But ... Once that 's done , that can 't be undone . We 'll be ghosts . Not agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. , just agents of ... Nothing . What about ward ? Have you heard from him ? He and agent hand Should have dropped garrett off at the fridge by now . Not yet . Here . Give him a call . Hearing how garrett settled into his tiny , Windowless , permanent home might actually cheer me up . When you 're finished , collect everyone 's badges . It 's no longer something we want to flash around . Any sign of talbot 's forces ? Not yet , but we 've only got eight hours of flight time Before we have to land . No more than four . Fuel line 's leaking . Want to tell me where we 're going ? I don 't know . [ beeping ] [ dialing ] [ cellphone ringing ] It 's coulson . By all means . [ cellphone beeps ] Sir . Is everything all right ? Hey , it 's me . I just wanted to let you know That grant ward no longer exists . You want to explain that , skye ? Some trigger-happy colonel Threatened to pay the hub a visit . Coulson had us evacuate before he could lock us all up . Now I 'm scrubbing our I.D.S While coulson figures out our next move . Makes sense . Agent hand picked up some navy jets in the vicinity . She has us taking the long route to the fridge just to be safe . Wow . You took that surprisingly well . Did you hear the part about you no longer existing ? Well , it 's not the first time my identity 's been compromised . Have any idea where coulson has us headed ? No idea . I 'll keep you posted . Good . I 'll catch up with you when I can . And when I see you next , who you gonna be ? You got a clean slate . You can be anyone you want . I don 't know . Maybe ... Tom brady . I always wanted to play quarterback . And date supermodels . You are so predictable . No , I mean the guy seems to have things pretty worked out . Be careful . You too . [ cellphone beeps ] Tom brady ? You hate the patriots . The agent grant ward she knows doesn 't . [ chuckles ] Yeah , that straight version of you is something else . I don 't even think romanoff could pull that one . Well , it wasn 't without its complications . Oh , come on . [ scoffs ] You 're not still upset about that . Shooting skye was not part of the plan . Near zero contact - - that was the deal going in . Though your tip about the cellist came in handy . If you had a thing for the girl , you should have contacted me . I would have asked for your blessing . Don 't play your games with me . This isn 't a joke . You don 't have to tell me . Your little candy crush was on centipede 's tail Long before she was recruited by s.H.I.E.L.D. Seemed like a good person to eliminate . My bad . Listen , if the job was easy , it wouldn 't - - Yeah , the job was to blend in , Gather intel on coulson 's revival . That 's it . You said yourself you didn 't want any bloodshed . That was before I found out coulson didn 't know squat . You know , you would have had an easier time If I gave the kill order week one . Yeah . But you didn 't . The girl I get . She 's cute . But don 't forget what the assignment was . Don 't forget who gave it to you . And don 't forget why . And cheer up ! We 're close - - closer than ever . [ chuckles ] So , the equipment 's here . What do you want with me ? Well , flowers , I 'm putting you back in charge Of the centipede project to finish phase three . It 's raina . Sorry . Force of habit . I thought phase three ended When I couldn 't get the truth about tahiti from agent coulson , When they locked me up . On the contrary - - your little bedside chats Pushed him in the direction we needed . Don 't get me wrong . We 've had more than a few setbacks . We 've been testing these new drugs . They all have different numbers . We thought one of them might contain Whatever jesus juice brought coulson back from the dead . Where did you find these ? At the facility where fury operated on him . Coulson walked me in , hand in hand . I 'd like to see this facility . Unfortunately , ran into a couple of security chuckleheads Who decided to hit the kill switch . I loaded my vest with as many of these vials as I could find . But none of them seem to be working quite right . There 's the look . I can see your gears turning now . I don 't have any gifts , raina , but you do . I can 't succeed without your help . I 'll need money . And resources . Your bank accounts are already fully funded . This is a hard drive with all of simmons ' research , Both coulson and skye 's blood work , All the data on the guest house drug . If there 's a key to how this stuff works , You 'll find it in there . If you need anything else , just whistle . Where are you going ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s most secure facility Is vulnerable right now . The fridge ? Oh , you 've heard of it . Yeah , well ... We 're gonna raid it . Skye : This wasn 't easy . Simmons got choked up when I asked for hers . [ sighs ] This was big for me . Finally felt like I was a part of something , and now It 's worthless . [ sighs ] [ sighs ] I 'm sorry . I can 't imagine what this is like for you . You gave your life - - Literally gave your life - - to s.H.I.E.L.D. I was younger than you when fury recruited me . Just out of high school . Some days , it feels like only yesterday . Other days A lot longer . [ beeping ] Is that your badge ? They look like coordinates . Coordinates to where ? I don 't know yet . But there 's only one person who could have sent these . And this is totally his style . So , director fury 's alive ? Fitz : What did he say ? Does he have a plan ? He only sent coordinates . The coordinates should put us Somewhere in the canadian wilderness . What exactly are we looking for here , sir ? It 's unclear . Maybe a rally point of some kind . Sir , have you and agent fury Used this form of communication before ? Never . Then how can you be sure that - - Because this is how he operates . Triplett : Could be a trap . So far , everything has been a trap . Am I wrong ? Hydra could have sent you those coordinates . Nick fury ... Gave me this badge . When he did , I swore an oath . We all did . To serve when everything else fails , To be humanity 's last line of defense , To be the shield . These coordinates mean something . I 'm certain of it . Fury also gave me this plane . Anyone wants off , chutes are in the bay . Help yourself . [ guns cocking ] kaminsky : We were outnumbered , And s.H.I.E.L.D. Pressed the advantage . You managed to make it out with the chopper . Yes , sir . No worries , then . The cube 's small potatoes . Once we hit the fridge And grab all the fun toys tucked away inside , We 'll be able to take any base we want . Hail hydra ! All right , all right , put your arms down , kaminsky . You look like a west texas cheerleader at a pep rally . Let me see that weapon . Tuck that strap in . You were disappointed that he wasn 't a real clairvoyant . There was a question I would have asked . Hmm . You 've known him a long time ? Ever since I was a teenager . He pulled me out of a hell . Saved me from myself . So , now do you know me ? You know how to work me ? I 'm just curious . If I wanted to work you , I 'd ask you about coulson and his team And how you managed to gain their trust . I jumped out of a plane . Deep-cover tactics 101 - - Perform selfless acts of bravery early on . So I jumped to save the scientist . I had a parachute . May never suspected . Agent may was the primary threat , So I let things get intimate . You don 't seem like her type . I 'm everyone 's type . Skye was the unknown variable . Being her s.O. Put me in a position to be a sounding board , Get an idea what she was thinking . And coulson ? He wasn 't skeptical when you pressured him to join ? He pressured me . You 'd be surprised how often you get invited to the party When you don 't want to go . " sir , I was trained from day one as a specialist . " I go in alone , I get it done . This team thing - - not my speed . " I gave coulson a person he thought he could help . Plane was full of them . It 's that simple ? You really felt nothing for them . I spent time with coulson . He 's a good man . Someone who 'd lay down his life for you . Don 't you owe a man like that something ? Sure . Probably gonna put a little hair on the wall . But I owe garrett everything . [ laughing ] Yeah , it 's gonna be great . All right . You okay ? Tell you what - - let 's skip the part Where you act concerned about my well-being . What is it you want ? I need to confiscate your weapon . You want to share the twisted logic That makes you think that 's a possibility ? Fury 's dead . It 's hard to accept , And we haven 't had a chance to grieve . There 's no reason to . I have faith that he 's alive . That feeling ... This belief that he is reaching out to you , phil , It might not be faith . It might be something else . And what 's that ? Hydra . Hydra . Impulses implanted in your brain Right alongside memories of a beautiful island . Really ? This is what you want to come to me with right now ? That 's not possible . Fury ordered the surgery . Yes , but he wasn 't in charge of the tahiti project , And the person that was behind that operation may be in ch- - Wait , wait , wait . What did you say ? Somebody else was behind it ? Who the hell was that ? I don 't know . Who ? ! Tell me ! Phil , I don 't know . You don 't know ? Oh . Let me guess . Only fury knows . Yes . And without him , there 's no way to know who is responsible . And there 's a real danger That hydra 's controlling your actions . That 's why fury put me on this plane - - To watch you . I 'm not gonna hand over my weapon . You want to try to take it from me ? Good . Now get out of my office . Fitz : We have to trust that coulson knows what he 's doing . Hey , I respect coulson . Agent coulson to you . Agent coulson . He saved our asses back at the hub . But I 'm telling you , he 's chasing the white whale . Okay . Have you even read " moby-dick " ? Yeah . Have you ? That 's not the point . Point is , stop spouting your nonsense And let me get back to checking my inventory . Simmons : He may be right , fitz . Coulson could be leading us into a trap and not even know it . Triplett : The whole world 's coming apart at the seams . Now 's not the time to follow blindly . No . It 's times like these you stick with the guy you believe in . It 's a hundred floors . The only way in is through the roof . [ wind gusting ] Identify yourself and state your purpose . Agent grant ward . You know who this is . Hand called it in . We have specific orders not to let anyone in Without agent hand 's presence . So where is she ? Where do you think she is ? She 's heading to meetings with every High-ranking s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent still out there . There 's a war going on , in case you guys missed it . You really want me to radio her , Have her turn the plane around , come all the way back ? That 's exactly what you need to do . All right . I guess you boys have never seen hand angry , have you ? [ static ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] Take cover ! It 's hydra ! [ laughs ] Aah ! Ward : Open the door ! It 's against protocol ! I don 't care about your protocol ! Open the door ! You 're gonna get us killed ! Screw it . [ beep ] Come on ! [ beep ] took you boys long enough . Need to radio security . How the hell did hydra know that you and hand were coming ? We told them . A little warning next time . I mean , they had automatic weapons . I couldn 't resist . It was too good a line . Let 's go shopping . [ heavy breathing ] [ beeping ] Air 's clear . First time I came down here was to lock up johnny horton . Ever heard of him ? Guy somehow gave himself these lion 's paws for hands . Can you imagine ? That doesn 't seem practical . Everybody 's got their own weird thing , I suppose . Here we go . You know the slingshot program ? Yeah , that 's how s.H.I.E.L.D. Gets rid of its dangerous technology . [ beeping ] do they , now ? Welcome to the toy store . All right , grab all you can , boys . If it looks dangerous , good . Alien ? Even better . It 's all here . Slingshot 's a fake . We shot a lot of empty rockets into space . And maybe every once in a while , They put a monkey in one for kicks . You really think fury would give away all these goodies ? We 're talking about the same guy That messed around with tesseract technology And sparked an alien invasion . There you are . [ latches click ] Remember this ? Yeah . I found it in peru . Some sort of plasma particle beam . Plasma particle beam , my ass . I look at it more as a gold card . Coordinates are about a 7-mile hike from here . Terrain 's pretty rough , even if it wasn 't covered with snow . Agent may and I could lead a scouting party first , Make sure this isn 't a trap . There 's no time . In less than eight hours , A nato satellite will pass directly over us . If the bus is still here , they 'll know . I 've been doing this long enough To know that something 's up there . But this mission has to be your choice . A lot 's changed in the last few days . I know you all have your doubts About what we 've been doing , about me . But I don 't , which is why I 'm going to find Whatever fury has waiting for us ... With you or without you . Well , you heard the man . We don 't have much time . [ alarm blaring ] You 're welcome , gentlemen ! Don 't forget to follow your dreams . Ladies . This ought to keep coulson busy a while . Grant ! Come on ! We got to roll . The chopper 's almost full . There it is . What the hell you doing ? You mind ? You might want to take a step back . I 'm not following . Coulson told me there was a little something hidden down below . Hate to tell you , but this is the bottom floor . I 've seen the blueprints with my own eyes . Care to make it interesting ? Loser buys dinner . Perfect . I 'm so sick of the crap we ate on that plane . [ warbling ] Well , hello , gorgeous . This is not good . Bears . Did it find bears ? No . Found nothing . No sign of life or s.H.I.E.L.D. Base Or anything making it even remotely worthwhile Freezing our butts off . Did you mean what you said earlier about coulson ? I don 't know , jemma . I want to believe coulson knows what he 's doing , but ... Well , at least we still have each other . Yeah . Good . 'cause the last thing I want is for things to change . Fitz ... It 's too late for that . You think he 's okay ? It 's been a rough couple of days . That 's not what I meant . Don 't act like you know what fury had me do . Well , he had you spy on him for a reason . So what was it ? [ sighs ] Fury was concerned about coulson finding out the truth . The doctors felt it would have negative consequences . Like what ? Like he 'd go crazy ? Spontaneously combust or something ? It 's not clear . All I know is he seemed stable until today . And now he has us in the middle of nowhere , chasing ghosts . That 's because his whole world fell apart . He 's not alone in that . This is it ! There 's got to be something here . Stay alert . Eyes open . It 's got to be here somewhere . How long should we look before thinking about heading back ? We 're not going back , Not until we find whatever fury has waiting for us . What about the satellite ? It doesn 't matter . The bus used all its remaining fuel just to get us here . Did you know this Before flying us out into the middle of nowhere ? It was the right play . Fury sent us these coordinates for a reason . And what reason is that ? I don 't know , may ! I don 't know ! There 's got to be something here ! This means something ! This has to mean something ! The world needs us ! Hydra is out there ! We cannot let them win . We - - we cannot let them define us . Do you understand that ? We are not agents of nothing ! We are agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. , and that still carries weight ! It - - it has to carry weight ! After everything we 've been through , that carries weight ! I 'm sorry . Aah ! Get down ! Get down ! Go , go , go , go , go ! [ whirring ] Well , it seems like we found it ! [ whirring ] Nobody move ! I really don 't think that 's going to be a problem ! [ whirring ] This is a s.H.I.E.L.D. Facility . Shoot first , ask questions later ? Doesn 't sound like s.H.I.E.L.D. To me . It 's not hydra . This is fury reaching out . There 's no way to know that for sure . There 's one way . [ whirring ] phil , don 't ! Hey ! N- - phil ! [ whirring ] Man : Identify yourself . I 'm phil coulson , agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. [ whirring ] Welcome , agent coulson . We 've been expecting you . [ whirring ] Garrett : I 've never been so happy To buy a man a steak dinner in my life . Ward : Wait till you see the bill . Why the long face ? There 's a complication with the hard drive . [ chuckles ] I don 't like complications . This one involves skye . We had three teams try to hack it , But she programmed it to erase all data If anyone other than her attempts to access it . Of course she did . In case it fell into the wrong hands , I guess . You know what that means , romeo . What is this place ? Koenig : One of fury 's secret bases . [ clears throat ] uh , I call it providence , Although technically it doesn 't have a name Because , technically , it doesn 't exist , It being a secret base and all . If everyone would follow me . Pretty cool , huh ? I 'm sorry . Who are you , exactly ? Eric koenig , agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. , level 6 . Phil coulson . I know . I know . It is an honor to meet you , agent coulson . And I apologize for the kerfuffle outside . The precision remote system was designed To destroy any rapidly moving metallic object . It was my badge . It was - - okay . That 's gonna be ... Tough to replace , But very soon , you 're gonna be issued your very own lanyard . Lanyards for others Will be distributed on a case-by-case basis . What happened to director fury ? Is he alive ? Fury ... Didn 't make it out of d.C. It 's been rough . We 're all a little shaken up , Especially now that the fridge has fallen . [ dialing ] Who is she calling ? We had a man at the fridge . Ward ? Oh , thank god . Can I speak to you in private ? [ door opens ] It 's nice having company . But don 't get me wrong . I mean , this place is great . What 's with the windows ? Oh , that 's supposed to make the isolation more bearable . Every day of the week , different view . Wednesday 's pretty terrific if you like topless beaches . So , how long have you been in here ? Since the chitauri invaded new york . Oh . Oh , it 's not so bad . Reading a ton of historical fiction , Gaming online with my brother . We 're racking up major " call of duty " hours . You play ? Of course . Lately , not so much . Ah . So , was there something you wanted to tell me ? Yes ! My bad . Fury is not dead . What ? Yeah , the - - hydra thinks they killed him , But he managed to escape from d.C. So you just lied to my team . Well , I don 't know them . And those are fury 's direct orders . Only a select few people can know that he 's alive - - Maria hill , cap , a couple of others , and now you and me . Where is he now ? No one knows . Ever since he went dark , no one 's heard from him . This is highest priority , full eclipse protocol . No one else can know . I 'm not comfortable keeping secrets from my team . Well , they haven 't been vetted . And if you talk , we 're gonna have a major problem . Are you threatening me ? 100 % . Fury 's orders . Not big on the trust , is he ? So we 're good ? We 're good . Great ! I 'm gonna get you set up with a lanyard . Uh , maybe ask agent may to pull the plane in . I 've got a parking space for her and everything . All right . See you soon . [ beep ] secret base , huh ? Sounds just like fury . Skye confirmed . Fury 's out of the picture . Well , that is good news . Gives us one less thing to worry about . Listen , about the girl - - Look , I know how much it means to you . I 'll get it done . Hey , we all have our weaknesses . The heart wants what it wants . Can 't control everything . So , if you can do it the easy way without blowing your cover , Then by all means . I just need some time alone with her to get the information . You 'll have it . Coulson will be busy . I 'll give you 24 hours to get the password and get out . After that , well ... Cross off the team and bring the girl to me . You got your story straight ? Yeah . We just need to make it believable . [ grunts ] Who are you ? Grant ward , agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. Who ? Make me believe . Grant ward , agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. Identify yourself . Grant ward , agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. Welcome , agent ward . We 've been expecting you . [ whirring ] Thought you might have given me bad directions . At least the machine gun didn 't start shooting at you . You okay ? Oh , it 's just a scratch . [ grunts ] Maybe a broken rib or two . Come on . Simmons should take a look at you . Then maybe we can get that drink . Deal . " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . You . You have to be kidding me . I 've been in a cell smaller than my shoe closet . I wasn 't allowed to eat with a fork , Which would have been worse If I 'd been allowed to eat anything but meatloaf ! I did just bust you out . Yeah , out of a prison you put me in ! Do you know what my life was like before I met you ? It was really nice . But because of you , I 've had my assets frozen , I 've been beaten . You almost ripped my tongue out of my mouth ! But I didn 't . I 'm regretting that now . Yeah . And all that for a fake . Raina here , she told me the truth about " the clairvoyant . " He didn 't respond well . Hey , I bought it . That 's on me . But you 're crazy If you think I 'm gonna do another damn thing for you . You didn 't tell him ? Didn 't want to spoil the surprise . It 's true I 'm not gifted , quinn . But that doesn 't mean I don 't have a special gift Just for you . [ warbling ] My gravitonium . That 's all you 've got to say ? Thank you . That 's more like it .
