 COULSON : Previously on Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D ... SKYE : It 's got to be some sort of activation signal to Hydra members within S.H.I.E.L.D. MAN : Director Fury is dead . ( MACHING GUN-FIRE ) If Hydra is really about to seize this plane ... We should wipe the system . I 'm backing it up on this hard drive to keep our edge . COULSON : Take Agent Garrett into custody . He 's the murderer they call the Clairvoyant . HAND : You shot the wrong Clairvoyant before . Care to shoot the right one ? ( GUN COCKS ) Season 01 Episode 18 ... Providence ... ( EXPLOSION ) ( MACHINE-GUN FIRE ) Stop right there ! ( GUNSHOT ) ( LOCK CLICKS ) What are you doing here ? ( EXPLOSIONS ) ( GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE ) A gift from the Clairvoyant . ( CHUCKLES ) Sync and Corrected by flnco er1ck9 web dl sync snarry . WOMAN IN TV : Today , world leaders are scrambling for answers after the world 's most advanced spy agency was crippled by a series of attacks . The president contends . - Sir . - This is the biggest intelligence leak ... - Find Agent Martin . - In world history . - We need a back channel to the U.N. , - But what 's even more disturbing ... - someone we trust . - The documents released from S.H.I.E.L.D. show clear evidence of human experimentation , - I made a list of S.H.I.E.L.D. bases we believe are secure . - Stockpiles of wmd ... - How many so far ? Seven ? - All concealed by a massive cover-up . - Three . - With world security at stake , - Plus the Hub . - Officials everywhere are calling for S.H.I.E.L.D ... Including the Hub . It 's a preliminary list . I 'm sure more will turn up . The members of Congress are calling for investigation . But it 's still unclear who should be held accountable . Many of it 's leaders have vanished , - You were right all along . - Leaving S.H.I.E.L.D. fractured ... and powerless . Having all this out there in the world makes it too dangerous , and now ... there 's no one left to protect it . There 's us . We were lucky enough to make it through . The Triskelion , the Hub ... Those battles are just the beginning of this war . Hydra 's out there now , but at least our team 's still intact . We can fight them , and we will . ( HORN HONKS ) ( SALSA MUSIC PLAYS ) ( WHISTLING ) ( BELL JINGLES ) ( WELCOME BACK , MR. WARD ) ( HOW ' BOUT A SHAVE ) ( I THINK I MIGHT LET IT GROW OUT , ERNESTO ) ( DOG BARKS IN DISTANCE ) This is where we 're meeting the Clairvoyant ? GARRETT : There 's no need to call me that anymore . Name 's John . John Garrett . Guess you were expecting more the fortune-teller type . It 's an honor to finally meet you . Please , the pleasure 's all mine . You 've done great work for us on the Centipede project . It was your gift that showed me the way . ( SIGHS ) ( CHUCKLES ) Sorry , Flowers . I hate to disappoint you . I never had any gifts , at least not the kind you believed in . Just a very high level S.H.I.E.L.D. security clearance and persuasive personality . You 're not Clairvoyant ? Hardly . But if it 's any consolation , you weren 't alone in believing , not by a long shot . So you 're a liar . - You 're a fraud . - An artist . A con artist , perhaps , but an artist all the same . Had to pull the wool over S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s eyes somehow to do what we set out to do . Remember what that was ? To change the world . Why don 't you take a seat and let me show you how we 're doing that ? Oh , don 't worry . I wouldn 't dream of letting Ernesto cut your hair . Welcome to Hydra . ( WHIRRING ) ( GASPS ) - You need to replace the grounding wires . - There 's no time . Ramp needs to be repaired by the end of the day . Coulson 's orders . What ? Are they even proper orders ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been destroyed , Fury 's dead . Aren 't they just requests ? Well , either way , I 'm in the middle of it . Stator , please . Well , he 's certainly not taking orders from anyone . We have no jurisdiction now that S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been labeled a terrorist organization . Powers that be will sort it out . All we can do is fix one thing at a time , - starting with this servo drive . - Yeah . You 're right . However , you will need to replace those grounding wires . It 's fine . Okay , turn it on . - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) Whoa ! Whoa ! - Turn it off ! You need to replace the grounding wires . You need to shush . Shush , both of you . Hmm ? Honestly , ganging up on me . Think you 're so smart ? Well , why don 't you try to fix it ? ( INDISTINCT WHISPERING ) - Excuse me . - Good news . The Cube has been retaken . All Hydra agents have been flushed out and are on the run . - So that makes four . - See ? I told you more would turn up . The Hull 's almost completely repaired . - Flight systems are back online . - And the cargo ramp ? Fitz assures me that it will be operational . MAN : Sir , incoming transmission . This is Colonel Glenn Talbot , U.S. Air force . I need to speak with whoever 's in charge over there . Colonel Talbot , I 'm Agent Phil Coulson . I 'm happy we could ... Mr. Coulson , It 's a real mess your boys have gotten us into . Hydra caught us by surprise . Well , that 's an understatement . It 's troubling how deeply embedded Hydra was within your ranks . Especially troubling for us , sir , but I assure you we 're going on the offensive . The Hub is secure . All remaining agents stand ready to assist you in whatever ... I think we 've had about all the assistance we can handle from S.H.I.E.L.D. I 'm sending in a peacekeeping force . They 're gonna take control . Understood . What should I tell my men to expect ? We just want to ask a few questions , get the lay of the land . Everything checks out , you and your boys can be on your merry . Sounds good . This doesn 't sound good . He 's lying , definitely , for sure . If Talbot 's leading the op , there 's nothing peacekeeping about it . Base defenses are operational . We could hold out . The last thing S.H.I.E.L.D. needs is to start a war with the U.S. Government . What happens when Talbot gets here ? Best-case scenario ... we all get subpoenas , spend the next six months tied up in court hearings . Worst-case scenario ? Means they skip the subpoenas , move straight to bunker busters . - Bombs . Big bombs . - All the while , Hydra 's still out there . Get on the comms . We 're enacting Odyssey protocol . Odyssey protocol ? What does that mean ? It means Fitz needs to finish his repairs . We 're getting the hell out of here . MAY : A lot of agents are staying behind to surrender . Wish they 'd reconsider . We need all the help we can get to fight Hydra . - How 's the bus ? - Fitz managed to Jerry-rig the ramp , but the Hub 's fuel reserves were tapped out . We 're running low . Talbot 's landing in less than an hour . - Can you get us up in the air or not ? - Have us wheels up in 10 . - So , you guys are all set to go ? - Appreciate your help . Enough to give me a bunk ? Seeing as you guys are down a specialist , - I was hoping I could hitch a ride . - Not gonna happen . But feel free to commandeer one of Hand 's vehicles . I 'm sorry . Is there a problem ? No problem . Just not letting you on my plane . Garrett had me fooled , same as everyone else . Everyone else wasn 't at his side day in , day out . Friends of mine are dead because of him ... good friends . I think he should come with us , sir . Duly noted , Agent Simmons . But this isn 't a democracy . Isn 't it ? Under the circumstances , I think we should all have a say in this , and I witnessed Agent Triplett willing to die in defense of S.H.I.E.L.D. Respectfully , sir , I think he should come along with us . Okay . But Agent Triplett is your responsibility . ( FOOTSTEPS DEPART ) We need to disappear . Whoa . Only S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarriers have cloaking technology . - Then how do we avoid detection ? - We don 't . Best we can do is stay out of other aircraft 's radar and remain in flight for as long as possible . - Minute we land , harder it is to hide . - Great . How are we doing on supplies ? We 're all stocked up on medical , but I 'm afraid our food rations will only last a couple of days , at best . Perfect . - Bad news . - No kidding . - Fuel line 's busted . We 're leaking . - Can we fix it ? - Sure . Soon as we touch down . - Awesome . - Skye , please , tell me something good . - We have Internet . Yay . And , boy , have I lowered my expectations . But all H.Q. support systems are gone . Well , then , the Internet it is . Find everything you can on our team ... all personal records , photos , anything that proves we exist ... - then erase it . - Uh , that 's kind of the nuclear option . It 's our only option . Every government agency in the world will be on our ass . We need to vanish . Okay . But ... once that 's done , that can 't be undone . We 'll be ghosts . Not agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , just agents of ... nothing . What about Ward ? Have you heard from him ? He and Agent Hand should have dropped Garrett off at the Fridge by now . Not yet . Here . Give him a call . Hearing how Garrett settled into his tiny , windowless , permanent home might actually cheer me up . When you 're finished , collect everyone 's badges . It 's no longer something we want to flash around . Any sign of Talbot 's forces ? Not yet , but we 've only got eight hours of flight time before we have to land . No more than four . Fuel line 's leaking . Want to tell me where we 're going ? I don 't know . ( BEEPING ) ( DIALING ) ( CELLPHONE RINGING ) - It 's Coulson . - By all means . ( CELLPHONE BEEPS ) Sir . Is everything all right ? Hey , it 's me . I just wanted to let you know that Grant Ward no longer exists . You want to explain that , Skye ? Some trigger-happy colonel threatened to pay the Hub a visit . Coulson had us evacuate before he could lock us all up . Now I 'm scrubbing our I.D.S while Coulson figures out our next move . Makes sense . Agent Hand picked up some Navy jets in the vicinity . She has us taking the long route to the Fridge just to be safe . Wow . You took that surprisingly well . Did you hear the part about you no longer existing ? Well , it 's not the first time my identity 's been compromised . Have any idea where Coulson has us headed ? No idea . I 'll keep you posted . Good . I 'll catch up with you when I can . And when I see you next , who you gonna be ? You got a clean slate . You can be anyone you want . I don 't know . Maybe ... Tom Brady . I always wanted to play quarterback . And date supermodels . You are so predictable . No , I mean the guy seems to have things pretty worked out . - Be careful . - You too . ( CELLPHONE BEEPS ) Tom Brady ? You hate the patriots . The Agent Grant Ward she knows doesn 't . ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah , that straight version of you is something else . I don 't even think Romanoff could pull that one . Well , it wasn 't without it 's complications . Oh , come on . ( SCOFFS ) You 're not still upset about that . Shooting Skye was not part of the plan . Near zero contact ... that was the deal going in . Though your tip about the cellist came in handy . If you had a thing for the girl , you should have contacted me . - I would have asked for your blessing . - Don 't play your games with me . - This isn 't a joke . - You don 't have to tell me . Your little candy crush was on Centipede 's tail long before she was recruited by S.H.I.E.L.D. Seemed like a good person to eliminate . My bad . - Listen , if the job was easy , it wouldn 't ... - Yeah , the job was to blend in , gather intel on Coulson 's revival . That 's it . You said yourself you didn 't want any bloodshed . That was before I found out Coulson didn 't know squat . You know , you would have had an easier time if I gave the kill order week one . - Yeah . But you didn 't . - The girl I get . She 's cute . But don 't forget what the assignment was . Don 't forget who gave it to you . And don 't forget why . And cheer up ! We 're close ... closer than ever . ( CHUCKLES ) So , the equipment 's here . What do you want with me ? Well , Flowers , I 'm putting you back in charge of the Centipede project to finish phase three . - It 's Raina . - Sorry . Force of habit . I thought phase three ended when I couldn 't get the truth about Tahiti from Agent Coulson , When they locked me up . On the contrary ... your little bedside chats pushed him in the direction we needed . Don 't get me wrong . We 've had more than a few setbacks . We 've been testing these new drugs . They all have different numbers . We thought one of them might contain whatever Jesus juice brought Coulson back from the dead . Where did you find these ? At the facility where Fury operated on him . Coulson walked me in , hand in hand . I 'd like to see this facility . Unfortunately , ran into a couple of security chuckleheads who decided to hit the kill switch . I loaded my vest with as many of these vials as I could find , but none of them seem to be working quite right . There 's the look . I can see your gears turning now . I don 't have any gifts , Raina , but you do . I can 't succeed without your help . I 'll need money . And resources . Your bank accounts are already fully funded . This is a hard drive with all of Simmons ' research , both Coulson and Skye 's blood work , all the data on the guest house drug . If there 's a key to how this stuff works , you 'll find it in there . If you need anything else , just whistle . Where are you going ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s most secure facility is vulnerable right now . - The Fridge ? - Oh , you 've heard of it . Yeah , well ... we 're gonna raid it . SKYE : This wasn 't easy . Simmons got choked up when I asked for hers . ( SIGHS ) This was big for me . Finally felt like I was a part of something , and now ... it 's worthless . ( SIGHS ) ( SIGHS ) I 'm sorry . I can 't imagine what this is like for you . You gave your life ... literally gave your life ... to S.H.I.E.L.D. I was younger than you when Fury recruited me . Just out of high school . Some days , it feels like only yesterday . Other days ... a lot longer . ( BEEPING ) Is that your badge ? They look like coordinates . - Coordinates to where ? - I don 't know yet . But there 's only one person who could have sent these . And this is totally his style . So , Director Fury 's alive ? FITZ : What did he say ? Does he have a plan ? - He only sent coordinates . - The coordinates should put us somewhere in the Canadian wilderness . What exactly are we looking for here , sir ? It 's unclear . Maybe a rally point of some kind . Sir , have you and Agent Fury used this form of communication before ? - Never . - Then how can you be sure that ... - Because this is how he operates . - TRIPLETT : Could be a trap . So far , everything has been a trap . Am I wrong ? Hydra could have sent you those coordinates . Nick Fury ... gave me this badge . When he did , I swore an oath . We all did . To serve when everything else fails , to be humanity 's last line of defense , to be the shield . These coordinates mean something . I 'm certain of it . Fury also gave me this plane . Anyone wants off , chutes are in the bay . Help yourself . - ( GUNS COCKING ) - KAMINSKY : We were outnumbered , And S.H.I.E.L.D. pressed the advantage . - You managed to make it out with the chopper . - Yes , sir . No worries , then . The Cube 's small potatoes . Once we hit the Fridge and grab all the fun toys tucked away inside , we 'll be able to take any base we want . Hail Hydra ! All right , all right , put your arms down , Kaminsky . You look like a West Texas cheerleader at a pep rally . - Let me see that weapon . - Sure . Tuck that strap in . You were disappointed that he wasn 't a real Clairvoyant . There was a question I would have asked . - Hmm . - You 've known him a long time ? Ever since I was a teenager . He pulled me out of a hell . Saved me from myself . So , now do you know me ? - You know how to work me ? - I 'm just curious . If I wanted to work you , I 'd ask you about Coulson and his team and how you managed to gain their trust . I jumped out of a plane . Deep-cover tactics 101 ... perform selfless acts of bravery early on . So I jumped to save the scientist . - I had a parachute . - May never suspected . Agent May was the primary threat , so I let things get intimate . - You don 't seem like her type . - I 'm everyone 's type . Skye was the unknown variable . Being her S.O. put me in a position to be a sounding board , get an idea what she was thinking . And Coulson ? He wasn 't skeptical when you pressured him to join ? ( CHUCKLES ) He pressured me . You 'd be surprised how often you get invited to the party when you don 't want to go . " Sir , I was trained from day one as a specialist . " I go in alone , I get it done . This team thing ... not my speed . " I gave Coulson a person he thought he could help . Plane was full of them . It 's that simple ? You really felt nothing for them . I spent time with Coulson . He 's a good man . Someone who 'd lay down his life for you . Don 't you owe a man like that something ? Sure . Probably gonna put a little hair on the wall . But I owe Garrett everything . ( LAUGHING ) Yeah , it 's gonna be great . All right . - You okay ? - Tell you what ... let 's skip the part where you act concerned about my well-being . - What is it you want ? - I need to confiscate your weapon . You want to share the twisted logic that makes you think that 's a possibility ? Fury 's dead . It 's hard to accept , and we haven 't had a chance to grieve . There 's no reason to . I have faith that he 's alive . That feeling ... this belief that he is reaching out to you , Phil , it might not be faith . It might be something else . - And what 's that ? - Hydra . - Hydra ? - Impulses implanted in your brain right alongside memories of a beautiful island . Really ? This is what you want to come to me with right now ? That 's not possible . Fury ordered the surgery . Yes , but he wasn 't in charge of the Tahiti project , and the person that was behind that operation may be in ch ... Wait , wait , wait . What did you say ? Somebody else was behind it ? - Who the hell was that ? - I don 't know . - Who ? ! Tell me ! - Phil , I don 't know . You don 't know ? Oh . Let me guess . Only Fury knows . Yes . And without him , there 's no way to know who is responsible . And there 's a real danger that Hydra 's controlling your actions . That 's why Fury put me on this plane ... to watch you . I 'm not gonna hand over my weapon . You want to try to take it from me ? Good . Now get out of my office . FITZ : We have to trust that Coulson knows what he 's doing . - Hey , I respect Coulson . - Agent Coulson to you . Agent Coulson . He saved our asses back at the Hub . But I 'm telling you , he 's chasing the white whale . Okay . Have you even read " Moby dick " ? - Yeah . Have you ? - That 's not the point . Point is , stop spouting your nonsense and let me get back to checking my inventory . SIMMONS : He may be right , Fitz . Coulson could be leading us into a trap and not even know it . TRIPLETT : The whole world 's coming apart at the seams . Now 's not the time to follow blindly . No . It 's times like these you stick with the guy you believe in . It 's a hundred floors . The only way in is through the roof . ( WIND GUSTING ) Identify yourself and state your purpose . Agent Grant Ward . You know who this is . Hand called it in . We have specific orders not to let anyone in without Agent Hand 's presence . So where is she ? Where do you think she is ? She 's heading to meetings with every high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent still out there . There 's a war going on , in case you guys missed it . You really want me to radio her , have her turn the plane around , come all the way back ? That 's exactly what you need to do . All right . I guess you boys have never seen Hand angry , have you ? ( STATIC ) ( HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ) Take cover ! It 's Hydra ! ( LAUGHS ) Aah ! - WARD : Open the door ! - It 's against protocol ! I don 't care about your protocol ! Open the door ! You 're gonna get us killed ! Screw it . ( BEEP ) Come on ! ( BEEP ) Took you boys long enough . Need to radio security . How the hell did Hydra know that you and Hand were coming ? We told them . A little warning next time ? I mean , they had automatic weapons . I couldn 't resist . It was too good a line . Let 's go shopping . ( HEAVY BREATHING ) ( RADIO COMMUNICATION ) ( BEEPING ) Air 's clear . First time I came down here was to lock up Johnny Horton . Ever heard of him ? That guy somehow gave himself these lion 's paws for hands . - Can you imagine ? - That doesn 't seem practical . Everybody 's got their own weird thing , I suppose . Here we go . You know the Slingshot program ? Yeah , that 's how S.H.I.E.L.D. gets rid of it 's dangerous technology . ( BEEPING ) Do they , now ? Welcome to the toy store . All right , grab all you can , boys . If it looks dangerous , good . Alien ? Even better . It 's all here . Slingshot 's a fake . We shot a lot of empty rockets into space . And maybe every once in a while , they put a monkey in one for kicks . You really think Fury would give away all these goodies ? We 're talking about the same guy that messed around with Tesseract technology and sparked an alien invasion . There you are . ( LATCHES CLICK ) Remember this ? Yeah . I found it in Peru . Some sort of plasma particle beam . Plasma particle beam , my ass . I look at it more as a gold card . Coordinates are about a 7-mile hike from here . Terrain 's pretty rough , even if it wasn 't covered with snow . Agent May and I could lead a scouting party first , make sure this isn 't a trap . There 's no time . In less than eight hours , a NATO satellite will pass directly over us . If the bus is still here , they 'll know . I 've been doing this long enough to know that something 's up there . But this mission has to be your choice . A lot 's changed in the last few days . I know you all have your doubts about what we 've been doing , about me . But I don 't , which is why I 'm going to find whatever Fury has waiting for us ... with you or without you . Well , you heard the man . We don 't have much time . ( ALARM BLARING ) You 're welcome , gentlemen ! Don 't forget to follow your dreams . Ladies . This ought to keep Coulson busy a while . Grant ! Come on ! We got to roll . The chopper 's almost full . - There it is . - What the hell you doing ? You mind ? You might want to take a step back . I 'm not following . Coulson told me there was a little something hidden down below . Hate to tell you , but this is the bottom floor . I 've seen the blueprints with my own eyes . Care to make it interesting ? - Loser buys dinner . - Perfect . I 'm so sick of the crap we ate on that plane . ( WARBLING ) Well , hello , gorgeous . - This is not good . - Bears . Did it find bears ? No . Found nothing . No sign of life or S.H.I.E.L.D. base or anything making it even remotely worthwhile freezing our butts off . Did you mean what you said earlier about Coulson ? I don 't know , Jemma . I want to believe Coulson knows what he 's doing , but ... - Well , at least we still have each other . - Yeah . Good . 'Cause the last thing I want is for things to change . Fitz ... it 's too late for that . - You think he 's okay ? - It 's been a rough couple of days . That 's not what I meant . Don 't act like you know what Fury had me do . Well , he had you spy on him for a reason . So what was it ? ( SIGHS ) Fury was concerned about Coulson finding out the truth . The doctors felt it would have negative consequences . Like what ? Like he 'd go crazy ? - Spontaneously combust or something ? - It 's not clear . All I know is he seemed stable until today . And now he has us in the middle of nowhere , chasing ghosts . That 's because his whole world fell apart . He 's not alone in that . This is it ! There 's got to be something here . Stay alert . Eyes open . It 's got to be here somewhere . How long should we look before thinking about heading back ? We 're not going back , not until we find whatever Fury has waiting for us . - What about the satellite ? - It doesn 't matter . The bus used all it 's remaining fuel just to get us here . Did you know this before flying us out into the middle of nowhere ? It was the right play . Fury sent us these coordinates for a reason . And what reason is that ? I don 't know , May ! I don 't know ! There 's got to be something here ! This means something ! This has to mean something ! The world needs us ! Hydra is out there ! We cannot let them win . We ... we cannot let them define us . Do you understand that ? We are not agents of nothing ! We are agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , and that still carries weight ! It ... it has to carry weight ! After everything we 've been through , that carries weight ! I 'm sorry . - Aah ! - Get down ! Get down ! Go , go , go , go , go ! ( WHIRRING ) Well , it seems like we found it ! ( WHIRRING ) Nobody move ! SIMMONS : I really don 't think that 's going to be a problem ! ( WHIRRING ) This is a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility . Shoot first , ask questions later ? Doesn 't sound like S.H.I.E.L.D. to me . It 's not Hydra . This is Fury reaching out . There 's no way to know that for sure . There 's one way . ( WHIRRING ) Phil , don 't ! - Hey ! No ... - Phil ! ( WHIRRING ) MAN : Identify yourself . I 'm Phil Coulson , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. ( WHIRRING ) Welcome , Agent Coulson . We 've been expecting you . ( WHIRRING ) GARRETT : I 've never been so happy - to buy a man a steak dinner in my life . - WARD : Wait till you see the bill . Why the long face ? There 's a complication with the hard drive . ( CHUCKLES ) I don 't like complications . This one involves Skye . We had three teams try to hack it , but she programmed it to erase all data if anyone other than her attempts to access it . Of course she did . In case it fell into the wrong hands , I guess . You know what that means , Romeo . What is this place ? KOENIG : One of Fury 's secret bases . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Uh , I call it Providence , although technically it doesn 't have a name because , technically , it doesn 't exist , it being a secret base and all . If everyone would follow me . - Pretty cool , huh ? - I 'm sorry . Who are you , exactly ? Eric Koenig , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. , level 6 . - Phil Coulson . - I know . I know . It is an honor to meet you , Agent Coulson . And I apologize for the kerfuffle outside . The precision remote system was designed to destroy any rapidly moving metallic object . - It was my badge . - It was ... okay . That 's gonna be ... tough to replace , but very soon , you 're gonna be issued your very own lanyard . Lanyards for others will be distributed on a case-by-case basis . What happened to Director Fury ? Is he alive ? Fury ... didn 't make it out of D.C. It 's been rough . We 're all a little shaken up , especially now that the Fridge has fallen . ( DIALING ) Who is she calling ? We had a man at the Fridge . Ward ? Oh , thank God . Can I speak to you in private ? ( DOOR OPENS ) It 's nice having company . But don 't get me wrong . I mean , this place is great . What 's with the windows ? Oh , that 's supposed to make the isolation more bearable . Every day of the week , different view . Wednesday 's pretty terrific if you like topless beaches . So , how long have you been in here ? Since the Chitauri invaded New York . - Oh . - Oh , it 's not so bad . Reading a ton of historical fiction , gaming online with my brother . We 're racking up major " Call of duty " hours . - You play ? - Of course . Lately , not so much . Ah . So , was there something you wanted to tell me ? Yes ! My bad . Fury is not dead . What ? Yeah , the ... Hydra thinks they killed him , but he managed to escape from D.C. - So you just lied to my team . - Well , I don 't know them . And those are Fury 's direct orders . Only a select few people can know that he 's alive ... Maria Hill , Cap , a couple of others , and now you and me . - Where is he now ? - No one knows . Ever since he went dark , no one 's heard from him . This is highest priority , full Eclipse protocol . No one else can know . I 'm not comfortable keeping secrets from my team . Well , they haven 't been vetted . And if you talk , we 're gonna have a major problem . - Are you threatening me ? - 100 % . Fury 's orders . Not big on the trust , is he ? - So we 're good ? - We 're good . Great ! I 'm gonna get you set up with a lanyard . Uh , maybe ask Agent May to pull the plane in . I 've got a parking space for her and everything . All right . See you soon . ( BEEP ) Secret base , huh ? Sounds just like Fury . Skye confirmed . Fury 's out of the picture . Well , that is good news . Gives us one less thing to worry about . Listen , about the girl ... Look , I know how much it means to you . I 'll get it done . Hey , we all have our weaknesses . The heart wants what it wants . Can 't control everything . So , if you can do it the easy way without blowing your cover , then by all means . I just need some time alone with her to get the information . You 'll have it . Coulson will be busy . I 'll give you 24 hours to get the password and get out . After that , well ... cross off the team and bring the girl to me . - You got your story straight ? - Yeah . We just need to make it believable . ( GRUNTS ) Who are you ? Grant Ward , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. Who ? Make me believe . Grant Ward , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. Identify yourself . Grant Ward , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. Welcome , Agent Ward . We 've been expecting you . ( WHIRRING ) Thought you might have given me bad directions . At least the machine gun didn 't start shooting at you . - You okay ? - Oh , it 's just a scratch . ( GRUNTS ) Maybe a broken rib or two . Come on . Simmons should take a look at you . Then maybe we can get that drink . Deal . COULSON : " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " will return in a moment . You . You have to be kidding me . I 've been in a cell smaller than my shoe closet . I wasn 't allowed to eat with a fork , which would have been worse if I 'd been allowed to eat anything but meatloaf ! - I did just bust you out . - Yeah , out of a prison you put me in ! Do you know what my life was like before I met you ? It was really nice . But because of you , I 've had my assets frozen , I 've been beaten . You almost ripped my tongue out of my mouth ! But I didn 't . I 'm regretting that now . Yeah . And all that for a fake . Raina here , she told me the truth about " the Clairvoyant . " - He didn 't respond well . - Hey , I bought it . That 's on me . But you 're crazy if you think I 'm gonna do another damn thing for you . - You didn 't tell him ? - Didn 't want to spoil the surprise . It 's true I 'm not gifted , Quinn . But that doesn 't mean I don 't have a special gift just for you . ( WARBLING ) My gravitonium . - That 's all you 've got to say ? - Thank you . That 's more like it . Sync and Corrected by f1nc0 er1ck9 web dl sync snarry
