 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Triplett : A hard drive ? Skye : It 's all the research our team 's ever done , Encrypted for safekeeping . I 'll give you 24 hours to get the password and get out . After that , bring the girl to me . You don 't have to shut people out . Yeah , I do . Eric . [ gasps ] There are things about me ... That you wouldn 't like if you knew . [ breathes shakily ] he 's hydra . You all right ? Why did you leave ? I 'm good . I want this . I just got word from fitz . We need to go right now . Simmons : Where 's our bus ? And our team ? I don 't know . Yeah , it went as expected . S.H.I.E.L.D. Implodes , and everyone wants answers . The cia , nsa , nro - - them I can handle . But congress ? Congress is like kindergarten . " where is this fridge ? " " what was in there ? " " who or what is a man-thing ? " I swear I need a cocktail and a lobotomy . [ sighs ] But apparently , my every move continues to fascinate them . Tonight 's standard-issue surveillance package Includes fake yuppie Not checking her texts at the bus stop , Imposter homeless man - - mildly offensive - - And the hipster following me looks familiar . I think he 's russian or ... Gone . Pepper , I 'll call you back in 10 . We need to talk , agent hill . [ sighs ] may . A phone call would have done it . But I appreciate the discretion . Thought you 'd like the night off . They must hate that you 're going to work for stark . Most of the intelligence community Would like to drop me into a dark hole , But even they can 't mess with tony 's army of lawyers . So , for now , we 're privatizing global security . Want to join ? Coulson needs help . And he won 't take it from me anymore . Where is he ? Providence base . And he 's got enough to worry about without obsessing Over t.A.H.I.T.I. And who covered it up . You mean besides us . How much does he know ? Enough . That they used alien biology , rewrote his memories , And that fury did it under someone else 's direction . I want to know who that was . You 're afraid it was alexander pierce . Secretary pierce was the man in charge - - The only person fury took orders from - - and he was hydra . Having a man like that design your brain ? You can understand my concern . Fury took his cues from pretty high up . That much I know . But when I asked him who it was , Fury said that he buried that intel When he decided not to bury coulson . Maria , this is not the time to wax poetic . Those are his words , not mine . You knew the man . Sometimes he spoke in riddles . Guess I 'll have to solve it , then . Hmm . Unless you want to ask fury for me . Fury 's dead . [ siren wailing ] I 'll believe it when I see it . [ tires screech ] Drop your weapon ! 3 minutes and 20 seconds . Really ? If you were my agents , it wouldn 't be for long . Play it again . It 's the same every time , sir . Fitz . As I said , all internal camera feeds were erased , But the hangar 's landing assist system is separate . The camera tracks movement . So , after we left , everything 's normal until this . Simmons : An entry log has may leaving the base A few minutes later through the front door - - only her . And then this . Holding hands . Soon after , the plane takes off . But that is all we 've got . Where are they going ? And koenig ? Koenig must have gotten onto the plane somehow . There 's no other way in or out . The blast door and the hangar door are the only exits . And both are undamaged . So nobody attacked the place , and they weren 't running away . So why ? Maybe koenig got orders . From who ? Not fury . Is there anyone left to give orders ? Aren 't we just improvising at this point ? Still wouldn 't explain why the communication lines were cut Or why they left their phones or why may just ... Left . May walked away because I told her to . I was mad , and I was mean . Then we don 't need her sorry ass . Excuse me ? With all the crap we 're facing , This is not the time to pull the ripcord , bail out . I 'll make us some food . We have to eat . Let me help . Uh , no , I 'll get it , actually . You stay here . Simmons . [ panting ] For a minute there in the field , I thought things were normal again , and then ... Why do you think they left us in the dark ? [ sighs ] I don 't know . But something will turn up . We just have to stay positive . For coulson , yeah . I know . He 's had a rough go of it . Yeah . Between garrett and may and seeing audrey and ... Pancakes . Coulson 's upset about pancakes now ? That 's one way to cheer everyone up a bit , don 't you think ? I 'll see if we have any in stock . Yeah , I 'll fire up the griddle . [ rattling ] Night ? Triplett : Sir , you 're an expert on analysis . I can see you running scenarios in your head , So what do you got ? Best case - - agent koenig knows something we don 't . He took a team , kept us in the dark for our safety . [ rattling stops ] Worst-case scenario ? We 've had a wolf in the herd the whole time . [ simmons screams ] [ paint can rattling ] Ward : Fitz keeps the candy under his bunk . [ chuckles ] What are you up to ? Just looking for the sat-phone to call the team , Make sure everyone 's all right , no one 's blown up . I 've got the phone . I just talked to coulson a little while ago . You did ? Yeah , sorry . Should have told you . They 're okay , but the sooner we get to the location , Decrypt that drive ... The sooner we can rendezvous with the team . Exactly . Seemed like a smart play at the time , geo-locking the drive . I didn 't think it would backfire on us . Ward : It hasn 't backfired . The drive is supposed to be impossible to crack . [ keyboard clacking ] Pretty specific coordinates , though . You could have picked anywhere in the world . Why a random diner in l.A. ? It was already built into my encryption . Never changed it . But it 's fitting . It 's where I met mike peterson . It 's where this whole s.H.I.E.L.D. Roller coaster started . Plus , tactically , what do you look for in a jobsite ? Public place , lots of people , multiple exits . Yep . Figured if I ever got in trouble , I 'd be safe there . Oh , you 'll be plenty safe . [ chuckles ] This , however , is not the answer . [ gun clicks ] What 's the matter ? A girl can 't defend herself ? In this situation , the last thing we can afford Is to get pinched on a concealed-weapons charge . You 're right . Again . Couldn 't find any rounds anyway . Hey . We are gonna be okay . I promise , until this thing is over , I 'm not gonna let you out of my sight . Fitz : Impossible . It can 't be . No . No . I-I don 't believe it . Take a breath , agent fitz . Don 't tell me to take a breath . Who the hell are you ? I mean , really . Come on . I don 't even know who you are . I just went through this , remember ? Don 't touch me . My s.O. Turned out to be a lying son of a - - Well , not ward . Okay ? Not ward . Do you know why ? Because he 's our friend . And simmons will find something . Go ahead . Tell him , jemma . Let me work , fitz . Yeah , but tell him that ward isn 't - - Let me work . Something else is at play here , sir . Think about it . They 're just trying to mess with our heads . They wrote that on the wall to scare us . One step at a time . We need to get out of here . Simmons will give her report . That 's the next step . [ sighs ] He died approximately 10 hours ago of asphyxiation - - After may left the premises . A thin wire was used to strangle him . His trachea is crushed , partially sliced through , So it was done in a hurry . Based on the angle of the lacerations , The killer was at least 6 ' 2 " and strong enough to ... Lift him into ... Ward did this . [ clanging ] Coulson : Okay ! Okay ! We need to hold it together . Listen ... [ clang ] ... All that anger , all that pain , You need to hold it in and focus it on skye . She 's alive . And she just walked out of here hand in hand With someone she knows is a murderer Because she 's playing him - - just like he played us . Fitz , fitz ... We have to fix the communications . We have to track that plane . Can you do that ? [ sighs ] Good . If I know skye , she 's got a plan . And we 're gonna find her Before ward figures out what that is . Come on , skye . [ breathing heavily ] what 's your play ? I can 't remember the last time I sat in a restaurant . I know . It 's been all tubes , tunnels , and plane food . Maybe I will get pie for dessert . Dessert ? I was hoping we 'd be done by the time I finished coffee . Do you have any idea how long it 'll take To decrypt this drive ? For you ? I figured 10 minutes . Not even close . The gps will take a hot second to calibrate , But I 'm working on a laptop . So even at three cycles per byte , There are still terabytes of data - - spare me the details . Give me the timeframe . An hour would be a miracle . Coulson needs this yesterday . My laptop 's not a time machine , ward . That 's the science . [ sighs ] guess we 're having dessert . [ sighs ] Can you grab me a cable ? Think there 's one in the drawer . Thanks . [ click ] [ chuckles ] That seemed to work . Fitz is using the jumpjet 's relay to power it . He 's like a ninja with this crap . How 's he doing ? Freaking out . But focused on the task , which was good advice . And you ? Trust me , I 'm gonna have a major freak out later . All right . Ward is hydra . You know what that means . Garrett is alive . And agent hand is dead . So they hit the fridge . It means they 've got all the weapons They could possibly want . And we didn 't have a clue . So why risk coming back here ? It wasn 't to cross us off . What do you have that he wants ? I don 't know . He had all our intel on that drive . All he had to do was make a cop- - He came back for skye . She must have encrypted that drive , And she was the only one who could crack back into it . So they have to keep her alive . And she can stall for time . [ computer beeps ] Our plane is in los angeles . Finally , some good news . [ alarm blaring ] Woman : Perimeter defenses activated . I should have knocked on wood just then . Triplett : Multiple contacts on the ground . They just triggered the gun turrets . Come on . [ keyboard clacking ] Skye : You 're staring again . I 'm not allowed to do that ? I told you , it 's a complicated hack . Um ... You 've mistaken my admiration for impatience . No , it 's impatience . Okay . Sorry . Didn 't mean to stress you out . Maybe you should duck outside . Try again on the sat-phone just to make sure . No . We stick together and we stick to the plan . The sooner you decrypt this hard drive ... The sooner we get to them . I heard you twice the first time . Are you all right ? You look nervous . How can you tell , superspy ? Staying unnaturally still to keep from fidgeting , Maintaining eye contact to give the impression of confidence . What 's wrong ? The last time I was in this booth , I was sitting across from mike peterson - - A good man , and now he 's a murderer . And we are fbi 's most wanted . It 's just [ scoffs ] like any moment , Something could go horribly wrong . Relax . You 're doing great . Hiding what I 'm thinking and feeling - - It doesn 't come as easy for me as it does for you . Well , it comes with experience . [ sighs ] yeah , I guess it does . [ gun cocks ] [ sighs ] I wish this bunker had a bunker . These doors should hold . It 'll some major artillery to make a dent . Hangar door deactivated . [ ding ] How ? ! That 's impossible ! Take cover . Let 's go . [ whirring ] It 's not hydra . It 's special forces . Talbot : On behalf of the United States armed forces , I order you to stand down . I repeat , stand down . Colonel talbot ? There have to be better things for you to do Than chase four s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents . I wasn 't a huge fan Before chasing you to the damn tundra , coulson . I wouldn 't push it . I 'm flattered you came in person . Fury 's private base on north american soil ? I just had to see it for myself . If I come out , will you shoot me ? 'cause then I won 't come out . Hold your fire , soldiers . This is one of the most classified facilities On the planet , colonel . How the hell did you find it ? I told them . [ birds chirping ] [ shovel clinks ] [ grunting ] [ panting ] My condolences . [ sighs ] [ computer beeping ] " classified level 10 . T.A.H.I.T.I. Project supervisor to director fury . " We 're not criminals . Great . Then we 'll take you in , and you can tell us all about it . At the very least , you 're fugitives . And running away puts a bit of a guilty stink on it , Don 't you think ? Triplett : We 're not hydra . We 're agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. Well , right now , to the rest of the world , That 's the same thing . All right , I 'm gonna tell you how it 's gonna be . You give me actionable intelligence And I 'll allow you to serve time awarded . Your other options are ... Pretty much hell . Do your worst . We have told you of a known hydra agent . He 's getting away , and your little intimidation speech Is keeping us from saving the life of a fellow agent - - A friend . Sister , you haven 't seen intimidation . And right now I 'm you 're only friend . I 'd be careful not to piss me off . The word " agent " implies That your corrupt organization still exists . Your leadership abandoned you for the private sector , And we 're gonna allow that in exchange For valuable assets like yourself . So right now I 'd be thinking hard and fast About exactly what it is that makes you valuable . I am offering you a lifeline here , coulson . Don 't thank me . Just take it , and we 'll be on our way . Don 't see how thanks are in order , Considering you just sold me out And led the u.S. Military straight to fury 's secret base . No , phil . You led us straight to fury 's secret base As part of the deal we made . You can 't be serious . You and I are gonna turn over these abandoned tunnels To the u.S. Government , Who will be ever so grateful to take possession Of an enemy stronghold in their backyard . What about my team ? Well , they 're gonna have to go through the system - - Interrogations - - not gonna happen . [ sighs ] look , talk to talbot . Cough up some meaningless intel about this place - - Nothing significant , of course , Nothing about s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s other installations . [ scoffs ] You 're still protecting your secrets . Is there anything specific you 're afraid I 'll talk about ? T.A.H.I.T.I. Maybe ? Phil - - I 'm a liability . Is that it ? Grow up , phil . Of course you 're a liability . But I know you 'll do the right thing . The right thing ? That 's funny coming from you . After everything you and fury have done ? Look , it was for your own good . For my own good . I know . I get it . You should have been straight with me . I would have kept your secrets like a good soldier . I always have . But instead , you were worried about me When you should have been worried about anyone else . You 're right . We should have seen hydra coming . But after d.C. , they don 't stand a chance . John garrett does . Garrett ? I heard ward took care of him . Ward 's his secret weapon . He killed victoria hand , then raided the fridge , And now he 's got skye , which is where we were headed Until you so rudely interrupted to sweeten your deal . [ sighs ] I vetted ward . You want to make this right ? Stop wasting time . Talbot : Can we move this along ? I 'd like to tear this room apart . Sure , colonel . Knock yourself out . [ panting ] get your people . We need to move . " we " ? [ sighs ] Ward : [ sighs ] how much longer ? Half-hour . You said that a half an hour ago . Weren 't you the one who told me to relax ? Those cops over there keep looking at us . They 're just checking out the waitress . They don 't know You 're pretending to be someone you 're not . [ chuckling ] yeah , all right . Who am I pretending to be ? My impatient boyfriend . I like that cover . What 's the longest you 've been undercover ? Like , deep undercover ? Uh ... Uh , 16 months . When was that ? Mm , about five years outside of the academy . I posed as a russian attaché at the embassy in warsaw . That 's got to be so hard , living a double life like that - - Getting close to people , only to turn on them . [ scoffs ] I don 't know how garrett did it . Garrett ? Think about all that time he spent as your s.O. - - Getting to know you , being your mentor - - Only to lie to your face , betray you like that . It was , uh , difficult to accept . But thankfully , that 's over . Because you took care of him . Can we not discuss this right now ? If you had one more moment before you shot him In the back of the head so heroically , If he was sitting right here And you could say anything you want , what would you say ? Skye . Would you say he 's disgusting ? Would you tell him he 's a disgusting , Backstabbing traitor ? Or to rot in hell ? What are you doing ? I 'm just trying to have an honest conversation for once . They 're starting to clear people out . We should go . No , I think I 'm good here . Skye , we 've been made . Come on . No . I tipped them off . Hail hydra . You two , show me your hands ! Now ! Out of the booth , nice and slow . All right , turn around . Hands on your head . Just be careful . He 's armed . [ grunting ] Skye ! Officers , I surrender ! Slow down , ma 'am . What are you talking about ? No , no . I am an agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. , a wanted fugitive . Take me in . Come on ! What are you doing ? ! Get me out of here ! That 's it ! [ grunting ] I 'll do whatever you - - Skye ! [ gunshots ] Skye , don 't run . You don 't understand ! [ tires squeal ] I 'm not trying to hurt you ! [ screams ] You should be thanking me . I saved your ass . You didn 't save my ass . You turned it into a public spectacle . You let her get one over on you . That 's exactly what garrett was afraid of . And garrett told you to stay out of sight . He ordered me to shadow you . He knew you had a soft spot for skye And she might take advantage of it . Well , he was wrong . We have her . And once she gives us a location , we 'll be off . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . Take a walk . I can handle this . Can you ? You haven 't so far . Garrett says you have five minutes . I can explain . Lying bastard ! Son of a bitch ! You lying - - Stop . Stop . Stop ! Calm down . Okay ? Okay ? It 's over . You can 't win . Okay ? [ both grunt ] Stop . [ handcuffs click ] All this time , Everything we 've been through - - why ? How could you ? I was on a mission . It wasn 't personal . " it was- - " you did not just say that . " it wasn 't personal " ? ! Skye , listen to me . God , I might actually believe that . You - - that I- - that is the twisted logic That they teach you when you sign up to be a nazi . Stop . Wait . I 'm not a nazi . Yes , you are . It is exactly what you are . It 's in the s.H.I.E.L.D. Handbook , chapter one . The red skull , founder of hydra , was a big , fat , freaking nazi . That has nothing to do with today . You know , you always had that hitler youth look to you . So it 's really not that surprising . It 's not like that . I 'm a spy . I had a job . You 've killed I don 't know how many people . You gonna kill me now ? No . I would never hurt you . Once I crack the drive , are you just gonna shoot me Like you did with thomas nash , Or are you gonna have someone else do it , Like you did with quinn ? I didn 't know that was gonna happen . That was all garrett . Oh , of course it was garrett 's fault . That was part of the mission , right ? Just gonna kick back and watch me bleed Until it 's your turn to pull the trigger . You think I had a part in that ? That I would let that happen to you ? You know how I feel about you , skye . Wait . So even though you 've been lying To everyone about everything , You 're saying that your feelings for me - - They 're real , skye . They always have been . [ inhales sharply ] I 'm gonna throw up . [ handcuff clangs ] Do you - - do you think this has been easy for me ? Do you have any idea how hard it was ? The sacrifices , the decisions I had to make ? But I made them . Because that 's what I do . I 'm a survivor . You are a serial killer . And you know what ? You were right about one thing . I wouldn 't like the real you . Someday ... Someday , you 'll understand . No . I won 't . And I will never ... Ever give you what you want . [ beeping ] [ sighs ] ow . [ inhales sharply ] Time 's up . You can tell me where to unlock the drive , Or you can tell him . Mike ... Please . I know you don 't want to do this . It 's not up to me . Yes , it is . I don 't care what they did to you . You 're still mike peterson . You 're still a father . You have a son . Who I left in your hands . I asked you to look after him , skye . Where is he now ? He 's with his aunt , Under the protection of a s.H.I.E.L.D. Team . And what is s.H.I.E.L.D. Today ? Hydra can hurt my son anytime they want , And if I get any funny ideas about rescuing him , They push a little button and blow a hole in my skull . Fitz-simmons will figure out a way - - No . There 's no way out of this , skye . Tell us how to unlock the drive . No . Damn it , skye . You could have shot me back in Italy , But you didn 't . They made quinn do it Because there 's still good in you , mike , And I don 't think you 're gonna hurt me . [ inhales deeply ] You 're right . I won 't hurt you . [ whirring ] [ gasping ] [ electricity crackles ] What - - what - - what did you do to him ? Deathlok : Stopped his heart . His heart ... Isn 't beating . He 's having a heart attack . I can restart it or not . It 's your choice . Skye . You think I don 't want to watch him suffer ? Not suffer - - die . Garrett doesn 't think you 're gonna let that happen . He 's a murderer . Yes , he is . Are you ? [ gasps ] [ handcuff clangs ] Okay , stop . Where do you unlock the drive ? Bring him back ! Where ? 35,000 feet . It 's not based on longitude and latitude . It 's altitude . You 're lying . I 'm not ! You - - I put the password in and I - - I start the hack . And once we reach altitude , it unlocks . Now bring him back . [ whirring ] [ gasping ] [ handcuffs clang ] Put the password in . Start the hack . No tricks . [ panting ] You - - you son of a bitch . Now get the plane in the air . I can 't . I can barely stand . [ electricity crackles ] [ grunts ] That should help . [ panting ] [ controls clicking ] Hill : Maria hill to s.H.I.E.L.D. 6-1-6 . You have 30 seconds to stand down and surrender . I repeat , stand down and surrender . You gonna answer me , ward , or do I have to come over there ? Maria hill . I kind of hoped you went down with the triskelion . And I hoped you weren 't the duplicitous lowlife You turned out to be , but here we are . Gonna be honest with you , hill . I 'm having a pretty bad day . So if I were you , I 'd get the hell out of my way . Mm , give up skye , and we 'll talk about it . Yeah , that 's not happening . You know , I never liked you , ward , Not since our first sit-down , But I never figured you for john garrett 's lapdog . A lot of us lost respect for fury When he picked you as his second . If he needed eye candy around , He could have at least picked romanoff . That 's funny . I 'll tell her you said that . Now hand skye over , Or I 'll have a squad of f-16s knock you on your ass . Even if you had that kind of pull anymore , Which you don 't , coulson would never let you do it . He would never sacrifice skye like that . But you know garrett would . So don 't try and follow us . This doesn 't have to go down like this , ward . You don 't owe garrett anything . You 're wrong . [ engines rev ] You want me to pursue ? No . Their tracking systems are up and running . Just hope we bought enough time . [ whirring ] [ door closes ] [ sighs ] Are you okay ? Did ward hurt you ? No , I 'm okay . But the encrypted hard drive - - I unlocked it for them . Forget that . We need to move . We got to take the cockpit . Wait . You came alone ? It 's okay . I can take ward . No , I know , but how did you get past deathlok ? Deathlok 's here ? On the plane ? Yeah , you didn 't take him out ? New plan - - run ! W-what about you ? Get to the cargo hold - - now . I can 't let you leave , agent coulson . It 's still my plane . [ beep ] I don 't need your permission . [ alarm blaring ] I 've never used a parachute before ! Forget that ! Get in the car ! [ gunfire ] Down ! Get down ! [ whirring ] Buckle up ! [ tires squeal ] [ screaming ] [ grunting ] I told you to buckle up ! [ whirring ] [ screaming ] All right ! [ screaming ] [ panting ] [ thud ] [ whirring ] [ both panting ] That 'll be 20 bucks . I 'm putting the plane down . We need to go after them . No , we don 't . We stay with the plan . I don 't answer to you . Coulson and skye don 't matter anymore . We have the data and garrett wants us back right now . Listen , I 'm not just gonna forget What you did to me back there . You try anything like that again , I will kill you . Wasn 't personal . I was just following orders . Wow . I can 't believe he shot lola . I can 't talk about it . Don 't blame you for going after him . We 'll need a base of operations , weapons , tactical backup . Who do you have working for you ? Okay , wait , wait . Hold on , coulson . There is no more backup . No more hidden bunkers . Oh , come on . I know fury has others . There 's no fury . We 're not bringing the band back together again , coulson . It 's over . There is no s.H.I.E.L.D. Anymore . Well ... Not officially . Look , I get it , okay ? You have to take ward and garrett down . But don 't act like it 's some officially sanctioned mission . It 's a personal vendetta , and when it 's done , you should walk . Let your people go their separate ways . [ sighs ] And what ? Turn themselves in ? Cut a deal ? Work in the private sector ? You know stark would take you in a heartbeat . It 's not my style . [ sighs ] I should go . You know where to find me . Say hello to stark for - - Oh , yeah . Never mind . He thinks I 'm dead . [ door closes ] [ sighs ] Must be some reason why ward did it . Maybe they brainwashed him . Don 't know . Some people are just evil . I 'd rather not believe that . It 's true . I just assumed we 'd be better at spotting it . Tell me that you 're not hydra . What ? I know that it 's ridiculous , But I just need to hear you say it . I 'm not hydra . Yeah , good . Good . And I - - 'cause I 'm not , either . Of course not . Yeah . Because if - - if you ever did ... I wouldn 't . ... I don 't know what I would do . You 'll never have to find out . [ keyboard clacking ] Thought you didn 't eat junk food . I 'm on vacation . Until ... ? [ door opens ] Until that man tells me it 's time to work . Not tonight . Live a little . [ chuckles ] That case , I 'm gonna go crazy . Maybe have another bag . [ chuckles ] [ sighs ] never been homeless before . [ vending machine whirs ] skye : It 's not fun . At least we have a pool . [ beeping , whirring ] [ clang ] We 'll get him . I know . [ inhales deeply ] I left them a little present when I encrypted the drive . Should help . [ chuckles ] Thanks . Nice night . We 'll return in a moment . I was hoping you 'd come back . Ward is - - I know . [ sighs ] hill told me . There 's something you need to see . You wanted to know who was behind t.A.H.I.T.I. ? This is what I found out . [ beep ] Coulson : Good morning , director fury . I regret to inform you that I 'm handing in my resignation . I know you brought me on to project t.A.H.I.T.I. Because you trusted my judgment , And it 's that judgment that 's telling me I can no longer , in good conscience , Let the testing continue . I understand you started the program To potentially save a mortally wounded avenger , But the side effects are too extreme . We had initial success with The regenerative properties of the guest-host tissue , But after the initial physical recovery , The subjects began to deteriorate mentally , Displaying hypergraphia , aphasia , catatonia , Or just complete psychosis . We don 't know if it was the biology at play Or simply the awareness of what was done , But the only course of action that showed any promise Of stemming these side effects was memory replacement - - Erasing completely the awareness Of what they 'd been through . And even those results were very inconsistent . To be clear , I 'm recommending The termination of project t.A.H.I.T.I. Under no circumstances should these procedures Or drugs be administered to anyone ever . The cost is far too great . Thank you , sir . [ beep ] Huh .
