 Software giant ENCOM International has reinstated Alan Bradley as chairman . The justice department announced today that it 'll begin a full-on investigation into the underground movement known as " Flynn Lives " Lead by a mysterious online figure known as ZackAttack this renegade group has been held responsible for acts of subversion against ENCOM Flynn lives ! Flynn lives ! Greetings . My name is ZackAttack . Previously I have been communicating to you through message in code . But as of this morning the landscape has become too difficult and dangerous to operate in . I want to thank the millions of you who have helped to keep Kevin Flynn 's spirit alive , And especially those of you who 've been with us from the beginning . The " Flynn Lives " movement was born out of loss . But Kevin 's genius inspired us all . He saw worlds beyond what we believed to be possible . When he disappeared that future was taken from all of us . Alan Bradley tried to continue Flynn 's legacy . But when ENCOM started losing the software game to Dillinger Systems the shareholders demanded a change . ENCOM was founded around a chess game . Your plan represents everything Flynn was against . That spirit totally got away from the top brass . So we 're all writing Flynn off . You 'll have my resignation by the end of the day . How many employees are you letting go ? With Flynn gone we were no longer in the video game business . It was all corporate . I knew it was over when they brought the cubicles back . I guess getting fired is the best thing that ever happened to me . But you were one of the first of ENCOM 's employees ... Sure . I have this nickname . What do you want to start from ? Just that ? - That question ? Anyway , we were talking about what ? Oh , my TRON nickname . Right . I created a self monitoring computer security system back in ' 82 . I called it TRON . Well the weird thing is ... Flynn took to calling me TRON . All the programmers ran with it and the nickname stayed with me for years . Speaking of which , it 's been 7 years since you 've last seen Kevin Flynn . Do you think there 's anyone out there who still thinks he 's alive ? Mom , it 's doing it again . You created the " Flynn Lives " virus that attacked 40 million PCs last year . I like to think of it as more of an easter egg than a virus . Was the group " Flynn Lives " involved ? No . I acted alone . It was so cool . Are you ZackAttack ? No . And if I was there 's no way you would have ever found me . " Isolated Thinker " ? Well , " Isolated Thinker " helped me pay my legal fees and kept me out of jail . But you did hack into the ENCOM mainframe on behalf of the group , correct ? You can 't talk about that . How do you feel about the " Flynn Lives " movement now , today ? What movement ? It 's totally dead . Publicly ENCOM and I have acknowledged the fact that he is gone . His disappearance was a massive blow , personally and professionally . This was a man with an entire world waiting to see what he was going to do next . So , yeah , I think something 's a little weird that he just totally vanishes . Well , I don 't think he 's dead . Is there anyone in the movement who has seen Kevin Flynn alive and well ? - Where do you think he is ? - I don 't know . They know ! I 'm still trying to see what part they might have in this , but I can 't really ... I don 't know anything about the conspiracy theories or that sort of thing ... - Okay , well that 's the way I want to say it , though I mean , I want to say ... Flynn possessed an undying commitment to his family and his friends . No , Flynn poss - I need to start again ... Years passed , and the voices asking what really happened gradually fell silent . Flynn was gone . Not dead , but gone . We needed to find a new way to reach people . We needed to think like Kevin . Evolution is the greatest force in the material world . Evolution will provide us the next step of intelligent life . But it will come from somewhere unexpected . And then something wonderful happened . Flynn came back . Just a little bit younger . Sam Flynn inspired us . Every year he 'd find a new way to infuriate ENCOM 's board with his pranks . He started doing the work that we had almost given up 10 years ago . We began the search again . This time , millions of you joined us . Flynn lives ! Flynn lives ! Today , Sam Flynn has brought us a little closer to his father by reclaiming ENCOM . But these are confusing times . We may have not found Kevin Flynn , but Flynn lives in all of us who want to believe in him . This will be my last transmission . Greetings , program . What are you doing ? Wiping the hard drive , what does it look like I 'm doing . Looks like you are destroying ENCOM corporate property that 's what it looks like you 're doing . After the news , I didn 't know who to trust . Oh , relax . There 's no need to panic . That 's easy for you to say . Your house isn 't filled with 20 years of corporate espionage . Oh ? And I 'm the one that 's still employed by ENCOM . If my board finds out that I 've been funding your little operation ... Our little operation , Isolated Thinker . Yeah . So what do we do now ? Well , I think it 's time that we put Flynn Lives behind us . What about the page at the arcade ? I 'm not giving up now . Flynn may not be back , but I am . Sam 's made me chairman . Oh yeah , I saw that on the news . Congratulations . And I want you to join me . Think of yourself as ENCOM 's moral compass . - What about Mackey ? - He 's out . They 're all out . We have our company back . And that Dillinger kid ? Well , Junior earned his place . He stays . What about you ? Sign me up , TRON . Good to have you back , RAM . One thing . Why do you think Flynn gave you the cool nickname ? We are reporting live from ENCOM offices , where sources indicate that Sam Flynn is on his way here to address the board . This will be Sam 's first public appearance since - Over here , Sam , one second , over here . How 's it going fellas ? Have a good day . What do you think your father would have said about your actions today ? Sam , do you have any statements for the press today ?
