 The League of Nations thinks it can declare an Arctic Free Zone , and problem solved . Well , it 's been 4 years , and the big 5 are still scratching and clawing for control of Arctic resource development , especially since China bought its way into the argument . Anyone think last week 's ramming of a Danish frigate by a Russian nuke sub was an accident ? No one 's getting the last gas and oil on the planet without a fight . Violence is bound to escalate , and as usual , Canada 's Natural Heritage Land is stuck in the middle . What we need is a League of Nations here on the ground . Off . Now that the ice is gone , everyone wants a piece of the Arctic . Oil , gas , minerals , water . Everyone fighting for their piece of the action . That 's okay . I don 't mind . It 's good for business . See , what really matters is who got here first . And that would be me . Would you listen to me , please , Vic ? It 's your place . You 're the boss ! So be it ! Bettina , I just rent the space ! This is your hotel , your bar . You make these rules , so enforce them ! Who else am I supposed to go to ? We 're at the end of the freaking world here ! You didn 't get paid , too bad . But I 'm not your pimp . Fine ! But I 'm not the one who made the rule about not taking off rubbers in the ZipGrav ! - He did what ? ! - Mm-hmm . - That goddamn little Brit ! - I told him Vic 's gonna be mad . - I 'm gonna kill him ! - He doesn 't listen ! There 's a sign on the door in 12 different languages ! You 're gonna make him pay , right ? You eat half a sandwich , you pay for whole thing . I told him Vic was gonna be mad , but Clive , he doesn 't listen to nobody . You want to run your business in my place , I don 't complain . What are you talking about ? All you do is complain ! - What ? No , I don 't ! - Yes , you do . - Where the hell is it ? - Look in your jacket . I 'm only asking you to take part of the responsibility for once . You bring these nut jobs in here , I end up having to throw them out ! I shouldn 't have to clean up after your clients , Bettina ! Excuse me ? You charge lots of money for this anti-gravity , and I 'm the one who brings you all the business ! You make all this money because I 'm here . I should charge you for all the customers I bring in ! - What ? You should charge me ? - That 's right ! I pay for my room ! - Upkeep is for you ! - No , you bring your clients in the ZipGrav . The responsibility 's yours . That 's why you brought the ZipGrav up here . It 's for seasonal affective therapy ! Oh , please ! You installed a porno program , of course they wanna go in there ! It 's not my fault ! Look , there he is ! You dirty little midget ! Come on ! Come ... - Vic , whatever she told you . - I warned you about this . - It 's not my fault . - See what happens to cheaters ? You signed a contract before going in . No spillage of fluids in the ZipGrav . - No spillage . - That 's right ! - You 're gonna clean it up . - I 'll clean it up . - And pay Bettina . - And pay . Full price . You busy ? Do I look busy ? I 'm not breathing ... I got something to show you . So what 's my surprise ? Caribou meat doubled in price ? Found this on Natural Heritage Land . Looks kinda picked over . How 'd he die ? - Old age ? - Thank you , Doctor . You know who he is ? Not from around here . No I.D. - Anybody see you bring him in ? - I knew you 'd wanna keep this quiet . Yeah , you think ? Let 's get him inside . He kind of smells . I 'll turn down the heat . That your long term solution ? No . I need to figure out who he is . What you need is an air freshener . - Hey , Vic , listen , you ... - You ! Out of my bar ! - No , you should definitely .. - You 're banned . Don 't ban me . Come on , please ? I cleaned everything up like you asked . It won 't happen again . Out ! I need the ZipGrav . I suffer from seasonal affective disorder . It 's party of my addiction transfer program . It 's my lifeline . OK . OK . It 's only that I came to tell you , as a friend mind you , that you 're needed outside . - Why ? - International incident at your front door . Guns , possible loss of life . - Seriously ? - You 're gonna need your Customs jacket . Ms. Freemont , the dump is International Free Zone ... That cub wasn 't at the dump . I 've watched this cub since he was 3 weeks old . He has a tracking chip I put on him myself . Hey , hey , what 's going on ? Vic , tell her . My men wouldn 't go on Natural Heritage land . They shot a bear at the dump . It 's allowed . I 've tracked this cub for the last 7 months . He was on his home range , and suddenly he 's moving at 60km an hour headed for the bar ? You better put that down before you get hurt . Everyone should put everything down . You vodka retards killed this bear on Natural Heritage Land . Clear violation of international Arctic - Vic , the woman is hysterical . - protocol . What 's the legality , Mr. Carboneau ? At what point am I allowed to detain a Russian criminal fleeing Canadian justice ? Detain meaning dropping him with 80 grams of phenyl-bop-halo . OK . I can understand there was an unfortunate accident where foreign visitors , maybe unaware of Natural Heritage Land boundaries ... You 've got to be kidding me . However , since the bear is clearly in Canadian protectorate jurisdiction , I 'll have to impound the bear . The fucking bear is ours ! You 're welcome to appeal , of course ... But then I 'll have to file a section 17 Endangered Species Ap which can delay other Customs activities . They 'll leave the bear . Yeah , I thought so . That 's it ? That 's the penalty for killing an endangered species ? Vic ! Really ? You had to do that ? Hey ! You hurt my crew , you hurt me . Keep your crew in line . They don 't like to be told how to behave in International territory . Especially by a washed-up cage fighter and barkeep . Customs officer . Anyway , International " opportunity " zone but Canadian protectorate . Temporarily . Until the Security Council rules . Well , who knows what the future holds , right ? In the meantime , it 's my signature that you need to take anything in or out . I 'm the rock this little venture rests on . So the bears get left alone , okay ? Let 's not be threatening and ridiculous . If I wanted to , I could shoot everyone here and fly away . And leave all this ? That 'd be a terrible waste , wouldn 't it ? Yes . Yes , it would . You 're welcome , by the way . I don 't need help from you . No , you were doing great . Armed stand off , Russian boot on your throat ... You were what ? In charge ? You set a precedent ! Now anyone can shoot an endangered animal on protected land without consequences . At least I did something about it . Bit of an overreaction , don 't you think ? The Russian I shot gets to wake up tomorrow . My cub doesn 't . What 're you gonna do with him ? Put him back so his mother won 't keep searching for him . Document the birds and animals that feed on the carcass and then put the bones in storage . That hide 's worth something in Moscow . They might come back for it . Yeah , I hope they do . What is that ? Don 't do that ! Don 't override my " off " like that . You don 't answer your phone if I don 't . And I repeat , what is that ? It 's a drunk . He needs to sleep it off . I 'm glad your alcohol poisoning business is thriving , Vic , but can you explain to me how it 's possible that there 's a shooting on the main street of Borealis - overseen by you - and I get the information from the Russian consulate ? ! What do we pay you for ? Yeah , I was gonna call you about that . Too late . I called you . First up . Your " shooting " was a trank dart . No real harm done . You 're there to prevent confrontations with the internationals ! The hothead nut job has been put here by you guys ! Alison Freemont places herself , Vic . She 's an internationally respected biologist with a blog-cast that 's seen in virtually every country in the world . We can 't stop her from saying what she says ! Fine then . But we can try to control her activities , which is another of the jobs you 're not currently doing . Control her how exactly ? She shot a Russian in the ass ! You want peaceful resource exploitation ? Find a way to get rid of her . The government of Canada is not in the getting rid of people business . You should be , everyone else is . I hate this thing . Fucking hell . If you 're a geologist , you 're dead meat . Hey , you scared the crap out of me ! I thought I was alone out here . Is that so ? To answer your question , I 'm not a geologist , OK ? I 'm an archaeologist . Really . You 're American and you 're on National Heritage Land . I 'm not inclined to believe you . Really . I care what you think because ... ? Look , the name 's Dan Reardon . I 'm a post doc from Berkeley . I can show you my I.D. Keep walking . Look , I 'm up here on a research grant to look for remains of early 18th century Russian habitations . Christ . S 'posed to be ready yesterday ! I pay extra for fast fucking turnaround ! I had to fabricate a part . It takes longer . I could order new part from Beijing faster ! Bring it over by boat ! Hey , Roger , since you 're here , you got a minute ? I dunno , Taq , do I got a minute ? Do I got an hour ? Twelve hour ? Look , I need a doctor , and you 're the closest thing for a thousand miles . What ? You got the clap ? No . I got a situation , and I need discretion . Discretion will cost you . Everything costs me . Come on . What , you 're coming too ? Course you are . What do you think ? Hmm , ruptured aorta , fractured skull , internal bleeding ... Yeah , this one falls from a high place . He was on a plateau . You ever heard of aeronautics ? Transportation device that go up in the air ? You think he was dead before he hit the ground ? How am I supposed to know this ? I am psychic suddenly ? I don 't know , I was just asking . I finished my level 5 first aid . I don 't do autopsy . Here . What is this here ? Who carries a 6-inch spike in his long underwear ? Now what ? Try bending him . This is your plan ? Really ? Wait till someone orders the special ? Somebody airstreamed this putz , whoever he is , which means someone 's happy and someone else is probably pissed . Till we know who 's who , and what it is they want ... Well . What have we here ? So many questions . Ramindar , you 've been stationed here what , six , seven months ? Seven months and four days . I came with the first drill rigs 4 years ago . And I can tell you that accidents happen . Accidents . Misadventures , roughhousing gone wrong , the occasional malicious score settling . It 's part of the charm of the place . Goes with last scraps for oil and gas feeding frenzy . There you go . A self cleansing system that 's best left to do its good work . We 're talking potential murder here . No ! You think ? - No . - No way ! People getting beaten to death on Canadian soil provokes my mandate . Beaten to death ? We don 't know that , do we ? No , not really , no . - Look , a corpse in the Free Zone - Taq didn 't find him in the Free Zone . Taq found him on Natural Heritage Land , which is Canadian territory . Well , Taq is a little shaky on the exact location of the boundaries . As an indigenous Inuit person I believe he can ... Half Inuit . Only half . His father was an Irish mix from Kentville or some such place . People with a notoriously poor sense of direction . - Sorry , Taq . No offence . - None taken . All I 'm saying is the corpse could 've been found in the Free Zone . Yeah , yeah . It could 've been . Look , the last thing the government want is public perception that there are murderers on the loose in Borealis . Guy 's pretty battered . Wasn 't that your previous occupation ? Battering people ? You can 't be serious . Who is the deceased ? Either one may answer . - Don 't know . No I.D. - Don 't know . No I.D. Did either of you kill him ? Not to the best of our knowledge . Mr. Quinn , do you agree ? Not to the best of our knowledge . No . Do you agree with Mr. Carboneau that neither of you killed him ? Are you sure you don 't want to separate us so there 's no collusion ? - I believe I can recognize collusion . - OK . For God 's sake , Private , that 's a human being ! Be careful . - Sure thing , boss . - Lieutenant . Why were you trying to hide a corpse ? We weren 't . Just trying to keep it cold , lieutenant . That 's what I was gonna say . - Is that collusion ? - I dunno , is it ? May seem funny now , but when it 's read back to you in a courtroom ... Oh . Bad news ? Seems a senior government bureaucrat has decided I should not be detaining you . - Oh , good then . - Wow , look at the time . It 's not over , Vic . I intend to pursue my investigation . - Excellent . I 'd like my spike back . - If it 's anyone 's property , it 's John Doe 's . I 'll keep it on his behalf . OK , there 's some , you know , personal information on there that 's not really , Whoa , whoa , whoa ! That 's a single malt from my own stock . You can 't ... Sit . This is a bad place to camp . I 've pitched tents all over the world . I have bear repellent . Good camp habits . Try using bear repellent while Samantha 's licking out the inside of your skull . Twelve-year-old polar bear who just lost her cub to some Russian rig-pigs . You won 't even see her coming . - You can set up in the yard tonight . - Outside ? You 're not getting my bed . Tomorrow I 'll take you to town . - What about the bear ? - I got a hi-freq grid . You 're safe inside 100 meters . I recognize that from your blog . Free-Mountain Blog , exposing corporate malfeasance , political ineptitude , media complicity . Required viewing for my students . You have students ? Post doc comes with teaching requirements . And yes , many of my grad students are older than me . Anyways , I 'm a big fan . Proud to sleep in your dirt . Can I offer you a drink later ? It 's really good scotch . I 'm not concerned about the quality of your scotch . I 'm more concerned with who paid for it . You ever work ? Yes , I work all the time . Vikings gave me 2 days off , but it 's not worth going anywhere . So , what happened to your addiction transfer ? Hog all the weightlessness ? It 's not going so great . I 've got 2 addictions . Cheers . You patch things up with Bettina ? She 's still pissed off . I 'm working on it . Hey , you uh ... - You know this guy ? - He 's looking poorly . - Viking ? - Not one I know . Can you find out for me ? Free hour of ZipGrav in it for you . And I know it 's not your strong suit , but if you could be discreet ? I 'm your man ! God . Alison ? That her ? Samantha ? Look , can I come in ? That sound 's a little unnerving . Close the door . - Who do you work for , Dan ? - I told you . USC at Berkeley . I turn off that barrier in the night and you 're all hers . So who 's funding your research ? Polar Expetroleum ? Motron ? Or maybe the Chinese are recruiting abroad now . OK , it 's true . Polar Ex is a significant contributor to my university , but the work is still legitimately academic . So what do you do when you find evidence of early Russian habitation ? Bury it ? Destroy it ? Look , I can 't do my work without funding . Polar Ex pays the bills . You know , just my luck the ... the best possible result of my best-funded project ever will be to find nothing . That 's the first thing that you 've said that sounds like the truth . Well , welcome to Borealis . I came here to study wildlife . Instead I 'm presiding over the disappearance of one species after another . Don 't make me go back out there . Ok , look , I will not move from my office box , I promise you that , OK ? Carboneau 's hanging in there , but Murdock 's younger and faster . There is some serious dark streak in that man and you do not want to let him use those legs . Carboneau better get him to the floor if he can . Ooh ! Murdock catches Carboneau with the knee and he goes down . He 's hurt . He 's hurt . Murdock follows up with a devastating kick to the head ! This is over . Carboneau 's not mov ... Oh my god , he 's not moving . Murdock follows up with a devastating kick to the head ! This is over . Good morning . You feel like making time-and-a-half ? Let me finish my pancakes . Not me . Wasyl . Time and a half and you 're paying ? Why ? You wanna watch ? Here 's what I need you to do . Vic ! Vic What are you getting me into ? I told you to be discreet , didn 't I ? It turns out Road kill 's a Norwegian archaeologist . Thorvald Sigurdsson . You didn 't mention he was tossed from a bird . Yeah . Slipped my mind . The Vikings don 't even know yet . So what happened ? Come here . The Norwegians have got their own little history dig going on . Hoping to prove up claims to get a bigger share of the gas pool . Thorvald 's last seen heading to the Russian dig site , and not seen alive again . - They don 't report him missing ? - They think he 's still out there ... digging , I guess . They won 't be cool to hear the Russkies capped him . Russians ? You sure about that ? I know the pilot of the bird that dropped him . Now everyone knows I 've been asking around . The Vikings are gonna think I had something to do with it , the Russians are gonna think I ratted them out- - Calm down , all right ? I don 't like this . I 'm not asking no more questions for you . It 's gonna be fine . Relax . - An hour of ZipGrav coming to ya . - And a fucking drink . And a drink . I need to go to the Russian sector dig site . Wanna come ? No . I could use a back up . I think Alexi might still be pissed at me . For breaking his nose in 3 places ? I can 't imagine why . - Please ? - I 'm not in the bodyguard business . A favour then , to be repaid at some point in the future . If you have one . I , uh ... I had this weird dream last night . I 'm wandering through the tundra , passing all these Inuit . But it was like it was some other time . Sealskin clothes and stuff . And no one 'll look at me . They 'll talk to me , but it 's like they 're looking at my chest . You had the dream . What dream ? The man with no head dream . Old story that people tell . About a thousand years ago they found a man , European of some kind , wandering around the stone house without a head . We ask him , what are you looking for ? But he can 't answer . He has no head . So they leave him there . Place became known as ... " House of the Man with No Head . " You make up this shit just to screw with me , don 't you ? Let 's go . I was hoping to speak to you about a recently discovered dead body . Foul play suspected . Suspected by who ? By me . You 're investigating a murder ? Who found the body ? - Carboneau . - Vic ? No , I don 't think so . Taq maybe . Well , perhaps I could stop by your research station as part of my investigation . I , uh ... I often watch your blog and I think we have a lot in common . Extra room , so I 'll move to town for a while . I should get my gear out of your vehicle . Dan , have you met Lieutenant Ramindar Singh ? Where are you going , customs man ? Are you lost ? Hey , I like what you 've done with your nose . Very nice . - No , no , no . - You 're not in Canada anymore . Vic here is our first tourist . We want him to come back . A tour . That sounds delightful . May I ? For nearly 300 years , this lay undetected . A Russian explorer presumed lost at sea . We have most of his remains . Most ? All but the head . It will almost certainly settle our national sovereignty claim in this area . Ever hear of a Thorvald Sigurdsson ? Norwegian archaeologist ? He fell outta one of your choppers the other day . I 'm sorry the Norwegian decided to jump . This climate affects some more than others . The pilot would confirm that suicide , I suppose . If he were still with us , yes . He went back to Vladivostok yesterday . And your interest in this is what ? Almost none . I would just like to be reassured that this isn 't gonna blossom into some kind of turf war . Bad for everyone . Certainly a dead issue from my perspective . So your headless fella here , you sure he 's Russian ? Oh yes . Vladimir Constantinov . He claimed this territory for the Russian empire in 1741 . This is what brought Mr. Sigurdsson here . He believed that Constantinov had retraced the steps of some Norwegians from previous centuries who had claimed the territory for themselves . But based on ironworks we 've found , the Vikings Constantinov followed were actually Russians from Novgorod . So either way , it 's a Russian site . Maybe that 's why Sigurdsson was so depressed . I wonder how your Russian lost his head . No doubt from asking too many questions . Any luck ? If I had , I wouldn 't be sat here , would I ? Well , could be worse . You could be dumped out of a helicopter on Heritage Land . How are they taking it ? Who ? - His mates . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . There 's no point trying to keep it a secret . The goofs at the army base know , so it 's only a matter of time till everyone finds out . The Vikings don 't know yet , and they 're not gonna hear it from me , all right ? I 'm putting it out there on my blog , so you 're safe . Well , I shouldn 't , but ... Oh Christ , that 's good . Research funded single malt . As predicted , Borealis is incrementally disintegrating into a lawless nest of thugs , rogues , and now maybe murderers . Norwegian scientist Thorvald Sigurdsson died after falling or being thrown from a Russian helicopter . - Oh no , she didn 't . - Why ? No one knows . - You gotta be kidding me . - But it 's clear what 's needed is a moratorium on the Free Zone 's resource exploitation . It 's a disaster for the local environment , the global environment , for Canada 's slender sovereignty claims , and now for the tenuous rule of law . Alison Freemont . Questions about the death of Norwegian archaeologist Thorvald Sigurdsson will not go away . - Your spike . Just the usual . - No problems ? Vikings aren 't going to like that . Yeah , I don 't like it much myself . - Murdering Russians ! - No ! Sven ! No . Don 't do it , buddy ! Easy , easy . Come on , stop it . Stop struggling . Stop . You guys might wanna get the hell outta here . Finish your drinks and get the fuck outta here ! Now ! Stop , come on . Come on . Easy , buddy . Stop struggling . Stop it . You good ? You good ? OK , buddy , come on . Come on . Someone 's going to kill them . Maybe not me . But someone . Hey ! Hey ! You got any clue what you 've done ? Oh , don 't act like you 're trying to preserve the peace in Borealis . - Piece of the action , more likely . - You just started a war ! Good . With any luck , the League of Nations will show up , stop the drilling , and send you idiots home . You gotta be kidding me . Look , are you nuts ? You don 't go after the Russians alone ! You have pissed off some dangerous people ! Do you not get this ? Oh , I get it . I just happen to think you 're all equally dangerous and oblivious . Listen to me . These people answer to no one , okay ? They don 't care that you 're famous and loved by millions , all right ? They will kill you in your sleep and not ever think about it again . Anton intends to take over Borealis . You wanna fight him , fine . Fight him smart . Nothing I said on my blog was untrue . Nothing . I 'm not saying it was untrue . I 'm saying it was indiscreet . Now we have a huge problem , and you 're right in the middle of it . Wake the hell up , OK ! - Everyone 's mad at me . - Really ? I wonder why . You spewed everything you know to Alison Freemont , the one person who 's most likely to tell ten billion people worldwide . Stuff you were supposed to keep quiet for me ! She already knew ! Most of it anyway . The Vikings are mad , the Russians are mad , you 're mad ... I can 't go back to the rigs till things calm down . I need a room . Please . You got me into this . You owe me that much . Give me 7 . The Danes kinda trashed it , but it 's empty . You 're a good man , Vic . I won 't forget this . That from the Russian dig ? What 's it to you ? If you wanna know where it came from , foundry marks might tell you more . I have a bit of background in this kind of thing . Really . I know you don 't like coming to town . Not that I blame you . Not the sort of community I 'd hoped to find when I was posted here . It 's not a community , Ramindar , it 's a human refuse pile . What exactly can I do for you ? Your rather public accusation of criminal activity in Borealis leads me to believe that you know more about the situation than you are sharing . - And ... ? - And I think you should tell me what you know about the murder of Thorvald Sigurdsson . I have been doing some investigating myself . In fact , I want you to look at something . You want me to look at your stapler ? I gotta go . Not my ... Wait ! I actually did have a piece of evidence . I .. Wasyl ! Okay . Here 's the match I was looking for . It was forged in the Holmgard ironworks , now the Russian city of Novgorod , between 1000 and 1100 AD . So it really is a Russian spike . Amazing . - Yes and no . Holmgard was a Viking town , settled on land that in later times was absorbed by the Russian empire . Not made by people of , shall we say , Russian descent . So how did it get here ? It wasn 't nailed in a Russian ship . It came in somebody 's pocket . Last month , there was a robbery in a museum in Oslo where Thorvald Sigurdsson worked . So you can prove that it 's stolen . No . No , it 'd be pretty tough , I mean , it takes a lot of these things to make a ship . Once it 's documented in the archaeological site , it 's legitimate . How many spikes were stolen ? Six . Vic ! Vic , you have to come right away ! Come , please ! What ? - Which one next ? - Anti immune RNA blocker . Yellow . Yellow ! Have you ever seen this work ? The nano beavers crave disruption in the tissue . If he can be revived , they 'll do it . - He was dead Ok . - Hold that . - Put that there . - He 's breathing . Whoever did this thought it 'd be cute to snuff him in the ZipGrav , but it actually kept him from bleeding out . His brain might be shot , but I guess we 'll find out . It was the Russians did this . Alexi and Nicolai . I saw them hanging around here . Keep the pressure on . We need to talk . I find myself needing to remind my foreign guests of our little Canadian sovereignty issue . Remember ? I also really don 't appreciate finding my friends semi murdered on my premises . Clive violated the terms of his agreement . Sensitive information is of little value if it 's shared indiscriminately . - And Sigurdsson ? - He got greedy . Used the threat of " going public " as his leverage . Mistaking this as public . You keep mistaking this as Russian . Please , Vic . I know you like to think of this as Canadian territory , but I 'm not paid to embrace others ' delusions . You have a reputation for adapting to new circumstances . Feel free to start anytime . And if I don 't ? You end up like Clive . I 'm sorry to be blunt , but this is the world we live in . You and I can work together , or you can leave . These are your options . No . No , I 'm not going anywhere . This is my place . I built it . I own it . It 's mine . And you are here because I allow you to stay . Understood ? Now where 's your other boy ? Hm ? The one who helped slit my friend 's throat . I don 't think I 'll tell you . You know what , it 's okay . I 'll wait . Sooner or later , everybody comes to Vic 's . Russians . Shit . I don 't know why I care about him so much . He 's just trouble all the time . I never saw anybody dead come back . How did you learn to do that ? I had a good cutman . He gave me his kit when he left the business . Showed me how to use the nano-beavers . Did you ever kill a man when you were a famous fighter in Montreal ? No . Did someone kill you ? And you came back ? Like Clive ? Sometimes I see your hand and it shakes a little . Yeah , well , there you go . Let me know if he wakes up . Why do you stay in this shit hole ? You have the money to get out . You have the citizenship to go where you want . Why do you stay here ? I 'm not sure what to do with this . Nicolai . He went back for the cub . - You did this ? - Don 't be an idiot . - Where 's his head ? - Found some skull fragments , bits of hair , but I didn 't try to pick them all up . I 'm guessing Samantha , you know ... helped herself . Well . We could put him in the freezer , I guess . So , did I dream I was the headless Russian , or was I the one without the head ? Beats me . Your dream . Voilà ! Nice . My mom was a soapstone carver . Is that so ? I did not know that . Hey ! - Good morning . - Morning . There was an explosion last night at the dig site . Really ? You know , those little compressed heaters are great unless they leak . The solar ones are much safer , don 't you think , Taq ? Yeah . Not as warm , though . - True . - You know , we inspected the debris very carefully , but for some reason the only thing we could not find evidence of were the ship 's nails we discovered . You 'd think a fragment of one of them would remain . You 'd think . Well , I 'm almost certain they 'll turn up somewhere . We can only hope . Oh , I don 't know if you 've heard . The League of Nations has appointed a liaison officer to Borealis . Svetlana Virchou . New neighbours . Good . Yeah , I wondered when they were gonna move in . I suppose all the recent commotion has attracted the League 's attention and they saw the need to put an international authority figure here on the ground . Russian , by chance ? I don 't know . You 'll have to ask her . This man should be dead . He was . You glued this sucker hooligan back together for what reason ? He was bleeding on my floor . What Anton causes to be dead , you bring back to life at your own peril . He going to walk and talk again or what ? If you 're lucky , he will finish dying . If he lives , he could be a human turnip . Thank God you 're not a real doctor . I 'll spend my fee at your bar . Tell Darion to start a new chit . No , I can 't use Xanadu , it 's a proper noun . - Taq , what are you doing ? - I 'm playing Scrabble . Hey , do you know a word that starts with X ? Well , this should be interesting . Vic Carboneau . Customs official . I also own this place . Svetlana Virchou , Special Envoy from the League of Nations . - I know . Can I get you a drink ? - Not at ten a.m. It 's the Arctic . Day and night aren 't the same thing here . I wanted to introduce myself because I know what an influential figure you are , here in Borealis . - Really . - Customs official , air-strip owner , hotelier , supplier of goods to the international interests . - Here you go , Vic . - Only legal ones , of course . Of course . I know for example , you provide a setting for lonely young rig workers ... to meet ... Shall we say new friends ? - I 'm sentimental that way ... - You sell them refreshments , introduce them to games of chance ... Anything to make their time here more pleasant . You wouldn 't think it , but you and I have a lot in common . - Do tell . - You need harmony in the community and a balance of political power to keep your philanthropic enterprises functioning . And so do I. Exploiting the Earth 's last major oil and gas field is a competitive business . It can lead to political tension . - I hate political tension . - We all do . You may find this hard to believe , but certain people have tried to get me to leave my useful work here . - Shocking ! - I know . Luckily , I am not easily moved . Lucky for everyone . Yes , I think we 'll turn out to be great friends , you and I. I do hope so . In the meantime , let me know if there 's anything you need for your new quarters . Furnishings , restocked bar , small white envelopes with ... whatever you like . That won 't be necessary . I 've come with all the necessities of life . What did she want ? Nothing . She wants to be friends . Why would she want to be friends with you ? Why would anyone want to be friends with you , for that matter ? Exactly . - What 's the story here ? - Stuff came in for the Danes . Let 's see what we got . Mudcat parts , mother boards , frak shots , canned herring . Five cases of Aquavit . Four . Four cases of Aquavit . Four cases of Aquavit . What the hell are you doing ? Ah , Bettina . I said , what are you doing ? . My man here lost his scan key .. If you touch Clive again , somebody finishes you ! Why are you telling me my business ? Do I tell you yours ? Do I say ... A Chinese likes it this way , a Norwegian like that ? No , I don 't . If Vic catches you here , you are dead men , both of you ! Watch someone doesn 't boil you in a pot . What 's going on here ? I caught them try to break in . They 're going after Clive again . This bitch is hysterical . Watch your mouth . You don 't touch Anton . I don 't care if the whore is your wife . Stop ! Stop ! Wasyl , what the hell are you doing ? They were going to attack Clive , Bettina caught them . Going to ? Your private here is a mind reader ? Wasyl ? They were disrespecting Bettina . So you punched him ? Please , I 'm sorry . I apologize for my private 's behavior- - That is not good enough . - Now he 's all offended ... - Shut up . Private Demchuk 's actions are inexcusable and- - He sucker punched me ! I 'm launching a formal complaint with the League of Nations . I was assaulted by a drunk Canadian soldier . I want satisfaction . You deserved it , you little twat . Private ! Be quiet ! You fight me fair , that 's something else . Anytime . You have every right to launch an official complaint , but I would ask that in everyone 's interest , you please accept an apology ... I 'm not apologizing to you . No way ! He should be apologizing to Bettina . Gentlemen , if the issue is that the punch wasn 't fair , then make it a fair fight . You bet . I 'll fight this little garden gnome anytime . No , no . I can 't take responsibility if your man gets injured . We 'll make them sign off . Cage fight . It 'll good for the town , people like a little distraction ... No . He 's a soldier in my command . If he injures a civilian ... It 's either this or the L.O.N. Looks like you need lubricant . I 've got aquavit . There are a dozen ways to tell me you 're coming . Don 't just show up . - I 'm old fashioned . - No , you 're not . You 're strategic . Drink ? Another gift to customs ? Sometimes , I don 't understand my own popularity . You got glasses ? So , you met the new Special Liaison from the League of Nations ? Yeah , we 've met . It 's going to be a bright new day for some of us . She follows my blog , she 's sensitive to environmental issues . You didn 't fail to notice those heavily armed lugs in red berets , did you ? No more commercial incursion into Natural Heritage Lands , no more drunk hunters shooting the place up . And you trust her ? More than the idiot crowd of slobbering greed heads I 'm usually surrounded by . Actually , you 're surrounded by marmots , that aren 't even indigenous . All right , you 've made a new friend , good for you . And not so good for you . Thanks for the drink , or maybe I should thank the Danes . Now , I 've got work to do . I was ... Zip it up on your way out . Yeah , okay . I brought you some food . You need to eat something . Okay , some porridge . Not too hot . Come . Here , come on . Please . Chew . Good . You 're so lucky . Not many men come back from being dead as you . Stay . I told Vic you were going to be okay . Here , come on . Okay , so what were you thinking ? Drunk on duty , undisciplined , slovenly . You 're making us look like idiots . Lieutenant Singh ? I am the de facto authority here but of course , with the international free zone definition phrased as loosely as it is ... I see the position you 're in , yes . I can investigate , but not arrest , inquire , but not prosecute . It 's maddening . Someone with your obvious talents ... it 's a waste . Do you know what our biggest problem is here ? Vic Carboneau . He has some kind of government protection , otherwise I would have had him arrested long ago . Whatever goes wrong in Borealis , he 's usually at the root of it . In what way ? Graft , corruption , illegal activities of all kinds . The Russians believe he stole some artifacts from their archeological site recently , some ships ' nails . The list goes on and on ... A League of Nations presence in Borealis can be a terrific resource for you , Ramindar . We have common goals , order and public safety . If we work as a team , I see no reason why a posting like this couldn 't turn into a career win for you . - More tea ? - Please . Svetlana Virchou is clean . No affiliations , no skeletons in the closet ... Swiss or Austrian possibly ... raised in Argentina by diplomat parents . I rolled out the welcome carpet , there was no uptake . Someone else has to be paying her . You 've got a dark and suspicious turn of mind , Vic . I learned it from you , ma 'am . Maybe she 's actually what she says she is . No , no . Everybody comes to Borealis to make money everybody ! And I got no problem with that . I just wanna how she plans to do it and how much it 's going to cost me . This is not about your hobbies or side deals . L.O.N. presence in Borealis represents a serious threat to our Arctic sovereignty . Well , can 't you just make an official complaint and have her replaced with someone you own ? You 're all we have up there , so try not to get killed or arrested or otherwise incapacitated , alright ? Volkov is pushing the L.O.N. hard . If the Russians get the ruling they want , they 'll have a stranglehold on the world 's oil supply . What is that sound ? I don 't know . What the fuck is going on ? What is he on ? I don 't know , but I 'm not gonna ask him . You are a true humanitarian , Taq . - He 'll hurt himself ! - Somebody better do something . Come on , buddy . It 's all right , it 's Vic ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! - I could use some help , here . - I think you 're doing great . What are you on ? You 're breaking my shit ! Fuck that ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! That 's right . What are you , nailed down or something ? What 's going on here ? Nothing . Bataar is normally a pretty happy drunk , especially on pay day . Any idea what 's actually in his system ? Blood reads clean . I don 't know . Maybe ... Maybe the ghost-meth-pogo . I 've heard about " meth - pogo " . What 's with the " ghost " ? Ghost , it masks itself in the blood for the first couple days . You can only find it in trace elements after the full metabolism . This is how the rig-pigs beat the screen . Is he gonna be any calmer when he wakes up ? - Depends on how much he took . - I 'll be outside . Ghost - meth is an internationally banned substance . Its presence here should be very troubling to you in your capacity as customs officer . It is . Deeply . I would hate to find out he got it from you . I would hate for you to find that out too . You have a quick temper , Mr. Carboneau . I found it useful in my previous occupation . But those days are over . Aren 't they ? I think she likes you . How should I set the odds ? Bunch of guys want in on this . What 're you talking about ? Wasyl against the new Russian in the cage . Five to one is generous ... Wasyl is a heavy favourite . Wasyl ? Why the hell doesn 't anybody tell me anything around here ? What new Russian ? Sergei something or another . Sergei ? Hello , Anton . You 're new here , right ? I 'm Vic Carboneau . I own this place . Care to join us , Vic ? There 's a new drug in town , Anton . Really ? And because Sergei here is new , he may not know the rules about drugs in Borealis . We love ' em . Recreational whatever , booze of all kinds , it 's all good fun . I don 't even take a piece of the action , I just collect a small tax for the government of Canada , that 's it . Except for drugs that cause people to go berserk on themselves or others . That 's a non starter around here . Like the fucking crap the Mongolian took . We don 't take that . Drugs like this are ... a destabilizing influence . The new L.O.N. presence might be signaling a certain lack of confidence in customs enforcement . Could be a whole new set of rules on the horizon . L.O.N. can have any rules they want . I still have mine . I understand you 're getting in the cage with Wasyl . He sucker punched me . We 'll see how tough he is in a fair fight . I dunno , a grain fed prairie farm boy ? Dumb as a sack of hammers but fucking tough . I have been in one or two farms in my life as well . What , are you living here now ? Clive seems to do better when I 'm around . All right . Notining wrong with his appetite . Well , I have to feed him , but yeah , he 's eating good . His hands work better now . He likes to put them here , like this . You sure he 's not conscious ? Well , he 's sort of half here and half not , I don 't know . Do you think he 'll ever be right again ? Too soon to know . Listen , do you think it 's weird Anton and Sergei tried to get in the back way ? And just then , Wasyl shows up ? Wasyl follows me like a puppy . You know that . Yeah , everyone knows that . Even Anton . They 're looking for you everywhere . The Mongolian " awaked " . Oh , shit ! Bataar ! Hey , buddy . Can you tell me what you took ? Needle ? Pill ? Pill . Okay . What color was it ? Blue ? Like his pants ? Purple ? Purple . Purple . A purple pill . Okay . Can you take him back to the Chinese sector and see if you can keep him home for awhile ? I 'll do my best . I 'm going to need some help . Hello , Vic . So , just a review : you have a Chinese rig worker ... - Mongolian . - High on a banned recreational drug ... - Which he did not get from me . - ... but which he was enjoying in your ZipGrav . I won 't even get into the book-making , the pilfering of goods held in trust by customs . The Danes complained to me about missing Aquavit . - I thought you weren 't going to get into it . - You think nothing can happen to you , but you 're wrong . Borealis is about to change for the better and that is not good news for you . Let me guess , Svetlana Virchou is about to become your new best friend , right ? If the L.O.N. puts its security muscle behind the Canadian authority on the ground ... - Meaning you . - whatever protection you 've been getting from Ottawa is going to melt away like the last iceberg . Are you really this stupid ? You actually think L.O.N. wants to protect Canadian sovereignty ? L.O.N. is about order and good government and so am I. L.O.N. is about taking control of a place and selling it off to the highest bidder . Suez , Panama , Borneo , Madagascar , Nepal ... In case you haven 't noticed , we are sitting on the last oil and gas reserve on the planet . You think they don 't want a piece of that ? You 're about to become Svetlana Virchou 's valet . You heard it here first , friend . I brought you something . I used to have a cat who brought me presents like that . Yellow breasted meadow lark . Given the plumage , I 'm guessing it 's a male . Yeah . Never documented this far north . That 's crazy . You know , the ancient Romans believed that flights of birds were a portent . - Of what ? - That 's the question isn 't it ? I have tea or Aquavit . - Tea please . - Come on . You seem more interested in biology than archeology . Yeah . I guess I don 't really draw a rigid line . I 'm up here looking for human-specific sites , but it 's all environment , the living and the dead . Even the oil 's transformed vegetation and dinosaurs . And yet you never seem to find anything . True . I guess I 'm not very good . Really , it 's just an excuse to wander around and camp out . Anyways , I do find some things . Like this Arctic fox den . It 's hidden along the Sirmlik Ridge . Oh my God ... Don 't show this to anyone in town . No , of course not . You never know with some of those idiots . Maybe with the L.O.N. around , we can finally start keeping animals like this alive . Hoshi , I need some help . I 'm trying to run a guy : Russian ; Sergei Krutinulov ; born 2011 , Volgograd . Supposedly graduated as a mechanical engineer , but based on his facial scars , unless he 's beating himself daily with a slide rule , there ain 't no way he 's an engineer . I 'm going to send you the link . At your convenience . Please . Your most humble servant ... Victor . Let me guess : Ms. Virchou requests the pleasure of my company . You have got some really nice stuff in here . - Thank you . - I really like these chairs . Nice ! Lightweight , shiny , stackable ... Would look great in my bar . So , bad news , Vic : I 've been alerted that certain archeological material , specifically thousand-year-old ship spikes , were recently stolen from a Russian dig site . No ! I 've been told they may have been confiscated by customs . I was told you were second runner up in Miss Teen Geneva 2029 . Well , maybe we were both misinformed . Did Anton tell you I took those spikes ? I 'm not big on blaming . If the Russians get their property back , there 'll be no reason to pursue the matter further . If the Russians get their property back , they 'll use it to consolidate their sovereignty claim on the whole territory . I don 't care if they want to build a new ship and sail it back to Russia ... not really the point , is it ? I have to say , I am struggling to understand the point as it relates to you . - Good works and harmony , Vic . - Good works and harmony ... Don 't do it . Bataar , don 't do it ! Bataar ! Can you send the body back to the family ? No . I 'll take him out to the dump for the bears . Don 't give me that fucking look . It 's called the casting out ceremony . The Mongols , they believe their last virtuous act is to give their body to the animals . You people don 't know anything . - You should 've kept him at home . - You try and keep him at home ! Mongols , they do what they want . Look , he got the side-effects , okay ? That 's why he came back here , to get the son of a bitch who gave it to him . Bad choice . - You see it ? - One kick . Bullet to the brain would have been slower . Pace is a dead man . Profile 's cooked up . Sergei Krutinulov was kicked off the Russian army 's special forces in 2038 . He went in the fight circuit in South-East Asia under the name Ivan Fiorin . Found a new career in corporate special assignments . What kind of assignments ? The kind where someone ends up dead somewhere in the world . What 's he doing in Borealis ? He didn 't come for Bataar . Or Wasyl , I 'm guessing . The more your town appears out of control , the better case the L.O.N. has to take over . The Russians have to believe that 's good for them . This is about the spikes . They killed a Norwegian and now a Mongolian for those spikes . They won 't stop now . Be careful ! You wanna be the big dog around here ? Arrest the Russian ! He killed an unarmed Mongolian in the middle of the street ! In self defense . Who do you think brought in the ghost meth ? - You . - Raminder , why the hell would I bring that shit into my bar ? You think I want people chewing on my furniture , - clawing holes in my walls ? - So why would anyone sell it ? To make us all look bad , so the dragon lady can swoop in and pretend to fix it all after we 're gone . - You 're paranoid . - Oh , for fuck 's sakes . Wasyl ! Listen to me : Sergei killed Bataar with a single blow in a fraction of a second . Is that how you want to die , huh ? Pulling up your jock strap as you step into the ring ? Someone 's got to show these Russians whose country they 're screwing with . If we just roll over , what 's the point ? Why even put the uniform on ? There 's brave and there 's just plain stupid . Which one are you going to be , Wasyl ? I 'm not chickening out . Then you 're going to die . You know that , right ? Look , I 'm not backing down . We 're doing enough of that around here already . It 's not why I signed up . What happened here ? - Bear broke into it last night . - In the middle of town ? Yep . You might want to keep that in mind next time you 're strolling around after dark . Such magnificent creatures . It 's criminal they 're reduced to this . Stealing my expensive and hard earned meat supply ? Yes . Criminal . Even the wildlife gets a piece of the action in Borealis . Any idea how cynical you sound , Vic ? Some . I got no problem with people protecting their turf . I get it . I just don 't understand what it is you 're trying to protect . - The peace . - Really ? - Then arrest Sergei . - It was self-defense . No . Not for Bataar , for Wasyl . For the crime that 's about to be committed . Two men who sign waivers willingly step into a cage . You know something about this . It 's not my place to stop it . Fine . Then do it to stop the ghost meth . Sergei 's the one who brought it in . Neither one of us can prove that and even if we could , once I start down the road of arresting people for bringing in drugs ... you see how this ends badly for me and probably you too ? Excellent point . Stolen Russian artifacts on the other hand ... I don 't know why you like Anton 's money better than you like mine . You see the world as black and white . Grey and darker grey . Life is a multicolored fabric , Vic . Don 't assume I hold only one viewpoint at a time . Vic , they 're tearing up your place ! - Who is ? - Her guys ! You don 't make it easy to stay friends with you , lady . You hit me with that and you 'll miss your buddy 's funeral , I 'm not kidding . You up on territorial homeowners ' rights ? I 'm allowed to kill anything that comes unwelcome through that door . There are two ways to leave this room , you pick . Okay . I 'm glad everyone is having a nice time , screwing in my hotel , eating my food , drinking my booze . But the free ride is over . Yeah , I 'm starting to feel a little bit better , Vic . No shit . Bettina was just helping me relearn certain sensations . - I think he 's almost back to normal . - Why is that my business ? Why is it your business , for that matter ? Why shouldn 't I help him ? He 's got a second chance to live , who wouldn 't want that ? You 're alive enough to do this , you 're alive enough to get a job and pay your way . Call off your man . And what have you done for me lately ? Call him off or you and I are going to have a very big problem . You and I , we already have a problem . You stole archeological materials that are very important to me . - I don 't have your spikes . - Spare me . We are grown men , are we not ? We can speak plainly . I know who Sergei is . Then you know the loudmouth Canadian soldier will surely die if he sets foot in that cage . Bring me my spikes , maybe he lives . These are my terms . - You shouldn 't count on my affection for that half wit Canadian soldier ... Whatever you say , Vic . So you 're just gonna let Sergei kill Wasyl ? Why is this my problem ? I came up here to make some money and get the hell back down south ... It 's not my job to look after all these half-wits and invalids , alright ? That 's how I felt when you arrived . I 've got a business to run . Shipping manifests to forge , I don 't have time for this . Yes , you 're a busy , busy man , I know . You think Anton would pull Sergei off if he got the spikes ? That 's what he says . Doesn 't really matter if the Russians run the place . Just another set of white guys . You all kind of look alike , you know that ? Thanks . You could cut a deal with Anton . They think they can come in here and take something I built with my own two hands . And my two hands . - Okay . - And somewhere in there there were Sikh hands . The point is , Borealis is mine . At least , this part of it , and I 'm not giving it up . Plus , he 's using Wasyl to get to me . I hate that . Good thing that 's not working . Clive . Clive ? Hey . Okay . It 's okay . I was just walking and then ... I don 't know how to describe it ... It was like my brain exploding . Tiny pieces of me flying up and spreading out until I 'm so thin ... Like I 'm not here anymore , like I 'm just ... gone . Do you know what I mean ? - Yeah . - And then suddenly , I 'm back here and there 's this huge weight on me , and I 'm trying to keep myself together , to stop myself from flying apart again but it feels impossible ... Seems like when you die , not all of you gets to come back . Who made that rule ? I got nowhere to go , Vic . The rigs won 't take me ; the Russians still want me dead . Meanwhile , I 'm walking around like I 'm half here with the rest of me following behind like a cloud of fucking mosquitoes . I 'm not so sure death was a bad thing , man . You touch me and I 'll stamp that beret down your throat . It 's all right . It 's all right . Come inside , please . Arctic fox , killed on natural heritage land . There are only six breeding pairs in Scandinavia , maybe only thirty in North America . Who did this ? I don 't read Cyrillic . But maybe you do . Why would Russians shoot a fox and leave a valuable pelt behind ? It 's a message for me . A threat , because I outed them on my blog . You said things are going to be different . So what are you going to do about this ? A shell casing is not conclusive proof , but whoever did this will be aggressively , Chatted with ? The next foreign poacher I see will be going home in a bag . Alison , I need more time . You 're just adding to the noise . - Dan , give me that . - No . I 'm not going to let that little Russian kill somebody else . Don 't interfere in this , Dan . I 'm warning you . I know what happened , okay ? I saw the pictures you posted . But you can 't do this alone . Who else is going to stop them ? You ? Those idiots at the army base ? I don 't know , but it 's not going to happen like this . Not today . Come on . Let 's go for a walk . - Alison 's taking it pretty hard . - I don 't blame her . She 'll be next if she doesn 't leave this alone . Need to have a rocket while fighting the new Russian these days . They must be pretty confident over their territorial claim . They control the last oil , then the last water , then the last food . It 's gonna get ugly for the rest of us . If a person had some archeological items that needed to find their way back to the original owners , a particular museum in Norway ... Yes . How would that person guarantee delivery ? That person would give them to me . Is that a theoretical question or a practical one ? Not sure yet . - Hey , buddy . - Hey , Vic . Listen , I 've been studying your last fight , and I figured out where you made your mistake . Is that so ? Good for you . - How do you feel ? - I 'm ready . - Are you ? - Yeah . He 's tougher than what I first thought , but I can handle myself too . You think I 'm afraid of him . I 'm not . I know . So what was my mistake ? Well , when you went for the takedown ... Please , show me . You went for a double when you should 've just went for a single . Sorry . Sit up and sit still . - It 's dislocated . - Sit up and sit still . Trust me . Bite this . Bite , bite . I 'm gonna count to three , okay ? One ... You 're gonna want a bunch of analgesics and some anti inflams . There 's going to be ligament damage but you should be okay in 4 to 6 weeks . At least you 're alive . What about the fight ? - It 's off . - Damn it . Wasyl 's out . I 'm in . And this solves my problem , how ? Who said I 'm solving your problem ? Wasyl 's injured , he can 't fight . I 'm his second . You haven 't been in the cage in a long time , Vic . Last time didn 't end well ... A lot of punishment to the head over the years . My understanding is it wouldn 't take much ... To what ? Kill me again ? I guess we 'll find out . You 're a businessman , like me . Why should you die over this small thing , these old spikes ? Let 's negotiate . You have nothing I want . Just make sure he doesn 't get any head shots in . I 'll write a note to myself . I 'm just curious , given that he 's younger , stronger , faster and possibly more skilled than you what makes you think you 're going to survive this fight ? If you get killed , it 'll be a great inconvenience to me personally . Yeah , well ... if I don 't make it , feel free to shoot him . What do you want ? If all the good men get killed around here , only the bad idiots are left . What 's going to happen to me ? Another vote of confidence . You should be in bed , you have to sleep . Come . Come on , Vic ! - No , no . - No , it 's not for sex , you dumbass . It 's because I 'm nervous and I don 't like to be alone . No sex . Just sleep . I saw you once , back in Montreal . This guy took me to one of your fights . We had good seats , he was a high roller . And I had these beautiful white boots back then , and when I went home , I was taking them off and I noticed these little spots of blood on them . So I threw them out . Go ahead . Can I talk to him ? Listen , I just wanted to come by and wish you good luck today . If there 's anything I can do ... Like what ? Whatever ... that package you wanted delivered . We 'll talk after the fight . Sure , okay , it 's just that ... What ? I might be dead after the fight ? No , well ... but if something happens , then ... Get out . Okay . Is it time ? I want to put on the record at this point that Mr. Krutinulov has agreed to withdraw his complaint against private Demchuck and agrees not to press charges , providing the missing items are returned to the Russian archeological site . Mr. Carboneau , do you understand what 's being offered here ? Yes . And you choose of your own free will to compete in this cage fight as a second for the injured Canadian soldier Wasyl Demchuk ? Yes . Mr. Krutinulov . You can do it , Vic . Kill this idiot ! Go for his head . Get him , Vic . Come on , Vic ! Pound him ! Come on , Vic ! Get him ! Come on , Vic ! Come on ! Come on , Vic ! Get him ! Vic ! It doesn 't end like this . Come on , Vic ! Come on , Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Vic ! Watch out ! Open the gate . You 're never going to get those spikes .
