 He has your eyes . Running a simulation of our upcoming baby ... You 're sure in a rush . A paradise where people can live like people ... any place where I can live with you and this child is paradise . Deia ... Goodwill Ambassador Deia Cides from Poseidon entered the country to profess friendly relations between Olympus and Poseidon . Deia ... now ! Don 't cry ! Don 't cry ! Mommy Hitomi 's here ! there ! You 've gotten good at that ! Yep ! Deia taught me ! Deia did ? Yeah . Before she left for Poseidon . Deia 's great with babies ! Didn 't you know ? but we actually do ! Although it 's technically just copying the childcare guidelines given to us . so I don 't have much to go on . what 's a real mother like anyway ? Huh ? Deunan ? Hmm ... Deia Cides entered Olympus from Poseidon . The administration plans to welcome her as an official ambassador . Can 't we arrest her ? It 's clear as day that she masterminded that terrorist attack . Deunan and Briareos saw it all . the terrorist is dead . unless we can somehow show that the terrorist and Deia Cides are one and the same . To think that a terrorist who should be dead would just waltz right back as an ambassador ... but her main objective is to help harmonize Poseidon 's view as led by Olympus . right ? And apparently this enormous spacecraft needs to be centered around the perfect leader . Gaia has narrowed the selection down to ten candidates . It has been revealed that 3000 frozen embryos stored at the Tartaros Center have been destroyed . Murder while being transported in an armored car ... Death due to lack of genetic manipulation ... seven have already died in one way or another . You 're saying the goodwill ambassador is plotting their deaths ? Don 't you mean Poseidon ? The Chief of Staff has ordered us to protect one of the three who remain : Councilman Theseus of the New Poseidon Party and bearer of Alcides ' genes . where he is scheduled to meet with Deia Cides . You 're to take the K2s and provide 24-hour security for the councilman as soon as he is under our authority . considered the most beautiful place in the world . I offer my utmost gratitude . This is a goodwill visit of a leading nation . I welcome you warmly . Please overlook the disorderliness . The terrorist attack two months ago ... You 've rebuilt so much in such a short time ... Bioroids are truly impressive . nothing more . correct ? What 's needed is an " unprocessed " bioroid . in terms of hardware . What 's needed is not an unstable human but a perfect bioroid ... Ambassador . What goal has brought you to where you are now ? The friendly relations between our nations . No . What do you desire that has made you who you are now ? A treasure ... the queen 's girdle . What ? but instead fell in love with her and had a child . the hero murdered the queen and left with the treasure . It 's said the hero was filled with regret upon realizing what he 'd done . What are you referring to ? It 's just an old story . Daddy ! These butterflies are pretty ! Indeed . Package is clear . - Line of sight ? - Clear . No obstructions . Surroundings ? or jamming . How will we deal with possible Hekatons ? assuming equal capabilities and an indirect incursion . There are no bioroids among the security team . So the only possibility for bioroid intervention is through direct contact . I take it you 've screened all the hotel employees and security members ? All clear . but they were a perfect match with the bioroid genes stored at Tartaros . I must conduct a body check . Of course . Go right ahead . Thank you for your cooperation . too . Briareos . Is this something that needs personal coded transmissions during an operation ? Apparently Deia 's good with children . Don 't let your feelings get in the way of things . Yeah . I know . Here she comes ! No jamming . She 's not connected to the outside . Keep your guard up . Her left arm is intact and functioning . Package has entered the meeting area . Due to the goddess of jealousy 's scheming the hero murdered the queen and left with the treasure . It 's almost time for the meeting to end . Sit assessment . Employee members clear . Continuing surveillance to prevent contact . All terminals are clear . No contacts . Surroundings clear . Clear . No activity . This is her last chance to make a move . Don 't take your eyes off her . Package is clear . She didn 't do anything . Her role as Poseidon 's ambassador must 've taken priority . All terminals clear . Surroundings clear . Switching to Security Level B. The security level 's been changed . Mm . Go and get some fresh air for now . We still have more bodyguard work ahead of us . Briareos ... I hear you 're good with children . Hitomi told me . She asked me to help take care of it when I get back . A bioroid raising a child ... How ironic . Huh ? Bioroids are things . Not human . existing almost casually in a temporary paradise where they shouldn 't . I refuse to accept it . Do you feel that way about Hitomi too ? Not just Hitomi ... do you feel that all bioroids are temporary beings ? with children of their own and families they want to protect . They 're puppets that know nothing about the humans they were based on and hold no suspicion as they smile with their make-believe families . they 'll soon be given false replacements with the same emotions . Such bioroids can 't possibly replace humans . You said before that you lost your family . too . We were walking along the street when she was suddenly shot from behind . Just because her skin was a different color . You simply don 't know . The sadness of losing someone is nothing like that . True sadness produces hate . Sadness without hate is nothing more than an excuse . You don 't think it was painful for me ? ! could you stay as you are now ? Do you not feel the sadness of those who 've been killed and those who loved them ? ! Do you think you 're a god or something ? ! If you believe you can walk a separate path than me then just try and stop me . Just stay still ! That 's it ! You 're going to be just fine ! There ! Good girl ! The sadness of losing someone is nothing like that . Such bioroids can 't possibly replace humans . Deia ! Deia ! I 'm sorry . This is technically Poseidon soil . Dear ! Deia ! I won 't let you turn our paradise into your stage for revenge !
