 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... We should have seen Hydra coming . But they don 't stand a chance . John Garrett does . If you 're gonna work within S.H.I.E.L.D. for Hydra , you can 't ever get attached . I know that you care about us , Ward ! You 're right . I do . - Ward ! Ward ! - Ward ! It 's a weakness . You 're still Mike Peterson . You have a son . - You and me ... what are we ? - We 're a team . So , is someone seeing everything you see ? Waiting to push a button and blow a hole in your skull if you disobey ? Garrett doesn 't just want GH-325 for his Centipede soldiers . He wants it for himself . - What are you feeling ? - The universe . - Skye left them a little surprise . - A trojan horse . It 's been slowly mapping every system they 've uploaded it to . If there 's a computer system in that barber shop , we don 't have to chase him anymore . 1x22 - " Beginning of the End " Sorry about the security red tape ... you know , intellectual property , blah , blah , blah . You 'll get used to it . So , basically , I 've been here since day one . It started with me on my computer in a basement , and now look what we 've grown into . We 've got 20 active systems , and we 're growing fast . I was gonna ask about the construction next door . Ah , yeah , we 're planning to add another 100 systems by the end of the month . That 's Sally . Hey , Sally . So , what ... are you just really into this sort of thing , - or what brings you to the company ? - Um ... the Incentives program ? Yeah . No one 's turned that down yet . Anyway , so , every operator is in charge of one unit . You will receive an e-mail 24 hours before it goes online . Now , some are volunteers , but some are here for the same - reason that you 're here ... - Hey , Zeller . - We 're in position . - Okay . This is good for you to learn on your first day . - What 's going on ? - These guys ? We don 't like these guys . Yes , sir , we have them in sight . Copy that . Okay , people ... let ' em have it . Could sure use a little light in here . I got this . So , who do we talk to about getting a haircut ? If it isn 't the Cavalry . Don 't ever call me that . Bring the house down . Time to go ! Come on . Let 's go . Let 's go . Our men are still digging themselves out , but it looks like Coulson and the others got away . - Do you want to ... - Doesn 't matter . - You all right ? - What does it look like ? Never better , son . I need a nail . Get me a nail ... a big one ! - What the hell is he doing ? - He 's flexing his new muscles . He has every ounce of our research coursing through his veins . He feels good . Because he took all of our miracle drug . When we land at Cybertek , military brass and investors are expecting a demonstration , and I promised them indestructible super soldiers , not disposable ones . Well , with Hydra in the mix , we won 't lack for volunteers . And if we run out , our Incentives program should help fill the ranks . Just getting some ideas down . I can 't keep everything in my head . Got to be honest with you , John ... looks like you 're kind of losing it . I 'm alive for the first time , thanks to you . We took some hits along the way , but we did it . - We did it . - Can 't believe it . This is everything we 've been working towards ... saving you . Our alliance with Hydra was always a means to that end , right ? - Symbiotic . - And here we are . I mean , it 's not like we 're true believers , right ? Don 't get me wrong . I 'll go where you go . Having our soldiers in key positions is great , but ... then what ? Are we really planning a coup ? It 's more of an uprising . It 's become bigger than Hydra . Ward , you 've taken good care of me , gave me everything I wanted . It 's time for you to decide what it is you want . I 'll see that you get it , too , son . I can do anything now . The trojan horse worked . It gave us access to the system we wanted . Our secret weapon ... we now have eyes on their operation right in the palm of my hand . We 'll need more than eyes to defeat Garrett . What is it ? Fitz-Simmons ' tracker crossed the ocean . - It 's in New Mexico . - They managed to tag the plane ? It appears so , but they 're not answering . - No ... - We can 't think about that right now . They may have been captured . Either way , they risked everything to put a tracker on that plane for us . Now we know exactly where Garrett is , and Skye can see what he 's doing . If Fitz and Simmons are still alive , then catching Garrett is our only shot at finding them . You looked very peaceful sleeping . Didn 't want to wake you , but I 'm glad that you 're up . What 's happening ? I 've spent the last hour trying to figure out why we sank . We 're at the bottom of the ocean , in case you missed that bit . These pods are built to be compatible with all S.H.I.E.L.D. aircraft , submarines , spacecraft . On impact , the atmospheric adaptation must have tried to compensate . We slowly sank as it increased the density of the outer walls . I measured the rate the water rose on the glass . Did the math ... we 're at least 90 feet down . You can 't see the surface . How did we survive the fall ? The plane must have been in vertical flight mode , flying low . I managed to strap us to one of the backboards before we hit . And I broke my arm ... same two places I broke it in second grade ... which is strange . I thought we were dead for sure , Fitz . We 're so lucky . Now we just need to figure a way out of here . We 'll find a way out of here , right ? And then we 'd be in the middle of the ocean with the bends and no floatation and no one looking for us . I already spent an hour trying to rig the wireless signals on the EKG to send out a weak distress call before remembering that it 's a S.H.I.E.L.D. frequency and no one 's listening . And that 's not the problem ... the problem is that there aren 't many supplies left in here , - so I 've already done the math ... - Enough with the math . What are you saying ? There is no way out . We 're going to die down here . We 'll only get one shot at this , so let 's go over the plan one more time to make sure we 're clear on exactly what we 're doing , okay ? Trip and I will crest the ridge , use a noisemaker to grab a three-wheel , maybe something with more fireworks , and open a window for you two . You crawl in , grab the dealer , force his hand . He 'll get us our ace in the hole , and then bob 's your uncle . - Roger that . - Makes it sound easy . Coulson , it 's a solid plan you 've mapped out , but it hinges on a gamble ... a big one . And backup isn 't coming . It 'll be just the four of us . We 'll be outmanned and outgunned . But Fury always said a man can accomplish anything when he realizes he 's a part of something bigger . A team of people who share that conviction can change the world . So , what do you say ? You ready to change the world ? No . I 'm ready to kick some ass . That works , too . I 'm saying , just talk to him . He says everything 's fine , but he 's not acting that way . I don 't know what 's going on with him , and I don 't like it . Captivating , isn 't it ? First time I saw it , it reminded me of a lava lamp . Of course , that was before I could see through it . Quinn 's expecting the gravitonium as payment . When he 's done , I think it would be wise to let him have it . Don 't be coy . I know you have plans for the stuff . I understand it now . I can see its soul . - I can see yours , too . - Ward 's concerned you 're going mad . The drug didn 't just strengthen my body ... it gave me clarity of mind . It gave me a vision of the world that 's waiting beneath the surface of this world . You don 't think that 's mad , do you ? You know exactly what I 'm talking about . You always have . I have no allegiance to Hydra , Centipede , Cybertek ... you . - I was only ever interested in ... - Evolution . You know we 're prehistoric creatures oozing out of the swamps , through the mist , clawing our way onto land so we can finally stand - or plant roots ... or fly . - Exactly . I was saddened to learn you weren 't Clairvoyant . I had a question I didn 't get to ask , but now ... Now the truth is written on the back of my eyes , so ... go ahead , Flowers . Ask . What will I become ? Are you scared ? Yeah . - And I 'm hungry , too . - Me too ... scared and hungry . What do you think it 's like ? Death ? Well , depends on the method , really . Drowning 's supposed to be quite pleasant in the end , apparently . - Once the water fills up your lungs ... - I mean after . Ah , yeah . Well , my mum always said that you shouldn 't be afraid because it 's just like the way life was before you were born ... which wasn 't that bad , was it ? That 's sweet ... Though , apparently , I was miserable before I was born ... upside down , umbilical cord all wrapped around my head . Yeah , well , she meant pre-conception , of cour ... I know . I 'm joking . Yeah , I know that you 're joking . That 's fine . I like to think about the first law of thermodynamics , that no energy in the universe is created ... - None is destroyed . - ... none is destroyed . That means that every bit of energy inside us , every particle will go on to be a part of something else , maybe live as a dragonfish , a microbe , maybe burn in a supernova 10 billion years from now . And every part of us now was once a part of some other thing ... - a moon , a storm cloud , a mammoth . - A monkey . A monkey . Thousands and thousands of other beautiful things that were just as terrified to die as we are . We gave them new life ... a good one , I hope . It 's fitting we 're down here together , Fitz . This is where all life began on our planet , anyway ... - Just outside that glass ... - Jemma ... - What ? - The glass . - Fitz , the glass ! - Yeah . It 's bulletproof , pressure-resistant . But the seal is 4-hydroxy - 4-methyl-2-pentanone , surely . Yeah , I know what you 're thinking , but the flash point is too high for it to burn . But medical ethanol has a low flash point , burns ... Hotter . If we could use the defibrillator - as an ignition source ... - And build a compressed explosive ... To ignite the seal , the outside pressure will ... - Blow the window in ! - ... blow the window in ! Yes , yes , yes , yes ! - This really hurts my arm . - Okay . Well , now we know that , there 's a whole new set of problems , but where do we start ? And finally , welcome to our cybernetics subsection , where we design , manufacture , and , with this , install our most advanced system . Ladies and gentlemen , this prototype can replace the severed limb of a soldier in minutes with one 10 times stronger , fully networked to the soldier 's biometrics and to his optical targeting system . If you want me to open up Uncle Sam 's checkbook , - I 'm gonna need specifics . - Specifics . Specifically , I 'd like to build dozens of these machines , increase the scale of our surgery wing , - crank out 100 soldiers a day . - To join our special ops units . No , to replace them ... Navy Seals , Secret Service . Now , gentlemen , we know the world 's a dangerous place now . What we 're offering you is ... security . - All right , what do we want ? - There 's a three-wheel over there . Here comes a Humvee that has better fireworks . Hold on . - Now , that 's what I 'm talking about . - Did you bring a noisemaker ? Sir , I bring the noise and the funk wherever I go . Hey-ho , friends ! The enemy approaches . - Careful , now , or they 'll win the day . - Move I over there . Over there ! Hey . You know where to put this next one . Nice work , guys . The window 's open . Relax . Practice drills . The compound 's secure . You have nothing to worry about . Tell us what the hell is going on out there , or you can kiss a government contract goodbye . G-gentlemen , gentlemen , please , I beg you ... Don 't beg them , Quinn . You 're not a rottweiler . - We don 't need their scraps . - Who the hell is this ? This is our strategy consultant , John Garrett . I want full disclosure right now , or our boys will come in and shut you down . Why do I hear gunfire ? You hear the dying breath of an old world , general , and a new world is coming . I 've tasted it on my tongue . - This is your strategy consultant ? - He 's ... part time . New strategy ... you shut your mouth and give us everything we want . You threaten a United States general , and there are consequences . Oh , you feel powerful now , don 't you ? But you 're all just slaves who will serve our future . Listen , you crazy son of a bitch ... Gentlemen , perhaps a small demonstration will ... Yes . Oh , yes . A demonstration . I 've seen the future . I 've glimpsed it through the eyes of every creature ... dead , living , or yet to be . This is the beginning . The beginning of what , John ? The end . You 're not going anywhere . - You think you can steal the gravitonium ? - It was given to us . - What the hell did you say to Garrett ? - I listened . He 's psychotic ! Did you notice that ? ! I just had to lock up six government officials because he butchered the seventh one . He completely lost it in there . You 're wrong . Garrett 's not lost . Far from it ... he 's connected now . Don 't tell me you 're following him into this madness . His talk of evolution ... I agree with him . You 're the one who follows him . But in this case , you should . For the first time , you both need the same thing , and so do I. What are you talking about ? I need him to get his head on straight . Skye ... we need Skye , and that 's all you ever wanted , isn 't it ? The evolution he speaks of ... she 'll be an important part of that , so go get her , Grant Ward . - Get her for what ? - The world is going to change , and when it does , she could be yours . Wow . You really are crazy . Skye detests me . She thinks I 'm a monster . Are you ? Is that your true nature , or is that what Garrett made you to be ? - I don 't know . - Well , we know about Skye 's parents , about the darkness that lies inside her . I believe in a world where her true nature will reveal itself . And when that day comes ... maybe you two could be monsters together . - More on our six . - Here they come . These windows can 't take many more hits like that , sir . Let 's hope they don 't have to . Coulson , we 've found the dealer . This is a bomb . You know what those do . And you 've seen Agent May here through the eyes of your super soldiers , so you know what she does . You don 't want to mess with us , is my point . You 're not gonna be able to hijack our soldiers . We 've thought through every emergency scenario , including this one . Don 't tell me you just switched the soldiers to default directive . Yeah , I did . And how did you know about that ? - Time for the guns ? - Time for the guns . Stay . Stay . { Defend John Garrett at all costs . } Good boy . - They 're off to defend Garrett . - And lead me right to him . Now that we 're inside , go contact on forces and make some noise on the way out . Trip , if the rest of us don 't make it , I still want this place to burn . - I prefer you make it , sir . - Me , too . The compound 's been hit . Raina and Quinn took off . We need to take action now . What are my orders ? That 's up to you , son . Wake up ! Come back to reality , John . - What do you need me to do ? - You 've already done it . Oh . It 's your handler , probably to tell me what the soldiers are seeing . - Yeah ? - Hi , John . Just calling to catch up . Skye . You sound different on the phone ... huskier . You curious why I 'm calling from your soldier control center ? No , I 'm not too concerned . You see , if anyone but the assigned handler gives a directive to one of my men , well , kaboom . Ah , darn it . Coulson didn 't think of that . You outsmarted us again . Phil 's around ? Great . We actually have a lot to talk about . Oh , and I wanted you to know ... your scientist friends they were brave until their last breath . Raina told me how special Skye is . I know you 've seen that from the start . You want orders ? Get her . Thank you . He 's always been a tender heart . You don 't need to be set to default . You haven 't left me alone all day . I was told to never leave your side , sir . I love you , too . All right , we need to hurry . We have to do this soon . - There has to be enough ox ... - Oxygen to ignite , yes . Yeah . Okay . Now , when I press that power button ... The window will blow in , and water will rush inwards . Yeah , which is gonna be like 100 punches to the stomach , okay ? The wind 's gonna be knocked right out of us . Now , this is near empty , but I 've rigged it to let out a burst of very high pressure ... should force a breath into your lungs , but you have to hold on to it , okay ? Hold on tight . Should be enough to get you up the 90 feet or so . One breath ? But there 's two of us . Yeah , I 've done the math . That 's why you 're taking it . You 're a better swimmer , anyway . No . - Jemma . - No ! I 'm not leaving you here . That 's ridiculous . We need a new plan . We 're not discussing it , okay ? You 're taking it ... end of story . - I couldn 't live if you didn 't . - Well , I feel the same way . There has to be another way . - You 're taking it . - Why ? Why would you make me do this ? You 're my best friend in the world ! Yeah , and you 're more than that , Jemma . I couldn 't find the courage to tell you . So , please let me show you . - It 's okay . - No . No . Jemma . Jemma . Jemma . - Jemma , we have to hurry . - No . No . - Take it , Jemma . Take it . - No . Nooo ! Help ! You 're in decompression on a jet back to the mainland . - They told us you were dead . - Good . We want word to get around on that . - Fitz ! - Uh , easy . Easy . His heart 's still beating ... just barely . I have a full med team with him . But you have to remain in this chamber , okay ? His brain was without oxygen for a long time , but you saved him . It was the other way around . How did you find us ? That makeshift beacon of yours ... good thinking . Led us right to you . Lucky we were looking . - You were looking ? - For my man Coulson . I understand you 're involved in a dispute I might want to weigh in on . Do you have anything that might lead me to him ? Looks like the back entrance to the factory floor - is on the South side . - Roger that . I have to hit " snooze " on this every minute to keep that from blowing . Look , I will die before talking , but there 's nothing to tell . There 's no way of controlling the soldiers unless there 's an actual handler at the machine . I 'm not interested in that . I 'm more interested in why you 're willing to die for Hydra . Are you a true believer ? Is Hydra the plucky little family you never had ? Or are you here because of the Incentives program ? She 's not gonna kill you . She had a chance to kill me before and couldn 't do it . And she hates me ... a lot . I feel sorry for you ... betraying the only people who gave you a chance at being a decent human being . Fitz was a hero because he still wanted to give you that chance after everything . But some people are just born evil , I guess . Yeah . Yeah , maybe they are . I 've learned things about you , Skye ... history ... things you 'll want to know . You and I aren 't that different . You 're not the evil I was referring to . Garrett is evil . You 're just ... weak , doing anything you 're told . I hope Garrett orders you to walk into traffic . You 're right , Skye . You woke up a weakness inside me . And for the first time in a while , I wanted something for myself . Maybe I 'll just take what I want ... wake up something inside of you . - I 'm not afraid of you , Ward . - Nah . You 're not gonna kill us with the bomb . - You 'd go , too . - No . I have a weapon much better than a bomb that will absolutely destroy you . And why 's that ? Because you slept with her , and she 's really pissed off . - Let 's talk about Incentives . - What you ... You said our thing was no strings attached . Looks to me like the ice queen got her feelings hurt . Hey-ho , friends ! The enemy approaches . Check the perimeter . Careful , now , or they 'll win the day . Hi , John . Hi , Phil . Well , that 's new . Sir ? You don 't have to call me " sir , " Coulson . Look at me . I 'm dressed like I live under a bridge . - What are you doing here ? - Well , Simmons turned me on to that old-timey tracker Fitz left on your bus . I went to great pains to make sure you didn 't die the first time . Well , now 's probably not the best time , but I 'd like to have a lengthy conversation with you about that . - It might get loud . - And I owe you that . But right now , we owe Garrett a punch in the teeth , wouldn 't you say ? This ... packs a pretty good punch . I know what it does . - Reminds me of the old days . - You were never on top . We are running out of time . Tell the man what they have on you . Fury . Well , hell ... when was the last time anyone saw a tag-team wrestling match with four dead guys ? I only see one dead guy in here . Oh , the power 's all on this side of the room , fellas . Phil , I 'm surprised you 'd try and stop me . Of course , I don 't blame you , Nick . You haven 't seen the big picture , the big bang , the timeless frozen ocean , but Phil here has . We share a bond . We 're blood brothers . - You didn 't tell me he 'd gone this crazy . - He 's really stepped it up a notch . Wait , May ! I think I 've waited long enough for this . - Kyle ? - Oh , baby . I 'm so sorry what they did to you . What are you looking for ? Our ace in the hole . You remember that speech you used to give us , Nick , about how one man can accomplish anything once he realizes he can be something bigger ? Well , now I am . A part ... " a part " of something bigger . - Is that how it went ? - Not a great listener . If you tell me this whole Hydra path thing you took is because you misheard my damn " one man " speech ... I am the key to the future of the universe . - I 'm the origin of all things . - You got it , right ? Totally . Loud and clear . No , come on , please , I ... Aww , man . Here . Okay , Ace , I need you to give me a message , okay ? Something your father would know could only come from you . I need to prove I have you . It won 't matter . I 've already told you ... there 's no way to communicate with Deathlok from in here . I don 't need to . I 've been communicating with him the whole time . Fury was teaching us something you didn 't want to hear , John , 'cause you only think about yourself . That 's the difference between your side and our side and why we 're always gonna win . What lesson , Phil ? Please , enlighten me . { Dad , what are we ? } { We 're a team . } You can 't do this , Mike . I order you to stand down ! You must obey me ! You need me to translate the words of creation . You don 't want to do this , Mike . Tell him , Phil ! Mr. Peterson 's free to do whatever he wants . - You think he learned his lesson ? - He learned something . Without regular injections , they 're just men . Once doctors remove their cybernetic eyes , - they 'll be essentially back to normal . - Minus an eye , of course . You got a chance to express all your feelings ? - Is he still breathing ? - Guess she kept some of it to herself . He 's having trouble speaking . I think I fractured his larynx . Oh , good . Your attempt to cross off Fitz and Simmons failed , but Fitz may never be the same again . So I 'm going to invent new ways to ruin the rest of your life . And we 'll do whatever 's necessary to get Hydra intel from you , but your torture ... - that 's gonna be internal . - And a little bit external . Sure . Some of that . But you devoted your entire life to a deranged narcissist who never gave a damn about anyone , and now he 's dead . You 've got the rest of your life to wrestle with the question ... who are you without him ? Why don 't you go to him ? I don 't want him to see what I 've become . - He won 't care about your burns . - That 's not what I mean . Coulson said to bring you in . You can access my hardware and watch my every move . Go ahead . I 'll only be making amends for my actions . Whatever you did , you did it for Ace . And what I do now ? That 'll be for him , too . There 's a reason why they say , " cut off the head . " Now I 'll be unstop ... Hey , guys ! I found it ! Told you it 'd be in here . Stupid , stupid , stupid , and cruel , and very stupid ! I think you 've made your point . Why bring me back in the first place ? Clearly , I didn 't think it was the best idea . I warned you about people losing their minds . Agent May was on top of the situation . She says you 're fine . Aren 't you ? It was a " break glass in case of emergency " situation . Yes , but that emergency was supposed to be the fall of an Avenger . Exactly . And I 'm damn glad I did it , too . When you want to build something , you need a strong foundation . Now , you know how few people I trust , Coulson . You can count them on one hand . And I 'm not afraid to cut off fingers . The principle S.H.I.E.L.D. was founded upon was pure . - Protection . - Protection ... one word . Sometimes , to protect one man against himself ... other times , to protect the planet against an alien invasion from another universe . - It 's a broad job description . - No need to tell me . But the belief that drives us all is the same , whether it 's one man or all mankind . That they 're worth saving . That truth lives inside you , Coulson . Before it was torn apart , S.H.I.E.L.D. was a lot of moving parts . Guys like you were the heart . Now ... you 'll be the head . - What is it ? - A toolbox to help you build it back up . - You want me to start over , rebuild S.H.I.E.L.D ... - From scratch . Take your time and do it right . - You 'll still have his back . - Of course . There 's no one else I trust with this . Thank you , sir . How do you ... how should I proceed ? That 's up to you ... Director . And you , sir ... where are you heading now ? Well , I 'm trading in my bird 's-eye view for two solid feet on the ground . This is the last time you 'll be seeing me for a stretch . You 're gonna disappear , nowhere to be found . Nowhere ? You know me better than that , Phil . I 'll be everywhere . Fitz ... is he okay ? Please tell me he 's okay . He 's alive . What is this place ? First thing I found in that box was these coordinates . Another secret base ? I call it the Playground , although , technically , it doesn 't have a name because , technically , it doesn 't exist , it being a secret base and all . - Eric ? - Billy ... Koenig , agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. , although I totally understand the confusion . Eric passed away , sadly , but it 's great to have company , finally , and I did not mind minding this place . - Agent Coulson . - I know . I know . And it is an honor to meet you , sir ! I 'll get your lanyard shortly . For the rest of you , lanyards will be handed out on a case-by-case basis . Can 't be too careful with all those Hydra threats still out there , causing trouble . That 's why we 're here ... get you up and running and back fighting the good fight , which is gonna be cool . I know we don 't have much , but what we have is yours , sir . Thank you . So ... where would you like to start ? I know you thought you 'd never see me again , but I found your daughter . We 'll return in a moment .
