 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Coulson : Ward is hydra . Fitz : No . I-I don 't believe it . You think I don 't want to watch him suffer ? Not suffer - - die . Tell us how to unlock the drive . I start the hack . And once we reach altitude , it unlocks . Now bring him back . These vials contain the raw materials Of whatever jesus juice brought coulson back from the dead . I can 't succeed without your help . We 'll need a base of operations , weapons , tactical backup . There is no backup . It 's over . There is no s.H.I.E.L.D. Anymore . [ cell door closes ] Grant ward ? My name 's john garrett . The quartermaster at your military school 's An old buddy of mine . He told me about a pissed-off young cadet With off-the-chart eye-hand coordination who went awol , Stole a car , drove over a thousand miles home Only to try and burn the place down . I must say , I find a young man like that intriguing . I 'm curious . Did you know your brother was in the house When you set it on fire ? No , sir , I did not . I was a pyro as a kid , too . Ended up making a pretty good living at it . I 'm here to make you a one-time offer , so listen up . Your family 's lawyer 's gonna be here in about 20 minutes . Not only are your folks pressing charges against you For arson and attempted murder , But your older brother 's petitioning the court To have you tried as an adult . Now , you can spend the next few years locked up in a cage , Blaming mommy and daddy And mean older brother for your problems , Or you can let me get you out of here And teach you how to be a man . I work for a secret organization That 's always looking to recruit young men like you . And why should I trust you ? You shouldn 't . Don 't trust anybody , ever , especially me . Let me be clear - - Going with me will be the hardest thing you 've ever done . But on the other hand , no one will ever screw with you again . Say yes . It 'll be hard but fun . 10 seconds , and I walk out that door . Say yes . Yes . [ alarm blaring ] [ guns cock ] man : Everybody down ! On the ground ! I told you it was gonna be fun . Eyewitnesses claim the assailant Smashed through several walls Before killing colombia 's most notorious drug lord , Alejandro castillo , a.K.A. El dogo . Speculation continues as to whether This superhuman assassination Was carried out by a man , monster , or machine . The correct answer is " d , " all of the above . What the hell is deathlok doing in bogota ? And why would he kill a drug lord with known ties to hydra ? Well , if they really are in colombia , Then garrett and our hijacked plane Aren 't even in american airspace . I have to expand our search . [ knock on door ] guys ... You want to come in here for a minute ? This is just about everything we 've been dealing with . And this Connects them all . Cybertek built deathlok , shipped items to quinn , Who was working for the clairvoyant , Who turned out to be garrett , who planted ward on our bus Because he wanted to know why I didn 't stay dead . Should have drawn another chart for this part . Fitz : No , I get it - - Garrett 's been developing centipede serum all this time . Yes . And he wants gh-325 as its final ingredient - - A way to stabilize And regenerate his centipede soldiers . And it 's why ward came back for the hard drive . It had all of your research about coulson and skye . It 's all on there . But that 's not the only thing on there . Skye left them a little surprise . A trojan horse . It 's been slowly mapping every system they 've uploaded it to . Well , that 's brilliant . Trojan horse . You can wake it up and take over their systems . Well done , skye . Yeah . Thanks . Except it doesn 't work that way Because I didn 't have enough time to build it , So we need to plug this into one of their computers To activate it . Spoiler alert - - we can 't seem to find one . I think we have . Garrett and cybertek have been working together for years . If it 's on garrett 's system ... It 's on cybertek 's . Which is why we 're gonna go into one of their offices . We have no authority to do this . We 're no longer s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents . We 're ... We 're vigilantes . I was gonna say , " doing this Because it 's the right thing to do , " but ... Yeah . So , if you 're with me , I 'm gonna finish what I started . I 'll be damned if I 'm gonna let Garrett and ward get away with murder . And I want my plane back . Ward : I could have crossed off that drug lord Without getting my picture taken . Single shot , half a mile away . You 're missing the point . I didn 't want to just cross him off . I wanted to make a spectacle . People are killed by guns every day in bogota . But how often does a monster Punch a drug lord 's head clean off ? Hell , that 's international news . Spectacular thing you did back there , mikey . If I didn 't know better , I 'd swear you 're starting to enjoy your job . You get the impression he 's enjoying his job ? Somebody does . Well , I 'd like to think we all enjoy our work . And why not ? These are exciting times full of rewards . Which reminds me ... [ cellphone beeps ] zeller . Yeah , it 's me . Stream mike peterson some video of his son this afternoon . [ cellphone beeps ] don 't mention it . How about that guy ? I 've turned him into a new man . Is that what he is ? Are you still sore about what he did to you ? No , I 'm sore at you for making him do it . Look , we 're on the verge of completing something I 've been chasing for 25 years . Can 't you just be happy for me ? [ door opens ] See ? That 's what I 'm talking about . Happy campers . I think you 'll be happy , too . We 're close to replicating the drug That healed skye and brought coulson back to life . The data from skye 's hard drive , All that research - - been a big help . I 've uploaded everything to the lab in cuba . They 'll have initial results by the time we land . You never disappoint , do you , flowers ? Wish everyone on my team had the same success rate . [ door opens ] Okay . We 'll see you this afternoon . We 're on with the rd department Up at cybertek 's palo alto offices . It 'll be okay , fitz . No matter how deep they dig , They 'll only find the new identities I 've created . It 's not that . It 's the idea of giving them access to all of our designs . We 're not actually giving them anything . We just need to get inside so we can plug skye 's flash drive Into one of their computers . You don 't have to go . It 's not that , either . It 's ward . What if garrett put an exploding eye into him , to control him ? Maybe that 's why he betrayed us . I 'm pretty sure there 's a much simpler reason . He 's evil . Well , I don 't believe that people are born evil . Something must have happened . Hey , sorry it took so long . My mom 's real sentimental About granddad 's howling commando stuff . Trip was generous enough to offer up Some of his granddad 's spy tech to help us out , So we should systematically take a full inventory of ev- - Oh , my god . Is that a handheld hypno-beam ? One of the original betas . See how it has the switch on the bottom ? The production models moved it to the side . This is amazing . Almost as cool as a ... Transistorized blast gun . Transistorized blast gun . [ chuckles ] [ both laugh ] Ah , ha ha . Okay . The two of you can get a room later , But we have a plane to catch . No . Where did they buy this stuff , from the back of a comic book ? No , girl , that 's not really a joy buzzer . That 's a - - [ electricity crackles ] E.M.P. Knocks power out in about a 10-foot radius . Yeah . A lot of vintage s.H.I.E.L.D. Spy craft Was designed to look innocent in case a spy was caught . Like , um ... Okay . Like these smokes . [ whirring ] Oh . [ imitates puffing ] Coulson : Thanks , trip . This is a huge help . Gives us a fighting chance against these bad guys . [ smoke alarm beeping ] [ sighs ] Simmons : Oh , fitz . Watch out , hydra . Here we come . I 'm gonna retire out here one day . A thousand acres of wyoming woods and meadows , Already paid for . Speak up , son . I 'm not a mind reader . What if the police find us ? [ chuckles ] nobody 's looking . Family will be happy to never see you again . As for cops , well ... They do best when they stay out of s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s way . So , is s.H.I.E.L.D. Academy near here ? Right now , you have more pressing issues , Like what you 're gonna eat tonight . I-I thought that was our dinner . No , this is my dinner . I shot them , I eat them . Hell , buddy deserves these birds more than you do . He retrieved them . Out here , son , if you want something , you have to earn it . For here on out , you earn everything . You want a warm place to sleep , you make it . You want something to eat , you kill it . Wait , wait . Y-you can 't be serious . All - - all I have in here are some clothes . Right ? This isn 't fair . If you 'd have told me , I-I 'd have brought tools or food - - Stop blaming me for your own failure ! Makes me not like you . You want it easy ? Go back to juvie . They 'll give you three squares and a cot . Confirm what your family believes , What everybody believes - - That grant ward is weak and worthless . I 'll tell you what - - I 'll leave buddy here . You take care of him , maybe he 'll take care of you . I 'll be back in a couple of months . Either you 'll be here or you won 't . It 's up to you . But for what it 's worth I believe you can do it . [ engine turns over ] [ buddy barking ] [ sighs ] Hi . Welcome to cybertek . Sit . Please . I 'm ott , senior v.P. Of rd . This is diaz . I 'm theo tittle . This is dr . Roum . Thanks so much for seeing us on such short notice . [ keys clacking ] Ott : We 've met with a number Of other former s.H.I.E.L.D. Scientists recently , And I must say , thus far , we 're ... Underwhelmed . Hydra , on the other hand , less constrained in their thinking . And younger . Usually younger . Yeah . Fitz : I told you we should have gone in . Simmons : Oh , hush . May looks barely a day over ... 30 . You 're gorgeous . [ beep ] Score one for the howling commandos . Your grandpa 's pin should help me locate cybertek 's mainframe . I didn 't know they had wi-fi back in the day . They didn 't . That 's the beauty of the pin . It uses uhf to search for data . Nobody 's even scanning those frequencies for potential leaks . [ beeping ] That 's weird . I 'm not finding any digital data about anything , Let alone a source for it . How is that possible ? Maybe it 's protected . Or ... Insulated somewhere inside ? Guys , just keep them busy a minute longer . Okay , now , show them the icer bullet . I designed this to be powerful ... I designed this to be powerful , nonlethal , and to break - - Break up under subcutaneous tissue . [ stammers ] and my challenge was that it could only hold a dose of ... 85 micrograms of dendrotoxin . He should have run the specs by me before building the molds . But I think we can all agree that the That the true beauty is in my hyperconcentrated Dendrotoxin formula ... ... My cartridge-case Cartridge-case ejection system , obviously . ... Concentrated dendrotoxin formula With compressed air expulsion . We 've seen one of these bullets before . What did they use it with ? The sleepy-sleep gun , I think . That 's right . Our team took this rudimentary concept And converted it into an aerosol grenade . Much more useful . But this is an icer ! Yes , but this is an icer . Triple the stopping power and a much cooler ... Name . What else do you have ? Here we go . Building permits cybertek 's filed in the city . There 's something funky about the fourth floor . Only one way in or out . Extra-reinforced security door . That 's got to be it , right ? Coulson , may , can you get to the fourth floor ? It 's a shame it didn 't work out . It is . So lovely meeting you both . [ elevator bell dings ] [ thudding ] [ groaning ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ grunts ] does your sweater itch ? A little bit . I don 't know if I 've said it enough , but ... I 'm glad you 're back . Try not to set the drapes on fire . [ whirring ] Skye , I think I know why you couldn 't find the mainframe . There isn 't one . What do you mean there isn 't one ? All the files are hard copies . That 's why granny was typing during our meeting . Well , we 're here . Might as well look around . You 're staring at me again . Deathlok : You gave them my son . All I see are pictures of him in a cell . I was following orders . Just like you . So , is someone playing god with you , too ? Seeing everything you see ? Waiting to push a button and blow a hole in your skull If you disobey ? Is there ? No . Then why are you here ? For you and others like you - - people with gifts . I 'm waiting for what 's inside to be revealed . The girl , skye ... What do you know about her ? Where does she come from ? Why do you care ? Because inside , I believe she and I have something in common . May : Coulson ? Mike peterson 's file . Coulson : How can this all be project deathlok ? 1990 ? How far back does this thing go ? Garrett was the first deathlok . [ radio chatter ] Let 's go . Skye , trip , get ready for a large file transfer . How large ? Back it up ! [ tires screech ] [ thunder rumbling ] Ward : You were gonna let me die ! Okay . First off , I think we should use our indoor voices . Since the day we met , I have done everything you asked . Not sure we can say " everything . " You were gonna let deathlok kill me to get that hard drive ? Come on . We both know the girl wasn 't gonna let you die . You said yourself skye 's a soft touch , just like you . I am not that scared kid anymore . Then stop acting like it ! Stop being weak . All these years , and you 're still playing the victim . Sometimes I ask myself why I ever bothered . [ grunting ] John ! John ! Everybody out ! Now ! Yeah . Here we go . I said , " get the hell out ! " You heard the man ! Hang in there . I 'll get you stabilized . Coulson : Garrett started project deathlok Way back in 1990 . Look at this . He was patient zero . We 've been looking at all this backwards . Garrett doesn 't just want gh-325 for his centipede soldiers . He wants it for himself So he can become a real , live boy again . And if he happens to create An army of programmed super soldiers For hydra along the way , triple bonus points . How do we know garrett didn 't do that to ward , too ? Maybe he 's been programmed . Fitz , when are you going to stop clinging to the idea That ward 's the victim and not the perpetrator ? When I see something that tells me I shouldn 't With my own two eyes . We don 't know all the facts . You want a fact , fitz ? Ward murders people . I should have let mike finish him when I had the chance . I 'm stupid and ... Weak . You weren 't weak . You had compassion . That 's harder . We 'll find him . Pizza delivery for pablo jimenez ? That 's me . Ward : Biomechanics rebooting . [ beeping ] [ breathes deeply ] There . That should do it . You scared me . Hasn 't happened like that in awhile . Yes , it has . Been happening more and more . The biomechanics are fine . It 's my organs that are failing . What are you saying , john ? I 'm dying . Cybertek team gives me a month , two tops . [ knock on door ] [ beep ] You never came out to eat . Skye : Not much of an appetite . Look ... Fitz can 't process the truth about ward , not yet . What he said ... It 's what he needs to believe . Do you think ward 's being controlled ? Absolutely not . Neither do I. You know , I never gave you enough credit For this whole zen-warrior thing . But I got to admit , it 'd be nice to feel nothing right now . You think I don 't feel anything ? Look at you . You 're a statue . And you and ward had a thing . So if anyone should be furious - - I am . I 'm furious . But I 'm sure as hell not gonna waste it on a tantrum . I 'm gonna mine it , save it ... And when we find ward , I 'm gonna use every bit of it to take him down . Wish I knew how to use that hate-fu . I 'm up most mornings at 5 : 00 . [ knock on door ] [ beep ] Trip I.D. ' d a number of cybertek shipments That ping-ponged across the globe - - Brazil , cambodia , syria - - but they all ended up in havana . S.H.I.E.L.D. Used to have a base there . I told you we 'd find him . We 're going to cuba . 5 bucks . That 's it , huh ? Sí . Same thing cost me $ 30 in rome . [ bell jingles ] There it is - - the face of our future . [ chuckles ] Mr. Quinn 's the poster boy for our new enterprise . Not sure how that 's supposed to work . He 's also an international fugitive , Accused of a laundry list of crimes . Accused by s.H.I.E.L.D. , Of whom I 've been a vocal critic for years . Now s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s gone down in flames While I rise from the ashes , All charges dismissed and my sterling reputation restored . [ dog barks in distance ] I knew there was a reason I didn 't rip out that silver tongue of yours . Everything on schedule ? Your flamboyant display in bogota Got a lot of people 's attention . I 'll be in d.C. Tomorrow , capitalizing on it . Good . [ cellphone beeps ] It 's raina . Maybe she has news . Okay , ernesto , let 's show them what handsome really looks like . [ ernesto chuckles ] Everything okay ? Everything 's fine . You have a problem with the drug ? This isn 't about the drug . I thought agent garrett Shared my interest in special people , In transformation . But now I realize he was just afraid to die . So I 'm not sure how interested he 'll be In what I found out about skye . Skye ? I probably shouldn 't be talking to you about this . I should go straight to garrett . Garrett 's got more important things to worry about . You can tell me instead . I 've been looking through the files That skye downloaded from the plane . And in addition to medical records , I found hospital files , adoption-agency searches . Skye 's an orphan . Been looking for her parents for awhile . It 's not exactly a secret . But that 's what intrigued me . That and her dna . It appears to be a match For someone I heard about a long time ago . You know something about skye 's history ? I can 't confirm it 's her , But I did hear a story about a baby girl . Years ago , a village in the hunan province in china . It was destroyed , every man , woman , and child Torn apart by monsters trying to find that baby . Did the monsters kill the baby 's parents ? No . That 's what 's so interesting . The baby 's parents were the monsters . [ birds chirping ] Ward : Give me one reason not to blow your head off . I brought tacos . I was half expecting you to be long gone . I was half expecting you to never come back . You said a couple of months . It 's been six . Been out of the country on assignment . Seems like you and buddy did okay without me . [ whimpers ] First few weeks were rough . But then I realized my thinking was limited . So I started raiding cabins . Got some tools , the tent . Life got easier . Gonna build a cabin , over there . See ? I told you you could do it . Damn , son , you stepped up in a big way . I couldn 't be prouder if you were my own . I lied about the tacos . What 's that for ? Your next lesson . Your turn . Stick with me , kid . In a couple years , you 'll shoot better than that . Something about that woman unnerves me . It 's those eyes . No , it 's what 's behind those eyes . What did she text you about earlier ? She had questions about your decision To pack up the lab and move it to the states . I planned to expand operations anyway . The fact that the deathlok files were stolen from cybertek Just speeds up my decision . I heard you wanted to hang on to this during the flight . You heard right . You 've re-created gh-325 . Almost . We 've distilled the genetic components Of all the previous samples down to one single vial . And it 'll do what we talked about ? It should regenerate and heal cells , Just like it did in skye and coulson . So take good care of it . That 's the only one in the world . You sure you don 't want anything else ? How about one of these quarter walkie-talkies ? They have a built-in homing beacon . Okay . I 'll keep one , too . Thanks . Mm-hmm . Don 't want to be greedy . We 've already got the dwarfs . [ chuckles ] No problem . All right . Coulson : Because we had to fly in low , We have to search for our plane on the ground . Fitz , simmons , you have the maps . Do not engage under any circumstances . If you find the bus , call us and stand down Or come back here and wait . We 'll be careful . Understood , sir . Let 's do it . We 're too late . They 're gone . They knew we were coming . I 'm not sure everyone 's gone . Something 's generating a lot of volts in there . [ cellphone rings , beeps ] yeah ? Simmons : Sir , we found the bus . It 's on an airfield Outside abel santamaria packing up to leave . We 're on our way . How far is that from our location ? About three hours , but by the looks of it , They 'll be long gone by the time you can get here , sir . Get out of there right now . Do not engage . Wait for us back at the jump jet . Copy that , sir . [ cellphone beeps ] garrett 's leaving . We have to at least try and get over there . Or not . We still have this little puppy . If there 's a computer system in that barber shop , We don 't have to chase him anymore . We just plug it in , we wake up the trojan horse , And we 're off to the races . Worth a shot . Let 's do it . Simmons : I know we 're not supposed to engage . But if they get away , we 'll be back to square one . I can 't handle square one again . Garrett 's there , which means ward 's probably there , too . What if we send a dwarf into the plane from here ? It can stow away inside So we can track where the bus is going . Yes . Simmons , excellent suggestion . We can send sleepy . He 's our best listener - - next to you , of course . Okay . I 'll go get him from the car . [ gun cocks ] Long time , no see . There you go . There you go . Garrett : You know he 's not human , right ? Of course I know . No , he 's better than human . Smart , loyal , trustworthy . Yeah . Where does all that trust and loyalty lead ? Abandoned in the woods or dumped at the pound ? [ clang ] I learned that lesson the hard way . I know you 've never asked , but I 'm sure you 're curious . Nickel version ? I got fragged by an I.E.D. Outside of sarajevo . When I radioed for medevac , I got nothing but an earful of excuses . That 's when I realized I was more loyal to s.H.I.E.L.D. Than s.H.I.E.L.D. Was to me . So I decided if I made it out , if I survived , I was gonna treat them the way they treated me . Then I stuffed my intestines back inside , Duct-taped myself shut , and humped my way out . You remember when we first met ? I told you I worked for a secret organization ? Well , it 's more like I work for a secret organization Inside another secret organization . You ever heard of hydra ? Huh . Hydra understands the importance of survival . Here they are . This is our plane . We want it back . Really ? Just like that , kid ? Coulson probably figured out we 're using the barbershop . Call kaminsky . He 'll know what to do . All right , let 's close up the ramp And get this bird off the ground . Tell the pilot to keep it low in a harrier mode Until we 're out over the gulf . What 's he got there ? One of those prank joy buzzers . Yeah . You know me - - always kidding around . [ electricity crackles ] [ grunts ] What the hell was that ? An e.M.P. Looks like the joke 's on you . Garrett 's dying ! Not sure this will work . Fitz shorted him out with an e.M.P. Call cybertek . Let them know what happened . See what they can do . Back . I 'm glad that I did it . You hear me ? You lose , we win . You 're dead . Well , no worse than you . And you don 't have to take orders from him anymore , ward . Ward ! Let him die . He deserves to die . Get them out of here ! Clear ! Everybody out ! I have some good news . Can it wait a minute ? [ barking ] Damn dog takes off running every time I take a shot out here . That deer 's 1,800 meters out . It 'll take him awhile to find it . I 'm all ears . You 've been accepted By s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s operations division , effective immediately . We need to pack up . Thank you , sir , for everything . Don 't do that . You don 't owe me or anybody else a thing . You earned it by yourself . It 's gonna be hard when you get there . If you 're gonna work within s.H.I.E.L.D. For hydra , You can 't ever get attached to anyone or anything . You have to fight that weakness in you . Yes , sir . Good . Now take care of buddy , and we 'll get out of here . That 's not a weakness , is it ? No , sir . Good . I 'll be at the truck . Internal battery must have fried . I 'm gonna have to open it up , see if there 's a mechanical fix . I talked to cybertek . They 're prepping a facility in miami . Good . I need you to do something for me . Yeah . Anything . Put down fitz and simmons . What ? No . We have plenty of time . I won 't leave you . And I 'm telling you to cross them off for me . That 's not a weakness , is it ? No . Then take care of them . I 'll take care of me . I 've cheated death plenty of times . I 'll stay . Skye , where are the computers ? I 'm working on it . Trip , anything in your granddad 's kit Might help us out here ? Always . Let me take a look . There 's a mechanical failsafe in case the electronics shut down . I 'm pretty interesting inside . [ raina gasps ] That 's my centipede serum . It 's the only thing that 's been keeping me alive These past few months . Why isn 't it making you strong ? I 'm too far gone . I 'm afraid your entire system is shutting down . Maybe you can jump-start it ... With this . Simmons : Coulson will find us , won 't he ? Man won 't rest until every hydra agent Is either dead or behind bars . Go ! Go . Oh ! Oh , no ! Go , go ! Open the door , fitz . Ward , please ... I need to understand . You need to accept the truth , fitz . He doesn 't care about us , about anything . No . I don 't believe that . We 're friends , aren 't we ? We 've been friends . We 've had laughs together . [ gun cocks ] [ breathes deeply ] [ gunshot ] I know that you 're a good person , ward . And you can choose right now to be good . It 's a choice . I 've got my orders . Open up the door . No . Not a chance . Okay . Have it your way . Wait . What are you doing ? Fitz . Okay . Wait . What are you doing ? Wait . No , no , no . Okay , wait . Ward , just think about this . Wait , ward . Ward . Okay , wait , wait , wait , wait ! Just give it a second ! Wait , wait , wait ! Okay , okay , okay ! Just loo- - ward , look at me ! Think about this ! Ward , just turn around ! Don 't do it ! Don 't do it , ward ! Okay , you don 't have to do this ! Ward ! You don 't have to ! You have a choice ! Ward ! Ward , look at me ! I know that you care about us , ward ! You 're right . I do . It 's a weakness . [ air hissing ] Ward ! Ward ! Ward ! I can 't promise it 'll work . And once it 's gone , I won 't be able to make any more . This is the end of the road . Without it , I 'm dead for sure . So ... What the hell ? That 's it . The final ingredient . [ lock clicks ] Is it done ? If the job was easy - - [ gasps , choking ] [ buzzing ] [ grunting ] What are you feeling ? The universe . Come on . Over here . There 's something behind this wall . Okay , I got something . Secret door ? I got this . They 're like my thing . [ lock clicks ] Here we go . Skye : Finally . It 's a centipede soldier . " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . Bogota was a freebie , a calling card , A demonstration of what we can do . It was a circus . It was a single man with no support team And no extraction plan . I mean , come on . Tell me - - how much did you spend to get bin laden ? Between the ships and the choppers and the support troops , What was it ? $ 30 million ? $ 50 million ? Whatever the price , it was worth it . Maybe . My super soldier could have done it for a fraction of the price . Is that why you 're here ? Are you proposing to sell us this super soldier of yours ? God , no . I 'm proposing to sell you a thousand of them . Better , stronger , faster . Gentlemen , with the continued exposure Of corrupt institutions like s.H.I.E.L.D. , With the terrifying rise of hydra , The need for reliable security is at an all-time high . Which is why we are expanding our super-soldier operations Into a brand-new , State-of-the-art cybertek facility . So , would you and your friends like a tour ?
