 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Garrett : You 're the clairvoyant ? [ gunshot ] He let his emotions get the best of him . And he wasn 't gonna stop , skye . I wasn 't gonna let that happen . Coulson : I 'm worried he killed the wrong man . The clairvoyant doesn 't have abilities . He has security clearance . He 's an agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. Why would may have An unauthorized encrypted hard line in the cockpit ? Put it down , may ! Who do you answer to ? ! Who 's the real clairvoyant ? ! [ groans ] Where are we going ? I don 't know ! I didn 't do it ! When that plane touches down , take out everyone on board . Except agent coulson . He 's mine . [ blue oyster cult 's " don 't fear the reaper " plays ] ¶ all our times have come ¶ ¶ here but now they 're gone ¶ ¶ seasons don 't fear the reaper ¶ ¶ nor do the wind , the sun , or the rain ¶ ¶ we can be like they are ¶ [ alarm beeping ] ¶ come on , baby ¶ ¶ don 't fear the reaper ¶ ¶ baby , t- - ¶ [ click ] Tower , this is s.H.I.E.L.D. Echo-3 . I got a pair of uavs on my six . These friendlies ? Over . They 're gonna hit my jet wash , they get any closer . [ distorted radio chatter ] What is that ? [ rapid beeping ] [ grunting ] [ beeping continues ] Drop the weapon . Coulson - - drop the damn weapon And kick it over to the stairs , may , now ! Now ! Now back the hell up ! Over there ! Talk . Tell us where you rerouted the plane . I didn 't set this new course . I swear ! Don 't lie to me ! Yeah , well , the plane just turned around , for god 's sake ! How is this happening , then ? H.Q. Can override automated control of the avionics , Take us anywhere they want . Let me check the instrument panel , and I 'll be able - - No way ! You 're not going anywhere till you explain what - - It 's not me ! Why did you have an encrypted hard line ? And try to shoot me when we found it ? Let 's take a breath , huh ? Let 's not ! [ exhales shakily ] It was a dedicated channel ... To director fury . That 's the truth . Director fury ? I haven 't been able to get him on the line for weeks . You were reporting to him ? That 's all I can tell you . Oh , just come out with it ! That 's all you can tell us ? ! I 'm under orders ! Fury will tell you . What - - was this an order ? To shoot me in the bloody head ? Hold on . We 're not headed to fury anymore . I don 't know where we 're headed . And I can 't get fury on the line because fitz cut the line ! Skye told me to ! Someone was talking to the clairvoyant , The real clairvoyant . You were in the walls , fitz . You want to explain why you were tampering With the plane 's sat cable ? Sure , because that 's relevant ! Don 't try and turn this around on me ! Fitz . I was trying to speak to simmons at the hub . And you needed an encrypted line ? What 's so secret that you - - well , you tell me ! Simmons and I know you two have been whispering , Keeping things from us , About the drug that saved your life . Simmons is just trying to figure out How the whole thing works ! Fitz . Who is she talking to ? Fitz , open the door . No way - - not until we sort this out . I 'm not opening anything . Open the door . We can 't get anything sorted until you open the damn door ! Skye , get your laptop hooked up to our systems . See if you can pull up any s.H.I.E.L.D. Communications . I want to know where this plane is headed and why . Coulson - - You stay put ! Now tell me who simmons is talking to . 'cause if it isn 't someone we trust , She 's in serious danger . [ rapid footsteps ] [ knock on door ] Triplett : Agent simmons . I was wondering where you snuck off to . You busy ? Yes , but that 's okay . It 's noisy here today . A lot of guys in action mode . I asked around . Guess it 's a level eight operation of some sort . Mm . I was surprised to have this room to myself . So , what are you working on ? Wow . Coulson 's team is awfully secretive , Even for this organization . Are you hiding something , agent ? No . It 's just nothing important . I hope not . Because I remember us tracking down a drug That brought a girl back from the brink , And that was real important . Yes . I know . Come to think of it , I don 't remember seeing it in the dispatches , Or you mentioning it when agent blake Got his ribs caved in . I wasn 't in a positi- - 'cause if you had the means and you didn 't use them , That blood is all over your hands , too . I know . [ rapid footsteps , indistinct radio chatter ] I 'm trying . Look . Men died to keep this secret . We don 't understand why , So we wanted to keep our research in-house for safety . Research ? That 's hit a dead end . I 'm uploading skye 's blood scans . I would like to contact agent weaver At s.H.I.E.L.D. Academy covertly . For a little help . But we must keep this between us . Please , I don 't want any ... Trouble . You 're level five ? My level-six clearance gives me access To the holobox - - secure line . But we can 't sneak that in here , can we ? Agent hand seems to be keeping everyone busy . We 'll be good . But , hey , we get questioned , Let me talk . You 're a surprisingly bad liar , agent simmons . I know . [ door opens , closes ] But I 'm getting better at it . Coulson : What do you mean , " noise " ? [ distorted radio chatter ] I mean literally noise Across every s.H.I.E.L.D. Communication channel . Some sort of blanket signal . Encoded data , maybe . I think so . You want to fill us in ? We root you out - - a mole - - Suddenly our plane shuts down , our communications jammed . I don 't know what 's happening . I wish I did . You have to believe me . No , I don 't . Garrett : Do you read ? Do you read , 6-1-6 ? Where 's that coming from ? Close . Enemy aircraft on my tail . Over . Garrett ? Coulson , I 'm under attack . Drones . Repeat , s.H.I.E.L.D. Drones are on my ass . We 're not getting along . Do you copy ? Copy . Garrett , what 's happening ? We 've lost control of our aircraft . Hell if I know . Tell me you got guns on that thing . I 'm coming to you . [ distorted radio chatter ] Ohh ! Fitz , can you manually wire the guns To weapons control , bypass our system ? If I have cables long enough , yeah . Decode the signal . We need to get ahead of this . I don 't want any more surprises today . Here . What happened ? She 's a sleeper . [ grunts ] I mean the other kind of sleeper . Wait . What are you saying ? She 's been reporting on us this whole time . [ door closes ] [ beep ] controls are live , sir . Garrett , what 's your 20 ? I 'll be on top of you in seconds at your 10 : 00 . Guns hot ? Warming up . He needs to pull up , sir . Hey . Hey ! Garrett , pull up ! He knows what he 's doing . Damn it . That 's joanie . Any thoughts on chachi ? Now it knows you 're here . Want to roll over , play dead ? [ chuckles ] Okay , phil , but you better make it quick . I 'm running on fumes . I 'll pull up even of your six . Better not miss . Copy that . Ready when you are , boss . " play dead . " what does that mean ? That means ... I better not miss . Boo-yah . The drones are down . Agent garrett 's alive And docking with s.H.I.E.L.D. 6-1-6 . I suggest we send more men , Shoot that airplane out of the sky . No . We couldn 't seize automated control of garrett 's jet , So I wrote it off as a loss . But now that he 's with coulson , We can cross him off with the rest when they land . Preserve the aircraft . [ sighs ] You got something to say , agent shaw ? Apologies , ma 'am . I 'm just having a hard time killing The people we once called friends . Once that encoded transmission went out , Everything changed . You understand that , don 't you ? We swore allegiance to each other . And today , that loyalty will be tested . If you waver ... You die . Skye : It 's a simple message repeated . Semantic encoding . I needed to find the mnemonic key . It should only take me a minute more to decipher . Can I ask the obvious question ? What the hell ? ! We don 't know . We don 't even know where our plane is headed . Oh , I saw your trajectory . You 're being tractor-beamed straight to the hub . Those drones were launched out of there for sure . Victoria hand . Hand ? Can 't be . It can 't be what , now ? The clairvoyant . I thought ward capped that guy . I don 't believe the man ward killed was the clairvoyant . I think he was an unwitting decoy Meant to end our investigation . That 's a lot of trouble to go through For a red herring , don 't you think ? Because the clairvoyant is a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Using high-level clearance to stay ahead of us , Make it seem like she 's got psychic abilities . " she " ? You think victoria hand 's the clairvoyant ? [ scoffs ] I don 't mean to pee in the punch bowl , But that doesn 't make a lot of sense . I was stationed with vic in lisbon . She 's a hard-ass and a buzzkill at parties , I grant you , But do you really think she 's capable of that ? Excuse me . Didn 't she just try to blow you out of the sky ? Don 't get me wrong - - she 's definitely gone nuts , But her actions prove she 's not the clairvoyant , right ? I mean , if she 's been hiding in plain sight all this time ... Why reveal herself now ? Guys . [ distorted radio chatter ] " out of the shadows , into the light . " [ chatter continues ] Well , I 'll be . I thought hydra was defeated after world war ii . It was . S.H.I.E.L.D. Was founded in the wake of that victory . And now they 're back ? Hyrda always comes back . Cut off a head , two more will take its place . Is it a head ? I thought it was a limb . No , no , no . " cut off a head . " " cut off a limb . " It 's a head . But it was sent from a s.H.I.E.L.D. Source . It 's got to be some sort of activation signal To hydra members within s.H.I.E.L.D. Hand must be one of them . Okay , stop . Stop . W-what does that mean ? In s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Targeting level-eight agents , seizing power . Wonder how deep it goes . The signal 's everywhere . Deep . You know what this means ? Yeah . We 're screwed . We can 't change course , And we have no idea what 's waiting for us at the hub . The hub . I say we blow a hole in the side of this puppy And parachute out , live to fight another day . We can 't . It 's a cherry ride , I 'll give you that , But let 's not just hand over the keys . Simmons is at the hub . We have to save her . Oh , crap . Yeah . Trip 's there , too . I don 't mind saying I don 't like the odds on this one . We should let your specialists out of their cage . We can use every weapon we can get . We 've got to save her . So we 'll fly in there , face the music Even if it is the hydra theme song . Agents triplett and simmons are unaccounted for , ma 'am . Searches are under way . They don 't have anywhere to go . Don 't underestimate coulson 's people . Tie up those loose ends . You 're positive this line is secure ? Yeah , but be quick . Nothing looks more guilty than sneaking around . Well , I sent her a request . She must not have - - Agent weaver , thank you for joining me . I 'd been hop- - jemma . Thank god you 're still alive . What ? What 's wrong ? The hub still secure ? Are you with your team ? Get somewhere safe and lock the door . What 's happening ? Have your commander report that the academy is under sie- - Don 't know how long hydra 's been inside s.H.I.E.L.D. ... Are taking control ! [ gunfire ] Hydra ? What ? Where ? Everywhere ! Among us ! If you survive , you know where to find - - Don 't trust anyone ! [ explosion ] [ gasps ] [ exhales sharply ] [ lock clicks ] What are you doing ? What the lady said to do - - locking the door . Let me out . [ scoffs ] go ahead . This door won 't hold if they come looking , But they won 't come around this way for a little while . I 'm staying . Well , how do I ... Know I can trust you ? Because I 'm trustworthy . [ gasps ] You 're the one who works For the zombie robot back from the dead . [ gasps ] Take it . If you try to kill me with it , I 'll know I can 't trust you . [ sighs ] Now fire that thing back up . Let 's see if we can get our friends on the line . Can 't wait to tell them the good news . [ gasps , exhales sharply ] Coulson said you 're an informant . Want to elaborate on that ? [ grunting ] no , I don 't . [ grunts ] damn icer . [ sighs ] my head 's killing me . I deserve to know . [ sighs ] don 't start with that . We do our jobs . End of story . [ sighs ] I can 't tell you any more until fury gives the go-ahead . You 're good . I mean , I always heard you were good . But , man ... Playing us this whole time , Conning me , coulson . I wasn 't playing anyone . I had your backs . And reported on us behind them . You know , you always said to keep my emotions in check . But this is some next-level - - And you should have listened . You killed a man in cold blood , Let your emotions get the best of you . It was to protect our team from a monster ! It was to protect her ! Which would be okay If you hadn 't shot the wrong guy . Fitz repaired your direct line . If you have the ability to make this right , Now 's the time , 'cause you can 't make it worse . I have orders not to do this with anyone else present . [ thud ] [ grunts ] They 're taking out our guns . Get director fury on the line , Or I 'll March you out there first . [ beep ] Sir , what is going on ? A whole lot . Who is shooting at us ? Come here . Let me catch you up . Apparently , agent hand is the clairvoyant , So chew on that first . Agent melinda may . Voice command . Emergency protocol one . Emergency protocol one . [ ringing ] Man : Hello . This is an x10 straight connection To director fury 's personal line . Where is he ? Director fury is dead . [ machine-gun fire in distance ] [ beeping ] Can that be true about fury ? Man was my s.O. Coulson 's , too . Proved himself more than once to be a hard man to kill . [ gunfire continues ] That sound outside doesn 't bode well , though . Is there anything on this plane You don 't want them to get their hands on ? That was his direct line , phil . So it 's real . That means it 's just you and me , Unless there were other parties you reported to . There weren 't . [ grunts ] [ sighs ] Then come out with it . Fury 's gone . We 're being shot at by our own people . Fury knew you 'd want me to join up , Asked me to keep an eye on you . Looking for what ? Signs of physical or mental deterioration , To keep him updated . It 's that simple . Did you know about tahiti ? How could you do that to me ? After all we 've been through , The years we spent together in ops - - He said it was essential you couldn 't know . The time I spent sifting through the ashes with you In bahrain ? I gave you a second chance when I assembled - - I assembled this team . What ? I evaluated what was needed , And I gave the assessment to fury , And he gave you the parameters for your unit . What was needed , may ? [ sighs ] Someone who could repair your body , A technician who could reprogram your brain , And a specialist to help me put you down If it had to be done . But I didn 't do it for fury . I did it for you , to protect you ! I - - You mean a lot to me . A lot . To hear you were dead ... [ sighs ] You may not believe me , but that 's the truth . And I have nothing to do with the clairvoyant Or this hydra threat we 're up against . Hopefully [ sighs ] this helps prove that . I want to believe you ... But you 've used that against me this whole time . They stopped firing . No clear shots through the windows . They want to preserve the aircraft . A surgical strike team is next . Fitz cut the hydraulics on the cargo ramp . They 'll have to pry it open . That won 't hold them long . We need to plan to get out of here With whatever we can take with us . About that . The 0-8-4 specs , asgardian weaponry , Portal creation , donnie 's weather machine . If they get their hands on gravitonium in the fridge - - It 's below the fridge . No records . Okay , but on the off-chance We 'd give them the designs to weaponize it . The drug from tahiti , sir ? All here . If hydra is really about to seize this plane - - We should wipe the system . I 'm backing it up on this hard drive to keep our edge . Then do it . Scrub the plane clean . It 'll take some time . We 're working on buying you some . I 'm telling you , this signal is clogging everything up . [ distorted radio chatter ] something terrible has happened . Freeze ! Show me your hands ! Show me your hands . [ beep ] [ high-pitched humming ] [ warbling ] [ click ] It 's called a mouse hole . Cuts through anything , really . I designed it a year ago and submitted it for testing , But it never reached distribution . Top agents always hog the good stuff . You 're right . The hard drive 's safer in your hands . You haven 't taught me how to hold up under torture yet . We 'll get to that . It 's real fun . All right . Here 's where we split . Skye and ward ? Heading to the nerve center . Disable their systems , Most importantly , their control of our plane . Copy that . Remember , these agents are under orders . Use icers only . We 'll find simmons , get her out . We should go straight for hand . Hydra 's always talking About getting their heads cut off , right ? Saving simmons and triplett - - that 's our priority . I agree , and that 's how I 'd get it done . Hope you have a better plan . Phil , I can help you if you - - We need your help , but the cuffs stay on . [ footsteps approaching ] [ door closes ] The rest of your possibly very short lives Hinges on this moment . Hydra has successfully infiltrated s.H.I.E.L.D. At the highest level . It only took seven decades , And today is our coming-out party . We have the support of the level-9 and level-10 agents . And those who have resisted hydra Have been crossed off ... Director fury included . I 'm here to offer you a choice , and a simple one at that . Either swear unwavering loyalty to hydra Right now for all time ... Or share fury 's fate . I won 't wait long . [ grunts ] [ panting ] cross us off ... And one of you goes , too . Right answer . The number of people I trust is now seven . Where are we on the roundup ? Jacobson : We 're moving all agents below level five to east holding . I have men monitoring microphones placed in most of the rooms . And our strike team ? Has stormed the plane , yes . That was a-a test ? That very few have passed . [ sighs ] I thought we were dead . You 're not hydra . Thank god . Well , don 't celebrate just yet . We may not be hydra , but your friend coulson - - He is . Baylin : Oh . We captured agent coulson and the cavalry herself . Call upstairs . They 'll need assistance . They 're headed to - - [ buzzer ] ... Here . [ buzzer , lock clicks ] [ grunts ] We caught ' em , the slippery bastards . Agent may took one of mine in the arm . Softy there wouldn 't let her bleed out . Whoa . Do you need medical assistance ? Just your sidearm . Okay , come on , simmons . Where are you ? What ? We 've searched the plane , ma 'am . No sign of it . Shaw : They were on board when it landed . We are tearing this plane apart . They must have ... Snuck off somehow . Check the tunnels . I want two squads posted in every corridor . Capture who you can , But you have permission to use lethal force . Yes , ma 'am . You were right . We should have blown that plane out of the sky . Are you mad ? How can you be saying this ? Hydra won 't show mercy . Neither can we . There is no way coulson is hydra ! He is a good man , a friend ! He 's a liar ! Agent blake came to me with his suspicions - - That coulson and the other level eights Were involved in some sort of conspiracy . Then coulson sent him on an op that put him in the I.C.U. Coulson is not capable of what you 're insinuating . Agent jacobson , coulson 's crimes ? Recruiting known enemies of s.H.I.E.L.D. , Disobeying a direct order - - multiple counts , Violation of international law . To rescue our beloved professor hall , Who ended up dead by his hand . Failure to report the crimes of his protégé , akela amador . Whose same technology somehow ended up In the head of mr . Peterson , and you know his crimes . You helped us save coulson from the clairvoyant . Yet when we found this brain-dead clairvoyant , Coulson 's man ward shot him Before we could learn a single thing about him . The lies add up , agent simmons . Are you telling me he 's never kept a secret from you ? The worst thing you can do right now Is to underestimate hydra . They hide in plain sight . They earn our trust , our sympathy . They make us like them . And when you hesitate , they strike . If we 're to survive , we must learn to strike first . [ panting ] Damn . That processing center is at the end of that hall . Give me your icer . What are you gonna do ? Pave the way for you . There 's like a hundred guys out there . 12 . Level-five foot soldiers , basic armor package , And no other way through . The others are depending on us . But it 's suicide . Not if I don 't die . And if I do ... Wh- - slow down . ... Maybe I deserve to . I killed an innocent man , skye . [ scoffs ] You didn 't know . You thought you were doing the right thing . You thought he was going to - - To hurt you . [ sighs ] If we make it out of this , maybe we can ... Grab a drink , you and me . Are you - - Remember in that bar in dublin , you offered to ... Talk ? I didn 't want to talk . I needed to keep things compartmentalized . Like with may ? [ scoffs ] I 'm not an idiot . We live on the same plane together , for god 's sake . Well , with her , I knew I could . With you ... I didn 't want to risk it . I was offering to talk , ward , not to have sex with you . I 'm not saying that . I 'm saying ... I want a chance to take you up on it , To have that talk . [ sighs ] Look , I know I 'm not that guy . I 'm too locked-down , too boring . When we make it out of this ... Yes , let 's have a drink . You said you might die , so ... What the hell ? [ chuckles ] Lock the door behind me . [ exhales deeply ] [ groans ] Aah ! [ muffled groaning ] [ thudding ] [ footsteps ] [ panting ] [ exhales sharply ] Hey , you ... [ sighs ] [ both panting ] You should really look up The word " boring " in a dictionary . You ready to hack this system ? Who said anything about hacking ? There . Agent hand . Outside the east wing situation room . This is definitely a situation . Is simmons there ? We don 't move until we find simmons . I 'll say it again . Best bet to save her - - Use the ventilation system to get above the sit room . Drop down using fitz 's sweet , little mouse hole , And put two bullets through victoria hand 's heart . Yeah , it 's an option , sir . Without questioning ? Questioning what ? Whether she wants to kill us fast or slow ? Last time we did that , we shot the wrong man . Because she wanted us to ! Phil , this is a battle for s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s soul , And we 're on the front lines . History will remember us this day . That 's right . It 's for s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s soul . And murder without consideration is a sure - - " consideration " ? Consider this . She had one of my men killed With a bomb rigged to his gas pedal . The other two were floating in the hotel pool , And they weren 't doing the backstroke . But we can just as easily ice her . You don 't put someone like her on ice . She had skye shot in the stomach - - In the stomach - - because she was curious . Mike peterson - - burned alive And turned into some kind of freak . She tortured you , using the same machine She used to brainwash that bitch in the flower dress . And right now , She 's probably doing the same to agent simmons . Oh , I 've considered it plenty , my friend . Fitz : No . Simmons will be fine . Just being realistic , kid . I never mentioned that . I 'm telling you , killing her quick would be a mercy . I never said Raina had been inside the machine . I never told that to anybody . I must have read it in a report , then . You weren 't with us . The point is , how many more have to suffer Before vic gets hers ? You showed up right after . What are you driving at ? After skye was shot . Quinn said It was so I would lead the clairvoyant to the cure . That 's exactly what I did . I walked you right in there with me . [ chuckling ] phil ... Look . It 's been a rough day . I-I get it . But you need to take a second and ... [ sighs ] [ clicks tongue ] Damn it . Easy , fellas . Take agent garrett into custody . He 's the murderer they call the clairvoyant . He 's a traitor . Gentlemen , I know agent sitwell was in charge of filling your ranks , So at least a few of you know what to do in this situation . Anytime , boys . [ bodies thud ] Hail hydra . Agents : Hail hydra ! Those three men in your unit - - I guess they asked the wrong questions . Until today , it was all about keeping the secret . Are you gonna kill us ? That wasn 't my plan , really . [ sighs ] If it was , I could have done that anytime I wanted . No , coulson and I go way back , Back to the days When fury was teaching us tactics - - Clearing corners , slicing the pie . Remember , phil ? Fury would bury you for this . [ inhales sharply ] probably . Instead , he 'll just have to roll over in his grave . He must have uncovered our secret . Top brass did what they had to do . Explains why we 've suddenly come " out of the shadows . " Not a minor inconvenience , I might add . " top brass " ? Oh , my , yes . Tip-top . We had a good thing going , too - - Waving the s.H.I.E.L.D. Flag as hard as we could . I guess we 'll be changing colors now . For hydra ? You really believe all that crap - - Spreading death and destruction ? I wouldn 't say I 'm a true believer . Let 's just say I felt The wind changing direction and swung my sail . You really should , too . I would die before serving hydra , You sick son of a bitch . I hate to tell you , but ... You 've been serving hydra all along . I guess death is the only alternative . It 's a sad thing . I consider you a friend . I was happy when I heard you 'd made it through . So happy you had me tortured for three days To find out how they did it . I didn 't enjoy that . Phil , t-this is me being honest . No , john . This is you being a psychopath . [ sighs ] I know you 'd follow him to the grave , so ... [ chuckles ] As for you , agent fitz , you 'll hold a very high rank , Run our tech division if you volunteer . If not , you 'll have no rank and a lot of pain . Of course , either way , your services will be required . You 're gonna suffer for what you 've done . [ sniffles ] And I - - I plan on being a very big part of that . [ chuckles ] I like you , kid . All right . Let them have it . But shoot that one in the kneecaps . [ electricity crackles ] Was that all of them ? It wasn 't as big as I thought - - Aah ! Coulson ! [ whirring ] Hands up ! I 'm not hydra . We heard ... Everything . Who is ? How deep does it go ? [ no audio ] Hand : Captain america has defeated the helicarriers At the triskelion . But his status is unknown . And s.H.I.E.L.D. Has fallen . Hyrda factions have taken control Of our east african headquarters and the treehouse . And those are just the ones we know of . It 's gonna be a scramble , a power grab . I 'll head to the fridge . At least that facility is secure . I don 't need to remind you How imperative it is that it stay that way . And I 'll find agent garrett The smallest , darkest cell in the icebox . I 'd like to turn the key on that cell myself ... If you don 't mind , sir . He was my s.O. I feel I ... I should have known . It was my duty to - - No one knew . I didn 't know . That 's how he beat us - - by being a friend . I spent years with that bastard . [ sighs ] [ voice breaking ] looked up to him . I want to see him suffer . Don 't mind the company , And I can always use a man of your skills . Pick up the pieces here at the hub if you can , And , uh ... Only communicate using one of these . You and I may be The highest-ranking s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents Who aren 't hyrda or dead ... Not that that means anything now . All we have is each other . So stay in touch , agent coulson . I guess you can ... Call me phil . [ sighs ] It 's all gone . In pieces , at least . Skye , try to restore Some of the firmware in the plane 's systems . Fitz-simmons , get a crew together . Help may patch the holes . You still want me on board ? You 're not a friend . But I do believe you 're an ally . We need all the allies we can get . What are we planning to do next ? Survive . Course is locked , ma 'am . Good . He 's not telling stories now , is he ? You know what I 'm thinking , agent garrett ? I 'm thinking the icebox of the fridge Is a little too comfortable for you . Maybe we should put you a little deeper underground . What do you think , agent ward ? You shot the wrong clairvoyant before . Care to shoot the right one ? [ gasping weakly ] Garrett : Did I tell you about this one time I was deep undercover ? The sicilian backup team a no-show , of course . [ chuckles ] so I dropped in through the skylight , Used up my whole mag , And I hit the final guy in the chest with a flare gun . [ chuckles ] boy , you should have seen the look On his face when that thing went off . Oh , man , he didn 't know what hit him . [ chuckles ] now , that 's what I call in-flight entertainment .
