 Previously on Fringe ... What can you tell me about cortexiphan ? It worked on perception . Attention all citizens . Of all of the children that Walter and I prepared , you were the strongest . A storm is coming , and when it is over , I fear there will be little left of our world . William bell told me the man with that marking , Newton , would try to open a corridor from our universe to the other side . Dr. Bell was afraid that if the doorway between the two universes was ever opened ... only one world would remain . Thought you were getting out of here . Afraid not . It 's gonna be a late one . Wait a second . Is that real coffee ? - Where did you get that ? - I don 't know . I have my sources . I got a cousin in Hawaii . She has a secret stash . She sends me stuff every ... This is getting nuts . What is that , six since yesterday ? I 'm from California , so I 'm used to it , you know ? But this is New York . Don 't you think it 's strange ? - What are they saying on the news ? - That they 're just these little quakes . Microquakes . Probably just some by-product of global warming . Well , see you tomorrow . And if you have any extra coffee ... call me . - Good night , Pauline . - Night . _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 15 - Jacksonville - Bon épisode ... - You 've got to be kidding me . - Congratulations , Mr. Bishop . You 've just won an all-expense-paid trip to New York City . I thought I told your people to take me off your contestant list . Not according to our records . It says here that you 're a fan of fine dining and excitement . Do you have a supervisor ? Anybody there I could complain to ? - ' Cause this has to stop . - Did I mention there 's excitement ? Walter , wake up . We just won an all-expense-paid trip to New York City . That 's fantastic . I 've never won anything before . An earthquake in Manhattan . It 's possible , but highly unlikely . Perhaps a small comet . Any witnesses ? Witnesses outside felt the ground shake , but no one saw what happened . What about the people inside ? Emergency services secured this entrance into the building , scouring the place for survivors . How many did they find ? Zero . - It looks ... - rearranged . Extraordinary . Oh , my god . I don 't suppose you have any idea what could have caused this ? Quantum tectonic event would be my guess . Until now , this phenomenon has just been theoretical . A quantum tectonic event ? Well , yes . Imagine a sudden momentary disturbance at a subatomic level . The energy disperses the atoms , literally tearing the very fabric of reality itself . Meaning that all the atoms come apart , but when they reassemble , they come together all wrong . So what are the odds of something like this occurring naturally ? It 's possible . But if so , God has a far more disturbed sense of humor then even I could have imagined . - We got a survivor ! - Third floor ! Let 's move ! ID says his name is Ted Pratchett . Help , please . Hold still , sir . - It 's important you try not to move . - Please help . I don 't know if we can cut him loose from that beam . He might not survive . Call my wife . Someone please call my wife . I just want to hear her voice . Mr. Pratchet , I 'm special agent Broyles with the FBI . This is agent Dunham . We 're going to do everything we can to find your wife and get you out of here safely . I 'll call this in . Mr. Pratchet , It would help us a lot if you could describe what happened here . Tremors . Just like the other ones . Then a really big one that just kept getting worse . I 'm so thirsty . He can 't drink anything . Maybe some ice , but no liquids . I 'm on it . Mr. Pratchet , did anything unusual happen before the disaster ? Maybe someone in the building who shouldn 't have been here . Just the same things everyone saw . Yesterday , the dogs all started howling . Then all those little tremors . The microquakes . Did you hear about any tremors in New York ? Ted Pratchet doesn 't have a wife and it appears he never did . Makes sense . Trauma from his injuries . - He must be delirious . - I don 't think so . Excuse me , miss . Thank you . Thank you . Sir ... What year is it ? - 2010 . - Good . Good . And who is the president ? - President Obama . - Good . Good . Now , I 'm sorry to do this ... What 's the point of this ? I 'm sorry about this , but it is very important . On September the 11th , when the terrorists struck , which buildings did they attack ? The pentagon . And the white house . I think I know what happened here . What is that ? My theory was wrong . This wasn 't a quantum event at all . We 're standing in two buildings . One of which comes from the alternate universe . I 've asked them to send Mr. Pratchet 's bodies back to the lab . Maybe they 'll provide some insight into how this thing happened . - I already know how this happened . - How ? Two universes colliding . This is what William Bell warned me about . He said that Newton would try to open a doorway from our universe to the other side . And that when it happened this would be the consequence . Two objects trying to occupy the same space at the same time . This was Newton . I 'm sure of it . He was here . Walter , I don 't think I can do this . I 've seen some pretty disturbing things in my time working with you , and I think I 've handled them pretty well , but this ... . I can 't do . Awful , isn 't it ? Those boxes over there have evidence from the building . You can go through them . Thank you . All right , so what am I looking for ? Anything that looks like it doesn 't belong . I think this qualifies . Richard Nixon on a silver dollar . That 's disturbing . So when you separate them , Walter , how are you going to tell them apart ? Mr. Pratchet from over there was married . He was wearing a wedding ring . So as far as his wife will ever know , he just disappeared ? That is so sad . Yes , it is . Look at this . It 's a double-decker car . Does this mean that they drive these over there ? I suppose so . What ? I know what Newton did . And I 'm afraid I 've just remembered what 's going to happen next . Newton . He was there . This was taken two hours before the incident . He and his men disguised themselves as a construction crew . So how do we find him ? We 're running down vin numbers . We 're looking into equipment rental , but I would like to take a crew back to New York . It 's Walter . Peter , I need you back at the lab . Agent Dunham as well . We 're busy . Don 't argue with me , son . Get back here now , both of you . That is what 's so important ? This happened almost 25 years ago right here on campus . I know . I 've heard this story before . MIT Students fused a car to the statue of John Harvard . They had to cut the car away . They never figured out how they did it . This wasn 't MIT students , was it ? This was one of your experiments ? When billy and I first tried to generate a stable door between universes , our first test subject was a car ... Billy 's old Monte Carlo and it did not go well . First times are always sloppy . It wasn 't our first time . 11 minutes after we successfully made the car disappear , this car appeared from another reality . - How do you know that ? - It was in 1986 . The car had a CD player . It wasn 't an option at the time . Assuming what you 're saying is true , why ? I mean , how did the car appear ? The universe seeks balance . We sent a car over there , so a car of equal mass came back . Now , a building from the other side appeared here . The laws of physics demand both sides of the equation balance . I calculate that a building from this side will be pulled over there , inhabitants and all ... Within the next ... just under 35 hours . Okay , so how do we stop it ? That 's the thing , agent Dunham . We can 't . We need to evacuate the building . So how do we identify which building it 's going to be ? The one thing that billy and I learned from our experience is that when objects from the other universe cross to our side , they have an energy . Someone once described it as a glimmer . I believe that in the moments before the event when the fabric of the two universes is rubbing together , that the building on this side will begin to take on that glimmer . So then we 'd be able to see it ? Well , unfortunately , no . It 's not visible to the human eye . Then how the hell are we going to find it , Walter ? We can 't , Peter ! - But you can , agent Dunham . - How can I see it ? Because you saw it once before . Walter , when did I see things from the other side ? 26 years ago when you were a little girl . The cortexiphan trials . As I 've said , the drug worked on perception . Of the 30 children that William Bell and I experimented on , you were the first with the ability to identify things from the other side . We gave you the ability . You were conducting illegal drug trials on children . Don 't make that sound like charity work . Was it me who described it as a glimmer ? I can 't see it anymore . Because I believe you stopped wanting to . When you did , there were consequences , but I was able to elicit the ability once . I believe I may be able to do it again . Don 't be ridiculous . You 're not experimenting on Olivia , - and besides ... - Okay , I 'll do it . We don 't have time , so just tell me what it is I need to do . First , I need a plane . I need to go to Jacksonville to the lab where Billy and I first conducted the cortexiphan trials . It 's a day care center you attended as a child . I should be able to recreate the procedure there . Walter , Jacksonville 's 1,000 miles away . It 's 1,016 to be exact , not counting the trip to the airport . Look , Walter , I 'm sure whatever you need , we can get it here . What I need is in Jacksonville ! Jacksonville is where the process worked . If I am able to do it again , it has to be there . A building in Manhattan is just going to disappear ? Yes , that 's what Walter believes . What makes him think whatever he needs to trigger this ability of yours is still inside the facility in Jacksonville ? When William Bell founded Massive Dynamic , he bought the building and the entire military base it was sitting on from the government . He shut it down and closed it off . I believe that everything is still inside . And you 're sure you want to do this ? Submit yourself to Dr. Bishop 's experiments ? I don 't see another choice . Then how can I help ? The events that ted pratchet said led up to the incident ... the dogs howling , the small earthquakes ... Walter thinks that they will likely occur again and that we can use them to infer when it 's about to happen . I 'll contact Nina Sharp , ask to her to have Massive Dynamic enlisttheir geologic division to track any seismic activity . - Thank you . - And Dunham ? Stay in touch . I will . 5 ... 20 ... 10 . I always use the same combination , though I can 't remember the significance . Come . Do you see anything ? Like what ? 16 items in this room ... are from the other side . Perhaps if you look a little closer . Come . Go ahead . Nothing . Well ... We should get started . I was hoping to avoid this . I have a freakishly good memory . I remember everything . But not this . There 's just nothing that 's familiar . Maybe that 's a good thing . You just about ready ? You may want to change into something more comfortable . Perception is largely an emotional response . How we feel ... affects the way we see the world . And so Billy and I reasoned that extreme emotions would stimulate this perception , that acute feelings of fear and love or anger would heighten the awareness . Open the mind , as it were . The drugs help , of course . Is that cortexiphan ? Start the I.V. Drip , please , and lift up . You sure you want to do this ? Wait ! Right arm . No , left arm . Left arm . When you 're under , the drugs will generate an obstacle . I can 't tell you what it will be . It will be uniquely yours . Do you understand ? - I think so . - It will make more sense when you 're under . The point is this . That ... facing that obstacle will elevate your emotional state . Much as running on a treadmill will elevate your heartbeat . And then when I 've got you to the proper level , well , then I 'll pull you out , okay ? I am singing in the rain . The drugs are working fast . - Perhaps it was the right arm . - What ? She 'll be fine , Peter . Would you turn that around ? Thank you . Olivia , I want you to open your eyes . Can you hear me ? If you can hear me , open your eyes . Where are you ? I 'm in a forest . I can see very tall trees . That 's good , Olivia . Theta rhythms are normal . Stable neocortex active . It 's working . There 's someone else here . - Is she all right ? - No , but she 's not supposed to be . In my bag , Peter . The pretzels . Pretzels . - It 's all right . - Please . I don 't want to do this anymore . You don 't have to do anything that you don 't want to do . You don 't have to do anything that you don 't want to do . Wait ! She 's close . Wait , wait ... It 's okay . Please . Make them stop . Please make them stop it . It 's okay . I 'm here now . Nothing can hurt you . It 's okay . That 's better . What 's your name ? Good news . - It worked . - What the hell is wrong with you ? You did this to little children ? We should get to work . - Anything ? - Nothing . Now what ? Should we find some more kids to scare ? I have no idea . Phillip , it 's me . It started . Is she okay ? She 's fine . Hell , do we know what triggered it ? Obviously she was upset , William . It 's okay . It 's all right , Olive . That 's me . What happened ? This was the first time you saw the other side . You were frightened . Started a fire with your mind . It should have worked . This is the very sort of thing that William and I were preparing for . You abused us , Walter . Me and those other children . We were trying to help you , to make you more than you were . Is that what you were doing ? Or were you searching for answers to questions that you shouldn 't have been asking in the first place ? - I was a different man then . - I was a defenseless child . Yes , you were . Yes , you were . Olivia , I think I 'm starting to understand why the process didn 't work . You are different . You 're not that frightened child anymore . I thought all we needed was a heightened emotional response from you , but I was wrong . We needed a specific one . Fear . And you 're not capable of that anymore . Well , not like she was . What we did to you ... You found a way to protect yourself . You channeled your fear into anger , which is why you were so good at your job . But if you want to save those people , you have to find your way back to that scared little girl . And how do we do that ? I don 't know . Is this a part of Walter 's test ? Are you all right ? I 'm not afraid of anything anymore . Okay , let me know if anything changes . Four tremors in the last two hours . Most recent measured 2.6 . They 're increasing in frequency . I 'm sorry . You didn 't send that building over here . So what 's plan " B " ? We 're compiling data . Trying to predict where the next incident will take place . Satellite images , seismic activity , weather patterns . - You need a fresh set of eyes ? - Yes . I 'll take you to the lab . We 've still got time . We 've been plotting the epicenter of each microquake Looking for some sort of pattern . Can you regress any of the data points ? It 's a waste of time . Useless attempt to impose order on random , meaningless data . Tried the same thing 25 years ago when the car came over , tried to tell them why . Why there ? Why 'd it land in the middle of the quad ? The answer is there was no answer . Except mass . The two cars . You said they were the same mass . You two have something going on ? Do you want to fill me in ? Walter seems to think that the two universes have to be in balance . So a building from over there travels over here . That means a building over here of exactly the same mass - has to travel back . - Raiders of the lost ark . The bag of sand and the idol . Not the metaphor I would have used , but , yes , exactly . - Do you have a pencil ? - I have a pen . I need satellite data and 3D imagery to calculate the cubic feet . I 'll also need a comprehensive list of all building materials used during construction . For every freestanding structure in New York city ? I think we can rule out the Empire State Building . Peter . Anything ? Good news . We have a plan . He can eliminate the three buildings in Tribeca , because they 're way too big . - Are they lofts ? - Yeah , why ? Lofts have no interior walls . Even though one of the buildings might be bigger , they could be the same mass . The guys downstairs on the supercomputer are crunching numbers on the buildings , but it 's gonna take some time . What else can I do to help ? It 's time . It could happen any moment now . How many buildings are we down to ? 147 buildings spread out all over Manhattan . Three hospitals , a cancer treatment center , a nursing home . The NYPD and the fire department have a standing evacuation protocol . With our help , they could clear most of those buildings ... The evacuation itself would kill a lot of these people . Not to mention cause a city-wide panic that might kill thousands more . The largest building on this list has , what , 500 people ? So you think we should just let the building disappear ? Let those people disappear ? There are times when the only choices you have left are bad ones . I figured if I could shut down all the non-essential functions , I can make these things run faster . It 's too late . I failed . I failed and I 'm supposed to be the one who can stop things like this . You ... I 've never met anyone who can do the things that you do . I 'm scared . Don 't be . What ? Peter , I 'm scared . It was in the West Village near the Hudson , I think . - I couldn 't see exactly where . - Was it near the piers ? - A couple of blocks from the river . - Were there any landmarks ? - Other buildings nearby there ? - Yeah , that new tower , - the one near the elevated tracks . - The high line . Still too many potential candidates . Olivia , we need you to narrow it down ... I 'm trying . Okay , I see it . It 's on Washington . Peter , there was a hotel on Washington . What do we have on Washington ? Brayson place hotel . 13th and Washington , number 's right there . Call chief Solomon at the NYPD . Call the fire department ... Hello , yes . This is special agent Phillip Broyles with the FBI . You need to evacuate everyone from the building immediately . - Is everybody out ? - I think so . I guess it 's safe to say that you 've got the rest of the night off work . ... Hundred miraculously escaped what federal authorities are calling an unschedule control demolition at the Brayson Place hotel . The conspiracy nuts are gonna have a field day . You 'd be surprised what you can make The general public believe . You saved a lot of people . We all did . This ability you 've demonstrated ... what finally activated it ? I think it was just time . Yeah , monopoly is great . He loves the colored money . Okay . Thanks again . I 'll see you soon . That was Astrid . She 's gonna come over and play some games with you . Good . I hope she likes monopoly . - Where are you going ? - Me ? I 'm going out for drinks . Who are you drinking with ? A date ? No , just drinks . Apparently , that 's what normal people do . They go out for drinks . If you need to reach me , I 'll leave you the number of the restaurant right here , okay ? - She 's here , Peter . - I know , I heard it too . - Shall I get the door ? - Absolutely not . In fact , it would be my preference if you could be someplace else all together . - Where ? - Chicago ? Come on in . I know a great place . It 's just a couple blocks away . I thought we 'd walk . I 'll go get my coat . Please don 't tell him .
