 it 's body blast introduce by the madness of it 's own inhabitance while it 's head was cursed to roam angriously from time and space screaming in pain and sorrow in legend and in fact it is known as " Metal Hurlant " Translated by R.O.C.K king is dying and the Drones looking for a new master they strive to keep him alive until someone wins the tournament now and I 'll be the ones winner I 'll cut you to the pieces and throw them to the edges one by one you think yo 're more worthy than me ? I know I am Mercy , Mercy Mercy I would show me in here by right of the tournament held here on the king 's grounds the last man standing takes it all kingdom and crown interview mood of engaged for the benefit of your brave , sir state your name ? I 'm Guilam of the Thuram Township tell them Guilam why do you want to be king ? we all lost the sites of what we are our will , our drive and our identity the kingdom is grown stale but it wasn 't always been in this way i want to turns thing around return peace and technology to the villages and townships i want to make difference quit your gapping ! and do some fighting ! such it 's over fortunate for you Well ! it 's look like you have a new fan anymore maybe I should teach this tick some mathers just like you tought me first man Come on ! do you expect to banquet these majesty warriors ... My fellow players as you put our hostility to one side in portions excess become the order but remains of the day I teach the landan take a notice for a few moments of few time let me tell you about your king beyond the royal propaganda his rule corporates on tributes demands of regulary from us a publish street population , a constant supply of food women and drugs that he wants daily I want to be king as prove conclusive that the old man finaly ... dead you may want to prove him dead as a king , but you want but I should be one to send you all to your graves on one side where the king 's crown I show have to everyone know that all your hardships maybe until now show pailing comparison to what your days looklike on the my role the role of king Hud son from Shashia ! I like him ! but fear not my friends that those obey my roles be rewarded with finest gold , and jewelry , and more sex slaves and drugs and what you never possibly handle . to the king ! to the king ! Guilam Drink ! No beer I 'm looking after of my self Yeah In other way we wouldn 't be interested Fortunate and dry ha ! But i see how eye laid into the coronation throne you must long to be sited there I there is long end inside me so strong sometimes i fear i can 't breath forever each thing in my mind never leave 's me my room in township I wanna make this world a better place The king is blind to the miseries of the outside world out of his floating castle demanding it 's tributes taking inside crops living us with nothing the Drones have given me Guilam of Thuram a chance to commiunity in compete and i will be expecting strate , once and for all quit your traveling about your past , slum warriors and let the real fighters enjoy our night But tommorrow I 'll my self slice and open your dead trought to pour down this rich beverage that you seem to despise For tonight is our Night ! Yes Off the numbers who started today less than half remained For one of us there 's a way to own the price For the rest of us , richest souls There is only the fate ! Tommorrow then we shall have a new king Well this not the one who wants to make the worlds to the better place ! you know nothing who i am ! you believe so ... you should know more than anyone of my kind is who takes the rule ! How could you possibly believe that your slum township can put you a king ? Admire that is your slum king ! these are my people ! and soon they should be under my role ! you 'll never be my king ! My friends it was not always been like this all this hardships and miseries now it 's my intend to teach this one some mathers Julian be carefull ! I feel he is more than just talk centuries ago ... the kingdom was the technological utopia no one wanted for anything it was the king that ended it all Asking world to the kingdom if not based on sufferings sufferings ? I rid of these sufferings of every body 's here ... By shutting you up ! you dare to interrupt me ? He maded doctrine of the kingdom Regression from technological paradise back to the feudal stale keeping law and technological for himself the king to distribute where is mine now it 's time to real fight and now Guillam all others were taken in the fall me and you in Hurlant people needed hero now more than ever and if you want to be that hero you have do best to be better this you couldn 't be the one never for i 'm the king 's bastards son one of on many scatter cross to kingdom concieved on the night he helped himself to my mother who be discarded shortly there after and i fear i too with bring it all small dream rubble such as the hatred burning chasm deep inside my soul in my heart there is no light no hope for a better world misery runs on my mind very blood But I 'm happy to have found you Guillam Long live the new King Guillam you are the last man standing My first that as the king is to rid us of this barbaric tournament If we are to rebuild , need every man every woman and every child and I like to tecknology to good use for a change Are you ready ? I I 'm ready the king is dead the choose of one waiting a chrisom on the throne . What is this ? What is going on ? answer me ! I am your king soon ... you will be initiating the coronation sequence I 'm your king , I command you to answer me ! Stop this , I recommend you to stop this Transplantation Yes ! good fit I 'm free of fitness body like this one your highness , the people rejoice of reports of your coronation tributes will be given following to the marvelous glorious event yes ! yes ! all in good time your subject claims to see your majesty I think I like to slump with some of these tributes first but it 's , new body to test Yes long live the king
