 ¶ high and low I 've traveled ¶ far and wide I 'd go ¶ from the desert tracks to the mountainside ¶ ¶ I 'll bring you this traveling show ¶ Man : Big boy , this is little boy . How 'd things go down at the chicken coop ? Weigh-station inspector needs to learn some adult words And a bit of hygiene , but he waved us through . The cargo is secure . Looks like a clean shot from here . Little girl will take point on your front door . See you at the drop stop , mack . I 'm clear . Son of a bitch . You see that ? Little girl is down . Repeat , escort two is down . I know , sherlock . What the hell hit us ? We need to go to alt two , alt two . Nothing over our shoulder . Back door 's clear . Protect the cargo at all costs . S.H.I.E.L.D. Region ct , this is agent mack . We are under attack from an unseen I-don 't-know-what . What in the holy name of ... S.H.I.E.L.D. Region ct - - oh , hell , I can 't explain . Oh , no ! Are we there yet ? You know you 're late . I 'm tired from the morning 's workout . I thought I was joining s.H.I.E.L.D. , It 's called relative strength training , Starting with the basics . You do 15 push-ups for every minute you 're late . Fine , mr . Fun machine . Better than pull-ups . I don 't ever want to do another pull-up again . You find yourself hanging off the edge of a building 20 stories up , You 're gonna want to do at least one . Stand here . Jab cross , like this . 10 minutes . You know the hardest part about boxing ? Getting punched in the face ? Keeping your hands up . Why do I even have to do this ? I 'm sure fitz-simmons' supervising officer Didn 't make them do this muscle stuff . You said you wanted to be a field agent , like coulson . Well , if you 'd like to switch disciplines ... What did your s.O. Give you guys for morning drills ? Oh , atomistic attribute drills . Yeah , we 'd name the mechanical , chemical , thermal - - Electrical properties of materials . Okay , okay . They made your point . There will come a moment When you have to commit to this or bail . Every field agent has a defining moment . When you have to make the hard call To either dedicate yourself to this Or to curl up in a ball and run . How can you run if you 're curled up in a ball ? It 's my job as your s.O. To make sure you don 't die before then . So what was yours , agent ward ? 10 minutes . Your defining moment ? Come on , tell me . I want to know . I could get coulson to give you some of that truth serum . You could spill your little heart out to me again . You mean my level one overshare That miraculously got you to cooperate ? I hate to tell you this , rookie , but we don 't have a truth serum . May : Changing course , briefing in three . Ah , looks like we 're on the move . S.H.I.E.L.D. 616 with new orders . Set for colorado air field north . A few minutes ago , A s.H.I.E.L.D. Transport was attacked While carrying a priority red protected asset Off route 76 near sterling . Priority red ? [ whistles ] The asset was canadian physicist dr . Franklin hall , Known for his work - - Oh , no , not frank . He was our chemical kinetics adviser our second year . Yeah , he 's so enthusiastic about science , We just adored him . We can rescue him , can 't we ? He 's one of ours . We 're gonna try . And the attackers ? Invisible . Wait , invisible ? [ laughs ] cool . But terrible . Dr. Hall was an asset ? One of a few select scientists S.H.I.E.L.D. Has been protecting , People our enemies would love to get their hands on . We keep them hidden , keep them on the move . Which is why fitz and I were so lucky to have him . We don 't have him anymore . And what does priority red mean ? It means security should have been ... It was pretty damn scary , and I don 't spook easily , boss . Nothing in the air from above ? Nothing over our shoulder , But what 's scary is they knew our route . They were waiting for us . Are you saying they were working with somebody inside s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Sorry to say ... It had to be . Fitz , what am I seeing here ? Well , I 'm not wearing The full-spectrum goggles I designed , So [ chuckles ] no clue . [ chuckles ] Let me have a look . Come on . No , whoa , whoa , whoa ! Wait ! Don 't move . Wait a second . What the hell ? I think the electro-static field scanner Activated some ... Thing . Okay , can we deactivate it ? Now ? Have to increase the density . I tried , fitz , but - - Fitz . Whoa . [ sighs ] That did all this . What is that ? Something big . Either someone cracked our comm system , Or dr . Hall 's movements leaked from inside s.H.I.E.L.D. You really think we have a mole ? I think you should go through the communication logs , We 'll work the tractor tread that we found on the scene . I can do that instead of pull-ups . I can upload an image of the tread pattern , Check to see if there 's any sort of - - Ward : Already done . Matched it to a 2010 model . Found a list of purchasers within a 500-mile radius , Narrowed down to those with priors , financial troubles , Or propensity for risk-taking . Three suspects . Coulson : Who may have sold their construction equipment To the kidnappers . We 'll ask . Hey , so , ward said a funny thing . He said that you guys don 't have a truth serum . Did he ? Ward said that ? Yeah . Interesting . Yeah . Hey , wait - - hey . Do you want me to bench press this ? Read it . Every communication out of hq Since they decided to transfer dr . Hall . Hang in there , doc . It 's gonna be a while . Excuse me . Who the hell are you ? A concerned citizen who happens to be a member Of a giant bureaucratic organization That 's tracking your every move . I haven 't done anything wrong . But you sold your excavator to some people who did . And you 're hiding out here until things cool down Because you know it . I just want to know who paid you . Paid me enough not to answer any questions like that . [ grunts ] Feels like the old west . They gave me money for my equipment . That 's all . I never saw a face . I never heard a name . And how did you receive this money ? They write you a check ? Paid you in gold ? Now it really feels like the old west . It looks like this because it 's a doré bar . It means it was made at the mine rather than in a refinery . It 's only about 92 % pure . The cowboy got cheated a bit . Can you determine the mine based on the impurities ? Oh , yeah , yeah , yeah . It 's from the dacey mine in tanzania , Which is owned by - - Quinn worldwide . I 'm sure you studied the c.E.O. In your chemical engineering classes Or saw him on the cover of forbes - ian quinn . We can 't just pluck it from the ground like a potato . It needs to be extracted from the ore and enriched . I know . You know , tell him this investment Paid for that ridiculous yacht of his And that he 'll thank me at the shareholders meeting . Why is he tied up ? Quinn . Does he look like a threat ? I 'm sorry about these guys . [ laughs ] Welcome to malta , frank . You know , it 's one thing to steal my ideas , ian , First of all , I never stole your ideas . We 've always agreed information should be free . It 's amazing how much money you made off free information . Secondly , think of this as a rescue mission , frank . In fact , in a moment , I think you 'll be thanking me . My staff intercepted a communication About the movement of a certain asset , And when I deduced that asset was you , I couldn 't pass up on the opportunity . It 's a little out of my comfort zone , sure . Malta . S.H.I.E.L.D. Can 't come after you here . I am now a naturalized citizen of this fair country . Stunning beaches , beautiful tax laws , And a deep-seated hatred Of outside forces telling them what to do . Sounds like your dating profile . [ laughs ] I moved my entire operation down here . Bought the old prime minister 's estate . It 's not really my style , But it had this huge underground facility , Always been a stubborn bastard . Now you 've finally found a place Where the watchdogs can 't touch you . Not without breaking international law . Ahh . But more importantly , old friend , They can 't touch you . Recognize the design ? We were barely old enough to drink When you sketched the blueprint . That 's just a miniature prototype . A theoretical machine powered by a theoretical substance . Frank , you were right . You found it ? Fitz : Gravitonium . It 's an extremely rare high-atomic numbered element . Simmons : That powers the device . That most people didn 't believe it existed , Much less the theory that an isolated positive charge - - Would turn the flow from isotropic - - Guys , high-school dropout here . How does the device work again ? Well , gravitonium distorts gravity fields within itself , Causing an undulating , amorphous shape . Which causes these , um ... Wiggly bits here , But when an electric current is applied , The gravitonium solidifies . And those gravity fields erupt , Randomly changing the rules of gravity around it . Well , so , now you can imagine what would happen to a big rig At 100 kilometers per hour . Or , uh , well , you could just remember , 'cause we saw it already , didn 't we ? Yeah , and guess which genius Published every theory about gravitonium And possible applications - - years go ? Dr. Franklin hall . Correct . And dr . Hall attended the university of cambridge At the same time as ian quinn . Coulson may be off on this . Quinn is a notoriously good guy . His charity endowment 's something like $ 8 billion . Yes , with money made From leeching the earth of its resources . Looks like he 's dug up another . 20 years , 12 mines , 6 continents , But , yes , I finally found it . And now [ laughs ] we get to play with it . Do you remember in all our talks on orchard street The part where it 's very , very dangerous ? Everything powerful is dangerous . But I 'm not gonna convince you with more talk - - Talk of 50 % shares , talk of nobel prizes . No , not you . You ... Will just have to see it . I built a full-size generator , But I need you to tell me how to control the gravity fields . You can complete your life 's work . I plan to do this with or without you , But I know you . I know you 'd want it done right . Now 's the moment when you thank me . Coulson : The man 's a prisoner , And it 's up to us to get him out . Ward : We 've checked the specs . There 's no way into quinn 's compound Without a large s.H.I.E.L.D. Strike force He 's got neodymium laser fencing surrounding the property . They 'll never allow a strike force into malta . Quinn worldwide 's got its annual shareholders gathering . We 're risk global outrage , but - - S.H.I.E.L.D. Can disavow us , claim ignorance . Without a man inside , it 's impossible , Unless you 're immune to pulse laser emissions . If we had a monkey , we could get in . Ugh , fitz ! If we had a small monkey , He could slip through the sensors And disable the fence 's power source With his adorable little hands . I could go in . Drop me in the hills outside of valletta . I 'll spend a few weeks establishing a cover , Gathering intel - - Hall doesn 't have a few weeks . Caught on maltese soil can be shot to death with bullets - - Legally . Not me . I could go in . Skye , this is serious . Wait . What are you saying ? Well , I 'm not an agent of s.H.I.E.L.D. , So I can go in without breaking all these stupid rules . This isn 't something the rising tide can hack , skye . Did you hear the deadly lasers part ? You said you could go in with a man inside . Fitz-simmons loved the guy , and he needs help . They could be torturing him , Or worse , making him do strength-training . But you don 't have the background or clearance Or experience with any of this . I know . But I 've got an invitation . Well , technically , it 's an e-vite . I understand your concern , but we don 't have a lot of options . Hey , I 'm impressed . She just wrangled an invitation on her phone Using insider back-channel voodoo in minutes . But sending her in with no training , You 're taking a huge risk . I know director fury felt he owed you After you sacrificed yourself . He gave you some autonomy , but skye on a covert op ? Are you worried about her safety or her loyalty ? The rising tide is the reason she got an invite . Who knows how many protocols she violated ? That 's her job - - ignore protocol , Find connections and back doors that nobody else can see . Something else is bothering you . [ sighs ] She 's holding back , sir . She says she wants to be an agent , but she won 't commit . She doesn 't listen , makes jokes . Were you hard on her ? Sure . I tried playing nice , too . I need a new strategy . Try no strategy . Stop thinking like an operative , start thinking like a person . Maybe skye will let that person help her . Help her what ? Help her think like an operative . Now , again , slowly , what 's first ? Then things are moving too quickly . I 'm a proper southern girl . [ southern accent ] you 'll make me untidy . Twist the thumb , palm the barrel . You 're gonna die and leave us hanging out to dry , You 're going in with no self-defense skills - - I have a few tricks up my sleeve . You need muscle memory , fundamentals , The tools to turn yourself - - Into a whole bag of tools ? How did you learn computer science Without committing yourself to it ? C.S. Comes naturally to me . I 'm sorry I 'm not naturally whatever you are . You think this came naturally ? I had a brother who beat the crap out of me - - Me and my little brother - - for nothing , For eating a piece of his birthday cake . I had to learn to protect us The way I am trying to protect you . That was my moment . You asked . Sorry . I didn 't mean to push . But I did manage to take this . Getting the gun is one thing . Pulling the trigger - - that is another . Now , again , slowly , what 's first ? Skye will walk in the front door . The only external access point to quinn 's underground facility Is from a beach cove . A two-man extraction team could slip in there , But it 's not easy . Fitz-simmons . The perimeter is surrounded By a 20-foot-high neodymium laser grid . Touch it and you 're toast . Dead toast . The only way to disable the grid Is to crack the system and trigger a reboot . This would give the team three seconds to cross . Of course , quinn 's too smart To allow any wireless access on his property . Yes , working compact - - holds up under x-ray . Desert rose to match your complexion . But - - oh , what 's this ? A readout , okay ? Turns green if you 're in close enough proximity To a computer to gain wireless access . You just drop this nearby and walk out . We 'll do the rest . Easy as pie . Or it will be if you stick to the plan . Skye : Got it . Plan , green , drop , walk ... Pie . I don 't want to question your orders , sir . But I 've already seen far more combat than I bargained for . This two-man extraction team ? It 's exactly the kind of action I was hoping to avoid . That 's why you 're not on it . Specialist work is different from field work , believe me . When was the last time you - - Hall 's one of ours , and he 's in trouble . I need two men to get him out . Ward makes one . So that 's why I 'm going in . You forget - - I saw plenty of action with the avengers . And you died . All right , team , suit up . [ sighs ] Hors d 'oeuvre , madame ? Mmm . Qasim : Who are you ? Oh , apologies for his manners . He knows very little english . Oh , that , uh , that 's - - what- - whatever . Skye . Qasim zaghlul . You built half of dubai , including the arabian blade . I love that building . It 's super sci-fi . Where 's your wife ... Wife 's name 's nadrah . ... Nadrah ? May : Twin sons . She staying at home with the boys ? How 's she doing ? The pleasure is mine . [ chuckles ] I could get used to this , people . It 's like siri if it worked . Really , the best thing about your deal is ... Skipper to bravo . I got eyes on top dog . The eagle is landing on it . What are you doing ? Uh , sorry , I - - I don 't know . I see quinn . I 'm gonna go talk to him . I mean , that and its effect on the industrial average . That was good . [ laughs ] Yeah , right ? Ian quinn . I 'm your last-minute party crasher . Skye . Oh . [ chuckles ] wow . [ chuckles ] great to meet you . Um , this is skye , a member of the rising tide . They 're a group of hackers . I 've gotten some pretty big secrets out to the public . I prefer " hacktivist . " I 'm glad you 've heard of our site . I read it . We think very much alike - - More freedom of information , Less government infringing on everyone 's rights - - I 'm a fan . That explains the invite . This is a tough party to get into . Not as hard to get into as the encrypted back channel You contacted us through to request the invite . [ chuckles ] that 's sort of where I live . You 've got to show me how you did that - - I mean , if you sign on . Sign what , now ? I 've been known to turn a few black hats into white hats , Not just for vulnerability analysis , But for very creative thinking . A-are you offering me a job ? Well , I didn 't invite you here for your pretty face . I didn 't know you had a pretty face . Yes , I want to hire you before someone else snatches you up . May : That seemed to go well . Yeah . It did . [ applause ] Many of you shareholders have been with us for years , And I see a few new names here , But I want to thank you all for traveling so far To this beautiful country And , well , for slumming it at shaba tal-banar . [ laughter ] This country where we are allowed To pursue progress and profit Without the stranglehold of regulations That are now choking our world . The United States government , the e.U. , the drtc , S.H.I.E.L.D. - - These are just a few of the institutions That are guilty of halting the development of new technology For anyone - - except themselves . We dare defy them with a new idea , They steal in and sweep it out from under us . But not today . You 're all aware of what quinn worldwide has been able to do With basic minerals , let alone uranium or plutonium , Despite these unjust restrictions That weigh the scales in the other guy 's favor . Well , today , I 'm announcing something new - - An element that could balance those scales , And I mean that quite literally . Imagine if you could control gravity , If instead of drilling for oil , it rose up to greet you . Imagine if you could move a super tanker 's worth of cargo With a swipe of your hand . Well , we will do this and more . Coulson : This could have been a traumatic experience He may not be the same when we find him , ward . We don 't want your personality to set him on edge . Great time for humor , sir . My people skills are the least of our problems If skye can 't get us in . It 's locked , but there 's no lock . Eh , check for a keypad . Nothing . What , you can hack a keypad ? No , not over the phone . Is there a reception desk ? Okay , yeah . Well , now what do I do ? What are you trying to do ? Just [ chuckles ] looking for a pen . Here we go . [ chuckles ] Got to write down all those good ideas , you know what I mean ? Of course you know what I mean . Probably have like 10 pens for all your ideas . What are you really doing ? All right . I 'm busted . I was trying to get a glimpse behind your office doors , See how things really operate . I invite you here as a guest , You treat me like another corrupt institution , Looking for trade secrets to leak online . Security . No , no , no , wait . It 's just , with all these la-di-da people , You have to be so guarded , So careful - - What you say , what secrets you reveal . And ... I was hoping that you and I Could be honest with one another . If you know what I mean . Skye : My office had less space , more wheels . A view of the ocean and the pool . Quinn : Not a bad place to do business . Got the dispatch leaking hall 's location . Oh , can you trace the dhcp server - - Trace is running , but it 'll take time . Our girl ? I thought she was done for , But she 's just sweet-talked her way into quinn 's office . How 'd she manage that ? Pbht ! She probably just used her , um ... Uh ... Uh ... Her , uh ... Ah , oops . Ugh . That 's the only explana- - Oh , my gosh , the signal 's dead . Fitz ! What - - I didn 't . She must 've - - Oh , lord . Skye : [ sighs ] Haven 't felt that " someone 's watching my every move " feeling Since I failed my driver 's test . You want to tell me what the hell 's going on ? S.H.I.E.L.D. Got to you ? They picked me up in l.A. , I helped them in a crisis , And now they want to recruit me . Of course they did . So I played along . Talk about inside info - - I have a bunk on their plane . I 've been gathering intel , Biding my time until I could become useful . I thought this qualified . Why would they trust you with a covert operation like this ? Something about s.H.I.E.L.D. Not breaking international laws . They had no other options , Whereas I like to keep mine open . [ sighs ] Next patrol any minute now . Repeat , we 've lost audio and vitals . Abort is not an option , but if she 's compromising - - She 's still our only way in to get to dr . Hall . And we 're their only way out . Man : Beach is all clear . Let 's move up the ridge . You 're saying they wanted to rope me in Because I pose a genuine threat . Yes , and fit their profile . Profile . You 're a criminal . You have a warrant somewhere . [ chuckles ] probably . Specialized skill set . I try to stay humble but fail . No family . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to hit a nerve , But that is what these people do . S.H.I.E.L.D. - - They prey on fear And loneliness and desperation , And then they offer a home To those who have no one else to turn to . I can offer you something better . [ grunts ] [ grunts ] Damn . A little rusty , I guess . Guys , clock 's ticking . You stay with us , there 's no secrets , No lies , and no agenda . You 're free to do what you do Without big brother watching over you . But first , you have to tell me Exactly what agenda s.H.I.E.L.D. Sent you in here with . Well , they wanted me to do whatever it takes To get in here . [ chuckles ] Get in here and ... ? Bat my eyes . Get you talking . We 're in ! She 's done it ! Fitz , you 're up . Oh , mother of all things . Move , move , move ! Uh ... Man : We have a man down . Hostiles on the east ridge ! [ gunshots ] Aah ! We need a reset here , fitz ! [ gunshots ] fitz ! Saying his name repeatedly does not increase productivity ! Okay , go ! Oh , maybe it does . System rebooting in two , one , now ! [ grunts ] I 'll look for dr . Hall down in the lab . I 'll get skye . Quinn : No , you can 't be the only angle . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s thorough enough to know about me And my exploits . It takes more than a pretty face to disarm me . Sir , we have a security breach . Oh , the timing on that was perfect . [ sighs ] Dr. Hall . Agent coulson . We have an exit strategy . S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Yes , sir . Let 's get you out of here . I 'm sorry , mr . Coulson . I 'm right where I 'm supposed to be . Our strategy did not take into consideration you saying that . [ sighs ] oh , no . Look , I don 't know what quinn is promising you , but - - An opportunity . We can 't let quinn have control of this . We can 't let anyone have control of this . To bury it at the bottom of the ocean , with him . May : Coulson . The leak came from - - Dr. Hall . Yeah , I 'm getting that . All petitions , embargoes in the world couldn 't stop ian . He grows more powerful every day . And then I get word he 's found this . I 'm sorry , mr . Coulson . I had to make a choice . Something tells me that wasn 't the " off " button ! Guys , we need to talk . Lost you for a minute . We 're aware of the problem , sir . Hall wanted quinn to kidnap him ? Yeah , why would he do that ? What is wrong with him ? Quinn built a gravity generator , Like the one we found but bigger . Hall knew quinn would need him to control its raw power , But hall just wanted to unleash it . The one we found was 2.5 centimeters in diameter . It stopped a semi . How big are we talking ? 12 feet . It 'll definitely take down the entire compound . It 'll sink the place . No , it 'll do more than that . I 'll disconnect the power before things get ... Crazy . They can 't help you . Soon , it 'll reach an exponential acceleration state . I 'm sorry . My team 's here - - good people . Sworn to protect all mankind ? That 's what I 'm doing , I promise - - Making things right . [ chuckles ] Don 't you get it ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s against everything you stand for . They 're big brother . Maybe , but they 're the nice big brother Who stands up for his helpless little brother When he 's getting beat up Because he ate a piece of cake that he wasn 't - - You know , you kidnapped a person ! I set him free ! I saved him ! And I could 've saved you . This place is massive . Where am I heading ? Southwest corner . Ward , tell me you 've got things covered on the ground . I can 't do a damn thing from out here . I 'm working on it . Tell me what they 're doing ! Tell me what they 're doing . You have to talk . You have no other way out of this . You 're expendable to s.H.I.E.L.D. They sent you in here with nothing . Ah ! They taught me a few things . Kid 's got balls . Thanks , but ... Yuck . But do you have what it takes to pull the trigger ? Nope . Get her . Hall . We have to evacuate . Get the chopper . Now ! All I had to do to get access to quinn 's lab Was drop little clues , create a puzzle for him to solve . Quinn likes to feesmart . So you leaked your location . Why not try reasoning with him ? You can 't reason with an addict , And he 's addicted to exploiting opportunities . He never gives a thought to the friends , ecosystems , Future generations left ruined in his wake . Like agents fitz and simmons , your former students ? I 've got them in my ear right now , Telling me you 're not a bad guy . We could 've worked with you on this . S.H.I.E.L.D. Is just as guilty of the same thing - - Experimentation without thought of consequence ! Your search for an unlimited power source Brought an alien invasion . Fair point . T-this element is far too powerful for you , For him , for anyone ! I don 't have to tell you that . You 're feeling it now . [ panting ] No , no . No , no ! Please , please ! [ grunting ] [ panting ] Are you hurt ? Just follow my orders . I 'll get us out of here . I see the future , mr . Coulson , and it 's a catastrophe . I just see a lot of people in trouble . Nothing . Fitz-simmons ? Coulson : I tried to cut the power . Find a catalyst . You need to find a catalyst . Something to create a chemical reaction in the core . It 's not too late to do the right thing . I am doing the right thing - - A completely selfless act . I know that history never celebrates what didn 't happen . They 'll call this a-a tragedy . They won 't understand the good I did here . Killing innocent people ? Saving millions . We have to live with the choices we make , But sometimes we have to die with them , too . I understand . You made a hard call . Yes . And how I have to make mine . [ breathing heavily ] Say it back to me . Deepest level of the fridge , Unmarked vault , no access granted . And no recorded entry . I don 't want it listed . I don 't want it flagged for the slingshot . Anyone finds out , you 're responsible - - and suffering . Understood ? Yes , sir . That 's what hall would 've wanted . [ sighs ] used to have this down . Should be just muscle memory . You 're making a habit of it , sir . Trying . Guess I 'm a little rusty . Of these close calls , I mean . I don 't enjoy running back end . You want off the plane ? Go ahead . I want in . Reporting for combat next time it 's up . You committed to the cause or just watching my back ? Same thing . And you are a little rusty . You and your brothers - - where 'd you grow up ? Massachusetts , mostly . A house ? You didn 't ? One house . The brodys . [ panting ] Sent me back to st . Agnes after a month . Said I wasn 't a good fit . Foster parents . Your first ? My third . I had heard it before , but ... This one was different . 'cause you wanted them to like you . Bad . I called her " mom " once ... Tried it out . [ sighs ] Guess it wasn 't a good fit . Hoping for something and losing it Hurts more than never hoping for anything . We won 't turn our back . Doesn 't matter . I made my choice . I want this . Bad . And I know there 's a truth serum . Coulson : Marvel 's " agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " will return in a moment .
