 Narrator : Previously on helix ... Free me . You need to leave here as soon as possible . We 're not gonna run . Anana , if you scatter to the wind , you still have a fighting chance . To live forever is to die 10,000 times . We are talking about immortality . But there 's so much that 's happened that we can 't explain . ( choking ) Hatake : She doesn 't have much time . You believe you can save her ? No , but julia can . ( peter shrieking ) ( lights buzzing ) ( footsteps approaching ) ( panting ) ( beeping ) ( squeaking ) Ah ! ( woman screaming ) ( cell phone vibrating ) System voice : Access granted . ( disks beeping ) ( monitor beeping steadily ) ( weakly ) alan . No , don 't get up . You need to rest . I 'm fine . You had a spinal tap . All right ? You had more than a sample 's worth of Cerebrospinal fluid taken out of you . Your body needs to replenish itself . When you put it that way ... How is sarah ? Did you do an mri ? Yeah , and it 's ... It 's incredible . Her tumor is shrinking . So it worked ? I thought you 'd be thrilled . I am . It 's just ... Given the circumstances , I hope we did the right thing . It was a quick call , but it was the right one . I can 't explain the science behind your transformation , yet . But what you did for this girl ... I want to do for everyone who 's infected on this base . You cannot give everybody a csf infusion , it 'll kill you . The genetic study sarah was doing before she crashed ... My cells are going to be the key to finally taking down this disease . We can save these people , alan . All right . But we need to work smart and fast . The ilaria problem will not go away , And I have no idea how much time we have left . ( knocking ) Set up a temp lab in here . Go , I 'll keep an eye on sarah . Is everything all right ? I 'm afraid not . We have a serious problem . A medical emergency ? Is someone hurt ? Worse than that , I 'm afraid . People are disappearing . Dr. Kato went out to look for some food . We warned her not to go alone , but she wouldn 't listen . That rat didn 't crawl in there by itself . The vectors are back . What ? We haven 't had a vector attack in two days . Yeah . They 're using bait , setting traps now . They know food is scarce and people are desperate . How ? Viruses are not capable of complex thought . Speaking off the cuff , I think these vectors represent a new step in evolutionary virology . You make it sound like it 's a good thing . Far from it . This is an evolved virus That both changes the host and stays activate Until that host dies of other causes . It 's created a new kind of organism a viral collective . They were dangerous before . What chance do we have now that they have evolved ? ( vector shouts ) ( theme music playing ) Right now the vectors are hunting us one by one . Very soon , I believe they 'll stage a large-scale coordinated assault . They will have to wait in line . Ilaria ? I intercepted the message from headquarters on sutton 's phone . How many ? A strike team Of at least 100 mercenaries , well-armed . That 's not a strike team , it 's an army . How long do we have ? Six hours at most . They will storm the base , looking for the virus , And leave nothing behind . But we don 't even have the virus . We destroyed it back at echelon . ( sighs ) Mortal life means nothing to them . Oh , as opposed to those of you who can live forever ? I know this is difficult for someone With a finite number of years ... I don 't know what 's worse , That you can stand there lying to my face , Or that you actually believe what you 're saying . Did you get a headcount ? Uninfected personnel , about 20 , Plus five security techs . And we 're not exactly well-stocked with guns or ammunition . If we don 't act now , we risk full contamination . We need to gather those 20 survivors And place them under armed guard in the sun room . No air ducts . One point of access . It 's the only way to defend against a coordinated vector assault . That only solves one of our problems . How are we supposed to muster a defense against ilaria 's force ? Defense is not the plan . Hatake : I have placed explosives around the base . You have explosives ? To detonate unstable ice . His grand plan ? We draw ilaria mercenaries inside , Then set off the charges , implode the entire base on top of them . But what about my team ? What about the other uninfected scientists ? The vectors ? Gather the uninfected , as you suggested . As for the vectors , we are out of options . And you still haven 't answered my question . What about the rest of us ? Daniel : We 'll have to evacuate the base . No . There is a hidden bunker underneath the base , Reinforced for earthquakes . We will be safe there . Daniel : What bunker ? We lost three people just this morning Drs. Kato , wenk , and singer . Vectors are in the ducts , they 're in the elevator shafts everywhere ! Listen . The only way A vector can get into this room is through that door . Peter came in through that very same door . Not with armed security posted he didn 't . Isn 't it the " arm " of security that got him inside in the first place ? Philippe , philippe , listen to me . All right ... I think we got a message out calling for help . All right ? You 're the only other person who knows about this , So you help me hold it together here , And we may just get out of this alive . All right , alan . ( growling ) You 've entrusted me with the safety of this base . Why would you keep this bunker from me ? There are things I thought would never come to light . So you 're only telling me now because you have to . I should have told you . Even if we survive the blast , How do we dig ourselves out afterward ? There is an escape tunnel that leads directly to the surface . An escape tunnel ? For all the earthquakes , right ? Daniel , I ... I mean , miksa . The world is closing in on us . You mean on you . The vectors are hunting us from within , Ilaria from without . I cannot do this without you . ( monitor beeping steadily ) I 'm giving the highest-caliber weapons to my security team . The rest we can store in this bunker of yours , In case there are any mercenaries left when we reach the surface . Let 's hope it does not come to that . I remember when you first brought me here . Taught me how to load a weapon . I was five or six . Back then I used to think you were some kind of wizard . All children must learn their parents are fallible , not perfect . You made that part easy for me . You may loathe what I 've done , Or what you believe I 've done ... But you are still my son . Am I ? Your feelings for me do nothing to diminish mine for you . Alan , take a look at this . So , the double-stranded rna instructions Delivered to all my cells makes them express An all-purpose grappling hook . Which would attach to any invader . Right , marking that invader for destruction by my immune system . If we can isolate the genetic sequence Of instructions to express that protein on your cells ... We can insert those instructions , And reprogram the narvik virus to destroy itself . But we don 't have the narvik virus . We incinerated it at echelon . Oh , goddamn it , jules . It was my call all the way . This wasn 't your call to make ! I had a theory . A theory that could get us all killed , Not to mention the seven billion other people on the planet ! Do you have any idea what you 've done by bringing this back to the base ? I know better than anyone what this virus can do . I also know that it 's the only way we can help those seven billion people . How could you be so reckless ? You 're no better than hatake ! I guess I 'm my father 's daughter . Jules ... I know I 'm right about this . We can save everyone . We can get peter back . If I 'm wrong , I 'll March downstairs And incinerate every last drop . No . Not alone you won 't . Oh , my god . ( whimpering ) ( cutting ) The bunker will barely fit all of us . Bunker ? These are living quarters . How long has all this been here ? From the beginning . Designed to be the safest place on the base . Why ? Why did you build it ? Before I adopted you , There was another . Another son ? A daughter . She was not like you , not born on the ice . So ... You built this place for your daughter ? Her mother thought she would need a place to call home , To make her comfortable . I did what was necessary . To fool her ? To make her think that she was somewhere else ? To keep my family together . ( scoffs ) I thought I was your family . You are . What was doesn 't change what is . And where are they are , your wife and daughter ? Where did they go ? My daughter is here now . Julia walker . Walker ? So all of this , Everything that happened , Was all for her , to bring her back here ? The cdc , peter farragut ... All those people , infected , dying , dead ! It was all for her ? She is important . I need her . You don 't need anybody . We 're all just an experiment to you . Life is an experiment . ( scoffs ) You know what I 'm gonna do , father ? I 'm gonna walk this base , And I 'm gonna check every goddamn explosive charge , Because I personally want to make sure that this place gets blown to hell . ( indistinct speaking ) I did the computer models of the double-stranded rna proteins , But I can 't get it to work in vitro . Well , if you guys unhook me from this , I can help you . Yesterday , you were as good as dead , all right ? Let 's make sure you 're not going to regress before we ... But I feel great . Sarah , we have it covered . Do you ? Because computer models are really only most effective in controlled environments , And this situation is anything but controlled . Okay . What do you have in mind ? In a fair fight , narvik will mutate to repel anything we throw at it , right ? So , what we need is an unfair advantage . We have to trust that our treatment will work fast enough . No , wait , that 's it . There is no treatment that 's fast enough , So what we need to do is slow down the virus long enough for the cure to take effect . And we can do that by infusing it with cryo-fluid . Did you just come up with that ? Actually , when my feet hit the cold ground . Now , where are my clothes ? I want to get back to work . System voice : Fire hazard . ♪ the sun is out ♪ the sky is blue ♪ there 's not a cloud to spoil the view ♪ but it 's raining ♪ raining in my heart ♪ the weatherman says clear today ♪ he doesn 't know you 've gone away ♪ and it 's raining ♪ ( people screaming faintly ) We need to seal off the sun room And track down duchamp and the others . There is no more time . Julia : The vectors really did this ? The intelligence , the coordination ... Are we the only ones left ? I 've got four techs not infected , yet . This was their plan all along . The traps , the bait . The vectors wanted us to gather the uninfected in one place , And we gave them everything they wanted . We cannot afford to look back . We should commence the evac sequence immediately . No , no , there is still time . Our only hope is to retreat to the bunker and wait , Then eliminate both threats with one blast . So everyone else dies ? We have done all we can . No . We 've finally cracked the anti-viral , And until ilaria get here , we 're going to help Everyone we can , including vectors . You need to ask yourself , are they worth saving ? That 's an interesting question considering the source . The have murdered and maimed , stolen the lives of others . These are people , human beings ! Really ? Your brother paid me a visit yesterday . Only now do I understand why . It was a warning . He knew what they were going to do . I should have put peter down when I had the chance ! ( alan shouts ) Enough ! That 's enough ! In the last 11 days , I have been attacked , infected , left for dead , And crated like an animal ! Not to mention being transformed from the inside out . I 'm not gonna stand here and watch My father and my ex-husband behave like two schoolyard bullies . Your father ? What ... ( sighs ) The vectors are working together . If we can 't manage that , maybe we don 't deserve to survive . The infection is similar to rabies . Normally , we would treat it by coating the lymphatic tissue . With an oral vaccine , of course . Do you just expect them to line up and say , " ah " ? No . We do it old-school , bypass the mouth entirely By way of an intramuscular injection into the stomach . Abdominal absorption works slowly . Not if you 've bonded the right protein accelerants . It won 't be immediate , but it should work quickly . ( vector shrieking in duct ) It better . We know that extreme cold slows the virus , and likewise the vectors . Dr. Jordan had the idea of infusing the cure Into an ultra-low - temperature solution , Giving the anti-viral time to outperform the virus . ( rat squeaking ) And how do you plan to get close enough to inject the vectors ? We 've done it before . We 'll shut off the power , Chill the base down to below freezing . If we cut the main power supply , The perimeter alert system will go dark . We can 't be blind with ilaria a couple hours out . Then the cure must be administered one vector at a time . ( sighs ) It 's too bad we can 't just wheel these out and douse them all cryo-fluid . Maybe we can . It 's called arca , indonesian for " statue . " It 's a prototype to spread topical antidotes for chemical attacks . Arca can harness most compounds at any temperature . All you have to do is adjust the settings . I was not aware of this research . What lab did this come from ? No lab . It was just an idea I had . You created this ... Arca ? One man 's scraps ... What the base discarded , I repurposed . How did I not know ? You had more important things to do . So , who 's gonna do the honors ? Julia and I will go . When ilaria arrives , you must lead the survivors to the bunker , Then detonate the charges . ( faint yelling ) ( woman screaming ) ( vector roaring ) Julia : Now ! ( peter shrieking ) Please . I think it 's working . It is because of you that this is possible . Oh , no , this is not father-daughter bonding time . ( vectors shrieking ) I thought we were immune to attack . We are . But now they see one of their own in danger . ( vectors grunting ) ( vectors grunting ) Hey . Hey . We need to get these patients stabilized before we take them downstairs . I 've started grouping them according to condition . The most serious cases are gonna go down first . Great . You okay ? Sarah . Ah , it 's ... It 's just a headache . No , look at me . Follow my finger . ( sighs ) Alan , do you think this is a reoccurrence of my tumor ? No , I 've seen your scans , And your tumor appears to be in remission . But I am concerned . Don 't worry . We 'll figure this out together . Okay ? Okay . Hey . Shh , it 's okay . You don 't need to say anything . Why ... Because you need rest . Why me ? I don 't ... Deserve . You were there . I had the cure . Good timing , I guess . Peter 's resting . We need to talk . Okay . It 's about sarah . What about sarah ? She 's having recurring symptoms . Nausea , headaches . Do you think she 's relapsing ? I don 't know , but once we get down to the cabin , We won 't have access to the right equipment . ( alarm blaring ) System voice : Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . This is it . Ilaria is here . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Start getting people to the cabin now . Okay . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . The alarm was tripped a mile from the base entrance . Is that enough time to get everyone downstairs ? We can use firepower to buy us a little more time . I see something . Headlights . How many ? They are here . Wait until they get closer ! We don 't want to waste any ammo ! Steady . Steady . Almost there . Now hold . Hold ... And ... Why 'd they stop ? Perhaps they did not want to be heard . Daniel : I 'm not seeing anyone . My guess ... Is they 'll stick to the high ground Just north of the base , and coordinate an attack from there . We should make our way around , come at them from the south . Approach downwind from their position . Where 'd the drivers go ? There never was a driver . These are drones . This is ... This is all wrong . ( beeping ) no ! Get down ! Ah ! It was a diversion ! A diversion for what ? Alan : As soon as duchamp and his group get here , we 'll blow the base . My staff ... The scientists . Almost all here . You don 't understand . We must detonate . Now . He 's here . Who 's here ? What do you mean ? The strike team ? No . There is just one . That diversion was for one guy ? They call him ... The scythe . Hatake : He is ... Daniel : He 's what ? An assassin . The worst of us . ( door alarm buzzing ) Mon dieu . The call must have gone through . Are you with the army ? Come . We are going down with the others . Finally , a good day . We are being rescued and we have a cure for the virus . ( door buzzer buzzing ) ( door buzzes ) System voice : Level r . How long are we gonna wait ? As long as we have to . If they 're not down here by now , they 're not coming . ( sarah groaning ) Sarah . You okay ? Oh , this migraine , it 's killing me . It 's not a migraine . What 's wrong with me ? Daniel : We can 't wait any longer . Do it . ( beeping ) ( beeps ) ( beeps ) Amateurs . The narvik is gone . How ? Hiroshi has it . Find him . What about the others ? Exterminate . ( happy instrumental music )
