 Hey Guys Would you mind if I join you for a while ? It 's bloody freezing That 's Ok If you won 't be asking for bread I have never seen you there before Though it 's hardly anyone around to see We are from Biruzovoe On a business One can find a lot of goods there Yeah . Do you live there ? Me ? Yeah From now on - there It 's so silent around And peaceful What 's your name ? Hey hear And what you were doing before ? Oh guys Many things Studied Worked Achieved Phd Then became a professor Cool Professor then And you ? You are so young You should be studying somewhere What ? ! We are on holidays You Are you here to get iron ? I 'm Earlier I had a wife And kids Then couldn 't take anymore Kids are now a little older than you I think Yeah Life ain 't easy Have some food Thanks Well I should go My way is that way Good luck Professor Thanks guys Everything is fine now , fine Hey , professor ! Professor ! He 's gone Yeah Radio : It 's a very unusual and rare event , but we need not to worry Scientists say that asteroids of that size will entirely burn up in high atmosphere And for other news Wow , cigarette ends from last century ? Alexander , you have such an order there Stop it Vica , his car is rubbish Shut up and open a window leaf There are no window leafs in cars And in this one there is even no air conditioning I 'm shocked Maybe I will just wave on you ? We should have chosen the father 's car . There is air conditioning , there is ice fridge ... Shut up ! Ok I can do that Hey ! Let 's make a movie ! Work title - Picnic I , Anatoly Dubrovski , am a great director Please make no applause , I know I 'm a genious And now for cast Who 's first ? Alexandr ! Driving his Batmobile or agent 000 . What would you like to say , Alexandr ? Vica ! Please tell us why do you need Batman ? Next , Sergey You have burning eyes , Sergey You must be in love Please stop it , Anatoliy Olga ! Our beautiful Olga Stay away Away ? Away ! Away ! Away ... .... You broke my nail , asshole ! I 'm so sorry Olga You don 't need nails when camping , Olga If I will break another nail today , I will die I will die too And I 'm already dying Only 4km to Biruzovoe Look Maybe we can stop here ? Look at those trees What a wild nature ! No Uncle Vitya is waiting It 's better by his house and there is river And we are very close From civilization into the village of uncle Don 't get wild He is already wild What is it ? A factory ? Yep Abandoned Let 's have a look I agree , I want to move Yeah ! It 's a good place for a horror movie Guys are you kidding ? Let 's move forward ! And out we go Fresh air ! Watch your foot Yeah , ok . Quite nice Vica ? Where are you , Olga ? Why you are scaring me , Vica ? It 's not funny Is everything ok ? Let 's go Let 's walk inside What for ? ! Bloody archeologist Let 's better drive towards river River can wait . It 's interesting Alexander , can I sit by the wheel for a while ? We have water in our trunk . Get some rest We will be back shortly Please take this humble bouquet of flowers from me Sergey ! Come on ! Thanks I 'm coming So , what is it about you two ? Us two ? You and Sergey Nothing He has invited me to cinema And gave me a bouguet of flowers But I don 't think he is good enough for me Yeah Cool Nice place It 's going to be a great video It is so ruined ! Must have been abandoned for many years 20 at least More 30 at least Yeah ruined Clipboards , stones .. Let 's move on guys Enough Nonsense One can kill somebody here and nobody will notice Wait Wait , wait Yeah Cool Olga , look there is a cat ! Come here It 's dirty Alexandr Look Wow That 's interesting . Yeah . Honor and Fame to The Labour Must have been a place for soviet meetings . Red corner . I have amazing plans Really ? Mr. Vadik gave me a ring Are you still going out with him ? Not really Sometimes You are hopeless my friend Vica ! I don 't want to listen to this Look I will go that way Who 's going to pose me ? Sergey ! Try not to get lost Wow . Darkness ! Terrible Here . I have a torch . It 's good Don 't lose keys And be quick You are like his mother Maybe you will pose me ! Ok I will be the only hero in that movie That 's me I 'm such a nice guy I 'm the best . I 'm the director And that is my factory Ruins That 's sad What the ... Alexandr look ! What the hell is it ? What ? Am I catching a glitch ? I see nobody Why it 's taking them so long ! omg ! what is it ? shut windows ! Do you see anything ? Nope . You ? We should run No . I will stay We should call guys Count to three . One . Two . Three Alexandr ! Girls ! Run ! What is it ? The cat ! It was running ! Then it was flying and smashed on the hood in blood ! Flying cat ? Cool Alexandr We have to leave Sergey let 's go ! Sergey ! Where the hell is he ? Sergey ! Come on ! Cats ! AA ! Get lost Please stop it , Anatoliy Please don 't shout on me , Vica Sergey ! What I am doing here ? Where are you , Sergey ? Guys ? Who 's there ? Are you scaring me ? Bad idea I have nerves of steel Alexandr ? Is that you ? Anatoliy ? Must be so funny to shoot me at the camera That 's weird though Come on Anatoliy I can see you Who is it ? Guys , come on Sergey ! No Sergey , No ! Let 's go Olga Let 's go ! Run ! Faster ! Table ! It 's of no use there is no locker Give me some stick ! Here It can 't be true I don 't want to die We all will die , just like Sergey There is no sense to run Olga , do you really think that we can make it to exit ? We don 't know how many of them there are And who are they What are they We should run towards car Damn What ? Keys ! Sergey has got them ! Great We are in trouble You know there are some cables , we can wire them somehow ! We can run it with cables ! That will take too long No Calm down We should do something ! Ok , let 's try Let 's go , the car is not far I go first , then Vica Then Olga and Anatoliy you will go last Ok Olga ! Would you like to go last ? You can run fast Yeah , sure Silence ! Keep close distance Wait ! Wait ! Cool Wait here , I will take a look So many of them .. Back ! Go Back ! Run ! We can climb No , too high This way ! Alexandr ! there , there there , there We will have to stay here Alexandr Are they dinosaurs ? I don 't know I don 't know anything anymore Damn Damn Nice kind of relaxation Very nice Alexandr How far it is to your village ? Maybe we can run ? Or somebody will run for help Nonsense , these creatures are much faster I don 't like it to be here , I want to drink , I want to go home I want to go home ! We won 't make it alone Who will help us ? Who the hell will help us ? There is no signal in my phone Damn You will find a way I know you will He will definitely find a way ! Sure Make it quick , Rambo And we will wait Why the hell we are here at all ? ! Stop it It was your idea ! No it was your idea ! Do you hear ! ? Stop it ! Hello Hi Dear How are you ? Everything is OK ? Have you eaten ? Everything is fine Had a little headache but everything is fine now Yes Are you waiting for me ? Of course ! Hello ? I 'm with Vladimir Don 't you worry I will be back soon Don 't forget to visit my mother , You have promised Sure Alexey , Hello ? Hello ? Hello ? Can 't hear you Are you worried ? How is she ? Everything is fine , but no signal for some reason When my wife was first time pregnant I was also very worried Women give births and Men drink tranqulizers ! That 's how is it Everything will be fine I 'm worried about another thing though Do you see anything strange ? What ? We are driving for 30 mins already and I have not seen a single car In that time of a day There are no holidays Weird Vladimir why we are doing this ? We have finished our tasks . Time to go home But no , we are driving again into the middle of nowhere You don 't want a premium ? Good , I will take it instead I don 't think so Watch out now Here is the turn Soon you will get familiar here That 's the last turn and we are on place Not a single car you say ? There is one Yeah , there we go That would be good if they are on drugs Don 't want to run Let 's have a look Yeah Interesting Bloody idiots , Look what they have done to the cat ! Alexey Report to the office And I will inspect the car meanwhile I 'm 205 , Come in Talk to me , I 'm 205 What the hell Talk to me No signal ! We are too far To many interferences , maybe this building deflects the signal Office , talk to me , I 'm 205 Ok , Let 's go and check Take a torch Alexey , give me some light there Wow Who would do that ? No No Please don 't shoot me Freeze ! No No Brother No Don 't shoot me No You did this ? What ? No What are you talking about ? Is it your car outside ? No not mine , No No Is there anybody else with you ? No Do you know whom belongs that dead body ? No No There are some creatures , they ate professor Brother no No Brother No Call ambulance ! Call ambulance ! Ok let 's go . You are under arrest Brother ! Where you are taking me ? I will not go ! Brother brother no no Can you walk ? there , there there , there They ! Freeze or I will have to shoot No Alexey No Did you hear that ? Somebody is shooting Yes I heard that There is somebody else . We should find them Olga wake up Silence , Silence ! Come here Stay back Close it ! Damn I have got a napkin Damn there , there I don 't feel it I can 't feel it Hold on there , there hold on It 's so cold Pain ? No They can 't see us Let 's go on the staircase Noooo Silence ! No please help me Anatoliy Anatoliy ! Help ! No I don 't want to die Anatoliy ! Don 't leave me ! No Damn Can you walk ? Yes , but slow Let 's get a hell out of here We need to search for another exit Look ! There is a door ! Vica please help me No With legs first Come on , I will give you a hand Are you Ok ? Wait What is it ? Alive ! I didn 't expect to find somebody else Wait Alexander has got a lot of pain in his leg Can 't stay here We need to rest Come on ! Hold on Wait Hold on We can go through there Help me Hold on Come on , hold on Wait Let 's look on it Need a tough bandage Can you walk ? I think so Good How long you have been here ? I don 't know 6 hours Maybe more It was you who was shooting ? Yes Was there anybody else with you ? My brother Anatoliy And my friend Olga , they went towards exit There were those creatures , they ate Sergey Yes We have seen his body We ? So you are not alone ? I was with my partner And where is your partner ? Sergey was eaten by one of those creatures We have seen it But could not help Damn , where they came from ? ! Yeah I have never seen anything like that too We have also Have seen another couple over here Brothers . Do you know them ? No there were 5 of us Have you seen Olga and Anatoliy ? I have seen a girl I 'm sorry but she is .. there , there What 's your name ? Calm down Vica , there , there I don 't want to .. And Anatoliy ? I have not seen Anatoliy This means he 's alive Bloody creatures ! With my own eyes I have seen how they tore my partner into pieces Anatoliy went towards our car He will wait for us . Let 's go Can you walk ? Ok Let 's go Hey ! Can anyone hear me ? Hello ! Answer me ! Damn ! There should be something ! Come on Damn ! How many of you there are .. Come on ! Take that ! Eat that bastard ! There is more ! Come on ! Who 's next ? Come on ! Sheit Run ! I will hold him Damn The gun ! I will take it You can 't do that , I 'm faster Come on ! Take my hand Wait Look there is no car Anatoliy left already No He couldn 't The police car is too far They are everywhere Let 's go from the other side Hold on a bit more Look there is our car . Anatoliy is in it ! Take my hand Come on ! I should find Anatoliy We should drive into town I will not leave my brother ! Even if he is somewhere inside the factory , we will not be able to help him We should drive into town I can 't leave unless I 'm sure Ok I will go with you No , you stay here . I will come back shortly What a smell .. Anatoliy ? Anatoliy ! That 's for my brother , Bastard Run ! Alexandr ! No Alexandr No Run ! No Alexandr No Ok Come on Good Good Come on , come on Good Ok What do I need to do ? Yes Let 's go No It can 't be The End
