 Previously , on Continuum ... Two of me . Two of her ? Yeah . If I had a disease , by catching it while it 's still treatable , Halo will monitor you on every level . I am not of this time . You 're gonna want to fit in . I 've had my representatives tend you an offer for Sadtech Incorporated and all intellectual property , including your exclusive services . No , no ! NO ! Shit . It 's ok , it 's ok . It 's ok . Are you ok ? They 're blue , like little jewels . They came loose off the string . The necklace is worthless . My daughter , she just ... Keep going . Try to remember . She just had to gather them up . Kept them by the windowsill for hours . Right by the windowsill . It 's the middle of the night , why is it so bright out ? You can see every point of light from every window . The towers should be dark , you can 't even see the stars . Why would the towers be dark ? Because ... because ... ribbons of dark , slashed a starlit sky ... something ... something we defy . Because it 's dangerous . Towers are dark ... It 's working . That 's it . That 's it ! That 's it ! Hey , no , no ! It 's good , it 's good but just watch the merchandise . That 's contents under pressure here . It 's stable . The yields have been off , imperfect , every single one of them ! Like a dirty ice cube . But then I was thinking , there 's an element to this that 's bio-organic . Well , you had me at " ice cube " . I 'm gonna go get us a couple sodas . You want one ? Cloned . It needed to be cloned , not made . You clone the organic part of the liquid chip down to the very last detail and the DNA integrates with the nano-circuitry . It 's amazing ! Well , yeah . It 's revolutionary ! That , too . It 's ... Something you created in 2028 . I 'll have a yield of forty ready by the morning . We 'll put them in the new test units . Ok . I want to be first . What ? Halo , I want to test it . Can I be first ? Dad ? You little shit . So there 's dental ? Of course there 's dental . What kind of a police force do you think I 'm running , here ? Well , you haven 't seen my teeth . Stats say crime with a cyber-bend is up 28 percent this year . That trend line is only going up . We need to get this division into the 21st century fast . I can definitely help you with that . Some enthusiastic , youthful hijinx here , Ms. Robertson , I 'm gonna have to smooth some of this to get you cleared . I am strictly white hat . I mean , I like to poke around systems , but I clean up my campsite . So no more surprises to come ? No , sir . Boss . Hey , you wanted to see me ? Yes , Detective Carlos Fonnegra , this is Betty Robertson . She is going to be joining our little crew here . She knows her way around the cyber . Thank god , it 'll be good to have you . Come see me when you 're settled , there 's a couple things I could use your help with . Ok . Welcome to the family . So dental 's not the only perk . Cameron ? I haven 't been sleeping . I know in my bones we 're not doing everything we can to nail Liber8 . Sir , you 've got half of a division on it , plus Piron resources . It 's clear that they 've become stronger , smarter . They 've stepped up their PR war , we 've made some unforced errors . I did something terrible . I pushed my daughter out there as bait . Christine 's arrest . We cooked it up together . She was trying to impress me , I knew it and I let her do it . Betty told me something was up . Liber8 can 't resist the symbolism . A VPD inspector 's daughter . She was released last week and I can 't get to her . What would you like me to do ? You seem to know these people better than any of us . You anticipate them . Just get Christine clear , please . I don 't care how you do it . Yes , sir . Cameron . No more Bettys . No more Bettys . No , I would NOT like to leave a message for Mr. Sadler . And I do not want to talk to the Piron VPD liaison . I 'll tell you what . You tell that little shit that he better call me back or I 'm gonna come down there and ring his neck . Are you ok ? Yeah , fine . What 's this ? I 've been going over Liber8 's recent moves . They 've been laser focussed , targeting all of the companies that make up the GCC . Global Corporate Congress . Yeah , I know . Some of the players aren 't around yet , won 't be around for decades . But Sonmanto , Fermitas . Look at the list . Yes , yes and yes . It fits , you 're right . What else ? That leaves only a few corporations who have yet to feel Liber8 's boot on their neck . Skip to G. Gautuma ? Yes , a pharmaceutical company . It 's small for now , but Gautuma is going to grow exponentially . They pioneer nano-medicine . They create self-evolving antibiotics that adapt to new strains of diseases . Yeah , and the cure to the common cold I 'm sure . Yeah . They upend the industry . Within three decades they swallow every competitor . So they become a monopoly ? And they 're not shy about using the power . Sonya Valentine , and any doctor , would have a lot to say about these guys . I wouldn 't be surprised if Liber8 was casing them already . Certainly worth a friendly visit . Hey , how 's that houseguest , by the way ? He still sleeping on the couch ? What 's that supposed to mean ? I 'm sorry , detectives , but I simply don 't see the logic . If Liber8 wants to take down big Pharma , that 's not us . We are the poor relations at best . Try Pfizer , Merc , Glaxo . Anybody else , really . We have reason to believe Liber8 may have an interest in Gautuma . Based on what ? It may be personal . I highly doubt that . Liber8 doesn 't always come in with a battering ramp at the front door . It might help if we knew a bit of your development slate . What are you working on that might be of interest to a terrorist group ? Or our competitors ? Think of this as a free threat assessment . Why don 't we do a tour ? Why are you contacting us ? You 're there to observe and wait . I know . You 're barely in place a week , you haven 't found a log in the data we 've tasked you to ... VPD . Say again ? Detective Fonnegra and the other one , Cameron , they 're here . Ok , stay out of sight , wait for instructions . Sonya . Yeah . Dillon 's kid , the one we just placed in Gautuma , says the Protector just showed up . It has to be a coincidence . We 're just gathering intel . Ok , well either Cameron 's getting better or we 're slipping . Labs and testing are here , manufacturing is off site . We 've reviewed security twice in the last year , we 're hyper vigilant with our supply chain . We saw contractors a few minutes ago . Where were they going ? Fifth floor . We 're expanding our marketing division . More money into marketing , truly impressive security , a general air of increased activity , you can feel it . And if you don 't mind me saying so , you seem a bit anxious . Anxious is completely the wrong word . The truth is we 're entering on testing something big . A game changer . Next little blue pill ? Much more important . One of the worst things in life is watching our parents fade . It 's cruel , inhuman . We 're on the cusp of making that obsolete . Alzheimer 's . Dementia . We 're heading into trials and it looks very good . Why would Liber8 want to stand in the way of that ? You have eight messages . How many messages from Carlos Fonnegra ? You have eight messages from Carlos ... Delete . Alec ? There 's something you need to see . Do you know what this is ? Yes , and you have to go . Jason , come on in . Morning , Alec . Good morning . How are you feeling , Jason ? Great . Crystal clear . It 's like a fog lifted . Holy shit . It 's the chip ... it integrates better than we 'd ever dreamed ! I don 't know why this works . I always figured it for a wiring issue , myself . If you 're gonna make a time omelette , you gotta scramble a few eggs . Wait , that sounds like something you would say . Well , it doesn 't fix your sense of humor . This is incredible ! Do you know what this means ? It means Halo is headed in the right direction . It 's a shame we can 't tell that story . Why can 't we ? Well , if we tell people how Halo helped me , it 's bound to raise a few questions . Questions nobody really wants answered . Never mind . It 's a bright spot , and one we really need . Launch plans , manufacturing facilities , approvals , they 're all behind severely . What 's holding everything up ? You have to get to that meeting , and no , you cannot reschedule . Gautuma 's not ready to go public with a drug trial so I did some digging around to see if there 's any insider information getting leaked out . Checked security filings , guess who popped up buying large swaths of Gautuma stock ? Mathew Kellogg . Bingo . Think he knows something ? Mathew always knows something . It 's figuring out whether you can trust what he knows . That 's the difficult part . I 'll be back . Want me to tag along ? No , Mathew 's better when he thinks he 's charming me . I should go ... That 's Christine Dillon . I 've vetted some of the recent hires at Gautuma . Well , who 's May Policetto ? She was born in 2056 . She died a Liber8 martyr six months before the attack on the corporate congress . So Dillon 's daughter taking that name is not a coincidence . No . Liber8 got her a custodial job at Gautuma . What the hell is he thinking , putting his own daughter in undercover ? That 's insane ! And it worked . Ok , we put surveillance on Gautuma . We sit on them , wait for them to make the move , catch them in the act or we follow them back to their hole . But none of that is possible if we warn her . For all we know , Liber8 has low level people in half of the corporations in this city . Yeah , you may be right . But this is the only one we know about for sure . Plus , it may be a chance to get one back for Betty . It 's a big risk . Yeah , hell yeah it 's a big risk . But Dillon 's been putting this department at risk for months . He never talked to us when he wanted to change the rules , and he 's the one that put this in motion . If this was anybody else 's kid , do you think he 'd blow the best lead we had in months ? No . I don 't like secrets , Carlos . This one I need to think through . Ok . I need to take this . Track down Kellogg , huh ? Start talking , Mr. Sadler . You 've got it all wrong . Really ? So you 're not a body-snatching little ghoul ? You know , I oughta take your head and bounce it off the ... I 'm sorry . I wanted to do something . You 're the one who said it was too much for you to handle . Where is she ? Safe . Obviously , any normal service is out of the question . We 'll say a proper goodbye , I 'm planning it now . When ? Just leave it with me , ok ? I 'll be in touch . Alec Sadler ? Come in . Is this the principal 's office ? Congratulations on Piron , young Mr. Sadler . You 've shaken things up . I 've heard about things like this . Are we gonna talk about overthrowing governments ? Fixing the price of oil ? We 'd like to talk about you . You need to ... what 's that expression my grandson likes ? Slow your roll . Oh , hey . The salmon here is amazing . Can you believe they actually catch it in the wild ? Why are you buying up so much Gautuma stock ? Oh . So this is how its gonna be with us now ? I small talk , you go right to business ? Ok , that hurts . Well , they 're undervalued for one . You and I both know by how much . I don 't know , maybe I 'm making a long play . And maybe your friends are about to try something . Yeah , because Liber8 really wants to increase my stock 's value . You usually have a better working theory than this . Gautuma is starting drug trials . Alzheimer 's drug , I know . Sounds like a sure thing to me . Or a familiar thing , anyway . Flash , Kellogg , was originally an Alzheimer 's drug . Oh yeah , it was , wasn 't it ? But the good folk from the VPD took Flash off the street . I seem to remember it was a big win . I 've finished my coffee . It was good to see you . Yeah , Kellogg was no help , except he thinks the drug might be something that we 've seen before . Pull all the files on flash . I have to go . Don 't . You can 't do that . Why not ? Because it will trigger a response . If you power it up , they might know it 's not from this time and then they will find you . Who are they ? It 's a long story . Suffice it to say , they 're dangerous . So what good is this , then ? I have a wife and a child and I don 't even know their names . How is that of any use to me ? I was trained and I was sent here to do something , but all I remember is this . This sentimental bullshit ! Hey ! Hey . We 're gonna figure this out . You know who I am ? Yes , of course . I 'm doing what I was told , I 'm going to work . Relax , if I was gonna hurt you , you would have never seen me coming . Get in . Maybe that sentimental bullshit is your way back . They 're close to the bone so you remember family first . My son , Sam , he won 't be born for 60 years but ugh , how I clung to him . The memories of him when I first came here . They got me through . Yeah , but what good are memories of someone who isn 't even real ? Might never be real ? If they haven 't been born yet , we haven 't had the chance to leave them . Neither of us . Wow , that is a strange way to parse it . We suffer for our children , we fear we are putting them in harm 's way every day . And sometimes we can 't help it . I used to think being here was putting Sam in danger , but maybe I 'm protecting him somehow . Maybe Dillon was right . Who 's Dillon ? My boss . Sorry , I 've got a lot on my mind . Well , I 'll trade you . Scratchy images playing in my head do me no good at all . Is there something in your cuff ? It 's a key . Does that mean anything to you ? Not a thing . Well , I 've seen it before . Where ? It 's the key to a safety deposit box . What 's that ? Footage from the Bergenzer Bank , a few weeks before the robbery . What are you up to ? Houseguest homework . Did you pull the files on Flash ? Yeah , there 's been no new busts or incidents in more than a year . The supply has basically dried up . Maybe Kellogg was yanking your chain . The only way to find out is to get a sample of Gautuma 's Alzheimer 's drug . Just walk through this with me for a second . Let 's just say that this big breakthrough is indeed Flash . What 's Liber8 's play ? They 're the ones that put it on the street in the first place . Why would they want to make Gautuma rich ? I don 't know . The car they had sitting on Gautuma said that May Policetta was a no-show at work this morning . So the combined message was that I 'm rocking the boat and I needed to just slow down . Really ? The nerve . It 's like getting a wedgie from the Fortune 500 . We 're barely over the technology hump with Halo now they are saying they 'll sink us with over sea suppliers and regulators and labour , if we don 't ... Ok , shhhh . Leave the star chamber crowd to me . But I need you to do something . What ? If Halo is gonna be what you want it to be , it 's gotta be more than a product . It 's gotta be a social movement . It needs to align with people 's values in a completely new and revolutionary way . Well , it 's too bad I don 't know any rappers or rock stars . Oh , kid . I 'm sure you do . You gonna drop more cryptic hints about my destiny ? I just wanted to see you . Mmm . You brought a friend . Inspector Dillon 's daughter . Nice . And here I thought I was living on the edge . It seems that no matter how hard I try to change things , the very corporations we target find a way to turn it to their advantage . I didn 't think it would be like this . I thought there would be more outrage . You feel impotent . You think what you do doesn 't matter , Sonya . You 're right . I think what they need is a leader . Can I show you something ? I 've been waking up early . I put in two , three hours every day before the sun 's up . Julien , you here ? Stay down here . I just want to talk . It 's not that I don 't appreciate the pro-active attention , Detective . But our trials will be following standard procedures . There 's nothing sinister or unusual about any of it . Well , we still may have reason to believe that Liber8 is interested in your company . One more question . Something that made me curious in our last visit ... when you were talking about Alzheimer 's , who was it ? My mother . I 'm sorry , that 's tough . Detective , where 's your partner ? Did you get lost ? Something like that . Nice stalling . Thanks . Have them put a rush on this analysis . Good . You 're out of your mind . What Samantha did to you was pure character assassination . I 've got guys like that on my back , too . It doesn 't have to be that way . Look , your Halo thing sounds like a pipe dream . It 's not , I promise you . It 's already doing things that I thought were impossible . Can your conscience wrap itself around a corporation that 's trying to do good ? 'Cause I swear that 's what I 'm trying to do . No , I see why it 's good for you . I don 't see why it 's good for me . Vice President , social responsibility . You write your ticket . Charity projects , international development , brand ambassador ? You 're a pulpit , Julian , and I 'm gonna pay for it . Stop talking change and start making it . What 's this ? A taste . Having a corporation working for you can be very useful . It was good to see you . Well ? Well , it 's raw , and uh ... some of it 's pretty rough . But it 's Theseus . It 's me . I don 't appreciate the summons . I 'm in the middle of a case . I understand . But I have a couple of questions . So do I. The device I brought you from the Bergenzer Bank ? I need it . That 's not possible . That device is of unknown providence , it must remain in our facility . Fine . I 'll look at it here . I see . I guess we 're seeing the limits of our partnership . You have a visitor . How do you know him ? There was an incident , approximately 11 weeks ago , several unexplained temporal signatures . So it seems we both have something to investigate . I 'm going to get back to mine . My personal life is off limits . I promise you , you don 't want to do this . Oh , but I kinda do . Hello ? Hey , are we gonna do this or what ? I have a few more details to get into place . Tomorrow , for sure . Don 't jerk me around , Sadler . Tomorrow , I swear . Are there gonna be any questions about you being late ? It shouldn 't be a problem . My supervisor has a crush . I haven 't had to scrub a toilet yet . Ok , keep coming to work . Wait for instructions . In the meantime , pay attention for any mention of clinical trials . Be invisible , but see everything . Ok . You 're smart . Lucas briefed you on what to look for and you know you 're a coup for us . I know . I 'm hanging a lot on your daddy issues , kid . It 's more than that . My father used to talk about the public like protecting them was something sacred . And now ? He soured on us . All of us . You have no idea how dangerous your father is . One day soon there 'll be hundreds like him . They 'll be perfectly insulated , utterly protected . Right now he 's just one man drunk on power and darkness . He was always there . Liber8 just revealed who he really is . If you betray us , I will slit your pretty throat myself . Now get to work . It 's at the lab now ? They promised the results ASAP . If it comes back as Flash or a derivative , we just have to decide if we move on Gautuma right away , or wait and see what Liber8 does . We wait . Liber8 's the target . We 've got a solid lead . Flash was on the street for weeks . Anyone could have acquired a sample and analyzed it . There is no evidence they 're linked with Liber8 . Actually , there is . Your daughter . What about her ? She 's embedded at Gautuma . It appears Liber8 placed her there . They will make a move sooner or later . What if pulling her out tips them off ? It won 't . We 'll stash her in a safe house . As long as there 's no contact with you , Liber8 will assume she ran . No . We wait and see what Liber8 does . Of course I wish Christine wasn 't in the middle of it , but we are too far down that road now . No , we are not . She 's not trained , she shouldn 't be in that position . Are you questioning my orders , Cameron ? We are way outside issues of operational authority here . That takedown , if it happens , will happen quietly . I want Gautuma kept out of it . Oh , come on . This ... If their drug trial works , it will help tens of millions of people . By repurposing a street drug that comes straight from Liber8 . If that association gets out , it will destroy the company . We are not here to do Liber8 's job for them . You keep me up to speed on anything you hear about my daughter , but she stays in play . Understood ? Close the door on your way out . What 'd you expect ? Better . I expected better . I got your call . It wasn 't that kind of call . Oh , relax . Please tell me you have an opener . I was going to bring one but I figured that you might ... Mathew . Well , I guess I better sell that Gautuma stock . Can you get that to them ? Are you sure about this ? You 're declaring war . Liber8 already did , and that 's why this is going to work . Uh ... hello . Hello . As soon as I have confirmation , I will upload it to a secure server . The IP address is there . Thanks for stopping by , Mathew . Sure , sure . Um ... You owe me one . I 'll manage . Goodnight . Goodnight . Was that Mathew Kellogg ? Yes . I have this vague memory that he 's a big deal . How big ? Bigger than Alec Sadler ? Who 's Alec Sadler ? Just reading about your war in Sonmanto . Congrats on the coverage , by the way . Yeah , well if you want me to keep going I have some demands . Requests ? Sure , I 'm listening . That 's good to hear . Hey , Carlos . It 's Flash , 100 percent . It 's even a match for the impurities from one of the batches that we logged last year . Ok , thanks . Are you sure about this ? Carlos , that drug looks like a miracle cure right now , but the cost of addiction and destroyed lives ? It 's not worth the future arriving faster than it should . Ok . Do it . Christine . Get in the car . Those Sonmanto headlines ? Yeah , that was us . You should also watch that space for some truly amazing news about Gautuma . And right behind them is anybody else who wants to try to take on Piron . Hey , would you do me a favour ? Would you pass that on to the other old , fat , white guys ? We will burn you down . I lost a bet with Lucas because of you . So the protector delivered . She did . Gautuma is going to have a terrible quarter . You , like , totally owe me . What the hell is going on ? I have had half a dozen panicked phone calls from Gautuma . Their stock price is imploding . All on rumours . Not just rumors . I don 't know what the hell you think you 're doing , Cameron , but I 'm ... Dad ? Christine . I did what you asked me to . And you brought her back here . Where everyone could see . Yeah . I guess she 's not much good as bait anymore . No more Bettys , sir . It 's really good to see you . Sorry it got cut short . I don 't care about that . I am just glad you 're safe . I wanted to get you something useful . Some intel , anything . I 'm sorry I let you down . That 's not possible . Kiera , are you there ? It 's been a while . Yeah , listen . I need to see you . Are you coming to the send-off ? What send-off ? Carlos didn 't tell you ? It 's like a service for other you . I 'll see you there . Is there somewhere we need to be ? Yeah . Where 's the suit ? She didn 't know me like that . What is this place ? It was Escher 's anti-matter lab . You 've been here before ? Right , another time line . When the other Alec came through here , the machinery was heavily damaged . I 've been working overtime to get it up to speed . Alec ? The complete device allows for modulation . To choose where you go in time . But with these pieces , and this lab , there 's enough to do something else . Ok , I 'll need you both over here . You want to say something ? You first . Ok , Kiera . It 's hard to say goodbye . So long , partner . I 'm really happy you 're still here . I can open the portal , but I can 't set a destination . It 'll annihilate her atoms . Cast them through time , she will be everywhere and every-when . A Viking funeral . That 's ok , right ? She 'd like that . Thanks . Yeah , don 't mention it . Carlos , give us a minute ? Yeah , sure . You think I don 't know ? What ? You du . You removed the CMR . This whole thing , were you just trying to cover up what you did ? Because the Alec Sadler I know , the one I met two years ago , he would have never crossed that line . And you wouldn 't've played on Carlos 's grief to get rid of the evidence . The Alec that you met two years ago is dead . Or locked away somewhere . She wasn 't using it , and technically I did invent it . Or I will . I came because you called me . Because Alec Sadler , my friend , said he had something to tell me . So spit it out , whatever it is so that I can get away from you . I can 't even stand to look at you right now . It was nothing . Goodbye , Alec . Maybe this isn 't a good idea . Time is the one thing I 'm sure I don 't have . I can 't do it anymore , I have to know . Go ahead . I will be right here when you um ... get back . I 'm here . I 'm right here . What did ... what did you see ? My name . My name is Brad Duncan . I 'm a field commander in the Cowichan River militia . My wife is Melinda . My daughter is Elenia . And I know why I came back . It 's a one-way trip . It doesn 't have to be . Your dream , to get back to Sam or whatever you tell yourself , is a lie . It is a lie . No , no . No , that is not true . They 're dead ! They 're dead . My wife ... my ... my baby . I watched them die . It was the first time in my life that I felt happy . I felt happy . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . I know why I left . I volunteered .
