 Britain is in the middle of a health revolution . We 're spending three hundred million pounds a year on pills , that some believe to be an amazing natural way to prevent , or even cure , some of our most deadly diseases . And every day , millions of people take vitamin supplements , convinced of their power to keep them healthy . If you want to lead a long and healthy life , eat right and take supplements . But there is a growing anxiety from scientists that our habit of taking large doses of some vitamins could have very different consequences . For most people there 's absolutely no benefit in taking high dose vitamin supplements . At best , they 're a waste of money and at worst , they could seriously affect your health . Tonight Horizon examines the vitamin revolution , and investigates the facts about the nation 's favourite vitamins . Do they work ? And are they safe ? Maddie Walford is thirty-three and leads an active life . She eats well , and exercises regularly . And to make sure she stays healthy she 's convinced that she needs to take three special pills every day . I 'm definitely a pill-popper . There have been so many jokes going on about , sort of , me in the office , because I line up my vitamin jars every morning and take all the pills . There have been jokes about me rattling when I walk . Some of my family members just think I 'm a complete maniac . Dina West teaches foreign language students in London . How many syllables in this word ? She has a hectic schedule . So it 's bungalow . Bungalow . Bungalow . Bungalow Perfect , ok well done . She too is convinced that to feel good and stay healthy she needs extra vitamin pills . I take a variety of vitamins , a cocktail of vitamins , probably about eleven a day . I have taken them over a period of twenty-five or more years . And then there 's Carol , she 's fit and healthy and loves hill walking and climbing . And every morning she takes three vitamin tablets . On a daily basis , I take vitamin C and vitamin E , and I take a general sort of multi-vitamin . She even carries some around with her in her handbag in case of emergencies . And all of them have bought in to the same idea that vitamins are a simple , and above all natural , way to stay fit and healthy . Like millions of people in Britain , they believe vitamin supplements are crucial to a happy and vigorous future . I hope my vitamins will protect me from any form of cancer . Premature ageing . Keep my eyesight , hearing , all my faculties intact as well . But do vitamins really have such remarkable powers ? Vitamins are nothing more than chemicals that occur naturally in food . Our bodies cannot produce them themselves , and nearly a century ago scientists discovered just how vital they were for our health . Vitamins are essential for a healthy body , we can 't exist without them . They found that a whole host of diseases weren 't caused by infections from viruses or bacteria , but simply by the lack of these vitamins . It 's very rewarding when a person comes in with a medical condition , or clinical condition , and we can identify that as a vitamin deficiency , treat them with vitamins and see them get better . Just by making sure people ate the right vitamins , a whole string of what became known as deficiency diseases could be eradicated . Vitamin A , found in dairy products , liver and fish , prevents blindness and growth deformities . Vitamin C , from oranges and other citrus fruit , has all but ended scurvy . And vitamin D , found in fish , means children need no longer grow up with rickets . Scientists have found our food contained a cheap and simple way to end the suffering of millions of people around the world . The discovery of vitamins was a landmark in modern medicine , it was the first example where we learned that diseases may be caused not just by infectious agents but by the simple absence of a single substance from our diet , a vitamin . That a vitamin deficiency could be the cause of disease and death . Today , most of us take for granted a life free from the diseases caused by vitamin deficiency . Doctors now believe that a balanced diet , with a mix of fruits , vegetables , grains and fats , can give you the tiny amounts of vitamins needed to keep you in good health , they have called it the recommended daily allowance . Only in special cases , such as pregnancy , do doctors normally recommend taking higher doses of vitamins . There are times when extra vitamin supplements are useful , for example , folic acid is important in preventing birth defects in babies , so it 's very important for women considering pregnancy to take a folic acid supplement , before they 're pregnant , and for the first twelve weeks of pregnancy . But forty years ago , someone came along who would transform the world 's perception of vitamins . Someone so powerful that he would take them out of the hospital and the doctor 's practice and into millions of homes and high streets . Linus Pauling was a scientific superstar . For example if we consider a helium atom with the nuclear atom . As Albert Einstein remarked , Linus Pauling was a genius . He was so brilliant that he is the only man to win two individual Nobel Prizes , once for chemistry and once for peace . Two Nobel Prizes gave him astonishing scientific credibility . In addition to being an incredible genius , he was also a very charming and charismatic man . Though he died ten years ago , his work on the structure of molecules is still the basis of modern science . Until Pauling came along to revolutionise chemistry , the nature of the bond that held atoms and molecules together really was not well known . And Pauling provided this foundation for modern chemistry . It seemed he could go effortlessly from one area of science to another . He had an encyclopaedic knowledge of chemistry , physics , biology , medicine . As a chemist , I have a background of knowledge that permits me to appreciate the new ideas , but I also like very much having new ideas myself . And in the late 1960s , the great man had a huge idea . Pauling became convinced that vitamins could not only prevent deficiency diseases , they could do something far , far bigger . He believed they had the power to prevent diseases that had nothing to do with deficiency at all , diseases which threatened every one of us , like cancer . Heart disease . They could even delay ageing . The key , according to Pauling , was to take them in huge doses . It was a very revolutionary idea because at the time most conventional scientists and nutritionists were interested in vitamins with respect to their associated deficiency diseases , and not achieving optimal health by increasing the intake of vitamins . When Pauling took his message to the world , the public loved it . It was after all the 60s , and vitamins seemed to offer a safe , easy remedy to the illnesses we most feel . You didn 't always need big pharmaceutical companies and drugs , you just needed nature 's remedy in pill form . The message was simple . If the amount of vitamin C required to stave off scurvy was ten milligrams , and could be found in a slice of orange , then thousands of times more , the equivalent of over one hundred oranges , and more than two hundred and fifty times the recommended daily allowance was even better . Because that could prevent you from catching the most irritating of diseases , the common cold . The proper intake of vitamin C helps keep one from catching colds . To this claim , Pauling 's claim that huge doses of vitamin C can prevent you catching a cold is popularly believed to be scientific truth . It helps ward off colds . Helps you to prevent colds . Prevents colds and flu , that 's what I take it for . A Nobel Prize winner says that it cures the common cold . Pauling 's belief in taking large doses of vitamins has inspired a whole new breed of health advisors . Patrick Holford is one of the most popular and well known . He is the author of more than twenty books , promoting the use of supplements for good health . This is vitamin A , it 's great for your skin . He has founded an institute for optimum nutrition . This is vitamin B , it 's good for energy and it helps to keep your mood even . He believes that optimum health comes from physical activity , a good state of mind , and a nutritious diet . All topped up with large daily doses of vitamins . I believe that taking vitamin supplements , not only adds years to your life , but also adds life to your years . Between them , Pauling and the nutritionists , have helped spawn a vast industry . In supermarkets , health food shops and chemists , you can buy vitamin supplements . All marketed as a safe , natural way to help you stay feeling good , looking beautiful , and being healthy . In Britain alone , we spend three hundred million pounds a year on these pills . Carol Reed is a typical customer . She buys some of the twenty million pounds worth of vitamin C tablets that are sold every year . It is far and away the most popular vitamin , and she takes five hundred milligrams a day , nearly nine times the recommended daily allowance . And all because she has complete faith in the theory of Linus Pauling . I take vitamin C because I believe it actually builds my immune system to the extent that I can fight off the common cold . But does vitamin C really prevent the common cold as Linus Pauling believed ? What is the actual scientific evidence ? On America 's west coast is Oregon State University . It is home to the Linus Pauling Institute , which was founded to continue his research in to vitamins . I think Linus Pauling was one of the first to really understand the role of vitamins above and beyond preventing deficiency disease . And he called that orthomolecular medicine , so the right molecule at the right concentration , which can provide optimum health , and not just prevent deficiency disease . Professor Balz Frei is one of the world 's leading experts on vitamin C. He has studied the evidence from clinical trials involving thousands of volunteers from across the world , designed to investigate Pauling 's claim that large doses of vitamin C fights the common cold . And at first it seems that Pauling really was on to something . Vitamin C does have an effect on the common cold , once you 've already caught it . I think there is a role for vitamin C in shortening the duration of the symptoms of the common cold , by about twenty per cent . And ameliorating the symptoms , so you 're not as sick as without taking vitamin C supplements , and I think he was right with that . But then Professor Frei examined Pauling 's central claim , the idea that first sparked the vitamin revolution . The proper intake of vitamin C helps keep one from catching colds . And for this claim , that huge doses of vitamin C can prevent you catching colds in the first place , the results are very different . I 've looked at the evidence that vitamin C can prevent the common cold , but for the general population there is really no evidence from scientific studies that vitamin C can lower the incidence of the common cold , or prevent it in the first place . So taking vitamin C supplements is not going to help prevent the common cold . In other words , the director of the very institute set up to pursue Linus Pauling 's work , now believes that the great man was wrong . Taking large doses of vitamin C does not prevent you from catching the common cold . Of course , that won 't stop millions of people like Carol from taking it . The results of those trials are not going to influence the fact that I go out and buy vitamin C on a regular basis , and take vitamin C , because for me taking a vitamin C tablet will help my body , prevent my body catching a cold . And while Carol is unlikely to be doing herself any harm , the fact remains that the overwhelming body of scientific evidence says that for most people in Britain , taking high doses of vitamin C to prevent getting colds , is a waste of money . Of course , there are other reasons why people decide to take vitamin C supplements . It 's one of a special group of vitamins called antioxidants . Vitamins of such power , the believers ascribe to them properties that are truly remarkable . I believe they can protect your brain , your body , your arteries , and not only slow down the ageing process but keep you free of diseases , from heart disease , cancer , Alzheimer 's , all the tragedies of twenty first century living . These huge claims are all because of how antioxidants work on something in our body called free radicals . Free radicals are unstable molecules that exist in our cells . They attack other nearby molecules , stealing an electron and with it an atom to become stable again . When the attacked molecule loses that atom , it becomes a free radical itself , beginning a chain reaction . Normally the body can handle these free radicals , but if there are too many , cells can be damaged with devastating consequences . Free radical damage is associated with a number of diseases , like heart disease and cancer , and macular degeneration , but we also think that free radical damage to cells and tissues is a fundamental part of the ageing process itself , why we grow old . It 's in part due to the activity of free radicals . But antioxidants , in particular vitamins A , C and E , mop up the free radicals and stop them from attacking our cells . A simple demonstration , with nothing more than a piece of steak , can show just how good vitamin E is at preventing free radical damage , or oxidation . When you look at it in the grocery store it 's red and beautiful . That 's the vitamin E that 's protecting the meat from oxidation . What I 'm going to show you is what happens if you destroy the vitamin E. So we 're going to take this chemical and place it on the surface of the meat . That 's going to actually destroy vitamin E. Once the vitamin E is destroyed the cells in the meat are swamped by free radicals . Within just a few minutes the meat starts to turn brown and rancid , the cells have been fatally damaged . And the same thing would happen to your body if you didn 't have the protective effect of vitamin E. Many large studies have shown that people who eat a diet rich in antioxidants , found in foods such as fruits , vegetables , grains and fats , live longer , healthier lives . The studies that have been done in respect of food indicate that individuals with a good quality diet , with lots of anti-oxidant vitamins present have a decrease incidence of the major diseases . But some people think that the amount of antioxidant vitamins you can get , simple by eating a balanced diet , are not enough . They believe that you need to take much more , and that means popping high dose pills . Dina West is one of them , she takes a high dose vitamin E capsule every day , it contains forty times the recommended daily allowance . Vitamin E is an antioxidant , and it helps to fight the nasty free radicals , which are toxins . And I like that , I don 't want anything nasty racing around in my body thank you very much . And they help , they help me a lot . But recently there 's been a piece of research that suggests Dina could be missing any benefit from her vitamin E supplements . And it 's all because of how she takes them . She 's often in a rush , skips breakfast , and so swallows her pills with a glass of water on an empty stomach . The idea that Dina could be missing any potential benefit from vitamin E came from Maret Traber at the Linus Pauling Institute . Vitamin E is a fat soluble vitamin , that means it has to be eaten with some fat to be absorbed . So popping a pill just with water on an empty stomach like Dina does , might be almost no good at all . In an experiment Professor Traber gave volunteers a vitamin E pill and a glass of virtually fat free skimmed milk . She then analysed their blood to see just how much vitamin E had been absorbed . The results were striking . When the subjects took their vitamin E pill with a glass of milk , hardly any was absorbed . I think the implication of our study is that if you take a vitamin E pill , you 'd better take it with some food , you 'd better take it with some food that has fat in it , or you 're not doing yourself any good . In other words , if Professor Traber is right , then anyone who takes vitamin E without a fatty meal could be wasting their time . But there was something unusual about her experiment . Professor Traber used specially manufactured pills , she did not use a commercially available product . Horizon decided to investigate Professor Traber 's ideas further . Just how important was it to take a vitamin E pill with a fatty meal ? We commissioned King 's College London , one of the world 's leading research centres on vitamin E , to run the experiment . In charge was Professor Frank Kelly . The pills he would test had been bought in a high street chemist . Dina and four other volunteers agreed to take part in a ground-breaking study . Each volunteer was told to make sure they had an empty stomach , then they were given a vitamin E pill with three different drinks . Day 1 , a glass of water and no fat at all . Four days later , a glass of full fat milk . After another four days we upped the fat content again and gave them a milkshake containing over forty per cent fat . After each pill was taken , the volunteers returned every four hours to give a blood sample so we could see how much of the vitamin E they had absorbed . If Professor Traber 's theory was right , the volunteers should absorb very little of the vitamin E when the pill was taken with water , and they should absorb it very well when it was taken with the fatty milkshake . With the blood samples complete , Professor Kelly analysed the data . And after several weeks of nervous waiting , Dina returned to get the results . So , it 's time for the , the truth . Good . Here are the results . You were actually subject number 5 in the study . Ok . And you can see here that this is with water . Yes . This is with full fat milk , and this is with the milkshake . So , contrary to our expectations . Yes . You actually have absorbed as much with water as with either the other two diets . So , the water was as good for you as the milk and the milkshake , which as I say was a surprising result to us . Contrary to every thing Professor Kelly expected , the amount of fat taken with the pill had made very little difference to Dina . And it wasn 't just Dina 's results that were a surprise . The group overall showed a similar pattern . When Dr Kelly looked for an explanation he found that the capsules used in the Horizon experiment contained a tiny amount of fat . The fat is often added to make the vitamin E more runny and easier to handle . But he hadn 't suspected that it was enough to allow absorption , and it might explain the unexpected results . The only possible explanation I have at this point is that there was enough fat in the vitamin E supplement to allow that absorption to occur . In other words , it means that Dina can carry on taking her vitamin E just as she does today . However , most doctors recommend people to get the vitamin E they need from food . And because the Horizon study was small and tested only one product , for people who decide to take vitamin E supplements , it may still be advisable to take them after a meal to give themselves the best chance of absorbing the vitamin E. But there is another antioxidant vitamin which is popular and about which scientists are much more cautious . Vitamin A. In vegetables there is a chemical called beta-carotene , which your body converts in to vitamin A. It is found in carrots and leafy green vegetables . And it 's seen to have an extraordinary health benefit . Studies have shown that people who eat a diet rich in beta-carotene are much less likely to develop lung cancer . And this seemed to offer a genuine breakthrough . Demetrius Albanes is one of the leading cancer experts in America . He hoped that beta-carotene pills could be a simple way to fight one of our biggest killers . So he and his colleagues organised a study to confirm that high dose pills really could save millions of lives . We were thoroughly expecting to see a reduction in lung cancer incidents . We designed the study actually to be able to detect at least a twenty five per cent reduction and I would say many of us at the time would have estimated we might observe a twenty five to fifty per cent reduction in lung cancer . Fifteen thousand people were given high dose beta-carotene pills , each one containing the equivalent of six carrots . To have the best chance of seeing whether the pills really could prevent lung cancer , they were given to people most likely to develop it , smokers . For eight years a team of safety experts monitored the volunteer 's health . And it seemed that everything was progressing normally . But then , just before the trial was due to end , they called a surprise meeting . The key investigators were called in to the committee , and they informed us that we had some effect happening with respect to the beta-carotene . They informed us that we in fact had a small increase in lung cancer in the beta-carotene group . It seemed that beta-carotene pills , which every one had hoped would prevent lung cancer , were having the exact opposite effect . I think there was a mass panic to begin with because this is really the way we expected the science to work . It was a devastating result . The people taking the pill had shown an eighteen per cent increase in lung cancer . My first response on hearing these results was being stunned and not really believing it . I thought the results were a fluke . But it was no fluke , eighteen months later the news about beta-carotene got even worse . Another similar study was stopped two years early . An interim analysis showed that there was a twenty eight per cent increase in the number of lung cancers in those taking the intervention . Scientists still do not fully understand why beta-carotene appears so beneficial in food but seemed to have such a devastating effect on smokers when taken in a high dose pill . But because of these studies , in 2003 safety experts in the UK advise smokers not to take beta-carotene supplements . And advised everyone to limit their daily intake from high dose pills . These studies were a salutary lesson that vitamin supplements were not just some harmless natural remedy . In high doses they could have unexpected and dangerous consequences . When the results of the adverse effects of beta-carotene were confirmed in later studies , we began to understand that high doses in certain populations and under certain circumstances really could be harmful . I think we learned a great lesson . So great is the fear that large doses of some vitamins can be dangerous , that some scientists are now sounding the alert about another common form of vitamin A. It 's called retinol . Maddie Walford is one of the many people who take this type of vitamin A supplement every day . She takes a high strength pill containing nearly three times the recommended daily allowance . The reason I take a high strength vitamin , to be honest I 'm not quite sure , but I thought it was probably because it had more potency . And would therefore , therefore be you know worth the money . But the idea that the more vitamin A you consume the better can lead to terrible consequences if taken to excess . Doctor Rob Goldin is a pathologist at St Mary 's Hospital in London . He specialises in diagnosing the cause of liver disease and recently he was given a biopsy from a sick patient in his thirties . I was referred some slides on a liver biopsy from a patient of another hospital to try and ascertain the cause of liver disease because there was no obvious cause . The first thing I did when I examined the liver biopsy was to look for evidence of viral hepatitis , or alcoholic liver disease , the commonest cause of liver damage . I couldn 't see any of these . So Doctor Goldin had to look for another explanation , and he knew that vitamin A might hold the answer . If you consume more vitamin A each day than your body actually require then the vitamin A will accumulate in your body because there 's no easy way of excreting it and the place where it accumulates is the liver . Doctor Goldin then examined the sample to look for the telltale signs of vitamin A damage . On this half of the screen you can see some normal liver with normal healthy liver cells . On this half of the screen you can see the liver biopsy from the patient , and in this slide the scar tissue stains blue , and you can see there 's blue scar tissue surrounding the liver cells . Now the pattern of this scar tissue deposition in this patient made me think that the liver disease could be caused by vitamin A , and that this could be the explanation of his liver problems . But surprisingly the patient 's medical records made no mention of him taking vitamin A supplements . I contacted the clinician at the referring hospital , to check whether his patient had been taking excessive amounts of vitamin A. He went back to the patient . On close examining the patient said they had been taking excessive amounts but hadn 't mentioned this earlier because he didn 't consider vitamin A to be a drug . Cases like this are extremely rare , they normally involve taking the equivalent of many high strength vitamin A pills , every day , for years . But they serve to remind us all that vitamin A , in the form of retinol , although not a drug , is a powerful chemical . And today , the safe level of vitamin A consumption is the subject of fierce debate . Patrick Halford recommends people take 2500 micrograms , that 's over three times the recommended daily allowance , because he is convinced that it will lead to better health . Vitamin A is absolutely essential for every single cell in the body . It helps to protect your DNA , it helps to keep your skin healthy , it helps to protect your body cells from infection . So it 's an essential vitamin , you need it every day . But in recent years evidence has emerged that suggests even this amount could be harmful . And everyone needs to think carefully about the amount of vitamin A they consume . Sweden is a prosperous country , where people live long and healthy lives . But surprisingly it has one of the world 's highest rates of a debilitating disease , osteoporosis . It most often affects women over fifty . And its crippling condition gradually thins and weakens your bones , increasing the risk of fracture . But for years it has been a mystery why the disease is so common . When we look at known risk factors for osteoporosis , such as age , smoking , physical activity , they can partly explain why it 's so common with osteoporosis and bone fractures in Sweden , but that can not explain everything . And then , even more surprising , is that we have a diet rich in calcium , which should protect our bones . So Professor Melhus began to look for another explanation . And there was something in particular about the Swedish diet that made him suspicious . It was exceptionally high in vitamin A. We eat dairy products , oily fish , such as herring and salmon , we consume cod liver oil , vitamin supplements , all which contain high levels of vitamin A , and on top of that we are the only European country which fortifies low fat dairy products with vitamin A. This triggered an alarm for Professor Melhus . Because there was evidence that huge doses of vitamin A damaged animal bones . Since we knew about these harmful effects of vitamin A on animal bones , we wanted to see if this also could be occurring in humans . So Professor Melhus launched his own investigation . From a database of sixty six thousand women aged over forty , he looked for cases of bone fracture . He then checked the diet of these women to see if their vitamin A intake was particularly high . And the results seemed to confirm his suspicions . When I saw the results from our study I was really surprised , although I knew the experiments done in animals , it was hard to accept the fact that vitamin A , a vitamin , had negative effects on bone in humans . Professor Melhus then went further . He did a series of bone scans to work out what level of vitamin A was linked to weaker bones . His results suggested that long term consumption of even relatively small quantities of vitamin A were having a dramatic effect . What we saw was that a vitamin intake above 1.5 milligrams per day , which is approximately twice the recommended daily intake , there was a reduction in bone density about ten per cent , and the risk of hip fracture had doubled . If Professor Melhus was right then the implications were staggering . An intake of 1.5 milligrams per day is a level that can be reached from food alone . And it will be exceeded by taking just a single capsule of some high strength vitamin A supplements . So , tablets that people take every day to improve their health might actually be slowly , silently , weakening their bones . For Professor Melhus , the implication is clear . Based on our research I think people should continue to eat a healthy , normal balanced diet . But since supplements containing high levels of vitamin A may have adverse effects , I cannot recommend people to take them routinely . Professor Melhus has now done another study that suggests the same risk also applies to men . And since his original work , studies from America have supported his findings , but there has been some other research which has not found the same link . The evidence linking osteoporosis with , with relatively small amounts of vitamin A consumption , I 'm not convinced by it . There are , there are studies that show no such link , and it simply doesn 't make sense , because we 're talking about levels that we could easily eat and have eaten for millions of years . So at the moment I 'm simply not convinced . But some scientists see the research very differently . Professor Andrew Renwick is a clinical pharmacologist at Southampton University , and one of Britain 's leading experts on vitamin safety . For four years he was part of an independent committee advising the government on the safety of vitamins . He takes the emerging evidence about vitamin A very seriously . I am concerned , although the , the evidence is not totally consistent , there have now been a number of studies showing a link , and I 'm convinced that a high intake of vitamin A will give an increase risk of bone fracture . In 2003 , the safety committee Professor Renwick was part of reported that they could not yet define a safe maximum intake of vitamin A. But they did sound a warning . We evaluated all the data , and concluded that an intake of more than fifteen hundred micrograms per day , of vitamin A , could be inappropriate . Primarily because of an increased risk of bone fracture . Fifteen hundred micrograms is less than the amount found in some high dose vitamin A supplements , available over the counter . Maddie Walford has been taking a pill containing over two thousand micrograms of vitamin A for more than a year . We asked Catherine Collins , chief dietician of St George 's Hospital in London , to analyse her diet and advise her what to do . What you can see from our dietary analysis is that you 've actually got a very healthy diet . When we look at your vitamin A level , we can see that you 're getting the full amount of vitamin A you need in your diet , from your small amount of animal source and the rest of the fruits and vegetables that you eat . Right . What is of concern is the fact that you 're taking a very high dose supplement of vitamin A. Oh right . And at this level there is a potential risk of you developing osteoporosis and fracture risk with long term usage . Right . Do you think that with the amount of vitamin I 've been taking for the length of time I 've been taking it I will have done myself any , any physical damage ? If you 've only been taking this for a year or so it 's probably fine . But it 's not a supplement we 'd recommend you take long term . It certainly is associated with an increase fracture risk . I was very surprised about the link between osteoporosis and vitamin A and risk of fracture , because I 'd never associated vitamin A with osteoporosis . It 's definitely changed my mind about taking that , I 'm actually going to be stopping it as of today , because it clearly doesn 't do any good for me personally , and it might do more harm than good . Vitamins without doubt are vital to our health . And it remains possible that high dose vitamin supplements will one day be proven to protect against illnesses like heart disease and cancer . But so far , definitive evidence for these claims remains largely elusive . And as we discover more about some vitamins , it is increasingly clear that in large doses they can have unexpected , and sometimes dangerous consequences . Until we understand more about these powerful chemicals , most doctors would advise everybody to seek advice before joining the high dose vitamin revolution .
