 The last fragment of a once living planet . its body blasted into dust by the madness of its own inhabitants , while its head was cursed to roam aimlessly through time and space , screaming in pain and sorrow . in legend and in fact , it is known as Metal Hurlant UMA-61 could have been a colony like the others , but with the discovery of the mechadrome , the company wanted to take advantage of this new energy source to create an army of automated miners , the Mechamorphes . Alloys of metal and flesh , they were the perfect tool . Cheap , efficient and of course they never complained . But one day everything changed . with the visit of the meteor , suddenly , they were different . They no longer followed orders and began to turn against the humans . Against us . And since the dawn of their revolt , after 30 years of peace , we rediscovered war . Everyone in their station . Come on . Move , move . Early warning system engaged . They 're coming in quick . Soldier , any sign ? Give me those zero b.n. Incoming ! Brace yourself ! Our forces are overrun . And each man we lose , they find a use for him . Beloved , we will lose this war . Our situation is pitiful . We are out of ammo , critically low on supplies , and every day our enemy grows stronger . But the company has decided to regroup for one last push . We must rally to the mechadrome and take the endomorphe to it , for only the young and innocent can bear the accelerated mutation of the mechadrome and become a golem . What it means for us , is a one-way trip . That 's all we have now . But Golem could change it all . It already did on UMA-34 when they had to deal with the native insectoids living there . But will it be enough this time ? Hell , I don 't know . We just have to make it . That 's the only way to be sure . There were ten of us at the start . Now we 're down to half that number . The endomorphe is fearful , but now that we 're behind enemy lines , we know that this trench will lead us to the mechadrome , and to our destiny . Soon , I will be with you . He 's writing to his dead wife again . Why ? Been doing it since the beginning of the war . Dealing with his loss , remembering who he 's fighting for . I don 't know . Take your pick . We 've all lost family here . Right now , we should concentrate on protecting this little one . Yeah . Looks like another one of us is going down . Are we kidding ourselves here ? This is really all in vain . Are we supposed to believe that this little one is gonna become an all-powerful giant ? Do you have something better to believe in ? Young man . See this letter ? Well , this letter is very important to me . But I have no place to keep it . You hold on to this . And I 'll go see if I can help out our friend over there , okay ? Son , how 's he look ? We have a problem . He 's tagged . It was a lamar type of explosive , and a micro-tentacle remained in his wound . Looking at the size of it , it still communicates with the original source . That means they 've been on our tail for a while . They could be minutes , even seconds away . We leave right now . He doesn 't wanna go anyway . He 'll stay here . Leave him his gun . Pick up the rest . Everyone , we must leave right now . Thank you for what you 've done . Make every shot count . Buy us some time . Interesting . They just never know when to give up . Brave soldier ... retrieve these body parts to assemble a new recruit . What is it ? They 're not far away . The endomorphe accompanies them . This will be entertaining . Clear . Clear as well . Another abandoned advance station . Company said this fight would last a couple of days . Seems more like a year now . It seems like it . Well , looks like we 're clear , at least for now . How much further ? Only seven kilometers away . I 'd say if we stick to the trenches , we 'll be there in three hours . with hope . Looks like this place was taken fairly quickly . It 's a good chance for some ammo . Check . Okay , I 'll search the place . You 're right . Listen , we are all with you . It 's okay for you to be afraid . I know your parents , in their wildest dreams , would have never thought that your talents would be used for something like this . Look , we stick to the trench- - Just hear me out . If we leave the trenches and take to the open fields , we could save hours . Yeah , hours until our own deaths . We don 't risk the open trail until we are as close as possible . End of story . Think of those in the fortress who are counting on us . And if we succeed , they will be saved . You see Sant , Mel , Gas ? They 're here to protect you no matter what . So we have to keep moving . Well , well , well . I bring you presents . Good . Go load up the kid . What have we got here ? We got grenades , remote explosives . more ammo . Better than a birthday present . It 's like christmas to me . I could hang these on my tree . I 'm gonna treasure these ... Up until I use them . I knew I could cheer you up . Okay , we move out . I think we should stay . She wants to go above ground , and I say we stick in the trenches . I prefer the longer , safer route . Until this runs out . And then I don 't give a damn . We stay in the trenches . We double-time it . They are tracking us . Move . They were there an hour ago . We 're getting closer . Help me ! Sorry , buddy . I gotta do what I gotta do . Oh , shit . Shit . Wanting to play ? Not this time . Come . See you ugly mechs in Hell . She bought us some time . But they 'll be on us soon . You have to climb . Take our six . They 're coming . So we climb faster . You know what must be done . Let 's go . Go . Come on ! Come on ! This is for Sant ! And this ... Is for my girl ! Take care of this one . I 'll handle the endomorphe . I 'll send you all to your graves ! We made it . Soldier , there will be no golem here . I 'll personally make sure . Endomorphe , you will die . No savior , no victory . Only glorious death and unnecessary sacrifice . The fate of Humanity will ... Die with you . What makes you think I 'm the endomorphe ? What ? I 'm just the trainer . Let 's go .
