 [ guitar music playing ] [ music stops ] [ music resumes ] ( news anchor ) The situation on the ground is ongoing while the entire disputed area remains closed to news organizations . As last night 's report of a series of large explosions awaits official confirmation , widespread fear of a biological weapons launch continues to spread throughout the region . [ speaking Arabic ] Justine , what are you seeing in the capital ? The Foreign Ministry remains shuttered for a second day as evidence mounts that the insurgents may have used at Ieast some part of their Iong-rumored biological weapons stockpile in the course of last night 's incursion . Have you been able to get any word yet on the government 's response ? Well , it 's hard to find any officials here at all in the capital , Mark . But those who are willing to speak off the record confirm the regime 's plan for a massive retaliation in the next five to seven days . Well , while we are trying to restore that image , lTL News has just obtained amateur video footage purporting to show casualties from last night 's exchange of missile fire . A warning . This footage contains images that may be disturbing to some viewers . Obtained from a junior military officer fleeing the site of last night 's clashes , it seems to belie assurances from both sides of the conflict - that no chemical or biological weapons ... - Damn it . ... have been deployed . Such images are horrifying enough , but there 's an even more horrific scenario if the contagion spreads beyond the region , potentially infecting tens ... if not hundreds of thousands . - They 're saying- - - Look , I 'm ... if you want to , I 'm just going to go to the guitar shop . The pickup fried out , so ... They can 't just keep fighting , right ? ( female reporter ) We are now going live to a press conference at the Centers for Disease Control . [ man ] As of 8 : 00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time , the CDC has not measured any airborne contaminants beyond a 1 00-mile radius of last night 's advance in the middle East . What this- - what this means is the continental United States has not and will not be affected by the reported use of these pathogens . ( female reporter # 2 ) Steven , the situation in the larger cities near the epicenter of the conflict remains tense as persistent rumors of mass deaths in scores of towns E and villages gain credibility . At least three regional governments have begun issuing gas masks ... ( male reporter ) Rumors abound in the capital as the prime minister and his cabinet depart the city ... [ speaking Arabic ] ( translator ) This is simply a precaution in order for us to maintain government function ... ( female reporter # 3 ) Meanwhile , a veritable exodus of refugees continues to stream across regional borders , desperately seeking safety from a threat that remains , perhaps intentionally , undefined . ( male reporter # 2 ) ln Washington , the president has issued a statement urging calm and affirming that no known pathogen poses any threat ... ( news anchor ) The trade winds are spreading the pathogen well beyond the conflict 's borders , confirming officials worst fears about the airborne virus . Reports of mass casualties as far north as Italy and Portugal are pending confirmation . ( female reporter ) What we 're apparently seeing here is a virus , or a complex of viruses , killing some almost immediately , while leaving others fully mobile . However , within hours , nobody in the affected area remains alive . Stay tuned , please , for further developments on this breaking news story . That pickup 's all right . But when I move around- - ( strumming ) it doesn 't have that punch and it 's just fading out a lot . - Don 't worry ... - All right , so ... ( strumming guitar ) Okay , cool . Thanks , man . [ faint rumbling , screaming ] He says it 's going to be , Iike , an hour . There 's something ... - I am so hungry . - Oh . [ woman ] I don 't even know why we 're fighting this thing . - It was the fucking dishes . - Yes ! You guys have maids , you know ? So it 's not Iike you see a dirty dish and you 're like , " Hey , here 's a dirty dish . I 've got to do something about it . I 'm going to wash this dirty dish . " - You 're- - - What are you- - l mean- - You 're totally fixated on this . It 's not the dish . - l 'm not talking about the dish anymore . - It 's a metaphor . - Yeah , it 's a metaphor- - - I know what you 're going to say . - No , you don 't . - The dish is a metaphor for my anxiety about how different we are . - [ laughing ] - What ? - You did know . - well , of course I knew . - So , fuck it . - Just wash the dish . - Just metaphor the metaphor . - Just address my anxieties with dishwashing liquid . We 'd miss this if we ever lost it . We 'd be like , " l wish we could go back to when the worst thing we had to worry about was the dishes . " [ woman ] Hey . Hey . Oh , my God . You guys , congratulations ! Let me see . Oh , my God . That is so adorable . So what 's going on with this shit in the news ? [ sighs ] - honestly , I 'm not watching it . - Don 't know , right ? - Nothing 's changed . - l am going to go to the bathroom . Oh . [ woman # 2 giggling ] [ car horns honking ] ( news anchor ) Although state and county authorities have been almost unanimous in urging residents to remain calm , a spreading , seemingly spontaneous exodus along the Eastern Seaboard has caused state highway patrol officials to shut down six major northbound arteries , piecing together- - [ water running ] [ distant siren wailing ] [ car horns honking ] Traffic 's insane out there . Did you guys eat my food ? I got you this . [ faint sirens ] [ dishes clattering ] Anna , why have you been so freaked out lately ? So , what , I 'm not allowed to talk to any girl I 've ever slept with ? Are you going to go crazy ? is that it ? No , it 's the exact opposite . I think you should talk to all the people you want to ... any girl you 've ever met , whenever they call , whenever they stop by , whenever you bump into them . Yeah , I think you should take as many opportunities as possible to talk to them . Jesus , Anna . Because , God , there is so much time , isn 't there ? There is so much time between all the dishes lying around , the fucked-up amps , the fried-out pickups , your rich grandparents ... and your boring , stupid ex-girIfriends coming to the " Gates of fucking India " ? You know ? Because between all that , there 's so much time for ... laying in the bathtub ... and reading the soap bottle ... [ sniffles ] and looking out together , up at the leaves ... and holding each other , because we 're both so happy that we 're actually scared . [ sniffles ] Because if it really is all over- - Erik , if it was just us , and there really was nothing left on Earth- - [ Erik strumming softly ] What are you doing ? No , Anna , Anna , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . That 's the song . That- - that is the song . Those are the Iyrics to our song . That 's it . It 's going to be beautiful . ( male newscaster ) No one is willing to confirm or deny what we 're seeing here . It clearly isn 't benign . Even at this distance , David , I 've got to admit , I 'm scared . ( male reporter ) We 're getting unconfirmed reports of rioting at dozens of airports as all domestic and international flights remain grounded . ( male reporter # 2 ) Hundreds of thousands of people are now running through the streets here seeking any kind of shelter . ( female reporter ) The president and his cabinet have been evacuated to an undisclosed location while assuring local authorities ... ( newscaster ) ... as yet another American city reports an almost unbelievable casualty rate ... I , the Lord , have held My peace a Iong time ... ( male reporter # 2 ) Just in the last several minutes , it 's really- - Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! ( female reporter # 2 ) We are no longer receiving reports from the following cities and municipalities- - Boston and the Boston metropolitan area , - Bridgeport and the ... - Philadelphia ... - Baltimore ... - " Then the fifth angel poured out his bowel on the throne of the beast , and His kingdom became full of darkness and they gnawed their tongues because of the pain ... " - Jesus Christ ! - Oh , my God . - Oh , my God . - " They shall become refuse on the ground . " ( announcer ) The following is a bulletin from the Emergency Management Agency . If concentrations in your area have exceeded 80 parts per billion , you must take immediate shelter and remain where you are for a minimum of eight days . Authorities will continue to broadcast hourly updates as long as emergency networks remain operational . [ birds chirping ] What does that even mean , " parts per billion " ? Per billion what ? Per billion of whatever else was out there , I guess . It 's a beautiful day . Not a cloud in the sky . [ sighs ] We could read something . Sure . [ sniffs , exhaIes ] Remember this ? Oh , that . That was a moment of weakness . well , at Ieast we 're not going to get divorced now . It 's so clear out , baby . The birds up there , they 're just flying around . It 's too bad we aren 't birds . I wonder what they 're feeling . Like their favorite TV show got canceled . [ laughs ] I couId talk to you for another 20 years . [ scoffs ] Aw , shut up . I mean it . I was just thinking it the other day . [ sniffIes ] I just realized that- - that you 're my wife . It took me practically till just now to really believe it . [ hissing ] We 're going to have to go to children 's . - What ? - [ groans ] There are no more canisters here . We 're going to have to go to children 's hospital . Okay . - Oh , my God . - Don 't look . Oh , God . That looks like ... that sweet nurse in cardiology . [ man ] Sarah . Her name was Sarah . Sarah . [ sniffIes ] [ praying in Hebrew ] [ yelling , wailing ] [ monitor beeping ] Sarah ? Sarah . Sarah . - Mr. Sachs , I- - - Wait a minute . Look , I know you 're busy , but I need a favor from you . It 's for my wife . She 's in there waiting to see Dr. Henderson . They took her off life support . They took her out of ICU . We 're just waiting , Sarah . well , we have an emergency- - well , this is an emergency ! You understand ? ! This is an emergency , Sarah ! She 's dying ! And the doctor 's just taken a three-hour coffee break . - Mr. Sachs- - - I 'm sorry . I know you 're a good person . Esther and I really think of you as someone close to us , Iike you 're really family . please , I 'm begging you . Just come with me . help me . help me get her to ICU . Come on . I 'm not sure I 'm going to be able to do that . We have an emergency- - Mr. Sachs ? - [ groans ] - Mr. Sachs ! Jacob ! Get me an oxygen unit . Jacob , get me an oxygen unit , now . Yes , right . [ gasping ] ( Sarah ) Mr. Sachs ? Lift your head up for me . [ wheezing , coughing ] Try to breathe normally . - Okay ? - Yeah . - I 've got to go . - Wait , wait . Listen to me . It 's a biological attack . - lsn 't it ? - They don 't know . People can 't breathe- - old people ... kids . Animals are okay . We only have about three hours- - [ inhales deeply ] It has to do with how much material is in the air . And winds and ... if it gets up to more than 35 parts per billion , you 're going to need one of these to survive , Sarah . Now listen to me . Listen . You got to get one . Not a charcoal filter . Pure oxygen . You 'II be able to last eight days . Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much . Good luck . [ woman ] Nurse ! I have to go ! [ oxygen hissing ] " Connect me to something . Give me something , " I said . You know ? " Give me something , counsel . Give me something that connects my client eating baba ghanoush at some streetside cafe somewhere in ... do we even know where this was taken , Tracy ? " And then Tracy said ... And then I said , " No , the prosecution just gave us Exhibit 345 , defendants Hightower , Esselen , and Sachs and ' unidentified man . ' 1979 . " " So , please . help me out here , " I said , looking sort of baffled . " Give me whatever it is you 're hanging your case on " so that I can defend my client . " But don 't keep giving me " exhibit after exhibit , " so-caIIed ' fact after so-caIIed ' fact " that doesn 't add up to A ) trade secrets , " B ) any of your employees actually compromising " your trade secrets , or C ) " any material damages done to your company 's overseas interests , " because if opposing counsel doesn 't or can 't , " or for whatever reason , they won 't ... " Your Honor , I respectfully request that you dismiss the case against my client . " And the judge dismissed it . [ footsteps approaching , knock on door ] [ woman ] You guys ? We 're ... we 're evacuating the building . ( reporter ) ... the news , then a proliferation of rumors and hearsay , and then almost street by street ... ( man on recording ) Hey , man . Leave a message and I 'll get back to you . [ beeps ] Hey , man . I 'm leaving a message , dude . Did you- - if you 're watching TV , - there 's a ... - [ screaming ] anyway , turn on the TV . It has something to do with the war . We 're supposed to ... [ sighs ] ( reporter ) ... conflicting reports of trade winds ... So , um ... meet me back at the house . And ... please change your outgoing message , though , baby . seriously . ( reporter ) ... but efforts to keep citizens calm and encourage them to maintain their normal ... I 'm going to take you left , then right- - - Ah ! - Busted ! - [ buzzing ] - ... surprise myself ! Ah ! Take it back right here . And then I 'm going to score again . [ both laughing ] Perfect defense . Oh , yeah ! That 's game , baby ! - No , no , no . - That 's game . No . Okay , so here 's the deal . If I sink this , right here , you let me pay you back . You don 't owe me anything , man . You see , that 's exactly the kind of talk that won 't be allowed if I make this shot . What happens if you miss ? Uh ... You know , this is really going to determine my inner morality . If I miss , then you never have to hear about it again . How 's that ? Okay ? Borrowed your Jeep , fucked up the transmission , we 're square . But if I make it , you accept the cash . [ sighs ] AII right , I 'II trust your subconscious . You hear that , Rick 's subconscious ? You don 't really want him to make this shot , do you ? - [ chuckles ] - Make him miss . You 're just- - you 're going to stand right there ? You never said anything about where I couId stand . - Okay . Okay . - Oh , I 'm sorry . It doesn 't really matter . That doesn 't bother me . - ' Cause you know why ? - Why ? 'Cause I got it like that . I give up . [ elevator bell dings ] Nice work on the Sachs case . Thanks . Where are you going ? Home . That 's it ? That 's it . [ sighs ] Whatever . [ sighs ] Let 's not end this on a bad note . You 're a wonderful guy , and who knows what would have happened if we had met before . But it was never a question . There was in my mind . I 'm sorry . [ sighs ] It 's the end of the world . If it really is the end of the world , how funny , you know ? For once , it really would be when it feels that way . - How romantic . - [ elevator bell dings ] [ woman on phone ] Anyway , turn on the TV . It has something to do with the war . Meet me back at the house and please change your outgoing message , though , baby . - Come on , come on . Let 's go . - Seriously . I 'm starting to tighten up a little bit . Let 's go . What ? She told me to turn on the TV . - She wants me to meet her at home . - Now ? Yeah . - So you 're- - ? - Sorry , man . You know what , man ? You are so fuckin ' whipped . Hey , I canceled a lot of shit for this so we can just hang out . Yeah ? Like what ? Coffee at Saga ? Tarot card reading ? - Yeah . - I 'II see you on Thursday . - You got to be kidding me . - I 'II see you Thursday , man . Yeah , fuck you , motherfucker . - Thursday . - lf you 're lucky . [ distant siren ] Goddamn it . ( Erik ) Hey . I finished the song . I have an idea . Why don 't we take a nap , just forget about everything ? - [ distant siren ] - Listen to this . " The souls of all my dears " have flown to the stars . Thank God there 's no one left for me to lose . " Hm . You know what your grandmother said to me ? Mm . She said ... that the only important language spoken in the world is spoken between a man and a woman . In bed . I don 't know . Maybe you want to watch the news ? - Nuh-uh . - Or write some more poetry ? No . You know what ? We should probably get up and do the dishes . No , I don 't think so . [ giggling ] [ faint ringing ] And so , finally , eight years later or whatever , at some New Year 's Eve party , Grandpa finally got up the courage and he kissed her . At least , that 's how my mom used to tell it . [ engine stops ] They 're going to love you . seriously . Don 't worry about it . I 'm not worried , baby . - hello ! - Hi ! I 'm so glad to meet you . I 'm so happy to meet you , too . Yes ! Goodness ! Ooh ! Someone did very well . This is a beautiful ring . - That 's right . - He did very great . How are you , sweetheart ? Men are so much like kids , it 's silly . I mean , there 's the guitar and there 's the garden and there 's basketball and footbaII- - it 's a wonder they have any time at all to devote themselves to other responsibilities for family . But they do . They do . - Yeah . - bless ' em . You know . I 'm going to have to sit down , I think . - I just got a little pooped . - Yeah , sure . What you 've got to watch , of course , is when you breed something more and more specialized , it can only survive under very narrow and specific conditions . - [ groans ] - Here . Thank you . - Got something for you . - No , Grandpa , I 'm fine . - No , no , no . - I 'm fine . No , no , you can 't refuse me . You just can 't . I 'm not going to take no for an answer , - so you might as well just stop . - Okay . I said I want to tell you something- - man to man , okay ? No matter how much a woman may tell you that she 's happy to support you , that she 's not interested in material things , she wants you to be free ... sooner or later , they all want the good things in life . - I know , I know . But Anna isn 't like that . - well , I 'm sure she 's not . I 'm not telling you that she 's shallow . probably is the most natural , basic instinct in a woman ... actually , any human being , make a home , make a nest . You know , I 'm playing a show at this thing . It 's called " South by Southwest . " And you know there 's a Iot of ... record company people , and managers go . That 's wonderful . - I can make a living playing music . - I 'm sure you can . And I 'm sure you 'II figure it out . Don 't let anybody pressure you , huh ? Just take your time . If there 's anything ever I can do to help you , you know I 'm here . So funny , I was just thinking this morning that , God , I have turned into such a typical " girl . " [ chuckles ] I never thought it wouId happen to me , but I- - oh , God- - I am completely obsessed with him . Beyond obsessed with him . I mean , even when I 'm angry or jealous or , I don 't know , maybe that 's the same thing , but God , he leaves for an hour and I can 't stand it . I don 't know what to do with myself . I feel kind of crazy and- - [ sighs ] that can 't be healthy . well , I 'm not sure it 's healthy , but it is the way it is . - Yeah . - Yeah ? And I 'II tell you something else . You 'd be someplace , at a party or a friend 's house or something , and he 'II be over there talking to somebody . And you see his face . And you think , " He and I are going to make some beautiful babies . " - Cheers . - Cheers . You know what ? I don 't think I can take this . No , no . I told you I 'm not taking no for an answer . - No , Grandpa , I can 't . - Oh , Erik , come on . I got it , you need it . - What 's the difference ? - I always appreciate- - I am not taking it back . That 's final . [ rips ] - I 'm sorry . - Idiot . You 're too good for my dirty money ? You think there wouldn 't be such a thing as war if it wasn 't for me ? I got news for you , kid . There are worse sinners on this earth - than your grandfather . - No , no , no . I don 't- - Wait till you have a child ! Wait till you have a sick child ! Then you 'II lecture me . ( attorney0 And if you have any trouble at all remembering or if you aren 't sure of your answer , just say , " l don 't remember , " or , " l don 't have any specific recollection . " Now , that last one actually covers quite a Iot . If , for instance , you " sort of " think you might remember something , but it 's possible that you aren 't remembering it clearly , it 's never perjury to say , " I don 't have any specific recollection . " They were developing a pathogen . I know , Mr. Sachs . But the prosecution won 't be asking about that tonight . It wasn 't even my division . I offered advice to my clients on pharmaceutical lines . Okay . We have about 1 5 minutes until opening statements . They just offered me so much money . So much . millions . Okay . Mr. Sachs , look at me . This trial is not about how certain governments got a hold of certain weapons or formulas for weapons over 30 years ago . This trial deals with the very narrow issue of whether or not you violated your contract with Sichel Systems by revealing trade secrets , and you didn 't do that . You didn 't break the terms of your contract . You 're innocent . Have you had a child ? - No . - You can 't watch them die . She lived another 1 5 years and she gave us our grandson , Erik . But the prosecution doesn 't need to know that , do they ? I took it . I took the money . I knew it was wrong , but I took it . My wife is living in denial , but I know it 's my fault . I deserve to be punished . We really need to leave , Mr. Sachs . ( Esther ) Oh , my God . Oh , it 's too far . ( Sachs ) We 'II get there , we 'II get there . hold on . If we can find some more canisters up there , it 's going to get us eight days of air , and the poison will be gone . ( Esther sighs ) To think I was so scared about having that operation . And instead , Dr. Henderson died . Esther , if you 're going to go through all the ironies of the situation , we 're going to be talking another 20 years . You know that ? I won 't say a word . I don 't ever want to say anything . What ? What did you say ? Excuse me ? You don 't want to say anything ? Huh ? You don 't want to say anything ... about my pants ? Something about my pants ? - They 're too high . - exactly . Okay , here we go . ( Sarah ) Have you been looking for a job ? [ man ] Yeah , I 've been looking for a job . I print out another 1 75,000 resumes , I change my profile on another million job sites . - I mean , the thing is- - - l even call Human Resources . I swear to God , I feel like " willy Loman . " I said ... [ sighs ] " If anything comes up , do me a favor . Keep my number . Give me a call . " I mean , you were getting plenty of work when you were putting her through law school . Yeah . people used to hire writers . You can get any job you want . Yeah . One more job . Pay some bills . Buy some stuff , get another job , pay some more bills , buy some more stuff- - Yeah , but it 's that or what ? play basketball with your buddies all day and let Mia buy your shirts ? You know what 's interesting to me , is that why- - instead of printing a bunch of resumes , why we all don 't just stop in the middle of the street and say ... What the hell is going on here ? What is this all about ? I mean , why am I here on this earth , you know ? - Oh , Len- - - No , I mean it . I mean it . Why does the universe expand for eternity ? Wh-why- - ( stammers ) how much longer am I going to live ? Why am I the only animal that knows it 's going to die ? We all asked ourselves those questions when we were , Iike , eight . Yeah , but why did we stop asking , you know ? 'Cause I never got any answers . [ phone ringing ] Is this about the war ? [ sighs ] This is about what I 'm supposed to be doing with my Iife . I just don 't know what I 'm supposed to tell Dad . Oh , God , Sarah . tell him I 'm happy . I mean , you tell me , X-ray vision- - am I horribly depressed ? You know what I just realized the other day ? We 're at some party at Mia 's office and we 'd just gotten in some stupid fight and we 're outside in the parking lot . And I just realized that ... she 's my wife . And I Iove her . I mean , I really love her . She married me ... so I can 't really be that depressed , can I ? God . I hope I meet someone like you someday . - Except with a job . - Except with a job . [ engine knocking ] [ engine stops ] Come on . [ engine sputters ] Come on ! [ distant siren ] Fuck . Shit . [ car horns honking ] [ honking continues ] [ ringing ] [ tires screeching , sharp thump ] [ faint ringing ] Mia ? Sarah , what the fuck is going on ? Listen , they 're not telling the whole story on the news . well , I haven 't seen the news . What 's going on ? Just ignore what everybody 's saying . You have to get back to the house . Get out your dehumidifiers and ionizers- - anything you have that filters air- - and seal yourself into the basement . [ panting ] What- - what is it ? Is this the war ? Just listen . Remember how we put Mom 's oxygen tanks up in the attic ? Yeah . I got rid of those months ago , Sarah . [ sighs ] Damn . well , just stay down there as long as you can . I 'm starting to freak out here , Sarah . What 's going on ? How do you know all this ? Because I- - I met someone who knows about this , - and I- - - Hey , Sarah ? Sarah , listen to me , okay ? What the fuck ? hold on a second . I got to give you a call back , okay ? I 'm going to call you back . Stay safe . ( recording ) Attention , please . There has been an emergency reported in the building . - [ Sarah moans ] - Leave the building immediately using marked stairways and exits . Do not use elevators . Hey , buddy . Do you know where your mommy and daddy are ? You okay ? ... using marked stairways and exits . Do not use elevators . [ sighs ] - [ groans ] - Attention , please . Attention , please . There has been an emergency reported in the building . Leave the building immediately using marked stairways ... It hurts . What hurts ? My tummy . Where does it hurt ? Hmm ? It- - [ guIps ] Okay , okay , buddy . Okay . We 're going to ... [ man ] What the fuck are you doing ? - Hey- - - Get the fuck away from my boy ! Hey , man , it 's okay . Your kid is not doing- - Hey , whoa ! Hey , hey- - hey , listen ! Jesus Christ ! Hey , listen , man ! - Listen ! - Fuck you- - - Daddy ! - Damn it ! Listen ! ( grunting ) Listen ! Jesus Christ , man ! Stop ! Listen to me . Take care of your son ! [ distant sirens ] [ music playing , laughter ] Hey , do you have any goldfish ? - Um ... - Yes , goldfish . Maybe up there . Thanks . Uh ... ? [ laughing ] ( Anna ) Wow . Do you think that they stuffed everything up like that for the party ? No , I think that is just how they keep their things . - You know what 's weird about that ? - What ? Oh , shh- - Oreos . - Look at this . - Mmm . - Mmm . - Mmm , mmm . Yummy , yummy . What 's ... - what 's weird ? - Huh ? - What 's weird about it ? - What 's weird , what 's weird . - You said- - - It was ... I don 't know . It 's just weird . Ever since we got engaged , there 's suddenly like all these- - I don 't know , these waves that we- - No . I know exactly what you mean . There 's , Iike , a right way and a wrong way of doing everything , and we 're , Iike- - You know why ? It 's ' cause we 're , Iike , we are like , the Anna and Erik tribe . You know ? And I mean there 's something terribly wrong about putting the- - look , the cat food next to the tea . Yeah , but for the Jess and Henry tribe probably the way we stack things and put things together really neatly seems completely insane and constricting . - Right ? - Yeah , yeah . I mean it already feels so wrong to do it any other way than the way we do it . Right , but that is how it begins , you know ? That is why countries invade each other ... 'cause of that . " You don 't put the tea in the right place . " Yeah ? Fuck you ! Fuck you , you 're the bad guys . You have no idea how to do it , and we 're better . " You know what ? The green tea goes on the top shelf next to the cocoa , fuckwad , or I 'm going to kill you . " The beginning of civilization . I 'm sorry . I have got to move this . No , I mean , it so doesn 't belong there . There is something immoral about it . We 'd be hypocrites if we fail that . Future generations will thank us . The products here will cry out for liberation . It will be a beacon of proper shelf arrangement for the entire region . Oh , my God . So good . I can 't find the Goldfish . He was up there . God . [ faint screaming ] [ car horns honking ] [ wind rustling ] [ birds chirping ] [ crows cawing ] I hear you . [ faint echo ] [ wind rustling , birds chirping ] [ chirping continues ] [ wings fluttering ] [ rustling , crunching ] [ birds chirping ] [ footsteps approaching ] Hi . - Was I talking to myself ? - No . I 've been feeling so weird these past few days . You know ... I see stuff . Out of the corner of my eye sometimes . I don 't even tell my boyfriend- - my fiancé . And these past few days , I ... I mean literally , last night , for a second , it was like there was nobody left anywhere ... except animals ... running down the middle of the street . [ sniffIes ] God , and Erik was like , " What ? What are you staring at ? " You didn 't say ? They say schizophrenia starts when you 're , Iike , 1 9 to 25 . Rick : You hear voices ? well , I just heard a bunch of crows screaming " War ! War ! " [ chuckles ] well , they aren 't telling you to jump off any high buildings , right ? No . Good . My name is Rick . I 'm Anna . I 've considered the high building option . But life is so absurdly short , anyway . Yeah , I 've been thinking that . Makes you only want to do the important things . But what are the important things ? I 'm pregnant . First time I 've told anybody . - Greyhound . - You got it . Vodka and grapefruit . Here you go . Thank you . You don 't know what a Greyhound is ? Hey , who got us this job ? So , anyway , all I 'm saying is marriage is just all of these artificial restrictions . It 's like going on some radical diet when you 're not even fat . AII I 'm saying is , yes , agreed , congratulations Anna is hot . She 's incredibly hot . And , granted , you 're probably not going to meet anybody who 's that hot and whatever cool and interesting and wonderful . ( Mia ) I don 't know what you 're talking about . You 're making a scene . well , what is he looking at , then ? Right now he 's looking at you . Having dragged me across the room and yelling at me - in front of all my coworkers- - - I 'm not yelling at you . Can I get a vodka and tonic ? brilliant , that 's exactly right . - Yeah . - Fucking more alcohol because that 's really going to help . Thank you . See ? He probably thought he was marrying the most magical , beautiful girl on earth . It 's up to you , man . I 'm just saying you could be dealing with that kind of shit for the rest of your life . Or I couId spend the rest of my Iife saying , " I met the one true love of my Iife " when I was 22 years old and I was too scared - to ask her to marry me . " - If she is the one true love of your life . I mean , there are billions of people . No , she 's- - she 's the one true love of my Iife . ( chuckles softly ) Okay . So you have the rest of your life to ask her to marry you . ( mutters ) Fuck . ( exhaIes sharply ) It happens every time . I get dressed up to come to a thing like this , and it 's a fucking disaster . [ sniffIes ] Len , none of these people matter to me . None of these people mean anything to me except you . [ sighs ] Let 's get out of here . Ah , fuck . Oh , God . I need water . Water . What 's this ? I got it at the museum . ( bottle lid cIanking ) It 's a trilobite . It 's probably like 300 million years old . And now they just give them away with a $ 50 membership . There used to be billions of them . They must have had a Iot of sex . They couldn 't help themselves . They were in love . Or it was just instinct . Same thing , I guess . I 'd have babies with you . I mean , not right away , but ... we should , you know ? ( sighs deeply ) [ scoffs ] What ? I never said never . I said , " Don 't marry me if you want to have children . " But you would ? I couId . Yeah , I would . We should . - Right ? - Right . Think of how beautiful it wouId be . " It " ? She . She . Okay . We will . You promise ? Not right away . But someday . Promise . [ key chain rattling ] [ siren wailing ] [ key rattling ] Mia ? ! ( Mia ) There you go . It 's okay . Come here . So we need to- - I need you to get everything out of the kitchen that you can , okay ? Get everything that you can . Okay ? I 'm going to go upstairs and get some blankets . Okay ? We 're going to bring it down to the basement . Okay ? Yeah ? Sure . Okay . [ announcer ] The following message is transmitted at the request of the United States government . This is not a test . All residents of the United States are strongly encouraged to establish- - ( Len ) We 're going to need some more tape . We 've got to seal all the windows up here , we 've got to seal the door . ( Mia ) Does creme soda count as water ? What ? [ cracking , Mia yelps ] - Come on , sweetheart . - I 'II just get that , okay ? Let 's get everything downstairs . It 's all diet food . It 's all fucking ... Iow carb crap . AII of it . It 's okay , sweetheart . Hey , Iook- - I have a chocolate bar in my pocket , okay ? With almonds , okay ? Go back downstairs . Okay ? Go back downstairs . - Come on , sweetie . - Okay , okay , okay . ( Len ) I got it . Do you need this tape ? - Nope . - Okay . ( Mia ) Did you call Sarah ? [ sighs ] Mm-hmm . You okay down there , sweetheart ? [ Sachs grunting ] Ooh . Andy , it 's ... it 's time to stop . I thought you didn 't want to talk anymore . [ groans ] ( Esther ) I just don 't want to sit here watching you kill yourself . ( Sachs ) We 'II get there . You see ? If we can just make it up there , we 're going to find some more canisters , I know it . Stop that , Esther . Stop it , come on . Take your hand- - ( grunts ) Take your hand off the wheel . ( Esther grunts ) I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , but look . I 've got to- - we can 't afford the energy it takes to fight like this . ( moans ) I wish- - I wish you would put more energy into finding solutions . There are no solutions , honey . The news broadcasts have stopped , and ... everybody that we love is dead . Listen to me . Everyone I Iove is not dead . The only person on earth that I Iove is still alive . Oh , you 're such a charmer . You could charm the knickers off of any girl . well , there 's no girls left but my girl . [ sniffIes ] Okay . Here we go . [ grunts ] [ plane engines whining ] ( Anna ) I can 't stand how much I miss you when I 'm gone . ( Erik ) I know . Oh- - so , I got a new book that I really want to read to you . Okay . ( Anna ) Wait , I don 't know which one to read to you . Wow , that song is really good . - Yeah , you know , I- - - Let me just read you one . What- - you don 't have to stop . I know , I know . I mean , I just , I just- - I just wanted to show you something . In the park . I want your opinion on something that they 're building across the river . Uh , what , before we go home ? Yeah , yeah . It 's just been bugging me . I pass it every day on my run , you know . Right . So do you want to look at it ? Uh , sure . You don 't want to hear this ? No , no . Read it to me , read it to me . " At the red towers of your native Sodom , " the square where once you sang , " the spinning shed , at the empty windows " set into the house , " where sons and daughters blessed your marriage bed . " A single glance , a sudden dart of pain " stitching her eyes before she made a sound . " Her body flaked into transparent salt . Her swift legs rooted to the ground . " Right ? That 's- - that 's incredible . - You 're so distracted . - No , I 'm not . I liked it . No , you have no idea what I just read to you . Not no idea . Come on . Hey . " dilute . " ( straining ) " dilute . dilute ! " dilute . Okay . Come on . Let 's go see your weird-ass building . ( Anna laughs ) ( ship horn blowing ) Okay . Uh ... this looks right . See that ... that big red building with the arches ? It 's that . Right next to it with the ... The water tower , just right under that , there 's like this cluster of red buildings . Like that red garage - Iooking thing ? - Yeah . - I can 't really see it . - Is it next to the- - - Yeah . What am I looking at ? ( shuddering ) Hey ! I have to give this to you now . Oh , my God . What does that mean ? What does that ... Is that a " yes " ? You have to say yes if you 're going to- - ( sobs ) - You still need to say " yes . " - ( Anna laughs ) I Iove you . I Iove you so much . - ( Anna laughing ) - Say yes . You need to say yes . please . Look at you . ♪ You love me ... ♪ ( giggles ) ( grunts ) Esther : Well , what do you think of our news ? - What news ? - Our news . Erik and Anna . Oh , that 's fine . ( grunts ) Oh , honey . You don 't dislike Anna , do you ? I think she 's wonderful and I just love her . I 'm just so happy about this . I Iike her fine . ( grunts ) You know I offered him some money and he wouldn 't take it ? Oh , well , he 's getting married . You know , he 's going to be the big macho man now . Head of the family . He 'II probably never take money from us again . well , I bet if I made it in real estate or cattle ranching , he 'd take it . - ( Esther chuckles ) - What are you laughing at ? Nothing- - well , yes , I am . I 'm thinking of you standing in the middle of a herd of cows . Very funny . ( bangs jar ) - Honey , don 't do that . - ( smashes ) Oh ! Oh , shit . Goddamn it . - Did you cut yourself ? - No . Just leave it . I 'II get it later . Come on over here , my darling man , and talk to me . What 's the matter ? tell me what 's really troubling you . [ sighs ] I took their money . They wouldn 't have paid me so much if they weren 't going to use my knowledge . Oh , no . You weren 't working for them . You were just working at their laboratory . They wanted great scientists to work at their laboratory . It gives them prestige . I knew they were working on pathogens . They were just picking my brain . AII I couId think about was Liza . Listen . That money ... gave Liza 1 5 more years of Iife . It gave her Erik . What if they use it , Esther ? What if they use it and everybody dies ? well , I think you 're going completely crazy . I really do , you know . You are not to blame for everything in this world , no matter how smart you are . And I 'II tell you something else . I 'm taking a little offense at this . I didn 't marry a murderer . I married the kindest , gentlest , most loving man in the world . I don 't think you ever knew just how much I Iove you . I swear , it- - - Esther ? - Ow- - ! - What is it , honey ? - Ow ! - Come on , Esther . Come on . Come . - Oh . No . - Come on , come with me . - I 'm fine . I just got excited . Come on , come on . Let me take you . I 'II take you upstairs . Okay , come on . - One , two , three . - ( Esther grunts ) - Here we go . - Oh ... ! - [ panting ] - Come on . Come on . I 'm okay , really . ( Len ) Well , whatever it is , seven or eight days . When we 're done with the water ... and there 's the tangerine juice , too . When we 're done with everything , then we go up . Even though the radio said eight days . So maybe we only make it seven . But what the fuck do they know , you know ? Air could be clear at six . clear enough , anyway , for me to go up and get supplies and come back down here . - What ? - The last thing they said was ... " 200 million dead in Europe . " So that 's not everybody . Nothing 's going to be left , Len . We don 't know that until we see . Len , nothing 's left . The radio stopped . [ sighs ] There 's no more planes or helicopters . When 's the Iast time you heard anything other than birds ? We 'II stay down here three more days . - And then ... - ( Mia sobs ) - we 'II drive to the marina . - No . [ sighs ] We 'II get a boat . We 'II go out on the lake . - [ sighs ] - And we 'II keep going until we find someone . - I don 't- - - What ? I don 't want to ... wade through a bunch of corpses to go steal a boat to go look at more corpses lying on a bunch of docks . [ sobs ] Even- - [ sniffIes ] even if we did make it , Len , what are we supposed to do ? Do you really want to play " Adam and Eve " ? build it all back up so it all just gets destroyed again ? Maybe people will learn . It 's like that guy who hit you for trying to take care of his kid . It 's like that guy I defended- - great guy , good father , always showing me pictures of his grandson , who helped invent the shit that killed everyone . people aren 't going to Iearn . It 's something in us . It 's something in the way that we 're made . Then at Ieast ... we 'II have more time . At least we 'II go out on the water together . We 'II find a boat with a nice , big cabin . Come on . [ sighs ] Len ? That guy , Jay , from the Iaw firm ? He fell in love with me . I never did anything . I never let him touch me . [ sniffIes ] But I ... you know , I- - I made him think , I guess ... that he had a shot at it . - Why ? - It was just a way to- - Just a way to pass the time ? To feel better about myself , I guess . Why do you need to feel better about yourself ? It wasn 't about you . [ sobs ] It was just my curse . Len . Either we 're going to stay down here like caged animals , Or we 're going to go upstairs tomorrow ... and lie down on the grass . Breathe in ... and die ... when and where we choose . We 'II eat the chocolate bar before we do it , okay ? Okay ? [ playing softly ] [ Anna giggling ] - Oh , my God . - What ? What ? Did you buy this weird soap ? What ? I seriously think I 've found my new religion . Oh , yeah , that stuff . Wait , have you read this ? No . I mean , the writing 's so tiny- - Wait a minute . Listen to this . " Einstein , 1 939 . " After Nazis and Commies united , " proposes ' space bombs " that destroys all " unless we finally teach the moral ABCs . " The real Rabbi HiIIeI taught Jesus to unite all in , all one , God faith . " [ sighs ] ( Iatch clicks ) ( oxygen hissing ) ( hissing stops ) Did you find a pay phone ? ( coughs ) I got some noodles . Just got to add water . And some drinks . And there 's these things- - energy bars . And napkins . I couldn 't find a pay phone . I don 't think they make them anymore . What is this doing on a soap bottle ? And where did you get this ? I mean , it was at the health food store . - It was cheap . - " We 're all one or none . " There is no god but God . " Teach ' Love thy enemy . ' " One IsraeI-Moses - Buddha-Jesus-Mohammed . - One ! AII one ! " - AII one ! " Dilute ! Dilute ! Okay ! " ( giggling ) How about the switchboard ? The hospital switchboard . Or all of these houses and apartments around here . They 've all got to have phones . Esther ... he 's gone . - Erik 's gone . - ( Anna giggling ) Oh , look at this . Read this . " For on God 's spaceship , Earth " - - [ together ] " With bomb and gun , " we 're all one or none . " AII one , all one , all one ! Exceptions eternally ? absolutely none ! " " absolutely none . " ( laughs ) Oh , my God . Why is the most inspiring thing that I 've ever read sitting on a soap bottle ? " dilute . " [ together ] " dilute ! dilute ! " " dilute ! Okay . " [ laughing ] - You don 't know that . - It 's just the way it is . Because he could be with any of his friends . That 's just it , honey . You don 't know it for sure . You don 't- - [ sobbing ] No ! No ! - Oh , oop ! - [ Anna giggling ] No ... [ sobbing ] Oh , God , no . Shh ... [ rustling ] [ rapid footsteps pattering ] [ siren ] Okay , people . We 're closing down shop in two minutes . You 've got two minutes to get your purchases up to the counter . Okay ? - That 's it , man . We got to go . - Come on . 250 . Let 's go . - Come on . - Yeah . Um ... fuck . [ man ] Hey . We 're done , man . Let 's go . I-I gave all my money to- - here , just run this . Yeah , okay , buddy . That 's it . We 're outta here . You 're closing up shop . Just- - just- - you 're not selling any more of these anyway , right ? Don 't be stupid , man . We ain 't giving them away , either . I understand that . Just take this . Here . That 's all I got . It 's all I got . Get the fuck out of here . Get the fuck out now . - Hey . - Hey ! Put down the kit ! It 's the end of the world . Just let me walk out of here with a chance . - Put down the kit . - [ gun clicks ] What ? The last thing you want to do on earth is shoot me ? This is how this shit started , anyway . Right ? That 's how it started in the first- - [ gunshot ] - You ready ? - I 'm fine . Good . If you 're fine , the tests are going to show it . Anyway ... [ groans ] we haven 't seen Dr. Henderson for a Iong time . - Come here . - That 's right . And here I was , trying to cheer you up . Oh , yeah . ( Sachs ) You remember when we lived in Washington , the Georgetown apartment ? Yes , I do . We both got the flu at the same time . Yeah . And I took care of you first . I ran out in the freezing cold , went and got you a nice , big bowl of hot soup . - lt was so cold . - Yeah . And I wrapped you up all nice and cozy in a blanket . Remember ? Then I turned the thermostat up as high as it wouId go . Then it was my turn to baby you . Tucked you in real tight , And I made you some of those awful poached eggs you like . Mm-hmm . It 's been a good life . Yeah , I think so . A good life . [ no audible dialog ] Oh , I forgot to tell you . What ? The best thing in the world . [ Anna , Erik moaning ] I have something to tell you . What ... ? The best thing in the world . We 're going to have a baby . We don 't have to do this . [ sighs ] Whatever we said last night , we don 't have to do it . Not today , anyway . Mmm , mmm . I regret every fucking diet I ever went on . [ chuckles ] Mmm . Come on . Let 's get out of here . [ gasps ] If you have to , if that 's what you have to do ... go , but I won 't . I- - I don 't think we 're going to run out of food . I don 't think we 're going to run out of water . I think that if we just stay down here another couple of days- - - No . - if we go up then , we 're going to be fine . - Mm-mm . - Okay ? - No . - Yeah . Yes ! Yes . Mia ! Don 't leave me ! Don 't leave me . Stay with me . I Iove you , baby , I Iove you . I need you . I need you , I need you . I need you , I need you , stay ! please stay ! Please , I need you . Please ? [ rustling ] [ bird chirping ] [ girl ] Mama , look what I found .
