 Previously on Warehouse 13 ... Artie says that H.G. Wells is actually a ... A woman . I was apprenticed at Warehouse 12 . Then who is H.G. Wells ? My brother , Charles , was the writer . I supplied the ideas . My machine allows your mind to inhabit the body of someone in the past . We 're in 1961 . Uh-huh . Check it out , we 're ... Jack and Rebecca . Oh , I do beg your pardon . Best mind where you 're walking , gov 'ner . Morning lights can play tricks on you . Yes , yes . Mustn 't be late . Oh , weren 't we supposed to meet at the observatory ? Your note said you found the perfect sort of ... I say , what the devil is ... Police ! Here you are mister blue-winged warbler . Doug Varley , you 've done it again . I have to check you off my life list . Oh , mmm . Would you like some whipped cream for your pie ? Oh , naughty , naughty . Mmm . What ? The power 's out and the banana cream pie goes bad . I didn 't eat the crust , just the healthy part . You got to ride in the cherry picker . Well , I was investigating . So , did you find out anything here ? You know other than what warm lemon meringue tastes like ? Oh , actually , Pammy said that just before the power went out she heard kind of like a horn sound . Mmm-hmm . But I still don 't see how it matters . It was just lightning . Is this going to hold up us getting our power back on ? Uh , no , no , they should ... They should have it back up and running soon . Okay . Okay , it wasn 't just lightning . The body was completely disintegrated . Right , and it took half the billboard with it . And what was weird was that the edge of the billboard was worn , almost like it was in a sandstorm . Okay , so something sand-related . Um , Sands of Iwo Jima . Annette Funicello 's Beach Ball . I have an idea , but you 're not going to like it . Frankie Avalon ? Why don 't you trust me ? It 's the kind of thing we should have agreed upon first . Look , each of us should have veto power . Artie would agree with me , right Artie ? One , I have veto power over both of you . And two , the Regents have already decided to allow it so let it go . They said that we can do it ? It is done . You 're right , Myka , I do know what this is . Oh , my . I must have started drinking again because the woman who tried to activate a super volcano with a giant fork is standing here and you 're all acting like it 's a potluck . No , no , no . H. G 's not really here . She 's a hologram . That thing on Artie 's desk is projecting her . Couldn 't hurt a fly . Pretty snazzy if you ask me . I mean if she wasn 't a volcano causing super villain like you said . Look , when H.G. first showed up , I read her files from Warehouse 12 . I remember a case with the same details . You have my word , Pete , my only intention is to help . Oh , because your word means so much around here . I 'm quite glad to see you here , Myka . I like to think I had something to do with that . Yeah , no ego there . It 's a shame Jinksy isn 't here to see the freak show . Oh , is there a new recruit ? He 's on personal leave and ... Hands off ! I don 't know if you heard , I can 't actually touch anything in my current holographic state . How is your shoulder feeling , by the way ? Like you shot it . Technically , you did that . Yeah , moving on . Like it or not , we 're going to have to use her help . The billboard worker is not the first death . Yeah , day before yesterday , a painter disappeared from the top of the Fort Pitt Bridge . The police thought he fell into the river ... No , they 're not going to find his body . The witnesses heard exactly the same noise as that waitress . Did you check the traffic cams ? Bridge was out and we tried to find the links between the victims , locations , witnesses . We got nothing . People are dying , Pete . We need to know what she knows . All right . So here are the rules . You get to enjoy this change of scenery exactly as long as you are helping us . The second that that is over , you go back to your ... Limbo prison ? Mmm-hmm . Understood . Tell us what you know . Righty-ho then . It was , uh , 1893 . Christina had been gone for nearly two years by now . Once again my brother was basking in my glory . Oh , you 're wonderful , Mr. Wells . Oh , you 're too kind . My stories are but the simple musings of a humble man cursed with too much imagination . And terribly good looks . Helena , your brother ... He 's as charming as he is brilliant . I couldn 't agree more . Where does he get his ideas ? Actually , from me of course . Helena . People never believe what you 're capable of , do they , Helena ? Well , I know , you were surprised . H.G. ? Mr. Wolcott . Um , Miss Wells , Mr. Crowley , I came straight away . A curiosity has surfaced . Wait ? A curiosity ? A ping , darling . Oh , I like that . Continuing . It regards the stolen artifact . Then we must go at once . Two agents have already died on this one . I shall accompany you instead of Wolcott . I have more experience in the field . Nonsense . Wooly and I will be fine . Besides , if we spend too much time together , Vincent , people will talk . I 'm dreadfully sorry , everybody , but it appears I shall have to leave you in the hands of my captivating co-host . Well , I shall be more than delighted to entertain the ladies . Oh , Mr. Wells , do tell us about your next story . Yes , Charles , do tell . Oh , well , I 'm afraid you 'll just have to wait . No , really , I insist . Ladies , you must make him tell you . They 're the work of a genius . Yeah . Come , Wooly , you can fill me in while I change . Change clothes ? This way . No dawdling . Details please . What and when ? Um , strange dust seems to be found where the agents were murdered . Bobby discovered it this morning . He heard the tone as well . Location ? Duncan , off Piccadilly . That 's rather public . Our adversary has become quite bold . Something wrong ? No . No matter . I asked the bobby to , um ... What 's that term you use ? Preserve the scene . Knowing how much you like to examine every detail . Come , Mister Wolcott . In the words of my good friend , Mr. Doyle , " The game is afoot . " Thank you , constable . Thank you , gov 'ner . It 's ours all right . Have a look . I 'll take your word for it . Um , are you sure you should be touching that ? How else do you imagine I can determine its origins ? What do you make of it ? Passerby saw something he oughtn 't ? Or perhaps a thief just wanted to test the power of the wall ? No . But I 'm beginning to see a modus operandi . The agents from whom the artifacts were stolen were ambushed . He knew where they 'd be and when . This attack was the same . Only this time it will be his undoing . You speak quite confidently . Because I am quite confident . Well , before you boast that the culprit is undone , it might help you to identify the victim first . I already have . A notebook page filled with columns of dates and times . Schedule . This street is a direct path from the Royal Astronomical Society to the London Observatory . The numbers , astronomical observations . Our victim was an astronomer . Sir James Eddington to be exact . He and I were engaged in a project of sorts . Brilliant man . Sadly his wife never appreciated him . Really , H.G. is there not a man in London who you haven 't charmed ? Oscar Wilde and not for lack of trying . How can you be certain it 's Eddington ? Acetone . Excessive ketones in the blood . Sir Eddington was diabetic . We 're mere hours behind our thief , Wolcott . Eddington was on his way to the observatory . Our man with the horn was out to stop him . All right . Hold on . It 's not ... Here it is . Horn you are talking about ... This . This horn ? Joshua 's trumpet . As in Joshua who brought down the Walls of Jericho ? An ancient ram 's horn that emits a blast of such power ... The noise . That it pulverizes anything in its path . The horn of Jericho was real . The horn inspired the legend of how . And you 've seen it ? Over 100 years ago , yes . Well , someone in Pittsburgh has this now . And people are going to keep dying until we find it . The blast resonates at a molecular level . Hey , Artie ... How far away can this horn be and still blast ? Pete , H. G 's dealt with it before . Don 't act like she 's not even here . You just told me , she isn 't , which is fine by me . We don 't need her . We can find this , ourselves . Artie ? There 's something else that 's familiar about this and it 's not Joshua 's trumpet . It 's something else , I 'm sorry . I just got to figure out what it is and I 'm not sure . Okay , all right , well . Well , Pete asked a good question . You know if these things aren 't drive-bys maybe the blasts are coming from a common location . Hey , give me a range , I can triangulate . 15 , 20 meters at most . Oh , well , hey then this isn 't even the same artifact because no one was close to the guy on the billboard . Well , what if it was modified so it could work from a longer distance ? Let her help . I mean she 's the only one of us who 's seen it . Yeah , 100 years ago . And she 's not one of us . Even if it is the horn , I 'm afraid I might not be able to help . Why not ? Who had it last ? That 's the thing , no one did . What on earth ? Not earth , the heavens . A spacecraft carrying men to the stars . Incredible . Who could have dreamed of such a thing ? Really , Wooly , will you never know me ? Here , Wooly , hold this . Sir Eddington and I were in the process of finding a power source . And it appears someone 's decided the horn would fit the bill . Tell me , Wooly ... Do you know why a woman keeps her diary facing down ? What ? Why ? It discourages prying eyes . What does your diary have to do with anything ? It 's where the thief learned about the rocket before he hired the two men pointing pistols at us . Oh , hello . You 're too clever for your own good , Helena . I had hoped dispatching Eddington would have delayed you long enough for me to finish . Mr. Crowley . This is a turn . What on earth are you doing , Vincent ? You know the dangers of misusing artifacts . Don 't lecture me , Helena . I 'm not your idiot brother . The empire is on the wane . I 've even heard talk of moving the Warehouse to America . That decision is in the hands of the Regents . It isn 't something you can stop . It 's not something that I can allow . England must use the Warehouse to her advantage . Imagine the fear it will strike in all the world when this device comes crashing down in front of the Reichstag . The mere demonstration will secure British dominance for another century . I should never have allowed that glint of madness to appeal to me . Never fails to become a lover 's least attractive trait . I have enjoyed your companionship , Helena . My only regret was deceiving you . Then you have nothing to regret . You knew ? When ? When he killed Eddington . I knew then that the culprit was someone close to me . You might have warned me . He obviously had no intention of killing me , otherwise I 'd be dead already . How reassuring for you . You 've been studying Kenpo . Yeah , well , I 've seen you use it on enough men to fear that you would use it on me one day . No ! I do hope you were flattered by my diary . I do tend to exaggerate a bit , though . Come on ! Tell me , Wolcott , why do so many men prove to be so untrustworthy ? Might I suggest that it is you that brings the devil out of them . Bravo , Wooly . The art of deduction at its very best . After that it was back to the drawing board . Oh . Okay . So you built a rocket in 1893 and what , saved the world from a century of bad English cooking ? You yourself have used my time machine , but a tube that shoots into the air strains credulity ? Okay , so you changed the trajectory . Where did you aim it ? Straight for the stars , I thought . I hoped it would be the last the world would see of it . So if this thing in Pittsburgh is Joshua 's trumpet then what went up , eventually came down . Greenbury , Ohio , 1962 ! Billy , I 'm not easy . Of course not , Peg . I was just ... Hey , let 's go see it , huh ? Oh ! Wait up . Dad 's going to ground me for sure . Bill , be careful . Whatever 's back there , it killed Doug Varley . Oh , Doug probably spotted some prehistoric Dodo bird and followed it up to Sandusky . Whoa Nelly ! William Peter Nelson , you take me home right this instant . Oh , Peg , the Coffey brothers probably built that in their shop for the fair . Good , good . That gave it a little more power . Keep trying until I get their attention . Jack and Rebecca saw something that looked like a crashed rocket in 1962 . And you think it was H. G 's ? The sixties was Sputnik , with the space race . Could have been any number of secret launches . I never read that Sputnik 7 was equipped with a cow cooker . That sounds like mine . It probably is , except whatever this thing was , Jack and Rebecca , they say it was destroyed . Ah , so inconclusive . All right , you get to Ohio and see if there 's any physical evidence left after all these years . We 've got to figure out where this thing is shooting from . I 'll search for living witnesses . Yeah , and see if anybody from Greenbury now lives in Pittsburgh . Is H.G. coming with us ? Wait , wait , what ? So you trust her now ? Well , she has nothing to gain anymore . Nothing to gain ? She 's in some " woo-woo " prison some place . " Quid pro quo , Clarice . " First she wants the room with the view , next thing she 's eating a guard 's face . You do know I can hear you . Oh . Stop . She goes . She has intel . I 've never been to Ohio . And that 's how you turn her off . All right , you take this . And keep going through Jack and Rebecca 's file . If we cannot crack this case in the present , we need all the help we can get from the past . And then the cow was just gone . All right , you drink this down now . Excuse me . Is this the Meyer house ? Agents Secord and St. Clair , Secret Service . We retrieve dangerous objects . We heard you kids saw something . I don 't know what else to say , it looked like a spaceship and it ray gunned a cow . Rose , Peggy , is it true ? Did you see it ? Come on in , please Nora . Uh , this is Doug Varley 's wife and that 's his little boy . You 're from the government , right ? Can you find my Doug ? I 'm sorry , Mrs. Varley , we just don 't know anything yet . I 'm sorry to barge in but I 'm so worried about Doug . Hey kiddo , I 'm Rebecca . You got a name ? Daniel . Are you one of the Mercury 7 ? You got a favorite ? John Glenn 's from Ohio . He orbited the earth . Is that what you want to do some day ? Are you going to fight the space men and get my dad back ? Can I help ? Daniel , go outside and wait . Mrs. Varley , Rebecca and I have seen a lot of strange things , but I 'm pretty sure there are no little green men with ray guns . Tell that to the cow . What ? Re-enacting what those kids were doing out here might give us some insight into what they saw . What a line . Jack , I do love you , but given the way things turn out for most Warehouse agents , are we sure ? Hell , I 'm sure . Okay . Okay . Down boy . Heel . We 'll talk later if the Martians don 't take us away in their flying saucer . I don 't see any Martians , do you ? No , but I 'll bet I see our artifact . Geez , out there is one seriously lopsided goat . Okay . It 's unstable . How do we bag it without ending up like the cow ? Okay . Here 's how it 's going to go . I 'm going to disconnect the horn . And me ? You gaze at me lovingly . Brilliant ! Looks like , it 's sealed with wax . Shall we entertain a plan B ? Yeah . Run ! Well , something took a big bite out of Jack and Rebecca 's car in 1962 . Hey Myks , Jack 's hat . This edging has the same markings as the billboard . Which means that whatever did this is also responsible for the deaths in Pittsburgh . Jack and Rebecca said whatever it was , it vaporized itself . They brought a whole team out here , searched the farm from top to bottom . Still they could have been mistaken . Whoa ! Awesome . Check it out . Astounding Tales . I didn 't take Jack as an Astounding Tales kind of guy . Playboy , maybe . Now those are some astounding tails . One of my short stories is in there . Imagine the royalties . Yes , just what the world needs . A rich homicidal maniac . You could buy yourself a secret island lair and hire someone to twirl your mustache . Now how are we supposed to stop that thing ? Won 't know without a closer look . You ready ? Yeah . All right , I think I can hit it with the Tesla . It might melt the wax . I 'm a better shot than you . Hockey pucks . Kiss for good luck . Okay , well , that was plan Z. You ? Sometimes a bullet is your best friend . You could destroy the artifact . And live to bag others ? Sounds like a fair swap . Where 's the horn ? Wait a minute . Wait a ... Hey , Myks , this trench . This could be a crash site , right ? Sure . Bingo . Brass . Looks 1890s-ish doesn 't it ? Oh ! That 's right . You can 't catch because you 're in scary Regent prison where you belong . No , that joke simply never gets old . This is from my rocket . I 'm certain . Hey Claudia , okay , listen to me , Joshua 's trumpet was here in 1962 . And it 's the same artifact that we 're looking for now . Awesome . Except it 's not quite the same . You were right about someone in Pittsburgh changing the artifact to make it stronger . They just zapped a helicopter out of the sky from a mile up . A mile ? Myks , this guy could be anywhere . Are you sure that it 's the same horn ? Pilots radioed they heard a strange sound just before they lost control . And then they were both killed . You know what , lady ? You are bad news . Whenever you show up , people die , people disappear . One way or another everything turns to crap . You can 't seriously be blaming me for these deaths . I 'm in prison . Surprise , surprise , you 're responsible . Pete , you 're being completely unreasonable . Ooh , " One of my short stories is in there . " The woman ruins everything . Pete , I 'm back . Look , Myka , I just ... No , I came back . It still doesn 't change the fact that ... Okay , I 'm sorry . Me too . Okay , okay , so how did this horn get ... Get from this farm in Ohio in 1962 to Pittsburgh today . Somebody must have been out here that Jack and Rebecca didn 't know about . But , no , Claudia checked though . Nobody moved from Greenbury to Pittsburgh . So how do we find them ? Myka , look at this . That ... That 's a kid 's handwriting . Maybe this book isn 't Jack 's . Jack and Rebecca 's file . Remember there was that little boy who lost his father and he was an astronaut buff . Right . So maybe this is his . He thought they took his dad to outer space . He wanted to come back here to the farm with Jack and Rebecca , right ? So he came in the trunk . He must have picked up the horn and that 's how it got to Pittsburgh . Hey Claud , see what you can pull up on Daniel Varley . Varley . More power . It needs more power . Gliese 581 . Gliese 581 . This time , they 're going to hear me . I love Pittsburgh . They put fries on nachos here . So why didn 't Daniel Varley show up in any of your searches ? As of four months ago Daniel Varley doesn 't show up in anyone 's searches . Dude has just completely fallen through the cracks . I mean it 's kind of hard to find someone who lives in Pittsburgh if they 're homeless . Academically beyond brilliant but socially and psychologically , not so much . In and out of psych hospitals his whole life . I 'm surprised we never met . Yeah , now , when he was functioning , Varley taught astronomy . He volunteered for SETI . SETI , yeah , that 's where the , um , those guys scan the skies looking for intelligent life . I saw Contact . So he 's still obsessed with outer space ? Oh , sorry , guys . Mmm . Oh . Oh , my God . Sorry . Oh ! Oh , nobody wants to see that . Sorry . You know what ? I 'm just going to pretend that we own a big dog . Well , we kind of do . Pete . What ? I don 't want to waste any . Mmm . So , how do we find Daniel Varley ? All right , now , his last job before he fell off the grid , yeah , he was a teacher at West P.A. Tech . Look for Professor Wilmar . Find him . This was Daniels ' office . No one 's had time to clean it up . Ooh . Looks like somebody won first prize ten years in a row . Dan was always troubled , didn 't like people near him . Then this personal project eclipsed everything . Myka , these are sky maps , star charts . My dad and I used to do this stuff . These are all about the same star . What 's so important about G.L. 581 ? Gliese 581 . It 's pretty close to us , around twenty light years . It 's getting a lot of attention , because we think it might have planets in the Goldilocks Zone . Goldilocks ? Not too hot and not too cold . Just right to support life . The internet went crazy over the discovery late last year . That 's right when Daniel was getting worse . Daniel thought his dad was abducted by aliens and now he thinks he 's found them . So he 's going to shoot the horn at the star ? I mean what would that accomplish ? Who knows ? If he is , the locations make sense . Why ? Check this out . Okay , I took all three spots , the bridge , the utility pole and helicopter . Yeah . And I drew lines to where G.L. 581 was in the sky each time . Oh . All three lines originate from the same spot . The SETI facility where Daniel Varley used to work . What 's there now ? Nothing . It was shut down due to cutbacks . Oh , my . That sounds bad . If this guy shoots at that star again tonight , it 'll cut right through . Allegheny Field . In the middle of a ball game . Stay back ! I 'm going to take the shot . I 've warned you . Wait , you 're with the agents , Jack and Rebecca . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , yeah , Daniel , that 's ... That 's right . Jack and Rebecca . They were your friends , right ? This won 't work , Daniel . G. L 581 is 20 light years away . They 've been here . They can see us . I just want them to know I have their device . No . No , Daniel , you 've already killed four people . What ? No , no , no I haven 't . Daniel , you 're a smart guy . You 've already seen what the horn can do . You do this , it 's going to rip right through Allegheny Field . I don 't believe you . And I don 't care . They need to know that I 'm here . To see me . And now they will . No , no , no ! I hacked into the stadium box office . There 's like 40,000 fans there tonight , Artie . Yeah , yeah , I know , I know . I got it . I got it . Yeah , my contact , he can call for an evacuation , but there 's no way in hell he can clear that many people out of there in that short a time . Come on , guys . Daniel , a lot of innocent people are going to die at Allegheny Field tonight . Why would you want that ? I 've waited all my life . These aliens , they took my father from me . Aliens ? Myka , do you still have the sphere ? What ? Turn it on . Trust me . What ? Oh , is it time to berate me more ? This is Doug Varley 's son , Daniel . He wants to know what happened to his father . Helena built the rocket . You 're the alien ? The device is yours ? I built the rocket that carried it here , yes . I 'm sorry about your father , Daniel . He 's gone . I know . Now it 's your turn . Daniel , put the gun down . It worked ! I got you to come here . You killed my father . Now I 'm going to kill you . You want revenge . Daniel , wait . She didn 't kill your father . No . She did . Myka , Pete 's right . His father 's death is my fault . Daniel , I am responsible , but please , you have to listen to me . We 've all lost loved ones unfairly . I lost someone I love , too . For me , it was my daughter . I was so angry , in such pain . I almost hurt a great many people . I didn 't care , just like you . But it won 't make you feel any better . And it doesn 't bring our loved ones back . But please , you have to help me now . This isn 't the answer . Why did you send it ? Why did he have to die ? Oh , Daniel , it was an accident , a terrible accident . It was my job to keep the horn from hurting anyone and I failed . And your father and you , you paid for my failure . And for that I 'm so dreadfully sorry . But no one else needs to die now , do they ? Great . They 're on the way back and they got the horn . Whoo-hoo ! No , no , no , don 't , don 't mess with my chair . Buzz kill . No , it is adjusted to the specifications of my body type . I have a slight scoliosis at the lower part of my spine . It travels down ... Don 't go any lower . Okay . Listen , very nice job . Just clean up that mess , will you ? Hmm . Would I get yelled at if I said it was kind of nice having H.G. back ? Just don 't get used to it . Were you really going to get inside that craft and ride it to the stars ? Eagerly . Well , I might have let Eddington go first as a scientist . How do you do it ? Do what ? Reconcile your two disparate worlds . Bottling up the unknown in Warehouse 12 so it doesn 't destroy us , whilst with your next breath inventing the latest perils ? And all of it with such joie de vivre , despite your misfortune . Look to the future , Mr. Wolcott , and I expect great things . We 're at the dawn of a new age . Would you rather it be greeted by the likes of us ? Or men like Mr. Crowley ? I 'd rather it all slow down a bit , catch our breath . Oh , Wooly , mark my words , the future is going to be a wondrous place . Charlie thinks that rocket was built by this nutty dame . Can 't say I 'll ever understand what was floating around in her head . " Nutty " because she 's a powerful woman , ahead of her time ? Hey , I don 't judge . Something she did landed her here . Seems like every Warehouse agent ends up loony , a bad guy or on a slab . Is that your decision ? It always ends bad , so why get started ? Actually the opposite . Really ? How 's that figure ? The two of us almost dying out there made me realize , who knows how long we have , what might happen on the next case or the one after that . And that is exactly why we should squeeze every second of happiness we can out of this thing . Carpe diem , huh ? Miss St. Clair , I like the way you think . You should feel quite proud right now . Why is that ? Three teams of agents over more than a century dedicated themselves to this case , but you and Pete are the ones who succeeded . With your help . We did make a good team . Didn 't we ? We did . And then you ... I just wish that you would have realized that sooner . So do I. Good work out there . Goodbye , Helena . Let 's go save the world , Lattimer . Whatever you say , sweetheart .
