 This is your one and only warning . Your screen will soon be filled with dramatized stories of scientific research that some people may find controversial and disturbing . Viewer discretion is advised . Ask yourself , does progress always come at a price ? Are some experiments too risky or just wrong ? A little curiosity can 't hurt anyone . Can it ? Dark Matters : Twisted but True 2x01 Lindbergh ; American Nazi ; Suicide Song ; Living Organ Donor Original Air Date on July 14 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Scientific knowledge cannot be unlearned . It has a power of its own . No matter how or why it is obtained , good or evil intentions do not always result in good and evil outcomes , as you 'll see in these three stories of experimentation and unforeseen consequences . I 'll introduce you to a song that is emotionally powerful and memorable ... If you can survive hearing it . And you 'll meet a man whose stomach offered a window into the wonders of human biology . His doctor couldn 't keep his hands off him . But first , meet an all-American hero whose quests to extend human life led him down the path to Fascism . He wanted the power to save lives , but did that give him the right to decide who deserves to live ? At the age of 25 , engineer Charles Lindbergh aims to become the first man to fly solo across the Atlantic . The gifted pilot and engineer has helped develop a new plane to do this - - the Spirit of St. Louis . In 1927 , Lindbergh was a mail pilot . He learned that there was a $ 25,000 prize being offered for the first person to make a transatlantic solo flight . This was an extraordinary amount of money , because this would be an extraordinary feat . It was unheard of - - an unheard of distance . 3,500 miles of open ocean - - no place to land . Any error , any mistake is a death sentence . Six men have already died in the attempt . But alone in the clouds , Lindbergh feels invincible . There were times in an aeroplane when it seemed I had escaped mortality to look down on earth like a God . When Lindbergh makes it to France , he steps into the history books . Even he couldn 't have predicted that 100,000 people would turn out on the airfield outside of Paris to greet him , that he would , in fact , become the most famous man on the planet . It was an achievement of both his endurance and skill as an aviator and also his technical skill as an engineer . The young pilot is idolized and honored like no other American . Lindbergh is the most famous man on earth . He 's Time 's first man of the year . He can 't walk down the street without attracting a crowd . He 's a celebrity to end all celebrities . Two years after his transatlantic flight , Lindbergh uses his fame and his engineering skills to attack a problem infinitely more challenging . Can he beat death with engineering just as he conquered the skies ? Elizabeth Morrow is Charles Lindbergh 's sister-in-law . She developed something called rheumatic fever , which is an infection that can result in damage to one of the heart valves . In the 1920s , there was no solution , so people eventually died of heart failure . Look , I 've been thinking . All humans are like machines , really . She 's not a machine , Charles . No , no , of course not , but I can fix a machine . It 's really not difficult . She has a faulty valve , so we replace it . I do it all the time . You don 't need an - - you can 't fix this , Charles . Lindbergh is an engineer , and he thought of the heart as a pump . In fact , that 's what it is . The heart is composed of four chambers , separated by valves , and the purpose of the heart , which is a large , thick muscle , is to contract and to push the blood forward from one chamber into another . Each of the chambers are separated by valves , which close and open in synchrony so that the blood is pushed in one direction . So , essentially , Lindbergh was correct . The most famous man on the planet has no trouble getting an appointment with world-renowned French biologist Dr. Alexis Carrel . Sit . Carrel is already tinkering with the way living things work . Say , what 's that ? I 'm breeding a race of heroic mice . I plan to use these methods to create humans who can jump 20 feet in the air and live for 200 years . Lindbergh wants to fix people as he would a machine . Your ideas are interesting . But surgery turns out to be very different from the engineering Lindbergh knows about . It won 't work . Why not ? Suppose you had a damaged part in one of your flying machines . How would you fix that ? I 'd pull it out and bolt in a replacement . Exactly . To mend a human heart , you need a spare one to bolt in . If you 're serious about this , that 's the first problem you have to solve - - how do you keep the spare parts alive ? This was a problem close to Carrel 's heart . Carrel was a surgical genius . He had done organ transplantation on a dog years before meeting Lindbergh . Carrel 's idea was that he wanted to have organs available off the shelf for transplant when they were needed . Now , while Carrel was able to keep the organs alive , the problem he had is that they all eventually died from infection , and this was a problem that Carrel could not solve . If you could build a mechanical pump that didn 't get infected , could you ? Keep a human heart alive ? In theory , indefinitely . Because , you see , as you might have heard , I 'm good with machines . You would have to be better than good . I am . Lindbergh and Carrel had a very interesting interaction . They were two strong , complicated men , but they became like a father and son , like a mentor and mentee . They got along very well . Lindbergh wants to save his sister-in-law , but Carrel wants to change the world . The weak , the disabled , the fools - - what is their value ? With a little help , the strong and intelligent persist instead and so create a super-race . Just to be clear , you and me are in that camp , right ? Lindbergh builds a pump that can move life-giving fluids around an organ . This is one of Lindbergh 's original pumps . Because it is made entirely from glass , it can be steam-sterilized , preventing infection . Using Lindbergh 's pump , they succeed in keeping a cat 's thyroid alive for months . They believe the technique should work equally well with human organs . But it all comes too late for Elizabeth Morrow . She dies in December 1934 of heart failure . You can 't fix this , Charles . You can 't fix this , Charles . But Lindbergh has a new reason to continue . Carrel 's ideas of preserving the best in society have captured Lindbergh 's imagination . It 's called eugenics . The strong are given females to impregnate . The weak are devoured . Lindbergh was becoming increasingly enamored of the idea of eugenics , the notion that there were superior and inferior people in society . In Nazi Germany , it had been decided that Jews and gypsies and homosexuals were inferior people . To Lindbergh , these rational ideas make perfect sense . He has no idea of the horrors that await him . Charles Lindbergh is working with Alexis Carrel to extend human life , but his elitist ideals have led him towards Nazi Germany . Given his interest in eugenics , it 's not surprising that Lindbergh actually considered , for a while , actually moving to Berlin . And he and Carrel shared a number of these eugenic ideals and with a faith in a society run by superior beings . But in so doing , Lindbergh actually went much further than Carrel did . Carrel may love eugenics , but he hates the Germans . To him , they 're nothing more than warmongering thugs . Carrel actually detested the Nazis , even as he shared Lindbergh 's ideas about the importance of superior men running a society . The outbreak of World War II intensified their opposing positions . The Germans are going to win , anyway . Aren 't they already the super-race we are both hoping for ? Super-race ? The Nazis ? I don 't think so . They love war too much . But Alexis - - They have invaded my country ! Sorry , Charles . Carrel abandons their research and returns to war-torn France . In support of Nazi ideals , Lindbergh begins a high-profile campaign to keep America out of the war . But on December 7 , 1941 , Germany 's ally attacks America . Lindbergh 's pro-Nazi stance is now untenable . Lindbergh asked to rejoin the military but was publicly banned from doing so by the President , who called him " unpatriotic . " So he went to work with Henry Ford instead , helping to build the B-24 Liberator bombers . He kept on badgering the military , however , and was eventually granted permission to fly about 50 combat missions . Morning . By the end of the war , Lindbergh has earned back the trust of his fellow Americans . U.S. War Department asks the brilliant engineer to examine the super-weapon of the future - - rockets . Lindbergh was sent to Germany to investigate the factories that produce the V-2 rockets . Lindbergh visits Camp Dora , where V-2 rockets were manufactured by slave laborers - - those the Nazis considered inferior . If you adopt a eugenic approach to society as the Nazis did , you have to make decisions about those individuals that are acceptable and those that aren 't acceptable , those that are considered bad . And this is what the Nazis did . They took all of those degenerates , those bad individuals , and they eradicated them in order to conserve their resources just for those people that they considered to be eugenically pure , good individuals . This is the ultimate reality of the eugenic principle . Lindbergh is confronted with the true consequences of the eugenic ideals he has supported . He had gone , expecting to see the future of machinery . What he found instead was death . He saw the furnaces that incinerated more than 25,000 of the slave workers who were there . The smell was overpowering . It was the same smell . There was the same smell of the smell of the mousery in Carrel 's lab . It was the smell of the strong devouring the weak , the smell of fear , cruelty , and death . Oh , God ! The choice of who should live and who should die is one he no longer cares to make . He turns his back on eugenics and never speaks of extending life again . Don 't you hate it when a song gets stuck in your head ? But what if that song was more than just an annoyance ? When police encounter a cluster of corpses , their clues point to a washed-up circus performer who has turned his hand to songwriting and has somehow created a song that can kill . Throughout human history , great artists have moved us with their dreams , their desires , the deepest suffering of their souls . But when one song becomes linked to 18 suicides , you have to ask , can a work of art do more than just touch us ? Can a song make you want to die ? Warning - - listening to this song could be extremely hazardous to your health . A new craze is sweeping across the Hungarian capital - - suicide . One suicide is tragic . Two - - a coincidence . But 3 , 4 , 18 individual suicides is bizarre . Detectives discover something they all share - - music . " Gloomy Sunday . " A song that can kill ? Is music really that powerful ? They are very few things shared by every human culture , but the ones that we find everywhere are language and music , which suggests that there 's some fundamental connection between music and the way our brain functions . Recent research has found that uplifting music affects the limbic system in your brain - - the emotional center - - releasing endorphins , which makes you feel good . So this connection between music and the functioning brain is quite profound . The story of the suicide song begins six years earlier , when Rezso Seress falls from the high wire . It ends his career in the circus . To make ends meet , he plays piano at a restaurant called the Kispipa , said to be the coldest in central Europe . Hey , László ! Life still wonderful ? Ilka . Ilka has left me . I know . That was six months ago . Lost love , poverty , failing health - - these can be found anywhere , but Hungary in the early ' 30s has a particularly rough time . The great depression hits hard , anti-semitism is on the rise , Fascist politicians come to power . Against this backdrop of personal failure and communal fear , Rezso begins to compose his infamous song . But when he plays his first attempt to his friend ... What do you think ? ... poet László Jávor is not impressed . The lyrics are a little distant . Yes , yes , but ... " My tears and sorrows are all in vain . " Mm-hmm . " People are heartless , greedy , wicked . The world is dead . " What ? Well , don 't you want a bit more of a hook ? A love story , maybe - - something to make them bite . If I want to make them bite , I would become a dentist like my mother told me . I want to make them weep . I want them to hear me call out from the Siberia of my soul . László writes new lyrics to make the song even darker than Rezso 's depressing first attempt . They call it " Gloomy Sunday . " This is the original English-language sheet music for " Gloomy Sunday . " In the song , a man invites his dead lover to come to his own funeral because he killed himself because she 's dead . So it 's a sad song . And that 's before you 've even played a note of the music . But when the song is released , the deaths begin . " Gloomy is Sunday . " With shadows , I spend it all . My heart and I have decided to end it all . " These are the lyrics police discover on one suicide note . " Soon , there 'll be candles and prayers that are sad , I know . " Let them not weep . Let them know that I 'm glad to go . " In another suicide , a record of " Gloomy Sunday " is on the player . And victims dragged from the Danube are found clutching the sheet music . " Death is no dream , for in death , I 'm caressing you . " With the last breath of my soul , I am caressing you . Gloomy Sunday . " It 's not just the lyrics that affect people 's minds . The music itself can be equally dangerous . Research has found that music can have a profoundly negative effect on our emotional state . Unpleasant music triggers the posterior cingulate cortex , which is right here . In brain scans , this area lights up when people are confronted with emotional pain or situations of conflict . And so , there 's a suspicion that we may be relating discordant music with negative speech . And " Gloomy Sunday , " by accident or design , hits all the right notes . This song is written in a minor key , and that 's very important . A major key sounds like this . Very warm . Studies have shown that the frequencies in a major key are similar to our voice when we 're talking in an excited way . This is what a minor key sounds like . Slightly sad and melancholy . Studies have shown those frequencies are very similar to our voices when we 're depressed or sad . So this song pushes many depressing buttons . In fact , it 's depressing just talking about it . Is this song so bad it inspires suicide ? Or is it so good that people are overwhelmed by emotion ? How many more might die if it is ever released around the world ? One song , " Gloomy Sunday , " is linked with 18 suicides in Hungary alone . Now it 's gaining worldwide popularity . The song took off internationally . It was covered by major artists in Britain , in France , in the U.S. , even in Russia and Japan . But it was when the American and the British press began to make the connection with the spate of suicides that deeper concern arose . Reuter tells of a Hungarian who has written a song called " Gloomy Sunday , " which is so dispiriting that 18 people are said to have committed suicide after listening to it . Scientific research suggests that suicides can be contagious . It 's known as the Werther Effect . The effect goes back to 1774 , with the release of Goethe 's book " The Sorrows of Young Werther , " which is a novel about a young man who commits suicide . After the release of that book , the number of suicides went up unexpectedly . In fact , back in 1962 , when Marilyn Monroe took her life , the number of suicides after that event went up 12 % , which doesn 't sound like much , but that 's about 303 additional suicides . With the flames of World War II fanning out across Europe , the BBC bans " Gloomy Sunday , " citing concerns over morale . In America , they are less cautious . Billie Holliday records what will become its most famous version . Despite the international controversy , Rezso earns a fortune in royalties , waiting for him in a New York bank . But he is stuck in communist Hungary . His other works , such as " Waiter , bring me the bill " and " I love being drunk , " are flops . How could he convince the Communists to let him go to America and collect his money ? He could always try playing them his hit record , " Gloomy Sunday . " A warning - - listening to this song could be extremely hazardous to your health , so you do so at your own risk . ♪ My heart and I ♪ have decided to end it all ♪ soon , there 'll be candles ♪ and prayers that are sad , I know ♪ ♪ let them not weep ♪ let them know that I 'm glad to go ♪ ♪ death is no dream ♪ for , in death , I 'm caressing you ♪ ♪ with the last breath of my soul ♪ ♪ I 'll be blessing you ♪ gloomy Sunday Rezso never gets to leave his country . And " Gloomy Sunday 's " lethal power does not appear to have affected the world . Hungary was uniquely suited to a song that could kill . It was released during the Hungarian depression , and its gloomy lyrics and music had effects on the brain that we are only beginning to understand . And Rezso could not have inflicted " Gloomy Sunday " on a more suicide-prone country . In the 20th Century , Hungary has had the highest rate of suicide . From 1978 to 1995 , the rate was 40 out of 100,000 people committing suicide . For comparison with the U.S. , the rate was 11 . The story of Rezso Seress ends with one more victim of suicide . Destitute and depressed , in 1968 , he jumps from the window of his Budapest apartment . Perhaps Rezso also fell victim to the curse of " Gloomy Sunday . " For most people , surviving a gruesome injury is a lucky escape . But what if cheating death means becoming trapped in a living hell ? One man endured a life of pain and constant experimentation at the hands of a doctor more interested in furthering science than the health of his patient , a patient transformed into a human test tube . People sometimes donate their bodies after death for the training of doctors . But suppose medical science was after your body while you were still using it . Imagine being held against your will so that your personal anatomy could be endlessly violated for the benefit of a doctor 's career . In the War of 1812 , surgeon 's mate Dr. William Beaumont needs only two things ... Keep ' em coming ! ... a saw and a sewing kit . Through . Take it away . During the Battle of York , Beaumont spends two days amputating limbs . Hang in there , son . Not one of his 200 patients dies . But nine years later , in peacetime , Dr. Beaumont meets a wound like no other . Put him down . Put this under his head . Lift him up . He will later refer to it as " magic . " Can you tell me your name ? St. Martin . Ale- - ale- - Alexis St. Martin . Good to meet you , son . This is gonna hurt now , but we 're gonna fix you up right . Alexis St. Martin has been accidentally shot by a hunter 's musket . The hole it leaves in his side changes his life and the course of medical science . It 's as bad as anything Beaumont 's seen in war . A large portion of his side was blown off . Several organs were lacerated . There was a perforation in the stomach through which breakfast food was escaping . It was an altogether miserable and hopeless case . With Beaumont 's help , Alexis St. Martin survives . Morning . Doctor . You 're doing well . Be up and about in no time . I can get back to work , then ? Well , now , hold your horses , son . Your body 's good and strong , but you know as well as I do this wound in your side ... I don 't know . I 've never seen the like . It just won 't stay shut . St. Martin was able to survive his injury , which was a gunshot wound to the abdomen , because he developed what 's called a gastrocutaneous fistula . What happened is he was shot with a bullet that went through his skin , the fat , and the muscle of his abdominal wall . That bullet wound actually then entered his stomach , which is here . Now , as his injury healed , the stomach and the abdominal wall scarred together , leaving him with an opening through his skin into the inside of his stomach , which meant that when he ate , he actually had to put a plug or some gauze over the hole to prevent food from coming out . Beaumont takes Alexis into his home and cares for him . From a certain angle , he can see right into the fistula and actually watch food being digested inside Alexis ' stomach . That is truly astonishing . That is miraculous . Nobody in the history of science has observed digestion inside a living , breathing man . Before this time , people really didn 't know what was happening inside the stomach . Was it chemical ? Was it mechanical grinding ? Was it a crushing effect ? As Alexis recovers , Beaumont employs him as a handyman . Good day . I chop wood . I do a woman 's chores . It 's not a man 's life . The hole in Alexis ' stomach traps him in an unfamiliar world . St. Martin was really an outdoorsman . As a voyageur and a fur trader , he was used to carrying his canoe over rapids and around waterfalls . He traded with the native Americans . He was a man who was used to living under the open skies . Despite numerous attempts , Beaumont cannot close the hole . So he comes up with an alternative career for his patient - - guinea pig . It 's just a couple of tests . They 'll cause you ... no discomfort , no pain . What about going home ? I 'll introduce some samples into the wound and - - And do what ? Learn about the gastric system . Alexis , you don 't understand . You 're a medical wonder . No . I 'm just a canoe man . The guides at the dock already have enough names for me , thanks . No , I don 't want to . You 'll be furthering the course of medical science . But you cannot fix me . So , what about going home ? Have I not nursed you back to life ? Have I not cared for you at my own expense for two years ? It 's just a couple of tests . Beaumont 's notes on Alexis ' injury become the beginnings of a book on the gastric system . When Beaumont is reassigned by the military to upstate New York , he takes Alexis with him and begins experimenting inside his patient . Now , hold still . Essentially , he has a finger-sized hole leading directly into his stomach , so digestive processes could continue to happen and he could watch it . So , one experiment , where he tied a piece of meat to a string , put it directly into the fistula , which is in the stomach , and pulled it out over time to see what would happen - - so he was essentially watching digestion happen in real time . Stomach juices are largely composed of hydrochloric acid . What Beaumont observes is much like this burger dissolving in a beaker of acid . In a few hours , it becomes black goo . This process happens inside your body every day , but Beaumont finds that meat put directly into Alexis ' stomach is digested even faster than in a test tube . So there 's something extra , other than just acid , that 's digesting the meat inside the stomach . Fascinating . Beaumont is seeing enzymes at work - - proteins that speed up digestion by the stomach acid . The notes for his book are full of groundbreaking science . Let 's try some of this . So , tell me , Doctor , if you could close the hole , would you ? Well , now , look , son , there 's just so much to learn from it . So I thought . Well , it does not matter . You cannot fix it anyway , can you ? You cannot fix me . Why do I need a doctor ? Son , this is changing science . You are changing science . This does nothing for me . You cannot make me better , can you ? This is for your learning , that is all . What about Alexis St. Martin , Doctor , huh ? Of course , if I was better , you 'd have no more science , would you ? Alexis is no longer Beaumont 's patient . He is a human test tube who will make the doctor famous . Doctor William Beaumont is experimenting on a man 's stomach through a gruesome hole known as a gastric fistula . But something keeps getting in the way of Beaumont 's relationship with the fascinating hole - - its owner , his patient , Alexis St. Martin . How much longer , Doctor ? Well done . Good work . Hey . Hey ! Up here . I 'm a man , not an experiment . Of course . At the time , there was no contract for a patient to be protected or rules under which science had to be done . As a result , what was happening was a relationship between the physician and his patient , and an unequal relationship , because the physician had much more to gain from these experiments than his patient did . Beaumont did not immediately start experimenting on St. Martin . He did try for months and months to close the fistula . But failing to close it , he had an unparalleled opportunity , and I think some people would have argued that it would have been unethical not to take advantage of this kind of natural experiment . It ain 't so bad . All settled in ? Oui . Alexis needs money when he gets married . He 's forced to work with Beaumont to help support his wife . Hello , old friend . Beaumont continues his experiments , investigating how food breaks down inside the body . He records the effect of Alexis' changing moods on digestion . Stop pulling at it . Could you stop ? I told you to stop pulling it ! Just one more sample . He notes that irritability seems to inhibit digestion , but that was not all he discovered . Beaumont also studied the effects of temperature on digestion . He found that food digested more quickly in warm gastric juice as opposed to cooler gastric juice . Now , this was breakthrough science at his time . Today , we understand that this is because chemical reactions proceed more quickly when the temperature is higher . Beaumont is gaining valuable data for his book , but Alexis has had enough . He runs away to Canada . It takes Beaumont a year and a half to find him and persuade him to return . He won 't let his medical miracle get away again . He enlists Alexis into the army , where the punishment for desertion is death . Welcome back , Alexis . Once more , Beaumont gets his hands on Alexis ' gut , which he now calls " old fistulus . " So , what Beaumont wants to know now is whether there 's a difference between eating food naturally versus simply putting food in his stomach , and he tries this with many different foods - - mutton , oysters , pork - - to see what the differences are . And what he finds is that chewing food through the mouth is digesting faster than putting food directly into the stomach . And the difference here is that food is being broken down and that enzymes are being released in the mouth , which allows the digestive process to happen faster that way . Put this under his head . In the 10 years since Alexis came into Beaumont 's care , Beaumont 's discovered more about the human digestive system than any scientist before him . But Alexis ' life has become intolerable . Will you wait for me outside ? Following the death of one of his children , he leaves for what he says is a short trip to Canada . See you in a month . Oui . Alexis will never return . Beaumont 's bird has flown for good . Though his human test tube never returns , Beaumont decides to publish his groundbreaking book anyway . Despite being unable to continue his research , Beaumont had hit the jackpot with his book . He had figured out that digestion was a chemical , not a mechanical , process , and his diet tables continued to be used as his book became the authoritative source for the next 100 years . He had become the father of gastric physiology . St. Martin , by contrast , had a rougher go of it . After so many years of being somebody else 's guinea pig , he was ready to get on with his life . Alexis St. Martin escapes to his beloved Canadian wilderness , where he lives to the age of 86 . The hole in his stomach never closes . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
