 Robin . Look at me , Robin . Do you believe , when I say I love you ? How long has this been going on ? 24 years ? 25 ? I 've always been there for you . Always , in any situation . Through all your choices , all your fears , all that ... enslavement to your anxieties , I was there . All the irrational walkouts , always when shooting was just about to start . " Do me a favor , Al get me out of this , get me out of that " " Get me out clean , without burning any bridges . " " Aaron needs me at home . " But Aaron is just an excuse . Lousy choices . That 's your whole story , Robin - lousy choices , lousy movies , lousy men , friends you couldn 't trust . Even the one thing you can 't choose , your mother , you make a lousy choice there , too . You had it all , Robin . A movie queen at 24 . All the big studios came crawling . Maybe I was too soft on you , like everyone says . I don 't know . Maybe I really was . But ... But you were just a kid . And you were scared . And you made the choices , you made them all on your own . And you slammed all the open doors , crushed all the dreams . And now ... Now ... And now , what , Al ? Talk to me , what are they offering ? I have no idea what they 're offering , I wish I knew . The called this morning and yelled at me for 20 minutes , about how they 're sick of us . They said it was a " final offer " , that this proposal won 't be on the table again . That 's what they said , " It won 't be on the table again . " And what do you think it is ? How on earth would I know ? One thing I do know : they won 't be back . They never spoke to me that way , Robin . Ever . Sorry Al , but Mom , I think you need to go now . What happened ? Airport security called . No pressure , same as usual . Aaron ! Ms. Wright , next time the kite goes over the property fence , you know what 's going to happen . I know , I know , I 'm sorry , it 's not going to happen again . So what was that , Aaron ? United 435 , from Rochester ? Actually , no . What was it then ? Uhm ... United , but not Rochester . Let 's see ... Wednesday , 6 pm ... Fort Lauderdale ? Oh . I know , Minneapolis . That 's not what matters . - What matters then ? That the wind was blowing from the west , that my lady flew like a queen over the runways , and , that it looked like a match made in heaven . I thought that any minute , they were going to unite . Those colors ! That red , that white , and the black clouds . It was really powerful . - Ok , but guess what ? It 's not going to happen anymore , you know that , right ? - Why not , what do you care ? Because , he 's not going to go there , that 's why it 's not going to happen . Alright , because the next time the line goes over the fence , we 're going to have to pack up everything in the house we 're going to have to move to a lousy neighborhood in the city , where there will be no sky for you to see , or kites . - I 'd rather live in some lousy neighborhood in the city than this shithole ! Yeah , well that 's not new . - You know , I saved you today . - You saved me , from what ? From Al 's proposal . What was he offering you so sweetly ? Tell her , Mom . - What did he offer ? I don 't know . I don 't know . Sci-Fi ? Graphic novel ? Holocaust ? I don 't see why you won 't do a Holocaust flick ? Every B-grade actress that does Holocaust wins something , and ... you could play both sides . What do you mean , both sides ? Well , look at you . Nazi , and victim . You 're multi-purpose for a Holocaust flick . You know what ? What ? You could even play a collaborator , if they needed one . How many actresses have that kind of talent , these days ? Yeah , I remember , I remember when you first came to the studio . I was a young number-cruncher , down the hall . And everybody said " Here she comes , " " She 's beautiful , she 's sexy , she 's got brains , power , nobility , modesty , wildness , fantasy . " And she 's one of us , goddammit . She 's from Texas ! She 's not some actress who comes from the middle of Australia , that grew up on some distant farm , that had to run 100 miles to get to the closest movie house , where the projector runs on bunker fuel ! I remember standing in the hallway , watching you walk in . And you were so beautiful . You were " Princess Bride " , " Buttercup " . I imagined switching your face for that of Grace Kelly 's , on " Rear Window " poster . That was a good idea . You were the future , Robin . You were promise , the answer . You were the whole package . And now , I 'm ... I 'm in this situation . Exactly what situation are you in , Jeff ? The situation of offering you the last contract that you 'll ever have . The last ? Already ? I 'm not even 45 . Yeah , well things are changing quickly . Very soon this whole structure that we all love so much will be gone . What stru - you mean , Miramount ? Miramount ? Heh heh , no no , heh heh , God forbid ! I mean the structure around the actor , the agents , the managers , all the trappings , the trailers , the drugs , the coke , the depression , the break-ups , the lovers , the sexual kinks , the broken contracts , the terrible legitimization of tasteless scripts , the post-failure blues , the skipping out on PR , the begging for forgiveness . All that can be gone . You get my drift ? No , not really . We at Miramount want to ... want to scan you . All of you , your body , your face , your emotions , your laughter , your tears , your climaxing , your happiness , your depressions , your fears , longings . We want you sample you , we want to preserve you , and we want to own this ... this ... this thing , this thing called ... " Robin Wright " . And , What will you do with this thing , that you call " Robin Wright " ? We 'll do all the things that your " Robin Wright " wouldn 't do . Like what ? Like , all the movies that you missed out on because of your lousy choices . You gave in , you gave up , you fled , you quit . God knows what you did ! And you did it at the last minute , and you you clogged our productions , and you cost us millions ! How old are you ? What difference does it make how old I am , If you 're going to create me at any age on your computer , What difference does it make to you if I 'm 16 or 60 ? It doesn 't . I need Buttercup from " Princess Bride " . I need Jenny from " Forrest Gump . " I need ... What was her name ? from " State of Grace " ? That 's who I need , I don 't need you . I need you only for your history . My history paved with lousy choices , you just said so yourself . Yes , yeah - for the last 15 years , yeah sure , All your movies tanked , not one could keep its head above water . But I can save you , Robin . - I can save you . - From what ? For yourself ! For yourself ! You knew about this ? Knew about what ? About all this crap that he 's offering me ! Oh he doesn 't know anything , he still thinks that cameras run on Bunker fuel . on what ? Uh , bunker fuel , that 's crude oil . Never mind . He 's from the stone age . Robin . Your career is almost over . You fell off the top a long time ago . In the economy of scanned actors , you 're not worth two bucks . We 're at war , Robin . Any actor who hasn 't signed in the next 6 months is dead . Gone . Characters erased from the screen forever . You 'll be back , on all fours , begging me to sample you . And , and ... What is it that I have to do , to make this happen ? Nothing . Just sign . Half a day of scanning . - That 's it ? - That 's it . That , and you must agree never to act again . Anywhere , for all eternity . What do you mean " anywhere " ? No movies , no TV shows , no school plays , no fringe theater in western Australia , " anywhere " means anywhere . Robin Wright , the actress will live and breathe within the walls of Miramount Studios . And this Robin Wright can take the money and fly off to some island in Polynesia and discover her true self . Whaddya say ? You know , it 's interesting . Umm ... We actresses used to talk about how we never wanted to sleep with you for a part in a movie but you know what , honestly I think I 'd rather do that than be a fucking chip in your computer , Jeff . So thanks . But , no thanks . The offer 's valid for 30 days . After that she 's on her own . How do you feel , sweetie ? What 's up ? Just tired , I guess . You wanna try and fly the Wright Brothers glider ? No , she 's not ready yet . So maybe one of the Codys ? I don 't know . I missed the 2 o 'clock landing . What 's wrong ? Hm ? - You look sad . - Do I ? - Yeah . Why don 't you fly one of the Cody kites ? - Me ? - Yeah . - I don 't think so . - You can do it . - No . - What ? Just the little one . C 'mon . You 've got to try her for once , alone . You 've gotta see what it feels like . I 'll be there to watch your line , so it doesn 't go over the fence . Don 't want to get kicked out of this place , do we ? Sarah , get it . Me ? Did you ever see someone come to visit me here ? Alright , here , hold this . Is it okay ? You could have called , Al . What good would that have done ? You haven 't answered my calls since the meeting with the studio . This is Steve . He 'll draw up your contract with the studio . He 's a scanning contract genius . Keanu Reeves , Michelle Williams , he did their contracts . They 're hermetically scanned . Hi . Hi , nice to meet you . Hi , kids ! Oh , thanks . - You wanna drink , Al ? - Sure . - Would you like a drink ? - No , thanks , no . That 's cool . It 's a real glider . Yeah . Wow , thank you . This is beautiful . Hey . And who is this ? This is Steve , a new lawyer I 'm working with . Scanning contracts genius . This is one hell of a warehouse you guys have here ! Oh no , it 's not a warehouse . It 's an old hangar for the DC-9s . It was built in like , 1973 . Wow ! I mean , you could never get a 17 gpz permit to do a residential conversion like this these days , that 's for sure , heh . Scanning genius , eh ? Well , I happen to have seen on the Entertainment channel that studios are starting to sample actors into these tiny little computer creatures . I mean , it must change the way contracting works , completely . That 's absolutely true , uhh ... Sarah . Yeah , that 's absolutely true , Sarah . It 's a completely different type of contract , it 's a one-off sale . Very tricky , lots of details , and you have to be sharp , 'cause there 's no going back to fix it afterwards . Mm-hm . What do you mean by a " one-off sale " ? Well , once they sample you , and you 're in their computer , there 's no way back ! So , whatever was agreed before the sampling , that 's the way it is . So you have to be really careful . The studio owns the character . - Wait , what character ? - The one that used to be the actor . " Used to be " ? The minute the studio pays , and scans , the actor isn 't an actor . He 's just a person , a nobody . And the actor he once was , is from now on a character , in the studio 's computer . The studio can do whatever they want . Unless the lawyer puts a clause in , saying that they can 't . So , it 's very tricky . Very tricky . It 's a new field , we 're on the cusp ! - So what happens to the actor ? - What actor ? The one that used to be the actor , and is now this computer creature . He goes off to play golf somewhere . And what if he doesn 't like golf ? Well then he plays , with whatever . Do you have a screen in this house ? Or is that too progressive for you guys ? You know what , there 's something else I haven 't told you . - Oh yeah ? - Yeah . - What is it ? What haven 't you told me ? They 're going to be here in 15 minutes , so get it out . What ? Oh my God ... You were with Maria too . Oh , say it , you piece of shit . Say you were with her too . I knew it honey , I knew it the whole time . The way that little creep seduced you , oh ... Oh my God , Max . Max , it makes me want to vomit . No , I wasn 't with Maria . - Oh no ? No ? Well then , who ? - I wasn 't with anybody . But ... I voted for Bush . What ? Maxie ... You v - You voted for Bush ? I voted for Bush . And you know what , I voted for both Bushes , Senior and Junior , four times ! Oh my God , Max . Max , sweetheart ... Who are you ? Oh my God , who did I marry ? Sweetie , sweetie . Heh , heh , heh . Heh , heh , heh . That isn 't Michelle . That is Michelle ! No , I mean obviously it 's Michelle , but ... you 're telling me she wasn 't there when they did this ? If you really wanna know ? She was in Paris when they were making that crap on their computers . I 'm shocked . I mean , it 's perfect . Perfect ? No . But it 's not bad at all , for the beginning of the revolution . Notice anything ? Look at those morons ! They 've been trying to solve that bug for 3 years . I don 't find that funny at all . Well , ok - just wait until you see that wink in the sex scenes . It 'll crack you up . That 's hilarious . Yeah , mom ... you gotta admit it 's good stuff ! Don 't be so harsh , technophobia never got human nature anywhere . So , you 're with them now ? Hmmm , you switched sides ? Oh come on Robin , drop the hypocrisy . It 's not like anything has changed . They came , they took , they created a crappy rom-com , just like they 've been doing since the 40s . Do you think it 'd be any better for her , or for you , if she was stuck on the set for six weeks ? Like a dog ? Kissing some actor with bad breath ? No , I 'm just saying - You don 't have a problem with the fact that they didn 't ask her ? When did they ever ask you ? You were always their puppet . All of them , the Producers , the Directors , they told you what to do , they told you how to behave , how to act , how to smile , how to love . And they gave you the subtext for every fucking crappy line they churned out . And when you hit 35 , they told you how to look young . Because if you didn 't do what they wanted you to do , shave off a couple of years from that beautiful face of yours , you would ... cease to exist , for Christ sake ! So , what 's the difference ? The fucking choice ? Yes , the fucking choice , Al ! What are you talking about ? It is the gift of choice , that is being taken away . I don 't want somebody else deciding when I can be what I want to be ! I wanna decide , that 's my choice ! To decide if I want to be a hooker , if I want to be an opera singer , if I want to play Keith Richards . That 's my choice , not theirs . You 're delusional ! What kind of choice was it , when they stressed you out , saying that if you didn 't work for a year , you would cease to exist ? That 's a choice ? All the women who were facelifted to death and can 't smile or show pain or emotion , that 's a choice ? That 's just staying on as their tools , don 't you get it ? We 've been saved , by some miracle through these fucking computer samples ! We 've been saved ! You 're nuts if you don 't take that deal . I swear to you , you 're a basket case . And everything they say about you is true ! About your terrible fucking choices ! Wake up , Robin ! This is your gate to freedom . Hey , Aaron ? Whatcha doing ? Aaron ? - Hey ! - Oh ! How 's it going , my friend ? - Yeah , everything 's good , Dr. Barker . - Good . Any new sky monsters ? Uh , yeah I ... look , I have the real thing now . The original Wright Brothers . - Oh wow , look at that . This the glider ? - Mm-hm . - Wow . - That 's December 17 , 1903 ? - Yeah . I built a replica . It 's exactly like that , but ... 15 feet wide . Yeah , she 's about to make her debut . Very good . You know , when I think about it , you must be part of the Wright Brothers . The third one . Aaron Wright . I 'm the original Wright brother . I build better than them , because , you know I build in the world of jetplanes and spaceships . It 's totally different . And you know , don 't forget they had no competition . Yeah . C 'mon . Siren . Silent . Glove . Love . Kite . Kite . Hear . Fear . Car . Far . Remember Aaron , you , just repeat the words . - Yep . - Ok . Table . Able . Sky . Sky . Parade . Afraid . Shell . Fell . Would that be a sign of decline ? Well , it 's too early to say , but It looks as if he is deteriorating steadily in terms of his hearing loss , yes . Train . Pain . Throne . Alone . Storm . Warm . And in terms of the opthalmologist report , uh well , that is not terribly promising either . He 's definitely moved into the retinitis pigmentosa stage . Is that , um , a long ... drawn-out way of saying something horrific ? Well , that is a very long expression to say that , uh his visual fields are constricting . eventually , his night sight abilities will decline dramatically , and there will be total night blindness . And then what ? - Well , that is - Dr. Barker ? Yes , sir ? Could we please play the , um , volcano track again ? The volcano track ? Thank you . Yes , sure . ( indistinguishable ) ... and then allows the listener independence of mobility . And the other 50 % ? Is Aaron in that 50 % ? Well , that is the mystery with this syndrome , right ? You will never know until he 's 30 or 35 ... if he will be completely blind . Look , Robin , Aaron has a beautiful mind . He is taking the information in and translating it as he will , it is a gift . He hears " Throne " says " Alone " but he is perfectly aware of what he is doing . Now imagine what movies will be like in 50 years . I think that this is ... somewhat similar to what Aaron is doing . - In what way ? - In the way that ... The movie guys will just have electronic stimuli that our brains translate according to what is in our subconscious . See , people will be given story data and they 'll cast their mother , or their girlfriend , as Marlene Dietrich , or you . All depending on what is in their particular box . And this is exactly what Aaron is doing now . He 's a rare case and he is ahead of his time , by God knows how many decades . But what about you , my friend , how are you ? - Okay . - Yeah ? Any new parts on the horizon ? Yeah ... I think so . Whatever happens , let Steve do all the talking . Robin Wright for Jeff Green . Ms. Wright ... I didn 't recognize you . What else is new . You okay ? Yeah . " No child abuse , no sex , only a love story , betrayal , romantic comedy ; No retards , mentally handicapped , no porn ? no Holocaust , no Nazis ? " You marked this up ? You better believe it . What are you , some sort of swastika freak or something ? - No , it 's not him , it 's my kids . - It 's her kids . Your kids is Nazis and porn ? Porn ... at your age ? Porn ? Anyway . Nazis and Holocaust bring in awards . Awards for who ? For your computer artists ? Nice , yes , they 're computer artists now , not just technicians . Robin . Look , this is just all ... details , it 's trivia , it 's minutia . I 'll agree to everything , except this Sci-Fi bullshit . No Sci-Fi , Jeff . Sci-Fi 's a dumb genre , in our opinion . She 's never done Sci-Fi before , and she 's not going to do it now . Well , if she 'd done one Sci-Fi , this contract would be worth six times as much ! No Sci-Fi , no contract . Then , no contract . Why ? Why , Sci-Fi is fantasy . Do you know how many people read " Lord of the Rings " ? One thousandth of a single percent of the people that went to see the movie read the book . And you wanna know why ? Because it 's one hell of a complicated read , that 's why ! It 's a nightmare to get through ! It 's boring ! Did you read it before you made the movie ? Ha Ha ! Are you kidding ? But I saw the movie , and that 's why we make movies . - Ah , but that 's not what I wanted to say . - What 'd you want to say , Jeff ? That I want to make you young , forever . That 's what we 're gonna do . Now , Robin How old are you ? 45 ? 48 ? 50 ? 44 . Sign the Sci-Fi , and I guarantee that I 'll make you 33 , 34 , forever young , I promise you . Forever young . 33 or 34 ? - Which sounds better ? - 32 . Greedy ! That 's greedy ! 34 , and we 'll seal the deal . For life . Well , you know , in some countries , life sentence , means 20 years . In what countries ? - Middle East . - Middle East ? They 're fuckin ' animals over there ! 20 years for murder ? 20 Years . In 20 years ... this technology will be as old as the invention of the boomerang . - 20 Years . - Okay , great . Can we do it now ? What ? This thing that you need to do to me , can we do it right this second ? Cause , I really , I don 't want to wait another day I want to do it now , or never . Robin Wright . - Aren 't you ... ? - Yes , it 's me . - Chris , Christopher Ryne . - Yes . What are you doing here ? I 'm your scanner . C 'mon , don 't feel sorry . The other guys are at home , doing nothing . You were such a great cinematographer , so many great movies . Thank you . You know what , at least I get to work with actors , and ... light . I 'm lucky . To be able to meet you , at work . It 's just like the old times . And ... I 'm also lucky , to get to tell you to ... take off your beautiful dress . There 's a changing room right down the hall , to your right . - Good to see you . - Great to see you . Chris ? Hello ? Anybody here ? Yeah , I got you , Robin . Just make yourself comfortable , we 'll start in a minute , ok ? I don 't wanna miss any of your charming expressions , here princess . Now smile . Wider . You 're happy . Happy . Now laugh . Big laugh ! Can we hear you laugh ? Yeah . C 'mon , gimme a big laugh . Big laugh ! Yeah ! Now , the laughter ... slowly ... slowly ... turns ... to emptiness ... blankness ... to sadness . I can 't , stop . I don 't ... stop . Stop ! Turn off the lights . Chris , I got it . - Gimme a minute . - Ok . Robin , did I ever tell you how I got into this business ? The agenting business ? I mean , the real story ? Of course I never told you , I was probably too embarrassed . Can you believe , I 've been in this business since I was ... 10 years old ? A fifth-grader ? An agent in the 5th grade ? Lemme explain . We had this guy in our neighborhood , in the Bronx . " Joey Fairy Tale " , we called him . He was this , um ... You know ... How should I put it , umm ... He was born with a tail . A real tail . We 're talking , an inch ... Maybe two inches . Like a boxer dog . And ... From the minute this came out , in gym class , he suffered the most horrible abuse . I can 't describe to you what this kid went through , an 8 year old boy . They would strip him down in the street singing songs to his tail . Kids would stand outside his window at night , and yell : " Hey Joey , gimme a ride on your tail , I want to stir my chocolate milk ! " So , one day , I go up to him , before school , I had this idea . I say : " Listen , Joey . " " From now on , Anyone who wants a go on your tail , that 's a buck ! " And he looks at me , and goes : " Really , Al ? " " And what am I supposed to say to them ? " " Tell them Al said so ? " I was a ... scrawny kid , hunched over , a reject . Not exactly the Bronx wrestler type . So that night , I went to the Twin Towers . I mean , the Bronx Twin Towers : The Podlowsky brothers . Remember Podlowsky ? Started shaving at 10 . And at 13 , they were dating 40 year old divorcees . So I tell ' em about Joey Fairy and I offer them 50 cents for every kid who wants to see his tail . They take the tail shifts and manage the line , and I do the booking , I collect the fees . That month , I made more dough than my old man made as a shoemaker all year and I was 10 years old ! And from then on , the business took off . By age 13 , I was agenting for all the losers . The cripples , the midgets , and the fire-breathing hunchbacks of the Bronx . Within 2 years , we were the richest family on the block . But ... when I was 15 child protection got on my case for abusing handicapped kids . And I did three months time . And then , after many years I wound up in this town . And it 's all glitz and glitter and I was ashamed of my past . But deep inside , I knew I had an advantage over all others the power to recognize a flaw , a weakness , a defect and to exploit it for my needs as an agent . And ... And , that 's how I met you . You were perfect for me . As lovely as an angel and with the worst defect an actress can have . Fear . Such fear ! Real terror . Terror that stands in the way of every desire . Panic attacks before every critical meeting . Paralysis when faced with truly great roles . And I was there to help you . I was the inner demon that lived off your fears and made a living off your weakness . But then the kids came along and all of a sudden , you stopped being scared . You 'd never been so happy , you just didn 't want to work anymore , you wanted to be with them . I 'd never felt so abandoned . That 's when I realized ... I 'm not your agent , I just love you . I was afraid you were going to leave me . And then all of a sudden , in the space of a few weeks , Aaron 's condition started going downhill . And my strength was rebuilt from your weakness . And Aaron grew further and further away and we were left alone . And now you really can 't leave , trapped inside that monster . This is your last performance . And I guess it 's your biggest savior . through all the fears , all the demons . You didn 't deserve that . You didn 't deserve it . Welcome to Abrahama , Ms. Wright . Is this your first time with us ? It certainly is . I see you 're expected at the Miramount Abrahama Hotel , as a distinguished guest of the Futurist Congress . That 's a pretty good looking car , for its age . What year is it ? 2013 . Just a reminder , Ms. Wright . Abrahama City is a restricted animated zone . The only way to leave the animation zone , is when we meet again , on your way out . Your ampule . " In the age of spiritual machines , where the streets have no names . The Earth is covered with rage and shame . Agent Robin is back again ! " " Triple R. " " Rebel Robot Robin Street Fighter . " " Now , in the air ! " Good Afternoon , Ms. Wright . Welcome to Miramount Hotel Abrahama . The City of Abrahama and Miramount Nagasaki welcome you to the Futurist Congress . We would like to remind you that Abrahama is a fully restricted animated zone . " Agent Robin is back again ! " " Triple R. " " Rebel Robot Robin - Street Fighter ! " " Now , in the air ! " Hi , Aaron . So I see you 've left your room . You feeling better ? No , it means it 's stopped raining , so I can walk without being afraid of slipping on wet leaves . So , how does it look ? Oh my god , I wish you could see me animated , it 's pretty sick ! It 's like a genius designer on a bad acid trip . How do you mean ? Oh my god , I dunno , I look like ... a combination between Cinderella on heroin , and an Egyptian queen on a bad hair day ! Mom ? What ? Do they recognize you at all ? I mean , the new film is out , it 's all over the air . No , nobody sees me . I 'm an old lady to them . Probably because you 're animated . No , they never recognize me anyway . Welcome to the Wrights . No one 's recognized me for 30 years . Aaron , you know what , I can barely hear you in this crowd . I 'm going to go up to my room for a while , I 'll check in later , ok ? I love you . Robin Wright , personal guest of Miramount Classic . Wright , Robin . You are the sixth one today . The sixth what ? The sixth Robin Wright . I guess they didn 't look as " Robinish " as you do . Anyway , Ralph will see you to your room , Ms. Wright . Have a pleasant Congress . The Animated Zone ... Ms. Wright , do you think that the new film , " Street Fighters " , Reflects our lives in any way ? Um , yeah I do , I mean , You know , I find something new in this character " Agent Robin " every time I do it , Like now , in the " Street Fighters " production , you know , the the robots that come from the gutters , they 're so much a part of our lives , they 're , they 're close to us . Because people buy household robots and they ... basically just suck the blood out of them , and then they just use them up and they expire . And , the poor robots , you know they used to have rehab centers for them , and now they just ... they use them as scrap , it 's so sad . And ... I don 't know , people call " Triple R " Sci-Fi , but I just say ... it 's Documentary . - Thank you ! Room Service ? Hello ? Can I have Room Service ? Yes , Ms. Wright . How can I help you ? Uh , the lights went out in here , the power , everything 's off . Does that make sense , or or is this just in my mind ? Ultimately , everything makes sense and everything is in our mind . What would you like to order , Ms. Wright ? I want a full breakfast , just , 3 eggs , um ... and hash browns and toast , please . And to drink , Ms. Wright ? No , I 'll skip the liquids . All types of liquids ? Yes , all types . How long will that be ? 2 seconds . How would you like your eggs , Ms. Wright ? Over easy , but will the yolks be soft by the time they hit the 100th floor ? But of course , Ms. Wright . That 's exactly why we at the Miramount Hotel Abrahama invented the supersonic elevator . Ralph , is it dark in here or this just in my mind ? Everything is in our mind . If you see the dark , then you chose the dark . My god ... Oh my God , it 's in the water ! It 's in the fucking tap water ! Jeff ! Jeff Green , can you hear me ? Can you fucking hear me ? Stop ! Stop ! I 'll sign ! I 'll sign . I 'll sign . Just stop fucking with my head ! Please stop . I 'll sign . If it be your will that I speak no more And my voice be still as it was before I will speak no more I shall abide until I am spoken for If it be your will Are you Robin Wright ? Yes , at least I used to be . Miramount Police ! You went too far . You know we 're busy making you a star . Next time we 'll shoot you . Fucking whore ! Arrest her . Now ! Ms. Wright , Mr. Green is expecting you in his office . Hi ! So you 're here too , huh ? You and I are the only ones who survived . And who are all the rest ? Characters , they invented . What 've you been doing all these years ? I was with UNICEF , handing out food to the hungry kids of Africa . And you ? Taking care of my son . Robin ! Robin , Robin , Robin . Wow ! Wow . You look fantastic ! Animated , I mean . Well , look who 's left . Just you and , uh ... what 's his name , sitting outside , uh ... Uh , that guy 's one thing . He cost me a fortune , but you ? I paid 2 cents for your contract , and here you still are . 20 years later . What 've you been doing all these years ? Feeding hungry children in Africa . Huh . They still have hungry kids there , huh ? Well , not so many , thanks to you . So , tell me about this Congress , Jeff . Why is everyone so ... stressed out ? - Oh , well you 'll see in a while . - What will I see ? You see Robin , pretty soon this whole structure will stop existing . Structure ? What do you mean , Jeff , this ? The Miramount Classic , Miramount Hotel ? No , no , no , not Miramount Hotel . I mean , this whole structure won 't exist . The script writer , who needs his antidepressants , The Ex-Russian storyboard artist with a drinking problem , the animators always behind deadline , and those idiots who fall in love with their computer characters special effects people , they can all go and fuck themselves ! Movies are old news , Robin . A remnant of the last millennium . As you will very soon find out upstairs in The Futurist Congress , Miramount Nagasaki is entering a new age . We 're in the era of free choice ! And what does that mean for the extension of our contract ? The contract is no big deal . Just a 20 year extension , and one other , uh , little clause . Mm-hm , and what 's in this other little clause , Jeff ? That from now on ... they can drink you . Or you can be eaten in an omelette , or or a crème brûIée . You see Robin , from now on , you 're ... a substance , that 's all . You 're a chemical formula that Miramount Nagasaki 's brilliant pharmaceutical department has cracked . And people can ... can drink you , in their milkshakes and imagine you the way that they like . Everything ? Yes . " Everything " , means everything . Drama , Little Red Riding Hood , extreme art-house , porn , comedy , Sci-Fi , trash , zombies . What do you care ? Now tell me something , Robin now , when you fantasize alone , in bed , in the dark , uh , do you pay him ... or her , royalties ? You 'll sign anyway , Robin . Oh yeah , and why do you think so ? Because you might have sold your image as an actress , but the actress never left your soul . You drove all this way just to be on stage for a single moment of fame . To be seen , after all these years . And you will sign for the same reason . Ladies and gentlemen . Look at us ! For God 's sake , look at us ! Can you believe that a tiny mini-ampule manufactured at the Miramount Nagasaki labs made this neo-God creation , hah ? Well , I 'd say if you 're here , you 're a believer . My friends , I came here to declare that our great , great scientists at the Miramount Nagasaki labs have recently cracked the chemical formula of free choice ! I , Reeve Bobs , President of Miramount Nagasaki , here declare that as of tomorrow that genius free choice formula will be out in the market accessible for each and every human being ! Now just imagine ! Life with no frustration . No jealousy . No ego . You have a dream ? Be your dream , for god 's sake ! Ladies and gentlemen , It is an extreme honor for me to invite to this stage the everlasting symbol of the Miramount Nagasaki revolution . She used to be our finest actress then she became the best-ever digital actress : Agent Robin ! And as of tomorrow you can be her ! Feel her , be with her ! Robin Wright ! Look at me . They call me the symbol . I used to be an actress . And then I was a pile of computer code . And now as of tomorrow , you 're going to be able to drink me , you can become me , by drinking a milkshake . Wake up , people ! Wake up ! Behind every chemical compound you invent and use , there is a person built exactly like you . From the same material . the same loves , the same dreams . Wake up ! This is my son . He can barely hear , he 's deaf . And you could have been his hope . All of you . Did you ever think to direct your chemistry research to his problem ? Or to hundreds of millions of other children ? [ heckling gets louder ] Did you ever ? I just want to remind you of one thing : that if you think that by releasing your chemistry to the world you 'll dictate how we desire what we desire I just want to tell you , by doing that you 'll be releasing your conscience as well and your conscience will devour you . And you 'll die of guilt . You will die of guilt . Look at me ! I 'm your prophet of doom . Look at me ! Friends ! You 've gone too far ! Don 't you get it ? Just imagine ! Tomorrow when you leave Abrahama , you will never know that you left it ! Because from tomorrow on Abrahama will no longer be a looney tunes playground , Abrahama is going to be our life ! We should go back inside . Robin ! It is Robin , right ? C 'mon ! Let 's go . Now ! Breathe . breathe deeply hold it in as long as you can . Come on . We need to get down below , I feel it coming up . - Do you believe them ? - Of course I believe them ! We 're already trapped in our animated characters . Sarah . Sarah ! Sarah ! - I think I saw Sarah . - You probably did . It 's just like her to be one of the rebels , you should be very proud . How do you know who Sarah is ? How do you know ? I know a lot more than you can imagine , Robin . Ok , clear out ! I 've got a badly injured woman here ! I said we have a woman with severe head injuries here , what 's wrong with you people ! ? She has irreversible hallucinogenic poisoning , now who 's giving up their seat ? I suggest we draw straws . - Who are you ? - I 'm from management . - What management ? - Hotel management . Everyone here is hotel management . It 's powerful important people . Sit . Come on , Robin . Stay with me . Robin , I need you to stay with me , this is very important . Listen to me . Don 't sink , don 't give up . Stay awake , please . I want to see my son . I want to see ... This is his first time , alone at home . Yes , as soon as we can , I 'll connect you . Stay awake , please . Robin , tell me about Aaron . Are you Robin Wright ? - Yes , why ? - Miramount Police . Come aboard . Come . Give her more oxygen , we need her alive ! Why keep her alive , if you can manufacture a thousand dirty old ladies like that whore ! You fucking whore ! Look at what a stunning old lady she 's turning into ! No surgery , nothing . She 's a clean cut ! you can 't manufacture that ! We need her , keep her alive . - How far from the hospital ? - We 're already there . Aaron ! Who are you ? Dylan . Dylan Truliner . - Do you work for them ? - I used to . Until this morning , when they ... declared the Futurist Congress Revolution . I 'm the animator who moved you on the computers for 20 years . Head of the Robin Wright department at Miramount . Your body , your face , your smile , your sadness ... that was my whole life , for the past 20 years . Tell me more . I was an unemployed animator , and they put me on the Robin department for the first film , " Triple R , Strike . " I was ... lost . Why ? Because I had no clue who you were . I 'd never seen you in anything . I had to research you . Obsessively . What was there to research ? Where you come from , where you went . Texas , the all-American Girl , tight jeans and boots . after ... that week , I came ... and pitched them the lasso idea , I had a little illustration drawn in pencil . The rebels ! They 've taken over management ! - What management ? - Miramount Nagasaki . They take over the management floor and stopped the chemistry flow . We 're going to be real again ! How do I know if I 'm dreaming ? Do you know what my dreams are ? Robin ? Robin ? Can you see my dreams ? 4 cockroaches playing poker on your lap , is that a dream ? Yes , but it 's not mine . Did any of you think about me that whole time ? About what I went through , after I sold myself ? Well , I was ... obsessed with you for years . - With her , not with me . - For me , it 's the same thing . At some point , I was dried up . I was afraid they 'd take you away from me give you to some ... upcoming young genius . I - I went looking for you , all over California . I needed new ... movements . A different sensuality , things a woman gains with age . Target on 70 zero point 3 miles . Over . Bomb hatch dis launcher , over . Bomb hatch dis launcher , over . Hey guys . Lemme go down there and take care of this situation . Where is everyone ? They hallucinated themselves out , to freedom . Where 's Dylan ? Oh , he went with the flow . Why am I the only one left ? Because you fucked up again . What exactly was going through your mind when you got on that stage ? What do you mean ? You invited me , you said I was the symbol . A symbol ? Symbol of what ? The chemical revolution , Jeff , you said . You 're not a symbol , you 're nothing . The symbol is what we created of you . Robin , look at yourself . Does that look like a symbol ? It was suicide what you did out there on stage . You left us ... no choice . How would you like it ? Bullet to the head . One . But quick . as quick as possible , I just want to get out of this hallucination . After all these years , it 's time you knew that this isn 't a hallucination . This is our lives , Robin . The following case is particularly interesting . The patient , whom some of you might know , was an actress once . I forget her name . She suffered severe hallucinogenic contamination during the Abrahama uprising . For some 4 months now , she 's been convinced that her life , everything she 's experienced , is all a hallucination . It was so extreme , that when the rescue forces reached Abrahama , to put a bullet in her head . She 's a lost case , hopeless . So much so , that we 've decided to freeze her . With today 's advancements , our liquid nitrogen can easily keep her frozen for 70 years . Bring her down . Aaron ? Aaron ! Aaron , you heard me ! You heard me calling you ! Yeah , Mom . I heard you , of course I did . What 's so weird about that ? And now for the weather . The Weather Company apologises for the lack of complete symmetry in the rainbows for the past 2 days . On the other hand , symmetry contradicts art . Robin , You must release your mind from the thoughts . I don 't understand . What ? I was supposed to wake up in the distant future . It 's like bringing a diver back from the bends . You have to start as far away as possible , with the things you know from childhood . This is the setup we chose for you . The early 1980s . But now , Robin , you have a visitor . Do you feel ready for him ? What are you doing here ? I waited for you . For me ? Yes . For the moment when you could be ... thawed . when medicine could advance enough to fix you . You waited for me all those years ? Yes . I was the last person to see you , And I had a responsibility . I see Sarah is fine . She was saved from the Abrahama revolt , whatever that means . And now they 're looking for ... my Aaron . This is Aaron 's original DNA listing . I 've been looking for him for a very long time . Since I knew they were about to thaw you . And ? There 's no sign . No trace . I don 't think he 's with us any more . What do you mean , " not with us " ? What do you mean , in this world ? Or that he 's not alive ? What are you saying ? What are you saying , that he 's - he 's dead ? It - it 's much more complicated , Robin . The world today is unlike the world you came from . To find Aaron , alive or not , we have to go on a very long journey . But do you think there 's a direction ? There 's a clue ? I hope so . But we have to start somewhere . I 'm here to take you out into the big city . No one told me For how long I 've been frozen . Could have been a year , could have been 20 . Time is now a subjective matter . You decide in your mind when day breaks . or when the moon fades . After a while , you probably lose the numeric calendar as we once knew it . " Look at me , I 'm the softest . " New York is now a city of suspended gardens that reach the sky . The wild colors , they strike you full force and the people , they 're so beautiful , they 're so young and radiant . Exuding serenity and beauty , and sexuality . There 's no more ego . Thanks to chemistry , we 've been redeemed . There 's no ego , no competition , no violence , no war , no strong or weak , no secrets . Everyone is ... what they are . Everyone is what they want to be . And while they consume their new personality , they spread in the air those pheromones that your mind translates into an image . There is no way I can imagine Aaron in this world . This street holds the wisdom of a thousand years . A year ago , when I was consuming Greek mythology I woke up half-man half-god . I impregnated one of Zeus 's daughters , I , I birthed an entire city and then I fucked the city , and then I burned it , and I punished it . It 's all about feeling . You just make a choice and you feel whatever you want . What do you choose , Robin ? Usher Syndrome . Um , what level of Usher Syndrome ? I think it 's Type 2 . Um , why do you need this ? are you researching someone ? No . I 'm missing someone . May you build a ladder to the stars Climb on every rung May you stay Forever young Somewhere , out there ... is Sarah . She 's a naturalist now . No no no , no , don 't ... Don 't , it won 't do you any good . You 'll never be able to recognize her and she won 't ... won 't know who you are , anyway . But trust me , Robin , she 's happy . She 's one of the only people who still brings children into this world . May you build a ladder to the stars Climb on every rung May you stay Forever young Forever young Forever young May you stay Hey hey Forever young Forever young Forever young May you stay Hey hey Forever young What if I don 't want to take part in the chemical party ? Then you 'll realize very soon that you can 't , because you won 't be part of this world . And where will I be ? On the other side . What 's on the other side , Dylan ? Truth . And who is on the other side ? The ones who didn 't pass over , who aren 't taking part in the chemical party . And of course , everyone who operates the world , you see here . Have you been there ? - No . - Why not ? Because I don 't know if you can get back . It 's like coming back from death . Maybe some have , but we 'll never know . Then send me there , and I 'll tell you what it 's like on the other side . Do you have a way to send me there ? Yes . Is it at home , the substance ? It 's ... not a chemical cocktail . It 's kind of a ... a ... white-out that deletes all the chemical influences in a second . And the truth ... comes right out . And where is it ? What ? It 's like the cyanide capsules the Nazis had , in case of surrender . When I left the old world , I took one . It was my compensation from Miramount Nagasaki that 's what I asked them for after 20 years of work . This little capsule . I want it . And if your son comes back while you 're gone ? And if he 's there ? What if he 's on the other side ? That 's more likely . This is all I have left . Robin , if you take it , you 're leaving , you 're leaving me . You can 't do that , not now . Then come with me . I can 't , the capsule is only strong enough for one person . It 's your choice and I 'll give you anything you want . I love you . Robin , I have always loved you . I loved you for 20 years , when I didn 't even know you , and you were my entire world . And I loved you for 20 more years , when I waited every hour of every day for you come back . Promise me you 're not going to look at the real me . Promise me you 'll remember me this way . I promise . I love you . Are there any doctors left in this world ? Yes , there are . Where are they ? Up above . Excuse me . Could you tell me where I can find an ENT physician named Dr. Barker ? Sure . His cabin will be at the end of the corridor . I knew you 'd never cross over to the other side . Don 't be so impressed that I 'm still here . Being here , on this side of the truth is not so brave . Well , uh , Robin . Nothing has really changed , has it ? Once , we just masked the truth , with antidepressants , drugs that , uh concealed , lied . Now , we reinvent the truth . Uh , not such a big difference . The drugs have just gotten much , much better , ha ha . And , is there no choice ? The only choice , is between waiting for death , here in this filth of truth , or hallucinating , over there . Maybe it 's better over there , dreaming . And Aaron ? Aaron waited for you here all those years . 19 years he waited for you to come back . His condition got worse and worse , and uh ... he was almost totally blind by the end . But he ... he didn 't cross over . Even though I told him to . I begged him to , because I knew that I wouldn 't be here forever to help take care of him . Six months ago , he crossed over . He 's someone else now in the world of chemical fantasy , over on the other side . 6 months ? It 's uh ... Exactly 6 months ago . He just broke down , Robin . I think he thought that I was going to die and , uh ... he no longer believed that you would ever come back . Basically , there is no way to find Aaron . Here , he doesn 't exist . And on the other side , there is no way of knowing who he is now . But you can still go back there , and that 's something , too . It 's better than waiting for death . And on this other side ... Yeah , what about it ? Can I go back to where I came from ? There is no such thing as the place that you came from . You invented it . You will go where your mind and your chemistry will take you . And after your experience here that will be a place in your consciousness completely different from any you have been to before . Your past is dead , Robin . I 'll fix you an ampule . And then I will call the kite . Do you know where you 're going , Robin ? Yes , I know . [ sound of heartbeats ] Aaron ? Aaron !
