 The last fragment of a once living planet . Its body blasted into dust by the madness of its own inhabitants , while its head was cursed to roam aimlessly through time and space , screaming in pain and sorrow . In legend and in fact , it is known as Metal Hurlant . Metal Hurlant Chronicles 2x05 - Second son My friends and companions , I hope you have appreciated this repast . Now , we shall have ... Some fun . My sons Byron ... And Tybalt ... Will entertain us . And they know better than to disappoint me . How could we be your sons if we weren 't up to the task ? Right , brother ? Right . Then , show our guests how much we appreciate their company . It will be my pleasure . As always . Be my champion , and show me how skilled you are . Some of my skills I 'll show you in private . Come on , brother . Let 's renew our battle again . Shall we begin ? You do so enjoy these games father makes us play . Hard to answer that without sounding like a complete ass , but ... Yes . I do . And I will continue to . For what is there not to enjoy about winning every time ? You 're always so sure of yourself , brother . One day , your arrogance will be your downfall . I look forward to see that day . Sadly , though ... I don 't see any improvement . Come on , Byron . Are you even trying ? By Aethon 's teeth , you really fight like a milkmaid . Forgive me , Lady Laerana . I had hoped Byron 's swordplay would prove entertaining ... Not a danger to your lovely dress . Not at all , my prince . Tonight has been quite entertaining . Tybalt . I demand you show me the respect I deserve . The respect you deserve ? Father ? If it pleases you , I will end this fight in eight moves . Now , this is entertaining . Does anyone care to place a wager ? We are ready . You may proceed . It 's a fight I can win . One ... Two , three , four , five , six , seven ... Eight . He killed him . And once more , I have defeated my younger brother . Well , my friends , if you 'll excuse us . Tybalt . Aren 't you forgetting something ? My apologies . The excitement of my victory made me forget my manners . Forgetting my sword like that . My lord ... An emissary from the Techno King has arrived . The Techno King ? Greetings , King Tobias . I , 7.3 , have been sent here as a representative of the great Techno King to inform you that his rebirth process is now complete . And because of this great event , I am here to investigate , by the demand of our lord , the possibility of renegotiating our agreement . Investigate ? Proceed as you wish . Acknowledged . Beginning investigation . Verification in progress . Investigation results are negative . This castle has a curse upon it . At least , it is a curse for me , Some might call it a blessing . Or the grace of magic . Renegotiation still impossible . Retreat in progress . Please enjoy the rest of your day . Well fought , brother . Don 't patronize me . You think I 'm weak . You 're right , brother . I 've seen better fighting at the Commoner 's tournament . Enjoy the rest of the night . I 'll try . Within these walls , no wound is fatal . Only the elderly die on the castle grounds . My father , King Tobias . When he will die , his eldest son will take the throne . Tybalt . Do not be so hard on your younger brother . You 're right , father . I should know better than to expect so much from him . Yes ... This castle 's enchantment is definitely a curse not a very interesting night after all . My brother is still a wuss , and the Techno King still makes trouble . How do I know your busts aren 't more empty temptations ? I know everything a man like you needs . I can still remember ... The first time . It was in an alley of the castle . Oh , I 'm sorry , my lord . No , no , no . It 's my fault . I was thinking about this game that my brother wanted to play . My lord ... The game begins . That 's better . It was his first of a long series of kills . From that moment on ... He would bully me on any occasion he could . If I 'm right , this potion should give me quite a burst of energy . Good , Byron . Ah , you 're not like your brother , who thinks about women , not about alchemia . you can 't win every time , brother . you 'd like that to be true , wouldn 't you ? Dear brother . Have a nice death . Burning . Like my blood is on fire . Byron . This shall be awfully painful . My prince . You should not be filling your head with so many dark thoughts . Then tell me ... What I should be thinking of . My body is a reminder of every painful death my brother 's caused me . And my own father encourages it ... With his desire for entertainment . We both know that everything has got to end one day . For our sake I hope that it 's soon . For our sake . I don 't know if I can do it . He is cruel , but ... To kill my own brother ? I mean , really killing him . For good . You must not lose faith . We 've talked about this for so long . Why does he hate me so ? My dear prince , You are so naive . He knows that you are his better . That 's why he 's so cruel . Despite his physical strength , your interest in the outcome of life , politics and spirituality , makes you far more a potential leader . Do you believe that ? Yeah . Believe me , my prince . It 's more than obvious . But there is more to it . I 've heard ... He intends to send you away . Truly ? Are you surprised , Byron ? You are the greatest threat to his place on the throne . But we are brothers by blood . You mean the very same blood you 're splattering everywhere each week when you are killing each other ? But being banished ? It is him or you , Byron . Fortunately , you have me . And he does not . As you know , I paid a visit to the alchemist who likes you so much , and was able to secure one of his amazing elixirs . After the banquet , I will visit him tonight , and pour this into his wine . The apothecary assured me that even the strongest man will become quite compliant . Laerana ... You make my mind come alive with possibilities . Tell me ... What kind of torments do you want me to do to my brother ? One does not kiss and tell , my prince . Come and drink with me before we get into bed . I don 't need alcohol to celebrate my victory , when I have you . Are you adventurous ? A bed is not the only place where we can enjoy ourselves . He won 't be able to resist joining me for a midnight ride outside the castle . I 've been here waiting for you . Well , here I am . I am sorry , brother . But it 's either you or me . No , no , no ... Oh , Tybalt . What have I done ? You disappoint me , my son . Father ... When Lady Laerana told me of your scheme , I would not believe her . Now , I can see she has spoken the truth . Seize him now . You knew my plan . You let me kill my brother . For a moment , I was actually scared . I should have known you would fail at this too . This was once the tower of the wizard who enchanted our castle during the time of myths . The tower fell into neglect after he died . But his enchantment remained within this place . Until today , this secret was only passed down from king to eldest son . that is why we sign our treaties here . It is neutral ground outside the castle , but its magic affords protection against treachery . You are perhaps my son , Byron , but you plotted to murder the crown prince . The punishment for that crime has stood for centuries . We will take you back to the castle , where you will be tortured to death every day for the rest of your life . Out of my sight . Laerana . You were to be my queen . How could you betray me ? My silly prince . Why would I plot treason with the second son , when I can prove my loyalty to the first ? Have a good life , Byron . I know I will .
