 Major . Hey , Major ! Major . Hey , Major ! I / I / hal ' was that ' ? Virtual reality ? I / I / hal ' was that ' ? Virtual reality ? / ' n7 on vacation - Don ' 1' be so casual about entering my c yber lobby . / ' n7 on vacation - Don ' 1' be so casual about entering my c yber lobby . / ' n7 on vacation - Don ' 1' be so casual about entering my c yber lobby . My condolences - There 's been a terror / st ' bombing in N / ' sh / ' nouchi . My condolences - There 's been a terror / st ' bombing in N / ' sh / ' nouchi . My condolences - There 's been a terror / st ' bombing in N / ' sh / ' nouchi . The vies were an executive at a foreign-owned water company , The vies were an executive at a foreign-owned water company , a Trade Ministry official , and a domestic weapons manufacturer . a Trade Ministry official , and a domestic weapons manufacturer . a Trade Ministry official , and a domestic weapons manufacturer . The top-priority entry in the terrorism prediction list The top-priority entry in the terrorism prediction list you gave Public Security was right on target . you gave Public Security was right on target . / assume they were in a secret meeting to agree on water prices . / assume they were in a secret meeting to agree on water prices . / assume they were in a secret meeting to agree on water prices . Everything 's in smithereens , including some Foreign Affairs guards - Everything 's in smithereens , including some Foreign Affairs guards - There was also an explosion at the Yamanote Dam , by the Way . There was also an explosion at the Yamanote Dam , by the Way . The dam ? Dunno if it 's related . But it essentially belongs to a foreign-owned water company , But it essentially belongs to a foreign-owned water company , and there 's a retired Trade official on staff and there 's a retired Trade official on staff and there 's a retired Trade official on staff The bureaucrats ' turf wars are intense in that industry . The bureaucrats ' turf wars are intense in that industry . The bureaucrats ' turf wars are intense in that industry . So , who asked for us ? So , who asked for us ? Sect / on .9 , as usual . Sect / on .9 , as usual . They failed to put your list to good use , but the y did track the perps - They failed to put your list to good use , but the y did track the perps - They failed to put your list to good use , but the y did track the perps - They say they can ' 1' secure ' em , though . 7 ' 00 outgunned . They say they can ' 1' secure ' em , though . 7 ' 00 outgunned . They say they can ' 1' secure ' em , though . 7 ' 00 outgunned . Cal / everyone in . I 'm coming I00 . Cal / everyone in . I 'm coming I00 . Cal / everyone in . I 'm coming I00 . Work calls ? I 'm sorry . Five hours , seven minutes . That 's a record-length vacation for you . Five hours , seven minutes . That 's a record-length vacation for you . Five hours , seven minutes . That 's a record-length vacation for you . Five hours , seven minutes . That 's a record-length vacation for you . Are you consulting for the police today ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? Are you consulting for the police today ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? Are you consulting for the police today ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? Are you consulting for the police today ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? Are you consulting for the police today ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? I 'll make it up to you . I 'll make it up to you . Don 't forget what we talked about . Don 't forget what we talked about . Are you serious ? Of course . You should get going . All your customers are impatient types , right ? You should get going . All your customers are impatient types , right ? You should get going . All your customers are impatient types , right ? You should get going . All your customers are impatient types , right ? Yes . Wow , you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new reooro ' . Wow , you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new reooro ' . Wow , you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new reooro ' . Wow , you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new reooro ' . Wow , you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new reooro ' . Don 't be so casual about using that Ghost infiltration key . Don 't be so casual about using that Ghost infiltration key . Don 't be so casual about using that Ghost infiltration key . Your precinct lD 'd him as Detective Naoharu Mizuki . Your precinct lD 'd him as Detective Naoharu Mizuki . Your precinct lD 'd him as Detective Naoharu Mizuki . Your precinct lD 'd him as Detective Naoharu Mizuki . Is that right ? Yeah . He 's my senior . Yeah . He 's my senior . Is this all he had on him ? Is this all he had on him ? His holster was empty . His holster was empty . His piece must 've been washed away or stolen . His piece must 've been washed away or stolen . His piece must 've been washed away or stolen . It 's hard to believe the gun under his jacket would get washed away . It 's hard to believe the gun under his jacket would get washed away . It 's hard to believe the gun under his jacket would get washed away . And it 'd be odd for someone to steal his gun but leave his wallet . And it 'd be odd for someone to steal his gun but leave his wallet . And it 'd be odd for someone to steal his gun but leave his wallet . A prosthetics specialist ... He sure doesn 't look cyborgized . He sure doesn 't look cyborgized . Lieutenant , your guys rounded up all the unclaimed property in the area , right ? Lieutenant , your guys rounded up all the unclaimed property in the area , right ? Lieutenant , your guys rounded up all the unclaimed property in the area , right ? Let 's look for something else that ties back to him . Let 's look for something else that ties back to him . You want me to be your errand boy ? If the darn incident was really an accident , yes . If the darn incident was really an accident , yes . Lieutenant ! I found something odd . Lieutenant ! I found something odd . Lieutenant ! I found something odd . What are these ? They look like prosthetics , but ... They look like prosthetics , but ... Mermaid 's Legs ... Mermaid 's Legs ... Report . Lots of injured cops . Six perps still going strong . Lots of injured cops . Six perps still going strong . Lots of injured cops . Six perps still going strong . Lots of injured cops . Six perps still going strong . They 're on their way to Ward 4 . They see right through the police strategy . They see right through the police strategy . They secured an escape route ahead of time . They secured an escape route ahead of time . They secured an escape route ahead of time . This group is highly trained . This group is highly trained . They have a commander somewhere out there. lshikawa ! They have a commander somewhere out there. lshikawa ! They have a commander somewhere out there. lshikawa ! / picked up their line ! The seventh one . This is their leader . The seventh one . This is their leader . This is a cutting-edge ghost lock . Don 't waste time resisting . This is a cutting-edge ghost lock . Don 't waste time resisting . This is a cutting-edge ghost lock . Don 't waste time resisting . / ' / / make him order his friends to surrender . / ' / / make him order his friends to surrender . lsh / kawa , run a forced recognition program . lsh / kawa , run a forced recognition program . Roger . Aborz ' the operation . Throw down your guns and surrender Aborz ' the operation . Throw down your guns and surrender Aborz ' the operation . Throw down your guns and surrender Repeat . " Abort the operation and surrender . Repeat . " Abort the operation and surrender . Repeat . " Abort the operation and surrender . Repeat . " Abort the operation and surrender . Huh ? Aw , no shootout ? I captured one ! I captured one ! Hey , you 're pretty useful ! Hey , you 're pretty useful ! We got the last one . Good . Hand them all over to Public Security . Good . Hand them all over to Public Security . A virus alert ? It 's the man you captured ! This pain ... The ghost lock released ? Ma / or ? Shit ' . Sa / ' to / Don ' 1' k / / / him ! No more of that ! Damn , it feels gross having someone infiltrate my Ghost-e I / en the Major . Damn , it feels gross having someone infiltrate my Ghost-e I / en the Major . Damn , it feels gross having someone infiltrate my Ghost-e I / en the Major . Damn , it feels gross having someone infiltrate my Ghost-e I / en the Major . Damn , it feels gross having someone infiltrate my Ghost-e I / en the Major . Truer words ... Your fault for aiming for the head . Your fault for aiming for the head . Don 't hand them over yet . We 'll take them to a lockup with cyber facilities . Don 't hand them over yet . We 'll take them to a lockup with cyber facilities . Don 't hand them over yet . We 'll take them to a lockup with cyber facilities . Don 't hand them over yet . We 'll take them to a lockup with cyber facilities . You telling me to play interrogation partner ? I 'm not interested in fake memories . I 'm not interested in fake memories . Memories ? I 'm interested in their contaminated Ghosts . I 'm interested in their contaminated Ghosts . I 'm interested in their contaminated Ghosts . Sorry I had to call you down here . Sorry I had to call you down here . Sorry I had to call you down here . It 's my civic duty . It 's my civic duty . I understand you 're in charge of the dam . Let 's see ... I understand you 're in charge of the dam . Let 's see ... I understand you 're in charge of the dam . Let 's see ... Dr. Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied . Dr. Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied . Please , call me Thied . Please , call me Thied . You 've got quite the tough-looking secretary . You 've got quite the tough-looking secretary . He 's very reliable . The conflicts continue in the Republic of Kuzan , where you 're from . The conflicts continue in the Republic of Kuzan , where you 're from . The conflicts continue in the Republic of Kuzan , where you 're from . The conflicts continue in the Republic of Kuzan , where you 're from . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . I hear the Qhardi ethnic minority in particular is still waging a war of independence . It 's a heartbreaking war . It 's a heartbreaking war . You 're Qhardi , correct ? You 're Qhardi , correct ? Yes . Like the majority of my comrades , I wish for a peaceful solution . Yes . Like the majority of my comrades , I wish for a peaceful solution . Yes . Like the majority of my comrades , I wish for a peaceful solution . Yes . Like the majority of my comrades , I wish for a peaceful solution . Yes . Like the majority of my comrades , I wish for a peaceful solution . So , the explosion at the darn ... I 'm told it was a valve malfunction . I 'm told it was a valve malfunction . Your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? Your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? Your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? Your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? Your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? It 's for precision machinery businesses . That industry relies on 100 % pure water . It 's for precision machinery businesses . That industry relies on 100 % pure water . It 's for precision machinery businesses . That industry relies on 100 % pure water . It 's for precision machinery businesses . That industry relies on 100 % pure water . It 's for precision machinery businesses . That industry relies on 100 % pure water . Precision machinery ... Prosthetic manufacturing , for example ? Precision machinery ... Prosthetic manufacturing , for example ? Precision machinery ... Prosthetic manufacturing , for example ? Yes . Chief ... You idiot ! The Trade Ministry got them invited to set up a plant here ! The Trade Ministry got them invited to set up a plant here ! The Trade Ministry got them invited to set up a plant here ! You want to make an enemy of the local precinct , too ? You want to make an enemy of the local precinct , too ? But ... Stop , that 's evidence ! Stop , that 's evidence ! I 'm very grateful to you for finding the goods stolen from our warehouse . I 'm very grateful to you for finding the goods stolen from our warehouse . I 'm very grateful to you for finding the goods stolen from our warehouse . I 'm very grateful to you for finding the goods stolen from our warehouse . I 'm very grateful to you for finding the goods stolen from our warehouse . Please , take them with you . Please , take them with you . Chief ! Back off ! A detective died , sir . You think I don 't know that ? You go to Nishinouchi and get me information . You go to Nishinouchi and get me information . Nishinouchi ? What 's there ? A bombing , apparently by Qhardi terrorists . A bombing , apparently by Qhardi terrorists . A bombing , apparently by Qhardi terrorists . A bombing , apparently by Qhardi terrorists . Now listen : You consult your superiors before any moves on this case . Now listen : You consult your superiors before any moves on this case . Terrorism ? If the explosion was intentional , and he wasn 't a victim ... If the explosion was intentional , and he wasn 't a victim ... If the explosion was intentional , and he wasn 't a victim ... If the explosion was intentional , and he wasn 't a victim ... What ? Yes , sir ! I 'm on it ! Yes , sir ! I 'm on it ! Don 't make any trouble ! Don 't make any trouble ! They 're a Qhardi weapons smuggling gang . I met them on an undercover op . They 're a Qhardi weapons smuggling gang . I met them on an undercover op . They 're a Qhardi weapons smuggling gang . I met them on an undercover op . They 're a Qhardi weapons smuggling gang . I met them on an undercover op . Their goal is to send weapons to their comrades back home . Their goal is to send weapons to their comrades back home . Their goal is to send weapons to their comrades back home . They 've got no reason to attack this country . They 've got no reason to attack this country . Their statements were crystal clear : They 're against the pricing agreement , so they bombed the meeting site . They 're against the pricing agreement , so they bombed the meeting site . They 're against the pricing agreement , so they bombed the meeting site . Are you telling me those are planted memories ? Are you telling me those are planted memories ? I 'm betting they 're all infected . I 'm betting they 're all infected . And that the virus interfered with my ghost lock . And that the virus interfered with my ghost lock . Well done . You subdued them brilliantly . Well done . You subdued them brilliantly . We could do it even more easily if you adjusted your comm standards to ours . We could do it even more easily if you adjusted your comm standards to ours . We could do it even more easily if you adjusted your comm standards to ours . We could do it even more easily if you adjusted your comm standards to ours . We could do it even more easily if you adjusted your comm standards to ours . I read your report . A false memory virus that can infiltrate , hack , A false memory virus that can infiltrate , hack , and brainwash simultaneously ? And brainwash simultaneously ? And brainwash simultaneously ? It 's a self-destructing Stuxnet-type . It 's a self-destructing Stuxnet-type . Other than the symptoms at its onset , it leaves no trace . Other than the symptoms at its onset , it leaves no trace . Other than the symptoms at its onset , it leaves no trace . Electronic manipulation of memory is incredibly difficult . Electronic manipulation of memory is incredibly difficult . Electronic manipulation of memory is incredibly difficult . No one in the world has been confirmed successful . No one in the world has been confirmed successful . And yet past incidents tell us a maker and a broker clearly exist . And yet past incidents tell us a maker and a broker clearly exist . And yet past incidents tell us a maker and a broker clearly exist . And yet past incidents tell us a maker and a broker clearly exist . Yes . Somewhere out there is the super-wizard-class programmer Yes . Somewhere out there is the super-wizard-class programmer Yes . Somewhere out there is the super-wizard-class programmer Yes . Somewhere out there is the super-wizard-class programmer known as " Fire-Starter " who created this high-level cyber-virus . Known as " Fire-Starter " who created this high-level cyber-virus . Known as " Fire-Starter " who created this high-level cyber-virus . But until now , no organization in the world had uncovered his identity . But until now , no organization in the world had uncovered his identity . But until now , no organization in the world had uncovered his identity . Did you ? A clue , anyway . What 's this ? All the terrorists had the same tattoo . All the terrorists had the same tattoo . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the hero who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the hero who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the hero who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the hero who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the hero who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . I 've heard of him . Word is he 's a master of cyber warfare . I 've heard of him . Word is he 's a master of cyber warfare . I 've heard of him . Word is he 's a master of cyber warfare . Is he Fire-Starter ? No way . He died during the war . No way . He died during the war . You 're going to find out whether that 's true . You 're going to find out whether that 's true . I 'll authorize limited access to Section 9 's database . I 'll authorize limited access to Section 9 's database . I 'll authorize limited access to Section 9 's database . Read the details there . That 's all ? You 're complaining ? I gave you all the Logicomas I have , plus our weapons and permission to use them . I gave you all the Logicomas I have , plus our weapons and permission to use them . I gave you all the Logicomas I have , plus our weapons and permission to use them . I gave you all the Logicomas I have , plus our weapons and permission to use them . Any lists I make are meaningless if the organization can 't act . Any lists I make are meaningless if the organization can 't act . Any lists I make are meaningless if the organization can 't act . Any lists I make are meaningless if the organization can 't act . And ? I want special authority and an approved budget . I want special authority and an approved budget . And make your flimsy comm lines backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . And make your flimsy comm lines backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . And make your flimsy comm lines backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . And make your flimsy comm lines backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . And make your flimsy comm lines backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . Enough ! Your team isn 't regulation size , and I 'm graciously turning a blind eye ! Enough ! Your team isn 't regulation size , and I 'm graciously turning a blind eye ! Enough ! Your team isn 't regulation size , and I 'm graciously turning a blind eye ! Enough ! Your team isn 't regulation size , and I 'm graciously turning a blind eye ! Enough ! Your team isn 't regulation size , and I 'm graciously turning a blind eye ! This unit is standardized to the perfect specs . This unit is standardized to the perfect specs . We don 't need more people . Then the whole unit will go down the second you get hacked . Then the whole unit will go down the second you get hacked . Just like those terrorists did . Your " perfect specs " don 't merit my trust . Your " perfect specs " don 't merit my trust . If you want authority and a budget , get at least one more member If you want authority and a budget , get at least one more member If you want authority and a budget , get at least one more member and accept cooperation from someone with different specs . And accept cooperation from someone with different specs . And accept cooperation from someone with different specs . If they won 't give us money , we 're stuck in this garbage dump for a while . If they won 't give us money , we 're stuck in this garbage dump for a while . If they won 't give us money , we 're stuck in this garbage dump for a while . If they won 't give us money , we 're stuck in this garbage dump for a while . I 'm just glad we 've got a lab to use . I 'm just glad we 've got a lab to use . Yeah , high prosthetic performance takes superior maintenance ... Yeah , high prosthetic performance takes superior maintenance ... Yeah , high prosthetic performance takes superior maintenance ... Yeah , high prosthetic performance takes superior maintenance ... We 'll have to pay for upgrades out of pocket . Costs a lot , though . We 'll have to pay for upgrades out of pocket . Costs a lot , though . We 'll have to pay for upgrades out of pocket . Costs a lot , though . We 'll have to pay for upgrades out of pocket . Costs a lot , though . Training ground instructors make pretty good money . Training ground instructors make pretty good money . Top-quality maintenance facilities , authority-we 'll get it all . Top-quality maintenance facilities , authority-we 'll get it all . Top-quality maintenance facilities , authority-we 'll get it all . Top-quality maintenance facilities , authority-we 'll get it all . Stop wasting time bitching and solve our case ! His nationality 's unknown . He uses multiple bodies to conceal his identity , He uses multiple bodies to conceal his identity , He uses multiple bodies to conceal his identity , earning the name Skulla , aka Scylla . Earning the name Skulla , aka Scylla . Earning the name Skulla , aka Scylla . That 's the name of a monster from Greek mythology . That 's the name of a monster from Greek mythology . A pro at warfare who led a separatist army , and whiz hacker ... A pro at warfare who led a separatist army , and whiz hacker ... A pro at warfare who led a separatist army , and whiz hacker ... Huh , his specialty is tunnel ops . Huh , his specialty is tunnel ops . " Tunnel ops " ? That 's when you bomb someplace 's lifelines and then infiltrate them electronically during their restoration . And then infiltrate them electronically during their restoration . And then infiltrate them electronically during their restoration . Ultimately you wage a destructive cyber-attack from inside their defenses . Ultimately you wage a destructive cyber-attack from inside their defenses . Ultimately you wage a destructive cyber-attack from inside their defenses . Ultimately you wage a destructive cyber-attack from inside their defenses . The forces who tried to prevent independence took a major hit instead . The forces who tried to prevent independence took a major hit instead . The forces who tried to prevent independence took a major hit instead . The forces who tried to prevent independence took a major hit instead . But Kuzan joined forces with advanced nations But Kuzan joined forces with advanced nations But Kuzan joined forces with advanced nations to manipulate the Qhardis in order to contain its neighbors . To manipulate the Qhardis in order to contain its neighbors . It was a throwaway war of independence , and this country was especially involved . It was a throwaway war of independence , and this country was especially involved . It was a throwaway war of independence , and this country was especially involved . It was a throwaway war of independence , and this country was especially involved . No one recognized the Qhardis' independence after the war , No one recognized the Qhardis' independence after the war , and the guerillas were disbanded and slaughtered . And the guerillas were disbanded and slaughtered . But their dead leader was actually alive , But their dead leader was actually alive , and he developed a special virus ahead of all the world 's research institutions , and he developed a special virus ahead of all the world 's research institutions , and he developed a special virus ahead of all the world 's research institutions , and he developed a special virus ahead of all the world 's research institutions , then changed his name to Fire-Starter and began his revenge ... then changed his name to Fire-Starter and began his revenge ... then changed his name to Fire-Starter and began his revenge ... I follow the logic , but is it really possible ? I follow the logic , but is it really possible ? In a conflict zone , you can do all the human experimentation you want . In a conflict zone , you can do all the human experimentation you want . In a conflict zone , you can do all the human experimentation you want . In a conflict zone , you can do all the human experimentation you want . It 's no wonder , really . Scylla is dead . Scylla is dead . A successor of his , then ? Either way , the broker isn 't peddling it without knowing what it does . Either way , the broker isn 't peddling it without knowing what it does . Either way , the broker isn 't peddling it without knowing what it does . Either way , the broker isn 't peddling it without knowing what it does . So he wanted to use those guerillas to repeat his old tunnel operation here ? So he wanted to use those guerillas to repeat his old tunnel operation here ? So he wanted to use those guerillas to repeat his old tunnel operation here ? So he wanted to use those guerillas to repeat his old tunnel operation here ? So he wanted to use those guerillas to repeat his old tunnel operation here ? It bothers me that no one was carrying a detonator . It bothers me that no one was carrying a detonator . It bothers me that no one was carrying a detonator . It bothers me that no one was carrying a detonator . Borma , check out the crime scene . Roger . Paz , you and Saito pay the gang a visit . I want to know who trained them . Paz , you and Saito pay the gang a visit . I want to know who trained them . Paz , you and Saito pay the gang a visit . I want to know who trained them . Paz , you and Saito pay the gang a visit . I want to know who trained them . Batou and Ishikawa , you look into the possibility of a tunnel op . Batou and Ishikawa , you look into the possibility of a tunnel op . Batou and Ishikawa , you look into the possibility of a tunnel op . Do you plan to dive into the guerillas ' cyberbrains Do you plan to dive into the guerillas ' cyberbrains looking for the virus ? I 'll get a tune-up on my body first . I 'll get a tune-up on my body first . A tune-Up ? It 's her boyfriend . He 's an ex-military prosthetics tech . It 's her boyfriend . He 's an ex-military prosthetics tech . It 's her boyfriend . He 's an ex-military prosthetics tech . No , isn 't he a Navy sailor ? That was the last one . They fought on a date , and she kicked his ass hard enough to put him in the hospital . And she kicked his ass hard enough to put him in the hospital . What about that rich one from the Cyberbrain Bureau ? He didn 't last two weeks . He didn 't last two weeks . So this is the sixth in six months ? She 's got a sickness . So this is the sixth in six months ? She 's got a sickness . No , it 's instinct . I never sleep with the same woman twice either . No , it 's instinct . I never sleep with the same woman twice either . No , it 's instinct . I never sleep with the same woman twice either . Because you always end up a hostage or a target for revenge ? Because you always end up a hostage or a target for revenge ? No , because it 's my policy . At least do background checks on them ! What if one of them 's a trap ? At least do background checks on them ! What if one of them 's a trap ? At least do background checks on them ! What if one of them 's a trap ? It 's better than hearing , " I want a family " . It 's better than hearing , " I want a family " . Yeah , after all , you could die at any time . Yeah , after all , you could die at any time . This is no job for a family man . This is no job for a family man . So the late detective 's gun wasn 't found ? So the late detective 's gun wasn 't found ? So the late detective 's gun wasn 't found ? If Detective Mizuki had fired his weapon , If Detective Mizuki had fired his weapon , it would prove this was a crime , and not an accident . It would prove this was a crime , and not an accident . You think someone wanted it to look like an accident ? You think someone wanted it to look like an accident ? The cause of death was drowning , but he lost a lot of blood antemortem , The cause of death was drowning , but he lost a lot of blood antemortem , The cause of death was drowning , but he lost a lot of blood antemortem , The cause of death was drowning , but he lost a lot of blood antemortem , and some of his bones are missing . And some of his bones are missing . So the body 's too damaged to tell , but he may have been shot . So the body 's too damaged to tell , but he may have been shot . So the body 's too damaged to tell , but he may have been shot . So the body 's too damaged to tell , but he may have been shot . So the body 's too damaged to tell , but he may have been shot . Detective Mizuki was investigating weapons smuggling . Detective Mizuki was investigating weapons smuggling . Detective Mizuki was investigating weapons smuggling . His most recent meeting was with a Qhardi organization . His most recent meeting was with a Qhardi organization . I suspect he was killed because he found proof . I suspect he was killed because he found proof . I suspect he was killed because he found proof . You feel the dam explosion was intentional , set up to bury evidence ? You feel the dam explosion was intentional , set up to bury evidence ? You feel the dam explosion was intentional , set up to bury evidence ? You feel the dam explosion was intentional , set up to bury evidence ? You feel the dam explosion was intentional , set up to bury evidence ? You 've got a great imagination . You 've got a great imagination . You 're turning me down , sir ? You 're turning me down , sir ? No , I like it . I 'll allow you to investigate . No , I like it . I 'll allow you to investigate . Try to find a connection between the incidents . Try to find a connection between the incidents . Try to find a connection between the incidents . All alone ? You 're complaining ? I appreciate it , sir ! Humans can never perfectly reproduce movements . Humans can never perfectly reproduce movements . Humans can never perfectly reproduce movements . A slight slope , our distance from our target , a few milligrams ' weight difference ... A slight slope , our distance from our target , a few milligrams ' weight difference ... A slight slope , our distance from our target , a few milligrams ' weight difference ... A slight slope , our distance from our target , a few milligrams ' weight difference ... A slight slope , our distance from our target , a few milligrams ' weight difference ... The brain calculates all these things to create yet-unknown movements . The brain calculates all these things to create yet-unknown movements . The brain calculates all these things to create yet-unknown movements . The brain calculates all these things to create yet-unknown movements . You have the most original brain I know of , You have the most original brain I know of , and you understand the beauty of uniform standards . And you understand the beauty of uniform standards . You 're exaggerating . There 's nothing wrong with you . There 's nothing wrong with you . It still hurts ? Try moving your right leg . Try moving your right leg . Lovely . What 's " lovely " ? Your leg . The pain is gone now . The pain is gone now . Send me a bill . I 'll give you a discount . In return , don 't forget our promise . I 'll give you a discount . In return , don 't forget our promise . I 'll give you a discount . In return , don 't forget our promise . You 're a strange man . Not as strange as you . Hey , you . You 're blocking my scan . Hey , you . You 're blocking my scan . Oh , sorry . What good are your natural eyes in the cyber age ? What good are your natural eyes in the cyber age ? What good are your natural eyes in the cyber age ? It 's not normally this hard to find the epicenter . It 's not normally this hard to find the epicenter . You know a lot about the combustion process ? You know a lot about the combustion process ? I learned the basics overseas during the war . I learned the basics overseas during the war . I see . Are you a full cyborg ? Yeah , pretty close . Yeah , pretty close . I 'm no expert , but unless you get a specialized skeleton , I 'm no expert , but unless you get a specialized skeleton , I 'm no expert , but unless you get a specialized skeleton , aren 't the basics the same as a human body 's ? Aren 't the basics the same as a human body 's ? But his hands stayed open after he burned ... But his hands stayed open after he burned ... What ? When a natural human burns to death , his muscles contract , so he forms fists and he bends forward . His muscles contract , so he forms fists and he bends forward . His muscles contract , so he forms fists and he bends forward . The fetal position , or , you know , the boxer 's pose . The fetal position , or , you know , the boxer 's pose . Heat rigor ? Well , what about it ? Heat rigor ? Well , what about it ? Heat rigor ? Well , what about it ? This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . This guard 's corpse is standing up straight , hands open . Must be some property of his prosthetics , or of the bomb . Must be some property of his prosthetics , or of the bomb . Must be some property of his prosthetics , or of the bomb . Prosthetics ? Hello ? Oh , a checkup ? Oh , a checkup ? Two weeks ? Got it . No , I 'm working right now , sorry . Got it . No , I 'm working right now , sorry . Got it . No , I 'm working right now , sorry . " Checkup " ? Sorry to bother you . C-4 and dynamite , glycerin , and chemical fertilizer ... C-4 and dynamite , glycerin , and chemical fertilizer ... C-4 and dynamite , glycerin , and chemical fertilizer ... It 's a hideout straight out of a book . It 's a hideout straight out of a book . It 's a hideout straight out of a book . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Definitely a bomb maniac vibe ... but I 've got no clue what they actually used . Orders coming down their line ! Orders coming down their line ! Someone calling himself Scylla just ordered some " Second Army " into action . Someone calling himself Scylla just ordered some " Second Army " into action . Someone calling himself Scylla just ordered some " Second Army " into action . Damn bastards ! Public Security 's moves are being leaked ! Damn bastards ! Public Security 's moves are being leaked ! The Waterworks Bureau 's server blew , and took out ' the who / e floor . The Waterworks Bureau 's server blew , and took out ' the who / e floor . The Waterworks Bureau 's server blew , and took out ' the who / e floor . What did they use ? The acce / eram ' at the N / sh / nouch / crime scene is spread all the way to the ceiling , even the ducts . Is spread all the way to the ceiling , even the ducts . Is spread all the way to the ceiling , even the ducts . We 're talking omnidirectional b / asz ' . The air itself blew up . We 're talking omnidirectional b / asz ' . The air itself blew up . We 're talking omnidirectional b / asz ' . The air itself blew up . We 're talking omnidirectional b / asz ' . The air itself blew up . A fuel-air explosive ? Then this is a dummy hideout . They 've got a more advanced bomb lab somewhere . Then this is a dummy hideout . They 've got a more advanced bomb lab somewhere . Then this is a dummy hideout . They 've got a more advanced bomb lab somewhere . Then this is a dummy hideout . They 've got a more advanced bomb lab somewhere . Damn guerilla hero is issuing a challenge . Damn guerilla hero is issuing a challenge . Damn guerilla hero is issuing a challenge . The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs - Odds are the hacker 's already in ! The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs - Odds are the hacker 's already in ! The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs - Odds are the hacker 's already in ! The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs - Odds are the hacker 's already in ! The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs - Odds are the hacker 's already in ! Figure out ' their next ' target . Don ' 1' let ' them dig any more funnels - Don ' 1' let ' them dig any more funnels - I appreciate your cooperation . I appreciate your cooperation . I 'm used to police questioning . I 'm used to police questioning . There 've been a lot of prosthetics thefts recently . There 've been a lot of prosthetics thefts recently . " Mermaid 's Legs " , eh ? " Mermaid 's Legs " , eh ? " Mermaid 's Legs " , eh ? Not a very artistic name , but it 's easy to understand . Not a very artistic name , but it 's easy to understand . Not a very artistic name , but it 's easy to understand . My female customers quite like it . My female customers quite like it . Do you recognize these legs ? Do you recognize these legs ? They appear to be the mass-production model . They appear to be the mass-production model . Look at the tag . " Ariel " . I 've asked around , and there 's no such model on the market . I 've asked around , and there 's no such model on the market . I 've asked around , and there 's no such model on the market . I don 't carry it , either . It must be a licensed designer 's brand name . I don 't carry it , either . It must be a licensed designer 's brand name . I don 't carry it , either . It must be a licensed designer 's brand name . I don 't carry it , either . It must be a licensed designer 's brand name . Designers use the mass-production model as a base Designers use the mass-production model as a base and then innovate to meet customer demands . And then innovate to meet customer demands . Any ideas ? Any ideas ? I 'll give you my list . One moment , please . I 'll give you my list . One moment , please . I 'll give you my list . One moment , please . I 'll give you my list . One moment , please . Thank you . Cops love lists . He 'll be conveniently absorbed in it for a while . Cops love lists . He 'll be conveniently absorbed in it for a while . Cops love lists . He 'll be conveniently absorbed in it for a while . Public Security took our dummy safe house . Public Security took our dummy safe house . Are the comm lines here safe , Colonel Hozumi ? Are the comm lines here safe , Colonel Hozumi ? Are the comm lines here safe , Colonel Hozumi ? Don 't worry . It 's one of lntelligence 's independent lines . Don 't worry . It 's one of lntelligence 's independent lines . Don 't worry . It 's one of lntelligence 's independent lines . Why haven 't you killed that detective ? Why haven 't you killed that detective ? He 's an odd duck , but he doesn 't have any powerful backers . He 's an odd duck , but he doesn 't have any powerful backers . He 's an odd duck , but he doesn 't have any powerful backers . The real issue is that Ariel 's been leaked . The real issue is that Ariel 's been leaked . We retrieved the sample before it was analyzed , and the factory is taken care of . We retrieved the sample before it was analyzed , and the factory is taken care of . We retrieved the sample before it was analyzed , and the factory is taken care of . We retrieved the sample before it was analyzed , and the factory is taken care of . I didn 't expect you to panic and blow it up . I didn 't expect you to panic and blow it up . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . You almost seriously hindered our plan . Ariel is a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! It 's not for suicide bombers ! Ariel is a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! It 's not for suicide bombers ! Ariel is a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! It 's not for suicide bombers ! Ariel is a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! It 's not for suicide bombers ! Ariel is a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! It 's not for suicide bombers ! Circumstances have changed . If previous overseas weapons development becomes domestic , If previous overseas weapons development becomes domestic , If previous overseas weapons development becomes domestic , distribution channels will vanish . Distribution channels will vanish . The Qhardi soldiers are just sacrificial pawns ? The Qhardi soldiers are just sacrificial pawns ? We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . Get the unit that was arrested released . Get the unit that was arrested released . I won 't give you the data until then . I won 't give you the data until then . They aren 't even your compatriots . They aren 't even your compatriots . Scylla would never abandon them . Scylla would never abandon them . Very well . There are three more usable Ariels . Very well . There are three more usable Ariels . Very well . There are three more usable Ariels . Very well . There are three more usable Ariels . One of them is in your court . One of them is in your court . One of them is in your court . It really has to be her ? It really has to be her ? Have you developed feelings for her ? Activate the woman 's Ariel . Have you developed feelings for her ? Activate the woman 's Ariel . Have you developed feelings for her ? Activate the woman 's Ariel . Have you developed feelings for her ? Activate the woman 's Ariel . Release our allies first . Understand ? Release our allies first . Understand ? Release our allies first . Understand ? Ride with me . You haven 't told anyone that you and I killed Scylla , I trust ? You haven 't told anyone that you and I killed Scylla , I trust ? You haven 't told anyone that you and I killed Scylla , I trust ? No . That op is a stain on both our records . That op is a stain on both our records . It would be highly inconvenient for it to come up again now . It would be highly inconvenient for it to come up again now . I see you dived happily into the power games as soon as you made LTC . I see you dived happily into the power games as soon as you made LTC . I see you dived happily into the power games as soon as you made LTC . I see you dived happily into the power games as soon as you made LTC . They used the military-industrial complex to profit from death . They used the military-industrial complex to profit from death . They used the military-industrial complex to profit from death . They used the military-industrial complex to profit from death . I 'll wipe them out , make domestic weapons engineering big , I 'll wipe them out , make domestic weapons engineering big , I 'll wipe them out , make domestic weapons engineering big , and shut down their trade routes to foreign cartels . And shut down their trade routes to foreign cartels . Lt. Col. Mamuro wanted that . Lt. Col. Mamuro wanted that . I won 't play your game . I won 't play your game . Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . You used this before . You used this before . Bury it and whoever 's using Scylla 's name-permanently this time . Bury it and whoever 's using Scylla 's name-permanently this time . Bury it and whoever 's using Scylla 's name-permanently this time . Or else the brass will bury you , and that op with you . Or else the brass will bury you , and that op with you . Or else the brass will bury you , and that op with you . Becoming independent of the system doesn 't make you free . Becoming independent of the system doesn 't make you free . Becoming independent of the system doesn 't make you free . You 're like last century 's programmers , who expected too much from the birth of the Net . You 're like last century 's programmers , who expected too much from the birth of the Net . You 're like last century 's programmers , who expected too much from the birth of the Net . You 're like last century 's programmers , who expected too much from the birth of the Net . Even Section 9 is only letting you have your own way to test you . Even Section 9 is only letting you have your own way to test you . Even Section 9 is only letting you have your own way to test you . When they need to , they 'll restrain you with a Ghost infiltration key When they need to , they 'll restrain you with a Ghost infiltration key and dispose of you . I have no intention of letting anyone infiltrate my Ghost again . I have no intention of letting anyone infiltrate my Ghost again . I have no intention of letting anyone infiltrate my Ghost again . No matter who they are . That woman is Motoko Kusanagi ? That woman is Motoko Kusanagi ? Yes , your senior . Can you win ? Yes , your senior . Can you win ? Yes , your senior . Can you win ? If you wish . You really came ? I did promise . I haven 't prepared anything . I figured . But first , we 'll take care of this . But first , we 'll take care of this . I checked out the Qhardi gang , but there 's no trace of their tactical commander . I checked out the Qhardi gang , but there 's no trace of their tactical commander . I checked out the Qhardi gang , but there 's no trace of their tactical commander . I checked out the Qhardi gang , but there 's no trace of their tactical commander . Ah , but I 've got the rental server they used . Ah , but I 've got the rental server they used . Ah , but I 've got the rental server they used . Multiple invaders into a public facility ... Multiple invaders into a public facility ... Bastards have made good progress on their tunnels . Bastards have made good progress on their tunnels . Do you know where they 're going yet ' ? Do you know where they 're going yet ' ? It 's someplace to do with water and precision machinery . It 's someplace to do with water and precision machinery . 78 places in the city fit that description . 78 places in the city fit that description . Check them all . Check them all . Damn ... I 'd make easier money being an Intelligence subcontractor . Damn ... I 'd make easier money being an Intelligence subcontractor . Damn ... I 'd make easier money being an Intelligence subcontractor . Damn ... I 'd make easier money being an Intelligence subcontractor . So , sf / I / in your " z 'une-up " ? So , sf / I / in your " z 'une-up " ? Yes . I 'm dropping this connection for a While . Yes . I 'm dropping this connection for a While . I can hear noise . Your coworkers are in and out of your lobby nonstop , huh ? I can hear noise . Your coworkers are in and out of your lobby nonstop , huh ? I can hear noise . Your coworkers are in and out of your lobby nonstop , huh ? I can hear noise . Your coworkers are in and out of your lobby nonstop , huh ? I can hear noise . Your coworkers are in and out of your lobby nonstop , huh ? I ran them all off . You think I 'll ever get to be in your lobby ? You think I 'll ever get to be in your lobby ? You think I 'll ever get to be in your lobby ? If you work with me . If you work with me . If I said I needed one more person , would you come ? If I said I needed one more person , would you come ? Tuning you up whenever I want is an attractive proposition , Tuning you up whenever I want is an attractive proposition , Tuning you up whenever I want is an attractive proposition , but I don 't get involved with the military or the police . But I don 't get involved with the military or the police . But I don 't get involved with the military or the police . Oh . I did some first aid on your sensory components . I did some first aid on your sensory components . Let 's do the detail work in the lab . Let 's do the detail work in the lab . The pain is gone . I 'll do the rest myself . The pain is gone . I 'll do the rest myself . The pain is gone . I 'll do the rest myself . Then let 's get started . I remember when I first met you , you know . I remember when I first met you , you know . I remember when I first met you , you know . All the other engineers said you were the queen of customer complaints . All the other engineers said you were the queen of customer complaints . All the other engineers said you were the queen of customer complaints . All the other engineers said you were the queen of customer complaints . Is that why they handed me off to a freelancer like you ? Is that why they handed me off to a freelancer like you ? Is that why they handed me off to a freelancer like you ? Nope . The truth is , I asked them to . Nope . The truth is , I asked them to . What ? You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as a thing or a person - That made me interested in you . That made me interested in you . At the facility I was in before , they thought I was an oddball for wanting to sleep in a bed and take showers . They thought I was an oddball for wanting to sleep in a bed and take showers . They thought I was an oddball for wanting to sleep in a bed and take showers . They thought I was an oddball for wanting to sleep in a bed and take showers . When I was prosthetized on the battlefield , they told me , When I was prosthetized on the battlefield , they told me , When I was prosthetized on the battlefield , they told me , " A cyborg doesn 't need everyday life ; he needs equipment . " " A cyborg doesn 't need everyday life ; he needs equipment . " " A cyborg doesn 't need everyday life ; he needs equipment . " " A cyborg doesn 't need everyday life ; he needs equipment . " That 's why I switched to prosthetics engineering . That 's why I switched to prosthetics engineering . That 's why I switched to prosthetics engineering . I wanted to be a tech who 'd treat cyborgs like humans . I wanted to be a tech who 'd treat cyborgs like humans . I wanted to be a tech who 'd treat cyborgs like humans . As a kid , they gave me everyday-living training outside the facility . As a kid , they gave me everyday-living training outside the facility . As a kid , they gave me everyday-living training outside the facility . As a kid , they gave me everyday-living training outside the facility . So / ' d learn how to be more human - So / ' d learn how to be more human - So / ' d learn how to be more human - / don 't real / y remember it . Everything was so bright ... / don 't real / y remember it . Everything was so bright ... / don 't real / y remember it . Everything was so bright ... / don 't real / y remember it . Everything was so bright ... I remember I came back ahead of schedule . I remember I came back ahead of schedule . I remember I came back ahead of schedule . But ... That day I decided to make my body orthodox . But ... That day I decided to make my body orthodox . But ... That day I decided to make my body orthodox . But ... That day I decided to make my body orthodox . I wanted to look human . I wanted to look human . Your prosthetic body isn 't a thing . It 's your real body . Your prosthetic body isn 't a thing . It 's your real body . Your prosthetic body isn 't a thing . It 's your real body . It mustn 't be treated as a thing ... not by anyone . It mustn 't be treated as a thing ... not by anyone . It mustn 't be treated as a thing ... not by anyone . Not by me . I do wish that were true . I 'll show you proof . Proof ? It 's a surprise . We 're missing the key piece . " the bomb . We 're missing the key piece . " the bomb . How did they get it into a heavily guarded meeting place ? How did they get it into a heavily guarded meeting place ? How did they get it into a heavily guarded meeting place ? What about the perps ? They say they 're the ones who blew it up . They say they 're the ones who blew it up . Despite the fact that they have no memory of the bomb . Despite the fact that they have no memory of the bomb . Despite the fact that they have no memory of the bomb . They 're fall guys . They probably have nothing to do with the bomb . They 're fall guys . They probably have nothing to do with the bomb . They 're fall guys . They probably have nothing to do with the bomb . We 'll monitor all 78 locations until we can narrow down their target . We 'll monitor all 78 locations until we can narrow down their target . We 'll monitor all 78 locations until we can narrow down their target . We 'll monitor all 78 locations until we can narrow down their target . Are you serious ? ! Contact me if something happens . Contact me if something happens . You 're wearing heels - Should we assume the ex-military prosthetics tech is joining the team ? Should we assume the ex-military prosthetics tech is joining the team ? Should we assume the ex-military prosthetics tech is joining the team ? Maybe that 's actually for real . This is what you wanted to show me ? This is what you wanted to show me ? They 're regular customers of mine . They 're regular customers of mine . Their average age is 70 . They 're all full-body cyborgs ... The affluent elderly are at the core of cyborg development these days . The affluent elderly are at the core of cyborg development these days . The affluent elderly are at the core of cyborg development these days . Not soldiers . They want prosthetic bodies to give them second lives , and fulfilling lifestyles . They want prosthetic bodies to give them second lives , and fulfilling lifestyles . They want prosthetic bodies to give them second lives , and fulfilling lifestyles . They want prosthetic bodies to give them second lives , and fulfilling lifestyles . They want prosthetic bodies to give them second lives , and fulfilling lifestyles . More and more foods for cyborgs are being developed to meet their needs , too . More and more foods for cyborgs are being developed to meet their needs , too . More and more foods for cyborgs are being developed to meet their needs , too . More and more foods for cyborgs are being developed to meet their needs , too . Try it . It 's good . Is it your first time allocating memory to your sense of taste ? Is it your first time allocating memory to your sense of taste ? The new bride is pregnant , by the way . The new bride is pregnant , by the way . Exciting , isn 't it ? A new world of humans that don 't distinguish Exciting , isn 't it ? A new world of humans that don 't distinguish Exciting , isn 't it ? A new world of humans that don 't distinguish between prosthetic and flesh . Between prosthetic and flesh . Between prosthetic and flesh . You really are strange . You really are strange . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . Some people reject the future . And some are left behind by it , too . I want to bring the cyborg future to the third world . I want to bring the cyborg future to the third world . I want to bring the cyborg future to the third world . Will you come with me ? You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . You should use your power freely , not work under a bunch of master manipulators . The war is over , you know . No , it 's still going . The nations it grew inconvenient for pulled out , that 's all . The nations it grew inconvenient for pulled out , that 's all . The nations it grew inconvenient for pulled out , that 's all . I have things to do in this country . I have things to do in this country . I have things to do in this country . I see . Do you have free time later ? If we share a lobby , we can meet whenever we want . If we share a lobby , we can meet whenever we want . If we share a lobby , we can meet whenever we want . I might touch your Ghost . I might touch your Ghost . I 'll let down my barrier . - Are you sure ? - If you infiltrate me , I may fry your brain . - Are you sure ? - If you infiltrate me , I may fry your brain . - Are you sure ? - If you infiltrate me , I may fry your brain . It might be worth it . This is your body . These are your hands . These are your hands . Motoko , run ! Akira ! Are you all right ? Yeah ... I 'm sorry . This is my fault . I 'm sorry . This is my fault . My condolences . My condolences . Paz is with Section 9 inspecting the scene . Paz is with Section 9 inspecting the scene . Your attacker was a pro , even if he did mess up . Your attacker was a pro , even if he did mess up . It 's unclear whether this was tied to the bombing , but we 'd normally give you police protection at this point . But we 'd normally give you police protection at this point . But we 'd normally give you police protection at this point . I don 't need it . How is he ? I don 't need it . How is he ? We 'll send him home as soon as we 're done questioning him . We 'll send him home as soon as we 're done questioning him . I 'll assign someone to him , so don 't worry . I 'll assign someone to him , so don 't worry . I see . The military authorities won 't give me any information on Scylla . The military authorities won 't give me any information on Scylla . The military authorities won 't give me any information on Scylla . What 's your connection to him ? Call me whenever you need help . Call me whenever you need help . Scylla 's revenge , eh ? Good thing your boyfriend 's a civilian . We don 't have to suspect a leak . Good thing your boyfriend 's a civilian . We don 't have to suspect a leak . Good thing your boyfriend 's a civilian . We don 't have to suspect a leak . Good thing your boyfriend 's a civilian . We don 't have to suspect a leak . They go ! us . Number Three - " a materials control center on the coast . Number Three - " a materials control center on the coast . Number Three - " a materials control center on the coast . / picked up a go order in Soy / la 's name 30 seconds before the explosion - / picked up a go order in Soy / la 's name 30 seconds before the explosion - / picked up a go order in Soy / la 's name 30 seconds before the explosion - / picked up a go order in Soy / la 's name 30 seconds before the explosion - Then the who / e line disappeared . At this rate , there 's no point in surveillance - Then the who / e line disappeared . At this rate , there 's no point in surveillance - Then the who / e line disappeared . At this rate , there 's no point in surveillance - Find a weapons engineer on their customer list who 's connected to this - Find a weapons engineer on their customer list who 's connected to this - Find a weapons engineer on their customer list who 's connected to this - Weapons engineer ? Get info from the first victims , too . Hurry up . Get info from the first victims , too . Hurry up . Find something . The virus , the bombs , the tactical commander , Find something . The virus , the bombs , the tactical commander , where the messages from " Scy / / a " come from-l don ' 2' care what . where the messages from " Scy / / a " come from-l don ' 2' care what . where the messages from " Scy / / a " come from-l don ' 2' care what . How about you finally tell us why you 're so sure Scylla 's dead ? How about you finally tell us why you 're so sure Scylla 's dead ? How about you finally tell us why you 're so sure Scylla 's dead ? How about you finally tell us why you 're so sure Scylla 's dead ? How about you finally tell us why you 're so sure Scylla 's dead ? Excuse me . YOu ! I was told I could find Major Kusanagi here . I was told I could find Major Kusanagi here . What is it ? State your business . The list I got from him was a fake . The list I got from him was a fake . The list I got from him was a fake . And a detective working a weapons trafficking case And a detective working a weapons trafficking case was killed right after getting info from him . Was killed right after getting info from him . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . Techs get blamed for prosthetics-related incidents all the time . And the manager of the dam that exploded the other day ... And the manager of the dam that exploded the other day ... And the manager of the dam that exploded the other day ... And the manager of the dam that exploded the other day ... Hose outfitted her bodyguard , too . So what ? ! How did you feel , watching your lover get attacked in front of you ? How did you feel , watching your lover get attacked in front of you ? How did you feel , watching your lover get attacked in front of you ? You 're angry at the perp , and you feel guilty . You 're angry at the perp , and you feel guilty . You 're angry at the perp , and you feel guilty . You think it was your fault he got attacked . You think it was your fault he got attacked . He was the same way . Anger and guilt . He was the same way . Anger and guilt . He was the same way . Anger and guilt . He was the same way . Anger and guilt . He 's hiding something . He 's hiding something . The dam , the dead detective , the prosthetics , and even you , Major ... The dam , the dead detective , the prosthetics , and even you , Major ... The dam , the dead detective , the prosthetics , and even you , Major ... The dam , the dead detective , the prosthetics , and even you , Major ... Everything links back to Akira Hose . Everything links back to Akira Hose . You 're just a cheap detective snooping around with flesh eyes ! You 're just a cheap detective snooping around with flesh eyes ! Never show your face here again ! Never show your face here again ! Ouch . You 're an idiot , Colonel ! You 're an idiot , Colonel ! An attack barrier ! Keep calm . If the domestic faction takes away your arms industry rights , If the domestic faction takes away your arms industry rights , you 'll be killed by the cartels . Yet you 're in a rush to kill me off and steal my data ? Yet you 're in a rush to kill me off and steal my data ? Yet you 're in a rush to kill me off and steal my data ? So , you act like a heavyweight , but you couldn 't get my people released ? So , you act like a heavyweight , but you couldn 't get my people released ? So , you act like a heavyweight , but you couldn 't get my people released ? So , you act like a heavyweight , but you couldn 't get my people released ? Where is the data ? Where is the data ? Our deal is over . I 'm thankful for the info on her Our deal is over . I 'm thankful for the info on her Our deal is over . I 'm thankful for the info on her and for Scylla 's revival , but I 'm leaving this country . And for Scylla 's revival , but I 'm leaving this country . And for Scylla 's revival , but I 'm leaving this country . And for Scylla 's revival , but I 'm leaving this country . You do the same . No need . We 've successfully packaged the virus with cyberbrains . We 've successfully packaged the virus with cyberbrains . We 've successfully packaged the virus with cyberbrains . We 've successfully packaged the virus with cyberbrains . We 'll use your cyberbrain for the final upgrade . We 'll use your cyberbrain for the final upgrade . We 'll use your cyberbrain for the final upgrade . Become Scylla , just like you wanted to . Become Scylla , just like you wanted to . " His hands stayed open after he burned " , eh ? " His hands stayed open after he burned " , eh ? " His hands stayed open after he burned " , eh ? It 's just ' like the call said . Two Public Security officers killed , and Akira Hose 's whereabouts unknown - Two Public Security officers killed , and Akira Hose 's whereabouts unknown - Two Public Security officers killed , and Akira Hose 's whereabouts unknown - The Major Wasn 't the target ? Hey , look at ' this list ' . It 's only a guess , but / think the FAEs were the prosthetic limbs themselves - It 's only a guess , but / think the FAEs were the prosthetic limbs themselves - It 's only a guess , but / think the FAEs were the prosthetic limbs themselves - It 's only a guess , but / think the FAEs were the prosthetic limbs themselves - It 's only a guess , but / think the FAEs were the prosthetic limbs themselves - There was another full-cyborg guard in that part of the building . There was another full-cyborg guard in that part of the building . There was another full-cyborg guard in that part of the building . The limbs ' admin records have the same signature on them ... The limbs ' admin records have the same signature on them ... The limbs ' admin records have the same signature on them ... What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Who is this man ? ! My attack barrier expands every second . My attack barrier expands every second . If you don 't want your brain fried , tell me ! If you don 't want your brain fried , tell me ! He 'll die ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... He gave it to my cyberbrain , along with the virus . He gave it to my cyberbrain , along with the virus . He gave it to my cyberbrain , along with the virus . I 'd never been trained , but now I can fight even your people ! I 'd never been trained , but now I can fight even your people ! I 'd never been trained , but now I can fight even your people ! I 'd never been trained , but now I can fight even your people ! Give me a name . Akira Hose ! He 's Japanese , like you ! Akira Hose ! He 's Japanese , like you ! Akira Hose ! He 's Japanese , like you ! Akira Hose ! He 's Japanese , like you ! Hose escaped . Any idea where ? Hose escaped . Any idea where ? Why ask me ? What are your eyes looking at right now ? What are your eyes looking at right now ? Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied . Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied . She 's boss of a Kuzan water company , and most likely the weapons ring 's sponsor . She 's boss of a Kuzan water company , and most likely the weapons ring 's sponsor . She 's boss of a Kuzan water company , and most likely the weapons ring 's sponsor . She 's boss of a Kuzan water company , and most likely the weapons ring 's sponsor . She 's boss of a Kuzan water company , and most likely the weapons ring 's sponsor . So this is the tunnel exit ! So this is the tunnel exit ! A domestic weapons company - Har / madara Hea vy Industries ! A domestic weapons company - Har / madara Hea vy Industries ! A domestic weapons company - Har / madara Hea vy Industries ! The execs are touring Factory One with the Sen / or Vice-Minister of Defense ! The execs are touring Factory One with the Sen / or Vice-Minister of Defense ! The execs are touring Factory One with the Sen / or Vice-Minister of Defense ! Recommend a barrier , and give the data f0 Sect / on .9 . Recommend a barrier , and give the data f0 Sect / on .9 . Paz , Borma , Sa / fo , get over there . Paz , Borma , Sa / fo , get over there . Call the bomb squad and a prosthetics tech . Call the bomb squad and a prosthetics tech . A destructive cyber-attack is more than likely . A destructive cyber-attack is more than likely . What 's the meaning of this , Chief Aramaki ? What 's the meaning of this , Chief Aramaki ? Evacuate immediately . You and this facility are targets . You and this facility are targets . You and this facility are targets . Wh-What 's going on ? ! It 's a bomb ! Run ! - Damn . - Shit ! Paz , Borma ! This way ! Paz , Borma ! This way ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Help me ! Crap , the fire 's closing up my throat . Crap , the fire 's closing up my throat . Mine I00 . That was close . Mine I00 . That was close . Vice-Minister , are you all right ? Vice-Minister , are you all right ? I 'm fine . - Log / coma . - Yes , sir ! - Log / coma . - Yes , sir ! That 's one of our products ... ! Away from the windows ! That 's all the info on Colonel Hozumi . That 's all the info on Colonel Hozumi . That 's fine . We get a card , and you get a grace period . That 's fine . We get a card , and you get a grace period . That 's fine . We get a card , and you get a grace period . That 's fine . We get a card , and you get a grace period . Please tell me what she has to do with Scylla ! Please tell me what she has to do with Scylla ! Please tell me what she has to do with Scylla ! Find out from her . Your contaminated brain is intriguing , Find out from her . Your contaminated brain is intriguing , Find out from her . Your contaminated brain is intriguing , Find out from her . Your contaminated brain is intriguing , but I 'm cutting our connection before the infection spreads . But I 'm cutting our connection before the infection spreads . Goodbye . Contaminated , eh ? I 'm being bankrupted by a special tax on foreign companies ? ! I 'm being bankrupted by a special tax on foreign companies ? ! I 'm being bankrupted by a special tax on foreign companies ? ! How can this be allowed ? ! How can this be allowed ? ! It 's the kind of thing the domestic faction would do . It 's the kind of thing the domestic faction would do . What do you plan to do ? Kill the colonel ? What do you plan to do ? Kill the colonel ? What do you plan to do ? Kill the colonel ? She 's all washed up . And so are you and I. She 's all washed up . And so are you and I. She 's all washed up . And so are you and I. Escape , and obey the domestic faction . Escape , and obey the domestic faction . Your company will be crushed under the pretext of this nation 's taxes . Your company will be crushed under the pretext of this nation 's taxes . Your company will be crushed under the pretext of this nation 's taxes . Your company will be crushed under the pretext of this nation 's taxes . You 'll be killed by the cartels if you don 't do something . You 'll be killed by the cartels if you don 't do something . You okay , Major ? No prob / ems . You go with that detective and subdue the guards . No prob / ems . You go with that detective and subdue the guards . No prob / ems . You go with that detective and subdue the guards . / ' / / take care of Say / la . / ' / / take care of Say / la . / ' / / take care of Say / la . Jeez , so stubborn . That 's a scary lady . Jeez , so stubborn . That 's a scary lady . What ? A Mateba , in this day and age ? What ? A Mateba , in this day and age ? What 's wrong with that ? ! It 's the gun I trust the most . What 's wrong with that ? ! It 's the gun I trust the most . What 's wrong with that ? ! It 's the gun I trust the most . Blood traces . Someone was shot . Blood traces . Someone was shot . Blood traces . Someone was shot . A bullet ... Ariel . So these are the prosthetic bombs . Ariel . So these are the prosthetic bombs . Ariel . So these are the prosthetic bombs . That wasn 't you just now . Who the hell infiltrated my vision ? ! That wasn 't you just now . Who the hell infiltrated my vision ? ! That wasn 't you just now . Who the hell infiltrated my vision ? ! That wasn 't you just now . Who the hell infiltrated my vision ? ! Don 't move ! In that quagmire of a war , Scylla was the only soldier I could empathize with . In that quagmire of a war , Scylla was the only soldier I could empathize with . In that quagmire of a war , Scylla was the only soldier I could empathize with . In that quagmire of a war , Scylla was the only soldier I could empathize with . In that quagmire of a war , Scylla was the only soldier I could empathize with . I 've always wanted to ask you why he was killed . I 've always wanted to ask you why he was killed . I 've always wanted to ask you why he was killed . You didn 't kill Scylla . I finally realized that . You didn 't kill Scylla . I finally realized that . You didn 't kill Scylla . I finally realized that . You didn 't kill Scylla . I finally realized that . Go home . Or your Ariel will activate . Go home . Or your Ariel will activate . Go home . Or your Ariel will activate . Go home . Or your Ariel will activate . Even / can 't stop it . What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exact / y the way you do . / What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exact / y the way you do . / What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exact / y the way you do . / What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exact / y the way you do . / What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exact / y the way you do . / Answer me , Major ! What 's taking the Army so long ? ! We 'll all die like this ! What 's taking the Army so long ? ! We 'll all die like this ! What 's taking the Army so long ? ! We 'll all die like this ! It 's been seized . It won ' 1' stop until we shut down whatever it 's packaged with - It won ' 1' stop until we shut down whatever it 's packaged with - Transplanted memories . What ? The packaged cyberbra / ns are the virus 's hosts - The packaged cyberbra / ns are the virus 's hosts - The packaged cyberbra / ns are the virus 's hosts - They converted the faof / oa / program / set loose in Ohard / sfan to memory . They converted the faof / oa / program / set loose in Ohard / sfan to memory . They converted the faof / oa / program / set loose in Ohard / sfan to memory . They converted the faof / oa / program / set loose in Ohard / sfan to memory . My 00,01 ' - What the hell are you saying ? ! Motoko . I came after you , but in the end , you captured me . I came after you , but in the end , you captured me . I came after you , but in the end , you captured me . I came after you , but in the end , you captured me . It was my cyberbrain that was packaged . It was my cyberbrain that was packaged . If you pull the trigger , you and your comrades will be saved . If you pull the trigger , you and your comrades will be saved . If you pull the trigger , you and your comrades will be saved . What you fell in love with was this world . What you fell in love with was this world . Just keep on going , until the day you 're betrayed . Just keep on going , until the day you 're betrayed . Just keep on going , until the day you 're betrayed . Scylla ... Scylla ... I 'm glad I met you . What ? It stopped ... It 's ironic . They manage to survive a world war , then get stuck in an endless one , They manage to survive a world war , then get stuck in an endless one , They manage to survive a world war , then get stuck in an endless one , They manage to survive a world war , then get stuck in an endless one , and finally end their own lives . And finally end their own lives . Apparently there 's no other way they can stop . Apparently there 's no other way they can stop . Weren 't you the same ? Scylla was you . Scylla was you . You helped the separatist army , then faked your death . You helped the separatist army , then faked your death . You helped the separatist army , then faked your death . Later , the guerillas you led were all killed . Later , the guerillas you led were all killed . Later , the guerillas you led were all killed . I can see why you wouldn 't want to remember that op . I can see why you wouldn 't want to remember that op . I can see why you wouldn 't want to remember that op . I can see why you wouldn 't want to remember that op . Since then , I 've stopped switching bodies so often . Since then , I 've stopped switching bodies so often . Since then , I 've stopped switching bodies so often . It gives me an identity crisis . I lose track of who I am ... It gives me an identity crisis . I lose track of who I am ... It gives me an identity crisis . I lose track of who I am ... It gives me an identity crisis . I lose track of who I am and then I want someone to tell me I 'm not a robot . ... and then I want someone to tell me I 'm not a robot . ... and then I want someone to tell me I 'm not a robot . ... and then I want someone to tell me I 'm not a robot . / s that why you insist on making original tweaks to your mass-production bases ? / s that why you insist on making original tweaks to your mass-production bases ? / s that why you insist on making original tweaks to your mass-production bases ? / s that why you insist on making original tweaks to your mass-production bases ? It 's amazing you even managed to control so many bod / es in such a short ' time - It 's amazing you even managed to control so many bod / es in such a short ' time - It 's amazing you even managed to control so many bod / es in such a short ' time - It 's amazing you even managed to control so many bod / es in such a short ' time - I 'm going to sleep a I / tt / e . You can go . I 'm going to sleep a I / tt / e . You can go . I 'm going to sleep a I / tt / e . You can go . Call it ' cyborg solidarity . / ' / / keep watch and make sure they don 't fit you with any sketchy parts - / ' / / keep watch and make sure they don 't fit you with any sketchy parts - / ' / / keep watch and make sure they don 't fit you with any sketchy parts - All right ' , suit yourself All right ' , suit yourself You could at least say " thanks " ! The bullet at the scene was fired from the lieutenant 's gun . The bullet at the scene was fired from the lieutenant 's gun . The bullet at the scene was fired from the lieutenant 's gun . The bullet at the scene was fired from the lieutenant 's gun . I also found Mizuki 's weapon at the lieutenant 's home . I also found Mizuki 's weapon at the lieutenant 's home . There was a huge deposit into his account , too . There was a huge deposit into his account , too . Good work . You can go . Good work . You can go . Arresting a fellow cop will make you some enemies . Arresting a fellow cop will make you some enemies . You 'll be shot from behind by the guys at his local . You 'll be shot from behind by the guys at his local . You 'll be shot from behind by the guys at his local . I 'll be sure to watch my back . Did you come just to say that ? I 'll be sure to watch my back . Did you come just to say that ? I 'll be sure to watch my back . Did you come just to say that ? Will you join my team ? Will you join my team ? It 's an independent offensive unit with top priority . It 's an independent offensive unit with top priority . Oh , excuse me . Oh , excuse me . Hello ? What ? ! I thought it 'd be another two weeks ! What ? ! I thought it 'd be another two weeks ! No , sorry , got it . I 'll be right there . No , sorry , got it . I 'll be right there . No , sorry , got it . I 'll be right there . This is big ! Her water broke ! This is big ! Her water broke ! Huh ? We 're gonna have a baby ! We 're gonna have a baby ! Just wait , I 'll be right there ! Just wait , I 'll be right there ! We 'll talk another time . I 'm coming now ! Natural , married , and a father ? Natural , married , and a father ? Natural , married , and a father ?
