 Mysterious stone heads . How in the heck did they make these ? Where did they come from ? And how did they move them ? Ancient monuments containing 100-ton blocks . Some of the stones are of such magnitude , modern machinery is incapable of putting them there . And solid granite cut with incredible precision . We ourselves today could not replicate what our ancestors allegedly accomplished with stonemasonry . Throughout the world , there are giant structures that have baffled archaeologists . Could they really have been constructed using primitive tools ? Or might they be the product of alien technology ? Extraterrestrials would not have left without any proof . They wanted that in the far future we start to reflect , have we been visited by outer space ? Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might they have a connection to the world 's most mysterious structures ? On the northwest coast of France , just south of Brittany , lies one of the most important prehistoric sites in Europe . At the seaside village of Carnac , over 3,000 megalithic stones are placed in rows over two miles long . The Carnac stones were hewn from local rock formations and erected between 4500 to 2500 BC , at the end of the Stone Age . They are the largest collection of standing stones in the world . Archaeologists are baffled by the many megaliths at Carnac here . It 's clearly a massive construction project with blocks of granite weighing 50 to 100 , to even up to 350 tons . Legends here say that giants built Carnac . But you have to wonder , what is the real purpose of these giant megaliths , and why would prehistoric people have moved all of these massive stones and placed them in the many alignments here at Carnac ? Thousands of large stones have been arranged in very interesting patterns . They 're arranged in intersecting lines that form triangles that could only be visible from above the earth . These arrangements of stones may have been a way of communicating with extraterrestrial beings . The ancient Greek poet Pindar spoke of a mystical land called Hyperborea , far to the north , where the sun shined 24 hours a day . Legends claim that Apollo visited Hyperborea , traveling in his chariot of fire every 20 years . Apollo would tell to the Greeks , okay , I 'm gonna go see some other people , I 've got to go and teach them . And they 're like , well , where are you off to ? And he 's like , well , I 'm actually going to a place that 's beyond where the north wind comes . It 's the land of the Hyperboreans . Although mainstream archaeologists speculate that the Carnac stones are most likely tomb markers , ancient astronaut theorists believe these stones are intentionally laid out in a unique geometric formation . Many speculations existed since centuries . And only a few years ago , in France , they started to photograph this whole French Brittany by helicopters . And when they put the pictures together , all of a sudden someone realized , hey , this is not coincidence . The distances of the lines are always the same ... 2,860 meters , or exactly the half of 2,860 meters . The angles are always the same . It 's Pythagorean triangles . It 's all a gigantic geometrical pattern from Stone Age , which is impossible . Our Stone Age people had no idea of Pythagoras ' triangles . Pythagoras was about 420 BC . Even though the geometric arrangement of the Carnac stones predates the Pythagorean theorem by more than 2,000 years , one question remains . Why were the stones arranged in such a precise pattern ? The Carnac Stones are one of the few things on the planet that can actually be seen from space . And they 're a perfect marker for any kind of aerial vehicle looking down on the earth . Many of the tourists who come here to Carnac claim that they can actually feel the energy emanating from these granite megaliths . How did these ancient people know about this energy ? And is it possible that they were able to use this energy to even move and erect these giant stones ? I am of the opinion that they were made on purpose . The extraterrestrials told our ancestor , do this , and this . It 's not the extraterrestrials who made the stone lines . It 's the humans who made it , but by the order of the extraterrestrials . But were the Carnac stones a signpost for an ancient astronaut called Apollo as he flew his spacecraft high above the land ? If the Greek god Apollo was really some kind of ancient astronaut , it 's possible that the stones here at Carnac were a directional finder pointing the way to the far north , to the Hyperborea of the ancient gods . Over 1,000 miles north of Carnac lies Scandinavia , home to an ancient people called the Norse . The Norse were tribal Germanic people who lived in what is now known as Sweden , Denmark , Iceland and Norway . Norse legends record the triumphs of great warriors with advanced weaponry , sophisticated combat techniques , and navigational prowess . Like the Greeks , Norse mythology includes supernatural beings , other worlds and powerful gods . But like the Romans , could the Norse myths refer not to different gods , but the same gods as those depicted by the ancient Greeks ? There are a number of similarities between Greek mythology and Norse mythology , and many of the gods are , uh , almost identical . And they do much the same thing . Descriptions of the Viking god Odin , the god of war , death and knowledge ... and the Greek god Zeus , bear striking similarities . Zeus and Odin are both sky father gods . They travel through the skies in chariots because they are akin to the solar , uh , divinities . The precursor to many , uh , religious beliefs is sun worship . The ancients knew that life came from the sun . So that is a great mystery and a source of great awe . What you 're getting there is not just some minor deity , but you really are nailing it down to one of the chief deities . This is a very important character . And so whoever is behind Odin or Zeus is obviously a person or a divine entity , which is shared by these cultures . And it 's clear that whoever inspired the myth of ... of Zeus or Odin is somehow somebody who had an extremely important contribution to make to both civilizations . So this entity was definitely known throughout Europe . Could the Norse and Greek gods really have been the same extraterrestrial beings ? Did they use the megalithic stones at Carnac as a directional marker that could be seen from high above the earth ? And if so , is it possible that this site ... and other megalithic structures around the world ... really were built with the help of otherworldly technology ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim further proof can be found by examining megalithic rocks in Bolivia cut with incredible precision . Palm Springs , California . Master stonemason and sculptor Roger Hopkins uses a variety of advanced tools to cut and shape hard stones . Powered implements such as diamond-tipped wires and polishers enable him to fashion works of art out of huge granite blocks obtained from nearby quarries . Yet even with these high-tech tools , Hopkins cannot replicate what ancient civilizations accomplished thousands of years ago . Could these advanced engineering methods be the smoking gun that proves humans had help from alien beings ? The precision on some of the work that I 've seen is just ... incredible . It 's possible to do by hand , but it 'd take an incredible amount of time . Plus , you have to have years of experience to be able to pull it off . In my opinion , the most tangible pieces of evidence that we have regarding possible extraterrestrial technology is when we look at the ancient stonecutting techniques . Because , in some instances , we ourselves today could not replicate what our ancestors allegedly accomplished with stonemasonry . Puma Punku is a large temple complex located on a high plateau in Bolivia . Mainstream archaeologists date the site from approximately 200 BC . The people who lived here had neither a written language nor the wheel , yet somehow they built one of the world 's most complex structures . Ancient alien theorists view Puma Punku as clear proof of extraterrestrial influence . The ruins we find at Puma Punku are simply extraordinary . Puma Punku defies logic . The interest of Puma Punku is not so much that the individual stones sorted together perfectly but the fact that the stones , as such , are of such tremendous design that it requires concepts of mathematics which are far beyond anything we are actually using right now . Yet somehow in the past , somebody has made that for a specific purpose , and in a way which even computer programs today would kind of go , how is this possible ? In the highlands of Bolivia , Puma Punku . Some of these blocks are over 40 to 50 tons each . What can you tell us about this ? Boy , they ... they had their , uh , stonecutting abilities , you know , pretty well fine-tuned for 5,000 years old . I mean , uh , it 's almost unbelievable . But the ... these cutting planes that they have on here are very impressive . And some of the incise cuts . See like in ... in here , all these interior cuts , very hard to do . I mean , it would be difficult for us ... with the ... our equipment ... to get that kind of precision . - Let 's talk a little bit ... - God . - about inside boxes . - Ooh , I was afraid you were gonna pull something like this on me . That is a hell of a piece of work . I mean , if we were to do something like that today , we 'd use what they have these , uh , computer-driven CNC machines which are ... have diamond tips and , uh , you have a template that , you know , the computer follows . And even then , it may not come out as perfect . Because , even though you can tell that - obviously , this piece broke off ... - HOPKINS : Mm-hmm . nowhere in here can you see any imperfection . It 's like ... and by the way , when you 're there , if you go with your finger over these edges and you put a little pressure on your fingertip , you can cut yourself . This is how sharp the edges are . But where could the ancient peoples have developed such technology ? Is it really possible that extraterrestrial visitors provided different construction methods and tools ? When I saw these blocks , I didn 't really think that they were cut . The first thing really that I thought of was this appears very similar to Frank Lloyd Wright 's textile block system of construction which he used in his California houses in the early 1920s . Now , what he did was he took concrete , poured it into molds . There actually are ancient Incan legends that suggest that they had the capability of softening the stone . At Sacsayhuamán , for example , we find these gigantic stone blocks , gigantic stone walls where it looks as if those stones were molten , put into place , and then the stone hardened again . Is it possible that the precision-cut stones at Puma Punku are really the product of extraterrestrial technology ? Perhaps further clues can be found halfway around the world , with an ancient civilization that was found buried beneath the earth . Located more than 500 miles away from the crowded streets of Istanbul is Sanliurfa , in southeastern Turkey . There , in 1994 , on a dusty hilltop , a local shepherd noticed the tip of a stone sticking out of his field . He began to dig , eventually unearthing a 19-foot pillar . Its edges were precise , and rising from its center was a relief carving of a strange animal . Upon closer examination , it appeared that the finely chiseled stone had been fashioned by talented stonemasons , working with advanced tools . When word of the discovery reached the scientific community , one fact became obvious : a Kurdish shepherd had stumbled upon what is perhaps the most astonishing archaeological discovery in modern times ... a site known as Gobekli Tepe . For 13 years , a German archaeology team has been meticulously going into a hill . And they have been doing carbon dating , as deep as they go . It has taken them 13 years to uncover only five percent of a gigantic civilization . They know what 's under the ground . Circles upon circles upon circles , perfect circles in stone . And rising up out of those stone circles are huge sculpted columns ... 19 feet high , 15 tons per column . Test results have supported the idea that Gobekli Tepe is nearly 12,000 years old , almost 7,000 years older than Mesopotamia 's Fertile Crescent , long heralded as the cradle of civilization . In Gobekli Tepe , the oldest advanced site now on our planet . We know of no other site that is this advanced . And it has now doubled the history of humanity . And right there is this gigantic site with huge megalithic circular structures . It just stands there , a mystery , asking us to go figure , how was this done ? What 's the background to this ? We don 't know who made them . They just come out of the darkness of the last ice age ... where we know nothing ... and enter the stage of history already fully formed . And to my mind , this is indicative of a major forgotten episode in human history . Curiously , after 13 years of digging , archaeologists investigating the ancient site have failed to recover a single stonecutting tool . Nor have they found any agricultural implements . How in the world can you contemplate 19-foot-tall , perfectly sculpted columns that are 11,000 to 12,000 years old , and no tools . The mystery of Gobekli Tepe is further compounded by the ancient stone carvings found throughout the site . They depict creatures like wild boars and geese . We see various types of creatures ... different animals , birds , insects and even abstract human forms that seem to come together to create this very weird menagerie which has totally baffled the archaeologists who have uncovered this site . Now , what they represent is a matter of speculation , but it 's my intuition that they may even represent a ... ark in stone . Located less than 350 miles from Mount Ararat ... the site many biblical scholars believe to be the resting place of Noah 's Ark ... the animal carvings of Gobekli Tepe suggest a time in the region 's history when the indigenous animal population may have been of a totally different origin . But do these carvings actually provide historical proof of the great flood that was described in the Bible ? Archaeologists are aware that there are more than 2,000 myths of a ... a great flood , which destroyed an earlier civilization . Some researchers theorize that the events of a cataclysmic flood and a story similar to that told of Noah 's Ark was recorded on the stone pillars of Gobekli Tepe . If true , that would push the date of the great flood back to the end of the last ice age , far earlier than the biblical period . There is evidence that this may have ended quite catastrophically . There was a lot of things happening , um , a lot of migrations , possibly waters rising up very quickly , uh , a lot of rapid changes in lifestyles . But another perhaps even more profound question remains . Who built Gobekli Tepe ? For what purpose ? And how did such an ancient site remain in nearly pristine condition for more than 10,000 years ? In the case of Gobekli Tepe , we find that the site was carefully placed underneath sand . This site was buried . It appears as if somehow the usage of Gobekli Tepe was no longer there and that people moved on but had such a reverence to this important site that rather than destroy it , they put it to peace by burying it . Is it possible that the people at Gobekli Tepe had such reverence for the site because it really was built with the help of alien technology ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and claim further evidence that extraterrestrials were behind the construction of the world 's most mysterious structures can be found in Lebanon , by examining a site that dates back nearly 9,000 years . Eastern Lebanon , the Bekaa Valley . Here at this archaeological site stand the ruins of Heliopolis , built in the fourth century BC . by Alexander the Great to honor Zeus . But beneath the Corinthian columns and remnants of both Greek and Roman architecture lie the ruins of a site that is much , much older . According to archaeologists , it dates back nearly 9,000 years : the ancient city of Baalbek , named after the early Canaanite deity , Baal . Baal is the god of life , the god of the sky , the god of the sun . He was the god that was venerated on the site of Baalbek during the Canaanite and the Phoenician times . And so , because it was already sacred to the god Baal , then later the Greeks and the Romans then would build temples on this very same spot . Archaeological surveys have revealed that the enormous stone foundation that lies at the base of the site dates back tens of thousands of years . Baalbek , as we know from the archaeological evidence , must have existed during the Neolithic Period , between 6000 to 8000 years or even 9000 years BC . But even more significant to ancient astronaut theorists is their belief that the colossal stone platform may once have served as a landing pad for space travelers . We don 't know why Baalbek was chosen as this specific site . Uh , it may well be some kind of special power place . But what was originally there before the Roman temple was this spaceport platform that was apparently used for extraterrestrials coming and going on planet Earth . As evidence , researchers point to the gigantic megalithic stones incorporated into the foundation , each weighing between 800 to 1,200 tons and perfectly fitted together . This is the real mystery of Baalbek , how these stones came to be there , why they were placed there and specifically how they were transported into place , because some of the stones are of such magnitude that modern machinery is incapable of putting them there , but somehow our ancestors were able to do this . Some have suggested that this stone alone weighs in excess of 1,200 tons . How was it moved there ? Because obviously it 's situated on top of these stone rows that we can find down here , which means that this stone had to be lifted and then set on top of these stones down here . And because these stones were gigantic , ancient people assumed t hat extraterrestrial or unknown forces brought them to the site itself . It is one of the oldest , oldest megalithic sites on the planet , and it has these huge stones laid out in a precise geometrical shape at a time when the prehistoric people who would have lived there , who would have gone to the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon , would have no concept of how to move stones of that nature . But if the moving , hoisting and setting of such massive stones was so incredibly difficult , then who or what placed them there ? And perhaps more importantly : Why ? We know that the ancients always went to power places , and Baalbek clearly is one of them . It is a place where the gods were worshipped , where the gods were said to be present . And so when it comes to Baalbek , this platform was built there for a reason . For what purpose it was used is a question we can 't answer at this moment in time . But what we do know is that whatever was happening there had a great religious significance to them and was linked with worshipping deities , deities which clearly are of an otherworldly origin . Is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that Baalbek had been considered a sacred place for tens of thousands of years because it was where extraterrestrial beings first arrived on Earth ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining other megalithic stones on Easter Island . The South Pacific Ocean . 2,300 miles west of South America , in one of the most remote places on Earth , giant stone figures stand with their backs to the sea . Called moai by the native inhabitants , they are the silent sentinels of Easter Island . The moais are scattered throughout the island , and they 're positioned on top of ... of platforms , for the most part . A moai is a ... is a stone sculpture of a deceased ancestor . They were once living individuals who ruled the society or led the society . They were chiefs , and then , upon their death , we believe that they 've become represented in stone . Nearly 900 moai were carved between the 12th and 18th centuries . Hewn with stone tools from volcanic rock , the tallest stands a towering 33 feet high and weighs a staggering 75 tons . They were probably even more unique ... looking , uh , in the past . They may have been painted . And they also had large white coral eyes with obsidian pupils . So it 's a very effective way of kind of telling people , not verbally but symbolically , that someone 's watching you and you should toe the line . You should do what you 're supposed to do . The people who created the moai called themselves the Rapa Nui , and mainstream historians believe their Polynesian ancestors came to the island in canoes from across the vast Pacific Ocean between 700 and 1100 A.D. But over several centuries , for reasons that are still unclear , what was once an island paradise withered into a treeless desert stalked by famine , violence and , some say , cannibalism . When the first Europeans arrived in 1722 , the Rapa Nui culture had already been nearly wiped out , and few could imagine how such primitive people could have created the moai . How in the heck did they make these ? Where did they come from ? And how did they move them ? Nobody has the answer . Modern scientists have tried and so far have failed to duplicate the feats of the ancient Rapa Nui . In 1987 , anthropologist Charles Love used rollers to move a nine-ton moai replica at Western Wyoming Community College . Ready ? On three . One , two , three . Come on . Come on . Good ! Thank you . Whoa . Only able to budge it about half an inch . Other researchers have tried pulling moai with sleds . But there is a unique problem with the idea of moving moai with sleds or rollers . When you go to Easter Island , you don 't get the impression they had enough wood to have rollers . And , in fact , in the 1700s , the first four expeditions to Easter Island never really saw a tree . And so that 's the real mystery of Easter Island . How can you move a multi-ton statue if you have no trees for rollers ? According to the oral history of the Rapa Nui , the moai were moved in a very unusual way . They all reply basically the same thing . The moai walked to the ahu , and that 's the only explanation that they give . But who or what had the power to make multi-ton moai appear to walk to their ahu , or stone platforms ? In 1919 , British archaeologist Katherine Routledge , who lived on Easter Island for a year , recorded the legends and testimony of an old woman who said the moai were moved with a mystical energy called mana . And , according to the oral histories of the Rapa Nui , mana came from the gods . Mana was a direct gift of the gods given to the Easter Islanders . Was this mana really a type of magical force ? Of course not . It was some type of misunderstood technology , some type of a device , an extraterrestrial tool with which you could move those massive Easter Island heads rather easily . Did early inhabitants of Easter Island really know how to unlock the secrets of gravity using mana ? And , if so , where might such power over the physical world have come from ? Might these astounding abilities , forever lost to time , have been made possible by extraterrestrial visitors ? Perhaps further evidence can be found with a mysterious structure in southern Florida built from 30-ton coral blocks . Homestead , Florida , 30 miles south of Miami . This former agricultural town is home to one of the most mysterious structures in North America , a stone garden made of sculpted blocks of ancient coral , some weighing 30 tons . It 's called the Coral Castle . Spread over several acres , the complex formations and intricate designs of the stone walls and sculptures marvel tourists . But unlike other great structures around the world , this site is not ancient . Coral Castle in Florida is often said to be , uh , the only modern megalithic structure ever built . In 1923 , Ed Leedskalnin , a Latvian immigrant , began building what he originally called Rock Gate Park . But believe it or not , Leedskalnin insisted that he was not using modern machinery to build the impressive structure . He also claimed that he was working alone . Well , Ed was a hermit and Ed was a loner and he was a foreigner and he was a recluse and a scientist . He was in love with a woman , and he wanted to build this facility in memory of her . And he waited for her to come from Europe , and he waited and he waited , and she never did . But the big question is , is how did this frail little man move these thousands of pounds of block by himself . Barely over five feet tall and weighing just 100 pounds , Leedskalnin is said to have carved , moved and hoisted huge multi-ton stones using only a makeshift tripod . He has a tripod , three pieces of Florida Pine and he 's got some chains , and he 's now gonna lift 30 tons , ten tons of rock ... can 't be done . No one could do that . He would work at night ... he wouldn 't let anybody watch him . And he said that he knew the secrets of the pyramids . But what exactly was Leedskalnin referring to ? Had he rediscovered the same advanced technology used to build megalithic structures like Carnac a nd Gobekli Tepe ? Ed over and over again would tell people that he knew the secrets that helped the Egyptians build the pyramids . What was he talking about ? Why was he constantly harking back to the Egyptians ? We don 't know . Leedskalnin continued work on the Coral Castle until his death in 1951 . In the journals he left behind , the builder explained that he had discovered the ancient secret of transforming stones into weightless objects . Ed says this in his pamphlet , Magnetic Current , that real gravity is actually real magnet . So if you reverse the magnet forces with a force of some kind of electromagnetic radio , perhaps , frequency , you can then make these rocks not as heavy as they seem otherwise and therefore you can lift them . But if Leedskalnin had developed a device that could modify gravity , what was his secret ? Some suggest the answer lies in a mysterious black box that can be seen in various photographs , a box that has since disappeared . The black box sitting on top is the element that no one has ever seen except in those pictures , and no one has today . We believe that black box has something to do with how he got these massive , heavy , brittle pieces of rock up in the air in a way that no one can duplicate . He had some kind of magnetic machine down in one of his other house areas that has since been dismantled , but it had a revolving ability . He may have been having that thing spin . The whole place could have been antigravity . He probably just pushed these into place . Levitation is the only way that I know of to hold up very heavy objects . Very , very high-speed trains are magnetically levitated . These high-speed trains don 't have wheels that touch any tracks . They 're literally suspended above the track using magnetic forces . We can speculate at this time that there are techniques for using electromagnetism to nullify gravity . Uh , this was the great quest of Einstein . The motivation for such technology is , of course , to lift a large spaceship out into space and across space . All right . Could it be that Ed Leedskalnin utilized antigravity to levitate and distribute the enormous rocks used to build Coral Castle ? If so , where did this incredible knowledge come from ? And he died , taking this secret to his grave . The question is , did he invent it , or did he himself somehow inherit it or learn it from a tradition or maybe from some visitor from another realm ? The only thing that is explainable is that someone with a higher form of physics and understanding of gravity has created the ability of one person to lift stones that modern technology could not do , the way he did it . It had to come from a different place in this galaxy . The fact that one guy created these massive structures is absolutely fascinating . Am I suggesting that he did this with extraterrestrial technology ? No , because I don 't know . Am I excluding that possibility ? No . If aliens visited Earth in ancient times , perhaps the world 's mysterious stone structures can provide clues not only to mankind 's past but to its future . I think that extraterrestrials would not have left our solar system some thousands of years ago without any proof . They wanted that in the far future we start to reflect , " Have we been visited by outer space ? " Could additional evidence still lie hidden right before our eyes ? Evidence that , when found , will prove once and for all that we are not alone ?
