 Previously on " The Lottery " ... Man : First viable human embryo in six years . One hundred human eggs have been successfully fertilized . I will need your access key to the lab and computer passwords . You can 't do this . You can 't fire me . The decision has been made . Darius : The next step , Mr. president , is to officially engage the army to oversee the operation . Vanessa , what do you suggest ? A lottery . Send me one single file . One donor . Man : Brooke Ashton . You fertilized human eggs ? Yours was one of them . Oh , my God . You want me to steal her fertilized egg , which happens to be one of the most valuable things on the planet ? No . - Man : Brooke Ashton ? - Yes . I 'm with the fertility commission . James : They sent everybody home early to watch the president 's speech . Man : We took care of the Brooke Ashton situation . - Suicide ? - Yes . This is the guy who fertilized Brooke 's egg . Kyle : Where is Elvis ? He 's fine . He 's being evaluated . Tell me where my son is ! Man : You 're not allowed to be up here . Let me just get my pass . Word of a kidnapping . Elvis Walker , one of the so-called " Last Six " ... - Where is the embryo ? - I 'm not giving it back . For God 's sake , Al , what the hell are you getting yourself into ? No . [ Grunts ] Let go of me ! No ! [ Tires squeal ] _ Where are you taking me ? What the hell is going on here ? [ Door opens ] [ Breathing shakily ] You 're under arrest , Dr. Lennon . Arrest ? You stole a human embryo . That 's a class-a felony . It was created by my team ... In my lab . It belongs to the United States government . - Where is it ? - I want a lawyer . Doesn 't work that way . - You can 't deny my request for ... - This is a fertility crime . There 's no due process , no constitutional safeguards ... just us . So , where is it ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . _ Elvis : Why did we run out of the hospital ? If you run , you get out of there faster than if you walk . Was I sick ? No . No , I-I think one of the doctors made a mistake . See , he thought you were sick , but you weren 't . That 's why we left . Make sense , Elvis ? There 's too much at stake . These embryos are the most valuable assets on the planet . Did you sell it ? You working with someone else ... A foreign power ? Biotech firm ? I 'm a scientist . And you 're also a criminal and , according to the fertility penal code , a terrorist . Man : Great speech tonight , Mr. president . [ Indistinct conversations ] Deputy secretary , I hardly recognized you without your sweatpants and hoodie . In the last 10 minutes , I 've received 300 phone calls from China , Romania , Lithuania . They all want to know what 's in it for them . Your point ? The lottery has unleashed an international shit storm . Good . So you 'll actually earn your paycheck this week . Go to hell . Coming over tonight ? Good . [ Alarm beeping ] Abduction alert . Abduction alert . Authorities are looking for Kyle Walker . Authorities are looking for Kyle ... [ Beeping stops ] [ Pants zip ] Kyle : You finished ? Yeah . Yeah ? Let 's get going . What 's the matter ? My arm itches . Your arm ? Let me see . Because of the thing the man put inside my arm . A man put a thing in your arm ? You might want to grab one of your superhero masks 'cause you are gonna need all the strength you can find . [ Sighs ] This is gonna hurt . So ... I just want you to pretend that you 're a superhero , and this is what you got to do to save the world . Okay ? Okay . Now look away from me , buddy . 'Cause superheroes ... They need to be free . Can 't have tiny , little things in their arms to let the bad guys know where they are . One ... two ... three . [ Sirens wailing in distance ] You bastards . We 're gonna find it . It 's not a matter of " if , " but " when , " which means right now is your best opportunity ... to help yourself . Help myself ? If I tell you where it is , you won 't need me anymore , and you 'll kill me ... Or help me commit suicide ... Like Brooke . What ... wait . What ... stop it ! Aah ! Aah ! Wait ! [ Grunts ] No . Stop ! [ Grunting ] No ! [ Panting ] [ Sighs ] This is your last chance . Like I said ... The stakes are too high . Aah ! [ Gasps ] [ Screaming ] Really ? 4 : 48 ? I 'm going for a run . [ Sighs ] It 's too early for a drive , let alone a run . I still can 't believe it . One hundred viable human embryos . [ Cellphone beeps ] This could be the end of the fertility crisis . Unfortunately , our international partners have a different perspective . Screw them . Is that the president 's official position ? [ Chuckles ] Pretty much , yeah . When do you leave for your Asian-appeasement tour ? This afternoon . [ Sighs ] 12 countries , 3 days . Ugh . When I get back , who knows ? Maybe we could actually go out on a proper date . [ Chuckles ] I wouldn 't count on it . Oh , no , I just ... I like things the way they are ... Private , no obligations . What 's the real reason ? Excuse me ? Am I bad for your brand ? What does that mean ? I was just kidding . About what ... My integrity ? Relax . It was a joke . - Not to me . - I don 't understand ... No , you wouldn 't , would you ? You never had to work a day in your life . Rich parents , diversity . Whoa , whoa . Slow down . It was all handed to you on a polished Tiffany platter . Unlike you , I have earned my success ... Every damn bit of it . And this job means everything to me , so please do not judge me on how I build my brand . Are you kidding ? The lottery 's creating a bit of an international headache . 12 countries have credible , legal claims to one or more embryos . So far , 10 have made informal inquiries . Two have filed legal documents with the international court of justice . To be expected . International white noise . Valid or not , the legal claims are unenforceable ... And irrelevant . President Westwood : Promise them military assistance , aid , debt relief , whatever else you want . No one gets an embryo . They belong to us . I understand , Mr. president , but I should also point out ... These countries also have legal recourse under the G25 fertility alliance . Since you were the lead sponsor of that ... Nathan , no one gets an embryo ! Elvis : Where 's Canada ? Kyle : About two hundred miles straight ahead . My dad used to take me there in the summers . There 's a big lake , mountains . Teach you how to ride a horse . You 're gonna love it . Will my mom be there ? No , your mom will not be there . Man : President Westwood 's decision to hold a national lottery has certainly stirred up a lot of emotion . What do you think ? Is the lottery a good idea ? I 'm joined by Emile Fritz , 32 , and Sara Bell , 27 . Emile 's a former 3rd-grade teacher who , 10 minutes ago , entered her name in the national lottery . Sara 's 27 , a freelance writer , and a conscientious objector to what she calls the baby raffle . Emile , talk to us . Why 'd you enter ? Simple ... my husband and I want to be parents , badly , and the lottery might be our only chance to fulfill this dream . I mean , how could I not enter ? So , motherhood 's very important to you ? Oh , it 's everything . I know this might sound old-fashioned , but right now , I feel incomplete . Having a baby will change that . - Best of luck to you . - Thank you . Sara Bell , however , has a different point of view . Sara , tell me ... Why did you decide not to enter the lottery ? Uh , well , for starters , I don 't think that the government has the right to raffle off embryos . You believe the donors deserve them ? I think they should be first in line , that 's for sure . Do you want to have children ? Sure . Someday . But not like this . So , what about this ... This whole embryo controversy ? You believe president Westwood , or are the embryos fake ? It wouldn 't shock me . I mean , president Westwood ... He 's a phony . I mean , maybe the embryos are phony , too . President Westwood : You hear what they 're saying about us ? This isn 't what we talked about , Vanessa . A two-point bump ? You said my approval ratings would soar . This was supposed to be our Moon Landing . Sir , the opposition got out in front of us . They distorted the message , claimed the embryos were fake , that we 're making the whole thing up to thwart a potential recall vote . I was under the impression that it 's your job to distort the message , to get out in front of things . I have a press conference tomorrow . You need to figure this out now . Let me be perfectly candid ... The lottery was your idea . You wanted to inspire hope , unify a fractured nation , stave off civil unrest . Well , you got your wish . You 're my chief of staff . Now find a way to make this lottery look like a good idea . Where is she ? Where 's Dr. Lennon ? - Darius ... - What are you doing here ? What the hell 's going on ? That 's not your concern . She stole an embryo . She refused to cooperate . What are you doing to her ? For God 's sake , get her out of there . I 'm acting on behalf of the president . Get her the hell out of there now . I called your lab . I heard you like lemon soda . First of all ... Let me just apologize for the confusion . The good news is , I can make this go away , but I 'll need your help . The president wants you to be the scientific face of the lottery ... Help us market the concept , the credibility . In exchange , we 'll drop the charges and restore your job ... Once you return the embryo . After what you 've just been through , please just return it . If you don 't , there 's nothing I can do to protect you . The embryo is the only thing keeping me alive . Dr. Lennon , I am trying to help you , but you have to trust me . I promise you , you will walk out of here . I promise you , you will have your job back . We can put it all in writing . We need you , Dr. Lennon . The country needs you . Just so you know , Dr. Lennon , I didn 't agree with this decision , but having said that , I believe in second chances , so please make the most of this opportunity . Don 't worry about him . Stay focused . Do your job . Fertilize more eggs . - Wait here . - Elvis : Okay . [ Gun cocks ] Don 't shoot . I 'm unarmed . Kyle ? [ Sighs ] You scared the hell out of me . I scared you . Right . [ Chuckles ] [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry I didn 't call . I-I get it . I get it . You 're all over the Internet . Stay as long as you want . I know what it 's like . Trust me . [ Door opens ] Hey . Look at you . She 's getting so big and beautiful . Thank you . Elvis . Come on . She 's never seen a boy her own age before . Neither has he . I don 't know . I feel like I 'm going crazy . There 's something going on here ... something bad . Like what ? Like Darius Hayes . I think he killed Brooke . Brooke ... The ... the egg donor ? The woman who committed suicide ? [ Scoffs ] That 's what the police say . You don 't believe it ? I talked to her right before she died . She was excited . She 'd hired a lawyer . She wasn 't on the verge of killing herself . Look , I realize that you 've been through a lot . You have no idea what I 've been through . - Well , then tell me . - I can 't . Al , look at me . It 's me , okay ? Come on . You can tell me . They said if I talk about it ... Where I was , what happened ... They 'd pull the deal and file charges . Who ? The Department of Humanity ... Darius . President Westwood : So , let 's figure out how the lottery will work . Dr. Campbell ? From a medical perspective , all I care about is having one hundred healthy , active surrogates willing to adhere to a proper diet and exercise regimen . As for the motherhood part of this , it really isn 't a medical debate . Being a good mother is a subjective thing . I don 't know how you could possibly prescreen for that . You can 't , but that doesn 't mean we shouldn 't try and find a way to prescreen the surrogates for motherhood , too . There are clearly objective data points that are predictive of stable parenting . I get that , but how do we do it without looking like assholes ? We decide what a great mother is ... Her values , her lifestyle , where she went to school , who they 're married to . He said without looking like assholes . Who are we to decide what makes a good mother ? Is she gay , straight , rich , poor , single ? I agree , but we also can 't give one hundred embryos to just anyone . Which raises another question . What will the government 's role be in the children 's lives going forward ? Role ? What I am suggesting , sir , is , given the state of the world right now , shouldn 't we , in effect , be the mother ? For God 's sake , Darius . We can 't just relinquish control of the embryos ... Our embryos . We need to maintain a certain ownership interest . Ownership ? We 're talking about children here . With all due respect , Mr. president , our previous folksy , preconceived notions of motherhood and childhood no longer apply . That ship has sailed . Look , we 're talking about two different issues here ... Surrogacy and parenting . What makes someone a good surrogate doesn 't necessarily make them a good parent , and vice versa . So , what we really need to do is address this in two parts . Part one ... we choose two hundred biologically viable surrogates from the thousands of women who meet the agreed-upon medical criteria . Part two ... we invite those two hundred women to D.C. We interview them , and we choose the one hundred women we think will make the best mothers . Supervised democracy . Start writing the speech . _ Damn it . It 's not working . I can 't fertilize any more eggs . If it isn 't the chemical protocol , then what is it ? I mean , the eggs ? The sperm ? [ Sighs ] I think we got to explore some of these donors . Maybe there 's some sort of ... I don 't know ... Like a common chemical connection among them ... Something we haven 't discovered . What the hell 's going on here ? What ? All the donor information 's been deleted . For everyone ... all one hundred . Who did this ? And why would they delete the files ? So , the only names we have are Brooke and Kyle . One 's dead , and one 's a fugitive . Awesome . Elvis and I need to get out of the country . I got a friend in Quebec . Hmm . So that 's why you chose me ... Geographic reasons . You 're a friend , Camille . You know what I 'm going through . I got an army buddy who lives nearby in Buffalo . He 's gonna hook us up with new passports . Stay as long as you want . And you don 't have to worry about the government , either . Department of Humanity just finished their monthly evaluation , so they won 't be back for another 30 days . Bastards . How dare they evaluate my motherhood skills ? [ Children laughing ] Like a song you don 't hear anymore . [ Glass shatters ] What is it ? It 's his Insulin . Blood sugar 's a little high . Did you eat something ? A cupcake . You said I could have one . Right . One . How many did you have ? - Two . - Two ? Where are you going ? To get Insulin . [ Door opens , closes ] Thanks for meeting with me . Of course . Like I told you , I 'm here to help . I 'm worried that ... I just tried to access our database , but all the information relating to the one hundred egg and sperm donors has been deleted . What ? Why ? I 'm not sure . But I need all the information I can get . Those donors could be the key to us finding a cure . You wanted me to help you . Now you need to help me . I understand . I 'll look into it . I promise . Dr. Lennon ? I take it you haven 't been able to fertilize any more eggs ? No . Not yet . I thought you were hopeful . I was . Unfortunately , science is not about hope . It 's about reality . I 'm sorry . Darius : The problem is the president still believes a lottery should feel Democratic ... Fun . I think he 's getting drunk on the chief of staff 's kool-aid . So he won 't sign off on military control of the surrogates ? Not yet . I think he needs to hear a new perspective from a leader he trusts , like the Chairman of the joint chiefs . I 'm certainly willing to discuss the issue with him . Good . He needs a reality check . Right now , he 's more concerned with politics than security . From what I hear , he should be . So , I can count on you ? You and I have always seen eye to eye , Darius . President Westwood : What do you mean " unsuccessful " ? I just spoke to Dr. Lennon . She hasn 't been able to fertilize any more eggs . She was hopeful , but she thought the magical solution was the new chemical protocol , and , apparently , it was not . So we 're nowhere ? What am I supposed to say tomorrow ? These embryos need to feel like the beginning , not the end . What the hell good are one hundred embryos if you don 't have another 500 or 5,000 behind them ? The whole point of this is hope . We need to ring that bell every chance we get . Forgive me , father , for I am about to sin . I 'm gonna run a quick errand , okay ? [ Truck horn blares ] [ Telephone rings ] Hello ? Kyle : Yeah , I just drove by your pharmacy . There 's smoke coming from the back alley . What the hell ? I spoke with commissioner Hayes . He 's doing his best to find out what happened to the donor information . I want you to know we both understand how important this is . Thank you . Did you have a chance to look over the speech I sent you ? Yes , I did . It 's full of lies . We 're ... We 're trying to paint a positive picture of the future . To accomplish that , we need you to express optimism . This isn 't optimism . It 's horseshit . I have no idea why I was able to fertilize those eggs ... Or if I 'll be able to do it again ... ever . So I certainly can 't say we 're on the verge of finding a cure . Nothing could be farther from the truth . I respect your desire to do the right thing , but , unfortunately , you signed an agreement . If you don 't cooperate , that deal goes away , and charges will be filed . So you 're gonna charge me with a crime for not lying ? This isn 't about lying or not lying . This isn 't about you or your moral constitution , either . This is about us ... This country ... Inspiring hope , preventing a civil war . I understand our predicament , but I 'm not gonna whore out my scientific integrity and defraud the nation . The speech is tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 . Oh , great . Goddamn roadblock . Elvis : I feel funny . Camille : Let 's check , okay ? Everything 's gonna be all right . Hey . [ Cellphone ringing ] Okay . Drink up , sweetie . It 's very important . Your dad said you need lots of water . You need to drink the whole glass . Okay ? Every drop . [ Ringing continues ] Kyle : Hello ? Hey . Elvis isn 't doing too well . How are his eyes ? Are they open ? Yes , but he ... he 's having a hard time seeing . Some things are blurry . He needs water ... As much as you can give him . He 's not responding . I need to call an ambulance . - No , you won 't . - I 'm not a doctor , Kyle . - I can 't just let him die . - He won 't . - I 'm almost there . - I can 't risk it . They will take him , Camille ... for good . Just hang in there , all right ? I 'll get there . I promise . Just keep giving him water . All right , please hurry . [ Dialing ] [ Telephone ringing ] Man : Police department . Hi . Uh , yeah , you know that guy that 's all over the news ? - Kyle Walker ? - Yes , sir . Yeah , I-I think I just saw him heading south on Cedar Drive . Thank you very much , sir . Sure thing . Come on . [ Sirens wailing ] There we go . There we go . [ Tires squeal ] Langdon : Sir , we 've studied the logistics . Given the medical and security issues , I recommend the military oversee the surrogates . They can be housed in existing facilities , and we can provide some form of supervised access for family members . President Westwood : We 've already talked about this . The lottery has to feel Democratic , open . We can 't make it look like we 're throwing these women in jail . But , sir , the country would feel a deeper sense of security if it saw the government take complete control . I 'm already getting hammered on this crap ... Big government , big military , loss of personal freedom , privacy . If the military takes this over , they 're gonna riot in the streets . Kind of defeats the purpose . The lottery winners have to feel like they 're living normal lives . The country has to feel like they 've finally turned the page . Am I clear ? Yes , sir . - I 'm coming , buddy . - Thank God you 're back . No , no . Not today my friend . Hang in there , Elvis . Come on . Hang in there . Hang in there . Hang in there . What are you doing ? He 's not responding . He needs another dose . Come on ! Come on ! Hey . Attaboy . Hey . Hey . [ Sighs ] Ohh . Baby boy . Alison : I 've never exaggerated a result in my life ever . James : There 's nothing in this contract that requires you to lie . " The undersigned agrees to assist the government in connection with the marketing of the national lottery and agrees to speak , in her capacity as a scientist , at any and all events , speeches , and conferences the government requests " . So I need to give a speech ? Uh , yeah . Yeah , but they can 't force you to lie . Right . Good . [ Sighs ] Then again , I don 't think Darius really cares what the damn contract says . [ Exhales deeply ] Just say what you believe . [ Scoffs ] Easy for you to say . You don 't have to live with the consequences . But you know what ? You 've got a lot more leverage than you think . The second you get up there and you start speaking , the world is gonna know who you are and what you 've done , and you 'll be too famous for them to screw with you . Like you said , we 're scientists , and we seek the truth . Dr. Lennon . Please , come in . Sit down . You look beautiful . I just wanted to make sure you didn 't have any questions about the speech . No . I know exactly what I 'm going to say . The agreement I signed does not require me to lie . Yep . You 're absolutely right . So , please , feel free to say whatever your conscience dictates . You have a signed agreement . But you know who doesn 't have a signed agreement ? James . Excuse me ? James Lynch , your co-worker . Or should I say co-conspirator ? He gave you his key card that night . Helped you steal the embryo . That makes him an accessory . He had nothing to do with it . That doesn 't matter . This is about something much bigger than any of us . Stay on script , Dr. Lennon , and all will be grand . [ Applause , camera shutters clicking ] These one hundred viable human embryos don 't only represent the future of our country ... They represent the past , when having children was normal . But there 's more . My team of dedicated scientists are actively working on a cure . And we now believe we are close to finding one . [ Applause ] This is just the beginning . Before long , women around the world will again experience the miracle of childbirth and the joy of motherhood . Before long , these playgrounds and schools ... Will again be filled with children laughing and playing . [ Applause , camera shutters clicking ] President Westwood : Thank you , Dr. Lennon . A true American hero . The national lottery will select two hundred women at random from the pool of eligible candidates . These two hundred women will be invited to Washington , D.C. , where we will conduct further tests and interviews . We will then select the one hundred women best suited to be the mothers of the next generation . The most precious thing in this world is children . They are the lifeblood of our nation and our very existence . Without them , there is no future . [ Children laughing ] I appreciate what you did . I 'm just glad it all worked out . I was terrified . I really thought he was gonna die . Man : To be eligible to enter the lottery , women must be between the ages of 18 and 32 . Prior to submitting your name for consideration , entrants must be examined by a government physician and pass a variety of genetic and prenatal tests . Darius : We 've identified a secure site ... A former military compound near the Mexican border . We 'll repurpose the building ... Turn it into a medical facility . It 's totally off the radar . We can control access and maintain the highest level of security . Darius , I was in that meeting . The president is not on board with this . He 'll come around . It 's only a matter of time . And if he doesn 't ? Presidents come and go . Men like us ... We serve a higher purpose , a bigger picture . We don 't have the luxury of bending with the political wind . Hey . It 's Nathan . I 'm sorry about the argument the other day . I really was just kidding . Anyway , I 'm having a hell of a time on the Asian-appeasement tour . Only problem is my hand is tired from all the diplomatic hand jobs I 'm giving . I 'll call you later . [ Cellphone beeps ] You 've reached Nathan . Leave a message . Hi . Um , I 'm sorry , too . Actually , it was my fault . Call me when you get to Shanghai ... If your hand isn 't too tired . Man : Look up ! Look up ! Look up ! Look up ! Look up ! [ Cellphone rings ] - President Westwood : Vanessa . - Sir . How are you ? I thought the speech went well . I have some bad news . Nathan Mitchell and four other diplomats were just taken hostage in Shanghai . What ? What do they want ? They want five embryos .
