 Man over radio : If anyone can hear me , I 'm just outside trujillo . I 'm not sick , but I 'm running out of water . Woman over radio : Please . My children need help . Please ! If you can hear me , please call back . We 're out ... People are starting to ask about what goes on in here . And what do you tell them ? That there 's still survivors out there , That most of the news isn 't good . The crew knows that we cross-check every message Against their files , That we 'd tell them if we heard anything about their families . People have no idea what 's going on outside the ship , Other than what the officers tell them , And that 's not much . Well , dr . Scott says she 's close To testing a vaccine on the monkeys . We should set a course for home . No sense in idling here . Agreed . I know I 'm not your mother ... [ inhales deeply ] but you gotta eat , mike . I think I 'm becoming a vegetarian . Did you inform the galley ? I 'm hoping to get over it . [ chuckles ] So what 's on your minds ? We were wondering if you 'd given any thought As to what we 're gonna tell the crew . About nicaragua . It 's our opinion , sir , that they be spared the details . D.C.A. Crew saw blood all over our uniforms . We encountered some hostiles , like at gitmo . They don 't need to know about the village , el toro ... Our lovely dinner . The sick people - - Or how close we were to them , The fact that we couldn 't help . You don 't think they can handle it ? It 's our job to carry the weight of this , Not those kids out there . And we talked to tex and the lieutenants . Everyone 's on the same page . And as soon as mason 's well enough , We 'll give him the drill . It 's need to know . It 's how we 've always functioned . Well , some things have changed . We were all in the dark for four months up in the arctic . People didn 't like that much . They took our word for it that we were in the dark with them . We start keeping information from them now ... I understand , sir , but ... The crew needs hope . ♪ ♪ ♪ [ monkeys chittering ] [ click ] so that 's the vaccine ? These are vaccine prototypes . There are dozens of small gene mutations Between the primordial arctic , The egyptian , and the super virus strains . The key will be targeting the right one With the right combinations . [ click ] well , when you inject one of those prototypes , How long before we know it if works ? [ click ] Anywhere from a few hours to a few days . [ chittering ] [ click ] but one of these could be the vaccine . It 's just a matter of finding the right gene ? It 's not really that simple , but ... [ latch closes ] but essentially , yes . [ radio chatter ] Captain 's on the bridge ! [ high-pitched whistle blows ] [ p.A. Beeps ] Good evening , nathan james . This is the captain . Woman : Shh . Heads up . Man : Hang on . I wanted to inform you all of our progress in the mission . As you know , a small team entered nicaragua To find primates for dr . Scott 's test , Which she hopes will be a vaccine against the virus . While there , we encountered a drug lord Who enslaved 150 people . We eliminated his men And we eliminated him , Freeing those healthy people there To establish a life for themselves . We also encountered several dozen infected people , Including children . Yesterday , We couldn 't help them . But perhaps tomorrow , we will be able to , Because we came back to the nathan james With 34 monkeys . Dr. Scott will now conduct her trials on those monkeys . But we ... We are not waiting . We 're setting a course for home . By the time we get there , We believe dr . Scott will have a vaccine , And our mission will be completed . Today 's a good day . Carry on . [ beep ] Them kardashian girls always getting into trouble . You think they 're still fighting for press ? No doubt . No doubt . Oh , man . I just hate reading about people breaking up . [ water running ] I may not look it , but I 'm a softie . I like seeing people getting together . Yeah , man , I bet ya do . I got a theory about you . You keep going on about this no fraternization business , And I think maybe you just want me to keep my grubby hands off The girl you 're sweet on . You better tell me , amigo . Don 't want our swords crossin' by accident . [ hanger clatters ] [ laughs ] I 'm just messin with ya 'cause I already know who he is . Yeah , keep talking , tex . All right , I will . [ inhales deeply ] I 'll bet you 10 to 1 that ... She 's a lieutenant , And her initials are ... K.F.C. Without the " c . " [ coughs ] kara . [ punches bunk ] [ grunts ] I swear to god , if you say anything ... [ chuckles ] buddy , your secret 's safe with me . Doesn 't matter anyways . It 's over . Didn 't look over to me . Well , it is . It has to be . Did you see mason ? His leg 's pretty messed up . He really didn 't want to talk about what they saw out there . Master chief looked right through me on the bridge , And nobody 's seen the x.O. All day . You really think dr . Scott 's close to having a vaccine ? I 'm not counting my chickens . So ... [ scoffs ] The captain 's just trying to buck everyone up ? So we 're going home then ? Seem like . How long will that take ? From here , seven to ten days , probably . Not sure if we 're gonna have to refuel . And where will that be ? It 's above my pay grade , man . Have any idea what they 'll do with me ? Wherever we end up , I 'm sure we 'll find a little place To make a cell for you . It 's the end of days . You really think the captain will bother with that ? He ain 't gonna let you roam free . Why should he ? [ sighs ] this is madness . The fate of the world hangs in the balance . I can be of help to dr . Scott . It was me who found the altered gene When they let me back in the lab . You tried to kill everyone on the ship . And I didn 't go through with it . I was scared , Desperate to save my family from ruskov . Look , man , I can 't help you . And if I could , I wouldn 't . So let 's just stick to chess , okay ? Save your whining for someone else Or take it up with the captain . Check . [ chittering and whimpering ] [ whispers ] I 'm sorry . I increased the concentration of her vaccine And gave her some epinephrine , Though I can 't say that I am altogether hopeful . But you expected this could happen . I expected that there might be some setbacks . The virus seems to be a little bit more complicated to target Than I anticipated . And the added gene might not be one that I 've identified As of yet . So you don 't really have an answer For what 's going wrong ? I 'm still trying to figure out what the right questions are . You 've gotta be kidding me . This is all part of the scientific process . You heard what I told the crew earlier . I did , and I kinda wish you hadn 't been so optimistic . Really ? I said that I was ready to test . I did not say that I had the vaccine . You brought tea . You said you would 've brought champagne . I am making progress . It doesn 't seem like it . The biggest breakthroughs almost always come After the most enormous setbacks . You just need to be patient . [ sighs deeply ] and how you gonna dispose of them ? They 're going to need to be tossed overboard . I can 't leave them there rotting . [ exhales deeply ] Do it at night . Flight deck . If anyone asks , Just tell them that 's hazardous waste ... Which is what it is . Slattery : There 's no way they all died . Chandler : Six for six . [ sighs deeply ] She has no idea why . Jesus . I thought you said she had it . Apparently it 's a little more complicated than that . She 's got 28 more , right ? And if she keeps testing six at a time , It might not leave her much wiggle room . I don 't wanna burn any more fuel or time moving towards home When we may be turning around and heading back to nicaragua . So we 're stopping the ship . Well , the closer we get to home , The harder it 's gonna be on everyone if we reverse course . We just told everyone She 's on the verge of having the vaccine . Now what are we saying ? She 's gonna be discrete With how she disposes of the monkeys . Well , I 'm good with that . If we go dead in the water without a plan , People are gonna start scratching their heads And chattering . We just have to stall for a couple days , Just until we know what we 're dealing with . Yes , sir . Sir . Quincy : Any idea why the captain stopped the ship ? The officers are just trying to figure out where to go To make the vaccine . Really ? Well , they don 't wanna waste fuel Going in the wrong direction now . That 's odd , Because the only possible places which could Accommodate the manufacturing are in north america . Well , maybe they 're thinking about Going to brazil or venezuela . I 'm sure they got labs there . Brazil and venezuela were The hottest zones in this hemisphere . What does heat have to do with it ? Hot zones , bacon . 98 % death rates . There is no way anchoring south of here Could even be contemplated , and dr . Scott knows it . I 'm sure there 's somewhere else . Puerto rico has a lab . But would the captain wanna go anywhere near there When ruskov may still be somewhere off the cuban coast ? Something 's wrong , bacon . Let me assure you . Wrong how ? Dr. Scott 's experiments must be failing . Well , you said yourself that they should be using you . If they were really failing , don 't you think they would be ? Your captain 's a stubborn man . He hates to admit he 's wrong , and as a result , The wrong people get punished . He just about tore a hole in the hull evading the russians Because he didn 't wanna share the ingredients for the vaccine . Then he almost got everyone killed When the water filtration broke . That crazy stunt with the parachutes ... Nobody 's knows what 's happening until it 's over . I speak the truth , bacon . Whether or not you want to hear it is another matter , But your captain is hiding something from you . [ chess piece thuds ] [ water splashes ] You 're relieved , my man . Anything ? Not a peep . Think we 're really the only ones left ? Russians are still out there somewhere . [ water splashes ] [ water splashes ] What the hell is she doin ' ? [ water splashes ] [ water splashes ] Chandler : She killed six more . This time , it only took four hours . How did that happen ? She tried something different . [ sighs deeply ] She 's obviously going in the wrong direction . Do we need to bring in quincy ? Maybe she needs another set of hands . Well , she said " no . " [ exhales deeply ] He 's not gonna be able to help much at this point . Well , does she have a game plan ? She 's modifying And experimenting . That 's all she can tell me . Keep me posted . I heard blood comes out of , like , every orifice . Dude , come on . What ? We saw shit at gitmo , and it wasn 't pretty . You saw a live one ? No , man , they were dead , but ... Rats were chowing down on their bodies . It was disgusting . I hope those c.B.R. Suits really work . Man : Of course they work . Yeah , but when we were at gitmo , we never even put our masks on . It was just the protocol , man , to save the oxygen . And when you got near those sick people in nicaragua , How long did it take to get your masks on ? Jesus ! Will you fellas just relax ? Nobody got exposed , And the lady doc gave us a test when we got back on board . Now are we gonna play cards or what ? [ poker chips clink ] Seven-card stud . Deuces and one-eyed jacks are wild . Wild cards ? Where you from , man ? [ laughs ] would 've thought you were more of a purist , tex . Ain 't nothing about me that 's pure . I thought you 'd figure that out by now . Hey ! Look what the cat dragged in . [ speaks indistinctly ] You all right , sir ? Yeah , I just ... Oh ! Whoa ! Sir ! Man , he looks bad . Sir ! Tex : You all right ? No ! Hey , hey , hey ! Stay away from him . Hey , buddy ? Buddy ? You all right ? I thought you said he got tested . [ door opens ] we got a game going on . Get outta here now ! Talk to me . All right , look at me . Look at me . [ exhales sharply ] Woman over p.A. : Medical emergency . Medical energy . Medical emergency in department 12545l . Crew lounge . Medical response team provide . How is he ? Sir , you shouldn 't be in here . You need a suit on . He 's not infected . What happened ? He came in looking for water . He passed out . He is burning up . Danny ? Danny , can you hear me ? [ whispering ] yeah . Danny , how long have you been feeling like this ? Just a few ... Just ... That 's all right . I 'm gonna take care of you . [ coughs ] you 're gonna be just fine . It 's just a fever . [ coughs ] [ grunts ] do I have it ? No , you do not have the virus . Let 's get him up . Little help here . You have to understand , if this is airborne or blood-borne , We will all be infected . The most likely scenario is that he was bitten by an insect . In which case , he will not be contagious . Holy shit , doc . Is it Halloween ? Did you actually walk down the p-way wearing that ? [ filtered voice ] it 's for everyone 's safety . We should all be wearing them . Don 't you get it ? If lieutenant green has it , we 're all dead anyway . Everyone just needs to stop panicking . How long will it take to run a blood panel ? Four to six hours for the first set . If nothing pops up , it could take longer . Do it . Something 's not right here . What do you mean ? Me and cossetti saw her dumping biohazard bags Off the flight deck . And where the hell is she heading with the captain In such a rush ? I don 't know . Yeah . That 's what I 'm saying . Nobody knows anything . This will keep him sedated . It 'll lower his fever and rehydrate him . I 'll be back to replace the bag in a couple of hours . Rachel : I will do it . You just find out what is actually wrong with him . [ door closes ] sir , you need to lockdown the ship . No , he does not . I tested everyone before we boarded . That was two days ago . I mean , maybe the virus hadn 't taken hold yet . It doesn 't work like that . If he 'd been exposed , It would present itself in his blood within a few hours , If not a few minutes . All right , everybody . Let 's put our panties back on And see how we can help our friend . You said the virus mutates . How do you know the strain in nicaragua Isn 't different from the other ones you 've seen ? Even if it was , Its essential core would be the same , And that is what I test for . But what if you 're wrong ? The mistakes that I made with the vaccine Are an entirely different matter . That was an experiment . This test I am certain of 100 % . Sir , every minute we wait Is a minute people are walking around the ship , Spreading their germs . [ sighs deeply ] [ ring ] This is the x.O. We 're gonna have to take precautions . Assume the worst until we learn more . Circle william , set boundaries . Full c.B.R. Gear . Until doc rios gets us more answers , I don 't wanna take any chances . I can 't leave the crew lounge . You 're gonna have to make the call . [ beep ] attention , nathan james . This is the x.O. All personnel stand fast . Do not break boundaries . Set circle william throughout the ship . [ beeping ] Close all hatches and secure all ventilation . D.C.A. And department and damage control personnel , Pass out c.B.R. Gear and filter canisters . This is the x.O. I say again , Close all hatches and secure all ventilation . D.C.A. And department and damage control personnel , Pass out c.B.R. Gear and filter canisters . [ beeping continues ] What the hell are you doing in here ? ! If he has it , I have it . We had lunch together , sir . Put this on . Now . She was throwing biohazard bags overboard . At night ! If she dumps at night , it 's because she 's working at night . Then why is the lab under armed guard ? How come nobody can know what 's going on in there ? It is a biohazard area . We know she 's testing the vaccine on the monkeys . Is it working or not ? Is it working ? Look , for all we know , It 's infected monkeys she 's been throwing overboard , And that 's what spreading the disease everywhere . Everyone calm down . The disease is not spreading anywhere ! [ click ] [ respirators hissing ] [ radio chatter ] [ taps key ] [ beep ] You said you made some mistakes with the vaccine . Excuse me ? Before , When you were arguing with the captain , You said you made some mistakes with the vaccine . We thought it was going in the right direction . [ com buzzes ] [ ring ] [ picks up receiver ] This is the captain . Will you alert the x.O. , please ? Thank you , doctor . [ hangs up receiver ] It 's dengue fever , And it 's not contagious . What does that mean ? Is he gonna be all right ? The only treatment is fluid replacement And acetaminophen for the fever . The next 24 hours is crucial . You gentlemen are dismissed . Now get some rest . Dr. Scott , would you give us a moment , please ? [ high-pitched whistle blows ] Slattery : Attention on deck . All hands , this is the x.O. The biological threat has been disproved . There is no biological threat . Secure from circle william . Restart ventilation . Secure all gear . I say again , secure from circle william . Restart all ventilation . Secure from mopp level 4 and restow all gear . [ engines whirring ] well ... Now I know why he insisted on being on that vessel with you . Yes , sir . And you were late that night . Sir ? The timing was off to impact with the vyreni . What happened , lieutenant ? He slowed down , sir . He wanted me to jump too early . Because he was more concerned about you than the mission . We almost ran into the coral waiting on you . And now here you are , Possibly infected by the disease . Running around the ship , Exposing everyone else to get to him . You took an oath , And you have a duty to your shipmates . I 'll have the doc come back and relieve you . I 'm pretty sure you 're anxious to get back to the lab . Captain . I know that I kept things from you in the arctic , But I thought that we understood That we were in this together now . And I will always be straight with you . When I don 't know , I will say it . And when I say that I am Absolutely 100 % about something - - I don 't know you . But I 've risked everything for you , Killed for you , Lost men for you , Asked these people to turn their backs on their families , For you . Not for me , captain . For the human race . I just happen to be who you 're stuck with . You might wanna figure out a way how to trust me , Or I have a pretty strong feeling That this whole thing is gonna fail . Cossetti saw dr . Scott dumping biohazard off the deck . No , I 'm quite sure that was the monkeys . Her vaccine is failing , And the captain is covering it up . So ... Those monkeys were infected ? Of course . She 's injecting them with the virus To see if her vaccine is working . And when it doesn 't , they die . Do you think that 's why captain called for the lockdown ? It sounds to me the captain feared an outbreak on the ship . Because of the monkeys ? Or because he doesn 't trust her test . Don 't forget a bunch of them were directly exposed To the disease in nicaragua . But they wore the suits . So did frankie benz , and he didn 't make it back . Accidents happen . I imagine you 're not the only one Feeling out of sorts about all this . No . There 's a lot of grumbling . A lot of grumbling . At the beginning of this epidemic , Your captain told you all That this ship was the safest place on earth . I 'm afraid nothing could be further from the truth . Your ventilation systems , Everyone living on top of each other ... You think the crud spreads fast ? We 're talking about the most powerful , most contagious virus Ever to strike the planet . And now you 've got teams going out into infected areas For supplies every week ? A makeshift lab That was never meant to support production of a vaccine , Dr. Scott playing god down there With no real idea of what she 's doing . This vessel is a deathtrap . His temperature 's spiking . [ ragged breathing ] When 's his next dose ? Not till 7 : 00 . Can 't you up his dosage ? [ inhales sharply ] I 'm sorry . Any more , it 'll damage his liver . Just tell her it 's prince charming . She 'll know who you 're talking about . Ask her , or I 'm gonna start signing . Hmm ? Country ? Western ? Oh , just let him in , for pete 's sake . Aha ! [ chuckles ] all right ! So ... This is your fortress of solitude . Except for I have no superpowers . Well , I don 't know about that . I got a feeling about you . Sounds like the captain did , too , but ... [ inhales sharply ] [ monkeys chitter ] Well , he got a little spooked . Well , he did what he had to do . Oh , come on . Don 't tell me that didn 't smart . That lockdown ? [ sighs deeply ] who believes in me and who doesn 't ... [ taps button ] seems like a fairly trite matter Compared to what I have on my plate right now . So ... [ inhales deeply ] [ monkeys chittering ] You 're gonna figure it out . Yeah . Dr. Scott let it slip in the crew lounge That she was having problems with her experiments . Now burk , miller , and cruz are onto it . People are asking about the monkeys And why the ship stopped . They 're even questioning the ham frequency monitoring . They 're isolated . They have no idea when it 's gonna end . Or how it 's gonna end . [ knock on door ] come in . I apologize , gentlemen ... But we 've got a problem . A couple of the enlisted men came to me . They were speaking for a larger group - - 16 to be exact . They want off the ship . Who are they ? You should know that they were very respectful . [ paper rustles ] Their enlistments are up - - all 16 of them . And since we didn 't ophold them , Technically , they 're not even in the navy anymore . I didn 't know what to tell them . Are you suggesting we let them go ? How do you think they 'll feel if we try to stop-loss them ? It 'll mean holding them against their will . I mean , we 're not el toro . And what kind of message will that send the rest of the crew ? They can just leave when things get uncomfortable ? Well , we all knew this moment might come , didn 't we ? So what did the master chief say ? He said he 'd bring a request to the captain . You didn 't mention me ? Not yet , no . You save that for the last possible moment . I don 't see why he would ever let you go . Because you can 't survive on land without me . You make that painfully clear , And at that point , the captain will have no choice . It will all blow up in our faces if he keeps us here . [ whispers ] I can 't see how he could possibly do that . [ lamp clicks ] [ papers rustle ] Man : We know she 's dumping monkeys Look , you 're the one that told us She was nowhere close to finding a vaccine . We took an oath . To a country that doesn 't even exist anymore . To each other . Look , nobody needs us here . Hey , we leave , that 's 16 less mouths to feed . That 's it . I can 't believe you 're doing this . I saw you after lockdown . You were white as a ghost . Even burk was freaked out . That doesn 't mean we 're jumping ship . Your enlistment was up three weeks ago . Come with us , man . You don 't owe anybody here anything . Woman over p.A. : Attention , nathan james . All hands report to the flight deck immediately . All hands report to the flight deck . Is this about us ? I don 't know , man . I 've made some mistakes the past few days In the ways I 've handled information . I kept you in the dark about our mission Because I 'm trying to protect you from the truth , Which ... Is painful . That was a poor decision on my part . I am your captain , I 'm your leader , And you have every right to be disappointed in me . But that doesn 't mean that you should give up hope , Because this mission 's not about me , And it 's not about you . It 's about them . Play it . Roger that , sir . [ clicks switches ] Man : My name 's henry . I 'm up in portland , maine . We 're not sick , but we 're running out of food . If anyone knows any good hunting grounds in the area , We sure could use a tip . Woman : I 'm calling out to anyone in georgia . If you 're healthy , there 's a safe haven up in dalton . There 's only 19 of us , and we 're making it day-by-day . Man : Hello . I am juan from oaxaca . We are very sick here . Does anyone have the cure ? [ static crackles ] That is our problem . In there ... Is the solution . [ loud clank , buzzer sounds ] [ whirring ] [ whirring stops ] [ clank ] Come with me . [ monkeys chittering ] [ click ] We 've all seen dr . Rachel scott , But most of you have no idea what it is she 's doing here Or even who she is . She 's dedicated her life to research On treatments and vaccines for malaria , ebola , And half a dozen other viruses . But she wasn 't chosen for this . She fought to be here , Fought the politicians and the bureaucracy , And convinced them to take a chance on her . And she was right . When all the scientists were failing , She knew what had to be done . Just so we understand who we 're working with here , Dr. Scott , can you explain what 's happening ? Thank you , captain . I , um , understand ... [ filtered voice ] this must all seem incredibly foreign to you , So I 'll do my best to explain Without completely boring your socks off . You see , the monkeys have been dying Because ... Right now , my vaccine is failing . I 'm sure you 've all heard of the disease yellow fever . It killed millions of people all over the world . In 1937 , there was a young doctor named max theller Who was testing a vaccine on mice . Theiler and his coworkers attempted the use Of 99 different substrains of the virus in their vaccine . But each and every time , the mice died , Until finally , On the 100th attempt , They found it . I don 't have the answers today , And I may not have them tomorrow . But I can promise you this - - There 's absolutely nothing that will stop me until I do . It 's easy to believe in people When they 're succeeding . But that 's not what we 're about . We have to believe in each other when we fail . And if we have to go back to nicaragua for more monkeys , We will . If we have to go to puerto rico , we will . If we have to go bangladesh to find a bengal tiger , That is what we will do . Now what I can promise you Is that whatever we do from here on in , We will do together . And the chiefs and officers on this ship Will share with you what we know - - good or bad . Now ... It has come to my attention That there 's a group of you Who may no longer wanna continue on with this mission . Your enlistments are up . I will not hold you here . As a matter of fact , You are owed our gratitude for your services . And we have calculated what you are collectively entitled to In back pay - - $ 148,678 . Enough to buy you one used r.H.I.B. With a full tank , Plus food , water , and medical supplies . We have determined to set a course towards home ... Again . But for those of you who still wish to leave us , Report to the fo 'c'sle tomorrow at 0700 . Your boat will be waiting . Hey , commodore . Cubano ? Our girl was impressive . Hard thing to come back from ... [ sighs ] When you lose somebody 's trust . Well , I 'd follow you into the gates of hell . [ chuckles ] that 's only ' cause you think it 'd be exciting . [ chuckles ] well , there is that . It 's just 16 guys , you know . We can do without ' em . Until the next group wants to leave . We 'll deal with that then . [ sighs ] this is the test . If they go , Hope goes with ' em . [ woman speaking indistinctly over p.A. ] They 're here . Sir ... We all respectfully request to reenlist . Men : I swear to support and defend The constitution of the United States of america Against all enemies , foreign or domestic , That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same . And that I will obey the orders Of the president of the United States And the orders of the officers appointed over me , According to the regulations And the uniform code of military justice , So help me god . [ clears throat ] [ monitor beeping steadily ] His fever 's down . He 's on the mend . Can I have the room ? Aye , sir . He 's one of the best I 've served with . A true leader . He is . Doesn 't mean I 'm not gonna hand him his hat As soon as he 's well enough . Yes , sir . What do you think your punishment should be ? Four weeks , Port and starboard . Six and six . I think two weeks oughta do it . But I 'd also like you to devise and run a new training program For the j.O.S in the engineering department . I want them all qualified on all stations in c.I.C. Of - - of course . I think it would also be a ... Good idea for you to explain to people Why your behavior was so dangerous . As a lesson . I understand , sir . Good . Captain ? Thank you . [ door closes ] I hear you and bacon have been doing quite a bit of talking . No more talking .
