 Barbie : Two weeks ago , an invisible dome crashed down On chester 's mill , cutting us off from the rest of the world . Why the dome is here or what mysteries lie ahead , We still don 't know . Every day it tests our limits , Bringing out the best and the worst in us . Some say we 'll be stuck here forever , But we will never stop fighting to find a way out . Rebecca pine thinks chester 's mill can 't sustain itself For much longer and she and jim Want to use the census to decide who lives and who doesn 't . Sam : That pig virus is their extermination plan . Yeah , and she doesn 't know how strong it is . Get away from me ! You tried to kill us all . What are you doing here ? What are you gonna do to us ? Tomorrow , we 'll have a town meeting , And the people can decide your fate . You 've come to set me free . My mother said you have answers . I want them . This is it , right ? ( grunts ) sorry , kid . Julia : Those are the fingertips of a hand . Looks like angle got a piece of whoever did this to her . What do you say , phil ? Can I count on you ? Melanie : I am Melanie cross . ( gasps ) And I think this is where I died . Girl : Oh , my god , we have to help her . Boy : I don 't think we can . It 's too late . She 's dying . What are you doing ? You were moaning . Nightmare ? No . Just a dream . Not as scary as waking up to you two standing over me . None of us sleep very well these days . I need to find sam verdreaux . Find out what really happened the night I died . I know you want some answers , But we promised barbie we wouldn 't do anything Until after he talks to julia . I need to talk to you . I need to find our mystery girl . She didn 't come home last night . Melanie stayed with joe and norrie . Melanie ? How do you know her name ? It 's a long story . You wouldn 't happen to know where sam is , would you ? He just left . We were up all night , working . Why are you looking for sam ? Because I think he 's known who melanie is all along . Julia : All right , tell me everything . The kids found her picture in the school yearbook . So , she 's a student here ? Was . In 1988 . I know . I 'm still processing all of this . She also knows exactly where joe and norrie found the mini-dome . How ? 25 years ago , she and Three of her friends found a meteorite In exactly the same spot in the woods With an egg inside . Melanie said that when she found it , That she wanted to protect it , and the others got violent . And then , one of her friends killed her . She 's not sure who . Who were the three friends ? Pauline verdreaux , lyle chumley And sam . This is crazy . This is just Par for the course for chester 's mill . And we need to talk about what happened the other day . About your supporting jim and rebecca 's extermination plot ? How could you think that I would actually do that ? Because I was there . I was listening So I could make sure that I knew exactly what they were up to , So I could stop them . I made jim look me in the eye And promise me that he wasn 't gonna do anything . I don 't know that I believe that . If you want to think that I 'm the bad guy , Then fine . Be prepared to think far worse of sam verdreaux . What the hell are you doing ? Trying to find what you 've been hiding from me . Like my mom 's journal . I don 't have it , junior . Someone stole it . That was lyle . Lyle 's in jail . He was until I snuck him out . He told me My mom 's journal had predictions in it , Like who was gonna kill angle . What 'd you find out ? I didn 't get that far . He attacked me , And he ran off with it . He didn 't want me to see what was in it . So he must have killed angle , right ? He always has been a little nuts . Pages missing from the journal . I thought if I 'd find it , I 'd be able To figure out where he 's going or what he 's gonna do next , or Where he would run off to . You won 't find anything . If lyle hurts somebody else , it 's on me . So we 'll stop him together . ( panting ) I should have never trusted him , no matter what my mom said . Your mother told you to trust lyle ? Before she died ? ( sighs ) Two days ago , she sent me an e-mail . She 's alive . She 's out there somewhere . ( bell jingling ) I was wondering when you two would show . Yeah , we 're just looking for carolyn and the kids . Oh , in the back . I can bring you cereal , toast and tea . Where 'd you get all the food ? Secret store in the basement . Angie told me about it , god rest her soul . Oh , and we 're all waiting for the town meeting , julia . If she 's eating here , I ain 't . Hey , it 's a free town . Not since big jim went to jail . I hear you right , greg ? You throwing your lot in with the guy Who tried to murder everyone With that virus of his ? Jim wasn 't caught with no virus . It was a set-up , all right , so she can take over And put him on trial . Get off ! Whoa , whoa , whoa ! That 's enough . Hey , Just back off . ( bell jingling ) this trial of yours ? It better reach the right verdict . Did you find lyle ? Not yet . Junior and I spent all night combing The town for him , but no sign of him . I should be out there looking for him . No , I want the three of you to lie low today . Julia : This trial has to happen soon . I 'm planning on reading the charges against jim and rebecca At the town meeting . They 'll need representation , too . Which is where you come in , I hope ? Mom as big jim 's lawyer ? He 's so totally guilty . Everyone deserves a fair trial . Well , I guess I 'll go , Uh , escort my new clients to the town hall . I 'll see you there , julia . Thank you , carolyn . I filled julia in On everything that we found out about melanie , I 'm really sorry that I wasn 't there With you yesterday , melanie . I know who I am now , But why am I back ? I don 't know , but there is a reason . I promise I 'll find out what it is . Sam will be at the town hall . Barbie and I will talk to him . All right , but he 's right . You kids stay . Okay ? Let us get some answers first . I just found out I died . I can 't just sit around and do nothing . Come on , I know where to go . Hey ! Anybody out there ? Okay , enough , jim . I 've got a headache . Oh , you got a headache , huh ? I 'm just about starving in here . Come on . It 's only Been one night . Julia promised a trial . She 'll come for us , okay ? Yeah , she 'll come for us , all right . Then what ? She gonna hang us ? We were just trying to keep everyone from starving to death . Now everyone thinks I 'm some sort of serial killer , And it 's all your fault . You convinced me that your plan 's the right thing to do . And then you ... Then you tricked me into not being able to do it . I told you , The virus was stronger than I thought . If the evidence changes , your thinking has to change . It 's called science . I don 't care what you call it . Now everybody 's out there for our blood . Thanks , everyone , for joining me today . I know it 's been a rough week , But I think it 's time for us to focus on our future . Where 's that piece of crap- - big jim ? He and rebecca pine will be arraigned And tried in front of a jury . The process will be fair and impartial . First , though , I 'd like to talk to you about the food situation . Supplies are running low . ( crowd chatter ) But there 's no need to panic . We can get through this by coming together . Which is why I 'm initiating a voluntary food share program . People can bring whatever they have To the chester 's mill fire station . Volunteers will oversee distribution , Insuring no one goes hungry . Woman : You want me to give up My family 's food ? That 's crazy ! Participation is completely voluntary . But pooling our resources Is the best way to insure everyone gets fed . Wendell : There 's the son of a bitch ! Why 'd you try to kill us all , jim ? Everything I did , I did for this town . ( crowd chatter ) I love chester 's mill , And I 'll prove that I 'm innocent of these charges . Good luck , honey . ( crowd chatter ) Today , we arraign jim rennie and rebecca pine On the following charges . Greg : It 's all lies ! You deserve to be on trial , not him ! Man : Yeah ! Man 2 : Yeah ! ( loud , overlapping crowd chatter ) Folks , calm down And let her speak . Calm down ! Back up . Let her speak . Phil , you got to get them out of here ! Phil : Big jim , rebecca , let 's go . Gun ! ( groaning ) ( groans ) He 's dead . ( panting ) I just can 't believe pauline 's still alive . Believe that she was dead for so long , Even if she was protecting us ? You were a kid . Maybe you needed protecting . I didn 't . When pauline started ranting about some dome , I stopped believing in her . It crushed her . But what kind of person Lets her brother and her son spend a decade mourning , While she sends postcards to her insane ex-boyfriend ? And not warning us about the people Who were really gonna die , Like angle . If I could just get to her , Things would be different . She 'd tell me if I was doing the right thing . When I lost mom , It was the worst pain ever . Until angle . Lyle took the best thing I had . And when I find him , I 'm gonna make him suffer . Right before I put a bullet between his eyes . You know what , kid ? Maybe those missing journal pages Are the key to finding lyle . I 've been looking for ' em everywhere . I might know a place . Julia : You only have yourself to blame . You and jim And your insane reduction plan has people terrified . We 're lucky only wendell died today . Anybody could have been hit , a kid Or me or you . ( sobs ) ( sniffles , crying ) Thank you . Just so you know ... What jim said about barbie being involved , He wasn 't . We went behind his back . Barbie always believed there was another way . Phil , stop . Why ? I don 't answer to you . Yes , you do . This town put me in charge . Well , big jim made me sheriff . And when people are at risk , I act . You could have just arrested wendell . Barbie had already disarmed him . Instead you killed him . I did What I had to do to keep this town safe . Wendell is dead . Not to mention the fact that lyle escaped On your watch and is still on the loose . Maybe that badge is too big for you . You want me to quit ? You gonna make me ? Barbie : No , not her . Me . You two ... Really are drunk on power , huh ? We 'll see what big jim has to say . ( sighs ) If you 'd been sheriff today instead of phil , No one would 've been killed . Julia ... You have the perfect background . Your military training ... A-and a few hours ago You accused me of siding with big jim . Now you want me to be the person in charge Of keeping him locked up ? I should have trusted you . I 'm sorry I didn 't . That 's good to hear . This town just has a funny way of turning on people , And I 'm not ready to jump back into the fray . I get it . I 'll find someone else . I 'm gonna go . Lyle 's still out there . Maybe he 's with sam . Yeah , well , We 'll find ' em , we 'll put ' em in a room together And find out what the hell happened all those years ago . We have to . For melanie 's sake . Yeah . Melanie : So when you touch the dome , it shows you stuff ? Joe : Yeah . Like , visions , I guess . Seriously ? Hey , you told us you died and we got on board . Have some team spirit . But what if it shows me something awful ? You 'll get over it . We have . It 's gonna give you a little shock . So if you get scared , Just let go . What do you see ? Nothing . Absolutely nothing . You sure about this ? I already searched this place pretty good . I 've known lyle a long time . Guy 's got a lot of tricks up his sleeve . Well , what do you know ? You found ' em . See ? Your mom did draw angle . Lyle stole these to keep me from knowing what he did . But-but why kill angle ? He hardly knew her . Maybe this has something to do with it ? The four hands . The four hands . Pauline ranted about a lot of things : Pink stars , A dome that would trap us and the four hands That would be its protectors . She used to say , " four hands will hold up the dome , And without them , it will fall . " Like if one of the hands wasn 't around , The dome would come down ? That 's why lyle did it . He killed angle to bring down the dome . So angle was one of the four hands ? Maybe all four hands have to die for it to work . I have to go . I have to make sure the other hands are okay . The other hands ? Do you know who they are ? Yeah . Joe , norrie and me . If lyle thinks that killing the four hands Will bring down the dome , Any one of us could be next . ( door closes ) Hey , jim ? Big jim : Uh-huh . You ever seen a man die ? I mean ... Before today ? It 's a sad fact of my life that I have , yeah . So ... How do you ... Deal with it ? Just by knowing it 's all part of a larger design . Wendell 's death means we get to live . I 'm sure that 's a pretty good trade-off . That-that 's what I told myself about our population plan . But today ... Watching the life go out of wendell ... Death isn 't pretty , rebecca . Sometimes it 's necessary . I 've always looked at things clinically . Run tests , you get results and then take action . I thought it made me strong . But ? When I was in the church yesterday , About to release the virus , and I saw those families , It reminded me of my mom . And when I thought about causing all those families to suffer The way she did , I .. That 's why you couldn 't do it ? What if my dad was right And sometimes there really aren 't answers ? Well , maybe your dad is right . That doesn 't mean we stop trying . Look , I trusted you . I had your back . I need you to have mine . You 're right . I-I do . Big jim ! Drinking on the job , sheriff ? Nope . 'cause julia fired me . I had to sneak past my own deputies To get in here . Oh , well ... ( chuckles ) That ain 't right . You 're a good man , phil . The best sheriff this town 's ever had . Better than duke ? And linda . Your plan to release that virus ... You had no other choice , right ? I didn 't even have the virus . Rebecca did . But if we don 't do something , Then none of us are gonna get out of here alive . And now julia 's made you her scapegoat . ( scoffs ) Right when this town needed you most . Wait , wait , wait . No , no , no . Not that way . Half this town hates me , okay ? If , uh , you let me out , they 're gonna ... They 're gonna string me up . Then how do we make this right ? We got to win over their hearts and minds . Still nothing . The dome kind of has a mind of its own . Maybe it 's not in the mood . What if we try touching it at the same time ? Worked for me and norrie . Because you guys Aren 't some kind of undead freak . Melanie , we 're gonna figure this out . I still have no idea why I 'm back . None of us know why we 're trapped inside this fishbowl . You need to deal . Think of it this way : You were alive , then dead , Now alive again . Two out of three ain 't bad . You don 't know what I 'm going through . No , I don 't . But I know how much I 'd give to have my mom alive again . If it 'd bring her back , I 'd trade You rotting in the bottom of that crater in a heartbeat . You know , I 've defended you a lot , But sometimes you 're a real bitch . Melanie , wait ! Joe ? ! Norrie ? ! Are you guys here ? They aren 't here either . Maybe we should head back to julia 's . Or at the sweetbriar or anywhere else in town . What if lyle already got ' em ? If he hurts them , I won 't be able to forgive myself . Junior , like I said before , There 's no way lyle could know they 're part of the four hands . Your friends are safe . What are you looking for ? You got to take a minute and calm down . You 're no good to anyone in this state . You haven 't had a drink since the dome came down . You sure you want to do this ? My dead sister 's alive , My nephew 's on some nutball 's hit list . Yeah , I want to do this . ( clink ) ( clears throat ) Another one ? Melanie . Melanie . You got to understand , About norrie ... It 's not her , It 's me . I want to be happy , but ... I feel so alone . And I 'm not normal , either . You 're real to me . Didn 't find your answers Touching the dome , hey , Maybe you 'll find ' em by sticking Your tongue down his throat . Actually , what I 'm wondering is what he Sees in you , since you treat him and everyone else Like crap . ( grunts ) Hey , stop . Norrie , are you okay ? Don 't even , joe . You 're bleeding . And you 're about to be . Hey , hey . I 've got an idea . Julia ( grunts ) : Here we go . Food drive 's doing well . Yeah , I mean , it 's a decent turnout , But for this to work We need everyone 's help . I 'm gonna put these In the fridge . ( generator rattling ) Oh , can you stack those boxes ? Yes . ( explosion ) ( glass shattering ) ( explosions ) ( high-pitched ringing ) ( coughing ) Carolyn . Where 's julia ? Still inside . ( coughs ) Julia ! Over here . Come on . ( julia screams ) ( grunts ) Go ! ( both coughing ) ( coughs , gasps ) As soon as it 's safe to enter the building , We will assess the damage , see what remains . The last of my food was in there . Please , I just need everyone to stay calm . Don 't tell us to stay calm . Hey , phil , Watch yourself . These people need to know the truth . Was just a way to take everybody 's food away from them . I didn 't take anything . Then she sticks it all in one place , Along with an old , beat-up generator . She would have seen that the wires were frayed . Big jim never would have made that mistake . Woman : And now we 're all gonna starve . What am I gonna feed my kids ? Where am I gonna get food tomorrow ? All-all right , I promise I will get to the bottom of what happened And find a solution . I just need everyone to calm down . This is not over . Hey . You okay ? We 're screwed . And phil 's right , it 's all my fault . I didn 't check the generators , I didn 't even think to check . And I screwed up with you . I should have believed you . Come here . That goes both ways . Do you hear me ? We both made mistakes . What now ? Now we figure out who caused the explosion . Phil said the wires were frayed . You don 't believe him ? No , there 's something else Going on . I found a bunch of empty boxes Right before that explosion . There 's only one person in town who could do that . Well , I 'd ask who that was , But it 's a little obvious . I 'll go talk with big jim . I just wish I knew what to do . You know , no matter what , I can 't seem To please more than half the town at a time . Hey , shh , shh . Don 't give up . There 's a way out of this . You 're gonna find it . Okay ? You okay ? ( soft gasp ) ow . Sorry . No , please , Let me . Aah . So what 's this gonna show ? Hopefully if there are differences between us . A guy who 's always been alive , like me , And ... Someone like you . Are we different ? Uh , not sure . Little out of my depth here . Ms. Pine would Definitely be able to tell us what this means . So , what , we break her out of jail ? I 'm just saying . She tried to kill everyone in town . We can 't just do nothing . This blood thing could be the answer to who I am . Yeah , or end up like everything else- - Big , fat , dead end . ( heavy door opens ) Well , well , well . Look who it is . You sheriff by now ? Or did new queen bee just go ahead and anoint you King of chester 's mill ? Oh , shut your mouth , jim . There 's no audience down here . There was an explosion at the firehouse . All the food that was stored there 's gone . Big jim : You think I 'd put this town at risk By burning up its food supply ? That 's a new level of crazy , barbie , Even for you . Oh , my god . Phil . He was down here grousing about julia taking His badge and he mentioned something About the food program . So that 's how you 're gonna play this ? You 're gonna throw phil under the bus ? Well , don 't take my word for it , ask ... Ask rebecca . I must have been asleep when phil came in . I didn 't hear anything . ( chuckles ) Nice try , jim . Fine . You 're gonna go about your day Thinking I 'm responsible for the explosion , That 's , you know ... Just be ready for whatever ... Madness phil has planned next . ( keys jingling ) Phil ? What are you doing in here ? Just making sure the place is secure . Is there food in there ? We weren 't using this room . Maybe someone moved it . Why would they ? Unless they knew the explosion was coming ? ( grunting ) ( muffled grunting ) My mom lied to everyone . The only one she loves is lyle . I hear you , buddy . And they 're both crazy . They 're crazying it up together . You got to sleep this one off . Mm-hmm . I don 't want to do this to you . You or angie . If there was any other way To bring the dome down , I 'd do it . I 'm sorry . ( sighs ) Thanks for looking out for me . You 're the only family I have left . Love you , uncle sam . Barbie : Hey , on the ground . Get on the ground right now . Phil : No , barbie , that 's what you 're going to do . I know you don 't want to hurt anyone . ( grunting ) ( grunting ) Drop her , phil . You 're done being the hero , barbie . ( panting ) Drop ... Now ! ( grunts , coughs ) You all right ? Yeah . You ? I am now . ( panting ) Julia . What a nice surprise . Do you have a minute ? I 'm just wondering about what 's happening At the sweetbriar rose . I see you there , feeding everyone , and , uh ... I wonder where the food is coming from . The basement pantry . I just checked there- - it 's empty . Andrea , you 're doing an amazing job . The town continues to live because of you . I just think I owe it to everyone to at least ask . There 's something I have to show you . Oh , my god . This is just the start . The entire basement is filled . There 's enough to feed the whole town for a couple of months . Where did you get all this food ? From lloyd , my late husband . Lloyd called himself a survivalist . He always saw something bad around the corner . Thank god . Said when the crisis hit , It 'd be every man for himself . I 'm sorry I didn 't come forward . I was just scared someone would steal it from me . But I trust you . You should use it . We 'll use it together . ( inhales sharply ) Uncle sam ? My mom painted that when I was in the second grade . I brought it in for show-and-tell . I 'm guessing you 've never seen this before . Oh , my god . The obelisk . I saw this in a dream I had . My mom was there , too . " 1821 . " That 's the number of the locker at school It 's also in your mother 's journal , on the last page . I had no idea what it meant . Lyle saw something in the journal before he ran off . Maybe he went back to the locker . Why would he go there ? I don 't know , but it obviously Means something to him . Maybe we haven 't found lyle 'cause we haven 't checked there . ( bell jingling ) ( upbeat music playing ) This is amazing . It 's like thanksgiving in July . It 's all julia . Where 'd you get the food ? Trade secret . But make sure to thank andrea For hosting such a lovely event . One nice meal doesn 't prove anything . You 're no big jim . ( bell jingling ) well ... I 'll let him decide that . ( door closes ) What the hell are we doing here ? Oh , just wait and see . Julia : Folks , I , uh , said this morning That I thought it was time for us millers To focus on our future . But I don 't think we can do that until we let go of the past . Even the actions of those who have wronged us . What big jim and rebecca tried to do yesterday Is inexcusable ... ( murmuring ) ... But it 's not unforgivable . Now , we can stay angry , Tear each other apart , or ... We can rise above , And-and work together , And ensure our survival under this dome . I admit ... I 've made some mistakes ... But all of them in service of this town . And I really appreciate julia Giving me the chance to ... To make amends . And you all should know I think she 's done a hell of a job running chester 's mill . ¶ ¶ ¶ it 's been so long , baby ¶ ¶ since you held me in your arms real tight ¶ ¶ it 's been so long , baby ¶ ¶ so long , baby ¶ ¶ since you treated your baby right ¶ Enjoy yourself . Enjoy yourself , folks . Enjoy the food . You know , I don 't understand you . You keep saying you 're on my side , But it sure as hell seems like you 've turned on me . I just think , maybe ... We should give julia a chance . Maybe benevolence isn 't such a bad quality in a leader . Or it 's the thing that 's gonna get us all killed . Look what you did . Yeah , it wouldn 't have happened without you . Oh , I don 't know about that . Have you ... You found your sheriff yet ? Why , you have someone in mind ? I might . ¶ you don 't do it for me and I for you ¶ ¶ nobody else will ever do , that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right , sweet baby ¶ ¶ that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right , sweet baby ¶ ¶ it 's been so long , baby ¶ ¶ so long , baby ¶ ¶ you ought to come home ¶ ¶ so long , baby ¶ I 'm sorry about earlier . You kissed her , joe . Yeah , but ... She 's not who I love . You are . After you 've macked on another chick in front of my face ? Try it on her . She 's dumb enough to fall for it . ¶ baby , that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right ¶ ¶ that 's right , sweet baby ¶ Hi . ¶ that 's right ¶ Julia ... I 'm impressed . Especially with what you did for jim and me . I did what was best for the town . I just wanted to say thank you . Julia , we 've got a quick question back here . ¶ that 's right , sweet baby ¶ ¶ it 's been so long , baby ... ¶ Joe says you 're really , really smart . Like a scientist . Thank you . I have something I want you to figure out . About me . ( metallic clattering ) ( clattering continues ) Junior ? ( clattering ) what are you doing ? This is where angle died . It meant something to the killer . ( sam grunting ) Looks like the bottom 's been kicked in or something . Give me your flashlight . It 's big enough for a man . Do you think this is where lyle disappeared to ? It 's a tunnel . Yeah , but to where ? Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
