 Previously on Continuum Which one of you is my partner , my friend ? Emily , I traveled through time for you . He doesn 't know , but I 'm leaving that decision up to you , ok ? You 're in control . Who was that ? There are forces at work that see great value in letting us do our jobs . He 's got some interesting ideas . Mr. Escher , your father . Alec 's inheritance is what ? A controlling interest in the company . You have a destiny to full fill . Welcome home , Theseus . If you want to be a leader , then lead . Alright , fire suppression system is still offline , brigade is eight minutes out . We just lost our team on twelve . Copy that , completing my first sector . We 're not supposed to have fires like this anymore . [ child 's cough ] Sector one red line . Cameron , get out of there . Hi . My name is Kiera . [ Glass breaks ] I 'm gonna get you both out of here ok , but I can only take you one at a time . I am ok . She 's really scared . Hold it right up against your mouth and take long , deep breaths , ok ? Come here , Jilani . Hang on tight . I 'm going to be right back . It 's ok , we 're outside . This is Jilani . Her vitals are elevated , but smoke inhalation isn 't too bad . You are going to be fine . Where 's the brigade ? Five alarm blaze on Commercial . Personnel and equipment in this sector were right sized last month . Well , they got it wrong on this one . Cameron . Floor 17-2 , west stairs , two directors and a life credit manager . Sir , there 's a child on the eighteenth floor . Negative . Proceed to 17-2 . . : sync , corrected by caioalbanezi : . . : web dl sync snarry : . What 're you doing here ? After the shit you pulled with Luca 's Ingram ? You 're lucky to get a short haul on probation . Uh huh . Who do you think got you into that half-way house ? Why would you do that for me ? You 're part of an argument that I 'm having with myself . About what ? About the whether . Whether or not people can change . Got you something . Ten bucks on Commercial Drive . Lay low , otherwise the next conversation we have won 't be so friendly . [ Club music ] Remember , names on the list only . What the hell is that ? I 'm authorized , I completed the training . You shouldn 't be carrying it . [ Club music ] [ Whistle blows ] This is an unauthorized assembly . The college has warned you before . This is a free speech protest . You 're under age , you 're over capacity . Hey , this is on campus ! [ fighting grunts ] We need help ! [ fighting and chaos continued ] So , the campus ' cops got their buts kicked by a bunch of kids . And they say young people today are soft . Lion 's Gate University has instituted a zero tolerance policy . They are shutting down any gatherings , postings , or clubs that promote terrorism . The VPD is cooperating to id students at high risk of seditious activity . Profiling . That 'll get them good and riled . So we just let them tear down the system ? They 're college kids , they 're not Liber8 . They try on ideologies like t-shirts . That 's enough . One of the campus cops was carrying a semi-automatic . That gun is now in the wind . Oh , shit . What were these guys even doing with guns ? They 're scared . Expecting an escalation , more militant behaviour . I 've seen this before . Betty has a list of the students who have been most vocal , maybe we get lucky and the minnows lead us to the bigger fish . And I want that gun . Twenty bucks says the only ideology we find is beer pong and weed . College campuses are where it all starts , Carlos . First the Theseus riots and then they close down schools for years . Enough future doom and gloom . I 'll get the black list from Betty . I liked your old lab , but this is something else . Makes total sense that you would camp out here instead of some slick executive office . I guess you 've been in that slick executive office before . You wanted to talk . So do I. You know , I think you had a more honest relationship with my father than you ever did with me . He at least knew who you really were . You know me , Alec . If you look in your heart , you know you do . The heart is a feeble instrument . Easily fooled . You haven 't met that part of yourself yet . The part that will do anything to survive . Uh huh . There 's an upside to it . It makes you strong . It makes you strong enough to save somebody else . To put them first . You could use that . Why don 't you stop telling me about my experience ? What I 've been through , what I felt ? You have no idea what I felt ! You 're right . I don 't . Mr. Sadler . It 's time . Good luck , Alec . I 'm sorry . You still think they 're harmless ? There 's no sign of the missing gun . Are you guys gonna be done soon , or ... ? Hey , are you Duncan Federoe ? Uniform said this was your shindig ? Yeah , until the jack boots showed up . Campus police were assaulted . I 'd lose the attitude . [ Laughs ] Ok . I got some more garbage bags from campus services , but they said if we want to ... Hey ! I didn 't do anything ! What are you doing ! Let her go ! No ! Get back and sit down ! Kiera ! You still think this is a joke ? I remember you . How 's Theseus ? Kiera ! Kiera ! [ gasping ] Alec , I believe you already know the newest member of the board , Jack Dillon . Hi . I know this may seem very strange , but my father had vision . Sorry , a vision . A vision he shared with me before he died . Now , it was always my father 's intention to bring me into the world ... uh , his world . Bring me into Piron . Sorry . What I mean to say is that my father always told me that ... Alec . No need to worry about any of this . There is a detailed road map in place for transition . And you can rely on myself and the others assembled here to make sure that transition is smooth . Of course . Right now your skills are needed in lab seven with our lithium air project . And R and D needs a mind of your calibre . Ok , I 'll let you know what I find . Next item : components in our factor are coming up short . Rebecca 's story checks out , she was on security video in the library last night . She wasn 't anywhere near the party . Sid Elcos , faculty adviser . Anything we can do to have this place reopened ? It 's the San Mantos student center during the day , they like to see their money working . Nobody 's pressing charges . The professor here was very helpful with that . I cut them loose . You have a problem on this campus . The student body is riled up , that 's true . Liber8 is a terrorist organization . So is Sinn Fein , the ANC and the founding fathers of the United States to the Redcoats . We 're just looking for anybody that crossed the line . That line is moving by the day . Last week one of our papers was shuttered for publishing a pro-Liber8 cartoon . Why don 't you look at this list , tell us who would be worth talking to and who would be a waste of our time . I 'd like to get out of here sooner rather than later , wouldn 't you ? I talked to some of the students , I 've never heard so much complaining . What ? They 've got a legitimate beef . They have no jobs when they graduate , and now they 're being kicked around for just mentioning Liber8 ? [ Phone alert ] What 's next , we 're gonna bust them for full sleeve tats and ironic t-shirts ? Oh man , that 's not good . Uniforms are busting up a protest . Let 's go . [ chaos ] They tell you not to talk about it . Not about the debt ... You are subject to expulsion . Or the regret ... Disciplinary charter ! Disband immediately ! Resistance will be grounds for arrest . [ chanting ] Liber8 , Liber8 , Liber8 ! [ Whistle blows ] Clear them out . [ chaos ] When we say " Liberate " . [ Fireworks explode ] Gun ! Gun ! [ Gunshots ] [ Screams ] [ screams and chaos ] Witch direction were you facing when you saw the shooter ? That way . That way . And how many shots did you hear ? Two I think . Two probably . What about the shooter ? Can you describe them ? I don 't um ... I uh ... I can 't ... Ok . You should stop . Dillon 's gonna want a report . You gonna tell him that you had a beef with one of the victims ? How is that relevant ? It 's not . There 's no powder residue . Not on anybody 's hands . Can 't find any shell casings , either . That 's not right . Does this feel a little Kent State to you ? The old student revolution ? Nevermind , I don 't even know why I brought it up . Mr. Randol . Do you have any reaction to the shootings at Lion 's Gate University ? Several of the victims were your followers . Where 's your outrage ? You 're gonna twist this anyway . LGU students face a curriculum driven by corporate needs , not by educational ones . When the students try to point this out , the police roll in . Where 's my outrage ? Where 's yours ? Did you walk in there , do your adorable boy genius thing , and the board of directors was less than impressed ? I bet you had notes . How far did you get ? First card . Alec , did you really think they were gonna let you march in here and play Steve Jobs without a fight ? Do you even own a turtle-neck ? You need a shark to take on these sharks . I suppose you have a suggestion ? Well , I wouldn 't presume , though it would be nice to be asked . Alright , look . The board has a weak hand . You know what you do when you have a weak hand . You front . You bully . You do anything you need to to convince the other guy to fold . And stop buying suits off the rack . Listen to me . I 've read the dossiers on these board members . There 's no Kirk . There 's no Picard . They barely have a Jordy . Stop playing their game . How ? I guess that 's for you to figure out , genius . You 're the one with the oil . Convince them . Or find yourself a shark . No lead on the missing gun or proof of Liber8 plots . Early days . Witnesses deny any shots came from the crowd . Who 's taking the lead on Cantor 's debrief ? I am . One of the dead girls was definitely Liber8 ? Yes , I can confirm that personally . That 's terrible , but it 's something at least . And I canvassed for cell phone video and photos from the scene . They were all disabled . I mean , that 's what it looks like . You 're right . How would somebody do that ? Well , you can thank Piron . It 's an experimental geo-fencing solution . When the orders got given to break up the demonstration , GPS automatically disabled all recording and photo functions in the area . Huh . Well that 's a nice trick . It seemed like a good idea at the time . These are more names from the university . I want you back there . We 're widening the net . I want that gun . Let 's clear our men . Hey . Hey . You want me to book that in ? Uh , no . No , I got it . Ok , well I 'm just gonna try to narrow those names for ya . Ok , thanks . May I sit ? Yeah . How many ? They won 't tell me . Three . Two at the scene . One was taken to the trauma center but he didn 't make it . What happens now ? You haven 't been debriefed yet ? Lieutenant said he wanted to talk to me first . I want to um ... Cameron , I need you to give me the room . Yes sir . I think Cantor was about to tell me something . Stop right there . I can see the struggle you 're going through , Carlos . It doesn 't have to be like this . And how 's it supposed to be ? The system protects the people , right ? It 's supposed to . Then in order to protect the people , we must protect the system . What about the truth ? Where does that fit in ? In 2077 when you 're on a CPS call , the whole thing is recorded right ? Everything you see , start to finish ? Sent straight into evidence and judgment . Well , we don 't have that certainty here . Believe me , that kind of certainty creates it 's own problems . Cantor has a family and a future and there are consequences for what he did or didn 't do . Now , whatever you suspect , before you run it up the ladder , you have to be sure of what you believe in . A slogan from 2077 , or what 's in here . Aren 't you tired of being distorted ? Why don 't you have a little bit of respect ? I don 't have anything to say . Honey , you don 't know who you 're talking to . I know exactly who you are . I 've seen your show . Of course you have , I 'm huge in prisons . Six minutes , you say what you want . I get it , another failed revolutionary , your feet got held to the fire . A follower of yours is dead , but you want to lay low . Stirring . What if I wanted to say that the victims this morning were murdered ? Because that 's exactly what it would be if the shooter wasn 't wearing a uniform . Are you suggesting Officer Cantor was ordered to kill them ? By who ? Detective Carlos Fonnegra . Get up , get up ! The video was uploaded last night at 11 : 46 pm . Get up , kid . Come on , get up ! Party 's over , get up . Are you guys cops ? What do you want ? This will be a whole lot easier for you when you realize how much trouble you 're in . Ok . This doesn 't look like it belongs to you . Where 'd you get it ? Where 's the gun , Mike ? Somebody just ... Wait , did you say " gun " ? Somebody shot at a cop yesterday . People died . Hell of a video , though . Look , I swear . I found that in the common room . Sit down . Stay put . What the hell is this ? I haven 't done anything ! Get your hands off of me ! This is bullshit , I haven 't done anything ! What 's this ? It 's not my gun . Shut up . Got it . His name is on the list . They found the gun under his pillow . I 've never seen that before . There 's residue on it . It 's been fired twice . Got any priors , PJ ? The charges were dismissed ! I swear , I haven 't done anything ! Get him out of here . What ? Cameron . Nora . What brings you down here ? Officer involved shooting . Heard you were at the scene when they apprehended the suspect . And just now I found out from Officer Cantor that you , Fonnegra and Dillon were the first to debrief him . I didn 't speak with him very long . How did he seem ? Fine . Sure of his story ? I have statements from the other officers at the scene practically word for word . I 'm not sure what you 're getting at . I think you are . One of the victims was Liber8 , we got some cover there , but still . Two more dead . Good thing we have such a tidy story . Bit of friendly advice . When the truth finds its way to the light , it 's gonna go down fast . Scurrying out of the shadows then ? Way too late . Well , Batista finally decided to lawyer-up . We 're gonna keep him overnight . What ? I saw him at the demo , I scanned him with my CMR and there was no residue on his hands . What you know can 't be proved . Not yet . That 's what we do next . No , that 's what you do . I 've got multiple statements corroborating a single version of the event . And I know that he is innocent ! I can 't count on that . I 'm going to work the case . Every angle . And when you 've got something that I can use , we 'll talk . You need to go home , Alec . I know , I 'm just trying to get up to speed on Piron 's current slate . I served as your father 's council for three years . No one is expecting you to be him . Yeah , I know they don 't . Thanks , Jacqueline . You can go . I have the oil . I have the oil . Hi , it 's Alec Sadler . I need your help . Officer Cantor has two young daughters . He served our nation proudly for two years overseas in Afghanistan . Today , he is a hero . I 'm joined in studio by the man some credit , or blame , as an inspiration for this college violence , Julian Randol . Welcome , Mr. Randol . What 's your take on that report ? I think you 're turning a murderer into a hero and the bodies aren 't even cold yet . Murder is a strong word . Yeah , so is " hero " . One of the victims , Rebecca Barton , a follower of yours , correct ? I wouldn 't call her that , no . Why not ? Because it takes courage to think for yourself . She did . Maybe she was there as an agent provocateur . Maybe she was there getting her masters degree . It took a bullet to finish what Detectives Cameron and Fonnegra started . Are you seriously suggesting Rebecca Barton was assassinated ? Yes , I am . But they have someone in custody . Come on . Of course they do . See ? It changed the entire conversation . Hero cop , roll to commercial . Rebecca Barton dared to say that corporations aren 't people . They killed her for that . More with Julian Randol after this . We 're gonna have him back . You 've got the gift , son . Wow , you are electric . I don 't even know what I 'm doing half the time anymore . I sure as hell don 't know why I trust you more than I do her . You ? [ Laughs ] Agent Cameron ? Thank you for meeting me . Can we walk ? You said you had information vital to the case . We can 't debate Liber8 's aims because it upsets endowments . Lobbyists write the laws , companies drive the research . Isn 't that inevitable ? That 's a good question . Look at the history of your profession . I 'm not getting out of here without a lecture , am I ? London , 1829 , Robert Peele forms the metropolitan police , the first modern force responsive to the people . The whole nineteenth century is a whole story of the police freeing themselves from the political machines . Only when they are independent are they free to ask the right questions . Research is the same , that 's what we 're fighting for . That 's why Liber8 finds a sympathetic ear . The answers that you 're looking for , they 're right over there . He has something to tell you . I found the gun . I thought I 'd hold onto it , maybe sell it . Rebecca told me I had to get rid of it . Did you ? He brought it to me . I dumped it here , called the police , tipped them off and waited for them to arrive . Look , I know you two had history . Rebecca wasn 't bad , she was an idealist , and now she 's a dead terrorist . She only gets to be that one thing . I 'm sorry for your loss . The gun didn 't find it 's way under that boy 's pillow until they put it there . Why did you call me ? Something about you tells me you want to ask the right questions . Carlos , do you have any idea why there 's a bunch of reporters outside looking for us ? I had to come through the prisoner dock . Yeah , I meant to call you about that . Julian 's been busy . Thanks for the heads up . The gun was a plant . Batista 's innocent . I have to re-evaluate my position . We need to do the right thing here . Carlos ? What is it ? There was a calling pattern on Rebecca Barton 's phone . Same number kept cropping up . Untraceable . Check out the dates . I took it back a year . This was when we were looking for a mole in the department . And , more recently , when Liber8 took Jim Martin . Yeah . Betty found his location pretty quickly . I don 't know what to do . Yes you do . [ Phone rings ] The number jumped out at me . You ran it last year . Said it was a dead end . I switched the SIM card in your phone to make sure it matched . Why were you in contact with Rebecca Barton ? Carlos , please . I ... Some tech genius you are . You used the same secret SIM card for a year . Listen , Liber8 wanted me on the hook and I ... Save it , Betty . Carlos , I just need you to give me this one ... Desk duty ? It stands until the case is closed . Do you have any idea what 's going on in there ? Betty was caught in a big lie . A life-changer . Can you imagine that ? Lying to your brothers and sisters in blue every day . I didn 't ask for any of it . I 'm going to ask you one question , ok ? Are you going to tell the truth ? Cantor admitted he was confused . It was a tragic mistake . He shot first , there was no gun in the crowd . This is one of Cantor 's friends planting the evidence . They could have just recovered the gun , but they wanted to corroborate Cantor 's version of events . Nora and internal investigation are going to be all over this . They 're gonna say I put people up to cover for Cantor . Did you ? Excuse me ? Ok , we have been asking the wrong questions . So concerned with this Liber8 hot bed that we missed the traitor in our own department ? Are we gonna compound that mistake now ? Just tell Cantor to come clean , make the other statements go away . So throw him to the wolves . I think he wants to take responsibility for what he did . And then we get to let an innocent man go free . Ok . I want a statement from the professor , the pictures will go to Nora , she 'll be thrilled to get scalps . Obviously none of this means anything if Cantor doesn 't admit fault . What about Betty ? What 's going on ? You 'll be fitted with an ankle tracker that you will wear at all times . No one else has to see it , including your co-workers . All of your work will be supervised , all of your communications will be monitored . But I 'm not going to jail . We 're going to use you as bait . Wait for Liber8 to contact you . When you 're here , you work as normal . When you 're home , you 're under house arrest . For how long ? As long as it takes . You know me , Carlos . You know I would never ... You did . And now she gets to be only that one thing . Actually , I 'd like to hear what Mr. Sadler has to say . Uh ... I 've reviewed 96 active projects , 52 in which are military-focused . I suppose you think that 's too many . Too many that haven 't been exploited properly . Now , I propose that we fast-track civilian versions of 33 of these technologies and provide law enforcement with advanced prototypes for field testing and eventually for sale . Front line policing is the new military . The advanced troops , so to speak . And every police force around the globe will need new solutions for crime and civil unrest . Piron is ready to grow that market with technology that we already own . We increase our profits , positively affect community values and free up capital that we can use to make people 's lives better . Now , should we discuss the affected projects ? Dillon will make a powerful ally . First time I 've seen your father in you . Is that a good thing ? Very . Listen . I need your help with the insurance claim for the anti-matter lab . They 're denying payment because of video evidence of your experiment . My experiment ? What 's this ? Oh , well , you see , you 're actually part of an argument I 'm having with myself . Cantor , Batista , Rebecca . I mean , you certainly talk the talk , detective , but I haven 't seen any walking . You 're lecturing me . Some may see me as misguided , revolutionary maybe , but nobody can call me a hypocrite . So go ahead , you keep doing what you 're doing , but the next conversation that we have is not gonna be so friendly . I 'm happy to see you here . You are doing the right thing . I was taught to believe we all had a responsibility to protect the system , but I 'm starting to think that 's the wrong way to look at it . Each of us has our own responsibility to the truth . I changed my mind . I 'm not going to say anything . They told me they 'd probably rule it " inconclusive " . I 've got a family . I 'm sorry , Agent Cameron . [ coughing ] Jilani would like to thank you . Me too . You two were so brave . I 'm so proud of you ! Hey . I hope you girls are grateful . You just erased sixteen quarters of sustained growth . You know what ? You two can go and join the others over there . Your parents are gonna be here really soon , ok ? Bye . Directors up on 17-2 didn 't make it . They 're calculating sunk costs for education and projected output . It 'll be added to your life debt . Yes sir . Now , muster up ! The suppression system was deliberately compromised . This was a Liber8 job . Now they 're worried about heat damage to your CMRs , so they 're doing a diagnostic ... [ fades out ] How about you , Cameron ? Ship shape , sir . I disabled your tracking app . It 's what I would have done , too . This is very Marty McFly right now . What was it like ? Did you black out ? Did you see a light ? Did it hurt ? Wait , hold on . I knew it . Suck at nerds . This is awkward . Yeah . Yeah . Ok , so what do you want to talk about ? Uh , you first . Fine . What do you want ? What do I want ? Why are you here ? I don 't think you 'd understand . Try me . Emily . No , really . See ? I told you . You don 't think I have the right to know ? I 'm landlord of this time line . You 're a squatter . Where 's the device you used ? It 's safe . It 's safe from who , from me ? You 're really not gonna tell me anything . You know , if this was Star Trek , we 'd fight right now . Except it isn 't . How 'd you get that ? Shaving . You see ? You and me , we 're the same . I promise you , we 're not . Emily is a liar , and a crook . I mean , you didn 't travel through time for that . You 're not half as smart as you think you are . Oh , that 's real rich coming from you . Real burn there , Alec . Don 't push me , Alec . I 've seen things that you wouldn 't ... So I guess we 're not gonna be pals then , huh ? I don 't see how . Have it your way . You scared me . I know what you mean . Hey , that 's my shirt . Do you mind ? Do I mind ? Hi . Hi . You . I choose you . . : sync , corrected by caioalbanezi : . . : web dl sync snarry
