 Legends of lizard people . It had arms and legs like that of a man . Statues depicting strange creatures . They have the facial features of what seems to be reptiles . And underground caves said to be home to serpent gods . There are too many stories about reptilian entities living within the earth for them to be dismissed . Throughout history , there have been stories of beings half human , half reptile . Could they be more than mere fantasy ? And if so , might they be visitors from another planet ? You have to wonder if there 's not some truth to the stories of reptilian intervention on planet Earth . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might there be a connection between aliens and strange beings called The Reptilians ? Bishopville , South Carolina . June , 1988 . 2 : 00 a.m. 17 year old Christopher Davis had pulled over on a deserted road near Scape Ore Swamp to fix a flat tire . Just as he finished , he heard a noise behind him . He saw a strange , seven foot tall creature with red glowing eyes running towards him . Davis started to drive away , but the creature caught up with him and jumped on the roof of the car . Swerving hard to throw the creature off , he saw it had three fingers and green skin . Finally it fell from the car , and Davis sped away . And he ended up getting out of where he was , and he went immediately home . He was so upset that his parents called the police department . Sheriff Liston Truesdale actually went out there and interviewed him . He asked him to take a lie detector test and this young boy passed the lie detector test with flying colors . What Christopher Davis told the detective he saw was a Lizard Man . And what 's interesting is the police took the story very , very seriously . Although Christopher Davis' citing of the Lizard Man was certainly the most famous and infamous one , it 's not the only one . They tracked down a number of other witnesses who both previously and after had seen the Lizard Man . In the spring of 1988 , a crop duster named Frank Mitchell reported seeing what he said was a Lizard Man cross his grassy runway one morning as he was about to take off . And two years later , in 1990 , Bertha Blythers and her five children claimed they nearly hit a lizard like man while driving near the same swamp . Could these incidents all be related ? Is it merely coincidence that three separate people on three separate occasions reported seeing a lizard like man near the Scape Ore Swamp ? Could there possibly be another species of life down here , something we 're not aware of , and and they 're interacting with people ? Further sightings of a so called Lizard Man have been reported not only in this area , but also in Tennessee , Illinois and Austria . In fact , alleged encounters with these creatures have become so widespread , they are now collectively known by one name : the Reptilians . But could accounts of the Reptilians be more than just the product of overactive imaginations ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and as evidence they point to the legends of serpent gods that can be found throughout the world . In South America , Quetzalcoatl , Kukulkan they 're always referenced as serpent gods . Even in Japan or ancient China we have these dragon emperors and dragon gods . It 's very possible that there was a time in the past that ancient man was interacting with what appear to be living serpent beings a lost reptilian race . We can find these stories of serpent gods all around the world . I don 't mean just , you know , particular geographic regions . But on every continent , on virtually every ancient culture . You have them in India . You have them in China . In Greece . In England . In South and North America . In Africa . I mean , it doesn 't matter where you go in the world , there are these direct references to these serpent like beings that descended from the sky . So , to me , this is not a figment of the imagination . And certainly not coincidence . In addition to myths and legends passed down through oral history , early written texts also speak of serpent beings that were once present on Earth . The Bible speaks of a reptilian race the Seraphim we read about them in the Book of Isaiah . Some will interpret them as being the fiery ones , but the correct understanding is reptilian . There 's always been knowledge of the Reptilians . Some are good , others bad . Religious texts tell of reptilian beings whose existence is inexorably linked to that of the earth and humankind . So for example , in the Bible , the book of Genesis has a story about a serpent who tempts Eve , the first woman , by offering her the forbidden fruit from the Tree of Knowledge . Eve falls for the snake 's blandishments and she eats of that apple and forever changes human history , causing Adam and Eve to be expelled from the Garden of Eden and causing the serpent , too , to be punished in that he is doomed to slither upon the ground as a punishment for his disobeying God 's will . It is understood , in ancient legend , that prior to God punishing the serpent , the serpent was completely humanoid in character . And that this serpent this nachash was only one of a race of reptilian beings who served God . When you hear that story from a modern perspective , it sounds an awful lot like what people describe as the Reptilians , lizard like beings , or beings with the faces or visage of a viper . But if the serpent in the Garden of Eden really was a reptilian alien , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , could there be similar stories recorded in the ancient texts of other cultures as well ? In the Koran there 's a fascinating category of creatures known as the Djinn . The Djinn are ancient . They were here before humans . They 're a category unto themselves , not unlike angels . And at one point Iblis , the leader of the Djinn , offended God , crossed him , was rebellious and was cursed like the serpents in the Garden of Eden and became earthbound , trapped on Earth for eternity and they are here with us . Throughout the Mediterranean and the Near East , there is a very strong belief linking snakes , skinks , lizards and other reptiles to supernatural or magical creatures and in some cases , to the souls of ancestors . So it can be considered bad luck to kill one of these beings if you find it in the home because it might be a Djinn or another kind of supernatural creature that is visiting you . The Djinn . Kukulkan . The Serpent in the Garden of Eden . Could all of these stories about otherworldly serpent beings able to influence humanity be based on fact ? And if they have been part of human history for thousands of years , where do they come from ? Are they alien creatures coming to Earth from another planet , or could they be living right under our feet ? Los Angeles , California . January , 1934 . The Los Angeles Times publishes an article entitled " Lizard People 's Catacomb City Hunted , " accounting the attempt by mining engineer G. Warren Shufelt to locate and excavate a maze of tunnels which he believed were beneath the streets of downtown Los Angeles . Warren Shufelt was a mining engineer and he invented a device that he called the radio x ray to be used for gold mining and this device could find tunnels underground . And he actually created a map of the tunnels . Included on Shufelt 's map of tunnels were 16 places where he said he had located gold deposits . Shufelt gained momentum after meeting with a Hopi medicine man who told him the legend of the lizard people that live in underground cities . Warren Shufelt had a sit down with an Indian medicine man in Arizona who told him there was a Hopi legend that there was three cities on the Pacific Coast that were completely underground . The story goes that 5,000 years ago , there was a meteor shower , and these lizard people sought refuge underground . They dug these tunnels , and one of the network of tunnels was under the city of Los Angeles . According to the legend , the lizard people carved out vast chambers large enough to house a thousand families , using advanced technologies , such as a mysterious chemical that could easily bore through bedrock . Shufelt obtained permission from the city and began digging to try and reach the vast tunnel system . The city council , perhaps motivated by the alleged gold that was contained within the tunnels , allowed Shufelt to dig a 250 foot shaft , under the agreement that he would give them 50 % of the treasure , if recovered . Warren Shufelt was a successful mining engineer , and it seems that he had some kind of connection at The Los Angeles Times , ' cause The Times really followed the story . It was a story that caught the popular imagination . After a month of digging , and not reaching the tunnel system , Warren Shufelt and his team ran out of money and stopped the search . But fascination with the story continues to this day . So , now we have these stories of underground people , a race living underground in tunnels and bases . And you have to wonder is this some kind of reptilian extraterrestrials who have taken control of our planet and are living underground ? It seems incredible , and yet , it 's what some of the stories are telling us . Is it possible that an advanced race of lizard people once lived underneath the western United States ? And could they still be there today ? Astonishingly , a nearly identical legend exists halfway around the world . Benares , India . Within this city lies the Well of Sheshna , which in Hindu legend is an entrance into an underground city of the Nagas , a race of semi divine serpent people known throughout Eastern culture . In Benares , the sacred city of India , there is a well , the Well of Sheshna . This is one of the portals to the underground city , called Patala . And the Nagas live in this place . It 's a place of great power and mystery , and some danger , and only the holy can make contact with it . Patala is the underworld in Hindu mythology . There are many beings that live in there , many reptilians , which are called Nagas . As a demigod , they must have descended from heaven to the Earth to teach , to give special qualities , to the human world . Nagas are not really evil , being as in Judeo Christian context . Ancient astronaut theorists claim the Hindu stories of the Nagas bear a striking resemblance to the Hopi stories of lizard people , who also resided beneath the earth . So here we are linking the Naga , the serpent beings , with the reptilian beings of the Hopi tradition . We see a common thread here of these beings who are at one time reviled , and also , revered . But also , as beings that have a direct influence on humanity . Is it merely coincidence that extremely similar legends of advanced reptilian beings living underground can be found on opposite sides of the world ? And is it possible these reptilian underground dwellers surface every so often to interact with humanity ? Perhaps more clues can be found in artifacts unearthed in the cradle of civilization . Southern Iraq , 1923 . British archaeologist Sir Leonard Woolley leads an excavation to uncover the remains of one of the oldest agricultural communities in the world the Ubaid culture , which dates back to 5,900 BC . Among the remains , they discover some unusual clay artifacts . Among the dwellings and tools , they also discovered these strange looking clay figurines . And I say strange , because they don 't really look human . They have the facial features of what seems to be reptiles . Now , is it possible that the Sumerians were depicting a race of beings that were living among them at the time ? Mainstream scholars have debated the meaning of the statues since their discovery , thinking , perhaps , they were Sumerian gods . However , ancient astronaut theorists believe the statues could have a different meaning . These clay figurines have these , what are called , " coffee bean eyes . " They have these elongated skulls . They look very much like some kind of reptilian extraterrestrial . And they 're breast feeding children and doing very normal human things that you wouldn 't think that gods would necessarily be doing . So , it 's this mixture of human activity with these reptilian aliens . So we 're showing mammalian reptilian physiology . When it shows them , um , holding those babies , it 's not a normal thing to have anywhere an iconography throughout the entire world . And it makes you suspect as to whether or not they had actual physical contacts between them . But just what are these strange creatures ? Where do the reptilians , that have reportedly been witnessed by humans for thousands of years , come from ? Some ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer can be found by looking back , not thousands of years , but millions . Ottawa , Ontario . 1982 . At The National Museum of Canada , paleontologist and curator of vertebrate fossils , Dale Russell , publishes a thought experiment based on the trend toward larger brain sizes and the upright posture of dinosaurs . He proposes a theory about what one species of dinosaur would have evolved into if it had survived the mass extinction 65 million years ago . What he did is take the dinosaur known as Troodon , and they noticed the morphological changes in the skeletal structure of the dinosaur . And based on , over time , where it was going , they extrapolated it out further . And strangely enough , or wonderfully enough , they actually came up with a model that resembled a humanoid reptilian being , which actually matched that of the reports that we were hearing now , as well as reports from ancient history . So , for me , this was one of the most compelling pieces of information , where science actually says , it is possible . If the dinos hadn 't have died out , this would have become what he called the dinosauroid , an upright , standing , semi humanoid , semi reptilian entity , what we might call a reptoid . He thought it might stand four to five feet high , weigh about 90 pounds , and have a fairly advanced brain . Now , did this entity ever come into existence ? What if some of the dinosaurs didn 't become extinct ? What if they managed to survive the global extinction , or presumed extinction , 65 million years ago , and over time , some of them developed through natural selection , and they grew smaller , they became more intelligent , they became more adept and adaptive , and took on a humanoid form ? We necessarily shouldn 't think that the reptilians are extraterrestrials . Perhaps , in some strange way , they are our forefathers , albeit from millions and millions of years in the past . If the reptilians do exist , could they be the descendants of dinosaurs that walked the Earth millions of years ago ? Our concept of dinosaurs is changing all the time , of course , and , nowadays , we 're making so many new discoveries every year , that we 're reinterpreting them in many ways . Certainly , in ... if you looked 20 , 30 years back , there were so many things that have been found , and so many other things we know now . Particularly , I think it 's been very important that nowadays is , it 's completely very well accepted that the idea that dinosaurs are not extinct . That dinosaurs essentially evolved into birds , and that they 're alive today . And now that we know that not all the dinosaurs died out ... And , as a matter of fact , some survived to become birds warm blooded birds , mind you from a dinosaur which is considered reptile and cold blooded . We 're recognizing that even if these are birds now , we didn 't recognize them now as being part of the dinosaur family . What could these other pockets that have survived the devastation 65 million years ago ... Could they have evolved parallel to mankind in hidden cavern systems , and could they be actually the beings that we think are extraterrestrial , but are actually our terrestrial neighbors ? Paleontologists generally argue that the dinosaurs died out totally 65 million years ago . I think it 's certainly within the realm of feasibility that some found an ecological niche to survive in , and may even exist today . And I point out that , while we hear UFO abductees talking about little Greys and tall humanoids , a minority of them do report encounters with what we would call reptoids . So , it 's possible that on some planet , if not Earth , somewhere else , they evolved from dinosaurs . To find another place in the universe that was so rich with resources and so capable of supporting life was probably a very exciting discovery for extraterrestrial visitors to Earth in our prehistory . In their eyes , this could have been the place they could colonize , or perhaps act as a working environment for experiments they were doing with new species they were trying to engineer . Maybe they manipulated dinosaur DNA to favor certain mutations . By playing with certain mutations in the genes of dinosaurs , highly advanced extraterrestrials , through genetic modification , may have been able to alter the course of dinosaur evolution to favor the rise of mammals . Is it possible celestial travelers manipulated the DNA of reptiles and mammals on Earth , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And could one of their experiments have resulted in a reptilian human hybrid species that now exists primarily underground ? It 's very possible that the reptilian agenda extends well into our history . We really don 't know the full record of dinosaurs on our planet since dinosaurs were here for millions of years . Many of these references to a current reptilian race or an ancient serpent race that was worshiped by various cultures could be an offshoot , a genetic variation of dinosaurs that naturally evolved here on Earth . If extraterrestrials assisted the evolution of reptiles , as well as human beings , could there have been some mixing of reptile and human genes ? Perhaps we need to look no further than our own bodies . Punjab , India . 2001 . A boy named Balaji is born with a bizarre deformity a seven inch tail . Believing his tail to be a sign of divinity , people begin flocking to his house , offering prayers , money and gifts , hoping their wishes will be fulfilled in return . He otherwise seemed normal , but he had a weird serpent like tail at the base of his spine . And the reason why he was being worshipped was that their own legends reported beings with tails like this . And they thought that he was the reincarnated form of one of the gods . Over 100 cases of human tails have been reported in medical journals since the 1800s . Every human embryo has a small tail in the early stages of development , which is absorbed by the growing body by nine weeks of pregnancy . Similarities in the developmental stages of embryos of animals have been observed for a very long time . Darwin noted that , um , closely related species often have embryos that start off looking essentially identical . And then , it 's not until later in development that they start to develop some of their characteristics that sort of uniquely define the different species . And , in fact , our own embryos have a tail , for instance , and look very much like the embryos of other vertebrae animals if we go , you know , really early , early into our development . If you go back far enough , humans and reptiles share a common ancestor . If you go back about 300 million years before present , you find this group that 's evolving , where one line went off towards what 's now the reptiles and the birds , and the other line went off to a whole series of animals , including the ancestors of what became the mammals . And that occurred ... that split starts to occur by about 250 million years before present . For so many years , we grew up thinking that reptiles were the closest relative to dinosaurs , and that ... now we know that 's a little bit different . In fact , if you look at Tyrannosaurus , it 's essentially the predecessor to modern birds . So , we go way back , and we look at how evolution has changed animal forms over the years , and some of the mammals looked a lot like reptiles . They looked like little furred lizards , in fact . So , yeah , I mean , if ... You know , looking at the evolution of life on the planet , yeah , we 're all ... we 're all related . In addition to humans born with tails , there are other genetic conditions that might suggest a link with our reptilian past . People with the disease ichthyosis have dry , scaly skin . And people with the diseases called syndactyly and ectrodactyly have fused fingers and claw like hands . There 's even a biblical legend that people who lived before the patriarch Noah had webbed fingers . Legend says that until the time of Noah , all human beings were born with webbed fingers , almost reptilian in nature . And that Noah was the first to be born without that . And as such was a sign and a symbol of things to come . Might there have been when reptilian characteristics were more prevalent in humans ? There are traditions in numerous cultures of reptilian bloodlines associated with royalty . According to legend , Alexander the Great was sired by a dragon . Japanese legends state the founder of the Imperial Dynasty Jimmu was the great grandson of a dragon god . And in China , ancient emperors were described as having a dragon like appearance . Is it possible these ancient rulers did have a more direct connection to reptilian ancestors ? The royal bloodline issue is one of which they believe that the heredity of certain individuals carried some form of a unique signature in the blood that was bestowed upon them by ancient reptilian human beings . So , let 's ask this question why throughout known human history have there been certain families and bloodlines that have claimed to be superior to the rest of humanity , so superior that they have a right to rule over them . Why do , or did Chinese emperors claim the right to rule because of their alleged descendents from the serpent gods ? Why did the the kings of Media , now Iran , why were they called the Dragon Dynasty of Media ? Why is this constant theme unfolding all the way through history ? Might the stories of rulers with reptilian bloodlines be true ? And if so , is it possible that all humans have a genetic connection to reptilian ancestors ? Some believe more proof can be found in our brains . January , 1977 . Esteemed scientist Carl Sagan publishes his Pulitzer Prize winning book ... Dragons of Eden . Speculations on the evolution of human intelligence . The book explores the theory put forth my neuroscientist Paul MacLean , which connects parts of the brain to different time periods in history . Paul MacLean suggested that the forebrain itself could actually be subdivided into three different parts . One of which he called the reptilian complex , the other he called the paleomammalian complex or later was referred to as the limbic system and the third he called the neomammalian complex . This was significant because he tied these three different aspects of the forebrain to evolutionary history , to development . So , he suggested that the more primitive reptilian brain was the oldest part of the brain and it was reminiscent of our evolving from reptiles . So the reptilian complex or the basal ganglia , um , MacLean associated with some of the more aggressive behaviors or territoriality of some of these things we typically associate with many reptilian species . If a human only had the reptilian part of the brain , they basically would be operating just by instinct . If they want food , they would just take it . If they want sex , they would just rape the person . There would be no higher order thought at all . Carl Sagan suggested that we need to actually focus on the reptilian brain because that 's where these primitive urges of aggression and territorialism come from , especially in an age where we 're involved with a lot of war and conflict . And where governments are appealing to our fear and our primitive aspects of our , that are motivating us . But is it possible that the reptilian aspect of our brains along with rare human anomalies , like people born with tails , scaly skin and fused fingers might be the result of something other than our evolution from prehistoric reptiles ? Could it be evidence that the so called Reptilians not only exist , but that we may even share a similar genetic makeup ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer may lie with ancient religious texts describing human like entities with reptilian characteristics . Nag Hammadi , Egypt . December , 1945 . An Arab farmer discovers a sealed earthenware jar containing 13 leather bound papyrus books . These books , now known as the Nag Hammadi codices , were written by the early Christians known as Gnostics in the first several centuries AD . These mysterious texts contain the gospels of Thomas and Philip as well as other previously unknown secret gospels . Mixed in with the religious writings are poems , instructions for mystical practice and a description of the origin of the universe . They shed a great deal of light on early religious issues , Biblical texts , and Biblical history . And they made a mention of a very mysterious race of creatures that have become known as the Archons . We don 't really know what the Archons were or even are . What 's interesting is that there is actually a depiction and description of the Archons looking definitively reptilian . So this has given rise to the idea that perhaps the Reptilians , the Archons were one and the same . They 're very robot like , very machine like and therefore very predictable . And given that you see the machine like nature of so many reptilian animals and , uh , what have you in the human society , there is a correlation between the two and why the reptilian form is so common an expression of this machine like , unemotional , computer like mentality . Considering that the reptilian aspect of our brains is believed to be responsible for our most aggressive and reflexive behaviors , is it possible the stories of the Archons really are describing Reptilian humanoid beings ? And might our own so called Reptilian traits really be the product of alien engineering ? People focus on the Garden of Eden story in the Bible , as if it 's a one off . Look around the world , and you 'll find similar stories on a similar theme . It seems to be talking about when humans were created . Adam and Eve . I would strongly suggest , from my research , that actually it 's not talking about that at all . It 's talking about the point when human genetics were interfered with and genetically manipulated . And so humans became , at that point , themselves , a hybrid . Which had a great infusion , I would suggest , of what I would call our Archon genetics . Symbolically , the serpent in the Garden of Eden . One could make the argument that the being that approached Eve in the Garden of Eden might have been a Reptilian . And one suggestion is that the whole idea of the Garden of Eden was nothing else but some type of a lab . A lab that was run by extraterrestrials in which we were ultimately created . Now , this sounds absolutely insane and I 'm aware of how this sounds . But , if you look into the whole story along with all the other supporting accounts , then if you are of the same mindset , you could potentially come to the same conclusion . Are human beings really the product of genetic manipulation by extraterrestrial visitors ? And were our ancestors some form of reptilian human hybrid ? Many ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and they believe that reptilian humanoids not only existed on our planet tens of thousands of years ago , but that they are alive and well , and living among us to this day . Eugene , Oregon . 1982 . Wes Penre woke up in his bedroom , feeling paralyzed and icy cold . He saw what he described as a horrible creature across the room green , hairless , extremely muscular and with red glowing eyes . Wes was terrified until the creature disappeared from his room . During the early 1980s , I noticed that there were reports coming across of individuals who claimed to have had contact , not with the small diminutive little grey beings or the Nordic blondes from the ' 50s . These were quite different . These were reptilian humanoid beings . In other words , humanoid beings that had reptilian physiology to their outer appearance . And they started showing up in some of the shadows of some of the more reliable cases that I was investigating . I 'm aware of a number of cases where people have woken up in the middle of the night sort of frozen in bed unable to move , and seen these 7 to 8 foot tall reptilian type creatures just hovering over them . And each and every person who 's reported on this has just got a sense of just complete dread and hatred . Now you could , I guess , make the argument that the person is so terrified , they assume that the Reptilians were hostile . That 's an interesting angle to take . Maybe it 's just that they look fierce , they look intimidating , that we necessarily assume they are . Perhaps they 're not . Could recent reports of human encounters with strange , reptile like creatures really be proof that our reptilian ancestors still exist ? But if so , why ? The Reptilian agenda is very simple . They are seeking to hijack life on Earth to over now thousands of years and more infiltrate and infiltrate human society , to change it into their image , to centralize power in the hands of those that represent their interests to the point where they dictate from a central point . You have to wonder just what role Reptilians do play in this planet and whether there 's some kind of battle between various extraterrestrial races , and that the Reptilians have been forced underground , away from our civilization by other extraterrestrials who have , in a sense , won the battle for planet Earth . Because the Reptilians seem hostile and look hostile , does that mean there 's an agenda to take us over to wipe us out ? I don 't know . We could look at it from the perspective we 're like cattle . Reptilians have no desire to wipe us out , but in some capacity , we 're useful to them , in the same way that a cow is useful to a farmer . Personally , I do not subscribe to the Reptilian agenda . We are not slaves . We have free will . We can do whatever the hell we want . It is very easy for human beings to say , oh , look , the reason why we 're in this shape on planet Earth is because we 're a slave species , we are beholden to them . I would have to say that the thing that will finally unite humans and reptoids together is actually the fact that we all descended from a common heritage . And even though we look different now , if we share our planet and have different physical appearances , it doesn 't really matter . I think it would be great to reinvent humankind by introducing us to another alien species . So there are advantages to be had for contact with these entities . Do scaly , humanoid creatures known as Reptilians really exist ? And , if so , are they an alien created species ? One which harbors a sinister plan for humanity ? Or will they reveal themselves to be our genetic brothers and initiate a future where Reptilians and humans finally become one ?
