 People disappear all the time . Young girls run away from home . Children stray from their parents and are never seen again . Housewives take the grocery money , and a taxi to the train station . Most are found eventually . Disappearances , after all , have explanations . Usually . Strange , the things you remember . Single images and feelings that stay with you down through the years . Like the moment I realized I 'd never owned a vase . That I 'd never lived any place long enough to justify having such a simple thing . And how at that moment , I wanted nothing so much in all the world as to have a vase of my very own . It was a Tuesday afternoon . Six months after the end of the war . Oh , God ! Oh , God ! Hold him ! Hold him right now ! You hear me ? Jesus ! Here , quickly ! Doctor , doctor ! I 'll have to clamp the femoral artery before he bleeds out . It 's all right , Jackie boy . You 're going home , mate . Oh , my God ! - Oh , Jesus . - Move ! We 've got him now , nurse . Scalpel . Claire ! Did you hear ? It 's over ! It 's really finally over ! Somehow in my mind , V.E. Day , the end of the bloodiest and most terrible war in human history , grows fainter with each passing day . But I can still recall every detail of the day when I saw the life I wanted sitting in a window . I sometimes wonder what would 've happened if I 'd bought that vase and made a home for it . Would that have changed things ? Would I have been happy ? Who can say ? I do know this : even now , after all the pain and death and heartbreak that followed , I still would make the same choice . We were in Scotland on our second honeymoon . Or at least that 's what Frank called it . A way to celebrate the end of the war years and begin our lives anew . But it was more than that . I think we both felt a holiday would be a convenient masquerade for the real business of getting to know the people we 'd become after five years apart . - What do you suppose that is ? - Huh ? Oh , good lord . It 's blood . You sure ? Think I should know the look of blood by now . There 's a stain just like it on the house next door . There 's two more over there . We seem to be surrounded by homes marked with blood . Perhaps Pharaoh has refused Moses , and the spirit of death will travel the streets of Inverness tonight , sparing only those who mark their doors with lamb 's blood . Well , you may be closer than you think . Could well be some sort of sacrificial ritual , but I suspect pagan rather than Hebrew . I had no idea Inverness was such a hotbed of contemporary paganism . Oh , my dear , there 's no place on earth with more magic and superstition mixed into its daily life than the Scottish Islands . Hm . Shall we ? Lead on . The blood you saw is that of a Black Cockerel . It 's an old custom at this time of year to make such a sacrifice to honor Saint Odhran . Ah , Odhran . He was sainted in the- - the eighth century ? You know your history . I 'm afraid my husband is a historian , Mrs. Baird . He 'd quite happily stand here holding forth for hours - if you encourage him . - Hardly . Highland folklore is far from my speciality , but am I right in thinking there 's- - isn 't there an old saying associated with Saint Odhran ? Yes . " The earth went over Odhran 's eyes . " He , um--he was buried alive , voluntarily . Charming . Are you a professor , then , Mr. Randall ? I will be soon . He 's accepted a post at Oxford beginning in two weeks . Ah , then this is a last holiday before settling down to workaday life again , is it ? Well , you 've picked a bonnie time to be here . Just nigh on Samhain . I take it that 's Gaelic for " Halloween " ? Well , Halloween is derived from Samhain . The church often took pagan holidays , renamed them for their own purposes . Samhain became Halloween , Yule became Christmas , so on . Well , you 're both welcome at the festival , of course . Mind you , ghosts are freed on the feast days . They 'll be wandering about , free to do good or ill as they please . Of course , what would Halloween , Samhain , be without a good ghost story ? Oh , and we have those , for sure . I 'll show you to your room . Before the war we were inseparable . But for the next five years , we saw each other a grand total of ten days . It 's not without its charms . Beats an army tent and a cot in the mud . Indeed . When the war ended , we both thought things would return to the way they once were , but they hadn 't . Gosh . So much for marital privacy . Do you think the sound carries ? I think it 's fair to say Mrs. Baird will be kept appraised of any renewed attempt to start a family . - Lazybones . - Hmm ? You 'll never manage the next branch in your family tree if you don 't show more industry than that . Oh , really ? What are you doing ? Come on . Mrs. Randall , what am I to do with you ? Right . What are you doing ? You 're gonna break the bed . You know , one of those things I used to try and remember , lying in my cot was the sound of my husband 's laugh . I couldn 't conjure it no matter what I did . Couldn 't hear it , even though I 'd heard it a million times before . It 's the strangest thing . I know . I used to , um ... I used to sketch this . - My hand ? - Mm-hmm . Well , the lines , really . Why , exactly , I 'm not sure , but I had a very clear memory of this--this pattern . Made little doodles everywhere . There was , um ... a Brigadier once dressed me down because I drew it in the margin of a report for the Minister . Yeah . Claire . Happy ? Yes . Frank 's passion for history was another reason for choosing the Highlands . You see up there ? Up on top there , that 's Cocknammon Rock . And in the 17th and 18th centuries , you would have often found British army patrol up there lying in wait for Scottish rebels and brigands . Can you see how it commands the high ground in every direction ? It was a perfect position for an ambush . Not that I minded . I was raised by my uncle after the death of my parents . - Uncle Lamb was an archaeologist . - Ah , yes . So I 'd spent the balance of my formative years traipsing through dusty ruins , and various excavations throughout the world . I had learned to dig latrines and boil water , and do a number of other things not suitable for a young lady of gentle birth . Uncle . Oh , yes . Very thoughtful . Frank 's newfound passion was genealogy . His personal genealogy , that is . Mine was botany . I 'd developed a keen interest in the use of plants and herbs for medicinal purposes . So from what I can gather , Castle Leoch was the ancestral home of the Laird of the Mackenzie clan until midway through the nineteenth century . Here , take a look . In a way , burying himself in the distant past gave Frank an ability to escape the recent . While I was in the army , Frank had served in London in intelligence , overseeing spies and running covert operations . See , I think this might 've been the kitchen . - Really ? - Mm . I would say that 's probably a hearth . Strange . I have no evidence that my ancestor visited this castle , but it was within his operational sphere , so ... it 's just possible that he walked these very halls . He 'd sent dozens of men behind the lines on secret missions . and most never came back . He didn 't talk about it very often , but I knew it preyed on him . It won 't open . Oh , come on . Three , two , one . What do you think this was used for ? From the lack of proper lighting and ventilation , I would say ... province of the Castle hermit ? Perhaps a troll or two . I don 't think trolls live in pairs . Solitary creatures , they . More 's the pity . All this ... and no one to share it with . You 'll get dirty . You can give me a bath . Well , Mrs. Randall , I do believe you 've left your undergarments at home . Yes . Yes , yes , yes , I found her . Oh , indeed . Let 's have a look . " Him " ? - Is it- - is it Walter ? - No , Darling , Jonathan . Jonathan Wolverton Randall . Finally . Captain of Dragoons in the British Army - and your direct ancestor . - Exactly . Otherwise known as " Black Jack , " a rather dashing nickname that he probably acquired while he was stationed here in the 1740s . The Reverend has found a series of army dispatches that mention the captain by name . - Oh , how exciting . - Mm . It is . Good to see all your sleuthing over the past week has paid off . Yes , I was beginning to wonder . It appears Black Jack commanded the garrison at Fort William for four years or so . Seems to have spent quite a bit of his time harassing the Scottish countryside on behalf of the crown . Well , he was hardly alone in that endeavor . The English were deeply unpopular throughout the Highlands in the 18th century . Well into the 20th , it would seem . I distinctly heard the barman in the pub last night refer to us as " Sassenachs . " Well , I hope you didn 't take offense . It only means " Englishman , " after all . Or at worst , " outlander . " I 've brought you a wee bit of refreshment , gentlemen . I brought but the two cups , for I thought perhaps Mrs. Randall might care to join me in the kitchen- - Yes . Yes , absolutely . Thank you . See you later . This is ... this person here ... Ah , it 's been so long since I 've had a good cup of Oolong . Aye . I couldn 't get it during the war . It 's best for the readings , though . Oh , I had a terrible time with that Earl Grey . The leaves fall apart so fast it 's hard to tell anything at all . So you read tea leaves , then ? Like my grandmother taught me . And her grandmother before that . Drink up your cup . Let 's see what we 've got there . Well ? Am I going to meet a tall , dark stranger and take a trip across the sea ? Could be . Or could not . Everything in it 's contradictory . There 's a curved leaf , which indicates a journey , but it 's crossed by a broken one , which means staying put . And there are strangers there , to be sure . Several of them . And one of them 's your husband , if I read the leaves alright . Show me your hand , dear . Odd . Most hands have a likeness to them . There are patterns , you know ? But ... this is a pattern I 've not seen before . The large thumb , now , means that you 're strong-minded and you 've a will not easily crossed . And this is your mount of Venus . In a man , it means he likes the lasses . But ' tis a bit different for a woman . To be polite about it , your husband isn 't likely to stray far from your bed . The lifeline 's interrupted , all bits and pieces . The marriage line 's divided . Means two marriages . But ... most divided lines are broken . Yours is ... forked . I suspect your ancestor had a patron . A prominent and powerful man who could protect him from the censure of his superiors . Possibly , but it would have to have been someone very high up in the hierarchy of the day to exert that kind of influence . The Duke of Sandringham . The Duke of Sandringham . Hold on , wasn 't Sandringham a suspected Jacobite himself ? Aye , you know , I believe you 're right . And the duke died under very suspicious circumstances just before the battle of ... none of that , none of that . Stand away before you do some permanent damage . We 're getting somewhere at last . I 'm really glad to hear it , but I think I shall take my leave . Oh , so soon ? Yes , I , uh ... feel a bath is in order . Aye , of course . Well , I hope you 'll join us for Samhain tomorrow night . What , the pagan festival ? Reverend Wakefield , you do astonish me . Well , I love a good ghost story as much as the next fellow . Right . Take your time , darling . But do try to get home before the storm breaks . I will . I 'd never put any stock in superstition . And my Catholicism was nominal at best . However , I couldn 't shake the feeling that Mrs. Graham 's words had the ring of prophecy . The war had taught me to cherish the present because tomorrow might not ever come to pass . What I didn 't know at the time was that tomorrow would prove less important than yesterday . Jesus h . Roosevelt Christ . Excuse me . Can I help you with something ? Frank , I was hoping to have the whole place lit up by the time you got back . Darling ? What 's the matter ? Frank . You look like you 've seen a ghost . I 'm not at all sure that I haven 't . When he pushed past me , he was close enough that I should have felt him brush my sleeve as he passed , but I- - I didn 't . And then I turned around to say something , and he 'd gone . He just vanished . That 's when I felt a chill down my spine . Did you have many Scots in your charge during the war ? Yes . Was quite a few . There was one in particular . He was a piper in the third Seaforths . He couldn 't stand being stuck with a needle . Was ... Right . What is it , exactly , that you 're asking me , Frank ? When I saw that chap staring up at you , I thought he might be someone you 'd nursed . Someone who might be looking for you now . To reconnect . To " Reconnect ? " It wouldn 't be unusual . It wouldn 't be surprising if you 'd- - sought some comfort . Are you asking me- if I 've been unfaithful ? - Claire ... Is that what you think of me , Frank ? No , darling , no . No . All I meant was that even if you had , it would make no difference to me . I love you , and nothing you could ever do could stop my loving you . Forgive me . I ... Forgive me ? Of course . Sex was our bridge back to one another . The one place where we always met . Whatever obstacles presented themselves during the day or night , we could seek out and find each other again in bed . As long as we had that , I had faith that everything would work out . That reminds me , I , um ... I want to set an alarm . Mm-mm , no . I thought we weren 't setting alarms on this trip . I want to see the witches . Must I ask ? Apparently there 's a circle of standing stones on a hill just outside the village , and there 's a local group who still observe rituals there . Well , they 're not actually witches . This lot are meant to be Druids . Sadly I don 't think they 'll be a coven of devil worshippers . Well , it 's a pity . Can 't imagine anything I 'd rather do . Liar . Where will we be watching this spectacle ? A place called Craigh Na Dun . So according to local folklore , these stones were carried here from Africa by a race of Celtic giants . I wasn 't aware that the Celts made a lot of trips to Africa . Only the giant ones . Is that Inverness ? Yes , it must be . Someone 's coming . Is that Mrs. Graham ? I think it is . The reverend 's housekeeper 's a witch . Not a witch . A Druid , remember ? They should have been ridiculous . And perhaps they were . Parading in circles on top of a hill . But the hairs on the back of my neck prickled at the sight . And some small voice inside warned me , I wasn 't supposed to be here . That I was an unwelcome voyeur to something ancient and powerful . Wait for me . I 'm caught on something . I 'll be there in a minute . Claire . Someone 's coming . Come on . Shh . We should go . What have you got there ? Mm , I 'm looking for that plant . I think it 's a forget me not , but I 'm not sure . Why don 't you pop back and get it ? I was considering it . Would you care to go with me ? Oh , darling , I 'd love to , but I 've got an appointment with the reverend . He found a box of materials last night . Bills of sale from Black Jack 's quartermaster . That sounds terribly exciting . You 're laughing at me . Never . Shall I meet you for dinner later ? Yes . - Love you . - Love you . Come here . Once , traveling at night , I fell asleep in the passenger seat of a moving car . Lulled by the noise and the motion into an illusion of serene weightlessness . Then the driver took a bridge too fast . and I woke to see the world spinning outside the car windows , and the sickening sensation of falling at high speed . That is as close as I can come to describing what I experienced . But it falls woefully short . What ? When confronted with the impossible , the rational mind will grope for the logical . Perhaps I had stumbled onto the set of a cinema company filming a costume drama of some sort . But there was no logical reason for actors to fire live ammunition . Frank ? What the devil are you doing ? You 're not Frank . No , madam , I 'm not . Who the bloody hell are you ? I 'm Jonathan Randall , esquire . Captain of his majesty 's Eighth Dragoons . At your service . Who are you ? My husband 's expecting me . He 'll come looking for me if I 'm not back in ten minutes . Your husband . What 's his name ? What is his name ? Frank . Frank what ? Frank Beauchamp . He 's a teacher . Well , it 's a pleasure to meet you , Mrs. Frank Beauchamp , a teacher 's wife . You must think me the fool . You 'll be well advised to tell me exactly who you are and why you are here . Madam , you will find my patience is not infinite . Get off me , you bastard . Ah , the speech of a lady . The language of a whore . I choose the whore . Druid ! - What ? - Druid ! Who are you ? Where are we going ? Where are we go ... Take your men over there ! He- - I wanted it to be a dream , but I knew it wasn 't . If nothing else , my erstwhile savior fairly reeked of odors too foul to be part of any dream I was likely to conjure up . Let 's have a look at ye , then , lass . I trust you 're able to see me now . What 's your name ? I decided to continue using my maiden name . If they intended to ransom me , I didn 't want to lead them back to Frank . Claire . Claire Beauchamp . Claire Beauchamp . That 's right . And just what the hell do you think you 're ... - You said you found her ? - Aye . She was having words with a certain captain of Dragoons with whom we are acquaint ' . There seemed to be some question as to whether the lady was or was not a whore . And what was the lady 's position in this discussion ? I am not . We could put it to the test . I don 't hold with rape . And we 've not the time for it , anyway . Dougal , I 've no idea what she might be or who , but I 'll stake my best shot she 's no a whore . We 'll puzzle it out later . We 've got a good distance to go tonight . And we must do something about Jamie first . Escape was my chief concern . But I had no idea where I was . And trying to find the road back to Inverness in the gathering darkness felt like a fool 's errand . Out o ' joint , poor bugger . Ye can 't ride with it like that , can you , lad ? Hurts bad enough sitting still . I couldn 't manage a horse . I don 't mean to be leaving him behind . There 's no help for it , then . I 'll have to force the joint back . Aye . The wisest course of action would have been to keep my head down , my mouth shut , and wait for the search parties Frank must have called out by now . Here , lad . Hold him . Don 't you dare ! Stand aside at once . You 'll break his arm if you do it like that . You have to get the bone of the upper arm in the correct position before it slips back into joint . Hold him steady . This is the worst part . It doesn 't hurt anymore . It will . It will be tender for about a week . You 'll need a sling . You . Fetch me a long piece of cloth or a belt . " Fetch me , " she says . Do you hear that , lads ? Give her your belt . Taking a guess you 've done this before . I 'm a nurse . - Aye . - Not a wet nurse . He mustn 't move the joint for two or three days . When you begin to use it again , go very slowly at first . Stop at once if it hurts . And use warm compresses on it daily . All right . How does that feel ? Better . Thank ye . - Can ye ride ? - Aye . Good . We 're leaving . Where is it ? Where 's the city ? Should be visible from here . Inverness ? You 're looking straight at it . There were no electric lights as far as the eye could see , so as much as my rational mind rebelled against the idea , I knew in my heart I was no longer in the 20th century . Get yerself up . Ye be sure to stay close to the rest of us . And should ye try anything else , I shall slit your throat for ye . Do you understand me ? Gimme yer foot . Give it to me . Careful . What are you trying to do ? I 'll get my plaid loose to cover ye . You 're shivering . Thank you , but I 'm fine , really . You 're shaking so hard it 's making my teeth rattle . The plaid 'll keep us both warm , but I canna do it one-handed . Can you reach ? Don 't want you to freeze before sunup . Sunup ? You mean we 'll be riding all night ? All night . And the next one too , I reckon . A fine time of year for a ride , though . Druid . You see up there ? I know this place . Been through here before , have ye ? Yes . The 17th and 18th centuries , you 'd have often found a British army patrol up there . I recognize that rock . The one that looks like a cock 's tail . It has a name . Cocknammon Rock . The English , they- - they used it for ambushes . They could be lying in wait right now . It 's a bonnie place for an ambush , right enough . Dougal . Dougal . Dougal . Now , you 'll be telling me exactly how and why you come to know there 's an ambush up ahead . I don 't know , but I heard the redcoats use Cocknammon Rock ... Where did you hear ? In the village . Hide yourself ! Lost yer way ? I hope you haven 't been misusing that shoulder . You 're hurt . This lot is in my blood . Not much of it , anyway . Dougal and the others will be waiting further up the stream . We should go . - I 'm not going with you . - Yes , you are . What , are you going to cut my throat if I don 't ? Why no ? But ... you don 't look that heavy . Now if you won 't walk , I shall pick you up and throw you over my shoulder . Do you want me to do that ? No . Well , then ... I suppose that means yer coming with me . Serves you right . Probably torn your muscles as well as bruising . Well , wasna much of a choice . If I dinna move my shoulder , I 'd never have moved anything else ever again . I can handle a single Redcoat with one hand . Maybe even two . Not three . Besides , ye can fix it for me again when we get to where we 're going . That 's what you think . Here 's to you , lass . For tipping us to the villains in the rocks and giving us a wee bit o ' fun ! Have a wee nip . It willna fill your belly , but will make you forget you 're hungry . Stop ! Help ! He 's going over ! Help me get him up . Come on . Lift . Take it easy . Gunshot wound . The idiot could have said something . It 's a clean exit . I think the round 's gone straight through the muscle . I don 't think it 's serious , but he 's lost a lot of blood . It 'll need to be disinfected before I can dress it properly . Disinfect ? Yes , it must be cleaned of dirt to protect it from germs . Germs ? Just get me some iodine . Merthiolate ? Alcohol ? Oh , yes . Yes . Here ye go . Welcome back . I 'm all right , just a wee bit dizzy . You 're not all right . Can you tell how badly you were bleeding ? You 're lucky you 're not dead . Brawling and fighting and throwing yourself off horses . Right , I need a sterile bandage and some clean cloth . Jesus H. Roosevelt Christ . Hold still . Easy . All right . Lift him up . Come on , you goddamn bloody bastard . I 've never heard a woman use such language in my life . Your husband should tan your hide for ye , woman . St. Paul says , " Let a woman be silent- - " You can mind your own bloody business , and so can St. Paul . And if you move so much as a single muscle while I 'm tying this bandage , I will bloody throttle you . Ah . Threats , is it ? And after I shared my drink with ye . We 've 15 miles to go yet . Five hours at least , if not seven . We 'll stay long enough for ye to stem the bleeding and dress his wound , no more than that . He needs rest . Did you hear me ? Randall . The officer you- - you encountered . He won 't give up so easily . He commands the Redcoats hereabouts . He 'll have sent patrols out in every direction by now . I canna stay here long . You know Randall ? Black Jack Randall , that is ? Aye . I won 't risk you or anyone else being taken prisoner by that man . If ye canna fix me up well enough to ride , you 'll be leaving me here with a loaded pistol , so I may determine my own fate . Might 've well told me you were shot before you fell off the horse . Didn 't hurt much at the time . Does it hurt now ? Aye . Good . That 's about all I can do . The rest is up to you . Thank you , Sassenach . Truly . All right , well , on your horse , soldier . Castle Leoch . I 'd been here with Frank two days ago . Or was that in the future ? How could I remember something that hadn 't happened yet ? So far I 'd been assaulted , threatened , kidnapped , and nearly raped . And somehow , I knew that my journey had only just begun .
