 [ WIND HOWLING ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . ♪ There " be a place where I can stay ♪ ♪ I was born and raised in San Jose ♪ ♪ Fm going back to find Some peace of mind in San Jose ♪ ♪ Fame and fortune is a magnet ♪ ♪ It can pull you far away from home ♪ ♪ With a dream in your heart You 're never alone ♪ ♪ Dreams turn into dust And blow away ♪ ♪ And there you are without a friend You pack your car and ride away ♪ MAN : Hey . ♪ I 've got lots of friends in San Jose ♪ [ SHIVERING AND SOBBING ] ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ♪ [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] ♪ Oh , L.A. is a great big freeway ♪ ♪ Put a hundred down and buy a car ♪ ♪ in a week , maybe two They 'll make you a star ♪ ♪ Would you like some water ? No . I ... Would you like some water ? [ GASPING ] [ GROWLING ] What is that ? Progress . [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] SARAH : Presentation starts in five minutes . I can 't find it . Did you look under the desk ? Why would it be under the desk ? That 's where I found your Seaborg Medal . How hard can it be to find a 160-year-old pump handle ? Depends . ALAN : On what ? On who 's doing the finding . Where did you ... ? Where you left it . You 're a lifesaver . So I 've been told . In 1854 , London experienced a terrible cholera outbreak . Local doctors attributed the epidemic to " miasma " or bad air and they responded to it by burning incense and promoting the sale of fragrant flowers . [ STUDENTS LAUGH ] Not , as you might imagine , terribly helpful to the 600 or so who died of the disease . But a doctor and a clergyman mapped out the victims and this was the very first epidemiological study . What they found was a cluster of cases around Broad Street , where there was a city water pump . Defying the local authorities , they did the unthinkable . They took off the handle . [ ALL LAUGH ] And the outbreak came to an end , but the lesson lives on . And so , unfortunately , does cholera . [ STUDENTS WHISPER ] [ STUDENTS GASP ] When a surgeon fumbles , a patient dies . When we drop the ball , thousands die . As new CDC field officers , you are about to embark on a mission to the far corners of the earth . And you will witness horrors others cannot imagine . Horrors that make cholera seem tame . You will make sacrifices that others find unthinkable . And your family and your friends will sacrifice right along with you . And you will do all of this because you cannot fathom living any other life . This is no game . The stakes are very real . That 's just Scotch in there , by the way , single malt . In fact , toss it back . [ STUDENTS LAUGHING ] Good luck to you all . MAN : Thank you , sir . [ STUDENTS MURMURING ] [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] BALLESEROS : Last night , a military listening post received a distress call from a private research base owned by Arctic Biosystems . Tsk . Big Pharma . Just read about them . The call denoted a possible retroviral outbreak . Two people dead that we know of and a third person already infected . I 'm sorry , who are you again ? Major Balleseros , USAMRIID by way of the Army Corps of Engineers . I 'm to escort you and your rapid response team , including Dr. Walker , up to the base to determine whether it is a retrovirus . Now , given that the Army fielded the distress call , we 'll share jurisdiction with the CDC . Looks like there 's no jurisdiction at all . If the base is above the 83rd parallel , it 's international territory . We have no authority there . Arctic Biosystems is granting us access , for now . How kind of them . This is all fine , but why me ? There are six other senior scientists at the CDC who can run point on this , including Dr. Walker . BALLESEROS : The distress call specifically asked for Dr. Walker . She thought it best that we include you . Uh , I 'm , I 'm still not following . The third infected patient is Peter . Who 's Peter ? My brother . [ WIND HOWLING ] Our primary goal is to identify this pathogen . Sarah , you 'll be with me and Peter on the deceased to establish the extent of the illness . Julia will determine the cause . Doreen , swab every inch of Peter 's lab test every animal for the source of the illness . How about you , G.l. Joe ? What is it that you do exactly ? I 'm a systems engineer . I 'll analyze the infrastructure . Air , water , waste treatment . Looking for ways the virus might have spread through pipes or vents . So you 're a glorified plumber . Only if you 're a glorified veterinarian . Look , we have no idea what this thing is , so we treat it like a hot agent . BSL-4 protocol , full suits and decontamination showers for every potential exposure . That could eat up time . ALAN : Better safe than sorry . Says the man who spent the night in a hut full of Ebola victims . That 's his ex-wife ? Yep . Not what I expected . She 's smarter than you . Doubtful . Better in the lab too . Highly doubtful . He never talks about her or his brother . That 's probably because he caught her and his brother in bed together . Don 't worry , they 're professionals . They 'll make it work . Why would I be worried ? Because I see the way you look at him . [ DOREEN SIGHS ] This is gonna be the most frakked-up family reunion ever . MAN [ ON RADIO ] : Raptor 47 to Arctic Biosystems , come in . PILOT [ ON RADIO ] : Raptor 47 , loud and clear . We 're making our fine ! approach . Clear for landing ? DANIEL : Daniel Aerov , head of security . Sorry we don 't have the red carpet . We 're not used to visitors . ALAN : We 're not used to red carpets . DANIEL : This is Dr. Hiroshi Hatake , director of research . Alan Farragut , CDC . Peter 's brother , of course . JULIA : We 've come a long way for Peter . When can we see him ? HATAKE : He 's been transferred to our isolation facility . I 'm afraid the news isn 't good . He 's been in and out of consciousness for the last eight hours . And the rest of your people ? Are you implementing hard or soft quarantine ? Neither . You haven 't locked down the base ? Allow me to explain ... ALAN : You have three victims of an unknown pathogen . And only three , who all worked in the same lab . There have been no other infections . Since we are not seeing a base-wide outbreak , we are fairly certain it 's not airborne . Well , at least you 're fairly certain . Hey , that 's our ride . DANIEL : They can 't stay here . The temperature can drop to minus 70 . Turns jet fuel to jelly . We can 't risk leaving before we have full containment . CDC protocol . Just made me feel better , knowing they 're out there . Camp Eisenhower 's only 200 miles away . They can be back here in no time . Please stick out your left hand . RFID marker injected under the skin . We all have them . Yours will give you unrestricted access to the base . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Main elevator security access granted . [ ELEVATOR DOOR BUZZES ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Level B. [ POP MUSIC PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS ] Sweet Mother Mary Matthew . How many people work here ? A hundred six scientists from 35 countries , 15 support staff . That 's a lot of potential patients . Let 's focus on what we know . I 'll need to see the records of the infected , their professional and medical histories , their living quarters and any areas they frequented . And I want access to their lab animals and research materials . I 'll need to start tracking down anyone they 've been in contact with , for the past 48 hours . Understood . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Level E. Now I wanna see my brother . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Level F. [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] I haven 't talked to Peter in a long time . How long ? That night ? I went home and packed a bag , caught the next flight to La Paz . You always did have issues with impulse control . I 'm worried . It 's all right . We 're here , we 'll do what we can for him . He 's not the one I 'm worried about . [ MONITOR BEEPING ] ALAN : His vitals are all over the place . He probably won 't make it through the night . Peter , I 'm going to ask you some questions . If you can 't speak , try to nod yes or no . Do you have a T1 link here ? DANIEL : No . That 's too bad . It 's gonna take forever to upload this data back to Atlanta . We don 't have a T1 because it 's obsolete . It 's a synchronous optical network , 10 gigs a second . It has to be fast because we only get the satellite an hour each day . [ PANTING ] You seem to know a lot about medicine and technology for a head of security . Dr. Hatake taught me everything I know . Where did you two meet ? An orphanage in Barrow . He adopted me . I 've been with him as long as I can remember . ALAN : Peter , it 's me , Alan . Dr. Farragut , do you know where you are ? Do you know what happened to you ? Yes . The white room . ALAN : Peter . Peter , look into my eyes . Look into my eyes . Can you do that ? Look into my ... That 's it . Peter , it 's me . It 's Alan . JULIA : Alan , the blood . It 's black . [ PETER YELLING ] [ MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY ] [ BOTH GRUNTING ] I need a security team to quarantine now . You lie . You all lie . Everyone lies ! Everyone ! Everyone lies ! [ GRUNTING ] [ GASPING ] [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] [ JULIA AND ALAN PANTING ] [ SIGHS ] [ WIND HOWLING ] How long had Peter been assigned to this lab ? The last six months . Working on ... ? DANIEL : I 'm afraid that 's over my pay grade . You 'd have to ask Dr. Hatake . BALLESEROS : You expect us to help you , but you won 't tell us what you 're working on ? We check that weekly . Good for you . [ CLICKING TONGUE ] Aren 't you a big girl ... or boy ? [ RAT SQUEAKING ] They have no sex organs . We 've designed a way to inhibit the signaling pathway responsible for genitalia . Makes control easier . Got an ex-husband I wouldn 't mind trying that on . Where are the monkeys ? We don 't have any monkeys . You 're kidding , right ? With the kind of work you 're doing here ? No monkeys means no monkeys . These are the other two victims that were found with Peter . You ready ? Yeah . Open the bag . ALAN : What the hell ? [ RETCHES ] [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] [ DOOR OPENS ] That won 't happen again . You have my word . No , Sarah , it 's okay . I 've been around some nasty hot agents , but never seen anything like that . No one has seen anything like this . You still thinking retrovirus ? Looks more like some kind of hemorrhagic fever . Blood loss is consistent with Ebola or Marburg , but this kind of tissue degradation ... This thing doesn 't kill , it annihilates . JULIA : So how is Peter still alive ? First things first . Where 's Doreen ? With Balleseros , swabbing down Peter 's lab . Good . Get started on the assays , Sarah . I need to see this thing to beat it . SARAH : I 'm on it . Jules , talk to Hatake . Find out what our victims were working on . We need to find the causation of this . [ DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES ] You should be in there with Peter . Whatever time he 's got left ... He wouldn 't want me sitting around watching him die . What are you gonna do ? Yep , just as I thought . Hey , what are you doing ? [ SIGHS ] These live rats in the PRC test confirm conclusively that Hatake 's right . It isn 't airborne . That 's good news . DOREEN : Yep , except I 'm no closer to the source and I still have no idea on the mode of transmission . I hate rats . I don 't . My dad was a master sergeant . Moved us around a lot . Rats are easy to travel . You do this a lot in the service ? Take apart drains and toilets looking for viruses ? I spent my first tour in Iraq , searching for WMDs . See any action ? Rarely left the base . Sounds dangerous . Bet you got some pretty nasty paper cuts . The last few years I spent harassing the cartels in South America . Must have been shaking in their boots . Ever actually fire a gun ? Not since boot camp . Hey , let me see that . What is it ? M. mulatta . Unless I miss my guess , this is from a rhesus macaque . So they have monkeys . What 's the big deal ? That they lied about it . Monkeys are one of the main agents of zoonotic transfer . That 's passing a virus from animal to human or vice versa . So , what didn 't they want us to find out ? JULIA : Dr. Hatake ? Dr. Hatake ? [ DOOR OPENS ] Unbelievable . HATAKE : The Arctic has a timeless quality . Don 't you agree ? Makes it a little tough on the commute , though . We get more accomplished without the distraction of the outside world . Like interference from regulatory agencies ? I need to know everything about Peter 's last few days . What he was working on ... I thought you might . What 's all this ? Peter 's research . There are 20 more boxes in his lab . That 's gonna take me days to sort through . Can you tell me what he was working on ? Mutagens , mostly . For speeding up mutations . Those are dangerous . You wouldn 't want to let your children play with them . Do you have children ? No , I don 't . Can you think of a correlation between his research and the infectious agent ? No . I 'm sorry . [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Shift one , report . Shift one , report . Shift one , report . [ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ] Alan , tissues samples are ... Um , I didn 't mean to interrupt . No , it 's okay . Entry 224 . Got in some UV therapy this morning . Ran three miles on the treadmill . Ifs getting harder to tell day from night , but I guess that doesn 't matter . I 'm still seeing T. She is terrific . But Fm starting to wonder whether I 'm truly meant for relationships . Ifs not that I 'm bad at them . It 's more like , well , they 're bad for me . Heh . More than anything , I am excited about being up here . I ... I understand certain things now . ... up here . I ... I understand certain things now . What is it ? Look at his hand . We used to do that , nights when our father came home drunk or angry , which was most nights . What does it mean ? Run like hell . You need to come to isolation now . It 's Peter . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamination . Contamina ... How could you leave him in there with the saw ? I was a little busy trying ... Too busy to follow BSL-4 safety protocol ? You 're both missing the point . How 'd he get out ? He was terminally ill . Now he 's ripping out of restraints ? We sealed off the entire floor . Deactivated Peter 's RFID chip . He 's trapped . But we need to get him out of there . DANIEL : We 'll flood the ducts with halothane gas . It 'll knock him out for hours . Once the gas clears , we 'll retrieve his body . Look , Peter is our best chance to understand how this pathogen works . He may have antibodies which have allowed him to fend off the infection . We need him alive . I 'm sorry , but I have the lives of 120 others to consider . No one is safe from the virus until we have contained him . [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Security teams , confirm level lockdown . Once the gas clears , I 'll take a security team and we 'll bring him back to isolation . [ SYSTEM BEEPING ] [ GAS VALVES OPENING ] If you 're going up there , I 'm going too . I can 't allow that . It 's too dangerous . If there 's any chance Peter 's alive , I need to be up there . HATAKE : As you wish . [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] We 've been at this for over an hour and still no monkeys . If Hatake is granting us unrestricted access to the base , why don 't we just confront him ? Yeah , right . I doubt we 'd get a straight answer . Besides , this is way more fun . AUTOMATED VOICE : Access denied . Access denied . Access denied . So much for unrestricted access . You got any bright ideas ? [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] Liquid nitrogen . Freezing rearranges the tensile strength . [ METAL SHATTERS ] Huh . MAN 1 [ OVER RADIO ] : Northwest A , clear . MAN 2 [ OVER RADIO ] : Section Northwest B , clear . MAN 3 [ OVER RADIO ] : Southwest B , we ' re clear . DANIEL [ OVER RADIO ] : Dr. Farragut , we need you to check in . Dr. Farragut ... ALAN : Are you sure my brother 's up here ? DANIEL [ OVER RADIO ] : We sealed the vents in this sector , and that concentration of gas should have knocked him out . [ GASPING ] Jeez . DOREEN : What the hell happened here ? [ GASPING ] What 's that smell ? DOREEN : That is monkey . The only creatures that smell worse are humans . BALLESEROS : There must 've been a hundred of them . Where did they all go ? DOREEN : I don 't know , but someone busted off this cage door . From the inside . I 've got something here . Uh , black mucus . Southwest , uh ... Yeah , Southwest C. He was definitely here . [ CAGE RATTLES ] BALLESEROS : What was that ? [ FOOTSTEPS PATTERING ] ALAN : Peter . Peter . [ CHATTERING ] [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] [ MON KEY CHATTERING ] He 's smart . Way too smart . [ CHATTERING ] There you are , handsome boy . Come on out . Peter . Come on . [ MONKEY SHRIEKS AND DOREEN SCREAMS ] He 's here . Peter 's here . DANIEL [ OVER RADIO ] : Wait for backup . [ DOREEN SCREAMING THEN GASPS ] [ BOTH PANTING ] Are you okay ? Am I cut ? Do you see any breaks on the skin ? I don 't think so . Be sure . It 's important . You 're okay . [ MONKEY MOANING ] [ SIGHS ] [ MONKEY GURGLING ] He 's here . Peter 's here . It 's not him . It 's ... It 's not Peter . Oh , my God . DANIEL : He was on one of my security teams . Joseph Kneizeh , 31 years old , Talkeeina , Alaska . He was attacked and dismembered . ALAN : This doesn 't make sense . The question is why ? Why did Peter attack this man ? Why cut off his hand ? And why is the pathogen making him stronger ? I wanna seal off this part of the base . All nonessential personnel , keep them in dedicated safe rooms . Nobody travels unless they travel with a partner , at least until we can recapture Peter . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Attention , Code 830 , Level G , Oncology . Anything from the first set of cultures ? Cells are heavily damaged , or else totally deformed . It 's like Armageddon down there . But no sign of a virus ? I screened for all current viral structures . Filaments , polygons , cylinders , spheres . Even icosahedrons . [ SIGHS ] What if it 's not current ? A couple of MIT scientists discovered evidence of ancient viruses in the Greenland ice cores . They found these obsolete structures dating back 140,000 years . Gotta hand it to Alan . He 's got an eye for the smart ones . It 's not like that . Not like what ? Alan is a great mentor , but there 's nothing going on . I would have said the exact same thing . Only that was eight years ago . Look at that . What ? What is it ? Right there . SARAH : That 's only 15 nanometers . There 's no virus that small . No current virus . I need you to finish this . Where are you going ? To find Alan . He needs to see this now . [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] [ DEVICE BEEPING ] SARAH [ OVER SPEAKER ] : We weren 't even sure what we were looking for until Julia ... Dr. Walker started checking for paleoneurological structures . It 's some form of spherical capsid , but unlike anything we 've ever seen before . It 's not naturally occurring . At least not in this century . Here it is blown up to 100,000 XP . Here 's 500,000 . How was your walk in the snow ? Fine , thanks . A bit colder here than you 're used to . Doesn 't bother me . I 'm adaptable . You know what they say about those who fail to adapt . The delivery will be on schedule . BALLESEROS : The schedule changed when the CDC showed up . HATAKE : I had nothing to do with that . Either way , the people you and I work for aren 't happy , and now I have to clean up your mess . ALAN : Hello , what the hell is that ? SARAH : Wait , there 's more . My God . We thought it was just replicating , but there 's something else . This mutation only occurs in a fraction of the samples . It 's minimal , but it 's statistically relevant . Which could explain why Peter is still alive and the others died . But what 's it doing to him ? JULIA : For lack of a better term , it 's changing him . Into what ? [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ♪ ♪ We been away so long I may go wrong and lose my way ♪ ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ♪ ♪ Fm going back to find Some peace of mind in San Jose ♪ ♪ L.A. is a great big freeway Put a hundred down and buy a car I ♪ in a week , maybe two They 'll make you a star ♪ ♪ Weeks tum into years How quick they pass ♪ ♪ And all the stars that never were Are parking cars and pumping gas ♪ ♪ You can really breathe in San Jose ♪ ♪ They 've got a lot of space There " be a place where I can stay ♪ ♪ I was born and raised in San Jose ♪ ♪ Fm going back to find Some peace of mind in San Jose ♪ [ WOMAN SCREAMS ] ♪ It can pull you far away from home ♪ ♪ With a dream in your heart You 're never alone ♪ ♪ [ ♪ ♪ ♪ ] Ripped By mstoll
