 Stop ! Stop ! Access granted . Alan . No , don 't get up . You need to rest . I 'm fine . You had a spinal tap . All right ? You had more than a sample 's worth of cerebrospinal fluid taken out of you . Your body needs to replenish itself . Well , when you put it that way ... Heh . How is Sarah ? Did you do an MRI ? Yeah , and it 's ... It 's incredible . Her tumor is shrinking . So it worked ? I thought you 'd be thrilled . I am . It 's just , given the circumstances , I hope we did the right thing . It was a quick call , but it was the right one . I can 't explain the science behind your transformation yet , but what you did for this girl ... I wanna do for everyone who 's infected . You cannot give everybody a CSF infusion . It 'll kill you . The genetic study Sarah was doing before she crashed , my cells are going to be the key to finally taking down this disease . We can save these people , Alan . All right . But we need to work smart and fast . This ilaria problem will not go away , and I have no idea how much time we have left . Set up a temp lab in here . Go . I 'll keep an eye on Sarah . Everything all right ? I 'm afraid not . We have a serious problem . Medical emergency ? Is someone hurt ? Worse than that , I 'm afraid . People are disappearing . Dr. Kato went out to look for some food . We warned her not to go alone , but she wouldn 't listen . That rat didn 't crawl in there by itself . What ? The vectors are back . We haven 't had a vector attack in two days . Yeah . They 're using bait , setting traps now . They know food is scarce and people are desperate . How ? Viruses are not capable of complex thought . Speaking off the cuff , I think these vectors represent a new step in evolutionary virology . You make it sound like it 's a good thing . Far from it . This is an evolved virus that both changes the host and stays active until that host dies of other causes . It 's created a new kind of organism , a viral collective . They were dangerous before . What chance do we have now that they 've evolved ? Right now , the vectors are hunting us one by one . Very soon , I believe they 'll stage a large-scale coordinated assault . They will have to wait in line . Ilaria ? I intercepted a message from headquarters on Sutton 's phone . How many ? A strike team of at least 100 mercenaries , well-armed . That 's not a strike team , it 's an army . How long do we have ? Six hours at most . They will storm the base looking for the virus , and leave nothing behind . But we don 't even have the virus . We destroyed it back at Echelon . Mortal life means nothing to them . Oh , as opposed to those of you who can live forever ? I know this is difficult for someone with a finite number of years . I don 't know what 's worse . That you can stand there lying to my face , or that you actually believe what you 're saying . Did you get a head count ? Uninfected personnel , about 20 . Plus five security techs . And we 're not exactly well-stocked with guns or ammunition . If we don 't act now , we risk full contamination . We need to gather those survivors and place them under armed guard in the sunroom . No air ducts , one point of access . It 's the only way to defend against a coordinated vector assault . That only solves one of our problems . How are we supposed to muster a defense against ilaria 's force ? Defense is not the plan . I have placed explosives around the base . You have explosives ? To detonate unstable ice . His grand plan ? We draw ilaria mercenaries inside , then set off the charges , implode the entire base on top of them . But what about my team ? What about the other uninfected scientists ? Vectors ? Gather the uninfected , as you suggested . As for the vectors , we are out of options . You still haven 't answered my question . What about the rest of us ? We 'll have to evacuate the base . No . There is a hidden bunker underneath the base . Reinforced for earthquakes . We will be safe there . What bunker ? We lost three people just this morning . Doctors Kato , Wenk and Singer . Vectors are in the ducts , in the elevator shafts , everywhere . Listen , the only way a vector can get into this room is through that door . Peter came in through that very same door . Not with armed security posted , he didn 't . Isn 't it the arm of security that got him inside ? Philippe . Philippe , listen to me . All right . I think we got a message out calling for help . All right ? You 're the only other person who knows about this , so you help me hold it together here , and we may just get out of this alive . All right , Alan . You 've entrusted me with the safety of this base . Why would you keep this bunker from me ? There are things I thought would never come to light . You 're only telling me now because you have to . I should have told you . Even if we survive the blast , how do we dig ourselves out afterward ? There is an escape tunnel that leads directly to the surface . An escape tunnel ? For all the earthquakes , right ? Daniel , I ... I mean , Miksa . The world is closing in on us . You mean on you . The vectors are hunting us from within , ilaria from without . I cannot do this without you . I 'm giving the highest-caliber weapons to my security team . The rest we can store in this bunker of yours , in case there are any mercenaries left when we reach the surface . Let 's hope it does not come to that . I remember when you first brought me here . Taught me how to load a weapon . I was 5 or 6 . Back then I used to think you were some kind of wizard . All children must learn their parents are fallible , not perfect . You made that part easy for me . You may loathe what I 've done , or what you believe I 've done , but you are still my son . Am I ? Your feelings for me do nothing to diminish mine for you . Alan , take a look at this . So the double-stranded RNA instructions delivered to all my cells makes them express an all-purpose grappling hook . Which attach to any invader . Marking that invader for destruction by my immune system . If we can isolate the genetic sequence of instructions to express that protein on your cells ... We can insert the instructions and reprogram the Narvik virus to destroy itself . We don 't have the Narvik virus . We incinerated it at Echelon . Oh , goddamn it , Jules . It was my call all the way . This wasn 't your call to make . I had a theory . A theory that could get us all killed , not to mention the 7 billion other people on the planet . Do you have any idea what you 've done ? I know better than anyone what this can do . I know it 's the only way we can help those people . How could you be so reckless ? You 're no better than Hatake ! I guess I 'm my father 's daughter . Jules ... I know I 'm right about this . We can save everyone . We can get Peter back . If I 'm wrong , I 'll march downstairs and incinerate every last drop . No . Not alone you won 't . Oh , my God . Bunker will barely fit all of us . Bunker ? These are living quarters . How long has all this been here ? From the beginning . Designed to be the safest place on the base . Why ? Why did you build n ? Before I adopted you , there was another . Another son ? A daughter . She was not like you , not born on the ice . So you built this place for your daughter ? Her mother thought she would need a place to call home , to make her comfortable . I did what was necessary . To fool her ? To make her think that she was somewhere else ? To keep my family together . I thought I was your family . You are . What was doesn 't change what is . And where are they now ? Your wife and daughter ? Where did they go ? My daughter is here now . Julia Walker . Walker ? All of this , everything that happened , was all for her ? To bring her back here ? The CDC , Peter Farragut . All those people , infected , dying , dead ? It was all for her ? She is important . I need her . You don 't need anybody . We 're all just an experiment to you . Life is an experiment . You know what I 'm gonna do , Father ? I 'm gonna walk this base , and I 'm gonna check every goddamn explosive charge , because I personally wanna make sure that this place gets blown to hell . I did the computer models of double-stranded RNA proteins , but I can 't get it to work in vitro . Well , if you guys unhook me from this , I can help you . Yesterday , you were as good as dead . Let 's make sure you 're not going to regress before ... But I feel great . Sarah , we have it covered . Do you ? Computer models are only most effective in controlled environments , and this situation is anything but controlled . Okay . What do you have in mind ? In a fair fight , Narvik will mutate to repel anything , right ? So , what we need is an unfair advantage . We have to trust that our treatment will work fast enough . No , wait , that 's it . There is no treatment that 's fast enough , so we need to slow down the virus for the cure to take effect . And we can do that by infusing it with cryo-fluid . Did you just come up with that ? Actually , when my feel hit the cold ground . Now , where are my clothes ? I wanna get back to work . Fire hazard . ♪ The sun is out ♪ ♪ The sky is blue ♪ ♪ There 's not a cloud To spoil the view ♪ ♪ But it 's raining ♪ ♪ Raining in my heart ♪ ♪ The weatherman ♪ ♪ Says clear today ♪ ♪ He doesn 't know You 've gone away ♪ ♪ And ifs raining ♪ ♪ We need to seal off the sunroom and track down Duchamp and the others . There is no more time . The vectors really did this ? The intelligence , the coordination ... Are we the only ones left ? I 've got four techs not infected yet . This was their plan all along . The traps , the bait . The vectors wanted us to gather the uninfected in one place . We gave them everything they wanted . We cannot afford to look back . We should commence the evac sequence . No , no , there is still time . Our only hope is to retreat to the bunker and wait , then eliminate both threats with one blast . So everyone else dies ? We have done all we can . No . We 've finally cracked the antiviral . And until ilaria get here , we 're going to help everyone we can , including vectors . You need to ask yourself , are they worth saving ? Interesting question considering the source . The have murdered and maimed , stolen the lives of others . These are people , human beings . Really ? Your brother paid me a visit yesterday . Only now do I understand why . It was a warning . He knew what they were going to do . I should have put Peter down when I had the chance . You ... Enough ! That 's enough ! In the last 11 days , I have been attacked , infected , left for dead , and crated like an animal . Not to mention being transformed from the inside out . I 'm not gonna stand here and watch my father and my ex-husband behave like two schoolyard bullies . Your father ? What-f ? The vectors are working together . If we cant manage that , maybe we don 't deserve to survive . The infection is similar to rabies . Normally , we 'd treat it by coating the lymphatic tissue . With an oral vaccine , of course . Do you just expect them to line up and say " ah " ? No , we do it old-school . Bypass the mouth entirely by way of an intramuscular injection into the stomach . Abdominal absorption works slowly . Not if you 've bonded the right protein accelerants . It won 't be immediate , but it should work quickly . It better . We know that extreme cold slows the virus , and likewise the vectors . Dr. Jordan had the idea of infusing the cure into a low-temperature solution , giving the antiviral time to outperform the virus . And how do you plan to get close enough to inject the vectors ? We 've done it before . We 'll shut off the power , chill the base to below freezing . If we cut the main power supply , the perimeter alert system will go dark . We can 't be blind with ilaria a couple hours out . Then the cure must be administered one vector at a time . It 's too bad we can 't just wheel these out and douse them all with cryo-fluid . Maybe we can . It 's called ARCA . Indonesian for statue . It 's a ... It 's a prototype to spread topical antidotes for chemical attacks . ARCA can harness most compounds at any temperature . All you need to do is adjust the settings . I was not aware of this research . What lab did this come from ? No lab . It was just an idea I had . You created this ARCA ? One man 's scraps ... What the base discarded , I repurposed . How did I not know ? You had more important things to do . So who 's gonna do the honors ? Julia and I will go . When ilaria arrives , you must lead the survivors to the bunker , then detonate the charges . Now . Please . I think it 's working . It is because of you that this is possible . Oh , no , this is not father-daughter bonding time . I thought we were immune to attack . We are . But now they see one of their own in danger . Hey . Hey . We need to get patients stabilized before we take them downstairs . I started grouping according to condition . Most serious cases go first . Great . You okay ? Sarah ? It 's just a headache . No , look at me . Follow my finger . Alan , do you think this is a reoccurrence of my tumor ? No , I 've seen your scans , and your tumor appears to be in remission . But I am concerned . Don 't worry . We 'll figure this out together . Okay ? Okay , Hey . Shh . It 's okay . You don 't need to say anything . Why ... ? Because you need rest . Why me ? I don 't deserve ... You were there , I had the cure . Good timing , I guess . Peter 's resting . We need to talk . Okay . It 's about Sarah . What about Sarah ? She 's having recurring symptoms . Um , nausea , headaches . You think she 's relapsing ? I don 't know . Once we get down to the cabin , we won 't have access to the right equipment . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . This is it. ilaria is here . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Start getting people to the cabin , now . Okay . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . Perimeter breach . The alarm was tripped a mile from the base entrance . Is that enough time to get downstairs ? We can use firepower to buy us a little more time . I see something . Headlights . How many ? They are here . Wait until they get closer . We don 't wanna waste any ammo . Steady . Steady . Almost there . Now hold . Hold ... and ... ! Why have they stopped ? Perhaps they did not want to be heard . I 'm not seeing anyone . My guess is they 'll stick to the high ground , just north of the base , coordinate an attack from there . We should make our way around , come at them from the south . Approach downwind from their position . Where 'd the drivers go ? There never was a driver . These are drones . This is ... This is all wrong . No . Get down ! It was a diversion . A diversion from what ? As soon as Duchamp and his group get here , we 'll blow the base . My staff , the scientists . Almost all here . You don 't understand . We must detonate . Now . He 's here . Who 's here ? What do you mean ? The strike team ? No . There is just one . That diversion was for one guy ? They call him the Scythe . - He is ... - He 's what ? An assassin . The worst of us . The call must have gone through . Are you with the Army ? Come . We 're going down with the others . Finally , a good day . We 're being rescued and we have a cure for the virus . Level R. How long are we gonna wait ? As long as we have to . If they 're not down here by now , they 're not coming . Sarah , you okay ? Oh , this migraine , it 's killing me . It 's not a migraine . What 's wrong with me ? We can 't wait any longer . Do it . Access granted . Amateurs . The Narvik is gone . How ? Hiroshi has it . Find him . What about the others ? Exterminate . Ripped By mstoll
