 They shut off communications with us . They want to starve us out of here . Hatake and the CDC have abandoned us . There is no treatment , no cure . We are forced to take matters into our own hands . The CDC hasn 't abandoned us . They 'll be back as soon as they figure out how to help us . They are not coming back , they left us down here to die . Only we will not go down without a fight . On this level , there is a control node for the CO2 removal system . We can override it . Can 't they just filter in air from outside ? It 's 60 below out there and everything past the main entrance is sealed up like a spaceship to prevent contamination . But if we shut off the oxygen scrubbers , they run out of air upstairs in six hours max . So do we . Level R is much larger . Fewer people , bigger air pocket . Enough to outlast them if they want to , how do you say it , " play chicken " ? This is a terrible idea . We need to focus on re-establishing communication . This is communication . The base is full of hazardous materials and an even more hazardous infection . You 're endangering every single person ... Thank you for your input , Dr. Walker , but it 's time , I think , you found a new place to bunk . Do you even know if this was an accident or was it intentional ? I have my people investigating as we speak . That 's just great . And how do we control this outbreak without communication with the outside world ? You have access to the top minds and equipment in the world here . That sounds like you don 't plan to repair the satellite dish . It took a top-tier military contractor two months in scaffolds to put up that equipment . It doesn 't just get fixed . How long before somebody notices we 're dark ? We have periodic resupply drops . Am I the only one here alarmed by this ? We have people down on Level R , including one of my own , locked up with a week 's worth of supplies . You 're the one who wanted to seal that floor . Temporarily . When I thought we could call for reinforcements . If this is a long-term situation , we have to provide those people with some standard of care . I barely had the manpower to stop one of those vectors from infecting half the base . We can 't risk re-opening that floor . We are dealing with something we 've never seen before . So we just abandon the sick and the dying ? Yes . Shit . Dr. Jordan . Yes , um ... Dr. Van Eigem . You tested me yesterday . Can I come in ? Um ... Sure . How can I help you ? I don 't wanna go to Level R. You won 't , you tested negative . And you haven 't gotten any false results ? Any variances ? No , I designed the test myself . Are you sure ? Yes , of course . I mean ... are you really sure ? Hatake 's not budging . He intends to leave the infected downstairs with whatever food and supplies they can scrounge until there 's a treatment . Poor Julia . What happened to calling in reinforcements ? With the com-link down , we 're blacked out and dead to the world . He did say something about periodic resupply drops . He say how periodic they are ? No . Man 's playing his own game , and he isn 't sharing the playbook . You know that . We 're on our own . All we have going for us is our rapid response test to the virus . Sorry . I had to babysit a PSR assay . Yeah , and the dog ate my homework . Hey , we 're all feeling the pressure but we need to stay on point here . A lot of people in for a lot of suffering if we don 't step it up . Doreen , your progress on the source ? Strong possibility of zoonotic transfer . Only question is , was it a monkey to human or the other way around ? I need more than that . Okay . Sarah ? I 'm picking up Walker 's analysis of the Narvik samples . I have the DNA sequencers going 24 / 7 , and I 'm running multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplifications for all known virulence factors . Good . The sooner we have a viable treatment option , the sooner we get Julia back . Just remember that . I 'm gonna check on my brother . The morphine isn 't helping . I know the symptoms , Dr. Duchamp , he 's dying . We need to start the SODRA immediately . The SODRA treatment has never been tested on human beings , not once . That doesn 't mean it won 't work , it 's a universal antiviral . I wish we had time for testing , but we don 't . If it were your brother , wouldn 't you try everything you could ? Killing a human being with an untested treatment , it 's unconscionable . It 's up to next of kin to give informed consent when the patient has left no clear directives . Even in the case of a highly experimental treatment . I consent . Major Balleseros . I heard about your satellite dish , hell of a thing . Are you out of your mind ? I like to think I 'm bringing a little sanity to the proceedings . Keeping the word from getting out on this shit show is my imperative . I also have imperatives . I 've been waiting to hear what yours might be since I got here . Before the CDC or one of your scientists shares it with the rest of the world . My work here is protected , even from you . Not anymore . You made a virus that does everything other than what you advertised . You don 't have the intellectual capacity to evaluate my work . You want things to get easier ? Produce the results you promised our employers . Environmental alert . What 's going on ? Atmosphere sensor alert . Environmental alert . CO2 levels are rising . Environmental alert . Someone 's shut off the oxygen scrubbers . Ooh . Is that bad ? Environmental alert . Only if you like breathing . The control node is 30 meters from the old thermogenics lab . It was engineered with analog override switches for the oxygen scrubbers . System malfunction ? They used a hardwired code . My guess is they wanna force us down to Level R. It 's a blackmail play , to get us to negotiate . How much time ? Six hours before CO2 levels hit the redline . In two hours we can expect to start suffering headaches , nausea , vomiting ... All right . Let 's get some weapons and go negotiate . They 'll have an ambush ready . We 'd be taken hostage . Speak for yourself . What do we do ? We do nothing . I will handle this personally . Like you 've handled everything else ? I 'll take a security team downstairs . No security team , just you and me . You 're going ? It took many years to build this base . I won 't sit by while someone tries to destroy it . Open up . Just get it over with , am I infected ? Headache is a very general symptom . It 's not as if you 're hallucinating or experiencing labile emotions and uncontrollable anger . Not yet . Test says you 're clear . What about this ? It 's possible that it 's a psychosomatic response to stress . This is not in my head , don 't you get that ? You need to calm down . That 's easy for you to say . You 're not the one with a deadly disease . Don 't let them send me down there , please . If I go down there , I 'll never come back up . Hey , we 're not just sending people down there to die . I 'm sorry . That 's what you think . You don 't know Hatake . And you don 't know Dr. Farragut . He 's not gonna let anything happen to us . I hope I can trust you , Sarah . Breathe . Breathe , Peter . It 's okay . Peter , it 'll be okay . It 'll be okay . Something wrong with the dose regulator ? Is there anything I can tell you to make you stop ? No . Breathe . Breathe . - We out of air yet ? - I 'm still breathing . Did you get any results from that sample I gave you ? You want answers , I want answers , see how that works ? There 's no reason I shouldn 't be telling Alan what 's what . You want me to keep working on your little pet project ? Give me a reason . Maybe you haven 't noticed but there are people that don 't want what 's inside this base getting out . I haven 't had nearly enough sleep , coffee , or cigarettes to deal with any more of this Fox Mulder crap from you . Doreen . If you tell another living soul what I 'm about to say , I end up in a hurt locker . You mean as opposed to this paradise ? I 'm with a special investigative section in the Pentagon . I was sent as part of an internal inquiry for a black-bag research operation . Well , why didn 't you say so in the first place ? Don 't make me regret this . Okay . So your superiors think the virus is a weapon ? Weapons get rid of the enemy , this thing seems to make them even more dangerous . We have a hidden base conducting secret research outside the reach of government . No one knows the bigger picture . And you think you do ? I heard these germ docs over at Fort Detrick talking about using viruses to move DNA around . Gene delivery vehicles ? Yeah , that was it . What if this virus is acting like a freight train pulling some weird-ass DNA behind it ? Maybe you 're not as dumb as you look . I 'll run the virus through the gene sequencer . Try to remember that we are running out of air . You can take the gas mask off , the virus isn 't airborne . Are you experiencing any symptoms ? Nausea , fever , black mucus discharge ? I promise , I 'm not like him . If I start going crazy , you have my permission to beat me to death with that stick you stuck in the door . Right now , I 'd like to thank my rescuer . Please . I 'm keeping my gloves on . Fair enough . What 's your name ? Jaye . Just Jaye ? I 'm an MD , PhD , blah , blah , blah . Got an alphabet soup after my name if that makes any difference . It doesn 't . I 'm Julia Walker . I know who you are . You 're that CDC chick . I kind of like the sound of that . I hate to be a crappy houseguest but you got anything to eat or drink around here ? Look around . You just got the grand tour . You like it ? All in all , I 'd rather be in Montana . Hatake stashed MRE lockers in strategic locations . You know , in case shit ever hit the fan . Oh , I 'd say this qualifies . Yeah . Yeah . Two hours , thirty-six minutes , the first two infusions of the SODRA antiviral have been administered under the modified Duchamp protocols . Patient marginally stabilizing . Is this how you wanna go out ? The kid who had the balls to go through Dad 's pockets when he was passed out ? The kid who talked me down from a fifty-fifty to a 70-30 split and made it seem like he was doing me a favor ? I would not have survived if you hadn 't been there . What that man ... What that man did to us . I owe you this . And you owe me ... for that night . Environmental alert . Environmental alert . My head hurts . Do you have anything stronger ? I 've given you the highest dosage of NSAIDs I can . I 'm not worried about hurting my liver . Did you recheck your rapid response tests ? I did . There 's nothing wrong with it . You said you 'd step up the care packages . It 's not enough to Skype with me a couple times a week . Excuse me ? The silences , the pauses . Why don 't you just tell me her name and get it over with ? There 's tons of guys on this ice hole who 'd love to be with me . Who are you talking to ? My ex-boyfriend , if he doesn 't step up his game . Did you hear me ? Because I 'm not gonna wait around for you to figure it out . Don 't go . You 're hallucinating , which means that our test doesn 't work . I need to tell Alan . You can 't tell . I can 't keep you here , you 're sick . I 'm not the only one . How long have you known about your tumor ? I don 't have a tumor . Please . I 'm an oncologist . Slurring speech , tremors , prescription vial of Gabapentin . I haven 't told anyone . Doctor-patient privilege goes both ways . It 'll be our secret . How long does this usually take ? As long as it takes . You can 't rush these things . This is the real deal . Building blocks of life and all that . It 's hard to be patient listening to your crappy music . Please tell me that means something . Oh , yes . Say hello to my little friend . An RNA map of the virus should show us what 's under the hood . Weird . I 've never seen this combination before . Meaning ? Meaning someone designed this virus , and it sure as shit wasn 't Mother Nature . We 're looking at the hand of man here . Proteins specifically designed to bind the virus to specific cells so it can deliver its genetic message . What 's the message ? Can you tell what they designed it to do ? No . But I can find out . Hey , Sarah . How is he ? At least he has bottled oxygen , unlike the rest of us . You okay ? You feeling the CO2 yet ? No . Um ... I was going over the rapid response test . I was rechecking them and , um ... Alan ? Peter ? Peter , can you see me ? Of course I can see you . Who 's the pretty one ? Sarah . Sarah , this is my brother Peter . Sarah , you had something you wanted to tell me about the rapid response test ? It doesn 't work . What do you mean , it doesn 't work ? I was archiving the results and I found a flaw in the cell line cycling protocol . We can 't trust any of the results . Are there any infected on this floor ? No . No one 's reported in but we can 't trust that everyone downstairs is a positive . I 'm really sorry I let you down . And Walker . No . Don 't ... I made a mistake , there 's no excuse . Right , now you get to fix it . Have you isolated the flaw ? I 'm working on it . All right , work faster . Then find Hatake and tell him we need to implement a base-wide retesting protocol , then open Level R , all right ? The sooner this gets done , the sooner we can get those people out of there . Right . Security 's checking in . People are reporting headaches , fatigue , which are early signs of CO2 poisoning . We need to get down to Level R and handle this . What am I looking at ? Access granted . I don 't know quite how to say this , but things have gone downhill since you were infected . No shit ? Peter . I know you 're weak , but I have so many questions , about your work here , about this place . Seventy-thirty ? You 're not taking any of the risk . What ? Okay , all right , Sixty-forty , final offer . You never know what 's gonna come out of the old man 's pockets . Sixty-forty is just fine with me , buddy . Okay . You go hide , I 'll find you when it 's done . I will stay right here with you , if that 's okay . It 's dangerous . I know. it 's okay . It 's okay . Fleming 's Commander Jamaica rum . That was the old man 's poison . You 'd think a mean scumbag like him would be a bourbon drunk . You ever try that stuff ? He 's dead . Been gone a long time . He cant hurl us anymore . Something about being trapped in this place , I see that bastard around every corner . Snake eyes . Hey , let us in . Not so loud , Jaye . Shut the hell up . You 're gonna attract the vectors . - Then open the door . - We don 't have any room . Bullshit , let us in . Please . Shh . Do you hear that ? Let us in ! Shut up . Come on . How is he ? Well , he won 't talk about much of anything but our childhood . Delirium ? Uh , no . I mean , he 's in and out of it , but I don 't know , it 's hard to say . He just ... He 's stuck back there . Are these the viral load comparisons ? They were declining after the SODRA infusions took hold , but now ... This looks like the virus is coming back . With a vengeance . You knew we were taking a chance . I 'm sorry . But it was working . I mean , maybe we could be more aggressive . We 've already given him a larger dose than any of my studies . Any more could trigger a cascade of antiviral toxicity . There 's nothing we can do . How long does he have ? If you 've got anything to say to him ... take this time and make the most of it . Peter , we need to talk about ... The treatment we 're trying is Aw , hell , I know that tone . Highly experimental . Every time Mom turn a turn , you 'd have that sad-sack look on your face . How bad ? Jesus , don 't sugarcoat it . I 'm sorry . I have to ask some questions . There are things going on here that we can 't explain . And you think I can ? Some of it may have to do with your research . You were the genius in the family , and you couldn 't figure out that I 've been doing shit work up here ? What do you mean ? I thought Hatake recruited me to do next-gen stuff . This was gonna be my ticket to the show . Just tell me about the virus . Hatake had me doing animal necropsies for the other docs . I was never the alpha . The only part of my life Hatake seemed interested in was ... Julia . How did he know about her ? He 's got ears everywhere . I mean , he was the only one around here who ever wanted to talk . I drove you away , I owed you better . No , you know I 'm right . I could have been there , but I didn 't ... I didn 't wanna owe you anymore , not for Dad , not for anyone . Don 't do that . You were the one who stuck up for me . The one running interference with the old man . I envied you . That 's why I wasn 't there . From the moment she showed up ... That 's why the two of you ended up together . That night . Ll wasn 't just that night . It was before . Every once in a while , when we 'd travel to some conference . Even after you ended things , we knew we couldn 't stop seeing each other . That 's why I came up here . I couldn 't stay away . I went as far as I could . I 'm so sorry . He 's crashing ! Dr. Hatake ? Gabapentin . Gabapentin , come on , come on . Three hours after completion of SODRA protocol , patient experienced cardiac arrest , congruent with overwhelming viremic sepsis . This time with concomitant catastrophic decrease in brainwave activity . Patient has been fitted with a defib vest , is now intubated and on artificial respiration in a vegetative state . It 's unlikely that the patient will regain consciousness , or be able to maintain his own life without the ventilator . I can feel their hands on me , dragging me away . Please make them stop . Close your eyes , close your eyes . Doctor 's orders . Everything 's gonna be fine . I 'm not gonna let them take you , I promise . I knew I could trust you to protect me from them . Did Hell you or did I tell you ? There 's enough food here for weeks . Do you know what this means ? Mm . Cheese spread three meals a day ? Good thing you know your way around this base . Looks like I 'm not the only one . What is it ? It 's my initials , Julia Lynn Walker . Hell of a coincidence . No , it isn 't . It can 't be . Can 't be what ? It 's my writing . The way I wrote my name and the flower , evening primrose . It was my favorite when I was a girl . It grows in Montana . I have notebooks full of them . I did this . I 've been here before . Environmental alert . Environmental alert . Gentlemen . We need to have a talk . Put down the weapons , they won 't be necessary . Forgive us if we don 't agree . Depriving this base of oxygen is murder . What about locking us up with barely any supplies and no treatment ? It is only a temporary quarantine . Maybe you should stay down here with us . Then we 'll see your definition of " temporary . " You are right . I 'm not standing in your shoes . I had to make a hard choice . You 're playing with our lives . I 'm not . Your lives are worth no less than mine . You are lying . Why else would I come down here with only one man ? You could kill us both . If we fight , we die . Together , we survive . We have your word ? My word of honor . Thank you . They were about to give up . Why did you ... ? Why ? They gave up , but they did not surrender . They were willing to kill us . Maybe not today . They would not have stopped . We could have just locked them up . You shot an unarmed woman less than 36 hours ago . To protect you . I just returned the favor . Dispose of the bodies and go back upstairs . You 're not coming ? I have something to take care of . Dr. Walker ? Why take the risk ? I need you upstairs . As far as I can see , the genetic message inside the virus is a massive splice job . Real cutting-edge , from animal and human species . And here 's where it gets interesting . How is that interesting ? Because it 's completely unknown . Ran it against every genetic sequence known to man . This is a completely unidentified single strand . Why would anyone wanna put that inside of us ? I don 't have a clue , but it scares the crap out of me . There 's some trait that they want us to manifest , and this disease is a way to force it in . The people who designed this virus wanna change us from the inside out . I mean , I may not be perfect , but I like what I am . I like you too , Doreen . Well , we 're not infected yet . We 'll take this to Alan , get to the bottom of it , slop whoever 's doing this before they cause any real damage . Hey , what 's wrong ? Heh . This was your idea to begin with . You were right . I know . Sorry , Doreen . I 'm so sorry . Ripped By mstoll
