 The two hottest guys ever walk into that bar , And they want to hang out with us . But , no , someone has to go back to the dorm . Yeah , well , excuse me if I don 't want to slut it up . Excuse me if I do . [ laughs ] Oh , look at those eyes . He smokes . So ? So , yuck . He better call me , or I 'm gonna kill you . [ giggles ] [ switch clicking ] Hmm . Power must be out . Do you smell cigarette smoke ? [ gasps ] aah ! No . No ! Don 't make a sound . [ muffled screaming ] Man : Hopes of securing an extension Of unemployment benefits for 1.3 million ... Good morning . I got to get out of here . The speaker called . He wants a quick meet before committee . Man : ... Although there is still a chance That the program will resume , The earliest that congress will revisit the legislation Is at the end of next January . Thank you . [ computer chimes ] What 's that ? No idea . Young woman : [ gasps ] [ whimpering ] Thomas , what is this ? [ power saw whirring ] Oh , dear god . [ cries ] [ crying ] [ indistinct conversations ] Lillian , weatherly 's here . I know . He 's with - - I know who he 's with . [ clears throat ] gentlemen . I cued the video for you . I 'm told you have a sensitive situation . Is there any other kind ? Late night . Kennedy center . Yo-yo ma . Saudi royals . I heard you brought a video . [ power saw whirring ] [ young women screaming ] She 's a college student at the university of arizona . Man : The girl on the left is mackenzie bradshaw , Daughter of tom bradshaw , senior senator from arizona , Chairman of the foreign-relations committee . The satellite is the geo-9 That we 're selling to mexico , right ? Is counting on it to provide border security , If the senate foreign-relations committee votes " yea . " That vote is the day after tomorrow . So , someone is blackmailing a u.S. Senator To keep the satellite deal from going through . Not just any someone - - hector villareal . He 's the head of the biggest drug cartel in mexico . He stands to lose hundreds of millions If the satellite deal goes through . And why target bradshaw ? Bradshaw chairs the committee . He can withdraw the proposal . If you want the satellite to go away , Bradshaw 's the one you go after . So , why bring this to cybercom ? The senator didn 't bring it to cybercom . He didn 't bring it to anyone . The senator and his wife watched the video together , And afterwards , he went to the capitol building As if nothing had happened . They don 't know that you have the video . Mnh-mnh . [ clears throat ] would you care to explain Why it is that you 're in possession of it ? No , I wouldn 't . What exactly is your job these days ? Friend of the court . Look , this thing has to be done right , rooster , Without grandstanding , without politics . I 'll wait in the hall . I told you to never call me that . I am the director of u.S. Cyber command , And you 'll afford me the respect I deserve . If I didn 't respect you , would I be here ? You are so damn relentless . Do you know that ? You get that from me , I guess . Lillian , if it goes public That the daughter of a u.S. Senator Was snatched by a mexican drug cartel [ sighs ] you 've already cleared this with the president , haven 't you ? The president recommended clockwork . Lillian , we have to find these girls . Okay . Lillian : One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation That allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind And then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . We created a highly specialized unit around him ... Amos : Satellite in five . ... And assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - The next evolution of intelligence . Hector villareal is on the u.N. ' s most wanted list And yet has remained virtually untouchable . The new mexican president And his relationship to our president Is changing that , and hector is worried . Chris : Son of a shop owner in san miguel de allende , Hector sits on a multi-billion-dollar High-tech drug empire . His network uses everything From mules to submarines to ship his product . So , why kidnap the daughter of a u.S. Senator ? In less than 48 hours , senator bradshaw 's committee Will vote to recommend the sale Of the geo-9 satellite system to mexico . Bradshaw could kill the sale if he wanted to . Our military believes that this satellite It could cripple the illegal-narcotics trade . Apparently , hector agrees . If bradshaw won 't withdraw the proposal , Can 't the president just postpone the vote ? Better yet , why not send in a special-forces unit ? Well , the first option would result in hector Killing the girls . Without knowing where he 's holding them - - And also risks their lives . Who 's sitting with the senator on this ? Fbi ? The senator doesn 't even know that we 're on problem . And their biggest problems were boys and midterms . Now it 's hector villareal . Now hector 's about to meet his biggest problem . Start in arizona . See what you can learn at the scene . Let 's find those girls and show the cartel what happens When you cross our border and harm our kids . On our way . What 's with big ben ? Like it ? Accurate to the hundredth of a second . Four seconds slow . I chipped the maritime clock . Show-off . [ sighs ] getting nostalgic ? If I knew I 'd have a chip in my brain , I could have avoided all that studying . [ chuckling ] I 'm sure there was a lot of studying . 3.8 gpa plus three sports Didn 't leave a lot of time to eat . Mm-hmm . I guess there 's always room for dessert . It 's eerie being the first on scene . If the senator reported it , it would be all over the news . We 've got maybe 24 hours before their dorm mates Notice they 're missing . Let 's see if they left something . Gabriel . Belongs to samantha royce . I 'm in her instagram account . Photo taken 15 minutes before witnesses said The girls left the bar . Shows samantha with a guy . Can we find out who ? His passport was recorded by customs this morning As it crossed the border into san jerónimo , mexico . He was driving a truck . What are the odds Samantha and mackenzie were hidden on that truck ? [ man shouting indistinctly ] ¿ habla inglés ? Woman : Sí , yes . We 're looking for your son - - carlos . I haven 't seen him in many days . Señora reyes , we 're trying to help your son . Carlos is a good boy . We don 't want to make any more trouble for you . What trouble could you cause more - - More than the trouble that they can ? Um ... This is my cellphone number . I want you to have carlos call me . I told you I have not seen him . Just in case . If you help us , we can protect you . We can give you asylum in the United States . Please , I - - I would like you both to leave now . I got a cell number off her phone bill . Can you chip the phone ? I did . Which means I can 't trace it until they make a call . We 've got eyes on us . [ both speaking spanish ] Hector : You didn 't touch these girls , right ? No , jefe . Is he lying to me ? No . These girls don 't need a gag . Do you ? No . Good . Hopefully your father is as smart as you . Please help my friend . She needs water . You , come with me . And bring that one . Samantha : Oh , no . Mackenzie : No . No . No , take me instead . No , take me ! No , take me instead ! Take me ! I 'll go . I ... Hey ... Don 't make me sorry I took the gag out . Okay , pretty girl ? Okay ? Okay . [ sobbing ] Lillian still hasn 't made contact with senator bradshaw . Why not ? They 've ordered her not to . Maybe they don 't want the senator to know His own government 's watching him . [ cellphone ringing ] Gabriel . That 's the number I got off luisa 's phone bill . That 's carlos . Answer it . Hola . Hello . Hello ? Is anyone there ? Nothing , but the line 's still open . I 've got a cell signal . He hung up . It 's okay . I 'm in the cell network . We 're 1.3 miles away from the phone that made that call . [ engine turns over ] This feels super safe . Cellphone signal 's coming from inside the trunk . No . Hang on , gabriel . Trunk 's open . I said stay back . If that cellphone is connected to an explosive ... Good point . [ sighs ] I have an idea . What are you doing ? Trunk has a hydraulic spring-load . [ cellphone ringing ] Oh , god . Hola , carlos . They 're taunting us . They must have talked to carlos ' mother . They knew we 'd track the cellphone here . Hector 's a cool customer . Oh , god . Really ? Someone wants to say hello . I don 't want to be rude . [ keypad beeps ] Hector : This what you were looking for ? Hector villareal , I presume ? The senator violated our agreement . He wasn 't supposed to call the authorities . He didn 't have to . You 're not as smooth as you think you are . [ chuckles ] open the laptop . Don 't worry . Open it . Careful . Have you heard of the mexican jumping bean ? Hector , you don 't want to do this . What is a mexican jumping bean ? Pull the pin from the grenade . When she loses consciousness , the grenade falls . You must have spent some time in ciudad de mexico , my friend . As you can see , this poor girl is not doing very well . I give her ... Five minutes longer ? Then you can call her parents And tell her you watched her die . Oh , by the way , tell obregon It didn 't have to be like this . Who 's obregon ? I 've got a signal on the laptop . Gabriel : Lillian , they 're gonna kill samantha . I have a lock on the location . There was something else . He mentioned someone named obregon . Riley : As far as I know , This is a new name in all of this , right ? Yes , it is . Skycom 1 . You should be able to access it right now . I don 't see any bogeys . Two-room house . She 's in the front room . Doesn 't seem like anyone 's in the back . I don 't like it . We could stay out here , and that girl dies . You 're okay . You 're okay . You all right ? Yeah . I came as soon as I heard . You got samantha . Well done . What about the bradshaw girl ? Not yet . We have less than 30 hours . Yes , I 'm aware of that . Can samantha help us at all ? Dad ... [ clears throat ] Hector mentioned someone named obregon . Any idea who that is ? No . Well , we did some searching To see if there was something in our system - - Operation names , agents ' aliases , et cetera . And ? Nothing . But then I got to thinking , Maybe he was referring to the famous obregón , The mexican president in the 1920s . Go on . Obregón and pancho villa Were fierce enemies during the revolution . Pancho became a folk hero , Forcing obregón to make an uncomfortable peace with him . But pancho was paranoid , Always waiting for obregón 's men to assassinate him . Paranoid , but correct ... Which goes to prove what I always told you - - Peace is beautiful , but - - but not to be trusted . You remember . I remember everything you taught me , dad , Including the story of the mexican revolution . You 're obregon , aren 't you ? And hector is pancho villa , the misunderstood folk hero . You know each other . [ sighs ] I miss you , kid . When were you going to tell me That hector villareal is on the payroll Of the u.S. Government ? [ inhales sharply ] [ sighs ] I want all cards face up right now . Hector was our " whitey " bulger . The fbi fed bulger to help them bring down the mafia . But he was supposed to operate within certain parameters , And whitey strayed outside those parameters . And an fbi agent is sitting in prison now for that deal . Hector gave us the names , All the intel on his competitors , People far worse than him . In return , we laid off him . Vintage leland strand . Lillian , we seized thousands of tons of cocaine Based on hector 's intel . We brought down some real monsters crossing the border . [ sighs ] how did you get that video ? Were you surveilling the senator or hector ? Well , we knew hector was unhappy with the geo-9 . He had made some threats . So , prophylactically , we got the nsa to monitor All comint into and out of the committee . We didn 't anticipate the kidnapping . That was bold , even for hector . You adopted a lion cub , fed it raw meat , When it grew up liking the taste of blood . What do you want me to do ? He 's your asset . Control him . Lives are at stake . I know . Get a leash on your lion , dad . Hakuna matata . [ indistinct conversations ] Woman : Senator ? Senator ? Senator ? Um , looking , uh , at the numbers and - - And what it 's gonna take to support those numbers , I just don 't see how we 're gonna push this thing Across the finish line . Are you talking about Postponing the satellite sale to mexico ? Thank you very much . Tom , we all spent half a million On your re-election campaign Because you assured us of this sale . Sir , your daughter 's on the phone . Excuse me . Baby ? Hector : Not your baby . What do you want ? Question for you - - Why are two u.S. Intelligence officers In mexico looking for your daughter ? I-I-I don 't know . I had nothing to do with it , though . Is mackenzie okay ? You were warned , senator . You gave me your word . And if a man can 't trust a politician - - My word is still good . I didn 't have anything to do with them . I swear to god they 're not mine . Men like us don 't believe in god , Not after the things we 've seen . I believe there is a god , sir . You 'd better hope you 're right , senator . If you fail to honor our agreement I cannot guarantee your daughter 's safety . I just want my daughter back . I 'll stall the legislation . That the satellite transfer to mexico doesn 't go through . We shall see . [ receiver clicks ] [ indistinct conversations ] How is she ? She 's stabilized . Good . I don 't get it . How does lillian 's father fit into all of this ? Not sure . I saw him at the white house a lot When I was on presidential detail . I never really knew what he did . Imagine growing up with that guy , Worried the tooth fairy 's gonna slit your throat . He did something right . She 's incredibly driven . Or still seeking his approval . That stuff 's hard to shake . That 's why everyone in my family Ended up dying on some dusty battlefield somewhere . I 'm the fifth vaughn to go to war , First one to survive it . My old man was a folded flag on the mantel . It 's some country song nobody wants to hear . Is there a country song anyone wants to hear ? We 'll talk about that later . Riley : Samantha . Where 's mackenzie ? We 're gonna find her ... With your help . About the place they were holding you ? Even the tiniest detail might help . The room was s-small , And you had to go down some stairs to get to it . There were three , maybe four men . They had the tv on all the time . Do you know what they were watching ? There was cheering on the tv , and they would cheer , But it was in spanish . Soccer . They were watching soccer . Soccer . That 's good . Anything else ? It s-sounds crazy , but ... Outside , it sounded like animals . Animals ? Like a jungle - - lions , elephants . You 've been very helpful . Get some rest . Lions and elephants ? I know . Hang on . I 'm chipping the local cable company , Isolating subscribers of the soccer channel . Wow . Apparently mexico loves soccer . I 'm getting thousands of hits . Is there a zoo or something , an animal sanctuary ? [ sighs ] Not anywhere close . How are we gonna find this girl ? Wish I knew . [ cellphone rings ] Bueno . Hola , hector . ¿ qué tal , jefe ? I had a feeling I might hear from you . What do you want , leland ? I 'm calling to give you some business advice . [ chuckles ] Do I look like I need your advice ? Do you remember when we played golf with noriega ? You are comparing me to that monkey ? Hector , noriega was the president Of an actual nation . And when he pissed us off , We sent 25,000 troops in to arrest him . The game has changed . Creo que no . The only thing that changed the game Was you kidnapping two american girls . I delivered monsters to you on a silver platter , Made you look good , and what do you do in return ? You put an eye in the sky to shut down my business . You broke your word to me , cabrón ! That was not me . It was others , hector . And I 'm prepared to make you an offer . Killing the satellite deal Is the only offer I am interested in . The satellite is going through . Then we have nothing to talk about , hermano . But I 'm prepared to give you the codes . You have my attention . You 'll have access to the satellite At any given time and the intel it gathers . The codes for the girl , hector , And your word that nothing like this can ever happen again . I am not stupid . I take the deal , you will simply change the codes . Take the deal , hermano . It 's the best you 're gonna get . We have a deal . Deal ? What deal ? You 're not gonna like it any more than I do , But we 're getting mackenzie out of there . I 'm sending the location of the drop point To your navigator . We 're gonna do this . We 're gonna bring that girl home . [ sighs ] do you see them ? Gabriel : No , not yet . I don 't like this . You should be up here . I should be down there . We talked about this . You 're a better shot with that rifle than I am . And you 're following my orders . Chris : Okay , here we go , guys . We 're entering from the southwest . Just get the girl , put her in the car , Unless he asks me to dance , in which case I 'm gonna break out my cha-cha . Stay focused . I vote for the cha-cha . Riley . Just one of you bring the girl ! Sólo uno ! I have a bad feeling about this . Riley : Sólo uno ! Riley , take a few steps back . Wait . Sólo uno . Wait . Where are you going ? Sólo uno . Wait . Where are you going ? [ gasping ] Hey , gabriel , at the s.U.V. Wait ! No ! Riley , get out of there ! Lillian . Riley , pull back now . Wait . [ exhales sharply ] You 're coming with us . [ gasping ] Drop the gun ... [ speaking spanish ] Gabriel , do you have a shot ? Gabriel : No . Do you want her to die ? ! Riley , go now ! Poner la pistola or I kill her ! Riley , go ! Riley , get out of there ! [ whimpering ] You want her dead ? I 'll kill her ! [ gasping ] Lillian : Riley , pull back now . I can 't . [ whimpers ] I can 't leave her . Damn it ! And slow . No . No ! [ screaming ] Gabriel . I don 't have a shot . Mackenzie : [ crying ] no ! No ! No ! [ sobbing , screaming ] [ screaming , crying ] [ tires squeal ] [ breathing heavily ] [ door opens ] I 'm a federal agent . We 're here to get you home . Are you okay ? I-I don 't understand . We were double-crossed . Wait . They took samantha . And I don 't know where she is . No , we have samantha . She 's safe . [ whimpers ] They 're gonna kill us . Mackenzie . They - - they 're gonna kill us . Mackenzie , look at me . Look at me . We have to rely on each other , okay ? That 's how we 're gonna get out of here . Do you understand ? [ crying ] Mackenzie ? Mackenzie , do you understand ? Okay ? Okay . We can do this . Okay . Hector : Consider this a clear message . I am no longer taking orders from you . But I am not an animal . Take the geo-9 satellite off the table , And I will receive this as goodwill Towards our new relationship . Then you can have the young ladies back , hmm ? I want an analysis on that video right away . These guys are pros . This is gonna take some time . Until we find something we can use . Gabriel : You don 't have to . I 've got enough from that video to cyber-render . This is the cyber-render . I 'm in . I see riley and mackenzie . [ sighs ] They 've been roughed up , but I think they 're okay . The watch . Watch ? What watch ? She had it on in the s.U.V. , Only she was wearing it on the other wrist . It 's stopped . Wouldn 't that make sense in a render ? She stopped it . 23 minutes after the drop . Weatherly : 23 minutes . She 's telling us how long she drove after the ambush . The second dial - - she set it at 12 : 15 . 12 : 15 . That 's due east . She 's guiding us right to her . Chris : Okay , I 'm in the mexican telecable database . There 's a house in the area That has a recent acquisition Of an expensive international sports package . Let me guess - - soccer . You got it . I 'm bringing up satellite images on the position . [ computer beeping ] Got it . I have a location . [ sighs ] Hang on . I 'm coming to get you . [ horn honking tune ] [ elephant trumpets ] Elephant burgers . Found our jungle . [ honking continues ] [ elephant trumpets ] He goes in alone ? I 'm in their cams . Ramon 's inside , three guards . Riley and mackenzie must be in the basement . I 'm going to trigger their security alarm . [ alarm blaring ] [ shouting in spanish ] There 's a storm door , far end of the house . It must lead to the basement . [ blaring continues ] [ wood creaks ] [ exhales sharply ] you sure took your time . Couldn 't decide what to wear . Nice trick with the watch . You 're jealous now , aren 't you ? You all right ? Yeah . Chris : Gabriel , right behind you . [ vehicle approaching ] It 's hector villareal . Gabriel , you 're not authorized to take hector in . Stand down and let him go . What are you talking about ? I 've got him in my sights . What are you talking about ? We have the girl . Your agent is safe . Hector villareal is not your concern . There are lots of killers in the world , lillian . Many of them are at our washington galas . Secure the girl and stand down , gabriel . Son of a bitch . Daddy ! Kenzie . [ whimpers , crying ] I 'm so sorry . I never meant for any of this . We know , baby . We know . We are forever grateful . [ laughs ] Man : Today an historic piece of legislation Passed in the senate intelligence committee , Forging a new chapter in the cooperation Between the United States and the mexican government Involving border security . Senator tom bradshaw , the legislation 's sponsor , Didn 't stop to answer - - We should be taking hector down . It 's not your call . Leland : If we had to stop working with murderers And drug dealers and despots , We 'd never get anything accomplished . After all he 's done , you 're still protecting him . You have any idea what it took To order my agent to stand down ? For the greater good , lillian . According to who ? You know , when I first got to langley , The director said to me , " you think you know what evil 's out there . You have no idea . " Did he tell you to get into bed with that evil ? It 's not a perfect world . But we can make it better . A great man taught me that . [ door opens ] The house is a mess . [ door closes ] What are you talking about ? It 's spotless . Well , it finally feels like home . You were worried about me . No , I wasn 't . If you say so . Well , you look pretty good For a girl who 's been through the wringer . [ laughs ] Now , that sounds like a country song . Good night , gabriel . [ door closes ] [ sighs ] [ cellphone ringing ] Lillian : Hector ? How did you get this number ? [ operatic singing ] I believe you know my father . You 're lillian , leland 's daughter . I 've heard a lot about you . You haven 't heard everything . Congratulations . You won this one . That 's very gracious of you . However , this satellite business Will make peace between us very difficult . You should have taken my father 's offer . You crossed the line , hector . Oh , yeah ? What line is that ? The border . If your government wants to do business with me , You 'll give me what I want . Or you can find yourself another mexican . Yes , well , I already have . What ? What are you talking about ? [ knife plunging ] [ singing continues ] Everything all right ? Better . [ sighs ] Shall we ? There 's no place I 'd rather be .
