 - Don 't - What ? I can just feel you about to say it just don 't say it . I think we should bail . Benny , it 's too late for that . C 'mon Claire , we ... we don 't know what we 're dealing here . I do . - No , you don 't ! - Yes , I do ! I really do okay , that thing fell out of the sky into our laps I mean , to me that 's a sign , okay ? What makes you so sure that the sign is pointing in the right direction . You make me sure cause you got it to work . Always said that we deserve better , right ? So , I don 't wanna wait for somebody to give us a chance it 's time that we took a chance for ourselves . I hope you 're right . I am , I 'm always right . I 'm always right about you . - Okay . - Okay . Okay . ITEM 47 What you 're looking at is Allentown , Pennsylvania five days after the Battle of New York . This is a worst case scenario . Please tell me why is the one piece of Alien tech failed to capture is now functioning . There are four confirmed reports of similar incidence . Richmond , Virginia . Seven days after the Battle of New York . Queensbury , North Carolina . Two days after that . Charleston , South Carolina the following afternoon . Here , Here , Here ... - Bennie , Bennie ! - ... Oh , I gotta go Then , Pasadena , Georgia . Yesterday morning . I had been there it do a great pool park right down the street . I don 't think you 're taking this assignment very seriously . That 's funny , I was just thinking the same thing about you . While you 've been in here gathering video clips I 've been out investigating . It turns out a used 28 foot Pearson was taken off the marker in Key West . Spoke to the former owner , a couple matching our description paid in cash . Boat gets out of Dry Dock in 24 hours so , I 'd like to get a move on . I understand , Agent Coulson . I 'm sorry , force of habit . We all miss him . Your orders , Agent Sitwell : Retrieve the weapons tech and neutralise ... the two outlaws . Thing 's a killer on the wrist feels I 'm getting advanced carpal tunnel or something . What ? We did it ! How much ? Enough . Enough enough ? Enough to do whatever we want . Now and forever . What the hell is that ? Oh , I like that song . Can you please ... Yup , okay ... okay , I 'll say something Just stay right there , don 't move , I 'll be right back Hello ? Please stop squirming . Claire , it 's the cops ! Hit the deck , baby . Ay , my wrist ... - Benny , Benny are you okay ? - Claire She got a lot cooler . Benny ? Benny ? .. do you even know why we were in the room ? ... yes , I do know what I was doing . We 're gonna get arrested . Hi , hi ... I 'm so sorry about before . I hope I didn 't hurt you ... ? 47 known alien objects hit the ground after the portal closed above Manhattan All dormant , all dead except this one . This one works just fine . Any idea why that is ? Benny got it to work . What ? You did . - Well I can show you how to do it . - Show him , show him up . - He can show you really really .. Yeah - Totally . He would love to show you . Just anything , but we can 't ... we can 't go to jail . - Look at him , he can 't go to jail . - Who said anything about jail ? I was sent here to retrieve the weapon , and to neutralise you . Where the hell have you been ? Report was due 10 hours ago , $ 42,000 worth a damage at the motel , you know I 've gotten Fury breathing down my neck ... Hi Agent Blake , I 'd like you to meet Claire Wise and Benjamin Pollack . Benjamin here is the latest addition to the S.H.I.E.L.D RD think tech . He 's gonna help us reverse engineer some of the alien tech . - You ready to get that badge ? - Yes . Hold on a second Sitwell ... Oh , I forgot to mention Claire is your new assistant . - What ? - I mean , prodigy . Ya , that 's ridiculous . Impart upon her all the knowledge and skills that have made you the man you are today . Well , we don 't even have another chair here . - Now , that 's ridiculous - Sitwell , Sitwell ... Sitwell ! Hey ... Do you know how to make coffee ? No !
