 Previously on Intelligence ... - What is it ? - The Iranians had a novel idea , to plant sleeper agents in US society . They 're here , lying and waiting like snakes in the grass . Gabriel went to the Windall hotel and killed those men in cold blood . What the hell is going on ? You said there were two scenarios . What 's the other ? The chip was hacked and Gabriel was operated remotely by someone else . Get in . As of this moment , Lillian Strand has been removed from her command . It was Mei Chen . Mei Chen ? She 's the one that killed those men and framed me . It 's a trap , Gabriel . She 's not alone . Gabriel ! Where are you going ? They 're gonna check all the known safe houses . - There 's only one place ... - No . Head west . Take surface streets . I know where to go . Something tells me it 's not a hospital . Where are we going , Gabriel ? Yes , Gabriel , where are we going ? We 're almost there . Turn right . Come on . Where are we , Gabriel ? This 'll be interesting . Shut up and help me ! Gabriel ? Hey , mom . I need a big favor . Stay with us , Gabriel . It 's okay , it 's okay . Lucky I still have this . But what you need is a hospital ! Can 't go to a hospital , ma . What are you mixed up in , Gabriel ? Can we please talk about this later ? I haven 't taken care of a gunshot wound in 30 years , and there was always a doctor around . You 're not a doctor ? Army field nurse , retired . This was a great idea . Please tell me you 're good at this . For your information , I was very good . Encouraging . Do you ever shut up ? Don 't know if you 've noticed , but her hands are shaking . Pour her a drink . This just gets better and better . You think this is a joke ? This is my son ! One more crack out of you , and I 'll ... Mrs. Vaughn ... We can 't do this without anaesthesia . Otherwise , the pain will ... Hey , Gabriel ! Gabriel . Gabriel ! Gabriel ! Well , at least he won 't feel it . Here . Hold this . I 'm in a hospital ? I wish you were in a hospital . Got it . Relax . I just thought this room might make you feel better , Gabriel . It doesn 't . What 's he saying ? Get out of my head . Are you rendering with him ? Rendering ? What are you talking about ? I 'm keeping him calm . A simple " thank you " would suffice . I don 't know what 's going on with you two , but now is not the time . Your mother doesn 't like me very much . No one likes you very much . You and I have so much more in common than you realize ... both lost our fathers . You lost a brother , I lost a sister . What do you want from me ? I want you to learn . ... As your president , one step at a time ... What is this ? A last chance to see the truth . The truth about what ? The people you work for , silly . I will go where you can 't go . Governor Cameron ... what does she have to do with any of this ? Some say she 'll be your next president . Maybe you haven 't noticed , but I 'm a little busy right now trying not to die . Sometimes I wonder if the chip was wasted on you . All right , I 'll play . Why do I care about the next president ? I said she could be the next president . But sadly , governor Cameron won 't live that long . You 're gonna kill her ? Oh , please . I don 't work for free . As you just learned , I 'm not the only assassin in town . Why are you telling me all this ? To prove that you 're on the wrong side , that you 're living a lie , that what I 've told you is true , that the people you work for aren 't who they seem . Someone in your own government hired me to frame you . When that wasn 't enough , they tried to kill you , then me ... just like they 'll do to her . Give me a name . If I knew who it was , they 'd already be dead . But this one 's been very careful . Why should I believe you ? I don 't care if you believe me . If you do , you 'll stop them . If you don 't , they 'll kill her . Either way ... I 'm gonna cyber on by for a big fat " I told you so . " Then we 'll pick up where we left off . Time to go back to mommy . Hey , wait a second ! Wait ! Gabriel ? Where 's Mei Chen ? Gabriel , are you okay ? Gabriel , calm down , please . You have to find her . Now , Riley ! She 's not here . Mei Chen 's gone . There 's gonna be an assassination . One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber Command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind ... the next evolution of intelligence . Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry What the hell happened out there ? There were complications . Complications ? Someone opened fire on my team , and Gabriel was hit . What 's his status ? I wish I knew . The shooter wasn 't one of mine . So you 've said , several times . This never would have happened in the first place if you hadn 't tried to go behind my back . What 's he talking about ? Lillian arranged for a private meet . If you hadn 't been set up on me , Gabriel , Riley , and Mei Chen would be with us here right now . Mei Chen ? Mei Chen was with Gabriel and Riley . How ? She 's the one who murdered Colonel Hatcher and Bernard at that hotel . She framed Gabriel . That 's what Gabriel claims . Well , whatever the truth is , we need to find them . Well , you won 't find them ... not now . Watch me . Listen up . Gabriel is now wounded , possibly fatally . I want you to paper every hospital , E.R. , and medical clinic . Now , he was last seen with Agent Neal and someone you 're all familiar with ... Mei Chen . They just evaded our tac team and , with that , forfeited any chance at a peaceful surrender . Force protocol remains echo-foxtrot . These fugitives are to be considered armed and dangerous . Jeff , if you 're telling the truth and you didn 't order that shot , that means there 's an unidentified shooter out there , which could prove that Gabriel didn 't kill those men in that hotel . That has to change the force protocol . We can 't be killing our own people . You authorized me to bring the asset in , Adam . And I can 't do that with her second-guessing every turn I make . Now , either my orders stand or they don 't . For God 's sake , put a stop to this . Lillian , if a rogue f-16 was headed to the nation 's capital , we 'd blow it out of the sky . Well , Gabriel isn 't a fighter jet . Yes , he is . And for all we know , he 's being piloted by Mei Chen . Cassidy confirmed that the chip is vulnerable to an outside influence . We have no choice but to bring them all down . Mei Chen was the key to proving your innocence . She may also be the key to stopping the assassination of Governor Cameron . How do we know that it 's not Mei Chen that 's gonna kill her ? Let me ask you something ... do you think it was our people that took a shot at us ? Lillian ? Absolutely not . Tetazoo ? I wouldn 't put it past him . Okay , I 'm a fugitive , but I 'm still a pretty expensive piece of hardware . Why risk killing me if you don 't have to ? That 's a good point . It 's not standard operating procedure for him to have ordered that shot . Exactly . And if we accept that , we also have to consider that Mei Chen is at least telling a partial truth . That there 's another shooter out there . Okay . If that 's true , they 're targeting Cameron . Why would Mei Chen bother to tell you ? She wasn 't paid to kill Cameron , and because she wants to find that shooter as much as we do . So , do we involve Lillian ? One thing 's clear ... she 's no longer in control . Then what next ? You should warn Governor Cameron . Mom , you said you went to the kitchen to make tea . You lied . There she is . Says there she 's back at the state house for some vote . You can take my car if you want . I 'd love some tea . You two want to tell me what the hell 's going on ? Nothing 's going on . I don 't see my son for months on end , then he shows up with a bullet in his belly . That standard operating procedure for you ? Mrs. Vaughn , I ... I 'm talking to my son . You , young lady , ought to talk to the governor before she gets herself dead . She 's right . I should warn the governor . Do you have a way to reach her ? Yeah . I have a way . Look , you call me out of the blue , you tell me you need to talk to my protectee , off the books , and I can 't ask any questions ? It 's better for you that way . Trust me . You know , I could get jammed up for this , thriller . Not if you don 't know anything . Right now , I 'm just a fellow agent you trust , asking for five minutes with your protectee . Five minutes , Griff . You owe me . I 'll see what I can do . But no promises . We don 't have much time . Have any of you heard of an Iranian operation known as the flood ? It 's a top-secret Iranian program begun in the ' 80s to plant sleeper agents in high-ranking positions in the U.S. government . It 's similar to the Soviet programs that we 're all aware of but designed differently . Instead of grooming Iranian nationals , iranians recruited and converted Americans . Wait . Americans spying for Iran ? Hundreds of them . That 's impossible . Well , I believe that Colonel Hatcher discovered the identity of one or more sleepers in our government , and that 's why he and Bernard were murdered . And that 's why they framed Gabriel for the murders . Because they knew Gabriel and his chip would be our best chance to root them out and stop them . Okay . But do we ... do we know who it is ? Not yet , but what I do know is that Gabriel and Riley 's lives depend on us finding out . - Well , we have to find them first . - How ? Since I deleted the record of Gabriel stealing the minivan , the entire intelligence apparatus has been tracking him . And so far , they 've come up empty-handed . Well , I 'm counting on the fact that they don 't know him like we do . Wait . He was shot . Yes , Nelson , I know . I was there . No , no . What I mean is , he might be America 's most powerful super weapon , but he still needs a doctor . Tetazoo 's already chasing that angle down . He would not necessarily need a doctor . What do you mean ? Our original intake interviews with Gabriel ... as I recall , his father was K.I.A. , but his mother ... Was a combat nurse . Bad enough you joined the army when I told you not to , but now this . Mom , you don 't even know what this is . I know what a gunshot wound is , and I know what it means when you can 't go to a doctor . How about you tell me why you started drinking again ? I thought you quit . Yeah , well ... I 'm no quitter . And I don 't need a lecture from you . Well , I don 't need a lecture from you , either . Still the same smart-mouth pain in the ass you ever were . Well , I 'm no quitter . Thank you . For what ? Not that you gave me much choice . But then , no one in this family ever did . Don 't start with that now . That 's why I told you not to join the damned army . This isn 't the army . Well , whatever it is , people are shooting at you . That 's the problem with the men in this family ... you think your lives belong to this country . Well , maybe it 's the other way around . Maybe we think this country belongs to us . Meanwhile , I heard you saying your own people set a trap for you ? They think I committed a crime . They think I killed three people . Did you ? No . What the hell ? I thought I saw something move in the backyard . You shouldn 't get up . Show me . Where ? There ... that oak tree . Another friend of yours ? Of course I heard about the murders at the Windall . What does any of that have to do with me ? We 're investigating the murders , and we have reason to believe that whoever hired that assassin has selected you as the next target . What is this " reason to believe " ? Our information comes from a source who is extremely well-connected . I thought the death threats were supposed to come after you get elected . You 're the presumed nominee , governor . The next primary win puts you over the top . 10 seconds . So , who do you think is behind this ? Someone who doesn 't want you to be president . Can you narrow it down at all ? That 's where it gets complicated . Here 's mine . I keep it in the dresser . You keep this cannon in a dresser ? Loaded ? Well , it ain 't no paperweight . Mom , get in the closet . Gabriel , you could rip your sutures . That 's the least of our problems . Now , get in the closet , or I 'll shoot you myself . HK tactical ... nice weapon , but my mom 's , here , will take your head clean off . Thomas Olivier ... born Albany , New York . No criminal record , not on any watch lists . Who the hell are you ? Who sent you ? Mom ! Put that thing down before you kill me ! Don 't yell at me , young man ! That wasn 't very smart , fighting in your condition . Are you kidding me ? And look what that son of a bitch did to my nice stitches . Now I 'll have to start over . Thanks , ma . She also said she thinks the conspiracy to assassinate me might be coming from one of my opponents . How 's your Monday ? I 'm sorry , Christy , but you know I 'll doing everything I can to get to the bottom of this . Adam , you 've known me 20 years , so you know this isn 't the first time I 've heard that someone wants to end my campaign . But finding out someone wants to do it by killing me ? Well , that 's a new one , even for me . The first thing I 'm gonna do is remove the secret service agent who let her in . Already done . Don 't worry . We 're on-problem , I promise you . What the hell is going on here ? I don 't know . Riley . Thank God . Jameson , lower your weapon . What ? Where 's Gabriel ? I don 't know . I just got here . Would you mind not pointing your gun at me ? You first . I 'm not gonna shoot you , Riley . We 're on the same team here . You sure about that ? Yes . Very sure . Now , where the hell is Gabriel ? There . That 'll do . Gabriel ? It 's okay . I 'm fine . You don 't look fine . He 's not . Who the hell are you ? Mom , this is Chris Jameson . He 's a friend . Right ? That hurts . Try having your mom operate on you with a kitchen knife . And who 's the dead guy ? Probably the one who rearranged my stomach . Look , we really have to move . If that guy could find you and we could find you , Tetazoo won 't be far behind . You 're saying I didn 't pick a great hideout ? Looks like you picked the right place to me . Don 't try to charm me , young man . I want to know right now what the hell is going on . Exactly who is trying to kill my son ? We 're trying to figure that out . You 're not going anywhere till I get some answers , boy . Mom , I need you to go to Aunt Gail 's . My sister ? I haven 't talked to that road whore in about two years . That 's exactly why they won 't think to look for you there . Mom , this is serious . I hadn 't noticed . I 'll come get you in a couple days . Then I 'll tell you everything . Promise . Fine . Oh , my God ! You 're alive ! Ha-ha ! Gunshot wound . Right . Yes . Mwah ! Mnh ! Glad to see you , too . All right , here . Sit . Come on . Seriously , you guys cannot run away anymore . You 're giving my dad heart palpitations . Not just my heart . I hope you know that I have been and always will be on your side . I do know , Lillian . Thank you for keeping him safe . That 's my job , right ? Yes , it is . I don 't know if you guys know this , but apparently , there are Iranian sleeper agents in our government . Feel safe ? - Is that true ? - Something called the flood . We think it 's why Mei Chen killed Hatcher and Bernard . Where is Mei Chen ? She got away . Did you get any intel from her ? She mentioned the person that hired her worked for our government . That must be one of the sleepers . You think that 's what Hatcher found out ? Who you are , what you have , what you know ... that 's why people get killed in this business . I listen . So , what 's the plan ? Well , surely , now we return to CyberCom , right ? We regroup . We know Gabriel 's innocent . We can 't prove that yet . And we can 't trust Tetazoo . Speak of the devil . Hello , Jeff . I have a lot to talk with you about . Me first . There may be a lot more going on here than we realize . Go on . We found a photograph and other documents in a safe-deposit box out in Alexandria , belonging to Colonel Hatcher . What kind of a photograph ? According to his notes , it comes directly from the Iranian Savama files . It was taken in 1989 at a farm near Montreal , and I believe it 's the proof Hatcher was searching for his whole life . Proof of what ? Something called the flood . The flood ? I 'll tell you more in person . Why , Jeff ? Why call me ? Because I was wrong about Gabriel . I 'm sending you the photograph right now on an encrypted server . Password is " crystal-palace-3-3-niner . " Sending now . Jeff ? Jeff ! Jeff , talk to me . Jeff ? What 's going on ? Jeff ! CIA director Jeffrey Tetazoo was shot last night in Washington , D.C. , by an unknown assailant . D.C. Metro police are working closely with the CIA to locate a suspect ... This is what he sent you . Yes . What is it ? I can 't tell . Their faces are blurred . There 's six words written on the back ... Bengal , Sumatran , Javan , Caspian , Bali , Siberian . Sounds like coffee . It 's probably not coffee . No , they 're tigers . Those are subspecies of tigers . Is that true ? Oh , my God . What ? So , if the legend is true , of the hundreds of sleepers the Iranians recruited , six of them were superstars , and they were referred to as the six tigers . In 1989 , Ayatollah was on his death bed , and he sent the six tigers to a farm in Canada to meet a secret envoy . Apparently , a photograph was supposed to have been taken , and it was sent back to Iran so the Ayatollah could see the six tigers once before he died . You think this is that photo ? It has to be . At least one of the men in that photo is behind this ... the killings at the Windall , the framing of Gabriel , and the assassination plot on Cameron . If the legend is true , yes . Guys , this photo was taken a quarter century ago . The faces are blurred , and they could be anyone . - Wait a second . The blur . - What about it ? It was done by a computer . So ? A computer in the ' 80s ! Yes ! It 's a box blur ! Yes ! Meaning ? Look , the blurring ... it 's an algorithm . It 's a code . Right ? Nowadays , that would be impossible to reverse , but this is old technology . As long as Gabriel has a baseline . Baseline ? As long as he knows one of the faces , he can decode ... un-blur the rest of them ! But we don 't have any faces . We might . That guy who came after you at your mother 's house ... he could be one of them . He 's the right age . Do you have a picture of him ? Up here , I do . Pulling up the photo now . Okay , try to plug in the image of your attacker onto each of their faces until you find a match . Nothing yet . Gotcha . Riley was right . That 's the guy who came after me at my mom 's house . Yes ! Okay , that should be the seed value ... the ... the key code for the blur . Now you should be able to use the code to try ... It 's working . Weatherly . All this time , it was right in front of me , and I never saw it . No one saw it . Where is he ? I spoke to him this morning after they found Tetazoo . Did he tell you where he was going ? Yeah . He did . But you 're not gonna like it . This is a mistake . We disagree . We are so close to the flood finally rising . Finally rising ? I 'm the director of National Intelligence . And that achieved a great deal , including access to Clockwork , but now we can take the White House . For us to succeed , Governor Cameron must not . She is , as they say , inevitable unless we take action . Khutai , we agreed on the imperative to discredit Gabriel , as he 's best equipped to stop us . Now he 's out there , hunting us , and I 'm best equipped to stop him . We can 't risk losing me now . We have others to deal with Gabriel . As for your task , if ever there was evidence of God smiling at us , it is now . You set up Cameron 's security , you 're her friend ... you 're trusted . It will be difficult for you for a while , but ultimately , it will be viewed merely as tragic accident . Khutai , you have to listen to me . No . We listen only to the word of our master . That is the covenant . Of the original 700 that Allah gave us , your rise was the least surprising . You will succeed because you are as wily as the Javan tiger from where you get your name . Sad news today . Our thoughts are with Director Tetazoo 's family and colleagues . I will refrain from further comment until we have more facts . I want to thank each of you for your generous contributions to my campaign , and thank you for your charity gifts today . Let 's try to have some fun , shall we ? You know the rules ... two people , two hours . She who downs the most birds wins . Let 's do it ! Change of plans , Tommy . You 're going to partner with C.J. today . It 's Weatherly 's first hunt with us , and I promised I 'd be gentle . Sorry , general . Hope you 're a good shot . I 'd hate to crush you at your own photo op . Adam is a hell of a marksman . Nice to see you . Nice to see you . Thanks for coming out today , Adam . Of course , of course . Hi . We 're all a bit shaken up . Hi . I 'll just have to keep you safe . We need to find the governor and Adam Weatherly . It 's a matter of national security . You missed them by 20 minutes . They 're hunting upland . They 'll keep to the north slope . You know ... I think I 've made every major decision in my life in a setting just like this one ... marrying Mike , having our daughters ... Choosing to throw your hat into the ring for president ? On a camping trip just over that ridgeline . I can see why you like it here . It 's so peaceful ... so remote . That 's right . What is it ? Are you willing to sacrifice everything for this ? The presidency ? Of course . Aren 't you willing to sacrifice everything for what you believe in ? I 'm gonna move to our flank , see if I can 't flush those birds to your position . I knew we 'd make a great team . Are you gonna make it ? Don 't worry about me . I want to get this son of a bitch . Adam , you scared me . I 'm sorry , Christy . It isn 't personal . What the hell are you doing ? ! - Weatherly ! - Drop your weapon ! I 'll get the governor . Are you okay ? Yes . Stay behind me . Drop it . Your mother was Iranian . That 's no secret , Lillian . Is that why you did this ? In 1953 , the CIA staged a series of bombings in Iran , turning the country against its own democratically elected government . But your mother didn 't die in Iran . No . She was one of the bombers . It destroyed her . And the CIA not only failed to help , they denied she ever existed . So this was revenge ? Your father likes to say that we are defined by the decisions we make . I am defined by the decisions of others . You 're not gonna get off that easily . You 're a traitor , Adam . We know about the flood . We know about the six tigers . It 's over . Tell us the name of the candidate . He 's not one of the other tigers . I know that . Tell us his name and your life will be easier . Gabriel , did Lillian or Cassidy ever tell you why the program is called Clockwork ? A 19th-century story called " The Ablest Man in the World . " About a man with a simple mind who meets a mad doctor who creates for him a clockwork brain , which is , of course , far superior to any human brain . The tragedy in the story comes when he realizes that he is no longer human , that he is only a machine ... and , therefore , will always be marginalized , will always be ostracized , and will always be terribly and tragically ... alone . Spoken by the only one who will never walk out of here . You 're the one who 's alone . Mom , you didn 't have to cook . You 're giving me a place to stay . It 's the least I can do . The only reason you need a place is 'cause he burned down your kitchen . Hey , what kind of partner are you ? Truth is , I wanted to spend some time with your girl here . No , it 's not like that . He lost a wife , took him a while to get back on his feet , but I 'm glad to see he 's met someone he cares about . Mom . How about some truth ? What 's going on with you that so many people want you dead ? Truth . Right here , right now . All right . Remember when Johnny got that tattoo ? Remember how mad you got ? It 's kind of like that . Gabriel . I have a microchip implanted in my brain , mom . It 's experimental ... first of its kind . I can access everything . As long as it 's connected to the information grid , I can get in . This is in your brain right now ? Does it hurt ? No . What 's the downside ? I 'm different . You look the same to me . Some people are worried I can be programmed like a computer because I 'm part computer . I 'm not all ... you know ... human . Some people are worried ? Are you " some people " ? Maybe . A little . This Weatherly character ... you said they brainwashed him , right ? Got him when he was a kid , filled his head full of crap for years , all so they could get him to do some bad stuff when he got older ? Yeah , but what does this have to do with me , mom ? Just that it seems to me , you don 't need a microchip in your brain to be programmed . I got to check on our dinner . Moms ... what you gonna do ? Yeah , I don 't pretend to know what it 's like to have a computer in my head . But ... I do know you , and there 's one thing I 'm certain of . What 's that ? That chip doesn 't make you less than human . Makes you more than human . I knew Khutai would send someone to save me . It 's done . I have more work , if you 're interested . I might be . Good . I 'll be in touch . Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry
