 Subs created by : David Coleman . There are a lot of dead people in this house . There was five of us who seen it . When women are here , it seems like it 's angry . He 's trying to interact with them now . He glared like he wanted to kill me . There 's a dead person that was , like , crawling up the stairs . To me , it looked like what a Reaper may look like . Do you think whatever 's here is dangerous ? Yes . It wants to hurt people . She 's dying . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist " . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . No matter how far we travel to investigate a case , Amy and I gather our findings separately . I uncover the property 's history , exposing its past . Population 101 . I 'm on my way to meet a woman named Dawn . A few years ago , her Father took a job as a caretaker at an old hotel in the middle of nowhere . Now she says some crazy things are going on there and that the hotel itself seems to lash out at the people that stay there , except her Father . But he refuses to leave , and she thinks he 's in serious danger . Before Amy enters a location , I have to clear it of everything which could influence her findings . This hotel is very large , so it 's important I take my time to cover or remove all leading information . As I approach this location , I can already hear dead people speaking to me . They 're warning me about someone very dangerous who wanders these grounds . There 's a very large man .. That hangs around here . He 's , like , 7 feet tall . I don 't think anybody likes him . There are all these women kneeling on the ground . Really creepy . And they were crying and crying and begging , begging . So , Dawn , what 's going on in the resort here ? My Father is the caretaker of it . And I 'm concerned about his safety , being way out here in the middle of Alaska . Why ? We are having some really weird stuff happen . Okay , now what , you were just visiting him ? Yes . I actually live in Indiana . Okay . So what were some of the things that happened ? Two years ago , we came to visit my Father , and he put us up in here . We have rugs that flip over , and I 've seen doors open and close , footsteps coming up the stairs . What about the rugs ? I 've never heard that . Well , what happened is , we 'd leave the hotel , and when we would come back , the rugs would just be standing on end up against the door . So nobody came in , messed around , and then walked out ? And there 's .. No one else had access to it . That 's bizarre . This tall guy .. He knows how to move things and make things shake , make noises and things like that . I don 't like this . It makes me , uh , very uncomfortable . He wants me to stay away from here . He doesn 't want me around here . So , Dawn , what happened here ? My sister and I were down in the other room , watching TV , and we heard a door open . So we came up here , closed the door , went and sat down . No sooner sat down , we heard it open again . Now did you actually see it open ? Yes . The second time , we seen it open . Wow . Well , I have something else that is really crazy . We had also seen a 3-headed apparition . There was five of us who seen it , and all five of us seen something different . A 3-headed what ? It just had .. It had three heads . It looked like , um , Indian feathers . Some people seen a monkey face on it . To me , it looked like what a Reaper may look like . That 's bizarre . It was just looking at us . - Did you stay here that night ? - I did . That took a lotta guts . He might harm people . He shows himself to me like he 's , like .. Really tall , and he has this huge axe . I feel uncomfortable . Why ? I don 't like that stuff . Steve , this is the library here . Okay , so , uh , what happened up here ? This was a mess , so we were straightening the books , and we turned and there was an apparition standing over by door three . To me , it reminded me of a Grandmother figure . At first , we couldn 't even believe our eyes . We were trying to decide , should we run ? Are we seeing what we think we 're seeing ? And then when we looked back , it was gone . And what did she look like ? She had on a dress with a sweater over it . This is also where you would hear the footsteps coming up . I mean , how 's that make you feel , knowing your .. Your Father , who 's elderly , being here ? I 'm concerned for his safety . There 's a woman and a kid crying . Crying up here . They 're crying and crying and crying . She reminds me of , like , this .. German Grandmother . I think the Father wasn 't good to them , and would lock them away . So , Heather , I understand , uh , that you actually worked here at some point . Yeah , I worker here in 1989 for about 4 months . Did you ever experience anything ? I was standing out by the pool , and I looked up at the fourth floor window , and I saw a full figure , and it looked like a woman . And then when I looked up , it was gone . Anything else ? I just finished cleaning this room , and I set the furniture polish on the chair and then I realized I 'd forgot my rag , and as soon as I went to turn back around , it flew off the chair and went past me and hit the wall . Oh , so it didn 't just fall off the chair ? It went flying . It flew . You think whatever 's here is dangerous ? Yes . Your Father 's here . Are you afraid for him ? I do worry about him because it 's kind of a violent action , that something would fly at you like that . So I 've worried about him numerous times . Ugh . What 's wrong ? Just this big guy here . This big guy is in here . And he likes to .. Freak people out . What does he do ? He can throw things at people . He could throw something and hurt me . I see him angry and doing it . Throwing things about . And then I see him stumbling and drunk . He likes to bother the ladies mostly . - As far as living people ? - Yeah . Okay . Uh , because he , um .. Thinks they 're stupid and he hates them . Just this big guy here . Really doesn 't like women . He hates them .. Hates them . He hates them , hates them , hates them , hates them . He 's trying to interact with them now . He wants to hurt people . He does like to move beds . Well , what he can do is , can make it .. Evenly go up and down . Up , off the ground , and down again . I don 't like it . Now your daughter seems a little concerned about your safety . Yeah , I know they 're .. They 're always worried about what 's happening to me in here . The way I look at it is , it 's strange when a daughter worries about their Father . I mean , I should be worried about my .. My children . But , uh .. Anything that you can tell me about ? I .. I 've seen the doors slide open and slam shut . When they close , they just don 't close , Steve . I mean .. They slam . So , Bill , have you seen anything else ? I hear footsteps all the time . Up and down the steps . I hear it from the basement up here , too , at times . Your daughter , she mentioned .. Some bizarre thing with three heads on it . - Yeah . Right . - She said you saw it also . I saw it . Can you describe it ? It was almost 7 and a half feet high , because that 's probably what that ceiling is . Okay . And one head was stacked on another head . And then right here , there was , like , a monkey there but it was just the monkey 's head . It had arms , but it had feathers . So how do you feel about whatever 's here ? Whatever it is don 't like women . When women are here , it seems like it 's angriest . You all right ? - No . - What 's wrong ? What ? What 's wrong ? I don 't know . Like , there was a dead person that was , like , crawling up the stairs towards me , and it kinda creeped me out . Someone does not want me to go into the basement and is trying to scare me out of this place . There 's , like , something kind of standing guard down there . So , Bill , why 'd you bring me down here ? Well , I guess , uh , I feel that .. That the apparition or whatever it is is kind of .. Is always assisting me whenever I have projects . If I can 't find the part .. I 'll be looking for it and looking for it , and then I 'll just .. Out of nowhere , it 'll appear like on the shelf here . Where you 've looked already once today and didn 't find it . And so well .. When I come back , well I 'll go to another shop and look around , and it 'll appear where I was working on something . It 's happened numerous times to me . So it 's .. It 's just , uh , it helps me . Oh , the guy with the .. The axe does come .. He 's down here . He doesn 't like people to come down here . Why ? Mm .. He feels like .. He 's protecting stuff . Let me ask you a question . Bill , your daughter seems concerned about you , but you don 't seem too concerned . It seems like my daughters are always worried about me , but then again , I figure if it was doing .. If it was a bad .. Bad thing , I .. It wouldn 't be helping me . You know , it helps me out and then scares the girls . So , I mean , I don 't know , Steve . You gotta be prepared for Amy to say .. " You know , you 've got some issues here . You really shouldn 't be working here " . If I find out , yeah , this place is full of demons , I don 't think you 'd be seeing me around here . Mm , there 's screaming . It 's a lot like really rough screaming . Like a .. Howl . Like howling . Yeah , man , I 'm getting ( Bleep ) Weird ( Bleep ) . There are a lot of dead people in this house . So , Colette , I talked to , uh , your stepdaughter Dawn . And , uh , your husband Bill . And they said some pretty wild things are going on here . Are you concerned for anybody 's .. I don 't know , safety ? Yes , I do fear for their safety . What makes you say that ? I was in here washing the floor , and a bowl flew right off this .. Off the shelf right in front of me . When the bowl came off the shelf , how far did it go ? I 'd say about three feet . So three feet .. That means it didn 't fall off the shelf . No , it flew off the shelf . Okay . You know , I was talking to Dawn and Bill , and .. They told me a pretty bizarre sighting that they had of this .. Thing with three heads . Uh .. - Did you see that ? - Yes . Okay . Describe it to me . It had large feathers . - Okay . - There were three heads on it .. Two male heads , and a third .. Head was half monkey and half man . He glared like he wanted to kill me . This tall guy .. He 's learned how to go into people 's minds and find out what scares them , and then project that .. Back to them . I 'm starting to think the seven foot man is a shape-shifter . He 's able to change form and take on the likeness of people 's greatest fears . He might harm people . Why would he .. Would he do that ? Maybe if he felt like they were .. Gonna make him leave . So have you seen anything else you can 't explain ? I just arrived here one day and .. Walked in and looked over and .. Thought I had a small bear hiding in the lobby . He was about 3 feet tall . And , uh , so I had my forty-four with me .. And I was running over to it , and it took off and it .. Went through this little hole in the stairs . About that size . Okay . So I ran down there , scoured the basement .. There was nothing there . I do think there is some evil here . Pam , what 's the story with this place ? Uh , what 's this .. Is it for sale ? Is it not for sale ? It 's for sale . It 's been for sale for a long , long time , probably ten years or more . Now have you sold places like this before ? I 've sold lodges throughout the state of Alaska , yeah . Now do they sell pretty quick ? It doesn 't usually take ten years . Okay , so that 's unusual . I think so , yeah . Have you heard any stories about this place , as far it being haunted ? You know , e .. Ever since I started coming up here 35 years ago , I 've heard stories . - That long ? - Yes . Now do you know about any deaths that occurred in this place or around it ? With a place like this , there 's bound to have been lots of people die here . It 's been here since 1931 . It was built for the miners to come in from their gold mines to have food and recreation on the weekends . I feel like there 's , like , holes . There 's holes . There 's , like , all these men down here . They 're , like , digging down , working . Like , under the floor . It 's really , really hot in there . Working with Amy , I 've met lots of people who have experienced weird things , but nothing like this . I 'm driving 140 miles back down to Fairbanks to meet the 95-year-old owner of the hotel . Maybe he can give me some new information about the place . So , Bob , when did you buy the resort ? May of 1980 . Okay . Now let me ask you something . You closed it , right ? Yeah , in 2002 . Okay . W .. Why 'd you close it ? My age and I didn 't want to put up with any more managers . Now you 're trying to sell it ? Yeah . Why do you think you 're having a tough time selling it ? Ooh , they .. There 's getting a lot of stories floating ' around about it . Bill the caretaker up there .. Do you think he 's a good guy ? Oh , very , very honest . So if he says something may be going on , do you believe him ? Yes . Oh , yeah , very much so . Yeah . Okay . Have you ever heard any strange stories up there ? Oh , I 've heard ' em but then I .. I never paid much attention to ' em because I think about it and say .. " Ah , that 's a bunch .. Bunch of baloney about these ghosts " . All right , so you don 't think it 's haunted ? - No . - You don 't ? No . Okay , but there 's a of people saying a lot of things up there , right ? Yeah , that 's .. But it 's not true . Okay . While I 'm down in Fairbanks , I need to make use of the local library to get some background info on the hotel . As I 'm looking through the newspaper archives , something catches my eye .. A deadly helicopter crash involving a newly married bride . Her destination ? The Circle Hot Springs Resort . Ugh . There 's a woman . She has a dress on . Like , her .. She 's all messed up . I wanna learn more about the newlywed couple whose helicopter crashed near the hotel . I 'm headed over to meet with a local aeronautical expert who might be able to give me more information than the newspaper article did . During my investigation , I came across this article , uh , about a helicopter crash back in 2002 . It sounded pretty sad . It was bride . Do you like anything about it ? It was a local couple doing a , uh , wedding ceremony on one of the summits . She was a teacher . What happened was that they were finishing up the ceremony , the weather was moving in . As they were departing to take off and go back to Circle Hot Springs for the reception , they ended up crashing into the side of the hill . She 's not wearing anything very .. Distinct . It 's just white . What the ( Bleep ) Is she doing ? She 's , like , spinning ' . Like , she 's spinning . Her equilibrium is .. Out . She 's , like , falling down . Oh , ( Bleep ) . I feel , like , uh , blood . What would it feel like if they were going down and they knew it ? You assume everything 's all right , and then all of a sudden , you hit , and before you know it , it 's all over with . In a situation like this , they didn 't have any time to think about it . They .. They didn 't know what happened . Most of the guests didn 't even know anything had occurred . They discovered the crash site as they were driving back for the reception . Ohh . It 's like , really bad here , here . Bad . Bad . What happened ? What happened ? I don 't know . Sh .. Oh , my God . This is not good . Ah ! ( Bleep ) , she 's cold . Ah . One of the problems , though , up there , there 's .. There 's no ambulance service . There 's no Fire Department . There 's no hospital . There 's no cell phone coverage . So I think what they did is they piled them into cars and drove ' em back to Fairbanks .. - Aw , jeez . - And , um , to pronounce her dead at the hospital here in Fairbanks , you know . So if it wasn 't for the fact that they were in such a desolate area , she might 've made it . Definitely . She 's .. I think .. I think she wants help , but , like , nobody .. There is nobody .. I don 't know . There 's nobody , nobody , nobody . I .. I .. I know sh .. Sh .. Sh .. She 's dying . Yeah , she 's dying here . So far , all I 've uncovered about the property is a tragic helicopter crash . But my clients have a laundry list of paranormal encounters . I 'm hoping that by meeting with a local historian I can fill in some of the blanks . The Hot Springs were discovered in 1897 , and Frank Leach owned it as of 1924 with Emma Leach . The land .. He owns it and he built the Hot Springs Hotel . What year ? 1930 . What kind of a guy was he ? He was rather laid-back . Hard worker . He was very handy . Uh , he loved to build things . He built furniture for the hotel , things like that . What can you tell me about Frank 's wife Emma ? Emma was born in .. 1890 , and her maiden name was Gunz . And I think it may have been German . She , uh , she told him what to do . Quite often , you 'd hear her yelling at him . She was the boss , so she wasn 't , uh , thoroughly loved . And then there 's this other woman . She 's from overseas . She reminds me of like this .. German Grandmother . Does she have an accent ? Oh , yeah . She speaks another language . She 's just very set in her ways . Like , rough , very gruff .. Harsh , overbearing , and .. Just nasty . She threatened to push my head into the table . Apparently she doesn 't like me . That 's kind of how she is . Now did Frank and Emma stay in Alaska or did they move on ? Actually , they lived , uh , in a house behind the hotel .. - Okay . - Until the both of them died . And , uh , they 're buried in the Hot Springs Cemetery , behind the hotel . I saw several entities on my walk , but I decided to have a sketch artist draw the most prominent two . First , the seven foot-tall man . He was very muscular . Very , like , intimidating . He had a large .. Axe . Can you describe his face for me ? And the eyes squared , because they 're so deep . And then the angry woman . She had dark brown hair . It comes up like this and just goes back . What was the shape of her face ? Uh , it was kind of squared . She has very thin lips . She had very full cheeks and the were very high . Is this who you saw ? Yes . Over the last several days , Amy and I have conducted separate investigations . Now we 're going to reveal our findings to each other and our clients for the first time . Heather and Dawn don 't live here . Their Father Bill here , uh , takes care of the hotel . They 've experienced some pretty terrifying things here and they 're .. They 're worried about him , but he doesn 't want to leave . With that , I 'm gonna ask Amy to talk about her walk a little bit . During my walk , one of the individuals that I encountered is a female . Unfortunately , she 's stuck in her death state because her death was so traumatic that she hasn 't been able to move on . There 's a woman .. I feel , like , uh , blood . I think she 's dying . I saw her , like , bumping around the second floor because her equilibrium 's off . And she is very hurt and confused because she was calling out for help , and nobody was there to help her . About ten years , there was a newlywed couple who had taken their vows not far from here , and they were headed here to have the reception , to this place . Said " I do , " got into a helicopter . And she never made it to her reception . The helicopter crashed . She died . - Oh , my gosh . - Yeah . I mean , they were alone . She didn 't die right away . Head trauma and body trauma . I didn 't see a helicopter crash related to this woman and I never saw her face clearly . So I don 't know who she is , but I do know she doesn 't want to harm anyone in the hotel . What else happened during your walk ? Another individual that I encountered .. Was a very , very rough woman . Very tough um , she looked , like , German to me . She didn 't really like me very much . She 's just very overbearing . Like , reminded me of one of those overbearing Grandmother types . She 's just very set in her ways and dressed nasty . She threatened to push my head into the table . Heather , do me a favor and tell Amy about the apparition you did see . Um , I was outside by the pool . And I looked up at the fourth floor window by the library . And I saw kind of like a grandmotherly figure . Do you know the name Emma .. Emma Leach ? Emma married this guy Frank Leach . And , actually , Frank built this hotel in 1930 . Her maiden name is Gunz . She was German . She was overbearing , told her husband what to do . Pretty sure she died on the property , and she 's buried right up on the hill here . Wow . We did do a sketch of her . You did ? Well , I have a picture of Emma . This .. That 's Emma . Wow . Heather , what do you think ? I think there 's a lot of similarities , especially in the full chin . The nose . The nose was the most distinct . She didn 't like you ? I don 't think she likes anybody . She definitely doesn 't want to leave , that 's for sure . Like , this is her .. Her domain . So , Amy , what else did you encounter ? I encountered this very , very tall man . Who , definitely unnerved me . I did get that he 's not from here , um , but that he built a lot of things here . And this individual is very protective of an area in the basement . Uh , the workshop area . That 's , like , his .. His main place . Well , that sounds like Emma 's husband Frank , the guy that built this place . He actually built a lot of the furniture that 's in this place . - Really ? - Yeah , he was a handy guy . He 's a strange person . Well , he did die on the property and is buried right up on the same hill . He , um , he 's very advanced . He 's able to physically interact , so .. Shaking beds , making noise , and opening and closing doors . Heather , tell Amy what happened upstairs . I was cleaning one of the rooms on the second floor , and I had the furniture polish in my hand . I sat it on the chair . And so I turned around to get my rag . I grabbed it , and as soon as I turned back around to go towards the chair , it flew off and it went right past my face and hit the wall . You said the footsteps . He makes .. - He makes the noise . - Yeah . - You guys have all heard .. - Oh , yeah . Up and down the fire escape on the outside of the building . And there 's no .. No tracks on the snow , but you can hear him running up and down the stairs , the fire escape .. Boom , boom , boom , boom , boom . Boom , boom , boom , boom , boom . He 's very capable .. He .. He also tried to frighten me . The way that he presented himself to me .. Uh , was unnerving , to say the least . You gotta tell her about this 3-headed thing . What ? There 's five of us that have seen it , and we seen it at the same time . We all seen something different . Like , for instance , I 've seen what I thought would 've been maybe the Grim Reaper . He had seen a monkey head that I didn 't see . There was no emotion or nothing in the head . It had no eyes and everything . This was dark , black eyes . I mean , I was very scared . That bothers me , when they have enough strength to do that , to be able to read your mind .. And see what scares you . And then become that . Well , it 's funny you mention that because Bill 's wife Colette .. Uh , who I had spoken to , she had an incident where .. She saw what she thought was a black bear in here . Because she assumed she 'd caught it sleeping out here . She caught it right over there in this corner . - Oh ! - She was going for her fourty-four and starting to pull it out , and then all of a sudden it turned into , like , a changeling . And went down one of them holes over here . But the changeling , Amy , that 's .. That 's what 's freaking us out . I did , um , have a sketch done .. Of him . Is that the second sketch you did ? - Yes . - Okay . Oh . That 's .. That would scare me . I wanted you to notice the eyes . He really hates women . I did have a sketch done .. Of him . Is that the second sketch you did ? - Yes . - Okay . Oh . I got chills when I started looking at it . One of the things that bothers me was what you said about .. The eyes being two big , black , gaping holes . Yeah , these are the black eyes that I seen in the 2-headed thing . Exactly like that . That 's what it made you see ? Mm . I feel that there 's two things going on . One , it 's very unnerving .. To not be able to look at someone 's eyes . You can 't gauge them . You don 't know what 's going on . So it gives you a feeling of disorientation . And the biggest thing with him was that .. He actually really hates women . Like , he wouldn 't really talk to me because I was just a girl . Oh , wow . - I said that , too . Remember ? - Yep . I said the only ones who are having problems it seems , like Amy in this .. This area here is the women . The men .. He has no problem there . But the women , he just does not like them . Bill , isn 't it true that whatever 's here you told me is kinda helping you out , helping you find things and stuff like that ? He 's quite the assistant . Yes , he is . The odd thing is , the only time you ever saw something remotely scary .. Was when you were with four other women . - Yes . Yep . - Ohh . Yep . - Oh , yeah . That makes sense . - Mm-hmm . Yeah , it was me and four women , so .. Wow . You 're hitting a lot on the head , Amy . Well , guys , you 've seen what Amy and I have uncovered about the hotel . But the reason you called us in , the most important question is , is it safe for your Father here to stay on as a caretaker ? Um , so with that , I 'm gonna ask Amy if she can answer that question for us . Well , I think it 's safe for your Father .. Because you 're male . Uh , but , you know , it 's .. It 's kind of unsettling for when you daughters visit . What you can do is .. Have a talking with him . Um , about bothering females . And kind of laying down the law . " If there 's females here , you just leave ' em alone " . " No interaction , or " .. " You 're gonna have to go " . Do you think his talking-to is gonna stop that for his girls ? What can be done to ensure their safety when they 're here ? They know now who the people are , so they can call them out by name . So you believe these sketches are Frank and Emma Leach ? Oh , yeah . You know , Bill 's going to lay down the law . Like , " if you wanna stay here , these are the terms and conditions " . " You don 't mess with any women " . " You don 't disrespect them , " and so on and so forth . And then you guys coming in , being like , " we 're not gonna tolerate this " . And if you do anything , you know the consequences , " which will be banishment , basically . And they do not want that . Most people don 't realize that entities can remain at a location because they are allowed to . But if they start causing problems , you can put your foot down and demand that they leave . How do you feel knowing all this now ? Do you feel better ? You feel worse ? I feel better knowing that it 's nothing against men and knowing that he 'll be okay . However , it 's a little upsetting that .. It has something against us . Well , not personally , but women , just because .. I .. I enjoy coming over to the Hot Springs and we have fun when we stay here .. Until all that started happening . So , I think , Dad , you need to have a talk . Yeah . As one man to another . - Mm-hmm . - Yeah . Right . We 're buddies so let 's keep it that way . And , you know , like , well .. Okay . I 'm gonna hold you to that . - I will . - Doing it to protect your daughters . Yeah . I can relate to Dawn and Heather 's fears . When you 've encountered such an angry presence , it 's terrifying . But as long as Bill follows the advice I 've given him , his family should remain safe . Subs created by : David Coleman .
