 Subs created by : David Coleman . He is a very bad man . Where is he right now ? He got 30 years in jail . He 's killed people . She was murdered , and it was never solved . He was white , and he was covered with sweat . Why are they here ? This thing is just playing out over and over . They conducted the autopsy right on the property ? A gruesome day . Uh .. The house might lash out at them . I don 't want to be in here . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner .. I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end . It 's bad . And we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I conduct our investigations independently . We never cross paths or share any of our findings with one another until the very end . Hopefully between the two of us , we can find some answers for our client . The trouble is , he spent his entire childhood terrified of that house , seeing and hearing things no one can explain . To this day , he 's convinced the house is haunted and needs to know if he and his family need to get out . Even though I haven 't opened yet and invited the dead to speak with me , I started picking up on flashes of death in the area . Lots of energy going on . I 'm also feeling like there was some kind of nasty illness that just one of them had . I feel like I may throw up . Before Amy begins her walk , I clear the location of any photographs which might influence her . Old houses like this one can be difficult because over the years residents tend to accumulate a lot of personal photos . But once they 're removed , Amy can begin her walk . Someone is saying something happened to it bad .. Bad .. And a lot of , uh , dead people are very unhappy about it . And there 's dead people that are miserable , uh , angry , uh , confused . The whole thing 's a fricking mess . So , Ryan , it 's good to finally meet you in person . You as well . Now you 're a grad student , am I correct ? Yeah , I came back home to take a medical leave . Why am I here ? Basically , you 're here to provide me some answers that I 've been seeking for quite a while . This house has unusual noises . You know , sometimes when people aren 't there , my family and I will hear things . But the actual seeing of what 's here . Has just singled me out for some reason . I would tell people what I heard or what I saw , you know , and there was a lot of skepticism . And I just would like to know , you know , is this stuff gonna keep happening the way it did when I was younger ? There 's , like , one uh , older man .. And , uh , I get the name Charles or Charlie . He really liked it here . He likes to futz around and fix things . Do you think anybody , uh , is experiencing anything here , that lives here ? They can sometimes hear the noises from the old man fixing things . But he can 't breathe . His death is weird , and I think it is heart-related . When I was about 15 , I was sleeping , and all of a sudden I just wake up , you know .. Just in a second , and I see a young woman , probably early 20s , late teens , and she appeared to have , like , a , uh , Victorian-style dress . The best way to describe it is like a misty fog . You didn 't get a color of hair or anything like that ? It was definitely dark . Okay . I had , um , recently been in an auto accident , and maybe a month or two after I 'd been home , I started having this upsetting dream . The woman that I had seen by the bed said , " you were just in an auto accident . " " If you don 't want to help me , your little brother is next . " I mean , I was terrified , and I started screaming , but nothing was coming out . There 's a female here . She has long brown hair . She 's young . Uh , she 's probably , like , 15 . She 's yelling . She 's screaming . There 's a lot of fighting . She 's unhappy . " Aah . They don 't understand me . Aah . " It 's kind of like that teenage angst . Okay , so , Ryan , what happened here ? I was home alone , um , and I started hearing someone coming up the stairs . I come out to greet who I thought was gonna be my Mom or whoever , and it was the same woman that I had seen previously . She turned , she looked at me , looked forward again and then proceeded to walk on straight . - So she said nothing to you . - No , didn 't say a word . What do you know about the house ? It 's a pretty well-known house in the area . There was a young woman who used to live in this house . She was murdered , and I know they implicated her boyfriend , but they still haven 't determined who the killer was . Really ? I just want to have , you know , closure and understand if something 's here , you know , who is it , you know , why are they here . When she 's walking up and down the stairs , sometimes you hear footsteps from a girl . Her essence has been seen . The younger girl .. Is stressed out and angry . Like acting .. Like this thing is just playing out over and over and over again . Robin , I spoke with Ryan your son .. Mm-hmm . And he told me about a specific incident in his bedroom where he got woken up in the middle of the night . Can you tell me anything about that ? I woke up to a scream probably trying to get out , and I ran into Ryan 's room , and he just .. He was white , and he was covered with sweat . And he held onto me , and he was 15 , and 15-year-old boys don 't hold on to their mothers and not let go . Did you ever see anything in the house ? Well , I was in the kitchen with my son Ryan , and we were discussing whether we should have you come and investigate what 's going on here , and then a pie plate flew out of this cupboard and smashed on the floor . The house is different . Mm .. It 's disturbing . Uh , it 's not good . Angry . Disturbed . The house is angry . I feel like the house might lash out at them . Sometimes structures have an identity all their own , and I feel that this house has one that is extremely disturbing . The house is angry . Why ? Because they damaged its heart . They ruined it . Janet , thanks for meeting with me . You know the house I 'm investigating . You had told me you house-sat there back in the ' 80s . Yes . Was there anything that happened while you were there that you can 't explain ? Yes . There were some things that would never happen in a normal house . - What kind of things ? - When I was taking the trash outside , the light in the attic flicked on . - Were you there alone ? - Yes . Okay . Was there anything else that happened while you were house-sitting ? I was on the phone in the living room , and the phone in the kitchen rang . And there 's only one line in the house ? Yes . There 's no cell phones , so .. There were no cell phones and no party lines . Did you know anything about what happened at that house ? Yeah , everyone knows about the Nellie Cropsey house . Nellie Cropsey and her family had lived there . She had disappeared off the front porch , and then I 'd heard that she 'd been found in the river , and she was murdered , and it was never solved . Would you live there ? No . I know this might be weird , but I have to do it . My spirit guides are telling me to lie down . I never second-guess them , because they help me communicate with the dead . Someone is saying , " there is blood . " She pointed to the other man and said .. " He 's a very bad man . " Up there . Uh .. Ryan knows that a girl that lived in this house was murdered about 100 years ago , but why would she be begging for his help ? Maybe she wants her killer to be identified . So I 'm going to meet a Professor who literally wrote the book on this case to see if I can get some answers . One of William Cropsey 's daughters was very lovely , the spirited Nell Cropsey , and she began seeing Jim Wilcox . And they 'd been seeing each other for three years when we get to the night of her disappearance , November 20 , 1901 . It 's a family that sadness seemed to strike . After Nellie 's death , Nell 's sister Ollie became reclusive , and she suffered colon cancer , a very painful death . Sickness , like , right here really hits hard . Somebody definitely had , like , cancer . This is a female . Just a really bad feeling right here . I 'm experiencing everything this young woman felt . The nausea and pain she endured was overwhelming , and now I 'm feeling it myself . Oh , I feel so sick up here . So , um .. I feel so sick up here . Somebody definitely had , like , cancer .. Very sick . So the night she goes missing , she 's here with her sister .. Yes . - And Jim Wilcox . - Right . Jim Wilcox got up to go home . Nell had hardly paid him any attention that whole evening , and he asked if he could see her out in the hall to say good night , and Ollie , Nell 's older sister , nodded that that was all right . And a little later on Ollie came out in the hall . There was no Nell or Jim , and fairly soon it became apparent that Nell had disappeared . Um .. Like , she felt trapped , um .. Trapped . Um .. And , uh , you know , she wants to be free . Uh , she 's just pissed and , uh .. You know , she was always fighting and fighting and fighting . The man and the woman went off together . Did they ever find her ? 37 days after Nell Cropsey went missing , she was found out here , straight out in the Pasquotank River . - Right across from the house . - Right offshore , yes . They brought her body up to a building out back of this house for an all-day autopsy . They conducted the autopsy right on the property ? Yes , Sir , with an audience of a couple thousand people . - Can you show me where ? - Yes , right around back . They turned this into a .. A morgue of sorts . They laid Nell Cropsey out here and brought in their tools .. Scalpel , saw .. And conducted a two part all-day autopsy . The coroner 's report said that Nell Cropsey came to her death by being struck on the temple and by being drowned in the Pasquotank River . Notes of a gruesome day . Were people just like , " he did it , " and that 's it ? Many , many people thought he did it , and he was tried and convicted on pretty circumstantial evidence . Well , Bland , now that you say that , what were , uh , some of the other theories that they had ? There are an awful lot of people here in this community who have believed that .. Uh , Nell 's own father killed her . The ice bill for the Cropseys went up , and the gruesome conclusion that a lot of people made , uh , was that they were keeping her body on ice . And the uh .. The other theory , uh , really was that she committed suicide . This goes with Jim 's report that he had broken up with her . She 's upset . She 's crying on the porch . What does she do ? She runs down a pier and throws herself into the river . I just see this guy , uh , picking off , uh , tools . " Cut them up . " With what ? Knives , different knives . I see just people laying . Like bodies . Female . A lady . And I like he 's killed people . I get , like , a creepy guy in here . He 's a pervert .. And I think he 's killed people . Ryan says a young girl whose murder was never solved is begging him for help and scaring the hell out of him . Hopefully finding out who killed this young girl will bring everyone some peace . And now that I 've got Nell Cropsey 's autopsy report , I can meet with a forensic pathologist to see if I can get some real answers . Doctor , I sent you the report . You had a chance to look at it ? Yes , I did . You know , the defense said that she committed suicide . Do you see suicide here ? I don 't see any indications of suicide in this report . I don 't think it was drowning . Uh , her lungs aren 't filled with water . What we do have is this glaring mark on the neck , probably due to strangulation . Doctor , if Nell Cropsey was strangled , what was it like for her ? She would have felt intense pain as her neck was being compressed , probably would have felt her hyoid bone snapping . And smothering , strangle , smothering , smothering , smothering . Hmm . Her neck , I mean , it really cracked . She snapped her neck . After meeting with the medical examiner , I 'm convinced Nell did not commit suicide . She was murdered . With Jim Wilcox behind bars and Nell 's body discovered 37 days later , the question is , who did it ? So I 'm going to meet with a marine scientist who helpfully can help me figure out a few things . Dr. Luettich , a lot of people think that Nell 's father had something to do with her murder . Nobody believes that her body could have been floating in this river for 37 days and gone unnoticed . They assume she got dumped in the river right before she got discovered . They also say that Jim Wilcox couldn 't have committed the murder because he was in jail when the body was discovered right by the house . How is that possible with this river ? Now I went and looked at the weather records uh , from 1901 , and there were several cold fronts that came through . Those probably had North winds , which would have sent her body downriver . The bottom of this river , uh , no telling what 's down there . That could have hung her up . It would have made it real hard to find her while they were trying to dredge the river . Apparently in this case , her body was not decomposed , and that 's what got people thinking that she couldn 't have been in the water that long . Well , the temperatures were cold , and at that time of year , the sea life that is in the river are probably fairly dormant . So you 're saying it 's very possible that she was in the river this whole time . Uh , very possible . Everything in my investigation points to Jim Wilcox being the killer . But something tells me that this story doesn 't end with his trial , so I 'm going to the Courthouse to meet with a local historian to see if she could provide me with more details . What can you tell me about the trial ? Jim was convicted of second degree murder , and he got 30 years in jail . But he only did 16 years . Governor Bickett decided to pardon him . Why does he get pardoned ? The governor felt that after 16 years , he had been punished enough . - And he comes back to Elizabeth City ? - He comes back to Elizabeth City . What can you tell me about Jim Wilcox ? What kind of guy was he ? Jim was , um , kind of a strange guy . He was eccentric in his behavior . He always had been . He became an alcoholic . His life just got worse and worse . In 1934 , Jim Wilcox put a shotgun under his chin and pulled the trigger . Can you see his face ? I see him . Where is he right now ? Up there in the hole . He 's laying on the floor , and he 's masturbating and drooling . He gets overexcited . I think he killed the women , female , female . I don 't want to be in here . Three people who were at the Cropsey house the night Nell disappeared ended up committing suicide . One of them , of course , was , um , Jim Wilcox . In 1908 , the sister Ollie 's gentleman caller that evening , Roy Crawford , he apparently went crazy and shot himself to death . Um , in 1913 , um , Nell 's brother Will killed himself by drinking Carbolic Acid in front of his wife and child . After Nell 's murder , the sister Ollie , she continued to dress in the Gibson girl style of 1901 . She was frozen in time , the year of her sister 's death . And she died of colon cancer , I believe . So , there 's a lot of tragedy attached to the whole case . It wasn 't just the death of one young beautiful girl . It affected several other lives . The young girl I saw on my walk was one of the most scared , angry , and frustrated I 've ever encountered , so I decided to meet with a sketch artist and recreate how she appeared to me . - Her face was oval . - Mm-hmm . Tell me about her eyes . She kind of had doe eyes . They were dark . The nose ? It 's so hard to explain it . - Like , delicate . - Mm-hmm . Okay . What do you think ? That 's the girl . Amy and I haven 't spoken to each other since we started this investigation .. So tonight we 'll be hearing each other 's findings for the first time . Amy , the reason we were called in is because Ryan as a child and a teenager was tormented in this house . Uh , for a long time , and .. He went away for school . Now that Ryan 's back in the house , he wants to know if it 's safe for him to stay in the house or if it 's not . That being said , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy and just have her describe what she saw on her walk . Well , the .. The first person I encountered was an elderly gentleman by the name of Charlie . And what he does here is he likes to fix things . It could be a little , um , creepy at times , because what he does can sometimes be heard . You hear things in the house , don 't you ? You know , you 'll hear , you know , just really weird noises that wouldn 't happen . The other thing that I encountered was a female . And uh , sometimes when I do my walks , I , like , merge with them , and she was suffering from cancer . Like , there was somebody here who was really sick . I feel like my body is falling apart . And I feel like I want to throw up all the time . So I was feeling , like , nauseous , dizzy . I wanted to pass out . I was just horribly , horribly , horribly ill . And this actually made my walk very hard to do . So did she give her name ? No . I was in her body , she was in my body , kind of a thing . Well , there was a woman a long , long time ago .. Her name was Ollie Cropsey .. - And she died of colon cancer . - Oh . - But she spent .. - Wow . Most of her painful life from the cancer in this house . I also came across um , another female , and she was between um , 15 and 19 . And this was on the second floor . And she .. Is full of anger , depression , and fear . She 's yelling . She 's screaming . There 's a lot of fighting . She 's unhappy . Like , she 's coming in here and slamming the door . And she was involved with a male and was having a hard time with him , because she was always fighting . That 's who I saw , was a young .. A young lady , and she was in the corner of the room , and she called my name twice , and she said , " help me . Why won 't you help me ? " Like , she was , like , on the verge of crying almost . And that 's when I just screamed as loud as I could , and my Mom rushed in . She had I had , like , a death grip on my sheets . And the minute she came to me , I held her , and I wouldn 't let her go . This is probably the main reason we 're here . The thing about this house is back in 1901 uh , a family lived here called Cropsey . They had a daughter named Nell Cropsey who on a November night was here with her boyfriend Jim Wilcox . And her sister and her boyfriend . Her sister Ollie is .. That 's her sister , - the one that had the colon cancer . - Oh , okay . Nell Cropsey , later that night , went out on the front porch with her boyfriend , and she disappeared . When I first met her , what I felt was the neck snap . Initially , I was like , hmm , you know , maybe she hung herself , because I knew with all the emotions , but I feel people who have hung themselves , usually it 's strangulation . It doesn 't snap the neck . I may be able to clear it up a little bit . Um , Nell Cropsey was the girl I told you went .. - Disappeared when she went on the porch . - Mm-hmm . They found her 37 days later in the water . I got a hold of the autopsy report , the original . She had a bruising on her head that they blamed for her cause of death . I 've seen 1,000 autopsies . That contusion was not enough to kill her . She also didn 't drown . She was dead when she hit the water . That being said , they did the autopsy from her clavicle down . They never did from the neck up . In my opinion .. And I met with a forensic pathologist on this . We both came to the same conclusion .. She was probably strangled to death . So , Amy , you did a sketch of the girl you saw . - Yes . - Okay . - She .. She looks a little annoyed . - Angry . - She .. She looks a little annoyed . - Angry . Wow . I 'm shaking . It 's okay . Just take a deep breath . Is that the girl you saw by your bed ? Yeah . I got pictures of Nell Cropsey . What do you think ? I mean , the face shape is .. Is point on . When I saw her , she was , like , storming past me , and it was very brief , and I pretty much only got one side of her face , so this was really hard to do for me . - She 's done that to me . - Okay , yeah . She did a quick look like that and just kept .. Kept going , - didn 't say a word to me . - Mm-hmm . How do you feel that somebody else saw a woman in the house ? A lot better . Every time I would tell my stories of what I saw , there were very few that actually believed me . Yeah . That was very hard , growing up . So the next person that I encountered was outside in the shed . He was disgusting . He was a sexual predator . I just see this guy , a uh pervert . Picking off , uh , tools . And I think he 's killed people . I see just people laying , a lady . Do you think he killed somebody , or do you think he was trying to come across .. Oh , no . He definitely killed at least one woman . The man I saw in the shed bragged about being a ruthless killer . He took pride in claiming his victims . He was a monster . The man who 's in the shed , I think he killed her . Oh . It 's interesting you mention the shed . Jim Wilcox is the guy that got sent to jail for her murder . - Okay . - This guy got arrested and was in prison when they recovered her body out in the river . Amy , do you think the guy in the shed is Jim Wilcox ? I don 't know . I don 't know the name of the dead man in the shed , and I couldn 't see his face clearly enough to sketch him . What I do know is he claimed to have killed the dead woman lying on the floor . A part I didn 't tell you until now is they brought her body to the shed to do an autopsy . Oh , wow . Okay . So Jim Wilcox is , uh , convicted of murder and gets 30 years . He gets pardoned by the governor in 1918 . In 1934 , Wilcox blows his brains out with a shotgun . Pardon or no pardon , I 'm convinced Wilcox did this murder . He strangled Nell in anger , panicked , and threw her body into the river . I 've seen it 100 times . As far as I 'm concerned , there 's no mystery about how Nell died . Ryan , you 've seen the results of our investigation . You heard everything we uncovered . But the big pressing question is , is it safe for you and your family to stay here ? Mm-hmm . With that , I have to turn it over to Amy . Um , so basically there 's some good news , and then there 's some bad news , but we 'll start with the good news first . The elderly man Charlie 's a really nice guy . I think he was a priest or a preacher , um , very religious and , um , just for some reason has an attachment here . No problems with him . The killer outside in the shed .. You can kick him out . ( Speaking indistinctly ) You just tell him to get out of the house , and he 's not allowed in here . And then the younger girl .. Her soul is no longer here . You may have , at some point , moved her on , and there 's just this residual imprint of that emotional state that she was in . It 's something that you can do and not even know you 're doing it . Maybe when you were asleep , at some point you .. - Mm-hmm . - Helped her go . I 've had a lot of bizarre dreams about her . - Really ? - Yeah . I was sitting in the kitchen , and she would come down the hallway , and she would just say , " I really want you to help me . " " If you don 't help me .. " " You got in a car accident . " " Your brother could be next . " And I don 't .. It really scared me , because I had that dream every night for two and a half months . That might be something else . - Really ? - Yeah . Here 's the bad news . The problem is the house . - My house ? - Yeah . Taking on her image and threatening you that way . The house has its own identity . And this house is angry . Like , the other structures that I 've dealt with that have had this either burn down or are demolished . It 's just like they 're not meant to really be lived in . - Basically the house doesn 't want us here . - Yeah . You know , it 's funny you say that , because there 's a lot of death actually attracted to the house . The night Nell went missing , everybody 's lives got changed . Nell got murdered . Wilcox gets convicted , then kills himself afterwards . Nell 's younger brother actually committed suicide by drinking Carbolic Acid in front of his wife and kids . What ? Ollie winds up with colon cancer . She dies . Ollie 's boyfriend killed himself also . I would just like to know what are some precautions that we could take . I mean , would it help having a priest come in and bless the house ? There 's really not anything you can do . So my concern is , like , illnesses in this house being a major issue . - Mm-hmm . - Mm-hmm . You know , if you are feeling ill , if it 's an unusual illness , I would actually leave and go to a friend 's house or another relative to recover . Ryan and his family have finally found some closure , knowing their experiences with the dead people are real , but that knowledge comes with a price . Their next move is really up to them . Death revolves around this house . I don 't exactly know why , but I do feel that no one should live here ever . Subs created by : David Coleman .
