 Subs created by : David Coleman . There 's a lot of screaming . Secrets were buried . You can hear , like , an echo in the ground . The land is tainted . There 's something right over my shoulder . He was like a tyrant . He liked to hang people . Definitely there were people who died on this land . He was shot . I just see blood . He made a mistake and he paid the ultimate price . Now they 're gonna get her . Bad things happened . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I conduct our investigations separately . interview the witnesses , and see if there 's any correlation to Amy 's experiences . We 're down in Cartersville , Georgia . I got contacted by a woman named Cynthia , who just this year moved into her dream house with her husband and her three boys . Problem is , they 're starting to see apparitions , they 're hearing things , and there 's stuff going missing in the house . The whole family 's terrified . So I 'm going over there to meet her now , see what I can find out about it . Before I get to a location , I enter a meditative state . I call this opening because it allows me to open up and receive information from the dead . There 's this big guy . Like , he might be 6-foot , but , like , he might be taller . He 's a big guy . And he 's standing by two graves . And then I could hear , like , screaming . Damn it . Before Amy enters a location , I go in and either cover or remove anything that can influence her findings . This house is filled with a lot of personal items , so it 's important that I take my time to remove everything . Once I clear the house , Amy can begin her walk . They 're upset . Who are " they " ? The dead people . This is not good . Now , Cynthia , you said you were in the house about five months . - Mm-hmm . - Okay , what happened that made you think there was something wrong ? Loud stomps in our bedroom , women weeping , apparitions . Things that set the whole house a little on edge . Now you gotta be frightened for your kids , I would think . Definitely . We just wanna make sure that everybody 's okay here . When was the first time that something unusual happened to you in the house ? Right off the bat when I started sleeping here , I realized I was hearing a child cry . It was just a very deep sob . It was loud enough to me that it would wake me . There are young people . There were children . Seeing all these children . And they 're running and hiding , running and hiding , because they 're afraid of something .. Happening to them . They 're running and hiding because they 're afraid that they 're gonna get hurt . But you don 't know by what ? No . You explained on the phone about .. Things missing in the house . Things that go missing are very frequently in the upstairs bedroom . My husband things .. He 'll place them on his side of the bed , and they 'll magically be on my side of the bed in the morning . There 's a .. Person who 's stealing things . He 's still here . My youngest son played hide-and-go-seek with a couple of little children outside that we never could find . And the neighbors informed us that there are no children that live in this area . There 's , like , running children . Running , and children are running . They were kind of , like , devious . They would just play pranks and stuff , like , I think to get attention . For some reason , it makes them feel like they 're alive . I wanna ask them why they 're here , but they won 't answer me . I don 't know who 's taking stuff because I don 't really see the kids taking anything . I wanted to blame them , but I don 't know who 's taking these things . So what do you know about the house ? The main legend with this house is that in the ' 20s , there was a Sheriff that lived here , and he , um , he liked to hang people , - and .. - Wait , wait . Come again with that ? He was hanging black men outside the window in the kitchen . Okay , so there was this man . He 's thin . This is not the big guy . He says , " oh , so you 're here to talk to me , are you ? " Maybe he was the owner at some point . Bad things happened . - Mm . - You all right ? This room just kinda .. It 's a little much for me . I can see that . Your whole demeanor just changed . Yea . Take a deep breath , relax . I 'm here . I 'll go in . All right , I 'll go into the room . Okay . So this is the room you consider evil ? Or .. Yes . Yeah , this was my art studio . I managed to work in here maybe two weeks , and .. I was working on something , then all of a sudden , my heart started racing and my face flushed and I 'm sweating and I couldn 't breathe , and I just .. I had to get out . There 's something right over my shoulder just saying , " get out of here . " " You 're .. You 're in my way . You 're in my space . " " This is mine , and you need to go somewhere else . " There 's also a female that 's involved . Her head was messed up , so maybe she had depression . She would go outside in the garden and cry . All the time , crying . You had mentioned something about the top of the staircase . Almost everyone has encountered just feeling like there was someone there with you on the staircase , and your hair on your arms will stand up . It 's a woman presence , like a .. A .. A sad feeling . She wanted to get out of the .. Situation that she was in . I 'm hearing .. I 'm hearin ' .. What are you hearing ? - Mm . Oh , God . - Well , what are you hearing ? Uh , " murder . " So here 's the thing about this place . There 's a lot of energy here , but it 's not being .. Revealed , and that 's really frustrating to me . Sometimes when an entity knows I 'm in the vicinity , it 'll try to obstruct my senses . And that 's what I 'm experiencing right now . Someone or something does not want me to know what has really happened here . There is a lot of interference going on , and I 'm not exactly sure where it 's coming from . But I feel like .. It 's another dead person . The large figure appears here pretty regularly . Does it wake you up ? Or you 're awake first and then .. No , it wakes me . When I 'm asleep , he 'll be beside the bed . And if I have any skin exposed , I 'll have an icy cold touch or .. You know , he 'll .. He 'll pet me , and I .. I don 't understand that . How do you sleep at night ? I don 't . There 's , like , someone .. I think it 's a male , and it 's a dark figure . And this is the entity . He .. Doesn 't want anybody to know about him . - Mm-hmm . - So he hides . The accident being seen .. They don 't want to be seen ? No . Big , big , big , big , big mistake . But it 's happened , and this is not good . So , Ben , I was talking to your wife Cynthia , and she explained some pretty bizarre things going on in the house . What about you ? You had any issues ? When we first moved in , I fell asleep on the sofa , watching a movie . And when I woke up in the middle of the night , there was this large , 6-foot-5 guy that was just standing over me . Did you think it was an intruder ? At first I did , because , I mean , all I could see was this .. Like , a shadow figure . Mm . And when I seen it , it gave me the chills , it creeped me out , and I ran upstairs . She 's having some weird things happen to her . I mean , she 's getting touched . Yeah , that 's what 's got me worried the most , is if she 's getting touched . You know , I don 't want the kids to experience it and stuff . I had a dream that I actually sat down at the kitchen table and had a cup of coffee with the guy . And in that dream , he had told me that the house that is sitting here right now wasn 't the house originally . That 's a little odd . How about the rest of the house here ? Any .. Any strange things ? My worst part 's the outside . Really ? I used to do landscaping and working a lot of cemeteries . It almost gives me that same eerie feeling of walking through a grave-site or something . I kinda know what the ground is supposed to feel like .. - Okay . - And .. It just feels hallowed . I don 't understand that . You can actually almost hear , like , an echo in the ground when you 're walking . They 're upset because their secrets were buried . There was a lot of stuff covered up under their land , buried under the ground here . And there was a lot of screaming . Um .. So you don 't know why ? Or .. Well , they 're getting murdered . I 'm meeting with Cynthia 's former tenant Julian . She tells me he got scared and left the house after just a couple of months . Julian , can you explain to me what happened to you when you were here ? There was one night , it was , like , my first real time being at the house by myself for basically the whole day . All of a sudden , I heard a really loud thud . It made me think at first somebody was in the building . You know , somebody had went through the window or something . So I grabbed my gun and I started looking around and I never found anything . So you never found where exactly the sound came from ? No , I sure didn 't . And when you were searching , did you actually hear it again or was it just the one time ? It was just that one time . I mean , you 're frightened about the house ? Yeah . Honestly , yeah . I felt kind of frightened . Did you leave after that ? Yeah , I sure did because it felt like there was somebody watching me on the back of my head that didn 't want me there , so I left . Now Cynthia 's got three little boys . You think it 's safe for them to stay here ? No , because , you know , there is something here . What do you think it is ? It 's hard to say what it is . There 's definitely something . I looked .. I looked around , everything of my best of knowledge to try to come up with a logical explanation , and there wasn 't any . How do the dead interact with the living , Amy ? Noises . The noises are definitely the kids . Know that . The kids are making the noise with the floors and the stairs and the this and the this . I know it 's the kids . I think they 're the ones who make stuff move . They know how to do that . So what .. What sort of things do they do ? Knock something over . I went to the Courthouse to do a little research , and I found that a Chief of Police did in fact live in Cynthia 's house in the 1920s . According to his death certificate , he was fatally shot . I 'm assuming he was killed on the job . Now I have to find out who killed him and why . Chief , I 'm doing a background investigation on a home , and I came across some records that indicated he was a Police Chief and that he was murdered . I figured the only people that would really know about that , being a former Detective myself , would be the police in town . Do you know anything about that case ? It 's Chief Joe Ben Jenkins . He was 65 when he was shot and had been Chief for 12 years . The land was always tainted . Things were always messed up in this area . And that 's why people are mean to each other , you know , do bad things , because the people that were murdered here .. It was a bad situation . Definitely there were people who died on this land . Where was he murdered ? He was murdered outside his residence . - He got shot at his house ? - At his house , yeah . The land is tainted . It was a bad situation . Definitely there were people who died on this land . This is a picture of Chief Joe Ben Jenkins . He was murdered outside his residence . Do you know anything else about him ? He had six children , some of them , I believe , were still fairly young at the time of his death . Some of the kids would 've been home when this happened . Yeah , they could 've been . Was he coming home from work ? What .. What were the circumstances ? He went outside to deal with two black males .. A man named John Willie Clark and his brother , who were parked outside in , uh , what ultimately turned out to be a stolen car . What 's the story with him ? Did he work in the area ? He was an escapee from a Murray County work camp . So he was in a stolen car , sitting outside the Chief 's home , drinking . The Chief went outside , apparently , to arrest him . John Willie Clark attempts to crank his car and leave . The Chief retrieves his pistol , and as he 's pulling them out of the car , a struggle ensues over the pistol . - Okay . - And during that fight , a round is fired and hits Chief Jenkins under the eye , goes into his brain , kills him instantly . So he gets killed outside the house , fighting over his gun .. And then they fled the scene . Okay , so they .. They leave , and I 'm assuming now there 's a manhunt for John Willie Clark and his brother . Quite a number of people were out . In fact , the Mayor and the County Commissioner had put up a $ 1,000 reward , which would 've been significant at the time , during the depression . Wow . I wasn 't expecting this . It 's 1930 . It 's prohibition . They 're in a stolen car , they 're drinking , and they 're in front of the Chief of Police 's house . Do you know if John Willie Clark had any interaction with the Police Chief prior to going to jail ? Yes . He 's pretty pale-looking , and he 's wearing a very nice suit or something , and it 's dark . He 's .. A little threatened . I think that he was kind of like a tyrant kind of guy . Very controlling . He was .. He was .. He was controlling . He was controlling . I 'm about to meet with the City Attorney David Archer . He 's the town 's unofficial historian . I already know about Chief Jenkins . Now I need to learn about the other part of the story .. John Willie Clark , the murderer . John Willie Clark was driving a stolen vehicle . There was a uh , pretty widespread hunt for him , but he disappeared for several days . Now if I read correctly , he gets shot during the manhunt ? Yeah , someone shot him in the leg , and he was given medical treatment before the Sheriff brought him to the Bartow County Jail . A group of people went to the jail . There were 40 to 50 individuals that had masks on . They opened the cell .. They told John Willie Clark to , uh , come with ' em . They took him downstairs , they bound him , and the next morning , John Willie Clark was found hanging . John Willie Clark , uh , obviously knew Cartersville a little bit because he had been arrested here a few times . Apparently . You know , the police force in Cartersville at that time consisted of four officers plus the Chief . - It wasn 't a real big force . - Mm . It could be that he had been arrested several other times , and it could be he had a grudge against the .. The Police Chief . But I think John Willie Clark was at the wrong place at the wrong time . He was stupid , he was drunk , he made a mistake , and he paid the ultimate price for it . And so did the Police Chief . So now I 'm hearing this screaming . There 's a lot of screaming . Who 's screaming ? Well , this is , like , taking place outside . I felt like someone had a brown glass bottle , and drinking , drinking this stuff . There 's a lot of people scattering , running , screaming . I just see , like , the wound and .. Like , all this blood . There 's a lot of screaming . Who 's screaming ? Well , this is , like , taking place outside . These people are running . They 're scattering , running , screaming . And then there 's this woman coming forward , and she used to work here . She took care of everybody . She ran the house . Respectable people , decent people . Something about this story does not add up , doesn 't seem right at all . You got two black men , one of which just escaped from jail .. Sitting in a stolen car in 1930s Georgia during prohibition , and he 's drinking . I 'm going to meet with a local historian .. Ed Bostick . I 'm hoping he can shed some light on this whole mystery . Well , Ed , thanks for meeting me , but , uh , I gotta ask you , why in the cemetery ? This is the grave-site of Joe Ben Jenkins .. The Police Chief who was murdered in 1930 . I 'm still trying to wrap my head around it . You got two black men , stolen car , drinking during prohibition . - One of them just escaped from jail .. - Right . And he 's sitting in front of the Police Chief 's house . Right . Why ? Is it a bad timing on their part ? Is it a coincidence ? There 's local gossip that Will Clark 's wife was in the house , that she had been employed by the Jenkins family , and that the Chief had been making untoward passes at her , maybe groping her , and Will Clark was there to retrieve his wife . There 's a lot of drama . Like , almost like a forced marriage . Who is this relationship between that you 're talking about ? It 's this man and this woman . - The thin man ? - The thin man , yeah . He .. Had issues . He 's , like , O.C.D. and controlling and kind of , uh , tyrannical . So we don 't know if .. Even if this was true , if it was consensual between the Chief and her . It 's a fairly common story among the black community of Cartersville that Will Clark was somehow justified in going there , that he was defending his wife 's honor . French Detective novels have a saying about this . In French , it 's " cherchez la femme , " which means " look for the woman . " You know , now thinking about what you 're saying , it makes more sense to me that .. Well , he may have broke out of jail and then was drinking to get enough .. Enough courage to go in there and confront this guy . That seems a more likely explanation to me than coincidence . How did it look for a white Police Chief to be coming on to a black woman that was even working for him , for that matter ? It would 've been scandalous . She wanted to get of this .. Situation that she was in , and she didn 't like having , you know , to have sex with him . He repulsed her . She hated him . It was disgusting . I 'm trying to figure out who these people are that you 're talking about . - It 's the skinny guy and the lady . - Okay . And then she 's just showing me in a bed . She 's in a bed and she 's dead . She 's dead . She 's dead . I encountered several entities on my walk , so I decided to have a sketch artist draw the most prominent two . First , the big man .. Is his hat way down on his head ? Does he squint ? Or are his eyes .. - Yeah , kinda squinty . - Pretty .. Pretty close ? Okay . He 's a stocky dude . - Okay . - Like , he 's a big , stocky guy . And the angry thin man . When you see his eyes , are they fully open ? - This part .. - Mm-hmm . - Is , like , rounder . - Okay . You said you see him in his suit . Black jacket , white , very high collar , and a bow-tie . How old would you say he is ? Probably like .. 45 ? Is that him ? Yep , that 's him . Now that Amy and I have finished our investigations , this is the first time we 'll be hearing each other 's findings . Amy , this is their dream house . They got it about five , five and a half months ago . They actually lease with an option to buy . Um , but they 've had some issues in the house . Yeah . They 've got three young boys , and I think the most important question is , - are the kids safe ? - Definitely . And should they spend the money to buy the place ? It 's going to be difficult for Cynthia and Ben to hear the truth about their home . But I 've encountered a lot of activity here , and it 's crucial for them to be aware of what 's going on here . The first thing that I ran into were the giggling kids . There were two children , a boy and a girl . These children like to make noise here , especially on the stairwell . It 's like playing for them . They like to hear sounds . They were kind of , like , devious . They would just play pranks and stuff . Like , I think to get attention . When I did your interview , one of the first things she told me about is hearing young kids playing , and then chasing literally all around the house and to the neighbor , trying to find these kids . Our son was crying that nobody would play hide-and-go-seek with him , and all of a sudden , we hear these giggling children .. And we can 't find them . That went on for about an hour , and we just went from yard to yard , chasing voices . Well , the thin man that I ran into has issues with women and likes to intimidate and control them . He says , " oh , so you 're here to talk to me , are you ? " Maybe he was the owner at some point . Bad things happened . He 's tyrannical . He was a power-hungry little man . He wouldn 't deal with me because I won 't tolerate that behavior . The women in the home affected .. - Mm-hmm . - Far more , far more than the men . In my studio area , I feel very panicked and sick and start shaking and flushing . It 's .. It 's extreme . I don 't ever even cross the door . You mentioned about a .. A .. Story of a hanging Sheriff .. Yes . That lived here , uh , that used to hang people from the back porch or something . Alright so .. - What ? - Uh , yeah . The legend says that the Sheriff lived here , and he was .. He was a racist and he .. Hung black men outside the kitchen window on that side of the house . All right , so let me try to clear things up with that . With every " legend " and rumor , there 's a little bit of truth . Uh , this guy 's name was Joe Ben Jenkins . Um , he lived in this house for about 23 years . Uh , he was the Police Chief here . - Right . - Um , in September of 1930 , um , he heard two men in a car .. Two black men in a car .. Outside of the house here . They were drinking . He goes out in his , uh , night clothes with his gun to confront them . One of the black men in that car named John Willie Clark wound up shooting and killing the Chief right in front of the house here . The guy , John Willie Clark , he was apprehended a few days later on . He was actually .. Busted out of jail by an angry mob and lynched not far from , uh , you know , here . In any investigation , putting a face to those involved is crucial . For Amy , that means working with a sketch artist . Her sketch has been kept in a sealed envelope until now , and the homeowners and I are about to see it for the first time . Amy , after the walk , who did you sketch ? The thin man . I have a photo of the Police Chief . So why don 't you guys take a look at it ? That 's him . That 's Joe Ben Jenkins . Makes a little sense . Why ? Just the stature . The figure that I see is always in black like this , and the hat and everything . All right , I wanna take a look at the sketch . Take a look at this . Take a look at this . Wow . That 's amazing . And eerie . I 'm .. I 'm convinced .. - Yep , I 'm convinced . - You know ? The thin man in the sketch made life miserable for women , especially the sad lady I encountered upstairs . One of the people that I came into contact with was this sad woman . And I kind of got that there was a relationship between him and her . She felt like she was enslaved by him , and she didn 't like to be intimate with him . Um , it was disgusting and repulsive for her . She wanted to get of this .. Situation that she was in . She .. Just hated him . And she felt like there was no way out . So that 's probably our crying that we here at night . Oh . Okay . We hear the crying woman . The story goes that the reason John Willie Clark was out in front of this house , was because his wife was having relations with the Police Chief , and she did not want to have relations with him . It wasn 't consensual . Oh , how awful . Now some of the rumors about the Sheriff can 't be tied to any hard evidence . But it 's clear that he and John Willie Clark did not see eye to eye . Cynthia , you gotta do me a favor . I need you to tell Amy exactly what 's going on upstairs when you 're getting touched . I 'll just be , you know , laying there , trying to go to sleep , and .. Anything that 's exposed .. It 's a very light touch , but it 's almost like somebody 's just admiring me or just kinda hanging out and watching me sleep . Who 's doing that ? I think it 's the , um , the entity that can steal things , um , because he can physically interact with his environment . You said he tries to collect things . Is he trying to collect her ? He may want to . I .. I don 't think he has enough power to do that . - Right . - Um , but .. I think that it needs to stop regardless . Um , because it 's inappropriate , period . There 's another entity here who is a sweetheart and thinks that that entity is a monster . He 's big . He 's , like , over 6 feet tall . - Right . - He 's a big , stocky guy , but he , like , really took care of everything here . Also , the big guy , the caretaker does not like the kleptomaniac . They have issues with each other . They cannot be in the same room together . - He 's a good thing ? - He 's a good thing . - He 's helping us . - Right . He 's a very good thing . - Okay . - A very good presence . I 've actually had a dream , and a rather large man sat down at the table with me and was talking to me and telling me that everything 's okay and that he 's here for us . Well , it 's .. It 's some good news . Amy , you did a second sketch also , so I 'm gonna give you the honors and tell us who do we think this is . This is the caretaker that I saw . Can 't forget those eyes . That 's the guy that I had coffee with . And what do you think about this whole thing ? Just can 't believe it . Everything that she 's heard , everything that she 's seen , - you know , is coming to light , and .. - And you 're not crazy . Yeah , and we 're not crazy . Guys , you 've seen and heard the results of our investigation . And the most pressing and important question is , are you safe to stay here ? Is it .. For you and your children , and if it 's worth investing and buying the house . That answer I can 't give you . She 's gonna give it . These are all entities you can deal with . There are a few people that need to be dealt with here . The sad woman .. I would recommend doing a basic cleansing , which is just going through the entire house , using Sage and salt . Because a tiny little fragment of her personality is still here , and that 's something that is rather easy to remove . The children .. With all the cleansing , they , too , will decide to just leave . Um , the thin man .. I really believe he will leave as soon as he understands he has no power here . Just tell him to bug off , and eventually he 's going to leave . Who exactly is in that back room causing .. My issues ? It 's the entity who steals things . I can just tell him to go away ? I would ask big Jay to come in there with you . Big Jay .. That 's actually the caretaker . Like , you can say , " I 'm going to this room . " " I want you here with me . " You know , he 's , like , here for you guys . That will take a toll on this entity , and it will leave . None of my research uncovered a caretaker . But if he 's protecting Cynthia and Ben , it really doesn 't matter . Now you have a road map on what to do , thanks to her .. - Definitely . - And your dream house doesn 't have to be your nightmare house .. - Right . - Anymore , so .. Exactly . Exactly . Yeah , this is a tremendous weight .. - Good . - To know that .. At least I 'm not gonna be harmed . And I can stand up to him , and I have this nice bouncer behind me .. - Mm-hmm . - To .. To help me out . It 's really helped a lot , so .. - Yeah . - I .. It 's awesome . I understand Cynthia and Ben 's fears . When you 've had this many encounters , it 's terrifying . But as long as the stay strong and follow the advice I 've given them , they should be able to live happily in their dream home . Subs created by : David Coleman .
