 Subs created by : David Coleman . I mean , the whole place is haunted . The strangest thing , for me , was seeing the shadows . It can do anything from rape to killing someone . To actually know what went on in this place , I have chills right now . This is , like , his lair . Probably the worst riot in the history of prisons in the country . Beheadings .. I see somebody getting their head chopped off . You could see blood up on the walls , blood on the floor . Oh , God . There 's , like , a lot of blood in my mouth . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I conduct our investigation separately . I dig deep into the property 's history , uncovering dark secrets from its past . Amy talks to the dead . When we 're done , we reveal our findings to our clients . I 'm meeting with a woman named Sandi who sounds terrified . She had worked on a movie there for a couple of days and says that whatever she came in contact with was so awful it 's destroying her life . Before Amy enters a location , I have to clear the area of anything that could influence her findings . This prison is very large .. So it 's important that I take my time to cover or remove anything that could be leading information . There was one event that happened and .. And the Earth absorbed it here . It might 've been two Native American tribes . And it .. Hasn 't been good since . I really feel sick , like I 'm gonna vomit . Is it you or the location ? It 's the location . So , Sandi , we 're here at the prison . Tell me what happened when you were here ? Well , we filmed a movie here , and I actually played a prisoner . There was a lot of real spooky things that happened , just hearing things , seeing things , feeling things . So , Sandi , why 'd you call Amy and I in ? I need to know what 's going on . Everything that 's happened since then has made me sick . Like .. You know , I can 't sleep half the time . I ended up having to take medication for an ulcer because my stomach was so upset . And I just have , like , this sense of doom . And this all started after you filmed here ? Yes . I can 't live like this . Yesterday , I .. I started crying . I was , like , talking to my friend .. " Please stay with me because I gotta go back there . " You don 't strike me as a woman that 's really afraid . I am not usually afraid of anything . - Mm . - And .. It really does creep me out to be in there . You gonna be all right to show me some of these places ? Yeah . Come on . A lot of people who stayed here have saw ( Bleep ) . People having all these weird experiences and , uh , physically weird ( Bleep ) Happening . This entire prison feels cursed , from the land it sits on to the dead roaming its hallways . It 's , like , haunted . The whole place is haunted . When we were in this room , there was a lot of strange things happening , like noise . What kind of things were you hearing ? We heard , like , clanging . Like , if somebody was kind of shaking metal . But the fact that other people were there and they were hearing things , too , and seeing things , too .. - It validated it . - Right . The strangest thing , for me , was seeing the shadows . It scared the heck out of me . Now can you describe what the shadow looked like ? It was quick but it .. It .. It looked like a .. Like somebody was running by . One minute they 're here , the next minute , you turn to see , and they 're gone . Almost as if something didn 't want you to see it . Oh , boy . I don 't .. Huh ? My heart is jumping .. Because I 'm nervous . He 's a shadow person . Man , this thing 's , like , a monster . So , Sandi , what about any other place in the building ? We were filming up in the cells , and then I got locked in the cell . Oh . Jeez . Right as I was getting ready to leave , I heard a man 's voice talking to me . It was from behind me . What 'd he say ? He said .. " Hey . How ya doing ? " I said , " fine . How are you ? " The response was .. " Fine now . " I thought it was one of the crew , and , um , once I realized there was nobody standing behind me , I almost peed my pants . This guy can do stuff . He 's , uh .. Very , very well-formed . Very well-formed . He 's like , uh , advanced . So what can it do to people ? It can do anything from , like , rape to , like .. Killing someone . Okay , Sandi , why 'd you take me to this room ? In between takes , we were down here , and I found this really neat hat . And I thought , " oh , my boys would love this hat . " So I grabbed it and I took it home with me . All right , so let me get this straight . You 'd hear voices , locked in a cell , saw shadow people . And at the end , you take something from here and bring it home ? Yeah . I mean , I 'm no expert on the paranormal , but .. Probably wasn 't a good idea . No , I don 't think it was a very good idea at all . Some scary stuff started happening in my house , and .. I bet you wish you didn 't take that hat now . You got that right . What 'd you do with it ? I burned it . Where ? In the fireplace . Did the stuff at your house stop ? No . He 's like a .. Maybe not a shadow person . I think he 's more than that . Where does it come from ? Uh , not from a good place . It 's , like , ancient and like .. I don 't know . Devil . Shadow people are able .. But this is like .. Ancient and like .. I don 't know . Devil . This dark evil entity is incredible old . It feeds on death and negativity .. So it makes sense to me that it would thrive in this prison . This is a bad area . This is , like .. A bad area . Sandi seems pretty convinced that something evil is in this prison . But I need to talk to someone who spent more than a couple of days in this place . You are a former corrections officer here ? Yeah , that 's correct . Okay , when was that ? I started at the academy in 1990 , and I was here working at the old main up until 1994 . What was it like when you were here ? It was violent . There was , um , stabbings that were happening . There was a lot of gang activity at that time . Did you ever hear stories about paranormal stuff going on here before you started working ? They talked to us about some of the paranormal activity at the academy . They just touched on it . - But they did mention it ? - They did mention it , yes . And , uh .. And when you walked in here , you know , you talk to some of the senior guards that are around and lieutenants and captains , and .. And they 've had experiences . 22 years in the police Department , and I never once met a cop who admitted to seeing something paranormal . And the top brass including it as part of the training ? Unheard of . There 's gotta be something weird going on here . Did you ever experience any paranormal activity while you were working here ? - I have . - What can you tell me ? There was this one time where I had three inmates that I was , uh , bringing down to get their linens . And as we were leaving , we were walking down the corridor in the basement , we started to hear , uh , a rattling noise behind us . I turned immediately and looked and I saw a shadow , and the inmates turned as well , that .. That I had with me . And I had shined a flashlight and there was a shadow there , just .. It looked like the outline of a man . And as my flashlight kind of glanced through him , it was v .. Invisible . On top of dealing with the stress of being a prison guard , then you 're dealing with paranormal . To actually know what went on in this place , um , I get chills . I have chills right now . I don 't know what this is . It 's not a shadow person . It 's like a devil thing . Did people encounter this ? I think that they see it . - How ? - It 's .. Like .. Solid . Is there a hole ? There has to be a hole . Where is the hole ? Is it literally a hole ? Yes . He would .. Come .. From here . This is , like , his .. His home area . Like his lair . - It doesn 't wanna go back . - Why not ? Because it likes wreaking havoc . It could follow the living out of this place . Both Sandi and Anthony have seen a shadow figure wandering the halls of the prison . So I 'm going to meet with one more witness to see if he had similar encounters . Leon , you were a corrections officer here ? - Yes , Sir . - How long ? Uh , four years . - How 's it feel to be back here ? - Don 't wanna be here . - You don 't ? - Not at night or nothing , no . Very terrified . Did you ever experience any paranormal .. Activity while you were working here ? Yes . Any particular spot in the prison ? The one we 're standing in now . Okay . What 'd you experience in here ? Uh , well , just , you know , the moans and the groans late at night , early in the mornings . Uh , windows kinda , like , opening all of the sudden . You know , no wind , no nothing outside and stuff . Shadows and .. Can you describe what it looked like ? Uh , just like a shadow that you would see like in a bright day , uh , someone walking by . But there was nobody there to make a shadow ? No . No . No . Did any of the inmates ever tell you that they 've heard or saw something ? Yes . Yes . Aw , there 's just nasty stuff down here . Like what ? There 's , like , a lot of crazy people down here . They don 't even know who they are . Really crazy . There 's , like , a lot of crazy people down here . Like , really , really mentally ill . Uh .. When I say " crazy , " I mean like , um .. They don 't even know who they are . A lot of them are like , um .. Screaming people . Like , um , when they 're crazy , they look like voodoo dolls to me . They climb on the ceilings . Really bad . The obvious place for me to start my investigation is with the 1980 prison riot . I know it was one of the most violent in U.S. history and that 33 prisoners died there , but I need to know the full story of what happened here in Santa Fe . So I 'm driving down to Albuquerque to meet with a reporter who covered the riot when it happened . I 'm conducting an investigation at the New Mexico State Prison , uh , and I understand there was a riot there in 1980 , but you covered it as a reporter . You had probably the worst riot in the history of prisons in the country . We had 33 inmates dead , more than 90 wounded . Uh , the prison was gutted . Literally , that prison blew up . So , Mike , what were the conditions like ? It was a very poorly run prison . Very badly run . We had dormitories that were grossly overcrowded . They had , like , 3 guards for 200 inmates . The guards were under trained .. Uh , and the overall atmosphere was one of coercion . It was run as a snitch system . Uh , basically , that set inmate upon inmate , inmate against guard . And it was just a question of time before it blew up . So , Mike , where did it start ? It starts at a dormitory called E-1 . These inmates were not in cells . They were on bunk beds . And the guards came across some of the inmates drinking homemade hooch . Riot starts . Uh , the guards had no protection , had nowhere to run . The inmates managed to get the keys from one of the guards .. And then all hell breaks loose . Who the ( Bleep ) Is this ? What ? I 'm trying to figure out who the ( Bleep ) It is . Someone 's .. " Jack . " " Jack . Jack . " " Oh , no . We 've got a situation . " I think he got killed . Since I 'm in a prison , I 'm not surprised to be seeing flashes of violence . But I 'm starting to see and feel a horrific amount of bloodshed . Oh , I 'm seeing a throat being slashed . There 's blood . Really fast and , uh .. Unexpected . I just heard people screaming , screaming . You .. You had beheadings . You had , uh , inmates who used , uh , acetylene torches on heads of other inmates . Inmates were hung off the top tiers of the cell blocks . Uh , inmates were beaten with pipes and then thrown , dead or alive , into , you know , burning fires inside the gymnasium . It was brutal inmate-on-inmate violence . There were , uh , guards that were .. Were just brutally and severely beaten , uh , and sexually assaulted . I feel like my neck 's breaking and .. Mm . Everything , it hurts . Ow , my head . And .. It 's , like , all right here . Aw .. Mm . Ugh . Are you okay ? Mm , what 's wrong ? Amy ? Ow , my head . And .. It 's , like , all right here . Mm . Ugh . Are you okay ? Oh , God . There 's , like , a lot of blood in my mouth . The shadow devil I encountered in this place is evil . And I think it can leave here and attach itself to living people .. Maybe even kill them . So I need to break the rules and meet with Steve to find out more about the person we 're trying to help . There is something very , very evil there , and things from that location could follow someone . Oh , it 's funny you say that because the client is having some issues at her place . You wanna do a walk on her house ? Yes , I think that would be a good idea . Okay . I 'll set it up . I don 't like it in here at all . I don 't like it in here at all . It 's scary . This is bad , bad . I 've managed to track down a former inmate who was at ground zero when the riot started . He 's never talked about what went down before , but he 's agreed to tell me what he knows as long as I can keep his identity hidden . This is the first time I 've been back since the early ' 80s . Well , you were here for the riot ? I was here for the riot . What do you know about it ? People knew that something was gonna come down because there was too much tension in the institution . There was too much talk about taking over and rioting and stuff already . Did you see any of these guys get murdered ? Yeah , I saw quite a few of them . I saw killings . The guards that got caught , taken as hostages , were all sodomized , every one of them . One inmate got his head chopped off , you know . Then all of a sudden , going down towards cell block 4 , soon you could hear screaming and killing and everything . Burning .. They torched some guy there with a welding torch . And then the guy that got his head cut off in the hallway , they .. They paraded his head on a broomstick . Mm , I see somebody getting their head chopped off . I don 't know . It 's like a flash of .. Some guy 's head falling on the floor .. And rolling around . It feels sacrificial .. In some way . That ( Bleep ) Riot was like a Vietnam . I mean , it was , like , crazy , you know ? I gotta ask you a question . During your time here , did you or any of your fellow inmates ever .. Come across something that you couldn 't explain , that was maybe paranormal ? Mm , there was a lot of strange things they would see . They would say , " did you see that ghost did you see that ? " Actually , if it was so quiet , you could actually almost hear the screams .. And the banging and shocking ( Bleep ) . Do you think it 's because of what happened during the riot ? Before and after the riot . I think it 's a devil shop . It 's the devil 's house . It needs to be destroyed . There 's , like , a .. Thing that came in from the .. Outside , and it 's a dark .. Just mist . Mist . And it 's going around up .. Up in the ceiling here .. Going around in circles and circles and circles . It 's kinda creepy . It came out of the hole . Right here . - The hole in the tile ? - Yeah . Very , very , very bad . The New Mexico State Penitentiary was built in the ' 50s , and the land has been filled with nothing but death and horror ever since . But I need to know what happened on the sight before . So I 'm headed to the Santa Fe Public Library to see what I can dig up . It didn 't take long to discover that Santa Fe 's past has more in common with the prison riot than I thought . In 1680 , there was a massive revolt between the Pueblo Indians and Spanish settlers , where over 400 Spaniards were humiliated , tortured , and killed . I would like to sketch a room .. With a bunch of crazy men . And then there 's a doorway , and in that doorway is standing a man . But you can 't see him . He 's all shadow . So , Amy , is this what you saw ? Yes . The severity of this case required Amy and I to meet midway through our investigation , which is highly unusual . Now that we 've investigated the prison , and Amy has walked Sandi 's home .. We 're ready to reveal our findings to each other and Sandi . Sandi actually filmed a movie here and she 's had some pretty wild experiences while she was here . Uh , since then , though , she 's been suffering from nightmares , she 's had anxiety . Her health has deteriorated . And you 've even developed some ulcers . I did . So that being said , maybe Amy could tell us about her walk . When I first got here .. I saw two .. Tribes that were fighting over .. I think land . And the land where we are is really , really bad . It absorbed that residual experience . So back in 1680 , there was a revolt of the Native Americans that lived here against the Spanish settlers . The Spanish used them as slaves . And during that revolt , there was 400 Spanish settlers killed . And when they captured the Spanish , they would humiliate them . They would strip them naked , took all their clothes off . They rode them like they were animals . Well , that 's interesting . Why is that ? The land has always been bad . You know , as soon as .. As the .. Prison was built , it was haunted . Prisoners were being tormented by entities and the dead . The guards were having experiences . Um , I did speak to a couple of prison guards that worked here .. And they all experienced something . Corrections officers that went to the academy for this prison were taught about the paranormal . And they actually put it in their training , uh , curriculum . Maybe you could tell her about some of the stuff that happened to you when you were here for the two days . As I was leaving here . I went into this area , and it was completely black , and I hear .. " Hey . How ya doing ? " And I said .. " Fine . How are you ? " And he said .. " Fine now . " Turned around to look , and there was nobody there . Wow . So anything else on your walk ? Oh , yeah . I ended up down by the laundry room . And I saw .. All of these people who were severely mentally ill . It was very unnerving , very strange , and very upsetting . There 's , like , a lot of crazy people down here . Like , really , really mentally ill . They don 't even know who they are . This prison was built in the '50s , and during the ' 60s and ' 70s , they really ran it pretty poorly . I spoke to a reporter , and , uh , he basically said , uh , it was overcrowded . When inmates went crazy , they just left them here . So you had a lot of guys here that weren 't getting proper medication . And that were legitimately crazy . Wow . Okay . So I see all of these insane people . It almost looked like .. You know those voodoo dolls that have the twine ? Mm-hmm . So every once in a while , one of them would become that , and would , like , climb on the walls or the ceiling , and it seemed like something had taken over them . And while I was down there seeing this .. I also saw the thing that made the Earth bad here . There was , like , this gray mist . Then I .. Saw .. This thing . I mean , some people would say it 's a devil . And this thing is .. Far worse than any demon . Very , uh .. Formidable , nasty . And it , uh , it does change shape . And it 's very , very intelligent . It likes this place a lot because it 's scary . And it was surrounded by these insane men . So what I did was I sketched the scene that I saw . Let 's take a look at it . I don 't see Amy 's sketch , so it 's gonna be the first time I 'm seeing it . Jeez . So that 's what I saw down there . And he 's the really , really bad one . He 's , like , the devil thing . All darkness . He can make people sick . He can rape . He can murder . Sandi , why don 't you tell Amy about the shadow figure you had seen ? I can 't right now . I can 't even look at that right now . Sandi , why don 't you tell Amy about the shadow figure you had seen ? I can 't right now . I can 't even look at that right now . It 's okay . I see that man a lot . Why me ? Have you had experiences before ? - Yeah . - Yeah . They 'll be attracted to us . So you think she 's maybe a sensitive ? Mm-hmm . Sensitives like Sandi are a magnet for the dead . But when they attract something like this shadow devil , it can be extremely dangerous , even fatal . He has never been human and .. He has grown .. To what he is by all of the horrors that have happened here . Not just the prison , but before that . So could this thing have even triggered the violence with the Native Americans ? Oh , yeah . Oh , yeah . Anything else on your walk ? I saw .. Some guy who worked here running around like a maniac . I saw another guy getting his throat slashed . I saw , um .. Guys throwing men over the .. You know , the top railing . And there was , um , one guy who got bashed in the head , and I could , like .. I literally could taste all the blood in my mouth . It was filled up in my mouth . And , um , uh , violent .. Things , which I was like , well .. It 's a prison . Ya know .. Yeah , it is a prison but it 's also .. The scene of probably one of the bloodiest prison riots in U.S. history . In 1980 , there was a riot here where 33 inmates were killed . 11 guards were taken hostage . They raped these guys . They beat them . They set a couple guys on fire with an acetylene torch . They cut another guy 's head off . They took they guy 's head and they paraded it around like a trophy . What 's that look ? During the walk of your house .. I saw a man getting his head cut off . It was like a sacrifice . Wow . She did something when she was here filming , and she knows it was a mistake . But if you could tell Amy about that .. I wanna see if there 's maybe something going on with that . I found a hat down there that I thought was cool . And I thought , oh , my sons will love this , and so I took it .. And I brought it home . I mean , I realized after I got it home it was probably a really bad idea because then things started happening in my house . Mm , boy . So I burned it , but I burned it in the fireplace . - In the house . - Oh , ( Bleep ) . Burning an object from a haunted location doesn 't destroy the evil within in . It actually makes it stronger , unleashing its power . I mean , I figured the smoke would go out of the house . I didn 't know . Oh , my gosh . There was a , um , a little mist . Like the mist that I saw come out of the ground here . I saw this mist in the bathroom on the ceiling .. In that area . And at this point , it 's .. It 's aware , it 's conscious . What I 'm thinking possibly .. Is that , uh .. You brought a little piece of this negative .. To your home . Now , Sandi , we 're gonna answer your most pressing questions . I mean , your house .. You 're afraid to be in your house . Your health is still bad . Um , and you thought burning the hat was gonna change things . Uh , but obviously it didn 't . No . Uh , I mean , the question is , how are you gonna get your life back on track . And make things better ? Um , for that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy , see if she can help you . There 's gonna be two parts to this . What you need to have happen .. Is for a medicine man or a medicine woman . To come to your house .. And do .. A .. Ritual cleansing . I mean , from " A " to Z. " A real cleansing . You should not be there when this happens . The other thing .. While that 's happening .. Is that you need to be , like , in a hotel .. And with a healer who does a complete body cleanse on you . Um , so a cleansing ritual of your body , because it does like to attach in a very physical way . These two things need to be happening simultaneously . Okay ? You need to take care of yourself . You need to get this done so that you can function because .. It 's in you . You gonna take her advice ? Sandi should follow my advice precisely . If she doesn 't , I 'm worried this evil shadow devil will grow .. And her health could continue to deteriorate . Subs created by : David Coleman .
