 Subs created by : David Coleman . He 's really mad now . It 's bad for them . Something grabbed my arm . Stop it ! He wants us to leave . He pulls out his gun and he shoots him . Jeez . What the ( Bleep ) ? I cannot deny any more what I 'm seeing and hearing myself . She perished . Fire . They just shoved her in a little grave . I 've never seen this before . I wanna get the ( Bleep ) Out of here . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I conduct our investigations independently . I 'm in Wichita , Kansas . I 'm on my way to meet a woman named Kristen . She 's terrified and says there 's strange things going on in her home . She sent me a video that even freaked me out . I can 't stop it right now . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . To make matters worse , her grand-kids have moved in with her . And they 're being affected as well . I 'm hopeful we can find her some answers . It 's a long hallway , all black and burnt . The teenage girl showed up . There is a huge gash across .. The lower right side of her hairline . Before Amy can begin her walk , I need to clear the location of anything that could influence her . This house is filled with personal photographs , so it 's important that I take my time to remove them all . There 's two people here and they 're an elderly couple .. A man and a woman . They like it here . They don 't really wanna leave . And she likes to be , uh , in everybody 's business . She really likes being dead because she can sit back and watch people that come and go . For her , she says , like , it 's like watching soap operas but they 're real . There 's also something here that 's not .. So good . This thing comes from outside . They called it in , but it 's not good . Yeah , I wanna get the ( Bleep ) Out of here . Kristen , you called me and Amy in . What 's going on , and how can we help ? I .. I hear things . I 'll hear bumps against the wall , and I 'm not even sure what it is , and there 's nobody here . Okay . I feel things , and I feel it 's connected to me , for some reason . There 's something here that messes with my emotions . And it 's affecting my grandchildren . That makes me feel afraid for them . Has this ever happened to you before you moved into this house ? Yes . I thought I could handle it on my own , but it 's just too much for me to handle any more . Have you thought about just selling the house and leaving ? That wouldn 't work . Why do you say that ? Because it would go with me wherever I go . It didn 't just start in this house . It 's just continuing in this house . There is a major sensitive who lives here . Like , really , really strong abilities . Okay . Things are being attracted to this house , and not good things , either . Oh , man . Ha ha . This hurts . Some dead people are so powerful that they make the living very sick , to the point where they might feel exhaustion , depression , even physical pain . It 's not a good , healthy situation . Do you know if it affects the living ? Yeah . It makes them sick . What 's going on in here ? I 'll be laying here , trying to sleep , and hear feet walking up and down the hall . You can hear it getting closer to my room . How often does it happen ? Almost every day . I 'm getting , like , a .. Herb ? Herbie ? He 's real grumpy , really grumpy guy . His right hip is not good . But he 's always in pain , always in pain . I go days without sleeping . I won 't sleep in my room . If I 'm alone , I have to have someone here with me . I just feel cornered . Okay . He doesn 't like really anybody who 's ever lived here . This is his house . He is asking if we could remove the people from the home . He doesn 't really give a ( Bleep ) About anybody else . You know , " ( Bleep ) Them . " I was sitting here in the dining room . I had my back to the wall . And all of a sudden , it felt like something grabbed my arm . And jerked it forcefully backwards . Okay , w .. The window 's there . Did somebody .. Could 've put their hand through the window from the outside ? A shut window with the glass and a screen ? No . Had that ever happened before ? No . No , that never happened before . But it scared me . What 'd you do ? I started crying and got out of this room . Herbie 's getting a little aggressive . Stop it ! The dead man Herb is refusing to leave me alone . Right now , he 's trying to jump me , which means he 's trying to take control of my thoughts and actions . This is really dangerous for me and anyone nearby . Stop it ! He wants us to leave . Kristen , you sent me a pretty intense video . Oh , here it goes . Here it goes . It 's getting me . What was going on ? My hands and my feet , the veins all started popping out of them . It 's going down my thumb . This is new . He knows how to physically manipulate the human body . It started going up my arm , both arms , and up my legs . Here it goes . I can 't stop it right now . It 's going crazy . My heart 's .. Okay . If you 're sitting or laying down , man .. It 's down near my foot . I can tell it 's going in it right now . I can feel it when it happens . It 's going up me , and then it gets really painful . It kinda hurts , agitation , up your spine . I don 't know how he knows how to do this . It 's probably gonna kill me . It felt like every muscle and everything was just locked up . Were you in pain ? Yes . Uncomfortable . But it 's him . It 's him . He 's doing that . He 's doing that . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . Oh , here it goes . Here it goes . It 's getting me . It 's going crazy . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . Look at these points right here . What is that ? So how 'd you make it stop ? I told it , " that 's enough . I want my body back , " and it stopped . I just see , like , random dead people walking up the stairs outside , walking in and walking through the kitchen , walking up to here .. Making living people sick . Things are being attracted to this house , and not good things , either . Jason , I 've seen and spoken with Kristen . How else has the house affected Kristen ? You know , it creates fear in her and angst . I mean , there 's things that 'll happen that wanna get her attention . And there are days she 's just .. Uncomfortable , very unsettled , and downright scared . Things happened to her here that worry me . I wanna talk about the videos that you took . What was going on that night ? She just is there with you , obviously , but her eyes .. Become despondent . She becomes unaware of what 's around her and removed . I .. I felt like something was trying to take over her . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . There 's something there . I cannot deny any more what I 'm seeing and hearing myself . He 's mad . He 's really mad . He 's really mad now . Very , very upset right now . It feels like there 's hands on .. Especially , like , my lower .. Like , my .. Right in here . Like , it 's like .. You know ? Like .. And then .. But you feel it up your spinal cord . Like electricity . Like .. And then it just makes you jerk . It 's weird . Jeez . What the , ( Beep ) Man ? This is weird . It 's like , he knows how to , like , do the electrical impulses in your body , your brain . I don 't like it at all . Jason , you told me about Kristen . What about you ? Most recently , within the last month , I was laying there , my hands are on my chest like this , and something put its hands on me . And I look left , and I see a .. A silhouette of a little girl laying here . Jason , let me ask you something . What .. What 's going on with the grand-kids ? They talk about some dreams that they have . Kris 's granddaughter really talks about one dream over and over again and comes to tears about it . - Really ? - Mm-hmm . What was the dream ? The way she described it to us was , that her little brother was being cornered and these small , monstrous little characters were throwing things at his face , making him cry and hurting him . Did she say what they looked like ? Yeah , she actually drew what she saw in her dreams , on many occasions . What 's these things on the head ? She drew those as antennas or something . " Ogre face " is how she could describe it . She said it was real long and skinny , had long arms , pointy head . And she did them again and again , and she kept the characters looking the same . She didn 't change them . So there 's this thing on the roof . And it .. Has been up there for a few months now . I don 't know what this thing is . It 's , uh , long .. Long , skinny . Like , uh .. Some kind of bug-looking thing . It just , like , scuttles .. On the roof . Like that . And then , you know , it 'll stop . You know , but it gets it 's self worked up , and then it does again and again and tries to get in . There 's someone in here that it wants to be attached to . Elysia , I was talking to your Mom . She explained some of things going on in the house . I understand that your son , your niece , and your nephew all spent some time here , uh , and they 've had some strange experiences . What happens with your son ? Well , my son sees things . He gets drawn to certain areas in the hallway . He just keeps peaking over to the corner , kinda looking at something . " Mommy , what 's that ? What is that ? " He asks me , and I look , and there 's nothing there . Does he ever describe it to you ? He says " monster , " or he says , " oh , no ! " And he backs up and gets on his knees . Jason had described , uh , your Mom having a dark energy overcome her . Uh , what do you make of that ? Well , my Mom used to be really funny and witty and outgoing , and lately she 's just .. Different . I think it 's stealing parts of her . I just wanna know what it is and what we feel . There 's too many things that have happened to where we can 't deny that something 's there . What are you hoping our investigation will do for your Mom ? I just hope that it frees her , and we get our .. Our Mom back . Uh .. It wants in . It wants the person . It 's not helping . It 's not benefiting them . It 's not good for them . It 's bad for them . It 's bad . It 's bad for them . You said it wants to attach itself to this person . So what does that mean ? Or what would that .. What would happen to them ? The person would do bad things . Uh .. It wants in . It wants the person . It 's bad for them . It 's bad . It 's bad for them . You said it wants to attach itself to this person . So what does that mean ? Or what would that .. What would happen to them ? The person would do bad things , like , hurt .. Like , hurt people . Like , hurt .. Hurt people .. Make them hurt people . It 's my job to find out who lived and who died on our client 's property . Going through the deed , I was able to track down the last owner of Kristen 's house . But he died several years ago , so I 'm going to speak with a neighbor to find out a little bit more about this guy . Did you know who lived in Kristen 's house before she move in ? There was an older gentleman that lived there . - Had you ever spoken to him ? - Yes . What kind of a guy was he ? He was just a little bit grouchy . The kids would run up and down the street , and he would be kinda yelling at ' em because they were too loud or something . Did he ever talk to you or mention to anybody in the neighborhood about funny things going on at the house ? No . - And he was there a while ? - Yes . How about the rest of your neighbors ? Uh , we 're not aware of anything that .. That 's been going on . - Your house is good ? - Yes . Okay . Herb feels like .. He lived here . When he died , I don 't know if he actually lived and died here . Or if he , like , put himself here because it looks like he 's in an apartment . So he could 've , like , died there but .. Wanted to be dying here ? So he did live here at some point ? I feel like yes , yes . Okay . This is his house , not theirs . The living people .. He doesn 't like ' em .. Because they .. Annoy him . They 're in his space . This his is space . He likes it . This is his house . Kristen lives in a district of Wichita called Delano . So I 'm going to speak with a local historian who knows that part of town inside and out . I was talking to a few people in town , and they said that Delano was pretty wild back in the day . Uh , what can you tell me about that ? Well , Delano was pretty much what you would consider the red light district . It was sin city . It was Wichita 's place where all the things that people didn 't wanna know about happened . It was a place for the Cowboys to blow off a little bit of steam , a chance for them to get loose after basically being on the trail for 3 months , 7 days a week , 16-hour days . It sounds like a real recipe for trouble . Yeah . Yeah , there were an awful lot of things went on , on that side of the river . Anything in particular ? There was a .. A horrendous gun battle there in Delano . Uh , there were two gentlemen .. One by the name of " Rowdy " Joe Lowe and his competitor " Red " Beard . And , uh , Red Beard and Rowdy Joe had dance halls that were right beside each other . The season hadn 't been going very well for Red Beard . The money wasn 't as good . Plus , Rowdy was 20 years younger . I think he just was out-and-out jealous . And Red Beard sees Joe in the other building .. And he pulls out his gun and he shoots him . So in the middle of the gun battle , a couple of folks were shot .. Um , one of which was a prostitute under Red 's employ , Annie Franklin . Shot in the stomach , in the midsection . Doctors assumed that it was probably gonna be a mortal wound . There is a woman . I saw her . She 's laying , and she has , like .. All this is open . Like .. You know , blood and tissue and .. Skull / brain . Ow ! Being a sensitive , I can feel what a dead person is experiencing .. Ow . And the pain this woman went through was unbearable . Mm . But then I felt this crush in .. Shot , and my ear filled up with .. With blood . And .. But then I do hear gunshots and I see a black gun . This girl , she died in the neighborhood . And it was a big deal . Okay , so she 's an innocent bystander and she takes one to the stomach . Pretty much . Pretty much . And from all accounts , she probably died from those wounds . More than likely . As far as prostitutes went back then , uh , if they pass away , what happens to them ? More than likely , it was a pauper 's burial . Basically , just a hole in the ground . Not a headstone at all of any kind . So this girl with this , uh .. With the thing with her head , you know .. Yeah , they , uh , they shoved her in a little grave there , and she just rotted up . As far as prostitutes went back then , uh , if they pass away , what happens to them ? More than likely , it was a pauper 's burial . Basically , just a hole in the ground . Not a headstone at all of any kind . I 'm getting that pain back again . There was a girl . She got her face bashed in and her head cut open . They just shoved her in a little grave there , and she just rotted up . I 'm doing one last archive search on Kristen 's property when I hit something big . A massive fire broke out just down the street from Kristen 's house . It 's a long shot , but I 'm going to meet with the local fire chief to see if there might be some connection to what Kristen 's experiencing . I 'm conducting an investigation in the area , and , uh , came across an article during my research about a Masonic home that was , uh , burned down in 1916 . Can you help me with that ? Yes . That fire was started from a boiler . The .. The boiler was inspected and found to have a leak . They decided that it was safe enough to use . They said , " if we keep a watchman watching it , it 'll be okay . " There was a 16-year-old boy that was on watch , and he fell asleep . And he woke up about 2 : 00 in the morning , and the boiler room was on fire . What are you feeling right now ? Fire . The hallway was burned , and the lady was burned . Do you know how many people , including the children , there were ? 108 . Now how many kids were living there at the time ? It was 47 . Here 's a picture of some of the children that were there . What can you tell me about the victims ? There was two elderly couples .. Mr. and Mrs. Brown and Mr. and Mrs. Ferris .. And then a young lady , 20 years old , that worked there . She was taking care of the children . She was gonna get married in the spring . She had been working on her wedding dress , and , uh , when the fire came , she got all the children in her care out of the building , and then thinking that the fire would be extinguished , she pushed past the firefighter , went back in to get her wedding dress , and she perished . Oh , jeez . The home was destroyed , basically . So where did these kids go ? There was no evacuation plan whatsoever , so they just went out across the snow .. Some of ' em barefoot .. Going to the houses in the area . I encountered several entities on my walk , but the old man named Herb stood out as the most powerful and threatening inside the house . Who are we sketching today ? It was an older male . Okay . He has a long , oval face . He has a drinker 's nose . Two chins . What race would this person be ? Mm , white ? White ? Okay . Is there anything about his eyes in particular ? He has brown eyes . Brown . Okay . Almond-shaped . Is this the man that you remember seeing ? Yes . That 's him . After working independently of each other for the entire investigation , Amy and I are sharing our findings for the first time . Kristen 's had some pretty wild and bizarre things happening here . Thing is , now one of her daughters and two of her grandchildren are here with her now , and whatever 's happening in the house , it 's starting to affect the kids also . A big part of the reason we 're here is the kids . The minute I walked into this house , I knew someone here had abilities , and I have a pretty good idea that it 's Kristen . Amy , maybe you could tell us about your walk a little . The first thing I encountered was a dead girl . Then I saw a gun , and there were brains and blood . She was killed . I do hear gunshots and I see a black gun . And she has , like .. All this is open . Like .. You know , blood and tissue and brain . Ow ! And then I saw her being thrown into a really shallow grave . This house , believe it or not , sits right in the middle of what was once a very violent neighborhood . And it was like the wild wild west here . There was a .. A big shootout between two brothel owners , and the brothels were right next door to each other . Once guy , " Rowdy " Joe Lowe , gets shot .. And a prostitute gets killed . They gave her a pauper 's burial . You know , dig a hole , stick her in it , and you 're done . I wasn 't able to track down a picture of this woman . Back in the 1870s , hardly anyone had their picture taken . So unfortunately , we 'll never know if Amy saw the prostitute who was killed in the shootout . What else did you see ? Children were playing , and there was a fire . I saw the hallway burned , and there was a woman who was burned . And she said , " I 'm half the woman I used to be now . " A couple blocks from here , there was a Masonic home that was a home for Masons that were retired and for orphans . And this is actually the building . 108 people lived there . 47 of them were children . These are like the kids that would 've been orphans in the Mason home . Late December , back in 1916 , at 2 : 00 in the morning , a fire breaks out . What happened was , they had a 16-year-old kid that was watching a boiler that was faulty . He fell asleep . He woke up to flames . The kids all got out . They went running , and they actually ran to people 's homes in the area for help , because they didn 't know what to do . You guys hear kids in the house , right ? Yes , and running in the hall . You also had another incident with a kid , while you were in bed . Yeah , I was laying there , and I felt a cold hand go over both of my hands . And I woke up , and I looked left , and I see a little girl right beside me . I thought maybe it was her granddaughter , and it wasn 't . Hmm . What else did you see ? Coming from the back door into the little dining area in there was a lot of dead people coming in . What do you mean ? They were just in line , walking . They 're drawn here by something , and it 's not good for the dead people or the living . So it 's having a negative effect both on you and on the dead . Upset stomachs to , uh , ulcers , fatigue . She described every one of those things . - Mm-hmm . - And any time I 'm here , - uh , my stomach just gets upset .. - Really upset and then I 'm .. When I 'm not here , I 'm fine , and it 's just strange to me . You encounter anything else ? I encountered Herb . He is .. An elderly man who got very physical with me . What do you mean he got physical with you ? What .. W .. How ? He has learned how to manipulate the human body and the human brain , it was just like , an onslaught . Um , and it was extremely painful . Stop it ! I 'm angry at this guy that 's around here that shouldn 't be here . He starts off charming and then gets agitated and irritated and not so nice . He 's got a problem . And he prefers the back bedroom now , so I 'm concerned about the children . Without a doubt , it 's him . Kristen , tell her what happened . I was feeding my grandson in the high chair , and all of a sudden , my arm was grabbed and jerked backwards . Oh , I think that 's Herb . Amy , is the guy Herb , who you say is causing Kristen all these problems here , is that the guy you sketched ? I don 't see the sketch when , uh , Amy does it . I 'm gonna see it for the first time tonight with you guys . Hmm . Wow . He doesn 't look so nice to me . Well , initially when I met him , you know , he was not very happy . But to me , it just seemed like a grumpy old man , and they can sometimes be endearing . So then when he figured out that I wasn 't here to help him , he was like , " oh . You 're not gonna help me get rid of them ? " " You 're here to get rid of me ? " That 's when he attacked me . I have a picture of the former owner of this house . That 's not him . So my question to you is , who is he and what the hell is he doing here ? He 's attracted to this house .. Because there is someone residing in this house who is .. Very open . I 'm starting to believe that Kristen 's abilities are very powerful .. So powerful she may be attracting the dead from miles away . There 's a question I always ask to see if someone might be a sensitive . One question I had was .. Do you have vivid dreams ? - Always . - Mm-hmm ? And they 're so clear that I remember them the whole next day and the next night . No matter where you go , you 're going to open doorways . So is it her or the house ? Oh , no , it 's her . No matter where you go , you 're going to open doorways . You come with a door . So is it her or the house ? Oh , no , it 's her . Yeah , I mean , you 're open . You 're a sensitive . And the dead are looking for help . I got really emotional learning that you were coming here because I started feeling really guilty and I couldn 't understand it , like I was letting someone down . It 's just a real sad feeling that comes over me when it happens . As sensitives , the dead will form relationships with us . They kind of move in . It 's because we 're still alive and we can hear and see and feel them , and they don 't want to leave . Mm-hmm . All right , let me show you the video . - Okay . - Okay . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . Oh , here it goes . Here it goes . It 's getting me . It 's probably gonna kill me I can 't stop it right now . It 's gotten crazy . Look at these points right here . What is that ? I 've seen attacks like this before , and Kristen is playing with fire . She 's in serious danger and could get herself hurt or worse . So jumping is when they try to get inside of your body .. - Mm-hmm . - And control your body . And typically , any kind of dead person will attempt this , whether they 're good or bad . And it 's not good for our bodies and it can cause uh , major damage . So it 's best not to allow that , because I did run into another entity . It is really bad . It crawls around on the roof and goes around the windows and the doors , and it tries to get in . To me , it looked like a huge bug . And this thing attached itself to you . Let me ask you about this thing on the roof . If they decide to do nothing , what can go wrong here ? If this thing gets in , you 'll probably lose your mind . Amy 's made it very clear how dangerous it is . The big question is , can you do something to make you and your family safe ? I can 't answer that , but Amy can . The first thing is setting up boundaries . You have a lot of dead people that are just roaming around . And it 's physical things that you can do to seal your home . How do they go about sealing the house ? You go outside and you 're doing salt around your house and Sage to your house to stop the energy from getting in . So you need to tell them to leave and then seal your property so that the family 's safe , you 're safe , and the dead are being helped in an appropriate way . In the meantime , are the kids safe ? As soon as you lock down the house , yeah . With Herb , you really have to be firm . Does he respect that this is not his house ? He really wants you guys to go . He wants to move in and take over . But the thing is , is he can 't do that . He 's dead . You 're not . You 're alive . Your energy surpasses his energy . You gotta throw him out . We have control , period . And they cannot be in our space if we say " no . " And then when you 're good , you can open up for business , so to speak . Hopefully , now Amy at least gave you some answers . Uh , what you do with it is up to you . But my suggestion is listen to what she says . I 'm definitely gonna listen to what you suggest I do , because now I feel like I have some tools to start with to .. To put a stop to it . Coming to terms with your abilities can be a difficult process , but once Kristen learns how to separate the good dead from the bad dead , she 'll be able to keep herself and her grand-kids safe from harm . Subs created by : David Coleman .
