 Subs created by : David Coleman . She was lost and scared . I 'll hear my name being called . I got grabbed . Her head 's , like , just .. If you came under her spell , you did what she said . These people were absolutely terrified and desperate to get out . And she was up there . - It 's a horrible death . - Not a good way to die . I can 't help you unless you tell me the truth . They 're collecting the dead . Oh , my God , it 's so awful . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house , has secrets . Aren 't you terrified , being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist " . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . It 's bad . And we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I never cross paths during our investigations . I focus on research , interview witnesses , and uncover secrets from the past . I 'm in Olalla , Washington , about an hour out of Seattle . I 'm headed over to meet a teenager named Logan . He says there 's a lot of strange stuff going on in this house , and he thinks his family 's in danger . He sounds pretty shaken up , so we 're gonna see if we can figure this out for him . Before Amy enters a location , I have to clear the area of anything that could influence her findings . This home has a lot of family photographs , so it 's important that I take my time to cover or remove them all . There 's this lady who wanders around . Her face and all her teeth are , like , bashed in . Oh , it 's such a mess . Like , it 's all nasty and bloody and , like .. It 's awful . So , Logan , it 's rare that Amy and I get called in by somebody so young . How old are you ? I 'm 18 . Okay . Um , what 's going on that you need us to come in and investigate ? Well , I 've heard whispering , and I 've been seeing things since I 've been young and lived here , over in the other house . Okay , so that other house I passed when I drove up - is .. You used to live there ? - Yes . I had some friends over , and we went to the other house and did a séance , and we tried to communicate with the spirits and kind of talk to ' em , but .. I 'm afraid that I set something in motion that I don 't understand , and I called you guys here because I 'm hoping you can put a stop to it . Okay , is there anyplace in this house you can show me in particular ? Downstairs , if you want to follow me . This is where I hear a lot of the whispers . Okay , explain the whispers to me . The whispers sound like a crowd of people . It sounds like it 's really up close , and they 're all trying to talk to you at once , and then sometimes , while I 'm laying here trying to sleep , I 'll hear my name being called . - So does it keep you up ? - Yes . It just goes all night . There 's a lot of yelling , and I also see a lot of bodies on the ground . I feel like a lot of death . Dead people are attracted here and kept here . This person gets fixated , like a collector gets .. It 's kind of like they 're collecting the dead . So , Logan , this is the house you used to live in ? Yes . This is the room where I did the séance . What 'd you guys do ? For our séance , I had a couple of my friends over , and we .. We came in here and just sat in a circle , and it was night , so it was really dark . We couldn 't see . We started asking questions and tried to communicate with the spirits and see if we could get some sort of a response . Anything happen ? We got scratching on the floor . We heard footsteps . One of my friends had gotten shaken . What happened ? She shook and just fell to the ground , and she was crying , and we were trying to figure out what happened to her , and just .. She said that she had gotten shaken from behind . And there was nobody else around to do that , like , to play a joke on her ? No . And this was the first time you did a séance ? Yes . - You sure ? - Yes . I did have a couple more after that , though . How many more ? I kind of lost track . I think I did ten . As a former NYPD Detective , I can tell when a witness is withholding information . So , Logan , let me get this straight . You did ten ? Somewhere around 10 , 15 séances . Logan , you told me you did one séance . Then you told me you did ten . Now I got you to tell me you did 15 . I can 't help you unless you tell me the truth . So what 's the number ? I 've done 17 séances . - You 're sure about that ? - Yes . You might have bit off more than you could chew . - You understand that , right ? - I do now , yes . You said someone is collecting the dead . How would they do that ? I think that .. That if they are , then it 'd probably be , like , some form of communications .. And this is inadvertently holding them there . This is the ( Bleep ) that ( Bleep ) pisses me off . I get very angry when the living communicate with the dead for their own amusement . How do you like that ? You like that , huh ? Oh , why don 't you talk to me , why don 't you talk to me ? Come on in . Talk to me . I feel like someone is tormenting the dead here and the dead are trapped because of it . Bad . I get very angry about this ( Bleep ) . I 'm just ( Bleep ) sick of it . I 'm disgusted . Disgusted . It 's not a ( Bleep ) game . They should just tear this ( Bleep ) down . They should just tear this ( Bleep ) down . - That 's what they should do . - Why ? Because this is like a place for dead squatters , and this is inadvertently holding them there . So it 's trapping them ? Yeah , but it 's not just .. The house . The living people are doing it , too . So , Shane , I spoke to Logan , and , um , I was wondering , have you had any experiences here ? I never did , no . I really haven 't experienced anything out here . - Do you believe Logan and his friends ? - I do . You can tell , when something happens , they 're upset about it . - Okay . - You know , and it .. It affects them . All right , so you don 't think they 're making any of this up ? - No , no . - Okay . What do you know about the property ? We 've heard that , uh , that there was a Dr. Hazzard that set up shop out here , and that she had , uh , done some pretty terrible things to people . Uh , there 's these , like , victims . Uh , victims of .. Of terrible people . And then , like , back here , there 's , like , this space that 's , like .. Like , for .. For the bad people who , like , killed people . It 's awful . So did you build this place or did somebody else ? My wife and I built this house , and we wanted to incorporate some of the old house into it , and so we took pieces like the bannister from next door and brought it all over here as one unit to put in the new house . Did Logan stop having experiences when you guys moved ? At first , nothing really happened , but as time went on , it seems like more events have occurred . Shane , I gotta ask you , as a Father myself , I mean , how do you feel about what Logan did as far as the séances go ? All right , you know he did 17 ? I had no idea that it was that many . How do you feel about the paranormal ? You know , I 'm a skeptic , but certainly , there 's something going on that 's affecting my family . There 's , like , somebody screaming . - Male or female ? - Female . She 's screaming , and there 's , like , chaos . Aah ! What the ( Bleep ) ' s going on ? It 's , like , so much pain . It 's so much pain . It 's so much ( Bleep ) pain . What is ? This dying . And I 'm hearing crackle , pop , crackle , pop , and then it .. Her head 's , like , just .. She 's going higher to get away . She fell down .. And broke her face open . She does the face thing , like , her face is all busted and bloody and nasty . And she was up there . She goes in and out of the wall a lot . So , Lori , I spoke with your husband and Logan . Logan , in particular , seems to think he might have stirred some things up - that might not be so good . - Mm-hmm . Sometimes he does feel that way , and when he 's got a whole group of .. Of teenagers together , they get scared . Now one of his friends , he told me , uh , had an incident where she got .. - Touched . - Mm-hmm . Yeah , that did concern me , and so I told him that maybe he was bothering spirits or ghosts , and maybe he should stop doing that . What about you ? Have you seen anything ? I have had experiences , yeah . Okay , so do you think anything here could cause you guys any harm ? I think the boys think that sometimes , but I don 't . The dead lady from the other house , who likes to show her blood and gore .. She does have a plan . Her plan is , make her jump or fall down . The angry woman with the broken face is out for blood . I think she 's plotting against a woman who lives in this house . Serious , uh .. I don 't know how she exactly wants to execute this plan . I think she wants to do her the same way that she did herself . Make the .. The living person .. F .. Fall down . Why ? Why does she want to do that ? She feels that this living person is her obstacle to leaving . Is she right ? Yes . This is a freaking war . Both Logan and his Mom Lori mentioned a girl who had a pretty frightening experience during one of the séances .. So I 'm going to meet with her and get a firsthand account of what went down . Logan was telling me you attended a séance with him . Yeah . He has friends come over every once in awhile , and we turn off all the lights and we wait until we hear something . All right , but something happened one night . Oh , yeah . I got grabbed in my back . Immediately , I blacked out and fell to the ground and almost hit one of the kids who was laying on the ground . They all picked me up . I don 't remember walking . I think they all carried me outside . Somebody wasn 't playing a joke , I hope . No . There was no one behind me at all . Getting pushed . I 'm getting pushed . It hurts , it hurts . I 'm getting .. Shoved in my back . Logan 's done a lot of séances there . Do you think he 's playing with fire ? Yeah . The mood changes every time we go there . Some days , it 's very , very dark and you can feel it 's heavy the moment you walk in . You 're sad and you .. You don 't feel hope . - Would you ever go back there ? - No , never . Ok . - Careful , careful , careful . - Oh , jeez . Weird , I thought this went further back . I 'm seeing a room here . It 's kind of feeling like it might be , like , a doorway , like , a vortex . Okay . Whoever 's been attempting to contact the dead here may have opened a gateway to the other side , and this can be very dangerous . It 's drawing more , um .. Bad , uh .. Dead people . Shane mentioned a Dr. Hazzard who did terrible things to people on his property .. So I 'm going back to his house to meet with a local author who says he 's gonna give me the real story . This place was known as starvation heights . Dr. Linda Burfield Hazzard lived here about a century ago . She had this theory that if she could fast you down , that 's taking you down to skin and bones , she could then build you back up to perfect health . Basically , uh , she was starving you . Did she , like , feed them at first , and then just cut ' em off ? How 'd she do it ? She started them on this fast immediately , which was asparagus broth , water . They didn 't get any food for about 40 days . Lots of people died here , and a lot of people tried to get away . I mean , people that lived in Olalla at the time talked about seeing these starving people .. They called ' em skeletons .. That were walking out , um , into the woods or to a neighbor 's house to try to get food . I mean , these people that came here were absolutely terrified and desperate to get out . Okay , so how many people wound up dying under her care ? Between 20 and 40 . There 's just too many people here that are just straight up in their death state . When someone dies in a traumatic or violent way , they can be trapped in what 's called the death state . It 's too much ( Bleep ) pain . A lot of pain , these people . So , Gregg , what did Dr. Hazzard do up here ? There 's three things to her treatment . The fast , she 's doing a massage so vigorous that it hurts you , okay ? You 're getting pummeled , and the last thing is the enema . She 's giving you an enema that 's gonna last you eight hours . Is this where she kept patients ? This bedroom up here is where she kept her two most famous patients . Claire and Dora Williamson were these spinsters from England that had a lot of money , so they came here for the treatment . Okay , so what would wind up happening ? One was able to smuggle out a cable through a staff person or somebody to get their nurse from when they grew up to rescue them . - Somebody finally came ? - Somebody came , but they came too late . - Claire had already died . - Okay . That 's how they were able to try Dr. Hazzard for murder . - What did she do with the sister 's body ? - She did the autopsy here . She marked down that Claire had died of cirrhosis of the liver , like she did on a lot of cases , and then she shipped her over on a private boat over to Seattle , to the mortuary . Here 's what Dora looked like before .. And here 's what she looked like by the time she was rescued . Oh , my God . She weighed 38 pounds . Dora talked about how Dr. Hazzard suggested that she kill herself , so there 's also the idea that maybe she hastened a few people to the grave by suggesting suicide . Where 's the woman who fell down the stairs ? She , like , walks back and forth and back and forth . She comes all the way over , and then she just .. Pfft . She felt pressured . She felt intimidated . She might have jumped off the stairs . She was .. Lost and scared and .. Confused and .. She jumped because .. Somebody was gonna kill her anyways . I 'm heading over to the old funeral parlor in Seattle where this quack Doctor took her dead patients . I 'm meeting with a forensic pathologist to find out what kind of suffering these poor people went through as they starved to death . So , Doc , what is this place ? We 're in what was the original funeral parlor where Linda Hazzard would bring the bodies from Olalla . Now she had patients that eventually starved to death . I don 't know a lot about starvation . I didn 't deal with it a lot as a Detective . I was hoping you could take me through what a body would go through when they 're starved to death . The first phase is kind of where you become disoriented , delirious , weak . You may actually have to hold onto a wall while you 're walking up stairs . The second phase is going to be your heart rate is gonna drop dramatically . As things progress , there is a point where your organs are actually cannibalizing themselves . Man , this is some kind of pain . I feel like I 'm gonna explode , like your head and your face and chest are going to explode . Your heart weight can actually decrease by a third of its weight . Your liver can decrease by half . I feel like my ribs are collapsing , or my lungs . Oh , my God , it hurts . The muscles between your ribs and your diaphragm .. They 're shrinking . Well , there 's this pressure .. Aah ! You know , and then he 's fighting to breathe , to live . In the end , you actually asphyxiate , because those muscles just stop working . Just feels like I 'm drowning . This pain is running through me everywhere . I 've never felt anything like it .. Almost like drowning , but without the water . From here up , it 's just like .. And it hurts so ( Bleep ) bad . It hurts , it hurts . People will actually , um , let out these primitive , uttural screams . Just the act of breathing becomes a tremendous effort . It 's a horrible death . I don 't think that 's the way I would want to die . That was really , really horrible . Definitely not a good way to die . Why did they do this ? Linda Hazzard was obviously a sick woman by any standards . Her treatments were unscientific torture sessions where dozens of people died in agony . I need to know what happened to her once she got arrested . I 'm meeting with a legal expert who 's familiar with the case to find out what happened . Linda Hazzard was charged with first-degree murder by the Kitsap County , um , District Attorney . She was a very strong woman who could control and influence anyone around her . If you came under her spell , you did what she said . So , Ron , she 's charged with first-degree murder and she goes to trial . What happened ? Uh , the jury convicted her of second-degree murder , and the reason they couldn 't find her guilty of first degree is the jury did not find that it was premeditated . Linda Hazzard was ultimately pardoned by the governor on a deal that she had to leave the state . Theoretically , she wasn 't supposed to have patients any more , but she came back here , started a health school of some kind . She sets up shop again , basically , - and nobody says nothing ? - It was in the wilderness , okay ? No one knows what 's going on there , but several people died over the next , uh , decade or so . And she was never brought to trial again for anything ? Never charged . - What ended up happening to her ? - That 's kind of ironic . In 1938 .. She , uh , died of her own treatment . Was that the cause of death for her ? Was it starvation ? Starvation , yes . I 'm having a little bit of a hard time .. Wanting to connect with this person . Their body feels small to me , smallish , like , fragile , like , small-boned , like , small .. Like a small frame . ( Bleep ) this hurts , man . Oh , my God , it 's so awful . I would like to sketch a lady that I met . She is very , very angry . - Depressed , and in a lot of pain . - Okay . How about under the eyes ? A little , like , fuller and rounder . - Lower lip , very thin ? - Mm-hmm . And how about her neck ? It was short and thin . Is this the person you saw ? Yes . After completing each of our investigations separately , Amy and I are meeting in the house where Linda Hazzard kept her victims . Here , we 'll reveal our findings to our clients and each other for the first time . Logan is 18 years old , and he 's been having some weird encounters here . This is Logan 's Dad , Shane . Hi , nice to meet you . So with that , Amy , can you tell us a little bit about your walk ? One of the initial things that I got was there are a lot of dead people in this house , in a lot of pain . A lot of victims were , like , touching base with me . And I was looking at the house , and it reminded me of when homeless living people will squat at a location . This is , like , a place for dead squatters , and this is inadvertently holding them there . They should just tear this ( Bleep ) down . - You .. You got that all here ? - Yes . Do me a favor . Logan , explain to her what you hear at night . Yes . Um , down in my room , as well as over in this house , it sounds like there 's a group of people , and they 're all trying to say something at one time , and I can 't make out what they 're saying because they 're all talking at once . You guys know some of the history here . There was a quack Doctor that actually lived in this house by the name of Linda Hazzard . There was 20 to 40 people that we know of that were murdered here . She ran an alternative medicine type of a place where she used different therapies instead of modern medicine to try to cure people of whatever disease they had . In her process , she killed quite a few . She starved her patients to death . What ? Well , that 's how she thought she was gonna cure whatever ailed them . Wow , okay . She killed a lot . She had hundreds of patients . Some of them were kids . So this .. There was a lot of death in this house . There 's so many people , and they 're still dying . What do you mean by that ? They 're stuck in their death state . So they 're constantly feeling how they died . They just feel that all the time . What else were you getting on your walk ? I kept getting the sensation of drowning . Drowning ? Yeah . I felt like I couldn 't breathe . I felt like my head and my chest were gonna explode . What you 're describing sounds like starvation . I interviewed a .. A pathologist , and a lot of what you 're saying are the same symptoms . Your organs cannibalize themselves . What happens is the muscles around your ribcage shrink - and your diaphragm .. - Contracts . You can 't breathe . He said , also , your esophagus shuts down . - You can 't swallow . - Oh , my gosh . So that could sound like drowning because of the symptoms , like , you can 't breathe and you can 't catch your breath . Well , there 's this pressure . He 's fighting to breathe , to live . One of the people that .. I actually got to really communicate with .. Was this woman . Um , she 's really , really angry . I felt like she had fallen down the stairs and she felt , like , pressured to do it . Um , so there was some kind of weird situation going on there . You know , it sounds like two sisters that were here . Claire and Dora Williamson . They were two sisters . That came in around 1911 .. For treatment . Which entailed starvation . This was Dora just prior to coming out here .. And this is what she looked like when they came and rescued her . Oh , my God . Claire wind up not making it . Linda Hazzard separated them , uh , so they wouldn 't see each other . Uh , she tried to manipulate them for their money , because they were wealthy . They were British heiresses . Matter of fact , even at the trial , when Linda Hazzard was arrested , Dora had said that Linda and the staff here tried to tell her to commit suicide . So Claire , the older sister , dies of starvation . Well , you know what ? - She did her own autopsies , this woman . - What ? Yeah , they 'd have every kind of disease but starvation as cause of death . Cirrhosis of the liver was what was written down for Claire . She called herself a Doctor . She was a frickin ' psycho murderer .. - Yeah . - Is what she was . She was getting off on , you know , torturing these people . A lot of the victims are out front .. And you feel it . I did do a sketch of the woman that I saw . Okay , let 's take a look at it . I did do a sketch of - the woman that I saw , who fell .. - Oh , so it was a woman - you did the sketch of ? - Fell down the stairs , yeah . Okay , let 's take a look at it . According to Amy , she sketched the woman who fell down the stairs , which sounds a lot like the sister who died here , but to me , this sketch looks just like someone else . I know it sounds like it may be Claire , but .. I don 't know . It looks .. This is Linda Hazzard . This is the psycho Doctor . - Oh . - I mean , look at the nose . I think it 's .. It 's really close . To me , that 's pretty spot-on . So why would it look like Linda , but act like one of the victims ? So there 's two possibilities as to why she 's taking on characteristics of one of her victims . In one scenario , she could be doing penance . Um , in having to experience all of the pain and .. Emotions and , to some extent , their lives . The other possibility is that she 's feeding . And she feeds off of them , so she pulls their energy . And .. So she can sustain herself . This person feels trapped . She blames the living for being trapped here . I think she 's trying to do harm to someone who 's here . She has targeted , um , a female . In the other house . She 's trying to figure out the best method to .. Inducing this person to fall down the stairs . This is what always amazes me about Amy . No one 's told her that Logan 's Mother lives here , but she knew anyway . What else happened during the walk ? I got very upset at one point . I got the information that someone was trying to communicate with the dead here , and in doing so , had contributed to trapping them here . This is the ( Bleep ) that ( Bleep ) pisses me off . Oh , why don 't you talk to me , why don 't you talk to me ? Come on and talk to me . I get very angry . Logan conducted 17 séances in this house . He thinks he might have caused this , so he thinks he inadvertently started something he can 't finish . I feel bad that I .. That I sort of stirred things up , because I had no idea what it would .. What it would do . I feel .. I feel guilty for .. Maybe setting these things in motion . You have to understand , like , when you 're doing things like that , it actually puts them in more physical pain . So .. Maybe you 're communicating with , you know , these people , um , and yeah , we want to get rid of them and all of that . Um , but the victims are in already a state of confusion , and when you do that , it causes them more pain , like , physical pain . The victims are still in their death state , and they died here . They 're not going anywhere . She 's feeding off of them so that she can become mobile and do whatever the heck she wants to do , and what does she want to do more than anything ? She wants to kill . Yeah . And she feels , for whatever reason , the attraction to .. Your wife and your Mother is her intended victim . And that 's her goal right now . This is her path , and she 's a murderer . Listen , it 's clear how serious this situation is . Um , the question is now , is how do you undo it ? Um , for that , Amy 's gonna have to answer that . So there 's a lot of different things here . The house .. Why is it still here ? Um , because I 've been taking pieces from it to use to finish the house next door . By getting rid of this house .. You will be releasing , so many people . The victims .. Will be able to .. Detach . And , granted , it 's not gonna be a wonderful process for them , but it 's a process that they 've needed to go through for , like , a hundred years or something . So they 'll detach from the house , they 'll detach from her , and they 'll start to go through their death process , so they 'll actually go beyond just being in that physical pain of just dying . I 've encountered a lot of dead who attach themselves to a property , or a part of a house , but this case is different . The dead are connected to the structure itself . Tearing it down should help most of them to move on . As far as you 're concerned .. You need to step out of the paranormal for now . So I 'm getting from what you 're saying that you think he 's a sensitive . Yeah . I think we 've thought that he 's been sensitive for a long time . You know , because so much of this has happened to him - more than anybody else . - Anybody else , right . - Knocking off the séance nonsense .. - Yes . Is the first step . I mean , this is not a game , especially when she 's talking - about your Mom maybe being in danger . - Yeah . - Do not play games with this . - Definitely . Shane , tell me the truth . Are you gonna listen to Amy and tear this structure down ? Well , I 'm gonna tear it down , for sure . It 's definitely coming down . How do you feel about that ? N .. Now that I know what is happening , I think it should go . Okay . Although the solution may sound extreme , Logan and his family face a lot of obstacles if they want to keep living here . I really hope they follow my advice so that both they and the dead can find some peace . Subs created by : David Coleman .
