 Subs created by : David Coleman . Like , I just see pain and suffering . It feels like something 's draining the life out of me . Somebody is screaming and yelling . Kinda going crazy . You think she should move out ? If it were me , I would . I don 't like feeling like I 'm being watched . There was a massacre in the 1830s . Bandits , outlaws . I don 't know . I think this guy was murdered . There was some Ku Klux Klan activity . I get some uncomfortable gatherings , probably like KKK . Uh , a lot of death . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me . The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . To avoid influencing each other , Amy and I conduct our investigations separately . I 'm here to meet with a woman who claims to have experienced a lot of crazy things in and around her home . She lives in the middle of the woods and feels trapped inside by the evil she believes is outside . She thinks her life is in danger , but she 's refusing to leave . I 'm hoping Amy and I can help her out . Before Amy enters the location , I have to cover or remove all personal items , including religious icons . This way the client 's possessions won 't influence Amy 's perceptions during her walk . As I approach this location , I can already hear dead people speaking to me . There 's lots of death and pain and sorrow here . They 're telling me this is a very unstable place , and that there are many different entities here .. All with their own agendas . I 'm seeing , like , a lot of .. Bones ? There is pain .. And suffering . I 'm so glad you 're here . What 's going on ? I 'm seeing things , hearing things , and I think it 's affecting my health . Okay . It 's probably the worst health I 've ever had in my life . Well , let me ask you a question . Do you own this place , or you rent ? I 'm renting it . - You rent . - Right . So walking away from it is not a big deal . It shouldn 't be at all . I should be , like , running . Yet I feel it would be the end of the world if I leave this property . So you have a connection to this property . Uh , an emotional connection like a woman to a bad man . All right . The stuff that 's going on , is it more in the house or outside ? I 'd say 85 % of it is out here . - Outside . - Yes . There is um .. A strong dislike for the people who live here . With the people who are outside . There 's a major clash . But they don 't come in here . Okay . They don 't come inside . They make it known in other ways . Like what ? Knocking at the door . Shaking the trees . Hooting and hollering . Pretty powerful stuff . Big clash . So , Annie , you said a lot of activity happens .. Out here in the woods . What 's going on ? What do you see here ? Up over here I 've seen men that look like Indians just moving amongst the trees . And you mentioned shadow people ? The shadow people . There 's two to four of them . And where I 've seen them is literally right here where we 're standing .. Right in this area . I watched them just kind of move around back in here between the trees . They 're about as black as your shirt , deep black smoke . That 's contained in the shape of a figure . Now is there anyplace else on the property you can show me that , you 've seen some stuff ? Absolutely . Okay . In the middle of the night , I got up , got out of bed . Got my dog . And saw what appeared to be figures in hoods and long robes . Walk in a line from one end of the this field across in front of me . And simply fade into the brick wall . Scared me to death . They come across . They hit that wall and disappear . Yes . Right through it , as if it wasn 't there . There 's these people and .. They 're making a big bonfire . They 're drinking and hanging out . There 's , like , some negative reason why they 're together . Okay . How did they look ? They 're completely white . Their jeans are white . Their shirt 's white . Their skin 's white . Their hair 's white . Their eyes are completely white . It 's not good . It 's bad , really bad . Annie , can you describe the kind of pains you 're going through ? Well , I have a degenerative disc disease in my back . And it seems the more the activity , the pain spikes with it . And the fatigue gets worse . The activity and your pain seems to go hand in hand . Does that sound right ? Yes , it does . It feels like something 's draining the life out of me . The people who are outside .. They 're causing issues . It 's causing emotional distress . I think it might make them physically sick . Are you picking up on some symptoms ? Gut . Intestine .. You know . Very bad . It 's all inside of them . In this particular room , I 've seen a man . Who is always in this area when I see him . - This corner here ? - That corner right there . And he 's medium height .. 50-ish , kind of rotund with a ruddy complexion . Does he look at you ? I think sometimes he 's watching me . What it feels to me emotionally is that he 's lost . Uh-oh . What 's wrong ? " Something " standing there . Why do you say " thing " ? Uh-oh . Oh . Oh , boy . I think it 's a shadow person . Uh-oh . What 's wrong ? Oh , boy . I think it 's a shadow person . Shadow people are evil entities . No one knows where they come from , but they 're very dangerous . Somebody is screaming and yelling .. Like a maniac . A woman yelling at .. " Something " .. " Something " standing there . I 'm seeing this shadow person through the eyes of a woman who is terrified . I 'm , like , trying to figure out if it 's a real shadow person or if that 's how she 's perceiving it . Because I 'm definitely seeing it from her .. Her perspective . If that 's really what she saw , that 's really .. Creepy . But as I take a closer look , it appears that this is really a dead man . I just see his hair , kind of wavy .. Thick wavy .. Maybe 40s , and bad things did happen . Bad things did happen . Joel , how long have you lived here ? Uh , since August last year . Now what 's your relationship with Annie ? She 's .. She 's like a step-mom to me . She 's a very , very close friend of mine . - You work as a truck driver ? - Mm-hmm . How often are you here ? Normally I 'm here once every six months . When you first moved in here and Annie told you what was going on , I mean , what was your impression of that ? I thought it was just hocus pocus . And I 'd .. I 'll believe it when I see it , you know ? Unfortunately , I have seen it , and I 've felt it . Let me ask you , do you think she should move out ? Yeah . Because I don 't know if it 's gonna hurt her . What experiences have you had here ? I 've walked into the room about 2 : 00 in the morning , and it feels like somebody just stuck my finger in a light socket . You mean , like a elec .. Uh charge ? Yeah , it 's like an electrical charge . You get shocked . - Just by walking in . - Just by walking in the room . Your hair will stand up on end . I 've been touched on that bed . Like , I 've had a full hand on the side of my face , stroking my face . It 's freezing cold when it touches me . It 's like icicles . What about outside ? Outside is a totally different story . Normally I don 't go out after sunset . Big guy like you ? There 's just stuff out there that I don 't know , and I don 't like feeling like I 'm being watched . There were bad things around . It was , like , outside . What 's happening outside ? All I know is that it 's not right . I hear the word " Satan . " Satan . Satan .. So , Joel , why are we out here ? I 've been grabbed in the driveway , literally , like , forcibly grabbed . And at the same time it happened uh , it sounded like somebody was saying " hey " really loud . Has anything else happened to you over here ? There 's been a couple times that I 've come out here , and if you look by where those trees are at , you 'll see , like , a full-bodied person standing there . What time of the day you seeing it ? Right as the sun starts to go down . You 'll see ' em up in the trees . - In the trees ? - Yeah . And you can actually see them looking down on you . I 'm trying to figure out what 's going on . There 's , like , people in the trees ? A lot of people in the trees . Was this something that happened in the past , or is this happening now ? I don 't know . Describe ' em for me . You don 't ever see the whole , entire , like .. A human body , three-dimensional . It 's only two-dimensional . You just see the front side , or you see the back side . So like a cutout . Yeah , it 's kind of like a cardboard cutout of a human body . Okay . They do look weird . What do they look like ? Like if you drew them on a piece of paper and then just cut it out . But they 're like white paper cutouts ? Like paper , paper white . And they 're , like , jumping from tree to tree to tree to tree to tree . Um .. And there 's , like , yelling and hollering . Do you see the facial features at all ? If they get close enough , sometimes you can see , like , a white mist . - Okay . - But you don 't actually see eyes or anything like that . Okay , so you don 't .. You 're not seeing features . No , I 'm not actually seeing features . What 's your biggest concern ? I don 't know what this stuff is , and I don 't know if it 's gonna come in the house . And they , hmm .. Like , make the trees shake and hit the house . And they bang on the walls . They knock at the door .. Things like that . And they make noises .. Like , weird noises . Why ? They just .. They don 't like the people who live here . They are disgusted . I 'm trying to figure out what 's going on with the people in the trees . There 's , like , a celebration going on , but .. I don 't think it 's good . They 're completely white , like if you drew them on a piece of paper and then just cut it out . They just .. They don 't like the people who live here . They are disgusted . Annie mentioned seeing an apparition of a guy in her dining room . So I 'm looking into the property 's history . And it turns out that the last resident was a man named Fermin Goforth . He died in 2001 , but I 've still got questions that these records can 't answer . Well , Marlene uh , during my research , I understand that you lived here with your husband ? - Yes . - Okay . Fermin . Now I saw in the records that he had passed away . - Yes , he did . - I 'm sorry for your loss . Thank you . Okay , did he die in the house ? Yes . He died may 22nd on our wedding anniversary . I 'm gonna ask you a bizarre question , and you 're gonna think I 'm crazy , but did you ever experience seeing things in the woods or in the house or anything like that ? Only on the night that my husband died . I know that sounds crazy . And I swear , that night when I went to bed .. He was over me in the bedroom . And I swear I saw him . And , like , he was making sure I was okay . And then after that , I never saw him again . Uh , someone wanted to be here . I think it 's just a dead guy . Yeah , I think it 's a dead guy . As I walk around this location , I keep encountering the dead man I saw inside . He has a strong attachment to this property and seems to be searching for something or someone that 's no longer here . He died , uh , in .. At the property . Or very , very , very close to here . And he walks through the house . He walks around in there . But he is .. He 's kind of a scary guy . I don 't like him . During my research , I was able to find the original owner of Annie 's property , this guy named S.C. Inman . Even though this was the 1800s , I 've tracked down one of his descendents , who still lives in the area . And his wife is the family historian . I 'm hoping she can help me figure out what 's going on . So , Kathy , it turns out that your husband 's ancestors were the first settlers on the property I 'm investigating . - That 's correct . - Okay . I have a picture of them . This is uh , Samuel Chelton Inman . He , uh , came into Texas in 1844 . Did he die on the property ? I 'm sure he must have . Uh , there were no hospitals in the area . Was there a home already there when they bought the property ? No , they built a home . This is the homestead .. The old homestead . And as you can tell , it 's very small . The family history was that he took in uh , homeless boys and gave ' em room and board for .. In exchange for work . And they all fit in this house ? I don 't know how they did , but I guess they were on the floor . So what else can you tell me about S. C. Inman ? He was a Deacon . In the .. In the church , the first church in the area . I 'm hearing , like , a church , but it 's a barn . And , like , there 's actually a lot of people . They 're busy .. Just busy doing stuff . This was a long time ago . - When would you .. - Like , 18 .. Shoot . 1860s , 1870s . You know , like , everybody was , like , sleeping , like .. On the ground and stuff . Oh , there 's sick people sometimes . Uh , there 's sermons sometimes . I 'm definitely getting , uh .. Lots of graves . And again hearing cemetery . Now what was it like in Texas back in those days ? It was very rough , very rough . There were Indians , and there were outlaws . There were a lot of bandits . There was a massacre in the 1830s . But it was a hard , hard life . Right . So they had to deal with all the elements .. - Yes . - The outlaws , Indians . Mm-hmm . Droughts . - Right . - Very common in this area . Well , it looks like they had a rough life . Oh , yes . I 'm seeing , like , some guy digging a .. Digging a grave . So who 's the guy digging it ? Some little , skinny guy . - Uh-huh . - He was , like , a preacher or something like this . Mm-hmm . He definitely is not a pleasant person . And , uh .. He killed him and buried him . He was , like , a preacher or something like this . Mm-hmm . He .. He definitely is not a pleasant person . And , uh .. He killed him and buried him . I saw a skinny man kill another man , but I don 't know why . He was also digging a shallow grave for him . Annie and Joel both say they 're seeing dark shadow figures wearing hooded robes . I 'm on my way to meet with a local historian to see if he can help me figure out who might fit that description and why they 're on Annie 's property . The place I 'm investigating in Cedar Park , I 'm talking to the witnesses that live there , and they 're claiming to see people in robes and hoods . Does that make any sense to you ? The only thing I can think about with robes .. There was some Ku Klux Klan activity here in Williamson County back in the 1920s . Like , seeing a .. Little old white house . And , like , something with fire ? They burned it down . They did . I don 't know . I think those guys might 've burned down a house . As I do my walk , I 'm able to see what the paper people in the trees looked like when they were alive . And they 're showing themselves in white hooded robes . I think they burned down a structure that used to be here , and they want to do it again . They 're all white , probably , like , 10 to 20 of ' em . And , like , this place might burn down . The Klan was prevalent all over Texas , uh , in the early 1920s . But it was particularly vicious here in Williamson County . Uh , and in the Austin area , which , of course , is just South of here . What kind of violent activity did the Klan do down here ? They would do anything short of murdering , and sometimes even murder . I mean , they would , uh , tar and feather people . They would beat people . The general goal was to get people out of the County . They 'd burn down their house . They 'd burn down their church . Uh , you know , anything to , uh .. To try to take control and , like I said .. Get rid of people that they thought were undesirable . I get some uncomfortable gatherings . What do you mean ? Probably like KKK . I think they want to burn this house down . They 're talking about it . Yeah , they really want to burn it down . Mm-hmm , yeah . Why do they want to do that ? Uh , because they don 't like the people . - The people ? - They just .. They don 't like them . I know that . And I think it might happen . While I was uh , interviewing witnesses , they were talking about Indians . Would that make sense in that area ? Oh , yes . This area 's been occupied really for 10,000 years . Those were pretty violent tribes back then . Uh , they were violent among themselves . I mean , they fought uh , the comanches fought the apaches . Uh .. Uh , they had a long struggle for control of uh , this part of Texas . A lot of Indian activity here in the Central Texas area around the Cedar Park area .. A lot of brutality , a lot of death . There were a lot of entities lurking around the property , but the skinny man who was digging the grave for the man he killed stood out above them all . I saw a male , and he was very thin . Okay . Would you tell me about his eyes ? Very light eyes , very light eyebrows . What 's your impression of the rest of his face ? Thin lips . His nose is very straight . He was not pretty . So , Amy , is this .. Is this the man you saw ? Yes . During the course of our investigations , Amy and I have no contact whatsoever . Now we 're going to reveal our findings to Annie and Joel . Now Annie 's been living here for about ten years . We 're here because she 's experiencing some pretty bizarre stuff . Not only is she having experiences here , she feels she needs to be here . Uh , she doesn 't want to move . She feels that she 's drawn to this .. This property . Joel considers Annie like a Mother to him . He 's a truck driver , but he can 't go back on the road till he finds out if it 's okay for her to stay or not . With that being said , uh , Amy , why don 't you start telling us about your walk . When I first got here .. I got that there were .. A lot of scattered bones . And it was both , like , human and animal bones . I kept hearing , um , " cemetery , cemetery , cemetery , " like , over and over and over again . So doing a background check on the property that we 're on , uh , I went back pretty far . And Native Americans did inhabit this property . The Native Americans hunted here . They fished here . They lived here . They also buried their dead here . So when she mentioned about finding human bones , it didn 't surprise me . And Annie 's been seeing apparitions of Native Americans . I 've seen them off and on the last ten years . Amy , what else did you see ? When I entered the house , I was all of a sudden kind of inside .. Uh , of a woman and viewing what she was seeing . And the woman was extremely angry um .. Because she was scared . She was screaming and yelling and throwing things at this thing that I saw through her eyes .. Which looked to be a shadow person . Oh , boy . If that 's really what she saw , that 's really .. Creepy . Uh .. So you saw this in the dining room ? Yes , and it was actually a dead man . He was a pretty stocky , kind of chubby .. Guy with the big , kind of chubby face . That 's my guy in the corner . I 've been seeing him since I moved into the house . Did you know the previous people that lived here ? - No . - Okay . The man that lived here before , his name was Fermin Goforth . He loved this house . His widow Marlene , when I spoke to her .. She said he died in the house . And he died on their anniversary of all things . Oh , Lord . Okay . That night when she went to bed , she saw him floating above her .. Oh , wow . And not in his sick state , but the way he was . This is him right here . Yeah . That 's him . Yeah . That 's him . I see him in the dining room . I 'm sure it 's terrifying for Annie seeing a dead man like this in her home . But he 's unaware that he 's scaring her , and he poses no real harm . What else ? I saw a building that 's no longer here . Um , and it was , like , a church . 1860s and 1870s is what I got . They utilized it for , like , sermons and .. People were sleeping on the ground outside of it . It was a church ? Yeah . The first settler on your land here was a man named S.C. Inman . He started the first church here , and he was a Deacon . What he would do is take in orphaned boys and give ' em shelter in exchange for working on the farm . You see the size of the house . - Yeah . - Whoa . - Okay , you can 't fit .. - No . More than a couple people , so they had to sleep around it I 'm sure they were on the ground itself . Wow . - No wonder why there were so many of them . - Amazing . Okay . And here 's a photo of S.C. Inman . Joel , you had a really big reaction just now . Yeah . What 's going through your mind ? I 've seen that guy before . - They look alike . - I 've seen him . You 've seen him ? In the driveway . Is that the guy that grabbed you ? Yeah . I got touched .. Angrily and physically grabbed . He pulled me forward , and all you could hear was , " hey ! " And just to talk about it right now has got me really unnerved .. Mm-hmm . Because it 's got me scared to the point where I don 't come out here at night . I 've seen him , too , on my walk . And I saw that he killed a man , and , uh , he was digging a grave . So who 's the guy digging it ? Some little , skinny guy .. He really really , really hated the big guy . This guy was murdered . Alright , you gotta understand something . This is back in the 1870s when they settled here . They were fighting off Indians , other settlers . - Mm-hmm . - He 's defending all his kids . It was a very violent time . - Right . - This was the wild , wild west . This is what it was here . Right . I got a good look at him , and he 's the one I sketched . Amy says she saw the same dead man that attacked Joel . So if her sketch matches this photo , it 'll prove to Joel that what he saw was real . I never know who it 's gonna be . So , this is the first time I 'm gonna see it . Oh , my gosh . Wow . Oh .. Wow . Oh .. That 's him . Oh , my gosh . Joel , you think it 's him ? Yeah . The picture to me , just made me feel like .. Like I just knew it was him . Okay , so , uh , what else did you encounter ? The next thing that I saw was all of these people in the trees , and they looked like paper cutouts . If you draw a person on white paper .. And then cut it all out . They 're , like , jumping from tree to tree to tree to tree to tree . And they make noises .. Like , weird noises . This is crazy . I know it 's really bizarre . I know it 's strange . - And they were like .. - No . Oh , okay . This is nuts . - You just described exactly .. - Exactly what I 've been .. - Really ? - Exactly . I mean , you couldn 't get more to a " T " what I see . You just confirmed I 'm not crazy . Literally , I see exactly what you just described . I mean like how .. Have you ever seen what you saw .. - Before like that ? - No . Because it was tough for him to explain it . - And then he used those exact words . - It is . It 's really hard .. Really hard to explain . - What they .. Yeah . - How do you describe it to someone ? Exactly . So I did see them for a moment uh , when they were just regular people-looking . Mm-hmm . And there was a bonfire that wasn 't good . They were all dressed in white . That 's weird . 1920s , the Klan was really powerful down here .. Yep . Right where we are . They burned down churches . They would actually tar and feather . - Huh ? - What ? Everything you 'd think the Klan would do , they did . That 's how powerful they were . Really ? I did see them burning a house down . I did get the distinct impression that they would like to burn your house down .. The reason being they 're disgusted by you . Could the fact that I did a lot of civil rights work .. - Yes . - In the ' 60s have anything .. Yeah , they probably are really repulsed by that . How would they do it ? They 'll make it look like an accident , so , like , shorting out wiring . You 've been having electrical problems . She had a light bulb burst over the kitchen . Out of nowhere , for no reason . I know that they can go into the house , but they were telling me that they couldn 't , because they were just so repulsed . Good . When I first saw the paper people , I was confused . But now it 's clear to me that this is the form the Klan members took after their deaths . They still haunt this place , and I believe they 're just as hateful and destructive in death as they were in life . The big question is , is it safe for you to be here ? I can 't answer that , but Amy can . I would probably move . The reason is because there is so much here . Then you have the KKK . And it 's so many people .. That they may accomplish their mission .. Which frightens me for you . So our investigation went well , and I hope we gave you the answers you were looking for . I know it was a hard answer . Uh , but are you gonna move ? Yes , absolutely gonna move . - I 'm taking her advice . - Okay . She 's had this unnatural pull to this place , and it really disturbed me . So if she separates from this place , - her health will get a lot better ? - Her health will probably improve . Yes . Mm-hmm . I really hope that Annie and Joel follow through with their plans to move out . If not , I 'm afraid that all of the entities inhabiting their property could put them in serious danger . Subs created by : David Coleman .
