 Subs created by : David Coleman . A lot of sadness here . People here didn 't want them . They were , in life , unwanted brats . Did it scare the kids ? Oh , yeah . They were frightened . There was something I saw that scared me . You could see what looked like a head peeking out . If you had a kid , would you let them come here ? Probably not . Things are really messed up . There 's something down there . My name .. Is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people . He is very pissed off . And they speak to me . The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified , being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of The Exorcist . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. That 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I work independently from one another . It 's my job to sort fact from fiction with interviews , research , and hard evidence . I received a call from a woman named Rebecca who works at the Slocum House Theatre in Vancouver , Washington . Apparently , there 's some strange things going on in the building . But her biggest concern is the kids . They come there to see a theater show , and apparently , she thinks they 're in danger . I 'm gonna try to find out what 's going on . As I approach this location , before I even open and invite the dead to communicate with me , I begin to get images flashing through my mind . Before Amy enters , I remove anything that could influence her investigation . This theater contains a lot of information that could be leading . I take my time to remove everything so the building is ready for tonight 's walk . A lot of sadness here . A lot of sadness here . Things are really messed up . Um .. Uh , there 's , like , chil .. A lot of children . Every medium has something that just creeps them out . And for me , it 's dead children . Sometimes I try to tune them out , but there are just too many in this place to avoid them . They 're running around and being happy and happy . Everything 's fine and , uh .. But it 's not . It 's really not . And it 's all .. Um , really messed up . The Slocum House is Vancouver 's oldest community theater . And after 20 years of being the company 's vice president , Rebecca 's grown very concerned about the safety of the children . So I 'm going to meet with her and see how Amy and I can help out . Why do you need me and Amy to come in ? We 've noticed that the activity has increased recently . And , uh , mostly when the kids are here . And I think it 's frightening the kids . We usually have two classes of kids in the summertime , and this year we didn 't have any sign up at all . And I think they 're just frightened to be here . Uh , what kind of things are going on ? We 've had apparitions , um , voices , um , things being moved . You know , a little bit of everything . Okay . Are you ever frightened when you 're here ? Yeah . Why would you stay here ? It 's my job . Okay . But your concern is for the kids . Absolutely for the kids . It dramatically increases when the kids are here . - Okay . - That 's my main concern . I want the children safe . Okay . There 's a lot of kids here . I don 't like that if they 're dead . Mm-hmm . Like , how many kids ? 10 to 20 kids . And are they all from the same period ? - Like , are they all interacting and .. - Yeah , yeah . They 're just being loud and running around , kind of torturing the adults here . They 're just acting crazy . Uh , so , Rebecca , this is the theater ? Yeah . Okay , what happens here ? We were doing a show , and just as we were going for a curtain call and bowing , there was a vase of flowers on a bookshelf , and it flew off and landed center stage . But was anybody there ? Nobody was there . We were all up front bowing . So I guess the audience sees this . Yeah , the audience did see it . What else happens in this room ? There was this one time where the children were here , and we turn off all of the lights and they recite their lines to make sure they know them . And as they were doing that , they were looking on the stage , and there were lights flying all over the place . And what did it look like to you ? Actually , it looked .. Kind of looked like fireflies or something . And it had nothing to do with production lights or anything like that ? No , no , no , it was totally dark in here . We turned all the lights off . Did it scare the kids ? Oh , yeah . They were frightened . People here didn 't want them . Their families didn 't like ' em either . Mm-hmm . They were , in life , unwanted brats . They were .. Spoiled or , like , rotten , rotten . Did they live here or did they just come .. I don 't know . I don 't know . I wonder why * * oh and , there 's bunk beds . Bunk beds . Oh . Why ? Why would you do this ? There 's , like , six .. Six of them . Six what ? Girls . Things are really messed up . So , Rebecca , what happens down in here ? Um , I 've heard children laughing . - In the basement here ? - Yes , in the basement . - Were there any kids in the building ? - No , no . This was late at night . It .. It sounded like there was two or three kids in the corner . And like they were playing a game and laughing with each other . And I .. I looked . Of course , there was nothing there . So is there anything else you might have heard or seen down here ? I was down here by myself and I saw something shoot across in the back corner as if it were trying to hide from me or something . It looked like a younger teenage girl . That 's interesting . Okay . I hear someone running . A girl running down this hallway . There 's a young girl , uh , and she 's yelling at another girl . They 're teenagers . She wants her to leave her alone , and she 's a stupid [ Beep ] . There 's , like , three s .. Three sisters . There 's one in particular , um .. And she 's probably , like , 18 or something , and blonde hair , brown eyes . She 's , like , 5 ' 2 .. And she 's crying a lot . What can you tell me about the house that could help me in my investigation ? This is not the original location of the house . The house was actually located about a block over and down a little bit . And we had it moved here in 1966 . So we 're really close to where it was . Exactly , yeah . What about this basement ? At the old site , there was no basement . This we did . This was all underground . Well , I guess .. Do this . Oh , uh .. I don 't like it . What 's wrong ? I don 't know . I don 't like it in here . I , like , felt like I walked through a wall . Oh . And then I got scared , because I .. There was something I saw that scared me . Someone here hates children . Hates ' em . There was something I saw .. That scared me . And it went down . It got sucked into the ground . It was a big guy , I think . A big guy . Yeah , uh .. I don 't like him , and that kind of made me nervous . So the guy went in the .. Into the floor .. Uh , over in here . And he 's running because he doesn 't want to be bothered . He is kinda scary , this guy . He 's like 7 feet tall . He 's huge , and he 's , like , really broad .. A big , broad guy . Kim , thanks for meeting with me . Uh , I spoke with Rebecca . Uh , she told me what was going on and some of the concerns she has . Have you experienced anything or seen anything ? Yeah , um , mostly , I don 't like coming down to the basement by myself , because it just makes me feel really nervous down here . I was closing , uh , the cellar door , and a man , very distinctly , in a brown suit , short cut , steel-gray hair , kind of stocky , walking directly under there , and I said , " hey , what are you doing ? " Because I thought it was somebody downstairs taking a tour . And I looked around , and there was nobody down here . Anything else that you 've seen in the basement ? There 's a .. A .. An old air vent that 's , um , right in the ceiling here . And I cover it with a piece of paper when I 'm doing a show because it makes me nervous . It feels like , you know , things kind of seep up into it and mess with my lights . Th .. Things don 't work properly when , you know , when I 'm up there . This big guy , you know .. And , you know , if there 's a sensitive , occasionally , they 're gonna see him . And he , uh , he was probably like 5 ' 7 .. But he was a pretty .. Pretty stocky guy . In death , entities can project themselves the way they want to be seen . The 7-foot man I encountered in the basement was really only 5 ' 7 when he was alive . He doesn 't like children . He might be aggressive . And he , like , shakes ' em sometimes . There 's a really uncomfortable feeling up here . The men 's costume room right behind you , I always feel like there 's a man in there or there 's a male presence . It 's .. It 's .. I just feel like I 'm being followed . Did you ever experience anything ? Yes , one time during a show , um , we could hear what sounded like kids running , um , things getting knocked over , shoes dropping . So we came up to investigate and we didn 't see anybody up here , but the two other people I was with , um , were looking down the hall , and they could see what looked like a head , you know , peeking out . Kim , I don 't understand . You 're .. You 're .. - Uncomfortable in the basement . - Right . - You 're uncomfortable up here . - Mm-hmm . There 's things going on in the theater level . Why would you stay here ? I .. I come here because I like doing what I 'm doing . And it 's one of those pride things , you 're not gonna let it beat you . I 'm getting really mad . You 're getting what ? - Angry . - Why ? Because they 're not being clear about .. What they want . Shaun , I understand you were the stage manager here at some point . That 's correct . Let me ask you a question about Rebecca and Kim . I mean , are .. Are they legit ? They crazy ? What 's the story ? Nothing about them , to me , would seem crazy . Okay . Do you , uh , know , if , uh , when kids have been present , has anything happened once the kids are here ? When the kids are here , it definitely wakes the house up . Did you have anything happen here ? I will hear my name being called , usually from this point , from the greenroom . It won 't be like a , " hey , Shaun . " - It 'll be .. - " Hey , Shaun . " And there 's nobody here . What else happened ? I 've seen a man in the men 's dressing room . He 's standing in the window , almost to greet you . - Shaun , if you had a kid .. - Mm-hmm . A young kid , would you let them come here ? Probably not . It 's an old man . Ooh . He 's old . And he , uh , is tired of children , because he thought they were rotten . All I know is that old man didn 't like ' em . He initially liked children . And then he grew to hate them . There 's some mental illness here . Yeah , crazy . " Crazy " in big letters . - What does that mean ? - It 's just " crazy " in big letters . That 's what I see . " Crazy . " Where do you see that ? Like , just words written on a plaque . " Crazy . " There 's some mental illness here . Yeah , crazy . " Crazy " in big letters . " Crazy . " There are plenty of crazy sightings at the Slocum Theatre . But before I start digging into its past , I want to make sure there 's nothing structurally wrong with the house . That might cause things to just move on their own . It 's a long shot , but I 've called in a building inspector to give the house a once-over . Kurt , thanks for coming out to meet me . Absolutely . There 's claims of objects moving from one side of a room to another , stuff falling off shelves for no reason . What I need to find out , and I know it 's a long shot , is if there 's anything structurally in this house that would cause that . For something to move all the way across a room , we 'd have to have something pretty dramatic . I would think we 'd be able to find that if it 's here . With over 20 years on the police Department , I know that you have to rule out the obvious first . Since the house was moved , I 'm hoping that 'll explain why things have been shifting around . So , Kurt , what did you find out ? Well , I didn 't find anything that would justify the items falling off shelves or being moved from one side of the room to another . We have some slight areas of unevenness that are not level , but nothing like you 're describing . So there 's nothing extreme here . Nothing extreme . Now that I know the Slocum Theatre is structurally sound , I 've gotta start digging into who lived and died here . So I 'm going to speak with a local writer who knows this town inside and out . Jeff , thanks for taking the time to meet with me . I appreciate it . Uh , I know you 've written several books , uh , about the Vancouver , Washington , area . My interest is in the Slocum House Theatre . I was wondering if you could help me out with that . The Slocum House was built by Charles and Laura Slocum in the late 1870s . You know , you can tell , they 're obviously well-to-do people , and I can imagine them , when they first got married , being really , really happy together , buying that big , huge house lot , and then ten years later , starting to build their dream house for a whole bunch of kids and cousins and things . And yet , as life went on , they didn 't have any children . Obviously , the house is built for a large family . It .. It was . And .. And Charles was gone a lot , and so she was really kind of stuck , and she more or less adopted all the neighborhood children as surrogates . So there would be birthday parties all the time , and little plays for the children , and .. And I think any occasion she could find , she would bring the children in . This one lady , she was .. She was trapped , um , and didn 't like her life , and , uh , uh , there 's like chil .. A lot of children . I don 't know if they 're dead unwanted brats . I 'm hoping they 're just residual . Aren 't the kids a part of this family here ? Nope . They come from somewhere else ? Yeah . Do you know what the reason was why they didn 't have any kids ? No , I honestly don 't know , but they both started a little late . He was almost 30 , and she was in her mid 20s , which , for back then , that was pretty old . Right . Uh , but Charles was away a lot . I mean , he had business interests all the way into Idaho , places like that . This man , he just wants to be away , and so he goes away a lot . He 's unhappy that , uh , this is how his life turned out . Now what I need to do is dig into the property 's history before the Slocums were there . I 'm headed over to the Clark County historical museum . Hopefully , I 'm gonna get some leads over there . In a case that dates back to the 1800s , it 's hard to find solid evidence . But I 'm able to uncover two pieces of info . A guy named Amos Short once owned the land where the theater sits . And he was involved in a bloody land dispute resulting in two deaths . They 're putting bags on dead people . And there 's all these bugs . And it smells because their bodies were rotting . It was just really bad . They 're putting bags on dead people . And , uh .. And there 's all these bugs . And it smells because their bodies were rotting . I finally got some solid leads at the library . It turns out that a man named Amos Short had a legal claim to the property that the Slocum Theatre sits on . Some land developer called Hudson 's Bay Company wanted him off . Apparently , Amos wasn 't having it , and he shot two of their guys . Now I have to meet with a local historian to find out what led up to that incident . I found out about Amos and Esther Short , that lived on the property where the Slocum House Theatre is . Mm-hmm . What do you know about Amos and Esther Short ? Well , Amos and Esther Short came out on .. On the Oregon trail . They eventually had , I think it was 12 children . And they filed a land claim , uh , where that house is located now , but there were competing , uh , individuals and organizations for that land . The Hudson 's Bay Company was here , and they wanted the Shorts to leave . And when he was gone , Esther was harassed . It was an individual , Dr. Gardner , and a Hawaiian gentleman from the Hudson 's Bay Company . They harassed her on a regular basis . Uh , destroyed their agricultural fields , and they burned her cabin down three times . I mean , there was a lot of harassment here . There was someone here who was a Doctor at some point , and this educated man did not like women . Didn 't like them at all . Gardner and his assistant , uh , come on to the property . They have a confrontation with Amos , and then he gives ' em a verbal warning , asking them to leave . And then the shooting happens . And he winds up killing both of them . Right , right , and .. And he 's acquitted of self-defense . So Amos Short killed the two men who tried to run him off his own land . But I need to know what happened to Amos and his wife after that . So I managed to track down a relative of Esther Short to see if she could provide me with more details regarding this case . What 's your relationship to Esther Short ? I 'm about , uh , five generations down from Esther Short . This is , uh , Esther when she was a young woman . Now when Amos wasn 't around , did they try getting her off the land ? Oh , yes . I don 't know how many times the Hudson Bay people , uh , put ' em on a raft and sent ' em down the river . Probably three or four times . - The kids .. - The kids . - And her ? - So it was in the middle of the winter . One of those times , she was pregnant when she was put on that raft . So these had to be pretty brutal men to do something like that to her and ten kids . I mean , it was just like they didn 't exist . So Esther and Amos suffered some serious hardships . Oh , yeah . Amos was just determined he was gonna be here . But he went to , uh , San Francisco with a load of potatoes , and then on his way back , the whole ship went down , there were no survivors . Was it accidental ? I do not know , but I suspect that had something to do with the antagonism . There was a .. A big event . Someone 's lost and people are running all over . Inside the house , there 's a panic . I feel like the person who 's lost is a male . Uh , they 're scared because this male , uh , they would be lost , uh , without him . Now what happened to Esther after Amos died ? She had to take care of her kids . She eventually ended up having two different hotels . She ran those , and she did everything she could to make it succeed . And I think she was tough enough and strong enough that she was absolutely determined that she was gonna leave a legacy for her kids . I came across several dead people on my walk . But I decided to have a sketch artist draw the most prominent one , the angry Doctor . There was a male . He had a heart-shaped face . Um , what can you tell me about his nose ? It starts pretty high . The bridge is pretty high . Did it look sort of like that roughly ? Proportion-wise and everything ? I think his nose is a little thinner . A little thinner . Okay . Yeah . What can you tell me about his eyes ? They 're deep set and they 're a little bit far apart . And what can you tell me about his hairdo ? It came down pretty .. Pretty low . Then it 's all slick .. Slicked . Sort of like that ? Yes . Amy and I work independently of one another . Tonight we 'll be discussing our findings for the first time . Well , guys , it 's good to see you again . Uh , this is my partner .. Amy . - Hi . - Hi . They run a theater show for the kids . Correct . Apparently , whenever kids are in the theater , activity in the house goes through the roof . And it 's a big concern for them . They 're worried about the kids and to see if they 're safe . So with that being said , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy and find out what happened on her walk . Well , it was really interesting because I had , um , physical sensations that were a little unusual . It felt like I was walking through walls . And that was downstairs in the entrance to the changing area , I guess . Like I hit the wall , and then it gave . Uh , I don 't like it . What 's wrong ? And that kind of made me nervous . The interesting thing is that there used to be a wall there . We have recently redone that whole basement . And there was another room down there that we actually got rid of completely . Oh , wow . Okay . The house was moved in 1966 from where it originally was . Mm-hmm . And it didn 't have a basement originally . No . So it was all dirt there . - Really ? - Yeah . I also began to feel um , a real sense of despair and depression and loss . And then I met this younger female who was feeling this way . And it seemed to have a lot to do with her and her family . She was missing her husband . - He was always gone and traveling and .. - Hmm . I think she really , really loved him a lot . I got a picture of , uh , Charles and Laura Slocum . They met here in town . They got married . They built that house . Now obviously the house is big , and you would think they built a house that big because they were gonna have kids . So they didn 't have any kids . We don 't know really why . Interesting . A lot of sadness , very depressing , like nobody was ever really happy here . He used to go away a lot on business and then come back . She used to do a lot of events in the house for the kids in the neighborhood . Apparently , uh , it filled the void of not having kids . Once when I was in the theater , um , I was sitting there , and this apparition of this woman came walking past me . And she had long hair , and she .. She didn 't acknowledge me . She just kept walking right past . And you think it 's her ? I do . I do think it 's her . So , Amy , what else did you see on your walk ? I came into contact with residual imprints of children . People here didn 't want them because they were .. Spoiled . They were , in life , unwanted brats . And there were at least ten of them . They were running , yelling and screaming and jumping and .. Any adult , they 're like , on , and , um , wanting attention , and .. Yeah , it was kind of overwhelming , just , like , how much , how loud , how active these kids were . We tend to hear noises , especially when kids are present , and , uh , Shaun and Rebecca saw what looked like a smaller head .. Kind of peeking around . I just opened the door and said , " okay , you guys , knock it off . " " We have a show . We need you to stop making noise . " And , uh , yeah , nobody was upstairs . I also saw an elderly gentleman . He traveled all the time . Then I got the educated man . He hated women and .. He didn 't like children . You know , I went back a lot further than the Slocums . Uh , the land that house sat on was originally owned by , uh , Amos and Esther Short . Uh , it wasn 't even U.S. soil at the .. At the time . And they were in a battle with the Hudson Bay Company . They didn 't want them here . They claimed the land here , that it was theirs . When Amos would go off on business , Esther was left alone with the ten kids . Hudson Bay Company did everything they could to get rid of her . They destroyed the crops . They burned their cabin three times . Even went as far as , two times , putting her and the ten kids in a boat and sticking them on the river with no oars . What ? " Take care . " That 's pretty sick . Shaun , tell Amy about the guy you see in the window . I 'm wondering if he could be one of the three guys Amy saw . Every time I walk into the side door of the theater , the men 's costume room window , a man is standing there watching me . And it 's just this .. Wyatt Earp-looking man . Amy , you sketched one of the men you saw , right ? Yes . Um , I sketched who I felt was the educated man . He hated women and .. He didn 't like children . You know what ? Let 's take a look at the sketch . That 's who I see . Amy , you sketched one of the men you saw , right ? - Yes , I did . - Okay . I sketched who I felt was the educated man . What do you think ? Wow . Yeah . That 's him . That 's the man that watches me in the window . Everything about it is spot-on . Oh , man , the hair is just ridiculous . That 's .. That 's it . The hair was very specific , so .. Yeah . Well , there 's a lot more to the story . Um , as far as Amos goes , at one point , Amos was home , and .. Two men came again to try to get him off the property . Ahh . He told them , " don 't come on my land " " or I 'm gonna shoot . " Gave ' em a warning shot . They didn 't listen . Two more shots , and he killed both men . And it happened right outside the door of the house . - Oh , my gosh . - Wow . Now both of them worked for the Hudson Bay Company . One guy was named Dr. Gardner , and , uh , his assistant , a Hawaiian guy . There was someone here who was a Doctor at some point . He hates the girls , like , the teenage girls . Just hates ' em . Hates ' em so much . Hates ' em . Unfortunately , there is no photo of Dr. David Gardner . I don 't know who this educated man that I saw was , but I do know that he hated women . He died in 1850 . Hardly anybody 's picture was taken back then . But it 's obvious that you and Amy saw the same guy . That 's him . Yeah . A Doctor is obviously an educated man , especially in the 1850s . Now , Amy , you said this man hated children ? Mm-hmm . Yes . Well , we many never know if it 's really Dr. Gardner who 's scaring the children here . But the most pressing question is , is it safe for those kids to come into the theater ? That being said , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy . Well .. In this case , there 's .. Good news . I feel it 's safe for them . But I have a problem with the 7-foot man . He .. Is kinda scary , this guy . And he 's , like , really broad .. A big , broad guy . So was he 7 feet tall , or was he just presenting himself .. - He was just presenting .. - Okay . - In life , he was , like , 5 ' 7 .. - Okay . But in death , he 's 7 feet tall . I think he needs a stern talking to because he is being a hypocrite . He is saying he wants to be left alone , and yet , he 's harassing .. People . So that needs to stop . I think you guys should talk about what each of you has experienced , what you want , what you don 't want , write it all down , and then go down there as a group and read out the whole thing . Be like , " that 's your space , you hang out there . " " We 'll respect that if you respect us . " " If you don 't respect us , then you 're gonna have to go . " I 'm certain the 7-foot-man was Dr. Gardner 's assistant . He 's chosen to stay in the theater , but needs to move on . Amy , what do they do if , after they have this talk with this guy , and it doesn 't stop ? Well , then you 're going to throw him out of the location . Okay . We 'll keep in contact to see how this goes . And if you have to make him leave , then I 'll tell you what you need to do . I mean , now that we know that it 's not dangerous for the kids .. - Yeah . - You know , I mean .. It kinda goes to the personality of the house . It would be , you know , if he wants to stay and he 's willing to follow the rules .. We don 't have any hostility . We just want kids to feel comfortable coming .. - So .. - Right . Right . - Mm-hmm . - Thank you so much . There are several dead people inhabiting the Slocum House , but only the 7-foot man presents any sort of danger . As long as the employees of the theater follow the advice I 've given them , they have nothing to worry about , and the children will remain safe . Subs created by : David Coleman . 1 . 2 .
