 Subs created by : David Coleman . It 's an old home with a lot of history . I just see a lot of dead bodies all over the place . It was like terror just kind of took over my body . Whoa . ( Bleep ) I got , like , pushed out , and it scared me . I was pretty skeptical , but not now , not after that experience . I 'm scared to death of what may happen next . She 's a bad girl . Like , she likes to scare people . Men lost their lives . Some of them were literally incinerated . Oh , it was a terrible way to go . His head was cracked . There 's something down there . My name .. Is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me . The house is angry . But there 's only way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified , being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I never cross paths during our investigations . I dig into the property 's history , uncovering secrets from its past . After we 're done , we meet with our clients and give them answers . But we never know if we 'll deliver good news or bad . Population .. 856 , and that 's including me . A woman named Debbie called us in because of some disturbing things happening at the Mackay Mansion , where she works . This mansion 's been turned into a museum , and several visitors have run out of there completely terrified . Debbie thinks she may be crazy for sticking around . She 's pretty shaken up , and she 's hoping we can find her some answers . Before Amy enters a location , I clear it of anything that could be leading information . This museum has a lot of photographs . So it 's important that I remove them all .. To avoid influencing Amy during her walk . There 's a fire . Somebody help me . Okay . There 's a lot of dead people here . So I 'd say that this town is pretty freaking active . As soon as I arrived , dozens of dead people surrounded me , all wanting to share their stories . I just see a lot of dead bodies all over the place . It 's really bad . So , Debbie , what 's going on here that you needed to call us in ? Well , I 'm a tour guide , and we seem to be having some unusual activity happening here . And it 's getting more and more frequent . We 're hearing things , we 're seeing things , object are moving , and it really scares me . What exactly is the Mackay Mansion ? Well , the Mackay Mansion was where John Mackay had his mining office . He made quite a bit of money up here during his day . And this was where all his businesses took place . - And now it 's a museum . - Yes . Why are you staying ? I love this too much . And how often in life do you find a job that you love to do ? Are you concerned for your safety ? Yeah , because I don 't know who or what it may be , what it wants , and .. And it just makes you feel like it .. What it wants isn 't gonna be good . Wait a minute . There 's a little girl .. Who runs around the place . She 's got long brown hair , it 's curled and put up with a bow , brown eyes , chubby little face . I want to say like 7 , but , uh , she 's got problems . So , Debbie , what 's going on in here ? Well , a lot of people have reported seeing the spirit of a little girl up here . So one night , some friends and I decided to come in here and make contact with her , let her know that we know she 's here . I just kind of said , " you know , if you 're here , " " can you give us some kind of sign ? " And this toy box right here , the lid , all of a sudden comes falling down . This blanket that 's right here starts going up and over this guy 's shoulder , all on its own . He 's sitting right in front of the toy box . I mean , this is heavy . It is . And this got pulled up ? The blanket started coming out . I don 't know . I think I would 've been outta here in a New York minute . I don 't think I would 've stuck around . The little girl 's running around , laughing . " Ha ha . " " Hee hee hee hee hee . " She likes to jump on things . She likes to hide in things . She 's a little rascal . People would get nervous from this . So do people experience her doing things ? I would think that they would . If you 're in bed , you might feel her , like , crawl on the bed . She 's in the wardrobe , and you hear little .. Tick .. Tick .. Tick .. Tick .. Tick .. She 's bad . So , Debbie , what have you experienced down here ? I was on a tour , and all of a sudden , this shadowy figure just appeared by the gazebo . And .. It had , like , these glowing eyes . It was like terror just kind of took over my body , and I .. I couldn 't move . Now have you seen him close ? Yes . Every time it 's been seen now , it 's coming closer and closer to the house . Oh , there 's a big old guy .. A pretty tall dude . Uh , you know , he likes to kinda freak people out , you know ? I 'm seeing a large dead man moving within the shadows . It feels like he 's stalking me , like he 's waiting to attack , and I know I 'm not the first person he 's done this to . Big guy is not so nice . Like , evil . Probably just looks like a big , dark , scary thing . He works really hard at .. At being seen . I don 't like this place . I don 't like it all . There 's a big old guy .. Which probably just looks like a big , dark scary thing , maybe , to most people . He likes to freak people out , you know ? Debbie 's told me all about the bizarre things that she 's been seeing at the Mackay Mansion . But I can 't hang the entire case on a single eyewitness . So I 'm going to meet with a woman who allegedly had a terrifying experience while taking a tour at the mansion . So , Valerie , when did you take the tour here ? I took the tour six months ago . What happened on the tour ? We started to walk , and I was the last one in the back . All of a sudden , I hear what sounded like footsteps . And I just happened to glance over , and I saw this .. Tall shadow .. Man . And he stopped . Turned around and looked at me with these evil-looking , glowing eyes . Did he .. Did he say anything ? Did you hear anything ? He didn 't say anything . He just glared me down with these eyes . Valerie , after this thing disappeared , what did you do ? I dropped to my knees and started crying . I was very hysterical and very scared . I had nightmares . It made me wake up every hour .. Every night . And I couldn 't sleep . I want to face my fears , but at the same time , I 'm scared to death of what may happen next . What he might do next . - You okay ? - Yeah . What 's going on ? I felt like a .. Impact . Somebody shoving , pushing . Okay . Something about .. The ground . Because it absorbed a lot of death . Mm . This is really , really bad . Both Debbie and Valerie have seen a shadow figure stalking the grounds of the Mackay Mansion . Now I 'm on my way to speak with a third witness who says he had a similar encounter . So , Tom , when did you take Debbie 's tour ? Uh , it was back in , uh , I would say November of 2009 . Okay , what happened on that tour ? Down by the gazebo there , I saw a shadow figure . So I kind of hung back , you know , seeing if I could see it again . And then all of a sudden , it felt like I was covered in lead . You know , just heavy , you know ? And , um , trying to move , and I just couldn 't . At that point , I was panicking pretty good . And I said to it , you know , " let me go , " you know , " talk to me or let me go , " and it was like a .. Like a light breeze , it just lifted off of me . So I was pretty skeptical , you know , then , but , uh , not now . Not after that experience . Whoa . ( Bleep ) ( Bleep ) What 's wrong ? I don 't like that room . What 's wrong with the room ? It 's , like , very dangerous . It was , like , I walked in , and it felt like .. I got , like , pushed out . And there was like this .. Wall of , like .. Like a wall of darkness . And then I just felt like I was being pushed out . And it scared me . I gotta start digging deeper into the Mackay Mansion 's past . Especially about the man who built it , John Mackay . And in a town this small , the best place to start is with a local historian . As you know , I 'm investigating the Mackay Mansion in Virginia City . Yes . What I don 't know a lot about is Virginia City itself . By 1859 , we had thousands of people coming in with this discovery of gold and silver . People from around the world were rushing over here to make their fortunes . Mining 's dangerous today . How was it then ? Were there any tragedies close to the Mackay Mansion ? Um , there were . Um , the .. The way the .. The town is , all the mines are underneath . The worst one is the Yellowjacket Mine fire . That was 1868 . The firemen were trying to save people , but because of the heat and the smoke , ultimately , had to , uh , close off the .. The mine shafts . 38 people actually died . There 's like 40 guys . They 're in a group . They 're .. They 're panicked . Do you know why ? I think it 's work related . What can you tell me about John Mackay ? Well , he was an Irish immigrant who came to America in the early 1840s . Uh , he was broke and had to work in the mines at $ 4 , um , a day , and became one of the wealthiest men in the world . What can you tell me about Mackay 's family ? His wife Louise , her first husband , he was a dentist , but by 1863 , he died from an overdose . And so left her alone with a small daughter . So how 'd she wind up with Mackay ? His mining partner introduced ' em . Okay , and at some point , they must have lived in the mansion together ? Yes , and he adopted her , uh , 4 - or 5-year-old daughter that , um , had a disability . She had to wear braces on her legs . Um , but he was wonderful and .. And treated her as his own . There 's a little girl . The same girl as before . She 's a bad girl . Like , she likes to scare people . I guess she 's just playing ? Uh .. Yeah . I mean , she is just playing , but she 's out of control , you know ? She looks healthy , but she wasn 't . So when she meets , uh , John Mackay , he 's not wealthy . But she was accustomed to , I guess , a lifestyle of living with a Doctor . She definitely always felt that she deserved a .. A decent , uh , lifestyle . She enjoyed the finer things . So she wanted to live in the big city and not in a remote mining town . - Yes . - You know , what you 're telling me , I 'm curious , what kind of a marriage did they have ? They wanted different things . He was a miner , and you can tell that he loved her , but she just felt that this was not the town to be in . So she decided to move to Paris . Lots of yelling here . A lot of yelling . And it 's between a woman and a man mostly . What about the man ? What is his relationship to her ? They 're married . A lot of hatred . She leaves a lot , traveling . She 's a nasty .. She 's a nasty , nasty lady . There is a cruel woman who will not leave me alone . She keeps appearing in front of me trying to bully me , and I can tell she enjoys it . She 's , like .. Laughing . She 's cold . Physically , like , just .. She 's right here . . The second I say I don 't like this nasty woman , she gives me an icy touch . I think she does this to living people in the house , too . She 's destructive . I don 't like her . She 's creepy . She doesn 't have a soul . She 's empty . This whole town is connected by 600 miles of underground tunnels where thousands of miners died horrible deaths . So I 'm headed over to meet a guy who knows the mining history in this town inside and out . There could be a connection here . So , Ron , I was talking to a local historian , and , uh , she mentioned that there was a lot of mining disasters here . Mining was extremely dangerous . You were working down as deep as 3,200 or 3,300 feet below the ground . And in many cases , 135-degree temperatures . I was wondering , were any of those disasters close to the Mackay Mansion ? Yes . One about , uh , 100 yards from the Mackay Mansion . You 've got the Gould Curry shaft . A fire broke out , and .. Eleven .. Men lost their lives . Some of them were literally incinerated . What caused the fire ? They never determined that . The air went very quickly , and they probably died within a matter of hours . They simply died of suffocation . So it was a terrible way to go . Right here . This area . Under the ground . Something happened in that .. Something on this .. Ground was bad or .. Was worse before . It was worse . It was worse before . I just feel , like , a lot of death . And I also see a lot of bodies on the ground . Did you know anyone who died in these mining disasters ? My great-grandfather died at 3,000-foot level in 1880 .. And he was 29 . Can I ask how he died ? Something slipped off of the cage that hauled , uh , material up and down , and he was unfortunate enough to be at the bottom of that . It decapitated him , and it killed a couple of other fellas right at that time , and then another one died later . Oh , my God . One guy , he .. Had his head broken . Yuck . ( Bleep ) Uh , his head was cracked . There 's , like , all these men . There 's probably like 40 guys . They 're all in pain . That 's all I can get off of them . Because nobody 's , uh , well enough .. To talk . These men are still in their death state , which means they 're reliving their deaths over and over again . And they 're in too much pain to communicate with me . I feel bad . With so many men dying in these underground mines , Virginia City might as well be built on a graveyard . But my witnesses aren 't seeing men . They 're seeing a young girl and a shadow figure . The girl could be Mackay 's stepdaughter . But how do I I.D. a shadow ? All I can do is keep finding deaths surrounding this place .. And see if Amy can make sense of it . It turns out a pretty gruesome murder took place right next to the mansion in the 1800s . The victim .. A prostitute named Julia Bulette . This Julia Bulette homicide 's got my attention . According to maps , her body was discovered in her home , not far from the Mackay Mansion . I 'm headed over to talk to an historian who 's been obsessed with this case for years . I 'm hoping she can tell me exactly what happened . Julia Bulette was a prostitute that was murdered in January 20 , 1867 . She was a very well-loved and , uh , famous prostitute . The motive was robbery . All of her belongings , uh , were taken . Being that she was a high-end prostitute back in those days , would she have serviced men in her house or would she go to their home ? She did service a lot of the men in her house .. Probably a lot of the miner men .. But she probably serviced , uh , many of the mine superintendents as well . I know the Mackay Mansion used to be a boarding house for superintendents before John Mackay bought it . And given Julia Bulette 's popularity with the men in town , I have no doubt that she had her own key . Yeah , that 's very possible . How old was she at the time of her death ? She was 34 . There was a guy around here . He wanders around the town . He wanders around in here . He was killing ladies . This one lady he killed was .. 30s , 40s . What do you know about the actual physical damage to her ? She was found laying on her left side in the bed . Um , and she had two , uh , blunt force traumas to the head . And then she had a pillow placed over her face . Was somebody arrested in this case ? Yes . There was a gentleman named John Milleain who was arrested . Okay , was he a local ? Um , no . He was a French drifter . He , like , didn 't live here . Uh , or anywhere around here . He 'd travel all over . He was .. Like a roamer . He was crazy . Did Milleain ever go to trial ? Yes . John Milleain , uh , did go to trial . The trial lasted only two days . Did he admit to it ? He admitted to having been there at her property , uh , but claimed that he was with two other gentlemen who actually did the attack . Was he convicted ? Yes , he was sentenced to hang . It was quite the spectacle . I would say the majority of the town turned out . There were two days in Virginia City 's history that the bars were closed . One was the day of her funeral and the other was the day that her killer was hanged . I 'm seeing a hanging around here . Okay . There 's some wacko guy hanging .. Swinging in the breeze . Swinging in the breeze . What 's he hanging from ? A tree , I think . I don 't know . It may be symbolic . It 's psychic , so .. Images of a hanging are flashing through my mind . I 'm seeing a picture of what happened here , and this execution had everyone 's attention . Something about justice .. Like , I just see the word " justice . " I came across a lot of dead people during my walk , but the nasty woman with the icy-cold touch is standing over me , and she 's demanding that I sketch her the way she sees herself . She would be .. Mid 30s to early 40s . What shape was her face ? Her face is round . She has very thin lips . Was the .. Lower lip as thin as the upper lip ? It 's a little bit larger than the upper lip . She is really angry , and she .. Wants to look a certain way . Her hair is dark . Eyelashes are dark . Is this who you saw ? Yes . Over the last several days , Amy and I have been conducting completely separate investigations . Tonight will be the first time we reveal our findings . Debbie is the tour guide here . Uh , she loves this job and she doesn 't want to leave it . But she 's having some experiences that has her a little frightened . Valerie , uh , was actually .. Took a tour here , and during the tour , she was traumatized to the point where she didn 't sleep for two weeks . She had nightmares . She needs answers . She wants to face her fears and find out what 's going on here , so that 's why they called us in . So with that being said , maybe Amy could tell us about her walk . I saw this crazy guy who was killing a lot of women . You know , he did all this .. Strangled these women , mutilated them . It wasn 't just one .. One lady . He makes me feel sick . He was , like , a roamer . He was killing ladies and he was crazy . You know , Amy , that sounds a lot like the Julia Bulette case . Before John Mackay had lived here , this was the home for the superintendents . Most of the time , they didn 't have their wives with them . So the chances of Julia Bulette , who was a prostitute literally a couple of blocks from here , servicing the men in this house is pretty good . Here 's a picture of her . She was 34 when she was murdered , literally a couple of blocks from here , uh , by a drifter . Wow . She was bludgeoned about the head , uh , blunt force trauma , and she was strangled to death . And when they found her , they had .. There was a pillow over her face also . So this guy John Milleain , who I have a photo of , when he murdered her , I guess he wanted to make sure she was dead . It wasn 't the first time he did it . I also saw a hanging . Hmm . Hanging from a tree , like swaying . I did see the .. The word " justice . " That makes sense . Totally makes sense . He was convicted in two days of her murder . But it took a year before he was hanged . What I saw was residual energy , like a piece of a movie replaying over and over . I saw a man killing women , but I couldn 't make out his features . I also saw a hanging . So now this all makes sense . What else did you see ? This woman .. Who was extremely angry . And she was yelling at her husband . Um , she apparently had .. Had a much better lifestyle before she moved here . And went with him . And she was missing that upscale lifestyle . And she was standing by me .. And she put her arm on my arm , and it was , like , ice cold . Ice . She 's , like , destructive . Um .. I don 't like her . She 's right here . . Debbie , let me ask you a question , though . On the tours you do , has anybody ever described that to you ? Oh , yeah . People all the time will say .. " You know , my God , it 's so freezing cold right here , " and they 'll move one foot , and it 's gone . She used to travel a lot . And .. She was just a nasty .. Nasty lady . I don 't really like her . Mackay . The woman you describe sounds awfully like Louise Mackay , the wife of John Mackay , who the mansion 's named after . He lived here . He 's an immigrant from Ireland . He came here , worked $ 4 a day as a miner , and later on became one of the richest men in America . And he married a woman named Louise . They lived here , but she hated Virginia City . She didn 't like it . She felt she was above it . Uh , she came from a pretty upper-class , uh , background , and the marriage wasn 't really much . I mean , she spent most of her time in Paris . Uh , so they didn 't really have a great marriage . Uh .. Wh .. I see that look on your face . What is it ? Um , well , actually , I sketched her . All I remember about the sketch is that she made me do her hair in this , like , ridiculous curly hairstyle that took forever for the artist to do . Wh .. What did you mean , she made you ? She was throwing a fit . While you were doing the sketch ? Yeah . You girls look at this . ( Mouths words ) Not a happy lady . That 's pretty good . It has the same scowl look . She 's got that same look , I mean , in the eyes , you know , just not .. Not happy . It 's like a combination of both . Hmm . And she does not like people here . Hates it . Even though she hated the place herself ? Well , yeah . Anything she thought she owned , she owns . This was her space . This woman may have hated this place in life , but I 'm not surprised she came back here in death . The dead often come back to the locations that had the most meaning in their lives . So when .. If Debbie comes in with a tour with somebody like Valerie , I mean , she doesn 't like that . No . Amy , what else did you see ? A young girl . She is very ill , but she doesn 't look it . And she likes .. To freak people out . She likes to get on the beds .. And , um , jump on things . So , yeah , she 's pretty active . Debbie actually had some .. What would you call it , a test ? We just asked her .. " Can you do something to let us know that you 're here ? " And .. She did . You know , she closed the toy box lid and .. Made the blanket move , and it was like , " yeah , here I am . " Wow . You saw the girl that obviously Amy knows is here . Uh , how does that make you feel ? I .. I think the way that you explained it , Amy , when you described her , that 's the feeling that I get when I 'm up there . Louise Mackay , she was a widow whose husband had died . He was a Doctor . But they had a young girl , a daughter . Oh . And the daughter had braces on her legs . John Mackay adopted her as his own . So did you see this girl 's face ? No . She wouldn 't let me . I hate not knowing if Mackay 's stepdaughter is this little girl , but at least I know she 's not the one terrorizing people around here . The other thing that I saw was , uh .. This really tall , dark mass . And it was definitely masculine energy . And this individual really likes to scare people . Like , to other people , he looks very ominous and very scary . Wow . Ooh . What ? Are you all right ? The other thing that I saw was this really tall , dark mass . He looks very ominous . And very scary . Are you all right ? Okay , so .. At the tour .. All of a sudden .. This tall , dark , shadow man figure . Walks right between us . And .. He stops . Turns around and looks straight at me with these evil-looking , glowing eyes . And he was .. So angry . I literally dropped down to my knees .. And started bawling my eyes out . After that , two .. For two weeks , every single night .. I had nightmares of him . I had his face in my head . Now Debby 's seen this thing also . You could feel .. Feel it in the pit of your stomach . You know , his presence . And it .. It was terrifying . And it 's always that feeling of dread , the feeling of " you need to get away " " from wherever he is and away from him . " Both of you have seen the results of the investigation . And heard about Amy 's walk . The reason you called us in is because you wanna know if it 's safe or not to be here or .. Or what it is . I can 't answer that . Only Amy can . So , Amy , if you can , please . The man that you saw in the yard cannot hurt you . He 's just a practical joker . So I think the best way to approach this .. Is not to fall for it . Because he thinks it 's hilarious . So basically .. Don 't feed into it and he 'll .. Wander about . But there are two other issues that do need to be dealt with . And one is the .. The girl . Um , she should not be here . She needs to go on . I hate seeing dead children stuck in a location . This little girl needs to move on to a better place . The best way for her to do that would be for another medium to come in .. To talk to her . And hopefully , for the medium to , um c .. Counsel her into seeing that it 's better if she completely goes . Unfortunately , I can 't do it because it does take a few days . But I can definitely interview anybody that you find that you feel comfortable with . Um , and then the other one is this .. Nasty lady . She just does not need to be here . The only problem is , that would have to be done by an .. Through exorcism .. Which is something I very , very rarely recommend . You know , Amy , I never even heard you say that word before . She does need to leave . This isn 't her domain . And she doesn 't need to be bothering people . But it needs to be done by someone who will make sure that she .. Moves on not out . - Yeah . - There 's a big difference . Most people think only demons need to be exorcised . But in some extreme cases , dead people can become so powerful , it 's the only way to drive them out of a location . Let me ask you a question , though . Are you gonna listen to what Amy says , and what to do ? Absolutely . I mean , I .. I feel empowered now . - Good . - It 's not something that I have to run away from and fear .. - Mm-hmm . - And that gives me the power to not be afraid . What about you , Valerie ? How do you feel ? I was terrified because I thought that he was evil . But now I feel .. 100 times better . Alright , good . Good . I almost never recommend an exorcism . But this woman 's energy is so negative , there might never be peace in this house until they get rid of her . Subs created by : David Coleman .
