 Subs created by : David Coleman . There 's this thing that can kill people . I felt like I was being electrocuted . Screaming in pain . I heard a little girl scream . You hear a scream like that , you gotta be concerned . Creepy little kids . Dark times for the family . He would like to kill them . Either there 's something in this house or I 'm losing my mind . It attacked . This thing likes death . I don 't like it here . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . When Amy and I work a case , we do it independently . I interview the witnesses and then go to work I 'm down in Uriah , Alabama . It 's a small town about an hour outside of Mobile . Amy and I were called in by a woman named Robin . She never believed in the paranormal till she moved into her dream home . Now she believes . She also believes her life is in danger . I 'm gonna try to find out what 's going on . Names and faces can distract Amy during her walk .. So I need to inspect the house before she arrives and remove any personal items that could influence her findings . As I approach this location , I 'm already picking up on flashes of death in the area . Whatever entities are here , feel extremely powerful . I 'm just a little nervous because .. There were , like , two men that I got . And , um .. They 're both kind of freaky . One 's completely cr .. Insane .. And then the other one is really quiet but he 's much more powerful and bad . I also did see the word " poltergeist . " Pretty much since we bought this place .. You know , strange things have started happening . I 've seen and heard a few things , but recently , I was physically attacked . And I can 't explain it away in my head . I 've renovated a lot of old houses .. And I 've never had any kind of strange experiences . So , Robin , you never believed in the paranormal before . - But you do now ? - Yes . Why not just move ? It 's not really an option for us . You know , we 've .. We 've put our life savings into this place . And , you know , there 's really nowhere for us to go . The moment I opened to communicate with the dead .. An entity started flooding my mind with violent images . There 's , like , definitely , um .. Something really bad . Everybody 's on alert . They 're nervous for me . Who 's " everybody " ? Dead people . I don 't like it here . What 's wrong ? You okay ? Yeah . I don 't like this other guy , though . Whatever is here is evil .. And it wants me out of this house . He doesn 't want me here .. And he doesn 't want me to talk about him and he threatened me , and I 'm kinda scared because .. Because , like , I think he can , like , really do ( Bleep ) .. And I don 't like him . So what happened here ? Little over a year ago , I was following my brother-in-law from one side of the attic to the other , and he had just walked across a plank , and when I stepped on the middle of the plank , it cracked , and I fell through the ceiling . You can see where it 's been repaired right there , but not painted . I fell from there all the way to the floor and the entryway . You fell from that hole in that ceiling all the way down to here ? Yes . All the way down . That 's amazing that you 're not dead . I know . I should be . It crushed my pelvis , and now I .. I have to have my hip replaced . I have no idea why the board broke on me and not a 200-pound man . - That 's bizarre . - Yeah . The 200-pound guy goes across it , no problem . No . And then you go across , and you fall through ? Yeah . Honestly , I don 't know why I survived it . I mean , I 'm thankful I did , but I really shouldn 't be here . So this guy can , like , kill people . - How ? - Strangle them .. Beat them , throw them down the stairs .. Give them a heart attack . Anything he wants , really . Maybe it was a living person then .. But it 's not a person any more . So , Robin , what 's going on in here ? One night , uh , I was awakened .. And when I looked back this way , there was a tall , thin outline of a man . No details , just sort of , you know , shades of gray . That 's bizarre . Yeah , I don 't have any explanation for it , Steve . I 'm .. I 'm at a loss . It 's gotta be driving you crazy . Um , actually , it is . It 's either there 's something in this house or I 'm losing my mind . This area is not safe . This thing , uh .. Likes death . It likes .. Standing over the beds . It feels better when I move . Mm . Mm , like this . You know ? And what is it doing when it does that ? It tries to kill people . Does it ? I think it could . What happened to me in here is actually the reason I called you guys . I dozed off watching television one evening .. And I woke up .. But when I sat up .. Floating in the air above me was a gray .. Mass . It kind of changed shape and made a beeline at me . It went into my chest . The sensation was unbelievable . It took my breath , and I felt like I was being .. Electrocuted and .. Frozen .. At the same time . Can the bad man make himself known to the living ? I think he can , yeah . Mm . He goes inside of them . So essentially like he possesses them ? How does he feel about the people in the house ? Um , he would like to kill them . The man is very forceful . I think he can manipulate , to some extent , how people perceive him , because they perceive what scares them . He likes to be around death . I think he makes people do .. Crazy stuff . How does the bad man make people do things ? Mm , he goes inside of them . So essentially like he possesses them ? How does he feel about the people in the house ? Um , he would like to kill them . So , Ty , I was talking to your wife . Um , she 's experiencing some pretty bizarre things in the house . Um , how about yourself ? Anything ? No , I haven 't .. I haven 't seen anything in the house . I mean , she 's , you know .. Tried to point some things out to me at times .. But .. Nothing . I .. I can 't see it . Do you believe her ? I believe she sees something . She think I think she 's crazy . Okay . Is she getting angry with you ? I think she .. She gets a little testy with me because she 'll wake me up at night , and I 'm supposed to see what she 's seeing , and I don 't see it . So , yeah , she does . She gets aggravated at me . I mean , I don 't know what to do . I don 't know what to say . The only weird thing that ever happened to me was .. A buddy of mine , Danny .. And myself .. Had come back by the house on our way to Mobile . When I go in the house .. I heard a little girl scream . Just like a kid screaming ? No , it was like I had startled the child . And the little girl screamed two more times before I got back to my truck . There 's no small children in this area , and it sounded like it come from in the house . But I don 't know where it come from . And when I got in the truck , Danny asked me . He said , " tell me you heard that . " I said , " heard what , Danny ? " He said .. " Well , I heard a little girl scream . " I am hearing residual screaming . I don 't know what that 's about . Female .. Screaming . Words or just screams ? Nah , just screaming . High-pitched screaming , pain . And they 're frightened .. And I feel like they 're being harmed . And .. They 're afraid of something . Can other people hear these screams ? If they 're a little bit sensitive , yeah . Ty told me that the one time he experienced something strange at the house , he was with a good friend of his . I 'm on my way to meet with this guy at a local diner , to see what his take is on those screams . Danny , thanks for meeting with me . I appreciate it . I just spoke with Ty . Um , he told me about an incident that you were present for , uh , regarding a girl . Steve , we come in from hunting one afternoon . It was after dark . Ty had come back to get his keys to go in to lock the house up , and , uh , he headed up the steps , and I heard this .. God-awful , hair-curling scream . A little girl screamed three times . Just as loud as you ever heard in your life . You hear a scream like that , you gotta be concerned . I got out of the vehicle . I looked around , looked around . There was nobody nowhere to be found . It 's not normal . You weren 't a believer in the paranormal ? No , Sir . Did that change your mind ? It definitely changed my mind . And you definitely think there 's something going on in that house ? Oh , I have no doubt . Now Robin told me about falling from the ceiling . She didn 't fall . She got pushed . I tell you , that little girl pushed her . You know , I fear for Robin because .. I 'm gonna be honest .. I think the little girl 's picking on her . Danny , would you live there ? Ain 't no way , Steve . Ain 't no way . I don 't believe Robin 's still living there . If Robin was my wife and she experienced what she had , we 'd have to leave . Let the little girl have that place . There 's a lot going on here . There really .. Is a lot . It 's really physical ( Bleep ) . And , like , I feel nervous . I don 't like it . There 's a little girl . She 's just a sick ( Bleep ) . She doesn 't want people to know the bad things that she does . She kinda wants to kill someone . There 's a lot of movement . He 's all over here . He can move things . He 's like a poltergeist manifestation . Every time I encounter a dead person , this entity comes storming in , trying to distract me . He feels like a poltergeist , but I can 't be sure . Are you all right ? No . I don 't really wanna be .. This dark entity wants me out of the house . And when it isn 't flashing horrifying images in my mind .. It 's trying to suffocate me . Wherever this guy is , it 's hard to breathe . He makes it hard to breathe , but it 's , like , from inside . It 's really weird . I don 't like it . Tries to , like , smother . He 's trying to smother . I 've gathered a lot of witness testimony , but right now , I 'm a little short on facts , so I 'm headed over to the County Deeds Office to see if I can turn something up . According to the town records , a family by the name of Garrett originally owned the property . But that 's about all I 'm finding . Records go back all the way to the 1880s . But for some strange reason , I 'm not turning up anything specific about the house . I tracked down the woman who sold the place to Robin and Ty . She lived in that house for over 30 years . I 'm headed over to speak with her now and see if she experienced anything weird when she was living there . Anna , thanks for meeting with me . I appreciate that . The house I 'm investigating in town , I did some research , your name popped up . Uh , you had lived there ? Yes . I lived there with my husband , yes . Mm . Now he passed away in ' 97 . I 'm sorry to hear that . Did he .. What did he die of , if you don 't mind ? He had a massive heart attack . Oh . Did he die in the house ? No . He was out looking at some of his property . It 's gonna sound funny , but I gotta ask you a question . Did you ever experience any paranormal things in the house ? No . Mm , nothing you couldn 't explain ? - No . - Nor did your husband ? No . Anna , maybe you could clear something up for me . Um , the house records and the property records aren 't matching up . Uh , does that make any sense to you ? Yeah , the house was not there originally . My husband moved the house there in the ' 60s . What do you .. What do you mean by that ? My husband found it .. In .. Over in Clark County and bought it and moved it there . How far away was the house ? About 90 miles . So how did he move it ? He moved it on tractor trailers . You mean they took the house apart ? Yeah , board by board . Tore it down board by board . Now where did the house sit ? Was it in anything place in particular ? - It was in Packers Bend .. - Okay . Which was in the bend of the Alabama river . You could see the river from three sides of the house . There was another structure , and it was moving , moving , moving . Mm-hmm . There 's , like , people out here , but .. They 're , like , wandering around without knowing where they 're going . And there 's .. A river .. Which is important ? I 'm feeling some association with this house and a river . But I can 't quite tell how they 're connected . What about the family that originally owned the house back in those days ? Did you know anything about that ? No , I just know it was the King family . The King family ? Okay , so they 're the ones I assume built the house ? Yes , mm-hmm . Huh . Now that I know the King family originally built the house .. I 've tracked down one of their descendants . I 'm hoping he can provide me with more information . The house I 'm investigating in town apparently belonged to your family when it was here . Yes , Sir . And you 're a descendant of the original owners . - Yes , Sir . - Uh , what can you tell me ? The house was originally built by a young couple .. William " Dock " King who married , uh , Rebecca Singleton Tait King . And they started building this big house towards the beginning of 1860s . And it 's about a half a mile from the river , was the site of the house . For the time , they both were from prominent families . And they both were used to a certain way of life . And had grown up , um , with slaves and servants . And were both well-educated . A very short period of time , they pretty much lost everything . He went off to the civil war , apparently caught Yellow Fever . And came back home to a .. A run-down plantation . I see all these men out there . They kinda look like soldiers . They 're wearing gray . So , like , civil war ? Yes . Yes . Yeah , I 'm , like , seriously seeing bodies in caskets . They scare me . I don 't like them . So the husband , Mr. King , he comes back , he contracts Yellow Fever .. And from what we understand , he .. He came home , he was very sick . During that time , they lost , uh , two of their young children while they were constructing the house during the early years of 1860s . And one day , a toddler daughter , Rebecca .. Who was named for his wife .. Passed away . And then William passed away the next day . And then several years later , um , she loses a daughter , Alabama King Farr , passed away . And she was 26 . Do you know what they died of ? Yellow Fever . Do you think all the family members died in the house ? There were no hospitals at the time , and typically , if someone was ill , the Doctors would come to the house . So I feel sure that these children died at the house . I do see there 's .. A lot of dead bodies . So we have , like , five dead kids . But I feel like , you know , they all , like , sit around in a circle and , like , play and .. You know , do normal kid things , but they look like .. They .. They look really creepy . Like , they 're creepy little kids . Their hair is .. Like , clumps have fallen out . Like , you know , like they 're rotting or something , like they just started rotting . It 's like , there 's a lot going on here . There really .. Is a lot . I don 't like it . Rebecca .. She pretty much lost everything . They just really lost their fortune and family members . So how did Rebecca handle all this ? Uh , I 'm sure it was really hard for her at that time , to take care of herself and to know that she 's responsible for these seven children and the plantation , to keep things going . It was pretty dark times for the family at that point . There is a very depressed lady around . There is a depressed lady who wants to kill herself . Her head .. Noisy . Okay . And there 's a problem . She felt very overwhelmed .. Thinking .. " How do you do ? What do you do ? " " How do you do it ? How do you do that ? " " Which way to do it ? How do you do it ? " Cut her wrists or .. Hang ? Or .. Put something on her face ? Yellow Fever wiped out nearly half the King family , but I know almost nothing about the disease . So I 'm meeting with an Infectious Disease expert to learn more about it . Yellow Fever is a viral illness that you usually contract by being bitten by an infected mosquito . And after being bitten , they would develop a fever , headache , muscle aches . Ultimately , they 'll begin to develop jaundice because the liver is infected . Um , and that 's where the term " Yellow Fever " comes from . And then over the next few days , that might progress to more serious illness . Then they would have bleeding from their G.I. tracts , uh , bleeding from their gums , bleeding from their nose , vomiting blood . In the span of , you know , one to two weeks . - Uh , just like that ? - Just like that . All the sickness , everything , is in this room . So there 's , like , intestines and there 's , like , blood .. And it has something to do with , like , the abdominal area . Like , that 's the focus is , like , the abdominal area . They look ghoulish . Like , they 're , like , pale and , like , they have , like , the dark circles around their eyes . They look like zombies . They 're , like , rotting . Uh .. They 're watching the bodies rot . I came across many entities during my walk .. But the dark figure I encountered in the bedroom was far more dangerous than any other . I 'm having him sketched where he stood out the clearest because it feels significant to me for some reason . And there 's this dark shadow man .. Who 's staring down .. From the foot of the bed . And how tall ? He 's probably , like , 6-foot-5 . There 's no ears . Yeah , like that . I like that . Amy , is this what you saw ? Yes . Now that Amy and I have completed our investigations .. It 's time to compare our findings . We 're about to reveal what we 've uncovered to our clients and each other . Well , Ty , Robin , it 's good to see you two again . They own this home . Neither one of them believed in the paranormal before they moved here . Ty 's still up in the air . He 's not really convinced himself . But Robin 's gone through some terrifying ordeals since she 's been here . And to be honest with you , I think it 's a miracle you 're still alive . It is . Um , but we 'll get into that later . Question is , is it safe for her to be here ? That 's why they called us in . So with that being said , maybe you can tell us a little bit about your walk . During my walk , one of the things that I got was when I was looking out across the lawn .. And I saw a river .. And water , and I was getting that that was very important . And there were a lot of men who were dressed in gray .. And may have been , like , soldiers of some type . I see all these men out there . They kinda look like soldiers . - So , like , civil war ? - Yes . Well , a little bit of history about the house .. And when I was doing research on it , uh , a lot of it wasn 't making any sense to me . The problem is , this house was built back in the 1850s . It was built about .. Less than two hours from here . But where it was originally was by the Alabama river . Uh-huh . During my walk , I sensed that this house was connected to a river .. But I couldn 't figure out how . Now it all makes sense . And it was moved in the 1960s to here . And the family that owned the house and built it was , uh , William King and Rebecca Tait . They had a large family when they built this home . During the war , he eventually went off and fought . He fought for the confederates , and the confederates wore gray . Interesting . Amy , what else did you see ? There were , like , people just laid out . And .. Their intestines were out . Yeah , it was really disturbing . It has something to do with , like , the abdominal area . Like , that 's the focus . They 're , like , rotting . There was a Doctor there , and , um , he was treating some of them . The guy , William King , who built this house . And went off to war , contracted Yellow Fever while he was there . When he eventually did come back , his plantation was in ruins . Oh . So when he came back to the house , he wound up dying from Yellow Fever . Some of the symptoms of Yellow Fever are , uh , severe intestinal distress . Basically , you kinda look like .. The walking dead . When you get this stuff . - Hmm . - So it 's just .. That 's interesting . Well , why do you think it was interesting , about the Yellow Fever ? And what I said about the wa .. Yeah , the walking dead because I got the children in the bathroom back here . And there 's about five of ' em , and they look like zombies . They 're creepy little kids . Like , their hair is .. Like , clumps have fallen out . Like , you know , like they 're rotting or something , like they just started rotting . They were afraid of me , and I was kind of afraid of them because just kind of how they looked . And they were kind of rotting . So apparently they saw their bodies rotting . And they became attached . Like , they .. They wouldn 't leave their physical bodies . During the war , Rebecca and , uh , William , they lost two children in 1863 , and then his daughter who was 2 died the day before he died , all to Yellow Fever . They were actually buried together on the property . Ty , why don 't you tell Amy what happened ? I got out of my truck , went up on the stairs , and it was like I startled a young girl . She screamed . Then I went inside and up and come back down the steps , and she screamed two more times . It was like I startled her . That makes sense . Uh , they 're very nervous , uh , whether the person 's living or dead , and they just keep to themselves . Like all entities in this house , these dead children are in a constant state of fear . I know what 's causing it , but I 'm not ready to tell Ty and Robin just yet . So what else happened on the walk ? I met this lady , and she .. Is extremely depressed . Everything that was going on in her mind was , uh , about her suicide and how she as gonna do it . I 've never felt a depression like that ever , ever . It was just , like , completely consuming . Talk about depression .. Rebecca King . Now I talked about how she .. She lost three kids .. Then she lost her husband . It was right after the civil war , the plantation they were on was in ruins . She was broke . I actually have a photo of her . This is the house when it was back there . This is her here . That 's crazy . The woman that I saw could possibly be her but much , much younger . The other thing that I saw on my walk was the most disturbing . I can tell you that it is extremely negative . It is dangerous . It can interact with this reality . It feeds off of death . And it scared me and it put really negative images during my whole walk . Of , like , throwing someone down the stairs .. Strangling someone . Like , it just wants .. It just feeds off of that . I had a really , really frightening experience , which was the reason I started trying to seek out help . Little over a year ago , I had to go up in the attic for something . My brother-in-law was up there , and I walked across a .. A board that he had just walked across , and it broke on me . I fell from up in the center .. Down to the floor in the entryway . Oh , my gosh . Whoa . I really shouldn 't be here . It really should have killed me .. I fell from up in the center .. Down to the floor in the entryway . Whoa . I really shouldn 't be here . It really should have killed me . I think I might need a moment . You know , your friend Danny actually thinks she was pushed . Yeah , you know , that was the first thing Danny told me . When I told him what happened to Robin . He said , " that little girl pushed her . " I agree that Robin was pushed , but I don 't think it was by the little girl . I actually did a sketch of this entity . - You did a sketch ? - Well , kind of like a situation .. - Hmm . - That I saw on my walk . Okay . Mm . Yeah . Well , I 've never seen a sketch like this before . Creepy . That gives me chills . It really scares the hell out of me . It , uh , was beside my bed one night , actually . It changed shape and kind of went into my chest . And when it did .. I was freezing , freezing cold . And I felt like I was being electrically shocked . - At the same time . - Mm-hmm . I was just like .. " W .. What does it want ? Why is it here ? " When her husband died , I think that she .. Couldn 't handle losing her husband and her children . She inadvertently trapped the children and her husband . So she goes into this major depression , and she may have had this ability .. Psychokinesis . Individuals who have the ability of psychokinesis . Could create a psychokinetic manifestation . These entities feed off . The negative emotions of the living . They 're very powerful . And can physically influence their environment . Now what someone can do when they have this type of ability . Is when they .. Go into a depression or if they 're very angry .. They can then take energy from their environment . And they can create an entity . This entity will consist of not only , you know , the dead people that 's in that area . But it also consists of the person 's .. Stress .. Depression .. Anxiety . This thing needs to feed itself , like an animal .. And its food is weakness .. Despair , anger .. Death . You guys have heard the term " poltergeist " ? That 's a step below this . This is severe . P.K. Manifestation .. You 've created an entity to basically do your bidding . It 's not like she knew she was doing this . - So it 's unintentional ? - Yes . So I know this was a lot for you two to absorb tonight . Question is , though , how do you get rid of this thing , and if you 're safe ? Um , the only one that can really answer that is Amy . Considering what it has .. Already done .. I don 't really think it 's safe for you to stay . I don 't wanna be evicted by a thing .. - Right . - From everything I 've worked for . I 've put a lot of blood , sweat , and tears in it . If you 're determined to stay , what I would suggest is having a medium come in and first deal with the children . And moving them on . The medium would have to be . Someone who has some type therapy background because , I mean , there 's a lot of dynamics going on here . That they 're gonna have to have long communication about . And I can help you find a legitimate medium . And that way , the psychokinesis will begin to diminish , but it can still harm in the meantime . There 's cleansing techniques to protect yourself by bringing in someone who is religious , like a priest , because his belief in his religion could potentially affect this thing . And make it .. Leave . So are the two of yous gonna take Amy 's advice . And get a medium and try to take care of this ? - I think so . - Okay . Absolutely . This is my time here . I 'll be , you know , one of them before long . This is mine for now . Well , we know what it is . I wanna get rid of it . - Yeah . - Mm-hmm . As long as they are in this house , Robin and Ty could be in serious danger . I really hope they follow through with their promise to cleanse it . Otherwise , Robin may not be as lucky the next time the entity attacks . Subs created by : David Coleman .
