 Subs created by : David Coleman . There 's several people here who don 't know they 're dead . We 've been hearing noises . Bang ! How many people died ? 27 . Something grabbed my leg . She wants to be really close to you . I don 't like to stay here alone . A young girl died in the house . Where is she ? She was fully engulfed in flames . And it hurts . It hurts so bad . It 's a horrible death . There was something in that house . They 're like , ugh ! They 're being watched . They hate people who sleep in that room . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people . He is very pissed off . And they speak to me . The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. Amy and I work independently of one another . I gather evidence , interview witnesses , and sort through the history of each location . At the end , we come together to compare our findings . I 'm in a small town called Blackshear in Georgia , just a couple hours outside of Savannah . I 'm heading over to meet a woman named Carol who says she 's got some really disturbing things going on in her home . Carol and her husband Robert have lived there just over six years , and she and her three kids are terrified . She said she desperately needs our help . Before Amy enters a location , I have to clear the area of anything that could be leading information , so it 's important that all the family photos are covered or removed before Amy begins her walk . As I approach a new location , I enter a meditative state I call opening . This allows me to receive information from the dead , sometimes way before I actually arrive at the location . I have some dead girl with me . Last night , uh , she kept trying to creep in my bed . The dead usually know I 'm coming before I do , and sometimes they appear to me days before I arrive at a location , like this girl did . She 's very scary looking . And she 's extremely emotional , and very angry . Nobody 's listening to her , and she 's really ( Bleep ) Pissed about it . Well , Carol , thanks for inviting me to your home . It 's beautiful . Thank you for coming . - What 's going on ? - When we moved here , we started having some incidents that we really just couldn 't explain . We 've been hearing noises .. Um , having things being knocked off the tables and the walls . My older sons .. They won 't even stay here by themselves if we 're out of town . - Really ? - Yeah . Well , Carol , did the previous homeowner say anything to you ? No , um , as a matter of fact , he sold us the house with everything in it , all of his possessions . He probably left 500 Angels here . Every room of the house , even the bathrooms , there were Angels everywhere you looked . If you 're gonna collect something , why leave it ? I mean , it 's a beautiful home . Yeah , it is a very beautiful home . Um , but it has some secrets , and I need to find out what those secrets are . Well , that 's what we 're here for . Um , is there any place you can show me in the house where things are happening ? Certainly . So she .. Is very angry . She 's like 17 . The anger girl is very needy . She 's actually been visiting me for the past few nights , and has even tried to crawl into my bed . When I refused to let her , she started fighting with me . She wanted someone to listen to her . Nobody ( Bleep ) Listens to her . I took my dogs out to go to the restroom one morning , and when I came back , um , this cabinet door had been completely ripped off the hinges . It had not been like that when I left , and there was no way anyone could have gotten past me to have come into the house , there was no one else home . It really scared the daylights out of me . I see that she can open the cabinets . Pretty sure she actually broke dishes , which is .. After she was dead ? - Uh-huh , yeah . - Okay . When she 's been dead . Anything else in this room ? Now we were putting food in the pantry one day , uh , and I opened a cabinet , and a box of sugar came out with enough force that it went from one side of the pantry and hit the door on the other side . I really wanted to leave at that point . She takes the dishes , she throws ' em on the floor . She 's throwing them on the floor . Taking this .. Fl .. Throwing them on the floor . Where is she ? Oh , she 's right over there . We have a daughter named Melanie , who has Down Syndrome , and she started telling me that there was a ghost girl in her room . I said , " what 's the name of the ghost girl in your room ? " And she told me that her name was Pearl . Carol , how does Melanie know her name ? Because the apparition has told her that her name is Pearl . - You 're kidding . - No . I went to the public library , and I found a book called " The History of Pierce County , Georgia , " and it just so happens that there is a photo .. Of our house . - Okay . - And a picture of .. The family who built the house , and that is Pearl Taylor . Do you know how Pearl died ? I know that Pearl burned in the house . I don 't know how , or when , or anything in particular , but I do know that Pearl died in the house . Has anything bad happened to Melanie ? Some girls from across the street came over to watch television with her , and .. They said they couldn 't find her , she wasn 't in her room . And when we went up to look for her , she was in the closet with the door shut . Which is very , very unlike her . And , uh , when she came out of the closet , we asked her , " what were you doing in there ? " And she said Pearl was bugging her again , asking her to find her a dress . Our concern is , if she can get Melanie to go into a closet , she might , could get Melanie to go out the window onto the roof . She might , could get Melanie to go out the front door into the street . I don 't know what extent this apparition , or this ghost , is gonna have influence on my child , and .. And that concerns me . When you 're entering , like , you know , the first level of sleep , and she wants to be really close to you , and she 'll , like , put her face right in your face , and , like , move . She likes to be able to make you see her then .. Okay . And talk to you then . In my experience , kids make up stories for their parents , but the truth comes out when a stranger is asking the questions . That 's why I need to speak with Melanie alone . Melanie , I was talking to Mom , and , uh , she said that you see a ghost in your room ? - Yes . - Okay . Do you see the ghost in the closet ? Uh , yes . Okay . Do you know her name ? Yeah , her name 's Pearl . - Pearl . - Yes . Okay . Does she talk to you ? Yeah . Okay , what kind of things does she ask you ? ( Speaking indistinctly ) Find her a dress . So she wants you to help her find her dress ? Yes . If I showed you the picture , can you point her out to me ? Yes . Okay . Show me who the ghost is . Um .. Boy ! There are kids up here . And they 're laughing , they 're running , but there 's something else here . They 're being watched . Robert , I spoke with uh , your wife Carol . She told me about the things going on in the house . Have you ever seen anything , or heard anything you can 't explain ? Oh , absolutely . In this room here , uh , my wife and I have had conversations about whether I believe or not , and I said .. " Until the ghost shows up , taps me on the shoulder . " " and says , here I am , I 'm your ghost , accept me . " I said , then I 'll believe . And about .. It wasn 't 15 minutes later , something grabbed my leg . And I turned around , I said , all right , Carol , cut it out . I said , I 'm trying to go to sleep . She goes , what are you talking about ? I said , you just grabbed my leg . And she goes , I didn 't touch your leg . Anything else ? My wife and myself and Melanie were downstairs having dinner , you could hear someone stomping like they were mad , and bam , bam , bam , doors slamming . - And nobody was up here ? - No , nobody was up here . There 's two men . They do things to the people here . Like what ? Bang . Bang ! Like , bang ! And it , like , shakes the whole room . Bang , bang , bang ! They hate people who sleep in that room . What have you experienced in this room ? When I go to bed , I lay my phone and my glasses on my nightstand over there , and several times , after discussions with my wife about paranormal activity , and where I stand as far as my beliefs , I 've heard it slide across the nightstand and hit the floor . So it 's as if you 're mocking it , so to speak . That 's exactly how it makes me feel , and that 's the thing .. That 's why I don 't like to talk about it in the house , because every time I do , something happens . Have you heard any other noises or anything else ? We 've heard , uh , doors slamming , constant footsteps , constant footsteps , uh , crashes in the middle of the night that are unexplained . I mean , we 'll come down , and we 'll look for something , maybe a picture fell , maybe the garbage fell over , anything .. Nothing . Can 't ever find anything . I knew .. That .. There was issues in this room . And that .. It was coming from up above . It 's these two men that are up there . They jump up , and then they slam . They 're , like , ugh ! And it shakes this whole .. Shaking the walls , shaking the floor . Everything . Jim , I was talking to your Mom . She explained some of the things that are going on in the house , and that you 've had quite a few things happen . Why don 't you explain to me what 's going on ? Every night , something new . Doors slamming downstairs , uh , my closet door opening , closing . - This closet right here ? - Yeah , that closet . When the closet door opens up , you 've seen it actually open ? Oh , yes . How often does it happen ? About every day . Is it to the point that you 're afraid to actually live here ? I don 't like to stay here alone , at all . Did you ever believe in this stuff before you moved here ? No , absolutely not . How about now ? Oh , yeah , I am . There 's also a little kid messing with the door . 5 , maybe . 5 . - Doing what ? - Trying to practice , like .. Turning the knob and opening it .. Learning how to open and close the door , basically . This child thinks this is great . It 's like the best thing in the world . And this door is the one the angry girl comes through . So there 's a lot of girls here . Teenager girls . Together ? Yes . They 're like , dressed conservatively . The style looks like 1880 , 1890 . But .. There 's a lot of stuff going on . There were a lot of crazy things going on in Carol 's house . What I need to know is why did this previous homeowner run out of there like his house was on fire and leave all his belongings behind . The guy refuses to take my calls and talk to me about the house . He 's clearly spooked . So I 'm going to talk to Carol 's neighbor , who knew the guy , and see what he can tell me about him . How long have you been living here ? Been living in this house on and off for the past 15 years . Okay , so did you know the previous homeowner ? The owner 's daughter was a very good friend of mine , and I spent nearly every single day in the house until we graduated high school . I heard that the house was filled with Angels . Angels everywhere . I think he did it to protect himself from whatever was in the house . You think he was the type of guy that just .. Run out like that ? I don 't believe that he would 've tore out as quickly as possible , unless there was something in that house that scared him to that point . I need to start looking into the house 's past . Carol gave me the first clue with the story about the teenage girl who burnt to death . If it 's true , the local Fire Chief will know all about it . On Saturday August 27 , 1910 , the 16-year-old daughter of George Taylor , Pearl Taylor , was , um , involved in an incident where she was trying to place a kerosene lantern onto the mantel of the fireplace , when it dropped and exploded , and caught her on fire . Did she die immediately ? She actually survived until the next morning , on Sunday , December the 28th . You have to understand that third degree burns actually burn the complete skin layers off . She wouldn 't have been recognizable . That 's a horrible death . She died at night , and she looks really weird . Her body is all beat up . It 's all broken , and it hurts . It hurts so bad . It hurts so ( Bleep ) Bad . This walk is so punishing . I 'm absorbing this girl 's emotional and physical pain . I really want to help her move on , but I can 't . She 's too angry to let go . Dark , dark , dark . It hurts so ( Bleep ) Bad . Now that I know Pearl actually died in that house , I need to find out more about the family . So I 've tracked down one of Pearl 's descendants , who actually still lives in the town , to see if we can fill in the missing pieces . I understand you 're related to Pearl Taylor . That 's right . She was my great Aunt . Now I 've learned that she was killed in 1910 by fire , but I don 't know really much about the family or her . Uh , I was wondering if you could fill that in for me . Pearl was , uh , 16 years old . The next day , she was about to go to college . And back then , 16 years old was very unusual for a person , much less a woman , to go to college . Oh , so she was gifted ? Yes , she was . Obviously we know how bad it was for Pearl , but what about the rest of the family ? If your child died burning , and you sat there for six straight hours and watched ' em in pain and death , I mean , could you ever recover from it ? There 's another man . He 's tall . He 's wearing a suit . He .. He .. He 's confused . So .. It 's hard for him to talk . What am I doing here ? He says he 's carrying all this pain . Why are you whispering ? I don 't want him to know . He 's confused . There 's another man . He 's tall . He 's wearing a suit . Oh , my God . He says he 's carrying all this pain . Usually when people don 't know they 're dead , it means one of two things .. Either they suffered a sudden and traumatic death , or they refuse to acknowledge what happened to them . He 's looking for .. Oh , that 's his wife . When was this ? Man , I want to say , like .. 1901 . I 'm seeing lots of little babies that died . I mean , I couldn 't even imagine losing a child , especially in that manner , but .. Yeah , terrible any type of situation , but then , you have to understand , too , they had lost a child earlier . Oh , jeez . Now I know his name was George . So they lose two kids . Correct . When you grew up and you visited the house , uh , did anything strange happen when you were there ? Yes . Pearl has some trunks with her clothes in them , and the next day , she was about to go to college . Grandma Taylor would not let anybody open those trunks , and they were in a closet upstairs . And then when my Grandmother , well , she kind of abided by her Mother 's wishes never to open it , so we never opened it . Then in 1981 , after my grandfather 's death , my father and Mother and me , some other family members , went up there and pulled the two trunks out , and we opened the trunks , and right when I popped open the trunk , all of a sudden , just out of nowhere , a lightning bolt , thunder , just came out , boom . So she .. Is very angry . It 's really weird , because she 's dressed like , I 'd almost say , like , like , some kind of , like , schoolgirls , or something like this . Something about school with her , something about school around her . I see her , like , studying and learning , with books around her and a table here . And I was like , " what 's your name ? " And that kind of set her off , because she couldn 't remember . I need to search through the library 's archives to see if anything happened on the property before Pearl 's death . Turns out , in the 1880s , Pearl 's father owned 41 acres of land there . Also turns out , one of the worst rail road crashes in U.S. history happened right near his property . I 'm conducting an investigation in Blackshear , and during my research , I came across an article about a train wreck that happened in 1888 , uh , which looked like it wasn 't too far from the property I 'm investigating . Do you know about this train wreck ? It 's .. It 's considered probably one of the worst train disasters in the state . It was a lot of chaos . About how many people died ? 27 . There 's a lot of other people that are upstairs , and they 're like , " oh , ( Bleep ) , what are we gonna do ? " " What are we gonna do ? " Lots of ' em died . Ribs were broken . Internal organs were smushed . They were crushed . What kind of injuries are we talking about with this wreck ? You 're talking about a scene of bodies , just piled on top of each other . Metal piled upon people . People who are just trapped , suffering . There 's cars that are on fire . There 's no easy way to die in a crash like that . Did they set up a triage center , like , right on the road ? Very very .. Crude , uh , makeshift , uh , triage center they had there . The guy that I 'm investigating owned 41 acres . Looks like the property would 've been probably on or near this train track . Yes , I think it 's possible . It 's possible . Okay . During my walk , I encountered many entities , but the suicidal man was in terrible grief . So I 'm meeting with a sketch artist to try and put a face to him . He was tall , and probably between the ages of 40 and 50 .. And .. He has a very thick mustache . What would you describe the lower part of his nose as being .. - Square . - Turned up .. Any kind of aging under his eyes ? He has very , very deep crow 's feet , like very deep . Oh , um , Amy , you think this , uh , bears resemblance to the person you saw ? Yes , it does . After completing each of our investigations separately , Amy and I will be revealing our findings together for the first time . They 've been living here about seven years . Uh , they 've got some pretty bizarre things happening in the house . Uh , one of the big issues , uh , is they have a daughter with special needs that seems to be getting targeted . Uh , with that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy and , she can tell us what she found on her walk . The first thing that I encountered was , uh , two men , um , in the attic , and what they like to do is jump up really high through the ceiling , and then drop themselves . and it just makes a loud noise , and it 'll shake , uh , the house when they do it . Hmm . Like , boom . Bang ! And it , like , shakes the whole room . Bang , bang , bang ! They hate people who sleep in that room . Why don 't you explain to Amy some of the noises you 've been hearing in the house . We always say it sounds like doors are slamming , uh , just loud bangs and pops and footsteps . Uh , every night when I go to bed , I put my cell phone next to my nightstand , and several times , my cell phone and my glasses have went sliding off that nightstand . They didn 't just fall off , I didn 't misplace them , because they were halfway across the room . What exactly are they doing .. These two guys ? They 're all about revenge and disruption against the original owner , who apparently they don 't understand is no longer here . We 've had multiple pictures come off the wall . We 've also had light bulbs pop like popcorn , just , pop , pop , pop , everywhere , so we 've had a lot of activity since your walk . Mm-hmm , it .. Activity will increase before or after the walk takes place . Um , everybody just gets riled up . So , Amy , what else did you encounter ? The second thing was , I was at the lower end of the stairwell , and , um , I had a hard time , because there were so many people that wanted to communicate , I had to argue with them to line up . But there 's several people here who don 't know they 're dead . There 's a lot of other people that are upstairs that I don 't necessarily want to talk to yet , so I 'm gonna see if I can find somebody else down here who can tell me what happened , because they were crushed . Back in 1888 , there was a train wreck not far from here . Probably one of the biggest train wrecks in U.S. history . There was kids , there was women , there was men dead . Oh , wow . That 's a lot of people that died at one time , so I didn 't know if that had anything to do with what , maybe you saw . Could be from the train accident , because I don 't understand what they 're doing here . Is there anything else you encountered ? The next one was interesting , because I met her before I did the walk . She was in the car with me on the drive to here , and has been trying to reach out for quite some time . And she doesn 't feel like she 's being heard . That 's why she 's been acting out . She opens and closes the cabinet doors . She didn 't understand how she died . It was a quick , fast , traumatic thing . I know she has long hair , uh , brown , she 's all gray , like , grays . She really wants to talk . Carol , you 're visually upset . What 's going on ? Amy just described exactly what my daughter sees . Carol , why don 't you tell Amy about the stuff that happens in the kitchen . One morning , I took the dogs out , and when I came back in , one of my lower cabinet doors had been completely ripped off one of its hinges . We discussed that you had thought there was a girl that died here in this house . Yeah . And it was true . Um , George Taylor , who built this home in 1905 , had a young daughter , 16 years old . Her name was Pearl . Pearl burned to death in the house here . Oh , my God . She was carrying a kerosene lamp . Oh , my God . It somehow fell , and she burned beyond recognition . I got a picture of her . This is Pearl . She lingered for , like , seven hours . Oh , my God . Had to be agony . You all right ? I 'm sorry , I 'm very upset right now . Oh , my God . I told you , all these years , I told you . I told you there were ghosts in this house . Sorry . - You all right ? - Yeah . For some reason , I felt compelled to stay open during the reveal , so I can communicate more easily with the dead . Pearl knew this , so she sat on the floor beside me the whole time . Her sadness and grief overwhelmed me . What just happened ? The girl was under the table . This .. This girl here ? Yes . She is very angry and very emotional . It 's a strange place where she is right now . She 's going back and forth between knowing she 's dead and not knowing she 's dead . Carol , I think now is when you should tell Amy about what 's going on with Melanie . We have a daughter named Melanie , who has Down Syndrome . She let us know pretty quickly there was a ghost girl that came into her room . When I found a photo in a book .. And asked her to show me the ghost girl , she pointed right at Pearl . And she described her as having brown hair and a gray face , wearing a white dress . Wow . Now because Pearl was on her way to college , she had packed a trunk , uh , to go away with , and she was actually leaving for college literally the next day before she died . - Yeah . - You know that ? Well , I didn 't know that , but I .. I did see her studying . She 's dressed , like , I 'd almost say , like , some kind of , like schoolgirls , or something like this . I see her , like , studying and learning , with books around her , and a table here . After she died , her Mother 's wishes were that it stayed closed . So I had talked to a descendant of the Taylors . In 1981 , after the grandparents had passed , they decided to open the trunk , and he said it was just odd , because there was no mention of a thunderstorm or anything , but when they opened the trunk , lightning and thunder struck as soon as he opened it . Could something like opening up that trunk trigger the activity that they 're having here ? It does make sense with the trunk , because the family kept it locked up and everything , they never let go , and the grieving .. That could inadvertently tether her here . When they open it years later , she then is , like , " oh . " That was , like , the best thing they could have done , actually , for her . Because three years later , the house gets sold . They don 't even keep .. They had it in their family since the turn of the century , now all of a sudden , three years later , they sell the house . Then you had the incident with the person you bought the house from , he basically ran out of here and left all the furniture . - He literally ran out of the house ? - Left the furniture . Sheets on the bed , towels in the .. In the kitchen drawer . Wow . So , Amy , what else did you encounter ? The suicidal man . Okay . Absolutely does not know he 's dead . And someone who has killed themselves , like , they typically know they killed themselves . I just could not make sense of the situation . Let me give you a little background about George Taylor . George Taylor was Pearl 's father . Now before they moved here , they had a son that was 3 years old that died , so he had already lost a child once before . He died in this house , um , but he had had a stroke a couple months before he died , and he died suddenly . That sounds like the man I sketched . So I 'm gonna get to see it tonight for the first time with you guys . This is George Taylor , Pearl 's father . That looks just like him . - Yeah , it does . - It looks just like him , it really does . Wow . Well , Robert , Carol , you saw the results of our investigation . The most important thing , though , is are you safe , and more importantly , is Melanie okay ? Is she gonna be safe ? Uh , I can 't answer that . Amy 's gonna have to answer that for you . There are things you need to do . You have to contact a priest . The priest needs to come and do last rites . No one is to be mentioned by name when he does this , okay ? And then , you have him do a funeral speech . And then a house blessing . What about these two guys upstairs ? That 's the blessing part . That 's going to get rid of the women , the two men upstairs , and then Pearl and and .. Her father . Like the living , the dead need closure , especially if they don 't know that they 've died . I believe performing a funeral will help Pearl and her father understand they 're dead and that they need to move on from this house . It 'll get rid of her father , also ? Yes . It may not be .. A calm experience . What do you mean by , " it may not be a calm experience " ? Um , you 're dealing with , um , several people who might be emotional going through this , so there may be things that happen . Any kind of shaking , things falling off the walls , um , any loud bangs from up there . I mean , how am I gonna go to our local priest here , come in and do this ? I mean , honestly , he 's gonna look at me like I 'm nuts . - Not necessarily . You 'd be surprised . - Okay , okay . I will tell you this , if Amy tells you to do something , you should do it . - Absolutely , absolutely . - We will . Okay , good . If Carol and Robert do nothing , the activity in the house could pick up dramatically . I hope they follow my advice . If they do , it should set the dead free and finally allow the family to enjoy their home in peace . Subs created by : David Coleman .
