 Previously on " The Lottery " ... Man : 100 human eggs have been fertilized . Let every woman out there have a chance to hit the jackpot . - My eggs were fertilized ? - One of them . That child would be my child . Woman : I heard it was suicide . I received 300 phone calls . The lottery has unleashed an international shitstorm . - Say you love me . - Leave me alone . A group of Chinese terrorists kidnapped Nathan and four other diplomats . - Were there any agenda changes ? - I don 't know . I never got a chance to see the final schedule . You 're his senior advisor . How do you not know this ? We should step away from the negotiating table . - [ Gun cocks ] - Listen to ... stop it ! Please ! - Don 't ... - [ Gunshot ] Kyle Walker ! Freeze ! Put the boy down ! I need a blood sample . I thought the answer was my sperm . Yeah , me too . James : It 's the black death virus . As in the bubonic plague ? Alison ! Are you stalking me ? If you feel like calling , you call . - If not ... - [ Silenced gunshots ] [ Breathing shakily ] Please . Who are you ? Matt : Don 't worry . It 's okay . Matt Kordus ... secret service . I 've been assigned to protect you . So you 're on my team ? Yes . [ Breathing shakily ] Then who 's that ? Matt : Rustam Samir , Azerbaijani national . I had no choice . He was going for his gun . He was about to make a move on Dr. Lennon . - Kidnap or kill ? - Kidnap . He was gonna sell her to the highest bidder . Word is Saudi Arabia was up to $ 50 million . Five diplomats dead , and now this . The lottery was a great idea , wasn 't it ? You look like you 've been through the wars . Oh , I think they 're just starting . Why don 't you go home ? Get some rest . I 'm not very good at that . [ Panting ] I still can 't believe it . - 100 viable human embryos . - [ Cellphone beeps ] It could be the end of the fertility crisis . Unfortunately , our international partners have a different perspective . Screw them . [ Panting continues ] Alison : Our goal is to make sure all potential surrogates are healthy and prepared for the responsibility of motherhood . Man : And now this message from the first lady of the United States . Gabrielle : Any one of you could be among the lucky 100 . Any one of you could be chosen to carry forward our future . For six years , we have longed to see a baby 's smile , to look into the eyes of an infant and imagine infinite possibilities for this new life . I applaud you . I envy you . And I am grateful to each and every one of you for enlisting in this exciting and critical venture . Synced and corrected by Nsiko Vanessa : I really thought the lottery was the right decision . I mean , yeah , sure , I thought it might boost the president 's numbers , but it wasn 't just about that . It ... it wasn 't a publicity stunt . The country was coming unglued . It was motivational . I thought it would rally the nation . [ Scoffs ] It 's working . The testing centers are jammed . 200,000 women have applied . And five people are dead , and your husband can barely look me in the eye . He wants Darius to present alternatives . I 'll bet you 're glad you got me this job . You got yourself the job . I just recommended you . I 'm sorry about Nathan . You said you were just friends , I know , but [ Sighs ] You said the same thing about Jon Kraus in law school . You 'd make this funny , little smile and say , " he 's really cute , but we 're just friends . " Are you okay ? [ Sighs ] Nope . The worst part is it 's like he saw it coming . He told me it was a mistake ... that I 'd created " an international shitstorm . " It 's not your fault , Vanessa . Bubonic plague ? How is that even possible ? Yeah , well , that was our reaction , too . Well , look , good news is you don 't seem to have any symptoms . Well , then why am I in this box ? The middle ages ... 50 % of Europe wiped out . We just thought we should be a little cautious . We got enough population problems these days . You know what I mean ? What about Elvis ? We tested him . He 's fine . All right , everybody here tested negative , too , so it doesn 't appear to be spreading , which is terrific ... And , uh ... and confusing . Where is my son ? Vanessa : I just talked to the C.I.A. There 's nothing new on the hostage investigation . So we have no hard leads ? All we know is our security team in Shanghai was given the wrong arrival time . The team leader got a transmission pushing back the scheduled landing from 1500 to 1800 . When Nathan and the others arrived , there was no one there to protect them . Yeah , but no one could 've changed the arrival time without the live password . The C.I.A. traced the transmission to Michael Elliot 's sat-phone . He 's a deputy undersecretary on the eastern European desk . Yeah , but he wouldn 't have had the password . No . Not through channels , anyway . So , we think someone hacked Elliot 's phone ? Or stole it ? Looks that way . [ Cellphone vibrates ] God . Nate 's mother keeps calling . That poor woman 's hysterical . We 're trying to make arrangements for the funeral . Uh , they 're driving over to his office right now . I promised I would meet them over there . Right . Good luck . Oh , uh , the C.I.A. is on their way over , too . They 've already searched Nate 's office . No , they want to talk to you . You 're one of the seven people with the password . I 'm glad the president is willing to entertain alternative ideas , especially in light of what 's happened . He 'll need your proposals by tomorrow afternoon . Absolutely . It makes sense , Vanessa . What does ? Transferring control to the department of humanity . We were created for this . We can take control of the surrogates , of the embryos , and , of course , the security risk disappears the second the president signs the order . He 's also concerned about the optics of the transition . The optics are what got us into this mess . You notice anything weird about the virus Kyle 's carrying ? It 's hollow . All the active parts of the virus are missing . It 's harmless . Exactly . It 's a husk , a delivery vehicle . The only reason you hollow out a virus is to fill it with engineered proteins and inject it into somebody . And the only reason you do that is to vaccinate them against what ? Who the hell uses bubonic plague to deliver a vaccine ? [ Sighs ] Well , another medical mystery with no solution , I guess . What if ... what if it 's why Kyle 's sperm stayed productive ... why he stayed fertile longer than anybody else ? You 're fine . I don 't have the virus ? You have it , but it 's a dummy . What the hell does that mean ? All the dangerous parts have been eliminated . It 's harmless . So how did I get it ? As part of a vaccine . - Do you recall getting any kind of ... - Where 's Elvis ? Someone from the department of humanity took him to a home or a dorm . - I 'm not sure . - So who do I talk to ? Uh , I have no idea . You work for the department of humanity . That 's who you said took Elvis , so it should be easy . [ Sighs ] It doesn 't work that way . I-I 'm a scientist . I don 't deal with ... taking people 's kids for no reason ? That ... that 's what , a different division ? So who runs that division ? Alison : He 's upset . I understand , but it 's not within my jurisdiction . He 's a valuable scientific tool ... the last man we know of to father a child , to fertilize an egg . I got the criminal charges dropped , and it wasn 't easy . You have his blood , and you have his sperm , so you should have enough to conduct whatever test ... I need his life ... his experiences , his memory , his cooperation ... And I 'm not gonna get it if he 's obsessing about his kid . Look , I 'm sorry they took his son . I am . I get it . But the D.O.H. is autonomous . It is not as easy as you think . He 's a kid alone ... In a scary place . [ Sighs ] James : Did Kyle remember being vaccinated or anything ? No , but there 's got to be a way to find out if there 's a connection . To fertility ? You 're going down the rabbit hole . [ Keyboard clacking ] - [ Computer beeps ] - Crap . Of course she had to be cremated . I 'll be back . Uh , a heads up ... I 'll be leaving in about 10 minutes . I 've never had a bodyguard before , so I 'm not sure how this works . I make sure you don 't get kidnapped or killed . - That 's it ? - Pretty much . Just so we 're clear , this is not my house . I have no legal right to enter . You 're cool with that ? [ Sighs ] You really don 't care , do you ? No . The thing with the lock ... that was good . [ Device beeping ] Whose hairbrush ? Brooke Ashton . Brooke Ashton . The egg donor ? The one who committed suicide ? The one who 's dead , yeah . Where 'd you get it ? Her house . I want to see if it has the same virus husk in her DNA that Kyle has . Now you 're just grasping at straws . We 'll know in eight hours . [ Computer beeping ] [ Mid-tempo music plays ] [ Buzzer sounds ] ♪ How do I get close to you ? ♪ Hey . ♪ Even if we don 't notice just how far you are ♪ Listen , before you say anything ... I don 't need any money . Happy Birthday , sis . [ Singing indistinctly ] ♪ You won 't let anybody else ♪ [ Low-tempo music plays ] My worst birthday ? Yeah . I 'd have to say the one where that asshole Mr. Carlton locked me in the cellar because I didn 't say thank you fast enough . Yeah , that was a bad one . ♪ Is working ♪ you ? Worst ? - The one where that Mr. Holsher . - Hullbert . Hullbert , right . What a prick . I should have punched that son of a bitch in the face . You did . Oh , right . - [ Both chuckle ] - I forgot about that . He deserved it ... shoving cake in your face like that . I still can 't get you to eat the stuff . What were you 10 ? 9 . Foster care ain 't for sissies . Nope . Well , at least we had each other . Thank God . If I didn 't have you ... My life would be so much easier . [ Chuckles ] I 'm serious . Imagine what it would be like to do it all alone . I don 't even want to think about how scary that would be . Vanessa : Thank you for seeing us . I 'm not clear why the chief of staff is requesting a visit for his father . The White House has a strong interest in the child 's welfare . There 's an emergency custody hearing scheduled . Until that 's resolved in Mr. Walker 's favor , he 's not allowed to visit . What ... you 're just gonna keep him locked up ? Can you imagine how scared he is ? According to our doctors , the boy is doing just fine ... settling in nicely . Settling into what , exactly ? What is this place ? A department of humanity facility . Yeah , no , I got that . What is going on here ? Why are there doctors ? Is it a hospital ? Is it a research center ? I mean , what are you doing to him ? - We 're taking care of him . - I 'm ... I 'm sorry . Who here knows how to do that ? Do you know what his favorite cereal is or when it 's time to check his blood sugar ? What scares him ? What about his mom ? What do you say when he asks about her ? He 's a 6-year-old boy . He 's been taken away from his father . No matter what your doctors are saying , he can 't be doing " just fine . " At least let Mr. Walker go in and explain to the boy what 's going on . Policy is policy , Ms. Keller . Your policy is bureaucratic bullshit . It may be able to keep Mr. Walker from his son , but I 'm not going anywhere until I see what 's going on here . Hi , Elvis . I 'm Vanessa . Are you okay ? I want my dad . Time to go in , Elvis . Where are you taking him ? Who are you ? Vanessa Keller , White House chief of staff . Where are you taking him ? We 're going to run a few tests . What kind of tests ? We 're trying to find a cure for the fertility crisis . Yes , what kind of tests ? We treat all of our subjects with dignity . He 's a little boy . He 's not a subject . He 's not a lab rat . Elvis , why don 't you go play on that swing set for a bit ? I 'm sorry . Uh , what tests can you run on a 6-year-old boy that could help cure infertility ? With Elvis , we 're just accumulating data , but we expect more children soon ... older children . And then what will you do with them ? We intend to put them on a hormone regimen ... To induce early puberty . Then we can determine whether or not they 're fertile . What are the effects of that , besides forcing puberty ? Side effects ? That will be part of the study . You don 't know ? Are these children Guinea pigs ? We have a mandate , Ms. Keller . The more subjects we have , the more likely we can enjoy success . Are there adult subjects here , as well ? There will be . This is where the lottery winners will be housed . That 's the rumor , anyway . We 're all really excited about it . [ Footsteps approaching ] Well ? He 's a beautiful boy . Is he okay ? Yes . He seems fine . What does that mean ? Uh , he looks healthy . There 's a playground . Other children ? Yes , yes , yes . Several others . A little older than Elvis , of course , but close enough . What did you say to him ? I told him that his father loves him very much . Kyle . Get a lawyer and fight like hell at that custody hearing . Results on the stolen hairbrush ? - Yep . - [ Computer beeps ] - And ? - Identical . Brooke Ashton 's DNA contained the same virus husk as Kyle 's . Okay , that 's ... just plain weird , but still , it 's quite a leap to assume that ... Kyle and Brooke were both vaccinated against something using this bubonic husk . His sperm fertilized her egg , so they were both obviously fertile after the crisis hit . - Okay . All right . - [ Computer beeps ] Either that 's one hell of a coincidence or I 'm right and there 's some sort of connection . James : So , what , you 're digging up their medical records ? [ Sighs ] No . Again , all right , rabbit hole . You 're saying somebody knew a fertility crisis was coming and they knew how to vaccinate against it , which means what ? Which means they knew what was gonna cause it . That sounds pretty farfetched . Is it ? Yeah , it is , actually . Think about it , James two fertile people in an infertile world with the same bizarre vaccination . Well , if somebody knew , why weren 't we warned ? Why wasn 't everybody vaccinated ? It 's got to be coincidence . Look at this . James : Hmm ? They both visited the same medical clinic in Georgetown on the same day eight years ago and were seen by the same doctor . Still think it 's coincidental ? What the hell 's going on ? I just got a call from the C.I.A. Said you refused to take a polygraph . Yeah . I 'm a lawyer [ Sniffles ] just like you . I know my rights , and I know how things can get twisted . They 're not trying to frame you , Conner . Five diplomats were killed in China . They need to figure out what happened . They 're trying to eliminate you . That 's it . Make their lives easier and yours . Well , I told them I didn 't have anything to do with this . I just got done clearing out Nathan 's office . [ Sighs ] So you 've been drinking . I thought you gave that up . - I did . - God 's sake , Conner . - Conner ... - You sent him there . You and your stupid lottery . This is on you . You 're the reason Nathan 's dead . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ James sighs ] You 're driving everybody crazy . [ Sighs ] Constant infusion of adrenaline into the bloodstream is bad for you on so many levels . [ Sighs ] - Dr. Lennon ? Mark Kessler . - Oh . Congratulations on your accomplishment . What you have done is ... is extraordinary . How can I help you ? Well , we 're looking for a Dr. Mark Kessler who practiced here at this clinic eight years ago . That would be my father . I 'd really like to speak with him . Is he still practicing here ? He died in a plane crash eight years ago . - I 'm so sorry . - Wait . Eight years ago ? Is there anyone still here who worked with your father ? No . If you 'll let me know what you 're after , maybe I can help you . Yeah , well , actually , we were ... uh , when , exactly , was the plane crash ? June 8 , 2017 . - Woman : Dr. Kessler ? - Uh , yeah . Sorry . If that 's all you need ... - Yeah , did your father have a specialty ? - Ob-ob-GYN .. He wasn 't taking many patients anymore . He was mostly doing research . What kind ? Fertility . Ironic , I guess . [ Chuckles ] Anyway , uh , congratulations , and , uh , good luck . Oh , thank you . Hey . You could have just asked to see his father 's records . He died one week after he inoculated Kyle and Brooke . Okay . Now , call me paranoid if you want to , but I find that really suspicious . And I 'm not gonna just spill it to some stranger until I know more . Come on . Let 's go . [ Elevator beeping ] Vanessa : I wanted to talk to you about Conner . I know he 's been acting strangely and that he hasn 't been cooperating with the C.I.A. Conner 's under a lot of pressure . He and Nathan were very close , so ... It 's not hard to understand why he started drinking again . - He refused a polygraph . - [ Cellphone rings ] I know . Oh . - [ Cellphone beeps ] - Conner , look , you really need to ... Okay , okay . Calm down . Where are you ? Stay there . Leave the gun in the car and step outside ! Oh , my God . Conner ! Oh , my God . Ma 'am , stay back . Okay . Security saw him pacing around , threatening to commit suicide . Conner ! It 's me ! It 's Vanessa ! Let me talk to him . I know him . Ma 'am ... ma 'am , I said stay back ! Vanessa ! Put the gun down ! Okay , Conner ! Just put the gun down , damn it ! [ Slurring ] Vanessa . I need to talk to you . Put the gun down now ! Vanessa , there 's something you need to know . I said put the gun down ! I 'm not gonna repeat myself ! Conner , put the gun down , please ! - I ... no ! - Put the gun down ! - No , no , no ! - Leave her alone ! [ Gunshots ] [ Police radio chatter ] Vanessa : It doesn 't make sense . Ma 'am , you need to wait here . We 're going to need a statement . Hey . - Come on . - Darius . That was Conner . - They just killed Conner . - I heard . It 's better if we 're not too close to this . He wanted to talk to me . He was ... he was trying to tell me something . - What did he say ? - They shot him . He was looking for a way out . - What ? - Conner set up Nathan . He was behind the Chinese abduction . - That 's official ? - Yeah . [ Sighs ] C.I.A. found an offshore account in Conner 's name with $ 500,000 in it . Wire transfer was executed the night Nathan and the others were kidnapped in Shanghai . I can 't believe it . You 're saying Conner set him up . Conner cared about Nathan . He would never get involved in something like that . Then what the hell was he doing walking around with a gun threatening to kill himself ? [ Telephone rings ] Mr. Walker . I 'd like to say I have lots of experience with " D " of " H " custody hearings , but there aren 't enough kids these days . Good news is , I 'm free . The " D " of " H " picks up my tab . Isn 't that a conflict ? Technically , but if you sign a waiver letter , we 'll be fine . You are , of course , free to find a private attorney . So , how does this work ? It 's pretty simple . You make your case to the ... the department of humanity , and the judges determine what 's best for your son . Right , well , that seems problematic . In what way ? Well , you 're telling me I need to convince the department of humanity . They 're the pricks that took Elvis in the first place . The judges will be objective . What 's the strategy ? I mean , how do we do this , then ? I 'll do what I can . That 's not a strategy . Look , you punched a hospital employee and kidnapped your son . You also let him ride in the front seat of your car . You showed up late for after-school pickup . My question ... my question is , how do I get my son back ? How do we win this ? It 's the department of humanity , Mr. Walker . You need to adjust your expectations . [ Sighs ] So , I did some checking . Uh , Dr. Kessler Sr. Was working with a zoologist named Dr. Carl Bunin . Why would an Ob-Ob-GYN . Be working with a zoologist ? Exactly . [ Sighs ] Alison , listen , I was thinking . You said Brooke Ashton was murdered . You said Darius Hayes is dangerous . You said there was something going on ... something bad ... and I-I-I didn 't believe you . And I thought you were crazy . I was wrong . And I apologize . Thank you . It 's a relief not to be the only one in the room who 's crazy . [ Chuckles ] So you 're gonna keep pushing for the truth , aren 't you ? By myself ? No . I 'm in . I just think the truth might be unhealthy . Somebody 's got to be behind all this , trying to keep things hidden . It won 't stay hidden Not if I can help it . What 's our move ? We keep digging ... Quietly ... And hope to God we nail them before they nail us . [ Applause ] - [ Applause stops ] - Vanessa . - May I have a moment ... on-camera ? - Jack . Joining me now is White House chief of staff Vanessa Keller . This is her first official interview since the announcement of the lottery . So , tell us , Ms. Keller , is the lottery playing out as you 'd hoped ? Yes . People are inspired . The mood of the nation has improved . But most importantly , I 'm proud of what the lottery stands for . In times like these , the ideals of democracy must be front and center , and giving all healthy women of a certain age an equal opportunity to win ... I think that 's a terrific way of achieving that . Have you given any thought to what happens to the winners after they 're selected , after the embryos are implanted ... what their lives will be like ? In what respect ? Well , these women will be literally carrying the future of the human race inside their bodies . Will they have any extra protection ? Will they be free to come and go as they please ? What role will the department of humanity play in their pregnancies , in their lives , in their children ? The president and I , are discussing these issues on a daily basis . Can you be a little more specific ? Well , all I can say is that we intend to do everything in our power to protect the lives and the dignity of the 100 winners . They will be safe but free . The government wants to support them , not control them . Thank you . What about the latest poll numbers ? Uh , why aren 't the president 's approval ratings higher ? By all accounts , the lottery is a huge success , so why aren 't his numbers through the roof ? We don 't really pay attention to polls . Have the people stopped believing in Thomas Westwood ? [ Chuckles ] That 's ridiculous . There is no reason not to trust the president . Throughout this entire process , he has been nothing but candid and transparent . Remember , the whole point of a lottery is to give everyone a fair chance ... to be Democratic . Why does the White House get to pick the winners ? That doesn 't seem very Democratic . The rules of the lottery were designed to be inclusive and fair . And , again , we 're not worried about ratings . We 're too busy trying to do what really matters . Well , what really matters ? At this precise moment , what is the single most critical issue facing this nation ? Us . Excuse me ? Despite the enormous challenges ahead of us , we can 't forsake our own humanity in the name of preserving it . It 's good to see you again , Jack . [ Mid-tempo music plays ] - Tracy . - In the flesh . [ Sighs ] You look good . Shocking , huh ? I 've been , uh , sober for about a year now . That 's great . Yeah . How 's Elvis ? Elvis is , uh ... What ? What 's wrong ? They took him . Who took him ? The department of humanity . The department of humanity ? What did you do , Kyle ? Tracy , I didn 't do anything . They can 't just take him for no reason . That 's exactly what they did . [ Sighs ] I forgot ... nothing 's ever your fault . You do not know what it 's like . You have not been around the past four years . Yeah , that 's ' cause you took my son , and you walked away . I took Elvis when I came home one night and found him crying in his crib for his mother who was too wasted to even realize that he was gone . I knew . - You didn 't call for two days . - I knew . I knew you had him . I knew he was all right . I didn 't call because I was relieved . I never meant to get pregnant . Nobody was getting pregnant , and suddenly I did . And now I 'm the world 's luckiest woman ... everybody congratulating me , slobbering all over me , giving me advice , judging me . I wasn 't ready to become a mother . But that 's what finally got me sober ... knowing that one day , I could see him again . I 'm sorry . Yeah , well , you could have returned my calls or my texts . I could have . I just wanted to keep moving forward . So what are we gonna do about Elvis ? There 's gonna be a custody hearing . I am gonna lose . Elvis will become a ward of the state unless you come forward and you can convince them into giving him to you . He asks about you . What do you tell him ? I tell him that you love him very much , but you 're sick , and you 'll see him when you 're better . Will you help us ? Darius : At the end of the day , we all want the same thing . We want to save the species . We want humankind to endure . The lottery doesn 't serve that goal . It 's an impediment . We 've already had diplomats murdered . We 've had a kidnapping attempt on our lead scientist . We 've had scandal and death within our own ranks . And all we 've done so far is announce the lottery . What happens when it actually goes online ? What happens when we select those 100 women and impregnate them ? It 's time to pull back on the lottery , sir ... put the genie back in the bottle . Is that possible ? I made a promise to the American people . I 've thought about that , sir . We can create emergency legislation to give you political cover , make it look like this wasn 't your decision . This isn 't about political cover . Taking away people 's freedoms and human rights is the wrong choice . It is the choice of dictators and sociopaths . Destroying some to save others is not a line we can cross . Nobody 's talking about destroying anyone . I know what you 're doing . I 've seen it . Our mandate under the fertility act is to ensure the continuation of the human race " by any means necessary . " Imprisoning babies is not going to ensure the continuation of anything except for inhumanity . For God 's sake , it is insane . In 10 years , we will have lost 50 % of the human population . In 80 years , we will be extinct . If we have to sacrifice a few happy childhoods to secure our future , then that 's what we do . Destroy the village to save it ? You know he 's planning on experimenting on the children ? President Westwood : Look , let 's be honest here . The lottery was meant to inspire hope . It hasn 't . The people aren 't responding . Why are we doing this great thing if no one cares ? It 's not working , Vanessa . Sir , your numbers are soft because the lottery only appeals to the women who are eligible ... women between the ages of 18 and 32 . The rest of the country ... they 're not invested . And why should they be ? What 's in it for them ? I want the whole country on the edge of their seats . I want you to let the people vote on the surrogates . Let the nation choose the winners . Invest everyone , not just the women hoping to be mothers . If we 're worried about the polls , all we have to do is wait nine months . Things will be very different the day those 100 babies are born . He 's right , but you won 't be in office in nine months . You won 't see the benefit of those 100 crying babies . Your successor will . The next person who sits in that chair will be the hero ... not you . [ Sighs ] [ Doorbell rings ] It 's okay . What 's up ? I gave up my apartment in Pittsburgh . I spent my money on passports I can 't use . I don 't know anybody else in D.C. I need to stick around until the custody hearing . [ Car alarm chirps ] Director Hayes . I need your help , James . Mine ? The president is making a mistake with the embryos you and Dr. Lennon created . He 's putting them at risk . I know you 're working hard to create more . If you succeed , you need to let me know ... me ... and no one else . Alison is in charge of the project . - I can 't . - She 's a loose Cannon . I know you can 't control what she does . I just need you to let me know as soon as you do if there are more embryos . Why ? I can make sure they 're properly protected . We failed with the first 100 . We can 't let it happen again . We all want the same thing , James . My fellow Americans , in times of struggle , democracy comes under attack , but we cannot retreat . This country was founded on the principles of fairness , freedom , and transparency . The lottery is an expression of those fundamental ideals and aspirations . So , despite early setbacks , we intend to move forward . There will be a lottery , and we will show the world what we 're about . In fact , we want to invest the nation in this event . We want you , the people of this great country , to vote for the winners , to pick the next generation of mothers , to have a voice in saving humanity . [ Swing squeaking ] Synced and corrected by Nsiko
