 NARRATOR : He is the man who harnessed lightning . MARC SEIFER : He really is the quintessential wizard . NARRATOR : He envisioned new technologies far before their time . ARIEL BAR TZADOK : These images would burst into his mind . NARRATOR : He also claimed to have contact with otherworldly beings . DAVID CHILDRESS : You have to wonder if extraterrestrials themselves weren 't feeding him information . NARRATOR : Nikola Tesla is considered one of the most innovative and mysterious men who ever lived , but was he simply a mad genius , or might his brilliance have had extraterrestrial origins ? DAVID WILCOCK : He was actually being communicated with by extraterrestrials , and publicly proclaimed this . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , is there a connection to the genius of Nikola Tesla ? NARRATOR : New York City . January 7 , 1943 . Famed inventor Nikola Tesla dies of a heart attack on the thirty-third floor of the Hotel New Yorker . Within hours of his body being discovered , his nephew arrives at room 3327 , and discovers Tesla 's remains , as well as his technical papers and notebooks , have already been removed . Speculation spreads that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had seized the items and quickly designated them " top secret . " WILCOCK : Nikola Tesla was completely paranoid about someone trying to kill him , and as soon as he died , U.S. government agents swooped in and confiscated all of his scientific papers . In a very short time , everything that he had been guarding with this life was gone . NICK REDFERN : The official story is that nothing of any great significance was found . It was just a lot of scientific papers and documents . However , there have been a lot of rumors over the years that the materials recovered was profoundly significant in terms of a lot of highly-advanced scientific concepts . NARRATOR : Just who was this mysterious figure known as " Tesla " , and why would his notebooks elicit so much interest from the United States government ? ( thunder rumbling ) The life of Nikola Tesla was a dramatic one from the very beginning . ( thunder rumbling ) ( clock bell chimes ) He was born at the stroke of midnight on July 10 , 1856 , during a violent lightning storm in what is now Croatia . ( thunder rumbling ) SEIFER : It was during an electrical storm , and the midwife saw this as a bad omen . But there was a flash of lightning , and Tesla 's mother said , " No , this will be a child " of light . " TIM SWARTZ : At an early age , Nikola Tesla showed a superior mind . He was already inventing things . He invented toys that used insects to power them . But he was fascinated by thunderstorms . And , but he would see the lightning . He became fascinated with electricity . And he was determined that he was going to harness the power of the earth and the universe for the benefit of mankind . NARRATOR : In 1881 , after eight years studying physics , math and engineering at universities in Graz , Austria and Prague , Tesla became an electrical engineer for a telephone company in Budapest . Three years later , the 28-year-old moved to the United States , and took a job in New York City , working for Thomas Edison . But very quickly , the two would become rivals in what became known as " the war of the " currents . " SEIFER : In a sense , you have dueling wizards . Edison was performing with direct current , Tesla came along with alternating current , competing to win the right to harness Niagara Falls . That was the big prize . If you harness Niagara Falls , you control all the power for the entire Northeast . ( electrical hissing ) NARRATOR : In Edison 's direct current distribution system , the steady stream of electricity would lose potency as it traveled down the line . This required power plants every half mile , and could only supply enough power to light bulbs . ( hissing ) Tesla designed a far more sophisticated system , utilizing alternating current , which could easily be manipulated along the way , allowing for not only light bulbs to be powered , but also other electric devices . Using Niagara Falls as a hydroelectric power source , Tesla 's system could illuminate the entire Northeast . SEIFER : It would be like comparing a horse and buggy to a jet plane . Tesla had the jet plane . Edison had the horse and buggy . There is no comparison at all . Tesla had a quantum leap ahead . NARRATOR : Edison criticized Tesla 's model as highly dangerous in an effort to ensure that his system won out . He even went so far as holding public demonstrations using alternating current to electrocute cats and dogs ... ( electrical buzzing ) and even a rogue elephant . But Nikola Tesla 's superior A / C power system ultimately prevailed , and today , it still remains the foundation of the world 's power grid . JOHN BRANDENBURG : Tesla allowed the world to be electrified , and not only that , he brought electricity from being kind of a useful thing to being a universal thing that could be used all throughout society . GIORGIO A. TSOUKALOS : Nikola Tesla is one of the most amazing geniuses mankind has ever known . His ideas went far and beyond what was accepted at the time . If it hadn 't been for Tesla , we would be living in very different times . NARRATOR : But Nikola Tesla not only officially electrified the world . ( train horn toots ) His legacy includes groundbreaking work on electric railroads , fluorescent and neon lights , wireless radio communications , X-ray ... remote control ... turbine engines ... speedometers ... helicopters ... and even torpedoes . By the time of his death , Tesla held nearly 700 worldwide patents . GEORGE NOORY : Nikola Tesla was one of the world 's greatest inventors . Tesla was like Leonardo da Vinci . He had the mind of a futurist , and he was able to do incredible things . NARRATOR : During Nikola Tesla 's time , the Industrial Revolution was firmly taking hold . Factories , using steam and coal power , replaced manual labor . Hundreds of thousands of miles of railway and roads were built , dramatically changing the landscape of society . But this extraordinary innovation came at a price ... a complete disregard for the environment . SWARTZ : Nikola Tesla said that there was a difference between progress and technology . Progress benefits mankind . Technology does not necessarily do that . If you have a technology that is polluting the planet , that 's not progress . NARRATOR : But just how is it that Nikola Tesla was so far ahead of his time ? For decades , the forward-thinking inventor ... a man shrouded in mystery ... has fascinated scholars and researchers . SEIFER : Tesla came from a very strange area ... actually wasn 't too far from Transylvania . He was tall and thin . He spoke 11 or 12 different languages . And he does these fantastic inventions and fantastic performances , so he had this mystique about him . TZADOK : Nikola Tesla is born at a time which , coincidentally , coincides with an ancient Zoharic prophecy that speaks about the opening of the gates of wisdom upon the earth . And who 's born at this time ? Nikola Tesla . Albert Einstein . This is the beginning of so many things . NARRATOR : But could there really be something more to the prophecies , rumors and wild speculations surrounding Nikola Tesla ? Something , perhaps , even otherworldly ? JASON MARTELL : Throughout history , there have been various prophets and scientists that have really affected the human evolution . Like Einstein , Galileo , Copernicus , and Tesla 's definitely one of these type of people . We have to wonder if these people aren 't somehow involved in some larger plan of influence on humanity as a whole . CHILDRESS : Some researchers into Tesla think that he was some kind of special human receiver , and if that 's the case , then we have someone who the ETs were helping to move along and develop the amazing inventions that light the world today . WILCOCK : Is it possible that Tesla knew he was on a mission ? Was he attempting to uplevel our technology to the point at which we would be capable of having all of the abilities of those who , in ancient times , were called the gods ? NARRATOR : Is it possible , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that Nikola Tesla was being influenced by extraterrestrials ? Extraterrestrials on a mission to advance mankind ? Perhaps answers can be found by further examining the inspiration behind one of Tesla 's greatest achievements . NARRATOR : Cambridge , Massachusetts . The Massachusetts Institute of Technology is home to some of the world 's greatest minds . M.I.T. researchers are on the forefront of innovation , including the development of wireless transmission of power . Efficient wireless transmission of electricity has eluded scientists for years . Radio waves , microwaves and even laser-beam transmission of power have fallen short . But in 2007 , M.I.T. researchers were able to safely transmit power wirelessly seven feet across a room ... a feat heralded as a first step to cutting the power cord . Incredibly , a word in which all electrical devices would be automatically powered at all times , requiring no charging or wires , was envisioned more than a century earlier by inventor Nikola Tesla . And by some accounts , he was close to actually achieving that goal . THOMAS VALONE : The ideas of Tesla for wireless power have only been , um , briefly investigated by various scientists . And the tests that were done by Tesla in 1899 to 1900 in Colorado Springs verify the fact that the use of wireless was actually possible . SEIFER : Tesla went out to Colorado Springs to see if he could send electricity several miles , which is a tremendous achievement , but he had a huge tower . It was 200 feet to the top . His assistant was located at the laboratory and Tesla said , " When " I give you the signal , I want you to throw the switch and fire up the wireless system . And Tesla probably walked four miles away . NARRATOR : Tesla inserted light bulbs into the earth to see if his tower was in fact creating a wireless circuit with the ground . If so , the bulbs would light up . SEIFER : These light bulbs were being lit , so he was able to establish that he could transmit electrical power over great distances . But he did keep it a secret . He even kept the mechanics a secret from his assistant , who didn 't totally know all the details of what he was doing . NARRATOR : Shoreham , New York . 1901 . Tesla convinces banker J.P. Morgan to give him $ 150,000 for the construction of a radio station . But instead , he uses the money to build a giant wireless transmitter he calls Wardenclyffe Tower . SEIFER : Wardenclyffe was 187 feet to the top , but it also went 120 feet down into the ground . And Tesla had envisioned receiving stations , which would look just like the Wardenclyffe Tower at different nodal points around the Earth . He would jump energy by means of wireless from station to station . He even thought that he could eventually use the same system to jump power to different planets . NARRATOR : But Tesla 's dream of creating a highly efficient broadcast of wireless electricity was cut short when in 1904 , its funder J.P. Morgan discovered Tesla 's true intentions to provide free power to everyone on the planet . With lack of additional funding , by 1908 , the project was completely abandoned . And in 1917 , the tower was demolished . REDFERN : No company , no corporation wants to give away its technology freely . So Tesla was shut down , so that the world wouldn 't have free energy . NARRATOR : But just how was Tesla able to transmit electricity wirelessly for several miles when modern scientists can only manage seven feet ? Tesla credited his many inventions to the ability to realize them entirely in his mind . He also described experiencing intense flashes of light , which were followed by moments of intense creativity and clarity . SCHWARTZ : He would see an invention appear before his eyes in almost holographic detail . He said that he could rotate these visions , take them apart piece by piece , and he knew exactly how he was going to build these inventions based on his visionary experiences . SEIFER : One of his greatest creations is the rotating magnetic field , and that came in a flash of intuition . He felt that we were receivers , that all impulses came from the outside , and that we worked on these impulses . So , he doesn 't believe that they come from dreams or inner visions . He really felt that we were , in a sense , self-propelled robots . NARRATOR : Some ancient astronaut theorists believe there may be another explanation for Tesla 's uncanny abilities and mysterious visions . They suggest these spontaneous episodes are proof that Tesla was receiving information from an otherworldly source . TZADOK : These images would literally burst into his mind . Somehow , somewhere , some connection was made . And it 's the same way the biblical prophets received their prophecy . Nikola Tesla was clearly in touch with something . CHILDRESS : You have to wonder if extraterrestrials themselves weren 't feeding him images of inventions that only he could understand . SWARTZ : Nikola Tesla felt there was a knowledge base , located somewhere in the universe , that all of humanity could tap into if they just knew how to properly tune their mind to this knowledge base . NARRATOR : Is it possible Nikola Tesla was actually being fed images to assist him in furthering mankind ? And if so , could Tesla have tapped into an ancient source of knowledge , perhaps even rediscovering technology that may have been used before . TSOUKALOS : We have these stories of towers that might have relayed energy ... like the obelisks that we can find all around the world ... that they , at some point , were all connected and that they were feeding off the Earth 's magnetic grid . SWARTZ : It 's been discovered , in ancient Egyptian temples and tombs , carvings that look suspiciously like modern-day light bulbs and Tesla coils . CHILDRESS : Was there a certain technology , an energy system of ancient times that we still have remnants of today ? Giant pyramids , obelisks , huge standing stones and towers ... Perhey were all part of some extraterrestrial , huge energy system . NARRATOR : Was Tesla 's Wardenclyffe Tower meant to connect to an ancient energy grid powered not only by the Earth , but eventually by other planets , as well ? And if so , is it possible Nikola Tesla was communicating with advanced celestial beings that visited Earth thousands of years ago ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining the mysterious radio transmissions Tesla claimed he received from outer space . ( thunder crashes ) NARRATOR : Colorado Springs . July , 1899 . While testing a magnifying transmitter he built to track storms , Nikola Tesla claims he received some sort of transmission from an unknown source . ( thunder crashes ) SEIFER : One night , he was tracking thunderstorms 600 miles away . But all of a sudden , he heard these beeps . ( three chiming sounds ) And it was three beats in sequence . And so it was mathematical and it didn 't make any sense to him . And the more he thought about it , he thought that they came from outer space , perhaps from the Martians . ( three chiming sounds ) BRANDENBURG : Mars ' orbit brings it close to the Earth periodically , about once every 1.8 years . And at one of those close encounters , uh , he believed he was picking up signals from Mars . VALONE : He most likely had made a receiver that was sensitive enough to receive radio waves , as we now know come from galaxies and-and lots of different extraterrestrial sources . So he interpreted them as signals from ETs . But perhaps he had an open channel that we really still don 't understand today . SEIFER : Tesla believed it 's absurd to think we 're the only intelligent beings in the universe . If that 's the case , where are they in the intelligence hierarchy and why wouldn 't they want to communicate with an intelligent force on the Earth ? NARRATOR : Tesla reported this otherworldly communication and proclaimed his belief in extraterrestrials in February of 1901 , in an article for Collier 's Weekly titled " Talking with the Planets . " SWARTZ : Tesla became obsessed with trying to receive , uh , further , uh , radio communications , uh , from other planets . Based on these transmissions that Tesla was receiving , he developed a theory that this extraterrestrial presence had been on Earth for a millennia . That these extraterrestrials had been controlling mankind from the very beginning . WILCOCK : How far did these communications go ? Did it lead to the point where he was actually able to receive useful information that was helping him build his inventions ? Many believe that this is what happened and that Tesla had direct contact , through the things he 'd invented , with extraterrestrial intelligence . NARRATOR : But the shocking revelation was shunned by Tesla 's scientific peers and led many to deem him " a mad " scientist . " BRANDENBURG : So you have Nikola Tesla electrifying the world , literally . Then , about the time that he had a falling-out with , uh , J.P. Morgan , a very powerful man ... he 'd also had a legendary falling-out with Edison , another legendary , powerful man . Then it came out that he was trying to , perhaps , signal the planet Mars . And his enemies exploited this , uh , I think , to try and discredit him . NARRATOR : In the early 1900s , it was rumored that Tesla was being considered to receive the Nobel Prize . But , mysteriously , he never did . SEIFER : Even today , scientists don 't take him into account the way they should . Tesla talked about atoms working like solar systems , and that light could work as a wave and a particle . Einstein got a Nobel Prize for saying light worked like a particle , and Bohr and Rutherford got a Nobel Prize for saying that atoms were like little solar systems . So why is he removed from the history of quantum physics when he really belongs at the heart of it ? So I think he 's been unfairly treated by the physicists , and part of the reason is his attachment to extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Was Nikola Tesla simply letting his imagination get the better of him ? Or is it possible he really was in contact with extraterrestrial beings ? Belgrade , Serbia . Housing more than 160,000 documents , the Nikola Tesla Museum offers rare insight into some of Tesla 's future plans ... including what some believe are drawings of spaceships . According to historians , Tesla began work on his flying machine in 1910 , focusing on the use of field propulsion , or anti-gravity . It is believed Tesla had discovered that high amounts of electricity could actually create lift in an object . CHILDRESS : Throughout the 1920s and ' 30s , Tesla continually talked about anti-gravity ships that could derive power from his Wardenclyffe Towers that were gonna be broadcasting power . He claimed these ships did not have wings or fuel . They were completely electric . NARRATOR : But were Tesla 's designs truly the first of their kind ? Or is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that similar vehicles had already visited the planet in the remote past ? TSOUKALOS : In the ancient Indian epics , the Vedas , we find references of " vimanas , " those flying chariots that were used by the gods in order to travel from point " A " to point " B. " Some of these vimanas were able to alter direction at the drop of a hat , without any effort . So , now , reading this from a modern-day perspective would suggest that some type of anti-gravity device was used . You can link this from the ancient to the modern world with the modern UFO phenomenon . And so the idea that Tesla might have worked on an anti-gravity device is very plausible to me . NARRATOR : Are the depictions of flying machines in ancient Hindu texts like the Mahabharata really proof that Tesla had received otherworldly knowledge in order to design anti-gravity spaceships ? And if the so-called " mad " " scientist " actually did make contact with extraterrestrials , is it possible he continued to carry out their wishes in secret ? NARRATOR : Palo Alto , California ; 2013 . A Silicon Valley start-up 's all-electric sports car wins Motor Trend 's Car of the Year . It 's one of the most fuel-efficient vehicles on the planet , produces no emissions and can go from zero to 60 miles per hour in four seconds . The Model S energizes the electric car industry and reintroduces its namesake to the world stage ... Tesla . CHILDRESS : It 's interesting to think in 1931 , Tesla told reporters that he had converted a Pierce-Arrow car into a completely electric car . Tesla showed them the car . He drove it around . It went as fast as 90 miles per hour . When you look at it , many of the inventions that Tesla talked about , and even patented , were eventually developed . NARRATOR : The list of technologies that can be traced back to the drawing board of Nikola Tesla is endless . Modern humanoid robotics , solar and wind power , weather manipulation , drones and even planetary exploration vehicles . Getting as little as just two hours of sleep per day , the inventor 's sole purpose on Earth appeared to be geared toward one end : advancing technology for the future of the human race . SEIFER : He always had his eye on the future . And further , he was trying to shape the future through his inventions . TZADOK : Mr. Tesla was not unique in this . Many of the founders , leaders , of religion also were compelled by inner experiences , which pushed them to materialize these things in the world . So , in a religious context , we would say that a religious leader is in touch with something divine . In a scientific context , we wouldn 't necessarily use the word " divine , " but yet , somehow , somewhere , people are being contacted , receiving communications which are leading to the clear introduction of new things in humanity . MARTELL : Tesla seemed to have this drive that put everything else by the wayside . When he was working on an invention , food , sleep , relationships , human interaction ... none of that mattered . It 's almost as if he was on some type of a mission . A mission , possibly , with a greater plan , under the influence of extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Was Nikola Tesla really inspired to invent by an extraterrestrial source , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? And if so , might further clues be found in what some believe to be the rantings of a " mad man " ? By the time Nikola Tesla moved into his final home ... the Hotel New Yorker ... in January 1934 , he had become better known for his eccentricities than his inventions . He reportedly was an extreme germaphobe , preferred to work in almost complete darkness and was also obsessed with the number three . SEIFER : Tesla was definitely interested in numerology . And he was very superstitious . He had to circle a building three times before he entered . He had calculated nodal points around the planet and they were probably linked to the numbers three , six and nine . And he said that the numbers were very important . WILCOCK : Nikola Tesla was quoted as saying , " If you knew " the magnificence of the three , six and nine , you would have a " key to the universe . " If we go to the Great Pyramid of Giza , not only are there the three larger pyramids at Giza , all side by side , mirroring the positions of the stars in Orion 's Belt , but we also see a group of three smaller pyramids immediately away from the three larger pyramids . Three and three . Similarly , we find lots of evidence that nature uses threefold and sixfold symmetry , including the hexagonal tile shape of the common honeycomb . These shapes are in nature , and the ancients emulated these shapes in the building of their sacred architecture . So Tesla 's quote is neatly mirrored in the actual archaeological evidence that we find in many ancient architectural sites around the world . NARRATOR : Could the numbers three , six and nine really offer clues to the inner workings of the universe ? If so , is it possible that Tesla uncovered this profound secret and used this knowledge to push the boundaries of science and technology ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining Tesla 's most controversial invention . NARRATOR : New York City . July 1934 . On his 78th birthday , Nikola Tesla makes headlines on the front page of the New York Times for his alleged " death beam . " According to the article , the weapon could generate enough energy to bring down a fleet of 10,000 enemy airplanes as far as 250 miles away . BRANDENBURG : Tesla apparently discovered that he could direct a stream of plasma plus solid particles for long distances through the air and kind of direct a lightning bolt . And he called this a death ray . NOORY : Tesla wanted to invent a machine that would knock out enemy aircraft in the air . You would point it to the skies , turn it on and all of the sudden those planes would just fall like that . SEIFER : Tesla felt that if every country had a particle beam weapon , then no country would ever be invaded , because planes would be shot down and ships would be sunk . So he was trying to sell this particle beam weapon to the U.S. government during World War II . And I think Franklin Roosevelt was basically looking at two possibilities . Einstein was discussing the possibility of an atom bomb . Tesla was discussing the possibility of a particle beam weapon . And it turned out the atom bomb was able to be invented ... and that 's the way they went . NARRATOR : Although the death ray announcement failed to ignite interest by the U.S. War Department , some say other innovative work by Tesla did catch their attention . Earlier in his career , while conducting research with one of his transformer coils , Nikola Tesla had a near-death experience when he came in contact with a resonating electromagnetic charge of three and a half million volts . SEIFER : Tesla was working with 60-foot lightning bolts , and he made a mistake , and he almost got electrocuted , and he couldn 't get out , and he had to get one of his workers to stop the lightning from happening . And he barely escaped with his life , and because of a shock that he had , he had a revelation . CHILDRESS : Tesla said that he entered a-a state of timelessness , and he could see the past and the future and the present all at once in this mystic vision , but he was paralyzed and he couldn 't do anything about it . Tesla was being , essentially , electrocuted , and right then his assistant cut the power to him . But what Tesla said it had done was moved him through time and space . NARRATOR : But is it really possible Tesla had found a way to break through the space-time continuum ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer might be found by looking at what has become known as the " Philadelphia Experiment . " According to reports , right before Tesla 's death , he was working with Albert Einstein and the United States Navy at the Philadelphia Naval Yard to create an electromagnetically charged invisibility cloak for the USS Eldridge . BRANDENBURG : They were attempting to do a stealth technology . And apparently , they mounted a bunch of Tesla coils to make a bunch of plasma around a ship , and this is well known to help hide things from radar . But something very unexpected happened . The ship didn 't just disappear from radar . It disappeared completely and reappeared with some of the crew actually embedded in the metal of the ship . NARRATOR : Although mainstream scientists believe the so-called Philadelphia Experiment is a hoax , some insist the account is authentic . WILCOCK : We have leaked testimony from classified levels of secrecy in the U.S. government the Philadelphia Experiment was real , that the soldiers on that ship got disoriented , and they ended up walking into the hull . And when the ship then rematerialized in our reality , their bodies melded with the metal in the hull . NARRATOR : Had Tesla really discovered a way to travel through time and space ? If so , might the secrets behind this technology , along with the blueprints for Tesla 's death beam , have been included in the scientific documents that the FBI allegedly confiscated upon his death ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe evidence of this might be found with the modern world 's most sophisticated new weaponry . NARRATOR : The Singapore Airshow . February 2014 . An Israeli arms company known as Rafael Advanced Defense Systems reveals details of a laser defense system capable of shooting missiles from the sky with a pulse of energy . The futuristic military hardware is called Iron Beam . REDFERN : The concept of Iron Beam is that it 's essentially a high-energy laser that is designed to rapidly heat up the target that it 's aimed at . We 're talking about aircraft , drones , missiles . Anything that could launch an attack on a city could be literally destroyed in the sky by Iron Beam . This sounds very much like Tesla 's death ray . CHILDRESS : This is exactly the kind of technology that Tesla was talking about in the 1920s and ' 30s , of using these beam weapons to shoot down missiles and projectiles . WILCOCK : The War Department sided with Einstein and Oppenheimer 's atomic bomb , not with Tesla . But now what we 're seeing is that Israel is developing this Iron Beam technology because they 've realized that atomic weapons were far too destructive . Is it possible that Tesla developed a time-viewing or time travel technology , and that he became aware of these developments ? NARRATOR : Tesla was once quoted as saying , " The present " is theirs , but the future for which I have really worked is " mine . " Did Tesla , in fact , see into the future ? Might Iron Beam be proof that plans for the death ray not only existed , but also may have even been confiscated and carried out by the United States government ? There are those who believe that Nikola Tesla was not only in contact with extraterrestrials , but was sent here to Earth by them to fulfill a mission and usher in a new age for mankind . SEIFER : One of the big questions is : Who is Tesla ? Is he , in a sense , an avatar , an enlightened being that comes to the Earth to help humans ? No one really knows exactly what 's going on , but I think all great artists ... and Tesla saw himself as an artist ... feel that they 're instruments of a higher purpose , and Tesla certainly felt that he was working along those lines . TZADOK : There is an agenda for humanity . There is a plan . And in every generation , whatever power it is that 's behind the plan sends to Earth certain specific souls who are , by birth , more inclined and able to be receptors to the higher knowledge . CHILDRESS : You have to wonder if Tesla was transplanted to Earth by extraterrestrials in order to envision and invent all of these amazing devices . WILCOCK : If extraterrestrials put Tesla in place for a specific purpose , did they accomplish what they hoped to achieve ? The answer may be no , because if Tesla 's technologies had been openly acknowledged here on Earth , we could have greened the deserts . We could be desalinating ocean water with table top energy levels . We could have a totally new and different world in which we don 't have to pay for energy , in which we have anti-gravity craft , in which we have teleportation technology , and in which we truly have become a golden age here on Earth . That has not happened . NARRATOR : Is it possible that Nikola Tesla really was influenced by otherworldly beings ? Might he have been inspired to carry out an extraterrestrial experiment , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? And could it be that mankind was not ready to receive this advanced knowledge ? Perhaps , but if such an audacious notion is true , then is it possible that we are now on the threshold of completing his experiment , and in doing so , might we reconnect not only with Tesla 's genius , but with an alien intelligence that stretches throughout the galaxy ?
