 Previously on " The Lottery " ... We choose two hundred biologically viable surrogates from the thousands of women who meet the agreed-upon medical criteria . We invite those two hundred women to D.C. We 're looking for a Dr. Mark Kessler . He died in a plane crash eight years ago . Did your father have a specialty ? Fertility . The president is making a mistake with the embryos you and Dr. Lennon created . I know you 're working hard to create more . If you succeed , you need to let me know ... me ... and no one else . Department of humanity ! Put the boy down ! Kyle : There 's gonna be a custody hearing . Elvis will become a ward of the state unless you come forward and you can convince them into giving him to you . President Westwood : Nathan Mitchell and four other diplomats were just taken hostage in Shanghai . - What do they want ? - They want five embryos . Please , don 't shoot ! No ! [ Gunshot ] You sent him there . You and your stupid lottery . This is on you . You 're the reason Nathan 's dead . Vanessa , there 's something you need to know . Conner , put the gun down , please ! No , no , no ! L-leave her alone ! Darius : Conner set up Nathan . He was behind the Chinese abduction . Conner cared about Nathan . He would never get involved in something like that . Then what the hell was he doing walking around with a gun , threatening to kill himself ? America , this is the day we 've been dreaming about . A new chapter in human history is about to begin . These are the names of the two hundred lottery finalists . Number one ... Nora Robinson from Chicago , Illinois . Mother : Nora is 19 and an English Major at Colorado College . Gabrielle : Lottery finalist number 14 ... Sharon Liberboim from Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . Sharon is 21 and a dental assistant who acts in the local theater . [ Knock on door ] Lottery finalist number 15 ... Laura Shaw from New Haven , Connecticut . Laura is 19 and single and a graduate student ... Hey . - At Yale University . - Come on in . Hannah is 19 and training horses on her parents ' farm . Lottery finalist number 18 , Shin Peng from San Francisco , California . Shin is 19 and is studying sports medicine at the Smith Orthopedic Clinic . - Lambs to the slaughter . - Lottery finalist number 19 ... - Linda halpern . - Want a cup of coffee ? No , I 'm , uh , I 'm good . Is Allison around ? - Lottery finalist number 20 ... - She 's upstairs taking a shower . Said to tell you she 'd be down in a few minutes . Crashing here till my son 's custody hearing . Cool . Roberta Liberboim . [ Footsteps approach ] Hi . I didn 't hear you come in . So , there 's an extra key on the table . - Ready ? - Mm-hmm . Bye . Onward , science . President Westwood : Number 24 ... Carla Davidson , from Gainesville , Florida . Carla is a United States marine who served on the humanitarian mission in Italy during the great Venice flood . Number 87 ... Katherine Visconti from Atlanta , Georgia . Katherine is a general manager at McHale Furniture . She delivers meals to the elderly and homebound . Lottery finalist number 88 ... Perry Sommers from Brenham , Texas . [ Patrons cheer ] Perry is 22 , a part-time design consultant . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Knock on door ] Man : Perry , you won ! You won ! You 're in the lottery ! Yeah ! That 's our girl ! You show ' em ! Go get ' em , Perry ! _ 198 ... Karina Barry , from Wooster , Massachusetts . Karina 's 28 and an accountant who volunteers at a local animal shelter . Man : Two more to go , Angela . Don 't worry . 199 ... Phoebe Malette , from Webster Groves , Missouri . Phoebe is 24 and an elementary-school teacher who likes to run marathons . And our last finalist ... Number two hundred ... Angela Maria Perez , Man : Yeah ! From Los Angeles , California . Y-you won . [ Laughs ] Tomorrow , these two hundred lucky women will be invited to Washington , D.C. , to begin the next stage of the process . In three nights , we will welcome them all in an opening ceremony , and you will meet them personally . You , the people , will vote for the one hundred best mothers . But this is not merely a contest . It is the beginning of the path to restore humankind . Certainly , the women who are going to be ... I 'm sorry . I still don 't see how I can help you . [ Gabrielle speaking indistinctly on TV ] Dr. Kessler , your father was a fertility specialist who just so happened to vaccinate two different patients against something we believe ... May have caused the fertility crisis . Y-you 're saying my father is connected to the fertility crisis ? [ Both sigh ] Maybe he knew it was coming ... Before his plane crashed . This is really out of the blue . I understand , but if you have any insight ... what he was working on before he died ... He used to joke that if he told me what he was doing , he would have to kill me . You became a doctor , like your father . I mean , you must have watched him very closely . My father never let anybody get close . But I , uh ... [ Clicking pen ] If you know something , please ... tell us . He was working with monkeys . - Monkeys ? - Yes . I 'm sorry . I have an appointment . [ Clears throat ] Thank you for your time . My dad sometimes published under the name Dr. Relssek ... his name , but spelled backwards . Yeah . It 's funny ... a couple days before he died , he told my mom he felt like the world was going backwards . We thought we could control her , but we were wrong . I agree . We need to take a different approach . [ Indistinct conversation ] I promise you ... I 'll do my best . There 's nothing more important to me . So , the lottery 's actually working ? Across the board . The response has been ecstatic . Given how fast we had to move and how many things could have gone wrong , this experiment is kind of a miracle . Not exactly the same kind of experiment the founding fathers had in mind . Well , I don 't know about that . I 'd consider this a contest by the people and for the people . We 've created a circus . It 's a good day , Darius . Enjoy it . Except for this Conner Black thing . The press is circling back . Yes . I met with reporters about that this morning ... told them we were greatly saddened by the loss , that he was a valued state department official . What about the actual shooting ? I quoted the police report ... that Conner was threatening to kill himself , refusing to cooperate with officers , and they shot him in the chest . He was a traitor . He killed five of our diplomats . They 're ready for you , Mr. President . Thank you . My wife has me meeting with reporters about the qualities of a good mother . What the hell do I know ? Vanessa , make this Conner Black thing go away . Yes , sir . Before he was shot , Conner called me . There was something he wanted to tell me . Probably wanted to purge . Not easy living with that kind of guilt . He got what he deserved . My husband was gunned down in a fricking parking garage . _ Why the hell can 't this wait ? I 'm so sorry , Charlie . I can 't imagine what you must be going through . But Conner left behind a mess , and we need to clean it up . [ Scoffs ] The official statement from the white house will be that Conner suffered from severe depression and had recently gone off his meds . [ Sighs ] We think this is better than the other explanation . Which is ... ? That Conner was about to be arrested for helping to assassinate five diplomats ... his boss , Nathan Mitchell , being one of them . Nobody else needs to know what really happened . What really happened ? Do you really think he had anything to do with the terrorist attack in China ? I hate to say it , but I do . [ Sighs ] I can 't explain it , but the evidence against him is conclusive . You were Conner 's friend . He was loyal to his country , to the people he worked for . Something happened . I don 't know what . He was acting odd . He was stressed out , scared . I 'm as shocked as you are . But , Charlie , Conner was involved . And he was paid half a million dollars to do it . That makes no sense . Look at our bank accounts . Here ... joint and individual . And the second mortgage that he applied for five days ago . You think that is someone who thinks he 's about to come into half a million dollars ? [ Voice breaking ] I 'm telling you , something is wrong . Charlie , if you cooperate with us , you will be entitled to Conner 's full pension . Uh ... are you trying to buy me off ? No . I ... I 'll talk to my lawyer . I 'm not gonna let you or that asshole from the Department of Humanity cover things up . Department of Humanity ? That guy who runs it . Wait ... you 're talking about Darius Hayes ? Conner met with him a few times . He was pressuring him to ... Do something . - To do what ? - He never said . But Conner was terrified . I could see it in his eyes . So Conner knew Darius ? Yes . They met the night before the ... Diplomats were kidnapped and murdered . [ Country music playing ] Better make sure all those shakers are full before you go . Can 't believe you made me come into work today . Ah , I 'm sorry . I didn 't find a replacement yet . Not saying that you 're replaceable . - Oh . - [ Chuckles ] Hey . Oh ! You keep doing things like that , you 're not gonna have a job to come home to . [ Chuckles lightly ] [ Chuckles lightly ] Do you really think I 'm coming back to Brenham , Texas ? I got my ticket out of this place , Luke . Soon as I 'm pregnant , I am going to be one of the most famous people on the planet . Wow . Well , doesn 't mean you couldn 't come back here , right ? I mean , look , I know I don 't say this too much , but you and me ... We 're a pretty good couple . [ Chuckles lightly ] Yeah , but there 's a big world out there . I want to see it , you know ? I want to be part of it . Mm . What if you lose ? I won 't . Two hundred gals . Only one hundred are gonna make it , and let 's face it , Perry ... you ain 't exactly the mothering type . I 'm not really the waitressing type , either . [ Door closes ] What is it ? You know I 'm gonna miss you , too . It 's not that . You know , I was thinking ... I want you to win . But would it feel strange ... it not being our baby ? It will be ours , Raul . We 'll be raising it . Doesn 't matter where the embryo came from . If God wants us to have a baby , then we 'll have a baby . Even if we 're virgins ? [ Laughs ] It 's happened before , right ? Our goal is to vet the two hundred finalists for motherhood ... ask questions , present challenges , [ camera shutters clicking ] Give them tests . We want the nation to have as much information as possible when they vote for the winners . Man : Madam First Lady , how will you test the women ? Gabrielle : Dr. Lennon ? Um ... We plan to test for genetic markers of disabling diseases . In addition to the tests already conducted for eligibility , we 'll also be screening for psychological and emotional stability . Man : Dr. Lennon , one more question . It 's all going to be a very busy and exciting time . Thank you all very much . Madam First Lady . Madam First Lady . Over here . [ Reporters speaking indistinctly ] Dr. Lennon ? I know this part of the process isn 't terribly scientific , but your involvement is crucial . Thank you . Happy to help . Dr. Lennon . We have your opening-ceremony speech prepared , if you 'd care to take a look at it . Oh . I trust you always know what exact words to put in my mouth . If you 'll both excuse me , I actually have to go do some real work . I think she prefers science to public relations . Yeah . Thank God . [ Chuckles ] Thank you again for agreeing to do this . I 'm doing it for Elvis . I understand that . Elvis still needs his mother , even if he didn 't have me for a few years . [ Sighs ] It 's my first custody hearing . Do I look okay ? Great . - Yeah ? Not too fancy ? - No , no . It 's good . Well , my Legal-Aid lawyer told me to dress like I was going to work . And I said to her , " you mean what ? Like a waitress ? " [ Laughs , sighs ] Just tell them the truth ... that you love Elvis and I kept you away . Between the two of us , you 're the only one that 's got a shot at winning . How 'd it go with Conner 's husband ? Well , he is threatening to hire a lawyer and launch an investigation . Why 's that ? He thinks we 're covering something up . [ Sighs ] Did you tell him about the evidence ? I did , yeah . But he 's ... He 's in denial . Sometimes , the truth is tough to accept . Sometimes , the truth can be a little hard to find . What do you mean ? I just mean things may not be so black and white . You need to help Charlie accept what happened . Show him the evidence , show him how guilty his husband really was . Think about the lives that were lost . Conner was a good man . It 's hard to believe . Did you know him ? Personally ? Yeah . No , I ... I think I might have met him at a state department function once . So you didn 't know him ? No . [ Gearshift clicks ] [ Groaning ] No more detective work . You 're a scientist . You stick to embryos . Got it ? I got it . [ Grunts ] [ Groans ] [ Indistinct conversations , camera shutters clicking ] Wow . Man : This is lottery finalist number 88 , Perry Sommers ! Sign here , please , miss Sommers . This is lottery finalist number 89 ... Genevieve Geoghan . Congratulations , miss Geoghan . Excuse me , but I 'm not exactly sure where I should go . That makes two of us . Uh , you 're ... Perry Sommers . Welcome . I 'm Dr. Alison Lennon . I 've seen your face on the news . You 're the woman who caused all this . I 'll take the blame . Well , good luck . You 'll be taken now to your room . Okay . [ Door buzzes ] Mother : Welcome , Perry Sommers . Hi . I 'm Angela . Perry . Gosh . Will you look at this place ? This is just like college . Not that I ever went . Guess we 're gonna be roomies for a few weeks . George : I pulled the file , like you asked . So , these are the calls that Conner made . And this is the transcript of the call he made to the security team in Shanghai , changing the scheduled arrival time . Now , this is the wired money transfer from a bank in Shanghai to Conner 's offshore account in the Caymans . And this is the confirming e-mail from his bank to the bank in Shanghai . It 's all there in the file . Thanks . Do me a favor , George . See if you can figure out where he was the night before the abduction ... credit-card receipts , surveillance footage . And don 't tell anyone about this . Right . Not a soul , George . You hear me ? Lead judge : Good afternoon . This hearing has been convened to determine the custodial rights of Elvis Walker . Your petition is for joint custody ? No , ma 'am . Miss Williams is petitioning for sole custody . We were only just informed of miss Williams ' intentions yesterday . Why have you stepped forward ? Because I 'm his mother . And what is the department of humanity 's position ? Elvis Walker is the youngest child in the country . Because he is a precious and irreplaceable asset , the state has a compelling interest in his health and well-being . It is our opinion that the boy 's father is not capable of caring for him . He has a history of violence , alcoholism , and child neglect . And what about miss Williams ? The mother 's been absent from the boy 's life and has a history of drug addiction . Tracy : That 's not true . It was alcohol . I-I wasn 't addicted to the drugs . I was addicted to the alcohol . But I 'm clean now ... one year . Hmm . There you are . Where have you been ? Hey . Just , uh ... Got into a little accident . Hey . You all right ? Yeah . No , I-I 'm fine . Have you seen your lip ? [ Chuckles ] It 's all good . What 's going on ? All right . Well , check this out . I found a paper Kessler published with his name spelled backwards . Yeah ? " Auto-regulated fertility in spider monkeys . " Auto-regulated fertility ? He 'd found a protein that regulates fertility , which means it can also shut things down , force infertility . Why ? Why would he develop something that promotes infertility and then inoculate against it at the same time ? Exactly . Why ? Unless he knew what they were doing could cause a worldwide fertility crisis . Al , you got to stop this . It 's starting to get scary . Scary ? This isn 't us . We 're not a couple of detectives . James , somebody knew the crisis was going to happen . They were planning for it . Judge : Mr. Walker failed to pick up his son from school on May , 12th of this year . That same day , he assaulted a hospital employee and kidnapped his son . Holmes : Clarification ... Mr. Walker did not fail to pick up his son . He was 25 minutes late . Mr. Walker , will you please stand ? I 've been exploring the facts of this case . - Elvis has juvenile diabetes , correct ? - Yes . Which means you have to monitor his blood sugar . Every two hours . Even at night ? Especially at night . When was the last time you slept through the night ? Since before he was born . But now that he 's gone , I-I don 't sleep at all . Despite your sleep deprivation , you managed to care for your son , provide for him , get him back and forth to school . Except for that one day you didn 't pick him up . Actually , Mr. Walker was 25 minutes late . Let me tell you something . What you 've done ... I think it 's extraordinary . He 's my son . [ Shower running , classical music plays ] When are they bringing our stuff ? I want my guitar . [ Water turns off ] Whoa . Hey . Hey , come look at this . It looks like a camera . It is a camera . In the bedroom ? Didn 't you read the papers that the lawyers made you sign ? Privacy rights . Nobody reads that stuff . Cameras , mama ... 24 / 7 . So ... America is watching us ? They will be . Screw that . Stop . Stop ! You 'll get us disqualified . Don 't ruin this for me . If you want to sabotage yourself , go right ahead . Don 't take me down with you . Okay . I need a cigarette . This is a smoke-free environment . And a guitar-free environment . Where is my guitar ? They said they would provide everything we need . I knew this was a dumb idea . Then why did you do it ? Because everybody was doing it ... all the girls in Brenham . You should 've seen the lines . And ... Why not me ? You know ? Who 's to say that I shouldn 't have a kid ? Luke said that I wasn 't the mothering type . Well , what does he know ? Nobody 's the mothering type until you become a mother . And then you just figure it out . My mom figured it out . So did yours . [ Scoffs ] Oh , my mother never figured it out . Trust me . Hey . Tonight 's the announcement . There 's gonna be celebrations all over the world . So , are you ready to party ? [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] Mother : Ladies , it is time to prepare for the evening 's festivities . [ Both laugh ] [ Squeals ] Tracy : I truly believe that I 've turned a corner and that I can take care of Elvis . I don 't know ... That I was ready to be a mom when Elvis was born , and I felt sad about that . And I still feel sad because of all the time I lost . There are so many women in the world today who are desperate to have a child . And here I am , one of the very few who has one . I have a good job and everything that I need ... Except for the one thing that could give me true meaning in my life ... [ Voice breaking ] My son . But you did disappear from his life . Yeah . I did for a while . For five years . It was my fault . Your fault ? I kept her away . Never gave her a chance . I told myself that it was in Elvis ' best interest , but ... Really , it was in my best interest . I wanted Elvis to be with me . I mean , even after Tracy got straight ... I never let her back in , and that was wrong . She was his mother . Elvis needed her just as much as he needed me . Well , I got access to Conner 's car , tapped into his GPS . There was one outlier address he visited a few times ... in Crystal City . Crystal City ? He went there the night before the Chinese thing went down . What 's the address ? 2218 , June street . [ Doorbell buzzes ] - Woman : Yeah ? - Delivery . For who ? For the person who lives at 2218 , June street . Um ... Okay . Let me get you a tip . Only managed to get a few shots off . Couldn 't see much inside , either . Vanessa : Did you run the address ? Yeah , it 's owned by an LLC ... TKT Holdings . I 'll try to get more , but it might take me a day or two . The big question is , who the hell is she ? He was in Crystal City . That 's where he went the night before the abduction . - Crystal City ? - Do you know anyone there ? No . Maybe ... That 's where Darius lives ? No , he lives in Chevy Chase . I had someone check out the address . A young woman came to the door . Did Conner say anything else ? Did he mention any other names , a woman ? [ Knock on door ] Man : Charlie , hello ? You in there ? Charlie , it 's the news . Charlie , just a few questions . [ Indistinct talking ] What the hell did you do ? [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry . I was so upset , I had already called the press . I wanted to get some of this off my chest . I know that you 're suspicious . I get it . But we need to keep this a secret . Do you understand ? Charlie , you have a daughter . You have a life . You cannot take this on . It 's too dangerous . Trust me . Look what happened to Conner ... and Nathan . [ Knock on door ] What did you tell them ? Did you tell them why you wanted them to come ? No . I just said I wanted to make a statement . Okay , good . So you 'll make a statement . Go out there and tell them that Conner was depressed , that he went off his meds ... That he was threatening to commit suicide , and that a policeman shot him . Charlie . Go and tell them exactly what I just said . [ Knock on door ] [ Indistinct talking ] [ Camera shutters clicking ] I have a brief statement . My husband , Conner Black ... Was suffering from depression . Unfortunately , he was off his meds ... And threatening to commit suicide . James : I get why you 're here ... you 're the face of the lottery . I just don 't understand why I 'm here . How often do you get a ringside seat at history ? Maybe I can find us a drink . Evening , Dr. Lynch . What happened ? You okay ? I 'm fine . We 've been out of touch . I 've , uh ... I 've been busy . I apologize . We haven 't made any meaningful progress ... not yet , but we 're trying . [ Cellphone chimes ] Remember , Dr. Lynch ... focus on what 's important . Yes ? Judge : Sir , I don 't know what happened . She 's going off script . Can you put her on the phone ? Yes . She 's right here . Yes ? Elizabeth . Hello , sir . There 's only one acceptable outcome . Do you understand ? I thought we were supposed to be advocating for the best interests of the children . That 's exactly what we 're doing . [ Cellphone beeps ] But ... [ Dial tone ] [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] In the wake of the fertility crisis , laws were strengthened to protect our children and our future . It 's been six years , and we are still trying to find the proper balance . In a perfect world , we wouldn 't have to make these kinds of decisions . But we don 't live in a perfect world . Not even close . This panel has decided to terminate the parental rights of the father , Kyle Walker . As for the mother , Tracy Williams ... the panel deems her to be an unfit parent . That 's not true . Elvis Walker is now a ward of the state . What ? You can 't do this . Hey , you can 't do this . You know this is wrong . Why are you doing this ? I am sorry . Just five minutes with my son . Please just give me five minutes . Not for me ... for him . Please . The night we 've been waiting for is finally here . The long night of fear is finally coming to an end . It is my profound honor to present to the American people and to people in every corner of our planet the two hundred lottery finalists . History has chosen you . Your destiny is the destiny of all humanity . The one hundred women who are selected will not only carry babies . You will carry the hopes of our entire species . The eyes of the world are upon you . I wish you all the best of luck . Thank you , and may God bless America . Man : And we 're out . Mother : Dear contestants , you were all lovely , and it was a wonderful evening . Our security personnel will now escort you back to your dwelling , because tomorrow , we will begin . What about the parties ? [ Indistinct whispering ] Remember , dignity at all times . Good night , dear ones . [ Locks click ] [ All gasp ] [ Indistinct talking ] Okay . Okay . It 's quite a night . It all feels a bit surreal . Two hundred women just got their marching orders to go off and save humanity while we go to a cocktail party . At least we 're starting to fight the right wars . Just to be clear , one hundred embryos isn 't going to save the world . It 's a beginning . Hi . I 'm Vanessa Keller . Hi . You 're a lucky young woman to be here tonight . Excuse me ? Well , there are supreme court justices who couldn 't get this kind of access . My dad loves to pull strings , so ... He thought that this would inspire me . [ Footsteps approach ] Your dad ? Mm-hmm . I see you 've met my daughter . Your daughter ? This is Rose . I-I d ... I didn 't even know you had a daughter . She 's been living with her mother . She came here for a fresh start . But she ... Likes to make things difficult . I believe I had to make 25 calls today to make sure she actually got here . So , uh ... Where are you staying ? I 'm staying at my dad 's apartment in Crystal City . You have an apartment in Crystal City ? For visitors . Like my lovely daughter . Want to meet the President of the Untied States ? Why not ? Shall we ? Hey . Hey , buddy . Mm . [ Chuckles ] Listen . [ Exhales deeply ] [ Sighs ] We 're not gonna see each other for a little bit , okay ? How long ? Well ... A little bit . Not too long . Thing is ... I 've always tried to treat you like you 're just an ordinary little kid . Only , actually , you 're quite special . And that 's why they want to keep you in a very special place . Who will tell me stories at night ? I have a story for you . Once upon a time , there was a boy . He was actually a prince ... a strong , powerful little prince , and he lived all alone in this great big castle . And then one day , he found out that he wasn 't really alone . His mom and dad were there , and he could see them whenever he wanted . How ? [ Sniffles ] It 's the oldest magic trick in the world . Just close his eyes . Whenever things got hard ... Whenever he felt alone ... all the little prince had to do was just close his eyes , and then he was always safe . And he was never alone . [ Mid-tempo music plays ] ♪ But I 'm ready now ♪ Double bourbon . ♪ Yeah , I 'm ready now ♪ ♪ Yeah , I 'm ready now ♪ ♪ For you ♪
