 Julia : Previously on helix ... Why did peter attack this man ? And why is the pathogen making him stronger ? Doreen : Pending necropsy , I believe we may have found the source of the contagion . Sarah : This mutation only occurs in a fraction of the samples . It 's minimal , but it 's statistically relevant . But what 's it doing to him ? Open the door . No . ( groaning ) Come on ! Now ! People have to know what 's going on up here ! ( stabbing ) ( gasps ) Peter . ( water dripping ) ( gasping ) It 's all right . Alan ? It 's all right . Relax . ( grunting ) ( breathing heavily ) What happened ? You tell me . I found you here passed out . What do you remember ? Uh , I was , uh ... I ... I was , uh , taking a shower . Decontamination procedures . And ... And ... ( growling ) Uh ... Um ... I , uh ... I ... Jules . I just felt lightheaded . I don 't remember ... I don 't remember what happened next . I guess I , um ... I didn 't realize how exhausted I am . Well , we 've ... All been pushing really hard . You need to get a few hours ' sleep . Yeah . I need you 100 % for this one . Okay , good idea . I 'll walk you back to your quarters . With peter roaming around out there , it 's not safe to go alone . I 'll give you a moment . ( metallic clattering nearby ) ( metallic clattering ) ( squishy sound ) Hello ? Anybody in here ? ( squishy sound ) ( gasping ) ( grunting ) ( softly ) help ! Help ... Me . ( growling ) ( theme music playing ) ( breathing heavily ) Doreen : Please report to me immediately if you see any skin lesions , Flu-like symptoms , or black mucus discharge . Should we not be taking antivirals ? Like ... Oseltamivir ? That 's for h1n1 influenza . We 've ruled that out as a cause of infection . What is it then ? ( all exclaiming ) It 's all right . Taking the wrong meds can do more harm than no meds at all . We 're working around the clock on a treatment , And when we find it , we 'll attack the virus aggressively . ( people murmuring ) Now , they are scared , I get that . But sometimes I just want to yell at ' em , you know ? We 're not the enemy here . Security teams are doing constant sweeps . Still no sign of our three escapees or peter farragut . And another attack has been reported on level g . Two more possibly infected . They 're being moved to isolation . ( sighing ) We 've been in lockdown for 32 hours . People are panicking . If something doesn 't change , We risk losing control of the base . Where is julia walker ? I ... I 'm not sure . Do you want to speak to her ? That won 't be necessary . ( metal rattling ) Dr. Farragut . What are you doing ? Getting my brother into containment . Why didn 't you inform us ? Because I presumed the man you had following me would tip you off . Alan : I want a full workup . Lft , cbc with differential coags , Viral screen , and all available antigen-antibody assays . My security teams couldn 't wrangle him . How did you manage it ? He turned himself in . Hatake : What is peter 's status ? Stable for now . I meant the status of his sedation . We don 't want another security incident . That 's unlikely . As unlikely as cutting off a man 's hand to access his rfid chip ? Peter gave himself up , no fight , no struggle . Why would he do that if he were planning to escape ? That 's what we thought the last time we put him in isolation . He appears to be controllable on morphine . I 've hooked him up to a pain pump . He shouldn 't be a danger to anyone . I 'm not willing to take that chance . Neither am I. Is there somewhere more secure we can hold him ? This floor was phase one of arctic biosystems . As the company grew , so did the facility . Level r contains our early labs and living quarters , Along with maintenance for the entire base . The co2 oxygen scrubbers , The heating systems , equipment storage , Though most of the lab work has moved upstairs . ( woman over pa ) Now we use this level for sensitive and hazardous research . One of the empty labs should provide the security you 're looking for . The ventilation system in this room Is separate from the rest of the facility . The walls are concrete , three feet thick , And the door is double-plated steel . Nothing is getting in or out . What kind of research were you conducting with nuclear reactors ? I spent time at sandia labs . The burn patterns on these walls are virtually identical . Controlled fusion , a project we abandoned . When was the last radiation screen down here ? Daniel : We test every six months , And the lab has been empty for about five years . So it 's safe ? Perfectly . More than qualified to be an isolation unit for peter . For everyone else as well . There are empty rooms on this level , plenty of space , And this secure lab allows us To separate vectors from those who are just infected . Vectors ? It 's what we 're calling the infected who are Physically attacking others to spread the disease , like peter . I think we can achieve full containment down here . Well , what are you saying ? I 'm saying we turn level r into an isolation floor . ( water dripping ) ( breathing hard ) ( gasping ) ( groaning ) ( yelling ) ( choking ) ( breathing hard ) Get it together , jules . You don 't ... Get ... Sick . ( woman announcing over pa ) All right , we have 18 sick in isolation , including peter . With three on the loose and two presumed infected , that 's 23 . That we know of . I want to move them all down to level r . I 'll need medical equipment . Turn one of the labs into a triage unit . I 'll need food , water , bedding , for 40 patients . This thing will get bigger before we achieve full containment . I think we can accommodate that . Help me . Help me . Hatake : Stay where you are . I 'm sorry I ran . They made me do it . We can help . They made me ! You need to stop . Believe me . They made me ... ( gunshot ) ( gasping ) Bring a gurney . And find dr . Chaplin . No ! There 's no time . She 's going into shock . Find me a scalpel and something to pack into the wound . ( sulemani grunting ) Stay with me now . You 'll be okay . Hurry up ! All right , I feel the bullet . Here , pinch off this vein . Pinch off this vein ! Yes . More pressure . Right there . I have it , I have it . Good . ( groaning ) You 're gonna be fine now . She should be stable enough to move . We take her down to the fusion lab . Thanks to your quick thinking . My quick thinking shouldn 't have been necessary in the first place . All right . Come on . ( shouting ) come on ! She was unarmed and asking for our help . I was only trying to protect dr . Hatake . She wasn 't threatening him , she was scared . The situation was escalating . It didn 't escalate until you panicked And almost murdered an infected patient ! I set the rules on this base . There are no countries here , no laws . Dr. Sulemani 's life is my responsibility , not daniel 's . As senior scientist on this case , Every patient 's life is my responsibility . You tell your security people That this is the last time lethal force is to be used on one of my patients ! I can 't guarantee that . You tell them ! Or I 'll pull my team , And we can do this again in six months ' time as a postmortem ! ( machines beeping ) What did you do to me , peter ? What did you do ? ( muttering inc0herently ) ( knocking on glass ) ( gasps ) Alan : We seal off the stairwells , Use the elevator for an airlock , And once we control access to the floor , We should have a viable isolation unit . So , healthy people come upstairs , sick people go down . It might work . But if people aren 't showing symptoms yet , How do we know who 's infected ? We 'll need a test , something that we can administer quickly . A rapid-response test would be the fastest . But first we need to synthesize a pure sample of the virus . Both viruses . What about those vials you found in peter 's lab ? Neither narvik-a nor b show up as a pathogen in any existing database . Narvik-b is the strain that created the vectors in the rat population , right ? How long to synthesize a test based on that variant ? Eight hours at least for something functional . Well , you have four . Work with jordan . Tell me more about this infected monkey . I think the virus inside the monkey is the key . I 'm sequencing the full genome now . If we can prove that the infection passed from monkey to human ... It gets us one step closer to the original strain . And the best shot we have at a vaccine . All right , get started on it . I 'll go with her , can 't be too careful right now . Thanks , but I can take care of myself . Doreen , take him with you . All right , everybody , the com link window Goes live in six hours and 42 minutes . If we have this data to upload to atlanta , We might just get on top of this thing . Let 's get to work . Alan : And 20 bags ... Make that 30 bags of saline drip . Daniel : Our base doctor 's seen dr . Sulemani . She 's gonna make it . Well , have him keep her on a propofol infusion . I didn 't panic with sulemani . She was infected with a lethal virus and coming at dr . Hatake . I assessed the options and I pulled the trigger . We shoot everyone who 's infected ? Is that it ? Eliminate the threat ? If necessary . And those who might be infected ? Do we kill them too ? The only reason you didn 't fire that shot Is because the gun wasn 't in your hands . ( woman over pa ) Another false positive . Me too . I 've gone through all of the atypical enzymes . You started with atypicals ? Their catalyzation rate is too low . I read a study that linked the use of atypical enzymes To certain viral antibodies . You have to start wide and narrow down . That 's why I assigned you ec-1 enzymes ... Ec-1 catalyzes with everything , which tells us nothing , And we don 't have time to go through a thousand different enzymes . If we 're gonna come up with a test in less than three hours ... Sarah . What ? What 's wrong with your hand ? Are you okay ? Are you feeling any symptoms ? I 've been up for three days straight . I 'm probably just exhausted . We 're out of peter 's blood serum . I should go get some more samples . No , I 'll do it . If you find the virus did come from the monkeys , Will that help you figure out a cure ? " curing " a virus is a relative term . We need a treatment to help the infected folks get better , And a vaccine to prevent anyone else from getting infected . That sick monkey is just the first step down a long road ... Doreen : Where the hell is my monkey ? What 's that smell ? Formaldehyde . Whoever did this wanted to kill any living organism left behind . They didn 't want me analyzing the samples from that monkey . It reeks . Reeks all right . Reeks of hatake . What are you gonna do ? Walk into his office and demand answers ? Why not ? Because you know how that conversation 's gonna go . He 's gonna say it was biosafety protocol , or scheduled maintenance . I knew this full-bird colonel , just like hatake . Real stickler . You had to find creative ways to get things done . What 'd you have in mind ? What if I could get you another monkey sample ? ( monitor beeping ) ( sighs ) ( chuckles ) What are you doing here ? Three days ago , we were moving on with our lives , And now this ? Seeing you , it all comes flooding back . How unhappy I was with alan , How I couldn 't even recognize Who I was with him anymore . But instead of acknowledging it , I didn 't say anything , I just ... Swallowed it , all of it , Until it filled me up , and I was drowning in it . And then you . ( exhaling ) I thought I could handle this . Doreen : Never seen anything like this . Look at their faces ! Balleseros : I know . It 's pretty damn scary . No , not scary , scared . These monkeys were running for their lives . Running from what ? How 'd you find this place , anyway ? I was just checking the stability of the icepack around the base . Horseshit . Who the hell are you ? I 'm just an army engineer , like I said . You want to work together ? I got no problem with that . But you have got to start telling me the truth . I am ! Ha . There are people in the army , Myself included , who are wondering If this outbreak was an accident . You think hatake did this on purpose ? Why would he do that ? Why don 't you come help me find out ? ( monitor beeping ) I want 24-hour guards on this door until we get full containment . Base one , go ahead . ( radio chatter ) They found one of the escapees on this level . ( door opens ) What are you so happy about ? Nothing . I just cracked the test . You figured it out ? Which enzyme catalyzed ? None of them . After you left , I remembered another study . It utilizes the body 's natural way of detecting foreign pathogens . White blood cells , yes . Get to the point . So it modified the white blood cells with genes From a crystal jellyfish , aequorea victoria , To create a rapid-response test . The jellyfish genes produce a fluorescent green protein . You replicated this ? I swabbed three security techs for control samples . All clear . Then I ran the test on known infectees , Peter , dr . Tracey , and dr . Deklerk . All green , positive for infection . Show me again . Use yourself as a control . Why does that matter ? Look , if you want to see it in action , I can take a swab from you right now . Okay . Test me . I don 't know why we 're wasting our time with this . We need to tell alan . ( loud banging ) Come on , duchamp ! I know you 're in there ! Don 't come any closer . Put it down . Put it down . We 're going to help you . Oh , just like you took care of dr . Sulemani , huh ? What happened to dr . Sulemani ... You want us all to die ! ... Was a terrible mistake , all right ? We don 't want to hurt you , but you have to come to isolation . I 'm not going there ! I 'm not even infected ! ( coughing ) Or at least I wasn 't until you threw me in with the rest of them ! Let me help you . I want the cure ! We don 't have a cure . Bullshit ! The sodra 's in there . You 're keeping it from us , and I 'm not gonna let you ! ( stun baton zapping ) Put him in the fusion lab with sulemani . ( knocking ) This is alan farragut of the cdc . Everybody all right in there ? Thank god you 're here . They almost got in . What 's your name ? Philippe duchamp . What was he saying about you having a cure ? This is ridiculous . There is no cure . ( panel scanning ) Adding growth factors . So the cells will build a critical mass For the genome sequencing . And we stick it in the incubator and wait . So , do the same thing I 've been doing for the last hour . Mmm . Is that supposed to happen ? ( gas hissing ) ( alarm blaring ) Balleseros : So , when you said you were growing the virus ... It wasn 't supposed to grow like that . You mean like it was alive ? Viruses aren 't living organisms . They lack any form of energy or carbon metabolism . Why did it hulk out ? ( sighs ) that 's what we 're gonna find out . Maybe alan 'll know why it reacted so violently to the growth factor . Wait . Don 't . Don 't what ? Don 't tell anyone . If hatake gets wind of this , it 'll be the monkey room all over again . I still don 't trust you , But when you 're right , you 're right . Dr. Bryce said duchamp was working on a ... A cure . Something called sodra . I can 't discuss that . The research is proprietary . No ! No more secrets ! You promised me transparency . When the satellite comes online , I 'll speak with my board of directors . You will tell me everything I need to know , Or when that satellite comes online , I 'll tell every major news organization on earth what 's happening in this base . You think you 're afraid of the us military ? Wait till you have to keep your secrets from the new york post . Sodra is an antiviral treatment With an astonishing cure rate . Nearly 100 % . When you say cure , You mean total viral elimination ? With no harm to host cells ? Yes . How many viruses have you tested against ? How wide a range ? All of them . H1n1 ? Hepatitis ? Hiv ? Hell , smallpox is a virus . There are only two places on earth that have smallpox , The cdc , and vector institute in russia . Actually , there are three . You have been growing lethal viruses For the purpose of developing a cure-all . Sodra works . In all animal test cases , the viruses were killed . The only problem is the mortality rate . How many subjects were killed ? Over 75 % . Which is why sodra is not an option . Level r has been sealed . We 'll take everyone downstairs , go person to person . Anyone who 's infected stays below , everyone else comes back up . A hundred and forty tests ready to go . You two did good work . If I call your name , Please step over here , take a face shield From dr . Jordan , and then come stand over here . Doctors alvarez , Mihalovich , Hassan . Security tech terry . Dr. Sun-lee . Security tech gruning . Those of you whose names I have called , you 'll follow me . The rest of you will stay with dr . Jordan and dr . Walker . Wait ! Why are they getting to go back upstairs ? Because they tested negative for the virus . ( people mumbling ) Please find any empty cot . Make yourselves at home . Dr. Walker and dr . Jordan will be coming around To collect your medical information . Go ahead . That 's the last group . Daniel : How many ? Forty-three infected . That 's almost a third of the base . I want to bring drs . Bryce and sulemani down here . Shouldn 't they stay locked up in the fusion lab ? They already tried to escape once . This floor is secure . There 's no way out . Excuse me . Isolating this level was a good idea . People are settling in . Yeah , but they 're scared . I think a lot of them believed they weren 't sick . Part of them knew . They just didn 't want to believe it . I took peter 's vitals again . He 's all over the place . I 'm sending his lab work to the cdc as soon as the satellite window opens . Get some more heads in the game When finding a safe treatment and a vaccine . That may be too late for him . Open the door . Let 's get these people into the isolation barracks . ( sulemani grunting ) ( sulemani roaring ) ( stun gun zapping ) ( growling ) ( sniffles ) Almost done with the samples ? I was just about to bring them upstairs . ( clattering ) What 's wrong ? No , I 'm fine . I just slipped . Are you infected , sarah ? What ? You were in the drug stockroom with peter . Did he attack you ? No . I told you . He ran off . That 's right , you told us . You think I would lie about something like that ? Your symptoms . You tried to hide your hand tremor this morning , And you wouldn 't use yourself as a control sample for the rapid-response test . You want me to take the test ? Fine . I 'm not judging . I can understand ... I would never risk spreading an infectious disease . That 's completely unethical . What kind of a doctor do you think I am ? It 's clear . Happy ? I 'm sorry . I just thought ... Where 's alan ? Checking the triage room . Why ? We have a problem . Dr. Sulemani broke out of the fusion lab . She killed dr . Bryce . What ? Dr. Sulemani is on this level ? She 's killing people ! ( panicked screams ) Guard : Stop ! Remain calm ! ( people shouting ) Calm down , everybody ! Calm down ! Relax , get back ! Back ! Everyone remain calm ! Sarah ! Alan ! What 's going on ? Where 's julia ? Get back ! ( growling ) Julia ! ( growling ) ( yelling in fear ) get back ! Back , now ! Out of the hallway ! Get out of the hallway ! Get out of the hallway ! ( heartbeat pounding ) ( gunshot ) ( gasps ) We need to get in the elevator . Get upstairs . I can 't . We 'll regroup , get medical supplies for the injured ... I have to stay down here . It 's too dangerous . We have to go . Alan , I can 't . What happened ? Where is dr . Walker ? She 's staying down there . How could you risk leaving her ? Dr. Farragut . Alan ! She 's infected . She has the virus . We need to seal off level r . It 's the only way to stop the contagion . Leave them down there ? With no food or water ? There 's a week 's worth of supplies . He 's right . We 've ... I have lost control of this situation . We need to seal it off . How can you say that with dr . Walker still down there ? It 's only until help arrives . When the satellite com link goes operative again , I 'm calling in the army for backup . ( sniffles ) Two hundred and seventy-four . Three nurses in kikwit of ebola , Family of six in sudan , lassa fever , 10 students in a heidelberg dorm , legionnaires ' disease . We 've all had people die on our watch , alan . It 's part of the job . We save who we can . I could live with 274 because it was the disease that killed them , Not me , until now . I not only killed someone with my own hands today , But it 's very likely ... Julia is very likely ... Way I hear it , you didn 't have much of a choice . What we 're dealing with here , none of us has ever seen . You 're still the best cdc has . I 've seen you pull off miracles . You 'll figure out a way to save ' em both . What happened with the monkey ? It 's inconclusive for now . That 's too bad . I 'm , uh ... I 'm still doing tests . ( beeping ) No . No . No , they should be green , they should all be green ! It doesn 't work . It doesn 't work ! ( ringing ) Observation . Doreen , where 's alan ? Jules ? Hello ? ( rumbling ) Alan ? Jules ? You there ? Jules ? Hello ? Can anybody hear me ? ( banging on door ) The test doesn 't work ! It doesn 't work !
