 narrator : there are global phenomena that science cannot explain - - true stories that defy rational explanation . in the heavily trafficked skies of mexico city , a pilot encounters a trio of unidentified crafts . first , they take control of his plane then ram it head-on . can he warn those on the ground of impending danger , or will he crash trying ? de los santos : mayday ! mayday ! mayday ! narrator : in the united states , a man mysteriously burns to a cinder ... this fire originated and stopped at the body . ... while others suddenly find themselves engulfed in flame . the doctor said this burned from the inside out . narrator : a series of careless mishaps ? or is there a culprit deep within the human body , a ticking time bomb ready to explode ? if you let a spark off , it can almost explode in your face . i have no doubt that in the future this could happen again . narrator : new investigations question unexplained happenings and otherworldly events . woman : what is th- - oh , man ! it 's hovering ! it 's not an aircraft ! narrator : firsthand testimony and fresh evidence build new possibilities . man : never seen anything like that in my life . and it just disappeared into thin air . it wasn 't from this planet . my arms were just on fire . narrator : rethink everything you think you know . captions paid for by discovery communications mexico city . almost 9 million people call this place home , and every day , more than 100,000 planes take off and land . but few flights have been as unforgettable and as mysterious as that of pilot carlos de los santos . his dramatic encounter has baffled aviation experts for over a quarter-century . what did carlos see that day that almost caused him to crash ? did a trio of alien crafts take control of his plane for 18 terrifying minutes ? it 's a ... very special experience for me . man : yes , i 'm sure . i 'm sure it is . may 3 , 1975 . pilot carlos de los santos has just flown a group of engineers to a tiny city along the pacific coast . before taking off on his return flight back , he safety-checks his piper comanche plane . [ engine turns over ] the first 40 miles unfold without incident . interpreter : the weather conditions were very good . the plane was in perfect condition . narrator : but as carlos cruises over the clouds , an uneasy feeling envelops him . is he being watched ? interpreter : everything was normal , but i felt i was being observed , so i turned . i discovered that on the top of the wing , there was an object heading towards me . i thought to myself , quot ; dear lord , what is this i 'm seeing ? it 's right there.quot ; in a matter of three to four seconds , i experienced the exact same feeling i had on the left side now on my right side . it was a second object . now i 'm getting really nervous . narrator : according to carlos , two gray objects , each about 13 feet in diameter with a small cockpit or windshield , are flanking his aircraft . interpreter : quot ; what on earth is this ? quot ; narrator : four seconds later , a third object appears in front of the plane , heading straight for carlos . interpreter : now i 'm really scared that it was going to hit the airplane . i attempted to dodge it by pushing the control wheel forward . narrator : but the control wheel won 't engage . carlos is terrified . who or what is overriding his plane ? at that moment , i had lost all control over the aircraft . the third object managed to avoid the propeller and disappeared beneath the cockpit . i heard a terrifying blow . narrator : the object seems to hit the underside of his plane , but carlos is unable to check for damage . the aircraft is now completely out of control . interpreter : i had no idea what was going on . three objects were flying around me . at that point , i was terrified . i needed to call for help . narrator : carlos makes an emergency call to mexico city airport . this is the actual recording of that call , the first time it has ever been broadcast on american television . interpreter : i was absolutely terrified . but more importantly , i had absolutely no control over the aircraft . three ufos are surrounding the plane . interpreter : i 'd never received a call like that . we heard a mayday emergency call . the voice was very stressed and almost shouting . we were all concerned . the call unnerved us all . narrator : before carlos can fully explain his situation , the plane starts to dramatically change course . interpreter : all of a sudden , the airplane started to ascend without my input . narrator : carlos can do nothing but watch in horror as the altitude meter rises ever higher . interpreter : 10,100 . 10,200 . 10,300 . 10,400 . 10,500 . who knows where to ? who is it ? who is coming ? who are they ? what do they want ? narrator : the plane creeps past 15,000 feet . carlos is in trouble . his small plane could easily stall . interpreter : i was only around 20 years old at the time . at the time , i was thinking about myself , my parents , and family . i was in an awful state . i was a nervous wreck . that 's a pilot 's worst nightmare . narrator : but just as carlos thinks the plane is about to fall out of the sky , the strange objects fly off as quickly as they arrived . interpreter : i tried to turn and realized i had regained control of the aircraft . narrator : carlos immediately starts to lower his altitude and heads toward the haze of mexico city on the horizon . interpreter : i was worried the objects would come back . i tried to descend as fast as possible . i was eager to land . narrator : but carlos ' ordeal is far from over . the cockpit lights indicate that the landing gear cannot be locked . interpreter : when the third object had struck the bottom of the fuselage , it may have damaged the landing gear . narrator : carlos now has no choice but to keep descending and prepare for a crash landing . narrator : in the skies over mexico city , terrified pilot carlos de los santos finds himself surrounded by three unidentified flying objects . after apparently taking control of his plane , they suddenly fly off . carlos regains control of his aircraft but , crucially , not the landing gear . interpreter : the third object hit the bottom of the plane . the landing gear was damaged . the three green l.e.d. lights were flickering , which indicated the landing gear had been deployed . however , this didn 't mean it was secure . narrator : the control tower prepares for a crash landing . interpreter : they were very concerned because there 's always the risk that if you land without the landing gear deployed properly , it may cause a spark that would ignite the fuel tank and blow up the plane . narrator : air-traffic controllers cannot risk injuring others , so they take drastic measures . mexico 's busiest airport must be shut down immediately . interpreter : i was desperate by then . narrator : carlos is instructed to land as safely as he can , so he chooses a grass strip between the runways away from other traffic . interpreter : my only concern was to land safely . i was crying . narrator : but for reasons that remain a mystery , the landing gear suddenly starts to work again . interpreter : i opened the door , left the engine on , and rushed off the plane . the plane is okay. you are okay . everything is okay . narrator : once carlos ' story about the three ufos makes it way into the news , he is taken to the airport 's aviation services center for assessment . interpreter : we arrived at the aviation services . they started questioning me . quot ; what happened ? quot ; how am i feeling ? [ monitor beeping ] they thought i might have been drunk , drugged , or starving . [ inhales deeply ] narrator : conducting the examination is dr. luis amezcua . interpreter : we did a complete checkup , as was usual with pilots . we did an audio test , checked his vision , cardiogram . narrator : blood tests reveal that carlos is not under the influence of alcohol or drugs . one of the conditions that could explain what carlos saw is oxygen deficiency . this leaves no trace . clinically referred to as hypoxia , symptoms can include hallucinations . hypoxia can be caused by high altitudes . did the rapid ascent cause carlos to see things ? interpreter : there are four stages to hypoxia . the first one presents itself up to 10,000 feet . at this stage , the healthy individual will feel no symptoms . the second stage occurs between 12,000 and 15,000 feet . that 's when the body starts to become aware of the lack of oxygen . breathing becomes faster , and hyperventilation begins . narrator : but carlos claims he first saw the objects before the climb , at 10,000 feet , well below the altitude that would trigger hallucinations . carlos ' medical examinations rule out drugs and alcohol , and hallucinations were unlikely . dr. richard haines was a research scientist at nasa for 20 years and is now chief scientist at narcap , the national aviation reporting center for anomalous phenomena . dr. haines soon discovers that carlos is not the only eyewitness to the day 's strange events . julio diaz had his eyes fixed on the radar screen during his conversation with carlos . interpreter : in 26 years of work , i 've never had another experience like this . to this day , it was a unique experience that i cannot explain . narrator : what julio sees deepens the mystery around carlos ' encounter in the skies over mexico city . there was no doubt there was another object flying in that area . narrator : pilot carlos de los santos claims he encounters three mysterious flying objects as he flies a small plane to mexico city . but without evidence , it 's easy to dismiss his story as the imaginings of an overstressed aviator . julio diaz was the air-traffic controller on duty that day . until now , he has refused to speak publicly of what he witnessed that day . interpreter : i was sitting at the radar terminal when the pilot radioed . he was located 48 miles south of mexico city airport , and he said he had been surrounded by some unidentified objects . when the plane was about 15 miles from mexico city airport , we saw another blip right next to the plane . there was no doubt there was another object flying in that area . narrator : no other airplanes are registered as being in carlos ' flight path . diaz and the air-traffic controllers reach the same conclusion - - carlos is telling the truth . interpreter : we figured it was the ufos that were being reported . we all began to think of the possibility it was true . this is important testimony . and , to me , it 's particularly important because it 's confirmation of a physical nature . it 's radar confirmation . and so it provides independent support for carlos ' story . narrator : but just because it 's not registered doesn 't mean it 's from another world . could it be a military plane flying under a veil of secrecy ? while it 's possible , julio dismisses this theory based on the curious way the craft moves . interpreter : what really got our attention and concerned us even more was that it made a sharp 270-degree left turn in a radius of only 3 to 4 miles . narrator : this is an exceptional maneuver for any aircraft and one that no known commercial plane of the time could accomplish . interpreter : something that 's never been seen before by me or my colleagues . narrator : haines is not yet willing to dismiss the idea that the crafts are of human origin . he visits carlos to get more information . well , we 're faced with a real mystery here . what could these three objects have been ? and it 's been suggested they might be unmanned aerial vehicles . sometimes they 're called drones . this sketch that you made in 1975 shows me a long oval , yes ? narrator : investigators always have to consider experimental military aircraft before categorizing something as truly unidentified . a significant percentage of these things are actually classified military aircraft . for example , the u.s. stealth bomber - - if you 'd seen this large , black , triangular-shaped aircraft before people knew about the stealth bomber , you might think , quot ; wow. i 've seen a ufo.quot ; narrator : from carlos ' eyewitness account and the objects ' unique agility , dr. haines is forced to come to a controversial conclusion . the objects carlos encountered are not man-made . we didn 't have drones in 1975 that had that kind of capability of very high-speed , controlled turns , and the navigation and guidance required to maintain a close position near another airplane in flight . that takes very high computational power . narrator : there are thousands of similar reports . curiously , many of them come from latin america . one contentious theory attempts to explain this , and the clue comes from carlos ' testimony . he stated that the objects flew off toward mount popocatépetl , an active volcano southeast of the city . in recent years , this mountain has developed a colorful reputation . ufo enthusiasts carlos guzman and alfonso salazar have noted strange sightings near this volcano for over 20 years . on march 12 , 2013 , ufo watchers capture on video a mysterious object coming out of it . guzman and salazar believe aliens use the electromagnetic forces on our planet to power their spaceships . interpreter : it stands to reason that these ufos would tend to go for volcanoes , where a lot of electromagnetic activity exists . the two men also assert that many south american governments are actively collecting data on ufo sightings along the andes . the brazilian ufologist a.j. gevaerd believes this information is deliberately hidden . many of the governments have been aware of the ufo phenomena for decades and have been investigating during this time . all governments in the world are hiding information , something that we cannot explain to the society or , worse , that we cannot control . it 's better to say that it doesn 't exist . narrator : can there be any truth to a multinational cover-up ? according to carlos , the answer is quot ; yes.quot ; interpreter : two weeks after my experience , i was overtaken by a black car . it forced me to stop . [ tires screech ] two people got out from the car . they were dressed in black . one of them came up and said to me , in a robotic voice , quot ; stop talking about this . don 't say anymore.quot ; i got scared . i didn 't say a word . they went back to their cars and left . [ tires screech ] i was scared for my family . i didn 't want to have anymore to do with it . narrator : carlos was so terrified by these threats that he didn 't talk about his experience for over 30 years . so , what did happen to him in the air that day in may 1975 ? doctors discounted various medical conditions , and a hoax has been ruled out by many . [ monitor beeping ] i don 't believe what carlos saw was a hoax . i don 't believe it was a hallucination . and i don 't believe it was a drone . narrator : radar sightings back up carlos ' claim that there was something hovering near his aircraft . diaz 's interpreter : something like it has never been seen before by my colleagues or myself . haines : so , what does that leave us with ? an unexplained phenomenon . interpreter : after all these years , without a doubt , i do believe that there were unidentified flying objects . interpreter : there is a lot of evidence now that we are not alone in our solar system and the universe . in a way , it would be selfish of us to think that we are alone , that we are the only ones , and that we are the only intelligent life in the universe . narrator : 1,400 miles away , an alarming death startles investigators ... there was nothing burnt around the body . narrator : ... while another man lives to tell a similar tale . baker : the doctor was completely baffled , and he said , quot ; this burned from the inside out.quot ; narrator : can science find the cause before it happens again ? in the american midwest , a man dies in a flash fire . on average , eight people burn to death in the u.s. every day , so the situation is not unusual ... except for one mysterious detail . why is he completely reduced to ash , but everything around him remains untouched ? investigators rule out homicide today after a bizarre death in sequoyah county . investigators say other parts of the house didn 't have fire damage , and there were no signs of struggle . it 's very unusual , and it 's bizarre , and i can 't explain it . narrator : the fire is ruled a mystery , and the official investigation ends . but locals are not ready to close the books on this curious case . they invite paranormal investigator larry arnold to come to sequoyah county . arnold leads an organization called parascience international and has published books and articles on spontaneous human combustion . can he uncover the answer ? we 're eager to learn more about this case because it sounds very fascinating , very mysterious , and presently quite unexplained . narrator : after a mysterious fire , paranormal investigator larry arnold is questioning witnesses . he begins by interviewing the local sheriff , ron lockhart . lockhart has investigated arson cases for over 20 years . but he 's never seen anything like this . lockhart : it was obvious that something bizarre had happened here . that was a very unusual fire scene . normally , you find burned bodies in a house that 's basically burned down on top of them . and normally , they 're not as damaged as bad as this body was damaged . rick russell is the local fire chief . he , too , is baffled . i arrived on scene at 10 : 51 a.m. i noticed when i pulled up we only had a slight amount of smoke coming from the residence , no flame . [ camera shutter clicking ] the thing that really surprised me was the - - there was nothing burnt around the body . the refrigerator just inches form the body , plastic handle on the refrigerator door - - no melting . plastic handle on the cooking range - - no melting . trash bag laying just inches from the body - - it wasn 't wrinkled from heat . this fire originated and stopped at the body . [ camera shutter clicking ] narrator : from the evidence at the scene , it appears that it was the body alone that was on fire . russell concludes there was no external source , such as an explosion caused by gasoline . i would rule against a flashover type because i think we would have had more evidence of burning . the ceiling area , even the stove and the refrigerator should have shown signs if we had an explosion-type fire . everyone who attends the scene is mystified . how did this man die so brutally when everything else is intact ? larry arnold believes it has the hallmarks of a highly debatable phenomenon - - spontaneous human combustion . it 's an extraordinary phenomenon . it 's extremely difficult to investigate . lockhart : it was bizarre because everything that was mentioned , as far as the explanation and the characteristic of spontaneous human combustion , you know , we can 't rule that out . narrator : the phenomenon has mystified and divided opinion for over 300 years . so , is it based on science or legend ? since the first recorded case in 1641 , over 200 incidents have been reported around the world from australia to the u.s. in 1986 , a retired firefighter mysteriously burned to death in his own apartment in crown point , new york . in 2011 , an elderly man who burned to death in galway , ireland , made headlines when the coroner gave a verdict of spontaneous human combustion , also known as quot ; shc.quot ; yet many dispute that it 's a real phenomenon at all . science investigator joe nickell is skeptical . in 1984 , he undertook a two-year research project studying 30 historical cases of alleged shc . science cannot find any mechanism by which the human body can burst into flame . and all such scenarios that attempt to explain how the body could combust are just so much science fiction and pseudoscience and nonsense . narrator : investigator larry arnold disagrees . he thinks spontaneous human combustion is a genuine anomaly that needs further study . it 's easy for academicians to generally dismiss shc because it belies common sense . the body is 70 % to 80 % water . it 's like trying to ignite a swimming pool . that 's where the mystery , that 's where the unexplained nature of these fires comes into play . narrator : but could the answer be hidden deep within our own bodies ? is there some trigger inside our fat cells that can spark at any time and reduce us to ash ? [ sirens wail ] narrator : in a typical house fire , the cause of ignition is easily identifiable , and the remains of a human body are recognizable . except in severe cases , the internal organs and the skeleton tend to be intact . but the fatality larry arnold is investigating looks very different . here , the body has burned to a cinder , yet the surroundings are virtually untouched . one possible explanation is called the wick effect , and there 's nothing spontaneous about it . could this be what killed the man in oklahoma ? arnold arranges a test to find out . arnold : what we 're going to do in this burn chamber today is attempt to replicate or duplicate the wick effect , which is what naysayers of spontaneous human combustion cases say is the explanation for wholly immolated human beings . narrator : according to the wick effect , the fat content of the human body fuels the fatal fire . a 168-pound male has around 30 pounds of fat . when burned , this fat releases around 105,000 calories of energy , equal to three gallons of gasoline . this is enough to engulf an average car , but can it burn a body ? larry uses a hunk of fatty meat to replicate the event . arnold : we have a ham shank here , containing bone fragment . pig does burn very similar to human flesh , so it 's an appropriate stand-in . we 're going to wrap it in cloth . narrator : at least 2,000 degrees fahrenheit is required to reduce a body to ash . at regular intervals , larry measures the temperature . yep , we 're already at 437 degrees and climbing . narrator : after 15 minutes , the cloth is charred black , and the burning has stopped . but what about the meat ? arnold : the meat hasn 't even been singed , let alone charred to dry powder . the wick effect does not work to explain whole-body human immolations . the highest temperature we measured here was just under 700 degrees fahrenheit at the height of combustion . in a crematorium , by comparison , the cadaver is exposed to temperatures of about 2,400 degrees fahrenheit for an hour and a half to two hours . narrator : larry 's test reached a temperature of 518 degrees . to put that in perspective , even a crematorium incinerator burning at 2,400 degrees fahrenheit is unable to reduce a body to ash . after cremation , the bones are ground up before the remains are placed in an urn . arnold : whatever burned the human remains in oklahoma , we submit , cannot be explained by the wick effect . narrator : for arnold , the wick effect doesn 't offer a plausible explanation for these mysterious deaths . and there 's something even more remarkable about this phenomenon . some have actually lived to tell the tale of what happened to them . frank baker is a decorated vietnam war veteran with two purple hearts and a medal for gallantry . but his most terrifying brush with death was not on any battlefield . it was in vermont in june of 1985 . we were getting ready for fishing . we were sitting on the couch the day before the derby . everything was great . pete was sitting next to me . we were having one hell of a time , and all of a sudden - - willey : it was the damnedest thing i 've ever seen . frank was freaking out and making me freak out . [ sighs ] i was in sheer panic . all i could do was try to fight it . i was petrified . i had no idea what was taking place with my body. none . narrator : pete and frank managed to extinguish the flames and get to a doctor . baker : the doctor was completely baffled , and he said , quot ; looking at it , frank , this burned from the inside out.quot ; and he said , quot ; i 've never , ever seen anything like this.quot ; frank was nowhere near any source of heat or flame . i wasn 't smoking . there were no flames around . there was no lights on , no microwaves . all that was coming in was the sun from the far end of the house when this happened . narrator : frank 's story doesn 't end there . it 's happened more than once . baker : we were going fishing . everything was great . and then - - all of a sudden , i started screaming at the top of my lungs . my arms were just on fire . narrator : once more , pete manages to put out the flames and save frank 's life . i ain 't never seen anything in my lifetime such as the things i see that happened to frank . narrator : today , years later , the damage to his skin has largely healed . baker : the scarring has had 15 years to heal , and it just settled back down . narrator : but the psychological scars remain . i have no doubt that in the future or at any time this could happen again . arnold : frank baker appears to fit all the criteria for survival of partial spontaneous human combustion , and he 's had to deal with it . he 's had to come to terms with something that was said to be impossible , something that could not happen . narrator : but recent research undertaken in cambridge , england , might offer new insight into the aberration . professor brian ford is a leading independent researcher in cell biology . he believes he 's identified a substance that could solve the puzzle , something so volatile , it can ignite with just an invisible spark , like the static from a sweater . it will set fire to the bottle , and it can almost explode in your face . narrator : could ford 's theory have finally zeroed in on the cause ? are there chemicals in the human body so dangerous , they act like gasoline waiting for a match ? narrator : for centuries , the terrifying enigma of spontaneous human combustion has baffled researchers across the globe . now , in cambridge , england , professor brian ford has developed a theory that may explain it . ford : i set out to search for a compound in the body that could burst into flame . and although we often overlook the fact , human bodies produce acetone . narrator : acetone , which is generally used as nail-varnish remover , is highly flammable with explosive vapors . ford : all living cells produce acetone , but when you 're ill , the level of acetone can go up . narrator : it 's this rise in acetone levels during illness that professor ford believes can be deadly . acetone behaves a little bit like gasoline does . if you let a spark off where there is the vapor of acetone , it will set fire to the bottle , and it can almost explode in your face . narrator : the smallest spark , invisible to the naked eye , can ignite acetone . for professor ford , this is the key to why the combustion appears spontaneous . we know that things , like a spark from static - - you can even comb your hair and see sparks in the dark . the mystery is , how does the person themselves become flammable ? and of course , if they 've got acetone in their tissues , that might convert a person from being incombustible into being something that burns like a rocket . narrator : professor ford conducts a colorful experiment to test this theory . he begins by making a scale-model human figurine out of pork and dressing it in miniature clothes . it 's then soaked in acetone so that the cells become saturated . so , let 's see . what i believe happens in spontaneous human combustion is that the combination between fat and acetone becomes highly inflammable , and that is why , in a case like this , you see not just that you end up with a barbecued person but that the body is destroyed by the heat energy released from within the victim 's tissues . and that is what makes this into such a tragic , terrifying , appalling way to die . narrator : within half an hour , the model is reduced to ash . but , for larry arnold , the experiment has a fatal flaw . the downside we see with professor ford 's attempts to replicate shc in the laboratory is that he uses a very high concentration of acetone , and we do not believe that a living person could be alive with the amount of acetone in the body that he requires for his experimentation . we just don 't find it attributable to many cases , if not all cases , of shc , certainly not the cases that have been witnessed and survived . narrator : survivor frank baker has no idea of his acetone levels at the time , but he maintains that ill health is not the answer . at the time the incidents took place , my health was in perfect shape . there was nothing , absolutely nothing that could have triggered what happened . the way i see it , it has to be something in our body , whether it 's in our blood stream , whether it 's atoms coming together that maybe shouldn 't . narrator : mainstream science remains wary of embracing instantaneous combustion . too many unanswered questions linger . but for people like baker , that 's no reason to delay research . until science took a hard look at almost anything , it was considered unexplained . baker : these people that are dying - - it 's not happening because they want to die . so , you know , look into it , scientists . have an open mind . this is what we rely on science for - - for facts . they don 't have the facts , then look for them . that 's what you 're there for , to try to help other people .
