 Claire : Previously ... We were in scotland on our second honeymoon . Mrs. Graham : This is a pattern I 've not seen before . The marriage line 's divided . The life line 's forked . Where will we be watching the spectacle ? Frank : There is a place called craigh na dun . There is a local group who used to observe rituals there . ( gunshot ) ( gasping ) You 're not frank . No , madam , I am not . ( gasping ) What 's your name ? Claire beauchamp . Claire : I 'm a nurse . ( jamie grunts ) Thank you , sassenach . Truly . Woman : As much as my rational mind rebelled against the idea , I knew in my heart I was no longer in the 20th century . ( folk music playing ) ( indistinct conversations ) Claire : The last time I was here , Frank and I simply took the car . But after spending two days and nights Jolting along on a horse , I knew I 'd never find my way back , Not unless I convinced these people To help me in some way . Man : Dougal , you 're back early , man . We hadna thought to see ye before the gathering . Aye , well , we 've had some luck , Some good , some bad . Rupert , ye great fat fart , What have you done to my peggy now ? Did I not tell you to tighten her girth ? Let me be , old rat . I been riding all night , and I don 't need you squalling in my ear . Did ye never even look at her hooves ? You canna expect any beast to carry around Something that weighs as much as you , Without taking care of the poor creature 's feet . Like a cow riding a mouse . ( laughs ) Shut yer hole . ( children laughing ) ( woman speaking other language ) Rupert , m 'dear ! How good to see ye ! Oh , my dear . ( laughing ) Mwah ! Ye 'll all be needing breakfast , I reckon . Plenty in the kitchen . Away in , and feed yerselves . ( chuckles ) Murtagh , you look and smell Like a rat that 's been dragged through sheep dung . Gi ' us a kiss , then . Oh , no ! A kiss , then ! ( laughing ) And what do we have here ? Claire beauchamp , Mistress fitzgibbons . Murtagh found her , And dougal said we must bring her along with us , so ... So . Well ... Claire . Come with me . We shall find you something to eat , Something to wear that 's a bit more ... Well , a bit more . Well , what about him ? ( scoffs ) I can fend for myself . No , you 're hurt . He was shot yesterday . I 'll be fine . Claire : No , you won 't . I bandaged his shoulder , But I wasn 't able to clean it or dress it properly . I must tend to it before it gets infected . I mean , inflamed . You know , with , with fever and swelling . Oh , aye . I ken fine what ye mean . But do you mean to say you know what to do for that ? Are ye a charmer , then ? A beaton ? Something like that . Jamie . Ye heard the lady . Ye need tending . This way . Let 's get you out of the rain . Mrs. Fitz : As you asked , Garlic and witch hazel to boil the rags . I also brought you comfrey and cherry bark for the pain . Claire : Perfect . Call out if you need anything else . I will . Thank you , ms . Fitzgibbons . Everybody calls me mrs . Fitz . You may also . The redcoats . Flogged me twice in the space of a week . They 'd have done it twice the same day , I expect , Were they not afraid of killing me . There 's no joy in flogging a dead man . I shouldn 't think anyone would do such a thing for joy . ( scoffs ) well , If randall was not precisely joyous , He was at least very pleased with himself . Clumsy . It 'll have to be boiled again . ( clears throat ) Why were you flogged ? Hmm , well , the first time was escaping fort william . And the second was theft . Or at least , that 's what the charge sheet read . Why were you escaping in the first place ? ( whispers ) they were holding me prisoner . I gathered that . ( chuckles ) Why ? On what charge ? Oh , that . I think it was , um ... Obstruction . Obstruction ? What 's that ? It doesn 't sound like a serious crime . Ah , well , I suppose it 's whatever the english say it is . Aye , it was near to four years ago now . ( metal clanking ) They put a levy on all the land-holders in the county , Sent out small parties of soldiers Collecting food , horses for transport , and suchlike . Aye , it was one day in October , Captain randall came along to our place . My father was away . He 'd gone to a funeral . ( girl screams ) I was up in the fields When I heard shouting . Girl : No ! No , no ! ( screaming ) Jamie : Jenny ! ( grunting ) Jenny , run ! Randall : Consider yourself carefully . I surrender to you , sir . Now , now let my sister be . Your sister ? That 's interesting . ( groans ) Shh . She 's , uh , she 's bonny . I 'll take a closer look . No ! No ! ( grunting ) No ! Bring his head up . He wanted to send a message . This is what you get when you fight back against the english . ( whip cracks ) ( jamie gasps ) ( whip cracks ) ( whip cracks ) ( groans ) Mmm . Ah . You care to see more ? Or would you rather go into the house and offer me better entertainment ? Jamie : Don 't go with him . Even if he slits my throat right before your eyes . So ... She went with him . She thought he 'd kill me , And , ah ... Perhaps she was right . After that , I dinna ken what happened . When I woke up , I was trussed up in the wagon With the chickens , jolting down the road to fort william . I 'm so sorry . That must have been terrible for you . Oh , aye . Chickens are very poor company . ( chuckles ) Mmm . Don 't do that . I 'm going to strap that arm to your side . ( scoffs ) Just hold still . Hmm . You 're a kind woman With a good touch . ( grunts ) ( chuckles ) Your husband is a lucky man . Claire : My husband . What was frank going through ? His wife disappears without a trace , Without a word , without explanation . Fears would prey on him . Perhaps I was abducted . Perhaps I was dead . Claire ? Perhaps , worst of all , I had left him for another man . Mrs. Randall ? Claire ! Mistress . Mrs. Beauchamp , what 's wrong ? I 'm fine . I was just thinking about my husband . Oh . Lass ... Is he not alive ? ( sniffles ) No , actually . He 's not alive . ( sobbing ) Shh . Shh . There , shh . Do not cry . ( sobbing ) no , shh . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to . You need not be scared of me . Nor anyone else here , So long as I 'm with ye . When you 're not with me ? Just never forget that you 're english In a place where that 's not a pretty thing to be . Thank you , I will . Watch yourself . Now , you sleep a bit . You 're worn out . Likely someone will want to speak to you before too long . I suppose you 're right . ( sniffles ) You must get up now ! Come along ! Up with ye ! You slept the whole day . 'tis near 5 : 00 . I 've some hot broth for ye by the fire . Rouse yourself . Thank you . ( clapping ) come along . What kind of corset is that ? Um , it 's a brassiere . It 's from France . Oh . Good and tight . There . Now you 're ready to be taken to himself . ( knocking at door ) ( birds chirping ) Claire : If I was going to survive , I needed to acclimatize myself as quickly as possible . I knew where I was , but when ? From the clothes and weapons alone , I knew it was most likely the 18th century . 1743 . Scotland is definitely part of great britain . I see you 've met some of my friends . Forgive me for helping myself . Some old comrades ... Some new acquaintances Yet to make their secrets known . But all friends nonetheless . I welcome ye , mistress . My name is colum ban campbell mackenzie , Laird of this castle . Please . Claire : 1743 , Decades before the american revolution . England and France are at war again . One of the hanover kings is on the throne . But which one ? It was my understanding That my brother and his men found you In some apparent distress . " apparent ? " I was attacked and nearly raped by one of the soldiers Of king george ii . And other than this , uh , this near rape , You suffered no further molestation ? No . Please extend my gratitude to your brother For his kind escort . I will , of course , need to arrange transport Back to inverness as soon as possible . I 'm sure something can be arranged . But I do myself wish to know How exactly a lady Such as yourself Came to be wandering about in the woods , Dressed in nothing but her shift . It 's interesting . I took a course in withstanding Interrogation as part of officer training , And the basic principle was That you stick to the truth As much as humanly possible , Only altering those details that have to be kept secret . I am a widowed lady from oxfordshire . I was traveling with a manservant To distant relatives in France , And we were set upon by highwaymen . While I managed to escape the bandits , I was forced to abandon my horse and property . While wandering through the woods , I was suddenly attacked by captain jack randall . I believe you know of him . It was during this unpleasant encounter That I was relieved of my clothes . It 's true that captain randall Has a certain reputation . But he is an officer . A gentleman . Hmm . And you 're saying that a man bearing the king 's commission Decided to rape a stray lady traveler He came upon in the woods , For no good reason . Is there ever a good reason for rape , Master mackenzie ? I beg your forgiveness , madam . An unfortunate turn of phrase on my part . Not at all . I believe we were discussing my transport Back to inverness . Aye . A tinker by the name of sean petrie , He will be here Saturday next . He stops at leoch on his way to inverness once a month , And he often has room for one or two passengers . Saturday next ? Forgive me . I 've lost track in all the confusion . Oh , not at all . Five days from now . Meanwhile ... I offer you the hospitality of our humble home . Thank you . Claire : Five days . Five days , and I would be back on the road to inverness , And then back to the stones atop craigh na dun , And hopefully back home . I did know something of this era ... The politics , the people , their dress . Even some of their customs and colloquialisms were familiar . But it was all secondhand knowledge , Acquired from books , museums , paintings . It was like landing on an alien world You 'd only glimpsed through a telescope . ( kids shouting ) Dougal : Aye , lads . Well , two against one , hey ? That 's not fair . How about two against two ? Where you going ? What about you ? One on one , come on , hamish . Show us your moves . Oh , that 's it , good lad . Oh , very good . Oh , very quick . Oh ! Oh , come on . Oh ! Oh , no , no , you wouldna kill an unarmed ... ( imitate groans ) man ! Oh , no ! But he 's not dead ! Ah , I 've got ye ! I 've got ye ! Aah ! Claire : But then you begin to wonder If maybe life on this alien world Is not so different after all . ( indistinct laughter ) ( sighs ) ( indistinct conversations ) ( conversations resume ) Allow me . Thank you . May I present my wife , letitia ? Letitia , mrs . Claire beauchamp , An english lady of oxfordshire . A pleasure to meet ye . The pleasure 's mine . I trust mrs . Fitzgibbons Found you comfortable lodgings ? Very . She 's a wonder . The wonder is how she manages to bake Bannocks such as these with the poor ovens We have in the kitchens . ( chuckles ) Why " beech-ham ? " I beg your pardon ? I was wondering why You call yourself claire " beech-ham . " It 's my name . Aye , but if your family hail from France , Would it not be more properly " bo-cham ? " Well , The ties we have to France are old , But not close . At some point , I suspect an ancestor Decided to adopt the english style . And what part of France do your folk come from , exactly ? The relatives I have are from the north , Near compiegne . Compiegne . I trust mr . Mactavish is feeling better . Mr. Mactavish ? She means young jamie . Letitia : Jamie ? Why ? Whatever is the matter with the lad ? Naught but a scratch , my dear . Where is he , though , dougal ? I sent him to the stables To help old alec with the horses . The stables ? Best place for him under the circumstances . Dinna want him inside the walls . But it 's yours to choose , If you don 't agree with my orders . I reckon he 'll do well enough there . Bring us a bottle of the rhenish . Oh , now , you won 't find this in oxfordshire . Are ye bound for compiegne , then ? Compiegne , uh , yes . ( speaking other language ) It 's a lovely city , wouldn 't you agree ? In truth , I wouldn 't know , Having never been there myself . First visit ? Yes . And will you be staying with family ? Distant family . Never met them ? No . But I look forward to it , though . A joyous occasion , I imagine . One can only hope . Hello . My name is claire . Go on , then . Give her your name . Hamish . Oh , it 's a pleasure to meet you , hamish . I saw you playing earlier today in the courtyard With your father . With my father ? Yes , surely you remember , dougal . ( laughs ) you were swinging him around . I 'm sorry , I ... Appear to have made an error . I 'm the son and heir of colum mackenzie . Indeed you are . ( taps chair ) I 'm afraid the rigors of the past few days Have been catching up with me . If you 'll excuse me , I ... Think I shall retire early tonight . A good night to ye , then ... Mrs. Beech-ham . Claire : Frank would have laughed and said I fell For the oldest trick in the book ... Ply the subject with food and drink , But all the while continuing the interrogation . I would have to be more careful If I were to survive the next five days . ( thunder rumbling ) ( utensils clinking ) ( indistinct conversations ) ( murmurs under breath ) You missed breakfast . Still some porridge . Warm it for ye ? No . I , uh , I was thinking I should change the bandage On mr . Mactavish 's shoulder . Jamie . Where would I find the stables ? Top of the meadow . To the east . ( kids shouting ) ( indistinct conversations ) ( jamie clicks tongue ) ( speaking other language ) ( clicking tongue ) ( speaking other language ) Whoa . ( speaking other language ) ( metal clanks ) ( horse whinnies ) Aye ! I 'm so sorry about that . ( grunts ) ( speaking other language ) She 's just a girl with spirit is all . That 's always a good thing . What can I do for you , mistress beauchamp ? It 's what I can do for you . Some fresh bandages and some lunch . Aye . Quite the appetite . I should think you 'd eat grass if there was nothing else . I have . Doesna taste bad , but it 's not very filling . You 've actually eaten grass ? Mmm-hmm . The winter . Year before last . I was living rough , you know , In the woods wi ' a group of lads , raiding cattle . We 'd had poor luck for a week and more And no food amongst us left . One might ask why you were raiding cattle And living the life of a thief Instead of tending to your own farm . There was a price on my head . 10 pounds sterling . A farmer 's whole year in these parts . Seems excessive for a single escaped prisoner . No , not for escape . For murder . But I didn 't actually kill the man I 'm wanted for . You 're a very complicated man , mr . Mactavish . Nay . Nay , it 's a simple story , really . I told you what happened to me at fort william . Mmm-hmm . I could hardly move for a day or two After I 'd been flogged the second time . And I had fever from the wounds . Once I could stand again , though , some ... Some friends made shift to get me out of the camp By means I 'd best not go into . And there was some ruckus as we left , And a redcoat was shot . Not by you . To tell you the truth , I was too weak to do more than hang onto the horse . Four years ago now . More like an old dream , but ... There it is . I take it your real name 's not mr . Mactavish . No . No , it 's not . A nom de guerre , as it were . ( chuckles ) if you like . You know , it 's valuable information , that . You know , I ... I doubt there are informers in the castle itself , But , you know , there might be some about the countryside be Glad enough to earn a few pennies By letting the english know where I was , Did they know I was a wanted man . Does colum know ? That I 'm an outlaw ? Mmm-hmm . ( chuckles ) Aye , aye , colum knows . And dougal . But they 're uncles on my mother 's side . Now I know . Why did you tell me ? You asked . That 's no answer . You could have lied Or told me it was none of my business . Well , I suppose I could have . Didn 't think of that . Decided to trust ye instead . ( speaking other language ) Are you done stuffing your face while the horses run wild ? And when will that colt be broken ? None the sooner for starving myself ... ( speaking other language ) ( chuckles ) I best be returning to work . Thank you for the food and the , uh ... Just try not to get flogged or stabbed today . That 'll be thanks enough . No promises , sassenach . Are you following me ? You are . Why ? ( scoffs ) You could at least do me the courtesy of an answer . Did colum tell you to follow me ? Nah . Dougal , then ? Ken , for a woman , you do ask a fair amount of questions . So I 've been told . Well , I have nae answers for ye . I am but dougal 's eyes , not his head . But let me warn ye , mistress ... These eyes won 't be turning their gaze from ye Until the head orders me to . Psst . It could be worse . I 'll be sharing guard duty with angus , And you 'll not be finding him as charming as myself . He 's in his cups more than out of them . A fornicator of women And a shagger of wee beasties When there 's no women to be found . So I suggest you enjoy me while you can , Because you 'll be yearning for me when you feel The foul breath of that mad bastard On the back of your neck . ( chuckles ) Lovely . Lucky for you , he prefers female creatures With the tang of the farmyard aboot them . Then I 'll remember to bathe regularly . Aye , he wouldna ken what to make of that . Claire : Well , clearly , you suspect me of something , Or you wouldn 't have people watching me . Perhaps you 'd be so kind as to give me A notion of your suspicions , or is that too much to ... I suspect you may be an english spy . A spy ? Me ? Ye have no told the truth about who and what you are . Of that I 'm sure . And until I am sure of ye , I 'll have you watched day and night . Now you ken my mind . Very well . But I think you 'll find I 'll be doing Very little of interest over the next four days . I do hope your spies give you a full report . Four days ? Yes . I leave with mr . Petrie on Saturday . Forgive me . I would 've thought Your brother would have told you that . Perhaps you don 't " ken " his mind . ( humming ) Claire : For the next few days , I determined to maintain a simple routine , Both to keep my mind occupied while I awaited The tinker 's arrival And to give dougal 's men nothing of the slightest interest To report . ( humming ) Mrs. Fitz put me to work Helping to harvest food for the kitchen . I found a quiet sense of pleasure In touching growing things once more , Felt the satisfaction of helping them thrive . Woman : Those kind are poison . Oh ! ( gasps ) ( laughs ) I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to laugh . ( sighs ) I imagine it was funny From over there . Thanks for the warning , though , But I do know those mushrooms are poisonous . Who is it you 're planning to do away with ? Your husband , perhaps ? Tell me if it works , and I 'll try it on mine . Actually ... Now , while the caps of these mushrooms are poisonous , You can make a powder out of the dried fungi . It 's very effective in stopping bleeding When applied topically . Fancy that . My name is geillis . Geillis duncan . I 'm sorry , I should have introduced myself . My name is ... I know who you are , claire . The village has been humming with talk of ye Since you came to the castle . What is it they 're saying about me ? That you 're likely a sassenach spy . You know , Those will start bleeding To get rid of a child You don 't want . Brings on your flux . But only if you use it early . Too late , and it can kill you As well as the child . The girls in the village come to me every now and again For such things . They say I 'm a witch . Are you ? Hardly . Although I am aware of How wood betony can transform toads into pigeons . ( chuckles ) You should come visit me sometime down in the village . I have a cabinet full of potions and medicinals I wager would tickle yer fancy . But I hope I 'll see you tonight At the hall . The hall ? ( bagpipe music playing ) Claire : After a week 's observation , I diagnosed colum 's condition As toulouse-lautrec syndrome . Named for its most famous sufferer ... Who did not yet exist , I reminded myself . It was a degenerative disease of bone and connective tissue . Lautrec died at age 38 . And given the state of medicine in the 18th century , Colum mackenzie was most certainly Living on borrowed time . ( music stops ) Masters william talbot And fingal duncan , will ye stand forth ? ( speaking other language ) ( softly ) they 're neighbors . Having a dispute over a cow . A cow ? ( speaking other language ) He says ... Well , let me see . It 's all right . I have the feeling something would be lost in translation . Kyle ferguson , step forward and present yourself . ( speaking other language ) They 're fighting over some property . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) ( deep sighs ) ( speaking other language ) Uh-oh . ( softly ) her father accuses her Of loose behavior . ( speaking other language ) Her father wishes the mackenzie to have her Punished for disobedience . ( speaking other language ) ( crowd murmuring ) ( whimpering ) No . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) ( crowd murmuring ) ( speaking other language ) He 's offering to take the girl 's punishment . What ? But he 's still injured . Mmm-hmm . ( speaking other language ) ( whispers ) they 're arguing it now . ( jamie speaking other language ) ( crowd laughing ) ( whispers in other language ) ( speaking other language ) ( crowd murmuring ) He allows it . ( speaking other language ) He chooses fists . Fists ? Rather than the strap . ( quietly ) if ye 'd wanted a beating , I 'd been happy to oblige ye . Aye , but ... You might have done some real damage . Watch yourself , laddie . Your uncle is up to something . ( scoffs ) ( grunts ) ( chuckles ) ( grunts ) ( softly ) how long must this go on for ? Only until blood 's drawn . Usually when their nose is broken . ( grunts ) ( crowd gasps ) This is barbarous . ( crowd murmuring ) ( grunts ) Ahhh . ( grunts ) ( whispers ) claire , stay here . ( gasps ) This way is quicker , and you 'll stir less gossip . Here . Why did you do that ? Take that girl 's punishment ? Do you know her ? Ken who she is . ( grunts ) Haven 't really spoken to her , though . Then why ? It would have shamed the lass To have been beaten in the hall Before everyone that knows her . Taken a long time to get over it . ( grunts ) it 's easier for me . I 'm sore , but I 'm nae really damaged . I 'll get over it in a couple days . Oh , Here ye are , lad . Rinse your mouth with this . It 'll cleanse the cuts and ease the pain . Willow bark tea , With a bit of ground orris root . Ground up well . Top of life . What you did was kindly meant , lad . Laoghaire is my granddaughter , ye ken ? Take that bandage off your shoulder in the next two days . Would it not be easier if you did that ? Yes , but I 'll be gone . I 'm leaving with mr . Petrie tomorrow . Ah . I see . Well ... Then perhaps this is goodbye . Yes . ( door creaks ) I think someone would like to speak with you , alone . Aye . Well , goodbye to you , then , jamie . Safe journeys to ye , claire . ( sighs ) The bannocks should last a day or two , And the cheese will keep for a week . You 've been too kind , mrs . Fitzgibbons . I can 't thank you enough . Think nothing o ' it , lass . Safe journey to ye . Colum wishes to see ye . Why ? It doesna matter why . All right . I 'll be back in a minute . Come on . Three , two , one . Something wrong ? No . Good day to ye , mrs . Beauchamp . Good day . Ye have no connections With clan beaton , have ye ? The beatons ? No . The healers of clan beaton are famous Through the highlands . We had one here , Until he caught a fever which carried him off within a week . Davie beaton was his name . And this was his surgery , he called it . Really ? All this ... And no one to share it with ? I understand you have quite some skill As a healer yourself . It 's an interest of mine , yes . You know the uses of these potions and things ? Some . This is all really fascinating . Thank you for showing me . But I , I must be going . Seeing as we have not had a healer Since davie passed , I want you to take up the work . But I 'm leaving . No . You 're staying . What did dougal say to you ? Did one of his thugs make up lies about me ? My brother keeps his own counsel on you . This is my decision . Then why am I staying ? Because it is my pleasure that you do so . Because you think I 'm a spy . Surely you don 't believe that . I believe that you have secrets , claire . Now , maybe they 're the kind of secrets That every woman has , Which pose no threat to me , to leoch , Or to clan mackenzie . But until I know for sure , You will remain here ... As my guest . You mean as your prisoner , don 't you ? Only if you try to leave . ( breathing heavily ) ( sniffles )
