 - ¶ I am - Treasure doll , here , Giving you a dose of sonic courage To start your morning . A little something to bolster your nerve , Help you get through the day . Because we all get a little lost sometimes , When all we want ... Is to be found . - ¶ they really want you ¶ they really do ¶ yeah , they really want you ¶ they really want you ¶ and I do too ¶ I want to be the girl ¶ with the most cake ¶ I love him so much ¶ it just turns to hate ¶ I fake it so real ¶ I am beyond fake ¶ and someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache - It 's about time . What took you so long ? - ¶ I am doll parts , bi- - [ record skipping ] [ crash ] - [ screaming ] [ dramatic music playing ] ¶ - You might want to slow down , there , boss . You 're getting pretty drunk . - [ chuckles ] It 's a crazy idea for me to take over the needwant . This is kenya 's world , not mine . I got to get out of here . - Hey , when kenya disappeared , None of us knew what to do . If you hadn 't stepped up , and reopened the needwant , We would all be out of work . This little family would 've splintered . I don 't have any other family . I need this place , these people . - Okay . I assume you heard deirdre lamb was killed , treasure doll . - I heard . - Well , shouldn 't you be Figuring out who did it ? - It 's gonna have to wait . Irisa needs me . - And to find her , you need that much firepower ? - She stole a terrasphere . - What would she want with a terrasphere ? All I do know is , my emotionally disturbed Daughter is in possession of the same weapon we used To destroy a volge army . A terrasphere could level this town . - I understand you have to go . But who 's gonna speak for the dead ? - Sorry , I don 't know . I 'm a little short on deputies right now . - Give me a badge . - Give you a badge ? - You heard me . - It belongs to irisa . Take good care of it . And try and stay out of trouble . - I was mayor of this town . I think I can handle being lawkeeper . - Don 't flatter yourself . You 're just a deputy . - Deputy ? - Nolan had an emergency . Why don 't you start with the picnic stuff ? - I 'm on it . - Did treasure doll make this little feast for you ? - No . No , I was at tarr traxx all morning . I heard dead air on the radio , So I came here to see what was wrong . By the time I got here , there was already a crowd Of people gathered around her body . Who the strawberries and cheese were for ? - She liked to bring clients up here for sex . The view is a turn-on . - I bet . So were you having sex with her ? - Me ? No . No , I keep things professional with my employees . - Mm . Is there usually a microphone Attached to the end of this cord ? - Yeah . - Any idea where it is ? - I have no idea . What , you think that I did this ? - I 'll let you know . - Take a look at this . It 's one of my old surveillance cameras . It 's not supposed to be here . - Did you know that was up there ? - Absolutely not . - Memory card is missing . So , what happened to nolan ? - He got a lead on irisa . Took off after her . He didn 't tell you about it ? - Nolan and I aren 't sharing our whereabouts anymore . - When did that happen ? - When he thought he lost you . - Irisa ! Kiddo , what you got yourself into ? [ gun cocks ] Guess I 'm a little late to the party , huh ? All right . Okay . So what 's going on down there ? - Stay back . - What , am I making you nervous ? Why ? - [ grunts ] Ow . Jeez . - Whatever 's infected irisa , it 's got you too . Don 't . [ grunts ] [ groaning ] Go ahead . Go on . Do it . Pull the trigger . You 've always pretended like you 're better than me . Prove to me you 're exactly the same kind of animal I am . Come on , tommy , go right ahead . - [ heaving ] [ yelling ] [ groaning ] - I can 't believe quentin turned him in . Isn 't family supposed to mean something ? - Your brother had no choice . - Well , whatever happened to loyalty ? - Your father confessed To killing an earth republic ambassador . If you should be angry with anyone- - - It 's him . I know . It 's just hard to accept that someone you love is a murderer . - We all do terrible things to get what we want . It 's unavoidable , I think . The most we can hope for is that what we want is worth The evil we do . - You really think that ? - Hanya tavo , I think of little else . - Deirdre lamb is dead . - Oh , my god . How ? - She was thrown from the arch . - I 'm sorry , forget it . I don 't want to hear about this . - Such a tragedy . - Yeah , terrible . - Mm . - At least you 're bleeding now , like a normal person . Why do you think your body rejected that thing ? - Maybe irzu 's gift doesn 't work on humans . - It 's not irzu . - Whatever you want to call it . The god that 's pulling irisa 's strings . - It 's not a god . Those tendrils are sections of arkbrain . Billions of tiny robots , working together to control their host . - So I was possessed by what , a machine ? - Kaziri . It 's an ancient spaceship buried under old st . Louis , An artificial intelligence pretending to be a god . - It 's pretty convincing . You know it wants to destroy the world , right ? Irzu wants to terraform the planet and start fresh With its chosen few . Vulaaishe , they say . Paradise . - Votan rapture . - A rapture ? - Old-earth bible thing . The righteous are swept up and saved Before god obliterates the wicked And destroys the world . - Holy shit . - Exactly . Positronic charges . They scramble arkbrains . These things should knock those doomsday cultists on their asses Long enough for us to get irisa clear . You can 't have an apocalypse without your key horseman . [ muffled music ] ¶ - I 'd put those down and wash your hands . Ah . A-ha . Memory card . See what 's on it . - I 'll take it to the workshop . - Here we go . - What ? - Treasure doll 's most recent clients . Hmm . Gail was on shift at the mines , so we can rule her out . Jeru 's afraid of heights , so we can rule him out . Oh , here 's a promising client . And he just visited her last night . - Excuse me . [ electricity crackling ] I said , " excuse me . " - Oh , please . - Last week , you were a madam . This week , you 're a lawkeeper . What 's next , pantomime artist ? - Well , we all need a fallback position . - Was there something you wanted , Other than to touch my undergarments ? - You had an appointment recently with treasure doll . It was probably right before her nails met your neck . - Oh , her nails were like vetho claws Coming in to claim his prey . Oh , it was a good time , worth every tazhwayo . - Was it worth killing her ? - Treasure doll 's dead ? Huh . Oh , that 's too bad . One of defiance 's more engaging entertainments . - Did she say something to incite you ? - Hmm ? - Make you violent ? She called you a haint . - Oh , amanda , that 's a very naughty word , Even coming from the mouth of a filthy human whoremonger . - At least I have a job . You haven 't seen treasure doll in months . Why did you suddenly need her services last night ? Answer the question . - It was a family matter . - It 's the real thing this time . I am completely in love . [ squeals ] - With a client ? - His father 's a client . But my guy 's not into night porters . No , mmm . He 's into me for real . - So what 's the name of this smooth talker ? - It 's a secret . [ laughter ] - Wow . So alak was sleeping with treasure doll . - I never said that . - Thank you for your help . I 'd ask you not to leave town , But from the looks of this place , I doubt you could afford a land coach ticket . - [ grunts ] - This is my prisoner . Don 't shoot . - [ speaking native language ] - You should not have brought him here . You should have killed him . - It 's not what irisa would have wanted . - Tishinkaais strongly connected to nolan . His words may weaken her resolve . - [ speaking native language ] - No , alethea , The burden is mine . - No . I 'll see him , alone . - [ sighs ] - You 're coming back home . We can do it the easy way , or we can do it the hard way . - Nothing if you tell them to stand down . - They won 't listen . - Too bad for them . - It 's a good thing they can 't be killed , 'cause that 's how you handle everything , With violence . - All right , well , that 's not fair . - I 'm not interested in being fair . I 'm interested in truth . You raised me to enjoy hurting people . - You taught me how to use a blade , how to kill . I mean , for a child , than can feel like play , a game . - I taught you how to survive . - I saw you as a hero because you rescued me . You took away my pain . But I didn 't see what you were . I was blinded by--I don 't know . I--I--I thought it was love . - You weren 't blinded . The love was there . - You murdered so many votans . Our lives meant nothing to you . You 're a monster , a predator . And that is why I can 't save you . You 're evil . - No , this isn 't you . - I wanted so much to make you happy , I imitated you . I did the same awful things . - This isn 't you . - This is me ! It has always been me ! You were blind and stupid . You killed my parents , and I loved you for it . Don 't you understand how sick that is ? You broke me into little pieces . [ sobbing ] you ruined me . [ speaking native language ] - I went on the run for you . I lost my commission for you . I took you as my own daughter , even though- - - Even though I was a disgusting alien . - No , I never said that . - But you thought it ! - I never said it ! - Admit it . - No ! - Liar ! I can see what 's in your head . You can 't hide from the truth . You can 't hide from my god 's light . - Your god is a fraud . [ grunts ] - This world is an abomination . And not because of arkfall or terraforming . It 's because of you , humans . You spent thousands of years ruining this beautiful world . And that is why I can 't save you . - Where 's my daughter ? Where is she ? - No ! That is enough . Enough . - [ sobs ] - I 'm planning a food walk this afternoon To deliver supplies to the poor and disabled . I won 't be needing your company . - Are you going to see datak ? - My husband is poor , but hardly disabled . - Favi tarr . May I speak with you a moment ? - What is it ? - I found this under alak 's bed . - Alak . - [ sighs ] - No love for r.E.M. , I see . - Mm , kids these days , no respect for the classics . - I already told you everything I know about treasure doll . - You didn 't tell us you were sleeping with her . - In fact , you told us the exact opposite . Why 'd you lie ? - I didn 't sleep with her . I 'm faithful to my wife . - Good . Because if you were sleeping with her and we caught you Lying about it , that would look pretty bad . Of course , it would look a lot worse if we learned that deirdre Had been secretly taping and editing a blackmail package . That would be a pretty strong motive to kill her , Don 't you think ? Maybe she threatened you over a nice picnic lunch . - If you stir up trouble , if you get in my way , I swear , I will drop your skinny ass off the top of this arch . - You know , this is a horrible mistake . Alak didn 't hurt anyone . You know that . - He 'll have his day in court . - With the e-rep in charge ? You won 't rest until my whole family is in jail , will you ? - [ speaking native language ] - You don 't think I killed her , do you ? - I know you didn 't . But I also know that you betrayed me , And you betrayed our child . - I 've been so stupid . - Yes . But it 's good that you now understand that your wife Is not castithan . You swore a human oath of fidelity , Which she expects you to honor . Perhaps some time behind bars will help you grow , As it has your father . - Did you set me up ? Of weird family life lesson you 're trying to teach me ? - Of course not . - What about dad ? - How could you say such a thing ? - I don 't know , mom . You tell me . - I 'm late for my food walk . - [ coughing ] - This is amazing . Could I have another ? - Eat as much as you wish , andina . These were my son 's favorite when he was your age . - I knew we had the tarr family to thank For the food walk , but I didn 't realize that you Were involved so personally . [ coughing ] - What is runoff for some is , to others , river . It 's an old castithan saying , meaning- - - We should help others . My mother used to say it . She died in the last razor rain storm . - I am so sorry . Please , can you fill this for your father ? - Yes , favi . - I brought some kataranda roast , A small reminder of home . [ chuckles ] - but a large comfort . Thank you . - What will become of your daughter After you have passed on ? - I have tried to locate family to care for her , But I have been unable . - My household recently lost a handmaiden . Perhaps we could bind her to us . - You--you would do that ? - The purpose of a food walk Is to provide comfort and peace To the dying . I imagine knowing that your daughter would never go hungry Again would provide that . - Favi , I could never repay Such kindness . - That 's not precisely true . - We 're not killing him . - If you let him go , he 'll be back . He 's too dangerous . - I said no . - You 're putting everything at risk . - Oh , it looks like you 're stuck , sukar . The boss wants me alive . - Don 't push your luck . - Oh , he 's afraid , kiddo . I can smell it on him . Sukar knows I always win in the end . - Hey , did you tell your cultist buddies about the time I stole that ark-tech out from under your nose , Made you and your crew look like monkeys ? Probably too embarrassing . How did that stab wound heal up ? - Tishinkaa . - He 's trying to get under your skin . - It 's working . - Or what about the time I kicked your ass , And then threw you out of the gateway arch ? Do you remember that ? The look on your face , it was priceless . " tishinkaa . " [ chuckles ] [ grunts ] Sorry , sukar . Sorry . The stink from your beard , it caught me by surprise . So you want to punch me , or what ? - Hurt him . Don 't kill him . - [ speaking native language ] - You should write children 's books . - Hey , you guys got to see this . Come on , now . - All right , come on , everybody . This is something you 're gonna want to tell your kids about , Seeing the ugliest irathient on the planet Crying like a little girl . [ both grunting ] - [ yells ] - Shit . Forgot about the whole heal instantly thing . - [ grunts ] [ electronic beeping ] - [ yells ] - Tommy . Irisa . [ grunts ] - He was gonna marry me . I was gonna be his princess . - I 'm so sorry . - How could he pick her ? I 'm on the radio , for christ 's sake . - Do you really care about this guy ? - [ sobbing ] I do . - Then you have to fight . - It won 't work . You don 't know him . I haven 't even told you his name . - I don 't need to know his name . I know this world . Anything you have , Anything worthwhile , There is someone out there Who will take it from you . So you have to fight , Or you 're gonna end up with nothing . I had a guy . He was with my sister , so he was off-limits . But she kicked him aside . And I could have told him how I felt . But I didn 't . I didn 't fight . Don 't make the same mistake . - You 're right . I won 't let anybody take him away from me . - I didn 't kill her . But I did treat her badly . She was hot and fun for a while . But then I got bored , and I threw her away . Look , I wish she was alive , so I could--so I could tell her I 'm sorry . - You and me both . Alak , for whatever it 's worth , We all do stupid things . - [ coughing ] - Can I help you with something ? - I 'm here to confess to a murder , the murder of the girl On the radio , treasure doll , at the arch . I loved her too much . - Do you know her real name ? - I didn 't want to . Real names spoil the magic . - Do I look really stupid to you ? - Maybe this will convince you . This is what I hit her with . - I 've just gone to a great deal of trouble to free our son From the lawkeeper 's jail . - You 're a good mother . - Is that sarcasm ? - Oh , if you have to ask , it probably is . So ... Alak , did he do it ? - I think we both know the answer to that . - Do we ? - I know you placed the microphone under his bed . What I don 't know is why . - What microphone ? - Are you seriously trying to tell me You did not kill deirdre ? - Well , actually , I assumed it was you . - Then who- - [ laughing ] - Christie , I 'm home . Christie . [ sniffs ] Christie . This is poison . - I know exactly what that is . Prostitutes use it to end unwanted pregnancies . A few splashes can trigger a miscarriage . - What was it doing sitting in our room ? You 're not--you 're not thinking of ... Using it . - Treasure doll invited me to the arch this morning . She knew I was upset about my father 's arrest , And so she made me breakfast . She said it was to cheer me up . - Here , fresh-squeezed noomel juice . I pressed it this morning . [ clink ] - ¶ they really want you ¶ they really do - What 's in this ? - Did a seed get in there ? - This is poison . - It smells okay to me . - I have a castithan baby in my stomach . All my senses are sharper . Are you trying to kill me ? - Not you . It . Alak loves me . But he won 't leave his pregnant wife . - You 're lying . - Not this time . - You were never my friend . Encouraging me to dress up as a casti , that was all a setup . - I don 't have a rich father . I didn 't marry into a rich family . - Good-bye , deirdre . - If you want anything in this world , You have to fight for it ! [ both grunting ] [ grunts ] - Stay away from my family . - [ yells ] [ glass shattering ] - Alak , you 're a castithan male . I know you have needs , But you must never again let them threaten our child . - I promise . - [ speaking alien language ] - How long you think we have ? - No idea . - Don 't worry about her . She 's gonna be okay . - I admire your optimism , kid . - That 's because I don 't accept the world is coming to an end . - See , now you 're just getting annoying . - Whatever , pick at me . I don 't care . - [ laughs ] I don 't treat you right , do I , tommy ? - This is not the time . - Oh , you follow the rules . You obey the law . You do everything right . And , here I am giving you a hard time . Right , kid ? - I 've noticed . - I got a different relationship with the rules . - It 's hard to be a lawkeeper unless you follow the law . - Yeah , well , my way , it gets results . Mind you , your way ... It gets results too . You 're good for irisa . You 're good for the town . If we get out of this thing in one piece , I 'd be honored To have you by my side again . - What are you saying ? - I 'm not saying anything . I 'm saying you 're a good man , and I respect you , is all . Don 't go making a big thing of it . - Okay . Thank you . - [ grunts ] - [ grunts ] - You tricked me . - I did . But when this is all over , you 're gonna thank me . - This is all over tomorrow . At sunfall , the kaziri 's holy fire Will reshape this planet into vulaaishe . - Look , I know you feel like yourself . It seems like you 're making decisions on your own . You 're not really in control . The kaziri is controlling how you feel . Irisa ... Come back to me . I love you . - Tommy . The irisa you knew is gone . - [ grunts ] - [ sighs ] - Do it . You have to kill him . - No . - Cut his throat . - You can make me do anything else , But you can 't make me do that . We have a deal . - [ groaning ] Tommy . Tommy ? - [ gasping ] - tommy ! Hey , hey . Put pressure on it . Hold on , okay ? - [ groaning ] - I 'm not gonna let you die . - ¶ I am ¶ doll eyes ¶ doll mouth ¶ doll legs ¶ I am ¶ doll arms ¶ big veins ¶ dog bait ¶ yeah , they really want you ¶ they really want you ¶ they really do ¶ yeah , they really want you ¶ they really want you ¶ and I do too ¶ I want to be the girl ¶ with the most cake ¶ I love him so much ¶ it just turns to hate ¶ I fake it so real ¶ I am beyond fake ¶ someday , you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ yeah , they really want you ¶ they really want you ¶ they really do ¶ yeah , they really want you ¶ they really want you ¶ but I do too ¶ I want to be the girl ¶ with the most cake ¶ he only loves those things because he loves ¶ ¶ to see them break ¶ I fake it so real ¶ I am beyond fake ¶ and someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache ¶ someday you will ache ¶ like I ache - [ grunts ]
