 Previously on " The Lottery " ... - What do you suggest ? - A lottery . Let every woman out there have a chance to hit the jackpot . Lottery finalist number 88 ... - Perry Sommers . - Two hundred gals . Only one hundred are gonna make it , and let 's face it , Perry ... you ain 't exactly the mothering type . Number 200 ... Angela Maria Perez . Would it feel strange ... it not being our baby ? If god wants us to have a baby , we 're gonna have a baby . This panel has decided to terminate the parental rights of the father . Elvis Walker is now a ward of the state . - Say you love me . - Leave me alone . Listen to ... Don 't shoot ! No ! Conner set up Nathan . He was behind the Chinese abduction . Vanessa , there 's something you need to know . Conner , put the gun down ! So Conner knew Darius ? Yes . Conner met with him a few times . He was pressuring him to ... Do something . You have an apartment in Crystal City ? For visitors . Like my lovely daughter . No more detective work . You have to stop this before it goes too far . Somebody knew the crisis was going to happen . Y-you 're saying my father is connected to the fertility crisis ? Maybe he knew it was coming ... Before his plane crashed . Ladies , it 's time to remove your ocular motion goggles , please . _ This kind of emotion is normal . Most of us haven 't seen an infant in six years . Some of us , not in a decade . Or ever . Seeing that beautiful newborn baby should remind each and every one of you why we 're here . The human race is at the brink of extinction . But you contestants represent the future . This is a historic day . The beginning of our road to repopulation . Thank you , Madam First Lady . With that in mind , you finalists will be subjected to a battery of tests that will measure your physical , psychiatric , and emotional strength . And remember , ladies , America is watching at all times , even now . So unless otherwise noted , you should assume anything you say or do is being filmed and transmitted live to the American people . They 're the ones voting on who gets to carry the babies , so we want to make sure they 're getting as much honest data as possible . All right . I want to wish you all the best of luck on this historic journey . Well , you all look pretty good considering you were woken up every two hours last night . But you better get used to it because on average , a new mother gets less than four interrupted hours of sleep a night . Tonight , you 'll be given a series of tests to see how well you function under the stress of significant sleep deprivation . So , uh , you gonna tell me what 's going on ? I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have called you over here last night in the middle of the night . Last time you asked me for a favor you were , what , 11 ? Look . I can 't ... I can 't really say anything . Oh , for God 's sake . I 'm your brother . Just tell me what the hell 's going on . I think ... Someone I work with was responsible for the murders of the diplomats in China . What ? Why would somebody do that ? To stop the lottery . The terrorists took the hostages the moment we announced the lottery . They demanded embryos . But as soon as we started negotiating , they immediately pulled back and killed everyone . Which means that was the plan all along ... his plan . Which is why I think he 's going to do something else . I think I should go to the President with what I know . You have any proof ? My gut . A hunch . When you do the math , it all adds up . But , no , I don 't have any hard proof . The President trusts me . You can 't go to the President on a hunch . Or an anomaly . He needs something real , something big . Look . You 're going to a gunfight , sis . You better bring a gun . Let the games begin . Today is the first day of the lottery where two hundred possible mothers from around the United States compete to be America 's next mother . Kyle . - Just checking . - Checking what ? That you 're still alive . Oh , shit . What 's with this ? I couldn 't sleep . I thought you said you were sober . I was . I can find an A.A. meeting close by . I got sober because of Elvis . What 's the point now ? You 're never gonna get him back unless you 're straight . You got that first part right . I 'm never getting him back . I thank you for the couch and the aspirin , but I don 't need your help . - I can find a lawyer . - I am done with lawyers . This is different . He 's at a top firm . - He 's a friend of mine . - It 's rigged , Alison . The whole system . Every judge is in the pocket of the D.O.H. - You dont get it . - Kyle , I do get it . That 's why I want to help you . Stop trying to make this okay . Al . It 's me . You back yet ? - Hey . - Hey . I thought you were gonna call me when you were ... Hey . George , thanks for coming on such short notice . I want you to pull drone footage in Crystal City ... near the townhouse where Conner Black went the night before the abduction . I figure whoever he was meeting is probably involved , too . We closed the investigation , Vanessa . You know that . And I need a formal request in order to reopen it . The Chief of Staff requesting isn 't formal enough ? No . Not in this case , it 's not . There 's too many eyes on it . Some of the victims ' families are getting restless , too . - W-what do you mean ? - You know how it is . Once they stop grieving , they start blaming . We open this up now , we are creating a paper trail that we might need to share someday . Wait . Who shut this down ? The White House or CIA ? I don 't know . I don 't want to know . Just leave it alone , Vanessa . Chief of Staff 's not gonna let this thing die . Don 't worry . The file 's closed . I just spoke to the director of the CIA 10 minutes ago . - It 's done . - It better be . They find our fingerprints on this thing , they 're gonna hang us from the Washington Monument . Five diplomats are dead . As far as I can tell , the lottery is alive and well . Hell , it 's thriving . And I 'm pretty sure that 's not the result we were looking for . No . It 's the Chief of Staff 's plan that 's working , not ours I think we 've lost control of this thing , Darius . Why the hell are you following me , huh ? ! Who are you ? My name 's Elliot . I know about your story . My story ? I mean ... Can you let go , please ? We think we can help you . - We ? - We 're ... I 'm a part of the Maytwos . The Second of May Resistance ? Never heard of it . May 2 , 2023 , was the day congress granted extraordinary powers to the Department of Humanity . The D.O.H. Custody trial was a sham . What do you want ? Our members would like to meet you . You can find us in warehouse city . Sorry . I don 't join clubs . You 're not the only one , Kyle . They 're gonna take more children . Fun night ? I wouldn 't know . Have you found anything on Heliogenics yet ? There 's got to be someone there that knew what Kessler was working on . Yeah , that 's the thing . There is no Heliogenics . There is no Intrionics . There 's no public data anywhere . It 's like this company never existed . Just , um ... Just be careful , Al . What do you really know about the guy ? - Who ? - Who ? Kyle . You just met him . Did you even wonder why he asked to stay with you . Because he needed a place to stay . What 's your deal with him , anyway ? Don 't you think Kyle could cut a deal with the D.O.H. like that to get his kid back ? I bet Darius Hayes would love to know everything we 're digging into . You think Kyle would sell us out ? I 'm saying he already did . Oh , my God . What happened ? Two guys jumped me outside of Kessler 's and they told me to stop investigating . They knew everything we 'd been doing . Who do you think told Darius ? I don 't know . I 'll see you at the lab . We don 't have a choice . You want to save Humanity , this is what we got to do . We don 't know what 's gonna happen when they reach fertile age . So we got to monitor , we got to test , we got to do whatever 's necessary . One of these kids could be the key to figuring this whole thing out . Mind if we join you ? Whew , I am beat . I tried to run the whole way through on that last test . I just couldn 't . So what ? I walked . Didn 't you guys ? You just have to pace yourself . Well , I 'll take the treadmill test with those shrinks drilling us with personal questions . I know . I feel like ... No one should ever ask you those questions . Really ? I thought they were thought-provoking . Oh , me too . It 's nice to finally be on the other side of it . I 'm a therapist with my own practice . But , of course , if I 'm chosen , then I 'll put my career on hold in order to be a stay-at-home mom . Stay at home ? Why would anyone want to stay at home ? What do you do , Perry ? I 'm a bartender . And a part-time design consultant . Hey , did any of you see diet soda over there ? Remember , no caffeine or aspartame when you 're pregnant . But we 're not pregnant . I get it . Once we get the little buggers inside us , no alcohol , caffeine , smoking , fun . But all of these tests are pretty hardcore . I mean , I thought this was gonna be really fun , like a game show , not San Quentin . Didn 't you guys ? Not everyone has the mental stability to take on being a mother in this new world . Think about what it will be like to bring your baby home , everyone looking at you , judging you . Wow , I was just looking to chat like girlfriends , not go on a job interview . I didn 't know I had it ! Please ! I didn 't know I had it ! Please ! Just give me a second chance ! Please ! Aah ! My God . What did they just do to her ? Remember , contestants . All cellphones and electronic devices are prohibited . If we find you have broke the rules , you will be escorted off the premises and sent home immediately . That 's what they call an escort ? Miss Keller . Please , call me Vanessa . Would you care for a cup of coffee or anything ? Oh , just a glass of water . Thank you . So , that 's your medal of honor ? Two Tours of Duty in Afghanistan . So , Vanessa ... I 'm guessing the White House sent you here to handle me , to make sure I fall in line . That 's not why I 'm here . My son Nathan was murdered in China . I don 't want a sanitized CIA report . I want to know what actually happened . They must be really worried to send the Chief of Staff to calm me down . I 'm not here as the Chief of Staff . In fact , my visit is off the record . Nathan and I were more just colleagues . So you 're the one . Yes . Nathan said we 'd meet you some day soon . It wasn 't supposed to be this kind of day . Please , have a seat . Sir , I would encourage you to use your influence to get the facts about Nathan 's death . You 're a powerful lawyer . You can call in favors . Request a meeting with the President and Darius Hayes . Demand answers . Are you saying you don 't believe the CIA report ? I 'm saying right now , you can get closer to the truth than I can . Any idea what prompted Mr. Mitchell 's desire to sit down with me and the President ? No . Apart from the fact that his son was just assassinated . Right . Losing a child like that is motivation for ... Just about anything . So , I heard you 're trying to reopen the Conner Black file . Yes . I promised his husband I would keep looking for answers . Why would you do that ? He feels we closed the case too quickly , before the truth came out . Is that what you believe ? It 's not easy losing someone you love . You 're angry . You want answers , revenge . So , does Nathan Mitchell 's father also want revenge ? He wants the truth . The truth is , we did everything possible to save our diplomats in China . He may not accept that . Then that will cause a lot of problems ... For both of us . We know the two scientists died in a plane crash . We know it was a private jet . And that scientists can 't afford private jets . Maybe the company , Heliogenics , Intrionics leased it . So , let 's look up corporate jet companies . Companies that lease jets to rich people probably aren 't gonna be that willing to share information . It depends how you ask . Hi . This is Janet Kramer , senior counsel with the FAA . We 're looking into a plane crash that occurred in December 2015 . Okay , so , it 's called Heliogenics . Yeah . No , I think they might have leased a jet from your D.C. office . One of the planes you leased , yes . Sure . I 'll hold . You know what ? I might have got the name wrong . It might be Intrionics . Yeah . Intri ... no , with an " I. " No ? Okay . All right , thank you . Yes , Heliogenics . You do ? Good . And your name is ? Great . Thank you so much . The name of the company is Heliogenics . They were funding Kessler 's research . According to her records , the plane crashed in Afghanistan , not in Greece like it said in the obituary . Why would all the news reports say Greece ? Someone 's trying to hide the truth . Oh , my God . - What ? - Afghanistan . - Kabul . That 's where ... - Infertility was first reported . That 's ground zero for the sterility crisis . So whatever those doctors were carrying onboard ... Caused it . If those scientists were carrying the virus , that means they invented the virus . Hey , does this open ? - I doubt it . - Why ? No windows ? No way outside ? What do they possibly have against freaking fresh air ? There 's no cameras out there . Son of a bitch ! Come on ! - Perry , it 's all right . - Is it ? 'Cause I don 't think any of this is all right . How can you stand it ? All of these cameras , everybody watching us all the time ? I don 't even want a baby . Don 't say that . You don 't mean it . It 's okay . It 's okay . Just breathe . They 're testing us all the time , remember ? It 's all part of that . You 're right . I know all of these sacrifices will be worth it if I can be a mom . It will be . You 'll see . Carrie , what 's this contestant 's name ? Contestant number 88 , Perry Sommers . I 've been watching her . - I like her . - Why ? She 's honest . No filter . You don 't see too much of that in this town . Can you pull all the footage we have of her , please ? Oh , and send Sam in . Thank you . Yes , ma 'am ? I have something I want you to do for me . Same information you already sent me . Actually , we 've included certain additional information , things that were previously redacted . Our goal is to be completely transparent . I appreciate you meeting with me . I really do . Of course , we can only imagine how difficult this must be for you . Thank you . But I can 't help but feel I 'm being handled . Mr. Mitchell , we want to give you the unvarnished truth . Then give it to me . I 'm sorry , but we have . Those are the facts . That 's what we know . My son graduated top of his class at Harvard . He served in the Navy . He was Deputy Secretary of state at 37 . And you expect me to believe that he got played by a band of nickle-and-dime terrorists ? Like the report states , his group was rerouted . I don 't want to be handled . One of his advisors set him up . Conner Black . Really ? I have been doing business in this town at the highest levels for 30 years . I can smell a White House cover-up from Bethesda . I thought you two were gonna take care of this . He wants answers . I don 't blame him . Sir , the man just lost his son . What did you expect ? Who the hell do you think you 're talking to ? Sir . I think Vanessa makes a good point . Randall Mitchell is grieving . Nothing we say or do can change that . _ It 's like what happened in Italy . The people just revolted . Had enough . Took over the government , civil unrest . You know , I saw it . It wasn 't pretty . They say France is the next to go . You believe that ? France ? What are we , the last man standing ? What 's the world gonna look like in 10 years ? 20 ? Hell , when we 're old men . Are we all just gonna huddle around together in one or two cities ? Oh , but maybe the lottery will save us . Isn 't that what the President keeps saying ? The lottery will inspire us , it 's going to give us hope . You know , some of those kids are gonna be mine ? To my children . This was the epicenter of the rioting that took place here last night and these are the remains of two police cars ... Perry Sommers ? In the flesh . Come with me . Am I getting shit-canned already ? Just let me know . I 'll pack . Is it more tests or what ? Come on . You can tell me . I can take it . Hello ? Do you speak ? Is it because I finished up the fitness test walking ? Is that it ? Heard you like to play a little guitar . Look , whatever you 're thinking , you should know I have a boyfriend . So call your boyfriend . Call whoever you want . Phone 's on the table . It 's untraceable . There 's no cameras , no microphones . You 've got exactly 30 minutes before you 're expected in the dining hall . Just leave the phone when you 're done . Wait . What is this ? Another test ? Am I being set up ? Let 's just say you have a friend . So tired ! Aren 't you ? Ugh , exhausted . Where 'd you go earlier ? Oh , I , um , I was so tired , I skipped a test booklet . They had me take it again . Oh , cool . They let you do that ? Well , I 'd already done it . I just ... I don 't know the rules . What did you do ? I actually fell asleep . Then this alarm sounded like a fire alarm . Hello , ladies . Night number two of sleep deprivation . Just like last night , an alarm of a crying infant will sound to awaken you . It will not turn off until you 've completed a simple logic test . When you hit complete at the end of the test , your alarm will end and you can go back to sleep . If your roommate has not completed the test , you may use the noise-canceling headphones provided for you . But beware , if you sleep through the alarm , points will be deducted . Thank you . Thanks for meeting with me . Like I said on the phone , unless you have answers for me , Darius , I 'm not sure there 's much to discuss . Your son was a good man . You must be proud . Nothing more satisfying than seeing a child succeed , a culmination of the father 's mission . Validation of a life well lived . I am not in the mood for philosophy lessons . I have more clarity for you , Randall . New facts have come to light . The situation in China was more involved than originally thought . What does that mean ? The terrorists tried to elicit certain classified information from your son . He refused . They beat him . But he didn 't give up a damn thing . Then when he saw an opportunity , he grabbed one of their weapons and he shot two terrorists . The reason I 'm here is the President would like to share that information with the country . He died a hero , Randall . My son . I knew there was more to the story . I knew he 'd fight back . He was our last child . Our family died with him . Listen to me . Your son did not die in vain . We live in extraordinary times . We 're forced to make decisions ... horrible decisions . But we have no choice . We have to make them . The head of the Department of Humanity refutes the accusations by the opposition group , the Maytwos , that our youngest children are being taken away from their parents . Another pint , another shot . So , it 's very important that everyone understand that the Department of Humanity is not taking children without cause . Our mandate is to protect and restore the human race . We only intervene in situations of child endangerment , like the case of Kyle Walker . Okay ? Thank you all for your time . I 've got to run . That was Darius Hayes , director of the fertility commission and head of the Department of Humanity . In other news ... How 's it going ? It 's brilliant . They have fooled with our minds and we don 't even know . We don 't even notice that . We 've got to fight back . I was invited . If you would let me reach into my jacket , I 'll show you the card . Gabrielle . Honey . Tom . What are you doing ? I 'm just ... Testing a game for the lottery . Why ? I was just seeing if you were coming to bed . Yeah . Yeah , I 'll be right there . I just need to finish up . Please see what you can make from these shapes . You have exactly 20 seconds . Go . Wh-what ? I don 't understand the directions . Put them together . They make a square . You probably shouldn 't tell me that . Oh , my God . That was so loud . So , you 're saying you believe in the lottery . No . I 'm saying the lottery is a work of genius . A magic trick . And the key to magic is ... to make people look at the wrong thing . The government , they ... they show us these young women in white dresses like virginal brides while they sneak through our back doors and steal our children . Kyle Walker ... Welcome . You 're the Maytwos ? Hmm . You want to play ? Mr. Mitchell . What 's going on ? Mr. Mitchell and the President had a follow-up conversation . About ? The matter has been resolved . What does that mean ? He 's satisfied with the new information we presented . What the hell are you talking about ? We told him what he wanted to hear . His son killed two terrorists and died trying to save the lives of his fellow Americans . Congratulations , ladies . You 've just gotten through your second night with a newborn . Now you 're going to have a simulated driving test which replicates the conditions of a normal suburban neighborhood . Please take your positions . Drive safe and good luck . Give me a minute . You know someone 's following us . It 's okay . It 's Cortis . I still can 't believe this . I mean , no wonder we couldn 't find anything . You sure your friend at the IRS is credible ? He 's been at the IRS for 10 years . Heliogenics is a shell corporation for the United States government . It makes sense . It 's why things keep disappearing . It 's why they beat me up . It 's why we 've been followed and threatened . Al , we need to talk to someone , someone who can help us . Someone we can trust . I know . But who ? Hello , Perry . Wait , you 're the friend ? Please , join me for a cappuccino . Why ? To celebrate . As of this morning , you scored in the top 10 of all two hundred contestants . Congratulations . But why all this ? I 've been watching you . Now , I know what it 's like to be thrown into the fishbowl . Everyone 's looking at you . There 's no privacy , no support , no one you can trust . I also know you 've been thinking of quitting . So I thought maybe if you had a private place you could come to , it 'd help you stay in the game . But what do you want from me ? Nothing . No , I just want to chat , get to know you . So , what 's so urgent that you need to see me at 7 : 00 in the morning ? We didn 't know who else to talk to , so ... Well , what is it ? We finally figured out what was going on , but ... Alison , for God 's sake , we are on the same side here . It 's hard to tell these days . Okay . I 'm busy . We think the government is responsible for the crisis . Fertility crisis ? Yes . I thought about what you said , about the Chief of Staff winning the hearts and minds of the American people with her ... Lottery . You 're right . Our plan , our purpose will require a more substantial effort than first imagined . We have to remove obstacles . Are you talking about the President ? I 'm talking about the future . And that 's much bigger than the life of any one man . Don 't you agree ?
