 The year is 1955 and the 2nd Hundred year war rages on . The British legions have been locked in battle with the Prussian war machine only to create bittle stalemate which is lasted for decades . Deep in the Arctic circle and far from the front line a remote British outpost intercepts enemy transmissions and works on forbidden science to help win a war . This is the story about Outpost eleven and its crew . Long live the King . Outpost 11 Blasted spaggers . How many more times i have to tell you to stand up straight and keep your arms like this ? Discipline is the only thing that separates us from the animals . I think we have a problem , sir . Well , what is it then ? Well , that shouldn 't be flashing . Shouldn 't be flashing at all . Unless we are under attack . It just came on , five minutes ago , sir . The siren should be going as well . Its all part of interpost relay . You haven 't heard any artillery or sky comings , have you ? No , sir , nothing . It 's all quiet . Must be the faulty circuit . You haven 't been touching anything you shouldn 't have , again ? No , sir . I 've been just passing transmissions . Where is Mason ? He went out to the white , to hunt like he always does . He spends to much time if you ask me He should be here , comanding his post . Is not as we have much to do here . It 's not as we have much to do here , sir ! Sorry , sir . We are soldiers in the British army and we have a duty to our King and country . You should be grateful not to be stationed on the southern front . I hear thousand people die per minute in the battle for east Antarctica . Yes , sir . Make yourself useful , go on check the Omega engine levels . But sir , that wouldn 't affect what that light was on on . That 's an order , private . Get on with it . It 's only me . A man can not call him self a man , unless ... Why do you always do this ? Its me . It 's protocol , sir . A man can not call himself a man , unless he is been outside of box . Inside of box is reality , outside is insanity . You need to stop to be so serious Graham . We are in the middle of the Arctic circle . I 'm just doing what i was trained to do , sir . You know , stranges thing has happened to me out there . - What was that , sir ? I think someones put a bomb inside of wild hare . Sounds like a Prussian plot to try to kill us , sir . - Yeah , well it almost worked . Why would you go so all that trouble if you are so far of any enemy base ? They must be getting desperate , sir . They must know they are losing . A cowardly move , if you ask me , sir . I think it a bit more complex then that . Anyway , anything happened while i was out , corporal ? Well , yes , there was actually . Please dont tell me you want to reprimand Albert again for insubordination . No , sir . There was an electical fault in warning light . But it seems it stopped now . - Warning light ? - Yes , sir . It was just flashing , but the siren wasn 't sounding . I better go on check it out , just in case . Very good , sir . Where is Albert ? I ordered him to check Hymogen engine levels . Jesus , Graham ... Huh ... I am sorry about Graham , he knows you don 't like it in here . It just get claustrophobic sir , hard to breathe sometimes . What 's with the " sir " ? You know how to call me , Mason . It 's arctic hare for supper tonight and if you cook it half as well as last time we are in for a real threat . Ill do my best . Good boy . Why don 't you go make a start on it now ? Thank you , sir . Find anything unusual ? No , sir . Mason is taking a closer look . I 've been ordered to start dinner . Very good . Carry on . Why are you so unkind to Albert , hm ? Is it because he is lower rank than you , or just that you dont like him ? Permission to speak freely , sir ? Of course , it 'a adult time now . He is just so weak . I 've never seen such pathetic excuse for a soldier before . He just makes my head really burn with rich . But he isn 't a soldier . One not by choice anyway . The draft gets all of us , sir . It 's not excuse . Albert is a disgrace to the uniform and must be reminded of it . I just not think that 's the point . He is a boy . I 've asked you before to take it easy on him Now , i am telling you . That 's an order . Yes , sir . I do prefer the black , but needs must when demon vomits to your face and tell you its snowing . Hear , hear . Wake up , Albert . What did you see ? Tell me what did you saw ? I think i saw God , and he was a machine . God is dead . We killed him . A , J , K , F , 4 , 5 , Z , M , J , 8 , 6 , I , L , N , M , 3 , H Use code sheet 3 and 8 is your variable . I know this is against protocol , but ... - Message ends . What the hell is it this time ? Sir , we have recieved a communication . Look at you man . You are a disgrace . Suit yourself out . We have recieved a communication , sir . Gosh , it was a while since the last one . - Yes , sir . I was begining to think we have lost the war . Have you no respect for your King and country , private ? Sorry , sir . God save the King . - Yes , long live the King . And damn you tasteless human . If it was up to me i 'll have you whipped for insolence . What 's wrong with the issued notebook ? It was over fast , sir . I had to use whatever was in front of me . I suppose that 's what you would called using your own initiative . You should be prepared to take messages all the time . It is your job . Sir , i know . It just doesn 't happen that often though . The soldier is always alert and ready for action . You 've been here for two years . Will you ever get it ? I try my best , sir . - Try a bit harder then , will ya ? No wonder they sent you out here . You are disgrace to a British army . What 's on the tape , sir ? I dont know , but it will be important if its in the safe . Well ? Shouldn 't you be intercepting enemy transmissions ? Yes , sir . No hare today , gentleman . We have received a coded message , sir . Well , did you decoded it yet ? No , i just started it now . You know what this means ? We could be going home . Now , bloody time soon . - I hope my next post is a bit warmer . Yeah , warmer . Don 't you stand there man . Let 's crack on . " God has forsaken us abandon all hope " " God is with us await further instructions " Parasites . You rang ? - Yes , sir . Message is decoded but , i 'm afraid its all about cryptic . Well , go on . - Message reads : " God is with us , await further instructions " Is that all ? - Yes , sir . Oh , damn fools and their superstitions . I think they just trying to let us know everything is alright . I think it sounds rather positive . - Well , I doubt it was ever gonna be negative . It 's just propaganda , to keep us working . Five years in this dreadful hole . Doing the dirty work for a government I didn 't even vote for . We all have to do our time , sir . It 's our duty to the King . You have no idea what 's going on here , do you ? You ever thought why you love this job so much ? It 's all I known man and boy . - Exactly . Remind me What did you do before the War ? - I was at ... I think ... - All you know is war . I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have said that . I apologise . You are right , Graham . I am the King 's loyal servant . Long live the King . - Yes , long live the King . Long live the King ! Thank you for bringing this to my attention . I don 't know why he lied about it . - Because this post is all he has . But surely he is just in denail . - Graham isn 't normal , Albert . He is true soldier from the Old war . How many of them left and only certainly can 't ever go home . I don 't understand ... - Oh ... It doesn 't matter now , Albert . We have to find out what this message means . We must contact HQ . Are you ok , sir ? - Yeah , it 's just my head . I 've had a few headaches last couple of nights . Lack of sleep , I think . Do you think we lost the war ? I don 't know . But , i 'm sure i 've seen this message before . It could be code . But Graham is in charge of all the codes and he has the keys of the safe . Yeah . He does . Sleep well ? - Not a wink , sir . Not to worry . For all goes to much I can fill in for an hour or two . Thank you , sir . Sleep well . - Thank you , sir . Graham , one last thing . Could you leave me the keys , please ? Time to file my report . No need , sir . Just call me when you are ready and i will come open it for you . No problem . I think i 'll take them anyway . I wouldn 't want to disturb you and well , i dont know how long am I gonna be . You get yourself a good night 's sleep . You deserve it . " God has forsaken us " " Initiate plan 9 " " Plan 9 - do not watch unless instructed by base commander " Can you hear that ? Sounds like Graham crying . There is something seriously wrong with that man . No one should be alive after what he 's been through . I am general Lord Hall . If you are watching this cassette it means that " Plan 9 " has been initiated . As you now know , Plan 9 means either one of two things . First , Prussian war machine has taken our capital and we are under siege . If your warning system has alerted you to this eventuality you would be fully aware that any supply or relieve will be unable to reach you . Unfortunatly , due to the secret nature of your mission , no record of your outpost exists . Your last duty to the King , must be to destroy all the experiments and work that could fall into enemy hands . I repeat : all work must be destroyed . Even projects of biological nature . The second and more personal threat is the use of enemy armament against you . These ... deadly ... Sky cannon , Tesla howitzer and any other weapon system we are not fully aware of at the present time . The enemy ... ... with the use of fear . You must carry out your orders however severe the consequences and react to the situation accordingly . I wish you the best of luck . Long live the King . Mason ? Please , tell me where you are going ? I 'm going to find Cranly . He 'll know what to do . Who 's Cranly ? - An old friend . Just tell Graham I gone further in field to hunt . How long will you be ? - I don 't know . Last time I walked it was few years ago . Took about a day . I don 't trust Graham . He is different . - We are all different . Now the war is over , the world will never be the same again . I think he broke the computer on purpose . - You have to be strong , Albert . Just stay on the right side of Graham . I 'll be back in no time at all . I 'll try . Took you long enough . Sorry , sir . I was just sleeping . It was my shift off . There is no time for sleep now , Albert . This place is a mess . Needs to be tidied up . What part particular would you like me to focus on ? All of it . Now get a move on . Yes , sir . That 's a good boy . And what about a cup of tea , as well ? Yes , sir . Did you just said something ? - No , sir . Must be the static . Back to work . " Graham , this is HQ . Sorry we had to contact you this way . Secrecy is the key . We have a mission for you Graham and it 's of the utmost importance . " " We are led to believe that Albert is gonna sign into Prussian-spider alliance . " Spider ... alliance ? " Yes , it 's the worst fear come true . Desperate power act of a losing army to side with the insects . " But , it doesn 't make sense . - " Mr. Graham , your orders are simple . " " Watch Albert and on the slightest sign of treachery bring him down on all cost . He is not to be trusted . " " The fate of the King , rely on your hands , Graham . " Mason has been gone long when was last time you saw him ? When he left , sir . Just went out in the white to hunt , as usual . Mad , going outside in these temperatures . I hope he is alright . What ? I said , I hope he is alright , sir . Yes , he should fine . Excelent , i 'm starving . Oh ... But , it 's such a delicius meat , sir . You said so yourself before . You know I dont like spiders . You know I dont like spiders . You know I dont like spiders . You know I dont like fucking spiders . Now clean this mess up . Stupid boy . What new insanity , is this ? Yes , sir ? - Get your rifle man . There is something outside . What was it , sir ? - Don 't know , it was big and move fast . Came right out of white , I think . I think it could have gone , sir . Perhaps it would be best if you got some sleep . I could keep watch for you . So , you think I am tired and I imagined it all in my head ? Did you ? You little bastard . I will see you hanged for this . Questioning superior officer . - I didn 't say that , sir , no ... Don 't talk back to me , you little shit . I am in command . Go over to Omega engine room , now and rehydrate the core . Please , no sir . Anything but that . You should have thought about that before questioning my command . Now get out of here , before I shoot you dead . Please don 't , listen to me I am begging you . You stupid boy . Stupid spider . I already know about Albert and your alliance . Ahhhh ... Cranly ! My God ... my God . 11th May , warning light started flashing . On the inspection of code book , we realised we were under attack from phychotropic weapons . HQ was informed . 12th May . Warning lights continue to flash . James has reported troubles sleeping . Telling us that the devil visits him in the night . Eric has started to show a strange obsession with capturing hares . 13th May . I was convinced I saw a zepeling in the fog last night . Still no reply from the HQ . I am starting to question if we will ever get one . 15th May . Finally a reply from HQ . But , unfortunately a disappointing one . Message read : " We are aware of the situation and are working to resolve it . " " Prepare your men mentally for what can only be described as temporarily insanity . " The enemy had made a deal with the demon himself in creating this weapon . " " But your strong British will will help you endure . " James has eaten his own hand . I fear for our lives . 17th May . Eric is one of them . He was gone when I awoke . After hours of tracking I finally caught up with him When confronted , he threatened me with a hare . and i was forced to lay him down , on the middle . it was a ugly bussiness , but I fear he was trying to flea to outpost 11 . 19th May . I can 't control myself anymore . Cranly ! - I am under the illusion of constant enemy attacks ... But when ever , I take a second look they disappear . It 's so really frighten me to the very core of my being . 30th June . Uhm . I can see all . And all can see me . Only through complete integration with the Omega core . Can I trully hope to destroy my silent stalkers ? Please , help me , help me ! What have you done now , you stupid boy ? Please , please , help me , help me ! Precious core fuel , wasted . You really messed up best now . My eyes , please ! Can you see this ? - No , no , i 'm so scared , please ! I 'm afraid you are blind . Probably for life . Oh God , no ! No need to bring God into this . It 's your mistake . Argh ! I imagine you learned a very valuable lesson here today . Here we go . The trouble with eyes is that , even with them you are still blind . At least now , you can make yourself useful . Hallo ? Who is this ? No , you are not , spiders can 't use phones . Never , you beast . And he is a traitor to his kind . You don 't understand the things I been through . The things I have seen . and I know God holds no place for me . and I accept that . I was born into a life of firelance and when I die , i 'm doing my duty to the King . I fear it is time to take this debacle to the next level . Prepare yourself for battle . You will die for this treachery . Albert ! Mason ? - No , it 's general Lord Hall . No time for pleasantries , Albert . You must stop Graham . But I can 't see , sir . - Look ... Graham is a soldier of the old school . All the war in his genetic programming is left him all twisted . He will kill both of you and Mason . - Tell me what to do , sir ? Right . Go to the corner of the room , where your rifle is , remember ? And hurry Albert . He is coming . Hurry , Albert he is outside . Quickly , Albert ! Now , shoot , damn it , shoot now ! Argh ! Hello ? Albert ! Oh my God ! Mason ... I didn 't know ! You have to get to Omega core . It 's the catalyst for the psychotropic weapons . If you do that , this madness will be over . I 'm so sorry . Graham , Graham was gonna kill us . - It 's fine , I forgive you . I didn 't know , Mason ... - Just get to the core . I 'm so sorry ... - Albert , listen to me , get to the core , now ! Oh , God . Stop there , Graham . It 's far enough . We are under attack of weapons which are sending us all mad . You are not in control of your own mind . Jesus wept ... A man can not call himself a man ... A man can not call himself a man ... I 'm sorry , Albert . Argh ! " I just wanted to see my girlfriend again . - I couldn 't save them " " I only did what i was told . - Didn 't wanted to be like this . " " I wish i just quit . - I wanted to die for a King . - Why me ? " " I have no choice . - ... destroy . " That 's the problem with you . You always play for win . Oh , what else you expect me to do ? - Some things just aren 't worth winning . So , you are saying aren 't worth playing either ? - No , we all play our part . Not given a choice in that much . I am just saying that sometimes things we do as individuals can outlive the victories of armies and ideologies of empires . Seems like you and I are playing different games . - Perhaps . Another ? - Yeah . One more before bed time . Same price ? - Yes . But take it easy on him , alright ?
