 Claire : Previously ... We were in scotland on our second honeymoon . I wanted it to be a dream , but I knew it wasn 't . I was no longer in the 20th century . It was like landing on an alien world You 'd only glimpsed through a telescope . Are you following me ? I am but dougal 's eyes , no his heid . I suspect you may be an english spy . My name is geillis duncan . I hope I 'll see you tonight at the hall . ( speaking other language ) He 's offering to take the girl 's punishment . ( grunts ) You need not be scared of me nor anyone else here As long as I 'm with ye . You will remain here as my guest . You mean as your prisoner , don 't you ? Only if you try to leave . ( door thuds ) ( latch clicks ) ( folk music playing ) ( steam whistle blows ) I contacted colonel halligan . He said it might be a week before he can issue a new set of orders . Frank , I don 't feel it 's right to use your connections . What of these men , they 've no one to change their orders . I don 't understand why you would want to even ... What I want is my husband at home with me . But I can 't have that right now . And if people use the system to their own benefit , Then we might as well just give up the ship And start speaking german . Please , listen to reason , if not your husband . Darling , It will be all right . I 'll be all right . I 'm sure of it . You have to trust me on this . Woe betide the man that stands between you And what you set your mind upon . And damned if that stubbornness Isn 't what I find so attractive about you . ( whistle blows ) Conductor : All aboard ! ( conductor continues indistinctly ) All aboard ! As they say , that 's my cue . This is backwards . I should be the one leaving for the front lines . Welcome to the 20th century . Please , don 't take any unnecessary risks I won 't . I love you . ( steam hisses ) Claire beauchamp randall , Promise that you 'll return to me . I will , frank randall . I promise . ( train whistle blows ) ( gasps ) Mrs. Fitz : Bloody hell . Aye , a bit brisk ? Keeps you clearheaded and strong though . I really can wash and dress myself , you know . Oh , I don 't mind helping you . Such beautiful skin you have . I 've never seen a woman past eight or nine With skin so unmarked by injury or illness . Your next husband will be a lucky man . What 's wrong ? ( speaking other language ) Mrs. Fitz , Can I tell you something ? Of course you can . It 's about my husband . He 's not dead . Have you run away from him ? Was he no a good man ? No , he 's wonderful . It 's just , well ... He hasn 't been born yet . I don 't understand your meaning . Mrs. Fitz , I seem to have Fallen through time . I was on my honeymoon in 1945 , 200 years from now . It was samhain , and I went to the stone circle At craigh na dun . Do you know it ? Aye . I 've heard strange tales . I touched the stone , and it ... The world just spun out of control , And the next thing I knew , I was here In 1743 . I 'm not an english spy . I 'm from the future . It 's a lot to take to mind . I can hardly believe it myself . I don 't even know if I can travel forward to my own time . I have to get back to the stones . Is it my help you 're asking ? Do you think the mackenzies would believe me If I told them the truth ? Perhaps . You 're fair of eye and honeyed of tongue , But I see you now for what you are . What ? Be gone , evil demon . I abjure thee ! No , mrs . Fitz ... I 'm a good christian woman ! I 'll not let you spell me . Mrs. Fitz , no ! Witch ! Witch ! ( gasps ) Mrs. Fitz : Oh , aye . Hundred of mackenzies will be turning up In the next few days for the gathering . Are you listening to me , child ? Sorry , what ? Gathering ? I 'm not familiar with that term . This where all the mackenzie men Throughout the highlands come and plight their oath To the clan and himself . Last one was decades ago when colum was made laird . I 'm fair glad you 're here to handle the physicking . I have enough to manage without dealing with folks ' ailments . You do well with that . Dougal and himself will not forget it . You 'll be in their good graces , make no mistake . Claire : If I could get in colum and dougal 's good graces , Perhaps I could win my release And begin to make my way back to frank . " for headache , " take ye one ball of horse dung . " it is to be carefully dried . " Medicine and caring for the people Of the clan mackenzie seemed the most logical way For me to earn their trust , But in order to do that without raising suspicion , I would have to find a way to apply 20th century medicine Using only the methods and equipment available in the 18th . " slaters . " ( yelps ) ( cup clatters ) Woodlice ! Jesus h . Roosevelt christ ! Claire : Alongside the jars of pigeons ' blood , ant eggs , And powdered human skull ... Whose , I wondered ... There were a number of herbs and extractions In beaton 's collection that might actually be helpful . ( coughs ) ( softly ) it 's okay . Now , wasn 't so bad , was it ? ( laughing ) Claire : My guards began to spend their time in the kitchen While I was seeing patients . I told myself this was a good sign , a sign of trust , A feeling they hopefully would share with dougal . Excuse me , gentlemen . I could use some help in the surgery . The discarded medicines need to be disposed of . What are you two drunkards still doing Taking up space in my kitchen ? If you 're not working here , be gone with ye . We 're just following orders Keeping an eye on this one . Oh , and has she been hiding at the bottom of your mug For the past two hours ? ( dish shatters ) ( gasps ) Oh , shona . Dinna fash yourself over this . Go on home now . Be with your other wee bairns . Carry on working . Who was that ? Colum 's chambermaid . Is she going to be all right ? Aye , in time . Her boy died last night , wee lindsay macneill . What happened ? Why did nobody come and get me ? Oh , miss , what ailed wee lindsay has no mortal cure . He went up to an eaghais dhubh , he did . Where ? The old ruins of the benedictine monastery . Folk hereabout call it the black kirk . You think somehow the ruins killed him ? It was not the ruins , you daft woman . It was the demons who roam free inside the ruins . Poor wee soul . Sickly boy on his best day . No match for old nick . The mackenzie requests your presence in his chambers , Mistress beauchamp . Have you never heard of a comb , you wee gomeril ? Aw , leave off , auntie . My nephew , tammas baxter . Lindsay macneill was like a brother to him . Mackenzie 's waiting . Right . The medicines are on the step . You can 't miss them . Claire : I wished I had the ability to treat colum . It would alleviate what I knew was a great deal of pain , And it would certainly make colum see me In a more favorable light . It 'll be a trifle longer than your standard frock coat . Well , you 're hardly standard , now , are you , my laird ? A one-of-a-kind coat for a one-of-a-kind man . I was told that you 're the finest Tailor in the highlands , Come fresh from edinburgh . Well , I thank you , my laird . My wife 's people are mackenzies , And I 'm always happy for a chance to bring her home . And did your wife 's people encourage you To mock your laird ? Mock ? Does not a man 's coat Usually fall just to the knee ? Yes . And did I ask you for anything different than that ? Well , no , not explicitly , but , um , I just thought ... That my legs should be hidden ? That I have something to be ashamed of ? I would never presume . My laird ... Please . You make me a standard frock coat And have it back to me by tomorrow . Of course , my laird . Thank you , my laird . Thank you . ( door closes ) Do you sew as well as physick , mistress beauchamp ? Only flesh , which makes a rather poor garment , I 'm afraid . ( chuckles ) Just as well , I called you here on another matter . Davy beaton ... He used to massage me . It made movement easier . I hoped you would do the same . Of course . ( groans ) What 's wrong ? Do you find my legs as repellent As the tailor does ? No , it 's just ... Well , I believe it 'd be more beneficial If rather than your legs , I massaged the base of your spine . Mmm . Don 't tell me my arse offends you too . Moist heat is usually quite soothing after a massage . Is there any water for boiling or some clean cloth ? No . Mrs. Macneill , my chambermaid , She lost her son last night . She hasn 't been in this morning . I was very sorry to hear about her boy . Aye . It 's satan 's work . The foolish child ... He went up to the black kirk . Sometimes I wonder What I did to make the devil Punish me like this . What , you don 't have demons in oxfordshire , mistress ? We do , But we call them scots . ( chuckles ) ( grunts ) Sorry , did I hurt you ? ( softly ) no , no . On the contrary . You 're easing the pain considerably . Gwyllyn the bard , He 'll be singing in the hall tonight Before the gathering . I 'd like you to come along as my guest . Thank you . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) My brother looks very well tonight . He says it 's down to you and your healing touch . I 'm glad I could be of service . Aye . Seems that the feral cat we picked up on the road Is trying to pull in her claws . What a charming description . Hmm . If you 'll excuse me , I believe I 'll have a better view from over there . Hello . We 've not been properly introduced . I 'm claire beauchamp . Laoghaire mackenzie . Cuts quite the fine figure , mr . Mactavish . Aye . But it 's not me he fancies . Well , men rarely know what 's best for them . That 's what us women are for . Laoghaire . Mrs. Beauchamp . Mr. Mactavish . I was just telling miss mackenzie How beautiful she looked tonight . Aye . Aye , she 's bonny . ( harp music playing ) ( singing in other language ) I don 't understand a word , But it 's so beautiful . Has gwyllyn been at the castle long ? Aye . Many years . I spent a year at leoch when I was 16 or so . Gwyllyn was here then . Colum pays him well . Has to . The welshman would be welcome at any laird 's hearth . I remember when you were here before . Mmm , do you ? You canna been much more than seven or eight yourself . I doubt I was much to see then so as to be remembered . Well , I do remember , though . You were so , I mean , do you not remember me from then ? No . No , I dinna think so . Still , I wouldna even be likely to . A young birkie of 16 's too taken up With his own grand self to pay much heed To what he thinks are naught But a rabble of snot-nosed bairns . ( light whack ) ( singing different song ) Mmm . Colum 's rhenish , is it ? It 's very good . Hmm . I 've had two ... Three glasses . You can have the rest if you like . Most folks who drink with colum Are under the table after the second glass . Are you implying that I 'm intoxicated ? I 'd be impressed if you weren 't . ( applause ) This dressing 's been chafing me for days . Would you mind helping me with it ? Now ? Well ... ( clears throat ) yes , of course . Take that back , will you , lass ? ( flute music playing ) All right , so let 's have a look at that shoulder . Uh , I dinna need your help . Hmm ? I just thought I should see you back to surgery While you could still walk upright . ( giggles ) oh . Thank you . I suppose I did overindulge slightly . I should have known , though . If it was really uncomfortable , I imagine You would have just ripped off the bandages yourself . Oh , I was afraid to . Thought I 'd get my arse skelped if I touched it . Too right . I am the healer , after all . I 'm in charge . Never doubted it . ( chuckles ) Really , though , if it was bothering you , You should have told me . I would have taken it off for you the other day at the stables . No . I couldna do that before alec . Scars . You don 't want alec to know you 've been flogged ? No . No . Old alec knows I 've been flogged , But he 's not seen it . To know something like that is ... Well , it 's not the same as seeing it with your own eyes . It 's a bit personal , maybe , is what I mean . I think if alec were to see the scars , He couldna see me anymore without thinking of my back . You don 't mind me seeing your back ? I don 't . You seem to have a knack for letting me know You feel sorry for it Without making me feel pitiful about it . Anyway ... I should go . Wait . Let me have a look at that . It 's scabbed over nicely . There 's no drainage . Take those bandages off in a few days . As you say . Good night , mr . Mactavish . Good night , mistress beauchamp . ( sighs ) ( birds chirping ) Do you never sit down , woman ? My breakfast 's barely past my gullet . Walking is good for digestion . ( sighs ) Claire . Ah , I 'm so glad you could join me . Wouldn 't have missed it . This just keeps getting worse . Got stuck walking with that pompous windbag father bain . He plans to perform an exorcism on the baxter boy . ( gasps ) hawthorn berries . You rarely see these so late in season . Did you just say " exorcism ? " Apparently tammas baxter went to the black kirk With wee lindsay macneill . Now the young fool is seized with the same evil . Do you want some ? No . What is it ? What 's wrong with you ? Well , the boy , tammas , he 's mrs . Fitz 's nephew . When you say " seized with evil , " what exactly do you mean ? Is he ill ? He 's not ill . He 's possessed . Do you not believe in demonic possession , claire ? Do you ? I believe there are powers beyond our ken ... Beyond what we can see and hear and touch . Demon , fairy , devil , doesn 't matter what name we put on them . But you believe in the powers of magic , Do you not ? Haven 't really thought much about it . Have you never found yourself in a situation That has no earthly explanation ? You have to admit it 's certainly possible The boy 's actually sick and not possessed . And if that 's the case , then perhaps there 's something You and I can do to help . People believe the boy is possessed , claire . You challenge that at your peril . I 'll not go near him , and neither should you . Angus : Where are we goin ' ? Hey ! Hey , where you goin ' ? Colum will not like you interfering With the workings of the spirits . It 's not your place . I thought that might change your mind . A priest once told me my healing skills Were a gift from god . ( groans ) My sister has gone to fetch father bain . Why is he tied ? In case he gets violent . ( gasping ) the demons , you ken . Shh . Tammas , tammas , I 'm here to help . Are his symptoms similar to that of the other boy ? Mrs. Fitz : Aye , much the same . Wee lindsay was weak to begin with , So the devil took him much faster . Claire : No fever , Which meant it probably wasn 't an infection . Are any of the others ill ? No , all right as rain . His heart rate was slow and pupils pinpoints , A sign of poisoning . Tammas ? Tammas ? What have you eaten recently ? ( groans ) mrs . Fitz : He 's taken nothing But a bit of broth in the last day , And most of that he brought back up again . ( weakly ) nay , don 't come near me . He sees the demons even now . It 's all right . He 's just hallucinating . It 's another symptom . Give me something to cut these ropes . No , miss . I wouldna do that . ( door opens ) I should say not . What are you doing , glenna ? Letting a stranger in at a time like this ? Mistress beauchamp is a healer and a good one . She may be able to help . ( speaking other language ) Mrs. Baxter , he needs to be unbound and fresh air let in . ( speaking other language ) I believe I can ease his suffering . Just give me a chance . ( speaking other language ) Best make way now , lass . Let the father do his work . ( speaking other language ) ( all repeating ) ( speaking other language ) ( all repeating ) Angus : Did you feel a chill when you got near him ? A chill ? Well , they say You can feel old nick 's presence By the chill in the air . Sorry to disappoint , no . He must have been speaking in tongues , eh ? I 'm afraid not . Well , I heard tell That wee lindsay howled in five ... Lazy , fat bastard . Wait right here . Claire : I felt sure mrs . Fitz would let me examine the boy After the good father finished his incantation . But even if I could figure out what was wrong with him , I might not be able to do anything about it With the limited resources at hand . ( girl giggling ) Good , very good . You ken how to obey a man 's orders for once . Move . ( indistinct conversations ) Your lip looks a little swollen , jamie . Did you get thumped by a horse ? Aye . Swung his head when I wasn 't looking . That 's too bad . Those fillies can be dangerous . Angus : Fillies ? Alec has you working the fillies now ? Angus : Hey ! What 's wrong with you ? Bit my tongue . Clumsy dolt . I best go see if alec wants anything else . Hey , if you 're teasing the lad about laoghaire ... If her father or colum comes to know about it , Young jamie could get more than a bloodied nose . Like a wife ? Maybe . That 's not the wife he should have . No ? No . He needs a woman , not a lassie . And laoghaire will be a girl until she 's 50 . I 've been around long enough to ken the difference very well , And so do you , mistress . Claire : I felt ashamed of the way I 'd teased jamie , And if I was being perfectly honest , I did it because I was jealous ... Not jealous of laoghaire ... Jealous of their intimacy . I missed my husband . ( sniffles ) Dougal : Mistress beauchamp . ( sniffling ) Mistress beauchamp , Are you all right ? ( sniffles ) yes , I 'm fine . Thank you . What can I do for you , mr . Mackenzie ? I thought you might like to visit geillis duncan , The fiscal 's wife , To restock yer shelves before the gathering . Yes . Yes , I would . I 'm going into the village tomorrow morning . I 'll take you with me to mistress duncan 's . Geillis : I 'd say you need to lay in A goodly amount of white willow bark . Eases a whiskey headache . ( chuckles ) So is this your doing , My sudden but very welcome visit here ? As I told you , There 's many things in this world We can 't explain . I heard you made a visit to the baxters ' after all . Yes , I got to see The delightful father bain at work . What a sight that was . Was the exorcism successful ? I don 't know . I left before it was over . I do know if tammas were my child , I wouldn 't leave him to the tender mercies of that man . Steer well clear of him , claire . There 's no mercy in his bible or his heart . He takes the view that every woman since eve Is a born temptress who should be beaten daily By her husband to keep evil at bay . ( sighs ) Sometimes I feel very much the stranger in a strange land . It can 't be easy ... Being a sassenach in the highlands ... Assuming that 's what you mean . ( mob yelling ) What on earth is going on down there ? Geillis : Huh . Lad was caught stealing , most like ... Usually is with the tanner 's lads . They 've brought him to arthur To dispense justice . If his breakfast had agreed with him this morning , Lad might have got off with a whipping . But since he 's most likely costive or flatulent , The lad will probably lose his hand . For stealing ? That 's appalling . ( footsteps approach ) ( man grunts ) ( moaning ) I need some peppermint , my dearest . ( moans ) I canna render judgment with a roiling gut . Ow . So you haven 't decided the fate of the boy yet ? Huh ? Eh ? This is claire beauchamp from up at the castle . Oh , yes . Yes , of course . Ah , thank you , my darling . Ah . ( stomach gurgling ) ( farting ) ah ! Oh , I believe it 's working already . ( farting continues ) ah , ah ... I don 't know what evidence there is against the boy , but surely ... He 's confessed , actually . Stole two bannocks from his employer . Father bain is arguing for taking his hand . Says it 's the only way to save his immortal soul . But he 's just a child . Surely you 're not going to mutilate him Just for stealing a loaf of bread . Oh , oh , away . Arthur ... Imagine ... If our own union had been blessed , Then how would you feel If your son were taken so ? Arthur : Oh . Surely it was but hunger That made the lad take to thievery . Aye . Aye . Can you not find it in your heart To be merciful , And you the soul of justice ? Oh , my sweet , tender heart . ( chuckles ) Since he 's confessed , I canna let him go , But perhaps One hour in the pillory And one ear nailed . Uh-huh ? It is you who are tenderhearted . ( farts ) oh ! I 've reached a decision , father bain . We seek only justice . There . Easily done . The man has no notion of guile . ( chuckles ) What does that mean , one ear nailed ? Nailed to what ? ( chuckles ) To the pillory , of course . ( mob yelling ) Better than losing a hand . ( yelling continues ) ( screaming ) Father bain : Now you 'll be absolved . Let 's get these herbs pounded and put them on to steep . Then we can go downstairs And have a nice glass of port And tell each other all our secrets . ( crowd laughing ) Geillis : You do puzzle me , claire . One would think you don 't have pillories or punishment Where you come from . It 's different there . Where , Oxfordshire ? Wouldn 't think things were so different . It 's not just oxfordshire . I had an unusual childhood . I was brought up in lots of places . Really ? Do tell . Fascinated to hear all about it . ( knock at door ) What is it ? In here . Mistress duncan . Mistress beauchamp . Mr. Mactavish . Dougal was called back to leoch . I 'm sent to fetch ye . Brought your cloak to keep you warm . Mistress beauchamp was just about to tell me Of her unusual upbringing . I 'm sure it 's a good story . Why don 't you have a glass of port and listen in ? More time , I would , but we should leave , Or we 'll get naught but scraps for our dinner . Thank you for your hospitality , geillis , And for these . We must do it again . Of course . Soon . How much longer do you think he 'll have to stay there ? He can leave anytime he wants . His hour is done . It 's just the lad 's not got up the courage To tear his ear from the nail . You mean he has to tear himself loose ? Aye . He 's still a bit nervous , But he 'll set his mind to it soon enough . Mr. Mactavish , your fingers , They 're quite strong , I suppose . Aye . Now then , novelli , Got yourself in a right swivet , have you no ? ( chuckles ) Yon 's no job to be making heavy weather of . A wee jouk of the head , and it 's over . Here , shall I help you ? No , no . ( moaning ) Ah ! ( grunts ) Away home . She 'll be all right , Just doesn 't like the sight of blood . Thank you . I know that was a risk . You wouldn 't expect me to be less bold Than a wee sassenach lassie , now , would you ? Would you be willing to risk helping me again ? Do you know the black kirk ? It 's so peaceful . It 's not at all what I expected . Well , they say satan 's clever . He 'd hardly catch many unsuspecting souls If he laid his traps in bogs and tunnels . Do you actually believe demons live in this place ? Hmm . Well , I know wee lindsay and tammas Are not the first boys to sicken or die after a visit up here . To tell the truth , visiting the black kirk And living to tell the tale is a way to prove your manhood . Did it myself , When I was a lad with no harm done , But my own cousin fell under the spell And was sick near a week . You think demons were responsible ? I 'm an educated man , mistress , If I may be so bold . Maybe not as educated as you , But I had a tutor , A good one . He taught me latin and greek and such , Not childhood stories of fairies , devils , Waterhorses in lochs . ( both chuckle ) But I am also a highlander , born and bred , And I dinna believe in tempting fate By making light of old nick in his very own kirkyard . So when you would come here as a boy to prove your manhood , What exactly would you do ? Not much . Caper about , mostly . Climb the walls . ( claire chuckles ) Maybe defy the devil by pissing on the stones . You might be lucky and find some berries Or wood garlic to eat . Wood garlic ? And you 'd eat it ? Aye . Can you show me ? Jamie : Oh , I didn 't like the taste of it , But some folks find it a treat . This isn 't wood garlic . It 's convallaria majalis , lily of the valley . Lily of the valley ? Huh . I never heard of it . That 's because it 's not native to scotland . ( sighs ) The monks that built this place , Were they from germany by chance ? Germany ? Prussia , I mean . Aye . Of course . ( father bain speaking other language ) Mrs. Fitz : Mistress , The poor bairn is nearly gone . Satan has claimed his body . Father bain can only hope to save his immortal soul . I think I can save his life . I think lindsay and tammas ate this . This is lily of the valley , but it looks Exactly the same as wood garlic ... But this is poisonous . I can give tammas something to counteract the poison , But we have to move quickly . What blasphemy is this ? Father , I mean no blasphemy . I simply ... I am the lord 's disciple ! You are not ordained to drive away the demon . Now , leave this house this instant . The boy 's problem is poison , not a demon . And if you don 't let me tend to him , he will die . Let her pass , father . I will not be ordered about by a woman . This boy is a slave to satan And must be purged Or have his soul doomed to eternal damnation . This Is my sister 's house , And my father 's before that , And we 'll decide what is done under its roof . Tend to the boy . I smell the vapors of hell on you . It 's a decoction of belladonna . Claire : If the decoction worked , It would normalize his heart rate , Lower his blood pressure , And bring him back to consciousness within moments . If I was wrong about the dosage or the original poison , It would cause convulsions And kill the boy almost as quickly . ( groaning ) ( crying ) Tammas . Ma . Oh , my boy ! Oh , he 's come back to me . It 's a miracle . It 's a miracle , father . God bless you , mistress . Satan may like to make a fool of god , But god will have the last word . I promise you that . I truly believe father bain would have preferred That boy die than me save him . Aye . I don 't doubt that . A man 's beliefs are how he makes sense of life , And if you take that away , what do you have left ? Is it so different where you come from ? In that regard , I suppose not . Well , if it makes you feel better , Mrs. Fitz now calls you ... ( speaking other language ) The miracle worker . ( scoffs ) good lord . ( sighs ) at the very least , I hope I 've earned a measure of trust from colum . Aye . He 's taking credit for bringing you on as healer To the mackenzies . I doubt he 'll want to see you leave anytime soon . ( sighs ) I 'll never get out of here . Claire : I almost stayed in my room . I had no desire to see that mixture Of awe and suspicion that seemed to follow me everywhere now . It only heightened the feeling of hopelessness About my situation that had come crashing down on me . I had performed what has been called a miracle , But instead of buying me my release , It had tightened my bonds to this place . And even if I did get away , get back to the stones , I had no guarantee it would work again , Whatever it was . And if it did work , There was no guarantee that I would get back home . Couldn 't I just as easily be hurtled back in time Yet again to the middle ages or even the roman occupation ? What finally brought me out of my room Was the oblivion promised by colum 's rhenish . Over here . You dinna see me waving ? Nearly reinjured my arm . Stay low and quiet , or they 're likely to stone us . ( audience muttering ) ( singing in other language ) Now this one is about a man out late On a fairy hill On the eve of samhain Who hears the sound of a woman singing sad and plaintive From the very rocks of the hill . " I am a woman of balnain . " the folk have stolen me over again , " the stones seemed to say . " I stood upon the hill , and wind did rise , " and the sound of thunder rolled across the land . " I placed my hands upon the tallest stone " and traveled to a far , distant land " where I lived for a time among strangers " who became lovers and friends . " but one day , I saw the moon came out " and the wind rose once more . " so I touched the stones " and traveled back to my own land " and took up again with the man " I had left behind . " ( applause ) She came back through the stones ? Aye , she did . They always do . Claire : It was a folktale , Madness to take as fact , And yet half of what gwyllyn had described Had actually happened to me . Why not the other half , The part where the woman returned home ? What had geillis said ? As I told you , There 's many things in this world we can 't explain . Claire : My heart suddenly lightened , And I knew in that moment I could no longer wait for permission or assistance . I must escape castle leoch And get back to the stones as soon as possible Or die trying .
