 Edited by : Akoer Lah Emperor Jiles has recalled his most powerful ambassador , Lord Siege , .. ... who is on his way to the Skenvi home world of Zarra ... Lord Siege , .. - ... the Emperor is awaiting your arrival at the palace . - I know he is , Major . What are his wishes ? Republic warship approaching . Lord Siege has entered the Imperial command center . Imperial war destroyer lost . Our next acquisition , your Majesty ? I realise that this meeting connotate to war effort in your mind , Siege , .. ... but I haven 't called you here with that in mind . I trust you to see things through many perspectives in a situation as crucial as this . - War can be won through many means . - Such as diplomacy ? So you 've heard . No doubt you see the obvious in a diversion like this , .. ... even though I haven 't shared any information with you yet . - I assume that you know of the planet of Coreign ? - Naturally Sire . It is a planet ruled by a well liked monarch . Coreign has always praised peace and democracy , but strength is quite clearly not in their ... open vocabulary . I 've heard rumors that the Republic will be negotiating with them for a treaty of annexation . And you were thinking of beating them to it ? I take it that the ore is what spawned this new found interest for this particular planet ? That ore is regenerative , unique in it 's kind . The Republic believe that obtaining the ore is what will tip the scales in their favour . And , innocent as they are , they will no doubt send Jedi representatives to charm the King and Queeninto signing a treaty with them . - Jedi ? - Of course . I don 't have the benefit of sending such charming people into their embrace , but I certainly do have the capacity of sending a warrior with a white flag . I would like you to go and press the issue for us . - I 'm growing tired of King Juster 's stalling . - When do i leave ? Immediately . We don 't want anything stopping us from achieving this goal . Very well Your Majesty . I will take my leave . Sorry . I know , i lectured you quite a bit there , Raven . But despite your errors you actually performed quite well . - You 've proven that you can handle yourself in a dogfight . - Thank you , Master Soran . If you continue doing this well , it won 't be much longer until you 're ready for the Trials . Raven ... Raven ... Your future lies with me . Your future lies with me . Raven , are you okay ? You look a bit dazed . - I 'm fine , Seth . - Good , because Soran wants to see you in the Council Chamber . Ok , thanks . The council has called you here to present you with an assignment . Recently , the Republic has approached the planet of Coreign with an offer of annexation . Unfortunately , the Skenvi Empire has also approached Coreign with an offer of their own . They are more likely concerned with the planet 's resources , its unique ore , than they are with the people . The only reason that we are approaching Coreign now ... - ... is because of their ore . - Remember the stakes here . If the Skenvi were to gain exclusive rights to Coreign 's ore the Republic will be that much closer to losing this war . Don 't remind me . I 've been in the front lines . We 're barely holding our own as it is . May the Force be with you . Another mission , Master ? This is overkill . I must admit , i did feel something in the Force when were turned , hence my suggestion that you should get some rest . - But I was looking forward to continuing my studies . - You will still be able to . A firm grasp of diplomacy can often be a Jedi 's greatest asset . Having the strength and skill to win a fight is not nearly as important as being able to avoid one in the first place . Now , go pack your things , and we 'll leave as soon as you 're ready . You two boys must be the Jedi , I 'm transporting . The name 's Karus Kahn . I will be your pilot for this mission . I am Soran Darr . This is my apprentice , Raven Darkham . Nice to meet you both . If you 'll follow me , we can be on our way . You look beautiful today , Arianna . - You say that every day , mother . - It 's because you look beautiful every day . Is something wrong , dear ? I 'm to be Queen of Coreign . I 'm to marry a handsome young man from one of the noble Houses . It isn 't that I don 't like this life ; I do . I mean , everything about my future is already decided for me . You want to be something beyond what you were given . I know the feeling . I never wanted to marry your father . I had it set in my mind that I would falling love with a man , and then marry him , .. ... regardless of what my parents wanted . - So your parents forced you to marry ? - No . They gave me all the time I needed to make my decision , and your father courted me for nearly a year . And in the end , I realized ... i hadn 't even given Juster a chance . Sometimes , Arianna , we grow to love the roles we are forced to . - Something else bothers you ? - Yes ... Do you know that feeling you get when ... - ... someone is watching you ? - Yes . Why ? The Ambassador from the Skenvi Empire is here to see you , My Lady . Maybe you should handle this matter , my dear . As a queen , you 'll have to deal with such people , whether you like them or not . And it might even irk his Lordship when he finds out that . I didn 't even take the time to see him . It will be alright . - I will see him in the Main Hall . - Of course . Welcome , Ambassador . I am Princess Arianna . - You asked for an audience ... - With the King and Queen , child . Are they otherwise occupied , or do my rank and status earn me nothing more ... - ... than calculated insults ? - My parents will be meeting Jedi Knights from the New Republic today to discuss Coreign joining the Republic , .. - ... and if that happens ... - Ah , the vaunted freedoms of the New Republic . I see that sovereignty , however , isn 't one of them . The Empire , on the other hand , encourages all profitable trade relationships , so long as our systems put ... - ... Skenvi interests first . - The Republic has our best interests at heart ... While as far as I can tell , the Skenvi are only ... - ... interested in our minerals . - You malign us , my lady . We fear for the health of your economy . The Republic is small , and simply cannot provide you with the market you require . The Empire can , .. ... but if you join the Republic , and you are forced to embargo us , the consequences for your people will be disastrous . But of course , I have faith that your family will make the wiser choice . After all , the King and Queen do have the best interests of the people at heart . Your skills with the saber are progressing quite well . We are coming up on Coreign . We 'll be leaving hyperspace in a few seconds . Master , now that I am done my studies . I wish to discuss something with you . I had a dream earlier . It was clear , vivid , ... - ... not like my other dreams ... - A vision ? Maybe . I don 't know . A Jedi must always be mindful of his dreams , Raven . Especially when they 're out of the ordinary . Consider what you saw , meditate on it . We will discuss this when we settle in on Coreign . Coreign Air Traffic Control , this is the light freighter Star Stream , requesting permission to land . I am carrying the Republic ambassadors . Ambassador . I am Captain Turvo of the Royal Guard . My men and I will escort you to the palace . I hear the King and Queen are well loved by the people . They are indeed . I 'm afraid you won 't be meeting with them right away , however . - No ? - No . They will be available for an audience later today . But they have requested that you first meet with their daughter , the Princess Arianna . Well of course . A future Queen will no doubt need to practice her skills of diplomacy . Follow me , young Jedi . The Princess is in the Throne Room . You must be the Jedi I am meeting with . I am ... - ... Princess Arianna . - My my name is Raven Darkham . - You 're so nervous . - I must admit , I 've never met a princess before . I too have a confession . I 've never met a Jedi Knight before . Actually My Lady , you still haven 't . I 'm not quite a Jedi Knight yet . I 'm ... - ... only a student . - If you are a student , then where is your master ? He is around some place . He trusted me to handle the matter alone . You may come sit next to me , Raven Darkham . Don 't worry . My parents will not mind us using their seats . So what exactly does a Jedi do ? We 're peacekeepers and ambassadors ... - They seem to get along well . - Yes , I must say . I 'm gratified to find that the Republic deems us important enough to send two Jedi as ambassadors . - Every system is important to the Republic . - But some more than most , no ? What would the Republic say if we were to join the Skenvi instead , .. ... and deny you access to our ore ? If you want to join the Skenvi Empire , it 's your right to do so . If I would like to take a stroll out of that window , it 's also my right . A fine assessment of the situation . You 're in the fleet as well ? What can I say ? We Jedi are ... versatile . Not to mention insufferably self-centered . And here I was trying to discuss important affairs with you . Very well , then . Why does Coreign wish to join with the Republic ? There are rumors of an invasion if we do not cooperate . The Republic would be able to defend us , as we do not have the forces nor the resources to defend ourselves . Plus , it 's good to have a Jedi on our side . I guess that concludes our business . I will relay your answers ... - ... to the Senate . - Thank you . And now with the business out of the way , would you like to see the Royal Gardens ? I am retiring there now and would love for a Jedi to accompany me . Lead the way , My Lady . And this is where I like to practicemy fencing . What 's so funny ? I 'm sorry but , I just can 't imagine a princess fencing ! Would you like to see ? Would you like to have ... - ... a friendly duel ? - I accept . Young love . Touching , isn 't it ? Do you know , your Grace , what Jedi philosophy says ... - ... about attachments ? - Perhaps you could enlighten us , .. - ... Lord Siege . - It says that a Jedi must for sake all attachments , that he may better serve the Force . That is why candidates for their Academy are taken at such a young age , .. ... and why they are forbidden to love . And yet the Jedi Master throws his apprentice head long into your romantic trap , knowing full well what the outcome will be . Perhaps , your Grace , it would do you well to remember this , as a lesson . - A lesson about what ? - The quickest judgment about a man may often prove to be the far thest from the truth . I think my judgments about you and the Skenvi Empire is quite sound . Here ! It 's a bit different than a light saber , .. ... but it 'll do . - Are you ready ? - As ready as I 've ever been , Princess . Remember , don 't hold back . I see you 're learning . If you think spouting platitudes .. But if I were you , I would look carefully ... - ... at my new allies . - Which is why the Coreign will never join the Skenvi . No less than I expected . When the end comes , .. ... your Grace , you may reconsider your words , although it will be far too late . - Are you threatening us ? - When Skenvi warships occupy your orbitals , when your cities are a wash in flame , when you find yourself a king over nothing but ashes and memories , perhaps you will look back and wish that you had chosen a position of strength over one of weakness . Coreign is merely an objectivein this war , a resource to be fought over . Strip away the self-righteous web of lies , .. ... and you will find that the Republic feels much the same way . And what of you when you become a burden to your new allies , your new friends ? Coreign is weak , .. ... and in this galaxy , your Grace , weakness invites betrayal . You 're really good . That was quite the show . You 're very talented , Princess . I 'm sure Soran and his student are exhausted from their trip here and could use some bit of a rest . Arianna , would you be so kind to show them ... - ... to the Guest Rooms ? - Certainly , Father . If you 'll follow me , gentlemen . Princess , your parents say that you are very perceptive towards others ' feelings . Do you often have strong emotions towards others only by their presence , or perhaps know that they 're nearby ... - ... before you can hear or see them ? - All the time . Mother says it 's a gift that I have been blessed with . Here is your room , gentlemen . Take as long as you need to rest . My parents will meet with you after wards , to finalize the negotiations . Your hospitality is much appreciated . - Rest well . - I will . - The Force is strong in her . - I know . I felt it when we were fencing . But it 's too late for her to begin the training . The Council has made exceptions in the past . I 'll speak to Master Joran Korn when we return . You 've fallen for the boy , haven 't you ? I 'm happy for you , but there is one thing you must know . The Jedi ... members of the Order are not allowed to get involved , romantically , at all . Maybe it 's better if you don 't attend the finalizing of the negotiations . Your father and I can handle it on our own . My dear , forget about him . Falaish ! Could you please go and remind my wife about the meeting ? She was last headed ... - ... toward the Princess quarters . - Certainly , your Grace . Raven , how about you accompany her . You won 't be missing much here . Certainly , master . Stay here . Go and get my master ! The Queen is dead and the Princess is missing ! - Raven , stop ! - Why ? We don 't have time for this ! There ! Stop right there . Jedi scum ! Don 't touch the princess . I know your tricks . Sith . You and your outdated Jedi Order , know nothing ! Time 's up ! Master ! Arianna has always been strong . So if anyone could survive this , it 's her . We will do what we can to return her safely . But your Grace , please , do not let this interfere with the negotiations . You have received the demands of the Skenvi Empire , .. ... but please ... do not listen . We will get ... - ... your daughter back . - I swear we will return her . And kill the man that did this . The man you are seeking is named Lord Siege . He is an ambassador of the Skenvi Empire . I wish both of you the best of luck . And please bring my daughter back safely . She is all I have now . Come on . And what 's more , we confronted him on Coreign , .. ... and found out that he is schooled in the ways of the Force . Alone Dark Jedi , if we are lucky . - But you don 't believe so ? - No . He disguised himself A lone Dark Jedi , if we are lucky . - But you don 't believe so ? - No . He disguised himself too well , fought too masterfully . - He 's a Sith . - This is dire news , indeed . I will discuss this with the Council , but you must do everything that you can to find out more about this man . Pursue him , rescue the princess , .. ... if she is not sold or dead already . But above all else , be careful . You might be in more danger than you realise . - What else is troubling you ? - It 's Raven . He has become ... emotionally attached . Watch him then . Closely . His involvement with her can be dealt with later . For now , you must make sure that this quest of yours does not become an instrument of vengeance ... - ... for him . - I agree . - Contact me when you know more . - I will . Chancellor Dorren , what can I do for you ? The Coreign queen has been murdered , and her daughter kidnapped by the Skenvi ambassador Lord Siege . I hold your Order responsible for this disaster . - Chancellor Dorren ... - And I have ordered a naval task force to search for the princess and bring her back to her father . Your Jedi are to remain at Coreign and leave this to the Republic . Please , can we gag her again ? Her screaming is enough to give even womp rats a headache . Not yet . I 'd like to have a few words with the princess first . I see that breaking you will take more than just physical pain . The Force can do terrible things to both mind and flesh . Twist you in ways you never thought possible . But for now I will leave you with the threat of such agony . Tell me , Princess : If I were to disable the binds and free you , .. - ... what would you do ? - I would kill you . Such violence ... such hate . What if I told you that you can do that without even lifting a finger ? Kill me while still bound to that chair ? You , Princess , are strong in the Force . Very strong . With sufficient training , even I would be hard-pressed ... - ... to match you . - Is that what you want ? - To turn me into a Sith ? - In time , yes . But I think you will find your alternatives rather limited in that regard . Not even your precious Jedi friends can ... - ... save you now . - Liar ! Raven will ... And when he does , we shall truly test the bounds ... - ... of your resistance . - What are you talking about ? How do you think it will feel , .. ... to watch as I break him ? To stand witness as I peel away , one by one , all the layers of his sanity , and leave him a gibbering shell ... - ... of what he once was . - No , you don 't touch him ! What if I were to turn him instead of you ? You 've already suffered my betrayal , and the consequent death of your mother . But can you suffer his ? Can you endure treachery from the one you love the most ? You may gag her now , Sha 'Tilk . When the time comes , I shall have all of my enemies sitting in the palm of my hand . When the time comes , I shall have all of my enemies sitting in the palm of my hand . Why do you still haunt me , Tasia ? I 'm no longer the man you knew . That 's the ship you 're tracking . The navi computer is 90 % positive this is where they 're headed , judging by their trajectory . A space station ? In what system ? It seems our boy is taking the Princess to Emperta . It 's a space station that operates within the black market . More specifically , with slave dealing . We have to get there right away ! Thank you , Karus . Stay on course . Sure thing . You shouldn 't worry . It clouds and ... - ... distracts the mind . - I 've tried burying these feelings , but ... - They 're over powering me . - Then I think you should sit ... - ... this mission out . - I will not stand by and watch ! I am sorry , master . I did not mean to shout . Raven , I fear for you . Your feeling toward this girl has clouded your judgment . Your only concern should be about what helps bring Coreign into the Republic . But you are turning it into a personal quest for revenge . You fear for the girl , and you 're angry at our inability to immediately rescue her . You hate Lord Siege for what he 's doing to her , to you ! You hate him with a passion that ... - ... threatens to consume you . - I 've heard this all before . Is wanting justice for what he 's done going to lead ... - ... to the Dark Side ? - This is not justice that you want ! It 's vengeance ! And there 's a difference ! You are an exceptional student , Raven . You have come a long way since I took you as my Padawan . But it still seems like you haven 't understand any of it ! Gentlemen . We 'll be coming out of hyperspace shortly . We will continue this discussion later . Welcome to Emperta , Master Jedi . You won 't find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy . This side of Hutt Space , at least . Emperta Station , this is the light freighter Star Stream requesting permission to dock . Welcome to Emperta . We hope you will enjoy your stay . I meant what I said earlier , Raven . If you get identified , .. ... you will endanger Arianna 's life . The thing is , I will also decline . Our faces are much too familiar , you see . You on the other hand , are a complete stranger on Emperta . You 'll blend in with the depraved scum just as a regular resident . If - and I say if - they try to market the princess as a slave , this will roughly satisfy the coffers of the usual slave trader . I will return with the Princess . - I promise . - Try not to draw to much attention to yourself . And Karus , be careful . - What 's your pleasure , Sir ? - I 'll have a Tipsy Drink . And a slave sale advisor whenever one 's available . A slave sale advisor ? I think you got the wrong place , Sir . That 's really too bad . I just love the smell of a distraught young lady encased in chains . Don 't you ? Hallo , good sir . There 's a sale and you 're invited . He 's got good stuff . Good stuff . Take this ! Still good FK-9 ... FK-89 . Works without a body ! - Now , what do you think ? - I don 't want ... - ... a protocol droid . - Everyone needs one . - Will it get you off my back ? - Yes . Nine republic credits . The advisor receives you now . - What is it that you are looking for ? - Something specific . I 've got business interests that pay me good credits , as long as they sate certain ... urges . Female , definitely . - Attractive . - You and the Hutts both , my friend . Where did a simple smuggler like you , get a currency like this , if you don 't mind me asking ? Let 's just say that I 've done some people a few favors . And I do mind . I don 't have a lot of girls that 's worth this kind of credits . How can I be sure you won 't get me into trouble ? I ... guess you have to trust me . Follow me . Are any of them to your liking ? Not bad , but not the right age I 'm looking for . Meet me back at the diner later . We 've been looking for you , Karus Kahn . I don 't owe your boss anything . Not you , human . But you know who does . Yeah . And you can find her yourself . So little concern for your sister ? That 's ... sad . She had a contract . Debts to pay . Debts that aren 't mine . You may not value family , human , .. - ... but she does . - Okay , okay , we 'd only be ... No need to be violent about it , I 'll come quietly . You 're coming with us ! We would so hate to harm you , .. ... but our Lord did not specify in what condition he wanted you . As I said , not my debt . It is now . - Yes , Karus ? - Soran , .. ... things aren 't going so smoothly out here . I 'm sure she 's up on this slave auction platform . It 's horrible , I know . We can only hope . With the greatest respect ... this makes no sense , My Lord . You put the Coregin princess up on a Slave auction . What if she slipped out of our hands ? KNEEL ! The auction itself was fixed . I use her .. ... to get the Jedi to come to me . Get him out of here . Next time , i won 't be so lenient . This is Sha 'Tilk . She has what you are looking for . - And what , precisely , is that ? - An unbroken slave girl . Go look else where , then . The girl i have is ... special . - Bother someone else . - And by " special " you mean expensive ? - Never touch me again ! - Why is her " special " ? The girl 's a force-sensitive . Then price is no object . I have customers who would sell their own children for someone like that . Is she attractive ? Young , but ... - ... not a child ? - All of that and more . So you 're interested ? Practically drooling . Meet me at Port 12 in half an hour . I 'll have the girl waiting . I 've located the Princess . I 'm meeting with the Skenvi in half an hour for pick up and payment . Be careful . Lord Siege will be nearby . And if he discovers your true thoughts and intentions , .. - ... then it 's all over . - I 'll do my best . - This the girl ? - Yes . Oh that 's electrical binds . She 's not exactly the smartest . Kept trying to escape . - How much ? - Fifty thousand . I didn 't pay half that much for my first ship . - Fifteen . - The girl 's a ... Force user . You can find a heap of scrap like most of the ships docked virtually anywhere . - Forty . - An untrained Force user . - Twenty-five . - If she was trained , we both would be dead by now . Give me thirty thousand credits , and that 's my final offer . I can deal with that . I 'll take her . Good doing business with you . He 's bought the Princess . I 'm monitoring their position ... .. with the tracking device , implanted on her . Good . Alert me when he reaches docking bay . Princess Arianna , my name is Karus Kahn . I 'm accompanied by the Jedis , and I 'm here to rescue you . - Sir , they 're in Docking Port 61 . - Perfect . Lock down all ... - ... ships in that docking bay immediately . - Yes my Lord . Now we got them . Sir , I see them ! Stop right there ! - Squad 5 , follow me . Squad 4 to hangar bay 61 . - Yes , Sir . Stop , you 're under- - Come on ! Hurry up , princess ! 5 What are your orders , Sir ? Stop them before they take off ! Open fire ! Sir , they are fleeing from sector 14 . Defense system activated . Charge 80 % . 90 % . Cannons ready . Fire . Target escaped , threat level zero . You 've fallen for the boy , haven 't you ? Members of the Order are not allowed to get involved , romantically , at all . My dear , forget about him . Save me ... Are you okay ? - It stings a little . - You just have to learn to detach yourself from it . When you can ignore the pain it all seems to go away . I can 't imagine a Jedi like you acting as childish as me over such ... - ... a small thing . - Jedi have years of training to ignore pain . But just between you and me , even a simple cut can drive the strongest of Jedi insane at times . Your parents must be so proud of you . Actually , they don 't know much about me . I was taken from my home planet when i was three years old , to become a Jedi Knight . I haven 't seen my parents since i plan on going back to my home planet after I become a full Jedi Knight . I can 't imagine being away from my parents for that long . That monster ... he murdered my mother . He tortured me . He said he would ... It 's alright . He 's gone . You 'll never have to see him again . Never again ... No . He 's coming . What was that ? ! Our friends are back , and they 're not too happy with us tricking them . Faster , we should be gaining on them ! Why haven 't we jumped to light speed ? I need to work on the coordinates a little bit more . - Can you lose him ? - Maybe . There 's an asteroid field up ahead . We can take cover there . Faster ! You can 't possibly escape , Jedi . Would you throw away the lives of the Princess and your smuggler friend just for a chance ... - ... to save yourself ? - You 'll never have the Princess , Sith . If you want her , you 'll have to get past me first ! Buckle yourselves in.7 This may get bumpy . Leave this to me ! What are you doing ? ! - Okay , let 's go to lightspeed . - Not quite yet . The boy again . Always the boy ... I got a feeling that you were piloting , Raven . That was ... what 's wrong ? Siege ... he 's dead . It 's all over and I never even saw him . Revenge is never as satisfying , as we believe it will be , Raven . You think it ends a conflict , settles a score , .. ... but in fact , it only internalizes it . Take my advice and forget about it . If you don 't , you will go on hating him in the dark corners of your mind , simply because he denied you ... - ... of your satisfaction . - Yes , master . I will try not to dwell on it . - Where 's Coreign ? - I don 't know . The ship just came out of hyperspace on its own . Seems we exited prematurely . We 're still a day away from the planet . That asteroid impact must have damaged the hyperdrive . - Is there anything you can do to fix it ? - Not until we reach Coreign . I don 't have the spare parts to fix this . You did what you could . We 'll simply have to wait . Coreign Air Traffic Control , this is the light freighter Star Stream . We have urgent business with the King , and we require docking space immediately . Coreign Air Traffic Control ? That 's odd . They aren 't responding . I 'll stay on the ship and wait . I doubt that I 'll fee too comfortable in a Palace , surrounded by royalty . But if you could ask the King about a new hyper drive , I 'd appreciate it . I 'll ask . Wait ! They don 't seem to want us dead . You won 't win this time ... - ... Siege . - Oh , but I already have . In a single blow , I have taken this planet right from the Republic 's grasp . When the King signs our treaty of annexation , the Republic will be powerless to act , and the Empire will have the advantage it needs to win this war . Which brings me to a ... point I 've been meaning to make for quite some time . Now that I have the King , I no longer need the Princess . - No ! - Raven , no ! Get her out of here ! Now ! I knew it . He just used a stun blaster . You 'll be okay . Land the ship , we have to help them ! - Land this piece of rusted junk ! - If we 're going to go back may I suggest we sneak in through the back of the palace ? Assuming the Royal Guards are still alive . - Land behind the Palace ! - Yes , My Lady . - Have you seen the new speeder , 0513 ? - Yes , I 've seen it . I heard it 's- - Crappy armor ... Take this . Come on , it 's justa round the corner ! - This may be a problem . - It 's the Princess . Get her ! - Get down ! - Don 't let her escape ! Where did he go ? Stop that Jedi ! My arm ! He 's attacking the captain ! Thermal detonator is active ! We got you now . You might need this . Arianna ! Seal the prisoners in the holding cells . Hey , watch it ! And so it ends , boy . Or perhaps ... so it begins . My Lord ! The ship is ready . I only want what is best for her . That 's why we 're making the request . The Council has discussed the matter . It would be an honor if ... Princess Arianna were to return to Yavin with us to begin her training as a Jedi . I sense your feelings . We cannot , and will not , force you to do this . But we do believe that it would be in both hers and the Republic 's best interest . My wife always had a feeling that Arianna was meant for greater things then the crown but I always passed it off as nonsense . You don 't have to make a decision just yet . If the Council believes that it is her destiny to become a great Jedi , who am I to deny it ? It 's her future , and if Arianna is up to the challenge , she has my full approval . When it comes time for me to step down , Arianna must return to take my place . Agreed . By the power invested in me , and on behalf of the Senate , I here by welcome the planet of Coreign to the New Republic . I hope it is everything you imagined it to be . It 's already far grander than I could have wished . Thanks to the Republic , my daughter is safe and the people of Coreign need not fear another era of tyranny . This concludes the ceremony . We wish the people of Coreign a glorious future but remind them that the present time is one of darkness . We must all stand fast . What will happenif my father agrees ... - ... to the Council 's request ? - You will be trained as a Jedi at the Yavin temple . With you ? With me . I promise , I 'll never let anything happen to you again . Ever . What 's wrong ? I thought ... - ... you wanted this . - I 'm a Jedi and soon , you will be one also . Arianna , I want you more than anything in the galaxy but you 're the one thing I can 't ever have . What if I lose you again ? Do you know what I would do to get you back ? But we don 't know what destiny has in store for us . Only time will tell .
