 There are greater forces at work here . Galan 's not calling the shots . It 's registered as a compounding pharmacy , If someone 's gonna weaponize a 2,000-year-old virus , they 're gonna need money , and a lab . You will give me the truth . He took my hands , Annie . What if he gave me up ? Then we 're dead . I need my ball ! What 's wrong with that lady ? - Hey . - You okay ? You sound terrible . No , I 'm good . - You still at the hospital ? - Yeah . I thought I should be here when he woke up . - And has he ? - No . They know what 's wrong with him ? No . They hope to know more once the tox screens are in . The Deputy director wants me to meet him in the office in an hour to discuss the situation . Well , that doesn 't sound good . You want me to be there ? Yeah . I think it 's time you two met . Yeah , sure . What the hell did they do to him , Tony ? We 'll find out . He 's gonna be okay . Oh , shit . Hey . Whoa , bro . You look like you had a late one . What 's up , man ? Look , I was just about to hit the shower . Uh-huh . What 'd you and your agent get up to last night ? Hmm ? You lay a little shrimp on that Barbie or what ? - Dude , stop . - What ? I 'm not the only one thinking it . Karen ? It 's not even like that . Not my business . My business is Tony Bravo Enterprises . How 'd it go with that sponsor last night ? Oh , yeah . - Yeah , no , that 's not gonna work . - All right . One door closes , another one opens . I didn 't want to say anything till all the ts were dotted , but ... Congratulations , bro . You are now the official spokesman for Dulces Sueños Mattress Stores . Proudly serving East L.A. since 1997 . - Dulces sueños ? - Sweet dreams . They want you as their new face . We 're talking newspapers , radio , and drumroll , por favor ... TV ! What 's the catch , Ricky ? No catch . I mean , the spot 's 95 % done . All you gotta do ... show up for , like , an hour today , so they can shoot you out . Today ? Yeah , yeah , that 's gonna be tough . Look , bro , I know it 's not Nike or Dos Equis , but you know what they say . Think global , act local . You don 't get more local than dulces . - All right , I 'll do it . - Yes ! - Yes , bro ! Oh-oh-oh ... - Hey , hey , listen . You got an hour and that 's it . You won 't be sorry , bro , all right ? 3 : 00 . I 'll text you the address , huh ? We 're in business ! Now , if you 'd have just called me , I might not have an agent in the hospital right now . Mr. Bravo . Yes , sir . It 's nice to finally meet you . They don 't teach you to knock before entering at D.E.A. ? Step out , please ... we 'll let you know when we 're ready for you . No . Stay . I asked him to be here . Suit yourself . Ms. Mason here was just enlightening me as to her decision-making process last night , such as it was . Noah 's life was in imminent danger . The severity of the situation was not yet apparent to you . You had time to consult me . When you put me in charge of this operation , you said that I could run it how I see fit . You deliberately withheld information from me . Well , now you know how it feels . There are people out there who may be plotting to unleash a virus that could devastate this country 's population . I cannot have you undermining my authority . Or do I need to worry about his rogue tendencies rubbing off on you ? - Look , if I could just interject ... - His rogue tendencies helped me save Noah 's life . Okay , look . What 's done is done . Maybe we should talk about how we move forward . There is no forward if he gave you up . But we don 't know that yet . Well , we would be naive not to assume it . What do you want us to do , walk away ? You have any suggestions ? The only real way we can know where we stand is if I go back to Galan like nothing 's changed . You walk in there today , and you may never walk out . So it 's no different than any other day for me . Okay , good luck . What are you doing here ? Just stopping by to see the boss . Is he in ? And what can I do for you , Tony ? Well , my mother wanted me to thank you for coming to the party last night and for your gift . - It was very generous , sir . - Oh , we had a lovely time . I would 've told you as much before we left last night , but you disappeared . - You missed all the fun . - Yeah . You know , you 'd think I 'd learn by now that Tequila and I don 't mix , but I got sick , and I passed out in my old room . Well , clearly you 're not drinking the right Tequila . So people have been telling me . You should go to practice . About that other thing ... You said he was questioning someone . What 'd you find out ? Yes . All that proved to be something of a disappointment , but nothing you should concern yourself with right now . All right . Well , you should let me know if I can do anything . Dude , what happened ? Oh , it 's nothing . It 's just Krav Maga , you know ? Gets a little rough sometimes . Yeah , well , you should get some tape on that . Yeah . ♪ ♪ You took an unnecessary risk bringing that up to Galan . You wanted to know what they did to Noah . - I was trying to find out . - It could 've come off suspicious . Would 've been suspicious if I didn 't bring it up . You 're on dangerous ground . I need you to be careful . If I didn 't know any better , I 'd say you were worried about me . Any change in Noah 's condition ? No . They 're still running tests ... we don 't know anything . Uh , we do know one thing : He didn 't leave the clinic without pissing on some territory . Adaptive Wellness . Noah got a tap on one of their computers . Data went to the cloud server with a time delay code in case something went wrong ; It 's streaming in now . Anything we can work with ? My team was able to create a system image of the hard drive . Some pretty tight file encryption . It could take us awhile to crack . The admin account , however , leads us to ... This woman . She 's the one that jumped me when we went to get Noah . Kilka Suratt . Before she worked for Adaptive , she was a surgical nurse working for a top cosmetic surgeon in Century City . Spun that into a private Botox service , making house calls to the rich and wrinkled . She lives in North Hollywood . Any registered weapons , Billie ? Um ... No . Let 's go . That doesn 't mean she doesn 't have any . What are you doing ? Research . Into what ? It 's best you leave this to me for the moment . That 's what you said about the medical supply salesman , and look how that turned out . Transmission will begin in one hour . Please make yourself available for administrator . What 's this ? What does he want ? We 'll know soon enough . Damn it . Problem ? I told my brother I 'd do this commercial today . Call time 's in two hours . Call time ? It 's movie talk . So how long have you been with Smith ? Worked on and off together since I started at the agency . Yeah , I don 't mean professionally . Excuse me ? Never mind . Wrong tree . I thought we were doing a better job of hiding it . Well , I happen to have unique powers of perception . That 's why you recruited me , remember ? That along with my lightning speed and rakish charm . - It 's not what it looks like . - What does it look like ? Like I got my job sleeping with the boss . I didn 't say that . Llewyn is the reason I got into this work . So what ? He recruited you ? I 'm not sure if he recruited me or I recruited him . Seven years ago , a terrorist attack on the U.S. embassy in Tunisia killed 24 Americans . I remember . One of them was my sister ... Sarah . I 'm sorry . Were you two close ? She was an idealist . Wanted to help make the world safe for democracy . So she joined the foreign service . She was only there a month . We had very different priorities . After business school , I went to work for a fortune 500 energy corporation . Which one ? The one that paid me the biggest signing bonus . Back then , I wanted all the shiny things the private sector had to offer . Thought that 's what life was all about . I went to Tunisia as soon as I heard . I had no idea what I was gonna do . I just knew that I had to be there . Used my corporate contacts to get a meeting with the Intelligence Official leading the U.S. investigation into the attack . Smith . I took a leave of absence to help with the investigation . We worked around the clock for hours , and ... We eventually found the people responsible for the bombing . And ? There was a drone strike . He let me watch . It was the most satisfying moment of my life ... And the moment my old life ended . Well , that 's good then . You got closure . I thought I did . So what do you want to do ? Post a perimeter detail ? Have them bring her in when she shows ? That 's one option . I like your style , Mason . House is clear . You okay ? Yeah . Nothing a little advil won 't fix . Let 's see if she has anything . You should check this out . Adaptive Wellness . Think it 's the virus ? I mean , they cleared out of that clinic pretty fast . They could stashing it here till they find somewhere better . Maybe . Hold this . Wait . What are you doing ? You should be careful with that . Yeah . Call in that detail . When she gets home , I want to know about it . ♪ Never gonna let you down ♪ ♪ Never gonna run around and desert you ♪ ♪ Never gonna make you cry , never gonna say good-bye ♪ ♪ Never gonna tell a lie ♪ Thank you for holding . This is Erica . Yes . I understand you are the case officer for a parolee named Agostino Montero . I own a brush clearing service , and I 'm trying to locate him for a job . How did I get his name ? We have a mutual friend . Kindly center yourself in front of your device 's camera . Please center yourself in front of your device 's camera . Please center yourself in front of your device 's camera . Please center yourself in front of your device 's camera . Please center yourself in front of your device 's camera . Please center yourself in front of your device 's camera . So I got to go do that thing . Ah , your call time . Break a leg . Thanks . Hold up , Hollywood . You 're gonna want to see this . Get a lab report on those vials ? No , it 's gonna take us a little longer to figure out what lady snowblood had in her fridge . But my guys have decrypted the database from her laptop at the clinic . It 's an appointment database : Patient list , scheduling charts . - Nice clientele , right ? - So what ? Am I supposed to know these names ? You would if you spent as much time studying the power elite as we have . It 's like a who 's who of the 1 % west of the rookies . Thank you for your patience . Our meeting will now begin . Today I will be speaking to you about two agenda items . Item number one . No doubt most of you are by now aware of the security breach we experienced at our southwest distribution center yesterday . Please know that all actions necessary to isolate and seal the breach are being executed . In addition , relocation of the annex is complete . I assure you , there will be no further disruption in our scheduled treatments . Gene Belasco , the Casino Mogul . The Burke brothers . They own half of silicon valley . Benjamin Alger , CEO of Socal Power and Light . Emily Taft , head of Trysco Capital . There 's international players here too . Jim Pallotta , Gideon Khan . Why were all these people going to that clinic ? On to the second agenda item pursuant to our long-term goals . I am pleased to report that events are now in process that will soon jolt us forward into the future of our common dream . For those of you not privy to the plans now under way , know that your contributions are no less valuable and that all will be reveled in due course . Oh , ugh , too hard , man . Ah ha ha ! Oh ... That 's too soft . Oh , no , no , yeah , this is perfect . Yeah ! Ah ! Ha ! Yeah ! Hey , uh , just out of curiosity , any of these mattresses rated for heavy use , you know , for a guy like me with an active lifestyle ? - Is your brother coming or not ? - Uh ... There he is ! Right on cue . Mr. Zapata , I 'd like to introduce you to the one and only Tony Bravo . Good to finally meet you , Tony . Likewise , Mr. Zapata . I was just telling Mr. Zapata what a huge fan you are of Dulces Sueños Mattress Stores . We 're delighted to have Tony " the Matador " Bravo as the face of our new " no bull " Ad campaign . Here 's the Matador wardrobe . Now ... If you would be so kind as to put this on , we can begin . Is there a problem ? Excuse us for a moment . Did you know about this ? - Maybe . - I can 't wear this , man . I 'll look like a complete tool . I 'll never live this down . I think you got it all wrong , bro . - Really ? - Yeah . Look , will your teammates give you shit ? No doubt , but everybody else is gonna love it , especially the ladies . - Well , how you figure that ? - They love it when celebs don 't take themselves so seriously all the time . George Clooney . Chicks eat that dude 's shit up like it 's mole . Mole . All right . I lit some fires and got the analysis back on some of those files . Good news is it 's not a virus . Then what is it ? Oh , it shares a number of properties with a mitochondrial targeting compound from over 30 years ago . It 's a longevity drug . Is that even a legitimate field ? Well , it 's fringe , but it 's out there . Theory goes that aging is the result from damage done to our cell mitochondria by free radicals . The basic idea is that if we can undo the damage , then we can stop aging . And this drug can actually do that ? Don 't know . We can 't test it . Well , not legally at least . But if people like Galan are spending 7 figures a year for it , who knows ? So the rich and powerful want to live forever . Big surprise . What do they want with the virus ? Lucien Sayer . Oh , the guy who developed the original version of the drug . Born 1937 , Berkshire , England , with degrees in biochemistry and gerontology with a focus in regenerative medicine . Yeah , big brain , but it never panned out for him . The drug came and went . So did he . Dead ? Well , last anyone heard from him , he was heading off to Burma on a search for rare botanical elements to mine new molecules for bigger and better drugs . There was a civil war going on . The jungles were filled with guerrilla soldiers . Best anyone could figure , he ran into some , and that was that . So take it from me , Tony " Matador " Bravo . The prices at Dulces Sueños Mattress Stores are no bull . Ole . Cut ! He 's not doing the snap right . Why isn 't he doing the snap ? Huh ? " Ole ! " I didn 't miss it , did I ? You didn 't miss anything , Uncle Phil . Let me talk to him . We done here ? Mr. Zapata 's pissed you 're not doing the snap right . Snap ... I can 't . It 's in the script . You got to do it . I understand it 's in the script . I physically can 't do it . I can 't lift my arm above my head . I think I cracked a rib in practice or something . Action . So take it from me , Tony " Matador " Bravo . The prices at Dulces Sueños Mattress Stores are no bull . Ole ! - Cut ! Cut . Deal ? - Yeah . - Deal ? - I told you ! We did it . Great job , you guys . You guys were awesome . Yeah , bam . Yo , that was quick thinking , man . They cheat shit like that all the time in the movies . Lindsay Lohan in machete ? Body double . And they did Jessica alba digitally . Erased her panties with a computer . That 's the future right there , bro . Yo , Anne 's gonna be really happy about this , all right ? I 'm gonna bounce . I 'm gonna go tell her . - But you say thank you for me ? - You do that . Tell your agent I 'm getting it done over here , all right ? All right ? Huh ? Easy , easy . Thank you . An Arugula Gimlet . Mm ... Who comes up with these things ? Well , I am impressed with your newly adventurous spirit , Andres . Newly ? I recall we spent a few adventurous nights in this very hotel , Emily . Yes . How 's Senna ? Mmm , speaking of adventurous spirits ... Oh , is she in that stage ? I 'd sleep better at night if I could be certain that 's all it was . It is . Remember , I have two grown daughters . And Melissa is pregnant , by the way . Oh , that 's wonderful news . You 're going to be a grandmother . Of course , no one would know to look at you . Well , in as much as that is true , I suppose I have you to thank for that for introducing me to Sayer . Yes , I suppose that 's true . Mm-hmm . And clearly your clinic visits have been working . You look great . Alas , I started later in life than you . But that wasn 't my main reason for joining the group . Yes . And it has paid to have such a powerful network of friends . I wouldn 't call them friends . Not when we aren 't even allowed to know each other 's names . We know each other . But we 're the exception . I brought you in . You can ask me what you invited me to here to ask . Hmm ? It 's no coincidence that you reached out today after the call . These events he spoke of ... What is he talking about ? - Oh , Andres . - I-it 's a simple question . One that you know I can 't answer . It 's one that you are not supposed to answer . - There 's a difference . - You know what I mean . Compartmentalization is ... Is in the best interest of everyone . Yes , I know . And nothing has changed . We must trust the process . Above all , we must trust him . So tell me , how long have you been with us , win ? Four years . Five years ? And in that time , it was made clear to you that if you wanted anything , anything at all , you could come to me , yes ? Then why didn 't you ? You procured your own phone in direct contravention to the rules governing our community . Surely you wanted it for a reason . I just wanted to call my mother in Bago . She 's sick . _ It was the only phone I could find . Please . I am sorry to hear about your mother . I understand , more than most , the frailties of the human body . Healing has been my passion . But passion can blind one to the realities of their situation ... To those in their community who would betray them . I was let down very badly years ago , betrayed by my peers . So I endeavored to set up my own community with strict rules governing trust . Rules which if were broken would carry irrevocable consequences . It 's okay , win . You will still contribute to the cause . And yours will be a most glorious contribution indeed . You have to understand , with a tox screen , we can only test for what we have in the panel . You have the most advanced diagnostic resources in the world , and you 're telling me you still don 't know what 's wrong with my agent . His electrolytes are normal . He 's tested negative for meningitis , encephalitis . Look , the good news is he 's stable , and his vitals are fine . And the bad news is he 's in a coma , and you can 't tell me why . Is everything okay ? Fine . Yeah . Agent Mason , I 've got a visual on Kilka Suratt . Just arrived back at her house and entered the premises . What do you want me to do ? Sit tight . I got to go . Something up ? Nothing I can 't handle . Stay awake . I think you took a wrong turn , Chino . This ain 't Little Tokyo . Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! Broke my fucking nose ! Ahh ! - Augh ! - Oh ! Augh ! Ahh ! Ahh ! Aah ! Aah ! Aah ! Who is this ? Man , who 's who ? Okay , okay , dude showed up a few months ago talking about he was a major player , said he could move major weight . - All he needed was a connect . - And ? Our boy Ruben takes him down to Rosarito and introduces him to his supplier . I told Ruben " que estaba stupid . " Word is D.E.A. , Mexican police got involved . I ain 't seen the Vato since . - She alone in there ? - Yeah , you going in ? - Alone . - You sure ? I 'll take it from here . What did you do to him ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . What did you do to him ? Answer me . They gave him drugs so he 'd answer . - What drugs ? - I don 't know . You 're a nurse . That 's why you 're at the clinic . - You know ! Tell me . - The clinic is one thing . But they have other drugs . They can do other things . What other things ? You don 't know what I have the authority to do to you . Whatever it is , it 's nothing compared to what they 'll do . I told you I 've got this . - I know . That 's why I came . - She has answers . She can tell us what they did to Noah . Maybe she can , and we 'll get her to give us what we need . But come on . This isn 't you , Annie . - You don 't know me . - I think I do . I know you 're angry . You 're angry about what you 've lost . And time passes , and you think you 're past it , but you 're not ; I get it . Stop . Listen to me . Stop it . It 's been 22 years since my dad died . It still feels like it 's yesterday ; You 're right . There 's never closure . The anger , the pain ... It 's just a part of us . It 's not who we are . Your sister 's dead , Annie . My dad is dead . Noah 's still here . Dr. Kenning , 5307 . Dr. Kenning , 5307 . What ? Is everything okay ? Just a standard check . Can I get you anything ? Uh , no . I 'm fine . You know , some people think it helps if you talk to them . Dr. Miller , please call extension 3813 . Dr. Miller , please call extension 3813 . Noah , if ... if you can hear me ... Would you come back ? Would you come back ? She 's not here . Any idea where she is ? No . Are you worried about her ? Should I be ? I 'm not sure ; I don 't know her as well as you do . I appreciate your concern for Annie . But let me remind you , she is your handler , not your friend . Trust me , it is a distinction she 's well aware of , and one you 'd do yourself a favor not to forget . Well , thanks for the tip . There 's something you should see . What if I were to tell you that within our lifetime we will have the ability to not only slow down the aging process , but the ability to arrest it all together , to stop it in it 's tracks ? I am , of course , speaking about a cure for death . This is Sayer 30 years ago before he got run out of town . Aging , you see , is simply the accumulation of various types of damage in our bodies . That damage that we have pessimistically up till now accepted as the norm , as natural , I assure you , it is not . Hello , Andres . I understand our conversation yesterday piqued your curiosity . H-how could you know that ? Aging is not an essential component for the human condition . Physical breakdown is not an inevitable consequence of living . Death is not a fate we are doomed to endure . Not all of us anyway , necessarily . I agree your loyalty and your neighbors have earned you a Fuller understanding of the events I referred to yesterday . Well , I 'm glad you see it that way . Watch your screen , please . So the good news that I want to share with you today then , is this ... death and aging are problems . Complicated problems , no doubt , but problems that increasingly we have the power to solve . Problems , in fact , that will be solved sooner rather than later . As I believe ... I know ... there are men and women sitting in this audience right now who will live to be 1,000 years old . Sayer 's research was greeted with deep skepticism by the scientific community . But where he got into real trouble was his stance on population control . Help . Help ! W-w-what is this ? A glimpse into the future . Now , obviously , the question you 're all asking yourselves is , how can we sustain the planet 's resources with all these people that never grow old and never die ? Obviously , we can 't . Help ! Guards ! Guards ! Help ! Our most ancient myths speak of our longing for transcendence . So too our most cherished religious beliefs testify to the dream of an eternal life . Well , now , ladies and gentlemen , that the confluence of medical science and technology has advanced us to the brink of making these dreams and longings a reality , we have some very difficult choices ahead . Guards ! Help ! - W-why are you showing me this ? - You 've procured the virus . You deserve to know its power . W-w-what virus ? I-I-I have nothing ... nothing to do ... to do with this . Oh , but you do . You failed to win the greenstone man at auction but managed to acquire its female counterpart in Nicaragua . Within them was the virus , which we will now deploy to bring about the future we both know is necessary . For a sustainable future , to make room for those of us who will be living so much longer , there needs to be a radical alteration in either the world 's birthrate ... Or its death rate . Increase the death rate . That 's why they want the virus . To make room . You 'll forgive me for being blunt , but ... Who the fuck are you ?
