 WHISTLING Ah , excellent , there you are . # Things can only get better ... # You 're a bit late . Or early . Possibly both , hard to keep track of time , Prof. Or shall we just go with " Bri " ? What is this place ? Amazing . Hey , come on , man , be cool . You 're supposed to be a physicist . And put a tie on . You 're not the make-up artist . Sharp . I can see why you got that fellowship . Where am I ? Bit complicated . Sort of a spaceship / time machine / swimming pool . Optional hat stand . I need five minutes of your time , and when I say five minutes , I 'm lying . I 'm just going to give a lecture . I know , I 've just seen it . It 's great . But I haven 't given it yet . Tricky to explain - seen it anyway . You 've seen it and you think it 's great ? Did I say great ? I meant lousy . You need a spot of help with that . That 's why I 'm here . I 've bought you a gift . Actually , I say bought . More like pinched . But it 's the thought that counts . I couldn 't find any paper . Is this what I think it is ? Yeah . Unless you think it 's a hat , or a banana , in which case Manchester Uni needs a re-boot . This is over 250 years old . About a week old , actually . I picked it up last Saturday tea-time . No , no , no , that is impossible Naughty word , Brian . 2p in the swear box , please . Space and time . Time and space . Locked in an intricate dance across the cosmos , and if you know the tune ... anything is possible . I was going for poetry . Forgot you were a physicist . Right , hold on to something . Probably your sanity . Ready ? Usually it just twirls around . It 's probably this . Shut up , Brian . SONG : " Doctor Who Theme " APPLAUSE I have absolutely no idea what Mr Cox has in store for us tonight . He 's an enigma . It could be anything . He might just start singing , for all I know . It might also be something to do with science . It might be something to do with time travel . I 've no idea . And you 're going to have a crash helmet on to protect your beautiful shiny head . I 'm looking to Brian to prove that everything that happens in Doctor Who could actually happen . Is cast iron fact . All right , there we are . Sorry . Is this how you 're going to collapse my mass ? LAUGHTER Just some bloke with a really tight backpack on . Well , knowing Brian , it will be mind-blowing . Hopefully we 'll all go home knowing how to make a TARDIS . I 'm really looking forward to it , to see what he 's got in store for us . CLOCK TICKS If I could borrow the TARDIS just for one day , of all the places I would travel through space and time , I 'd choose here on the 27th of December , 1860 . On that day , Michael Faraday stood on this stage and delivered his Royal Institution Christmas Lecture on the chemical history of the candle . These are his original lecture notes , singed by the burning candle he used to illuminate them during the dark winter nights of Victorian London . Faraday was one of the greatest scientists in the world . He laid the foundations of our modern understanding of electricity and magnetism , but the route he took through time and space to change the world was unusual . The son of a Yorkshire blacksmith , he left school at 13 to become an apprentice bookbinder . An ordinary young man , but someone who loved to think . He was curious about the world . His life changed in 1812 when he attended a series of lectures by another of the great scientific ghosts that haunt this place on Albemarle Street in London - Humphry Davy , the charismatic professor of chemistry at the Royal Institution and a passionate believer in the power and possibilities of science . Faraday diligently transcribed the lectures and gave them to Davy , who was so impressed that he appointed the young man as his scientific assistant . The rest , as they say , is history . So this building , this lecture theatre , has a past that is inextricably bound up with our present and our future , not only through the great discoveries that have shaped our scientific civilisation , but also through the countless generations of children and adults alike who have been inspired by lectures given in this theatre to explore nature and , to echo Humphry Davy , to find new worlds to conquer . Tonight , I want to explore if , just like the Doctor , if we could one day conquer time , allowing me to travel to that night in this room at Christmas 1860 . Will that be forever impossible ? Are the doors to the past firmly closed ? Well , this object is known unromantically as H4 . It 's a maritime timekeeper built over 250 years ago by John Harrison . At the time of its design , this was the most accurate portable means of telling the time ever invented . It was built to navigate , to map the world . Listen , it still works . H4 TICKS Can you hear that ? Beautiful thing . Time , as the Doctor knows , is the key to exploration . If you divide our planet into strips by lines of longitude , marching east to west , then , for every 15 degrees you travel , noon , that 's the time that the sun reaches its highest point in the sky , shifts by one hour . So , if you have a clock that keeps perfect time , synchronised , let 's say , with noon at Greenwich , which is here , then you can simply read off your longitude . For example , if I left Greenwich with my H4 and travel west on my ship , then H4 would read 5pm Greenwich Mean Time when the sun is directly overhead at my position . Then I know that I 'm at 15 times 5 , equals 75 degrees west of Greenwich , which is roughly on the line here that passes through New York City . Harrison 's H4 was the first watch that could keep time near-perfectly through the rigours of an ocean voyage . It changed the fortunes of Britain , and it changed the fortunes of the world . With the help of the design of this watch , the Earth was systematically explored and mapped . Trade and travel were no longer a lottery . We knew , for the first time , our place on the surface of our planet . So time can be used to determine our position in space . But space and time still feel as if they 're separate things . Time marches inexorably on , marked out for 250 years by the relentless ticking of H4 . This is not the world the Doctor inhabits . He has freedom of movement through space and time , and , surprisingly , it 's not the world we inhabit either . I 'm going to show you that we too are ALMOST free to wander through time . During the late years of the 19th century , physicists , and in particular Albert Einstein , were forced to re-examine our intuitive picture of space and time , and halfway through the 20th century , Einstein 's colleague and tutor Hermann Minkowski was compelled to write his now-famous obituary for the simple tick-tock of the clock . " From henceforth , space by itself and time by itself " have vanished into the merest shadows " and only a kind of blend of the two exists in its own right . " I 'm tempted to say , as the Doctor would , " Wibbly-wobbly , timey-wimey " But I won 't . HE CHUCKLES I just did . What could Minkowski have meant ? Well , let me draw a map . A map like no other . It 's a map that contains the entirety of the known universe . Our past , our present and our future . So , this line , here ... .. represents space . This dot represents our place in space , here , at the Royal Institution . Now , let me add time to the map . So , this is our future . This is all the time that is yet to come , if you like , and this is our past . Now , the dot represents what physicists call an event . That 's this lecture room , our place in space , tonight , our place in time . So this is a strange kind of map . It 's a map of infinite size , and this line , space , here , represents our now . The Doctor has complete freedom of movement around this map in the TARDIS . He can visit any event he likes - any place in space , any place in time . Now , we , of course , don 't have that freedom , although , as we 'll see , we have more freedom than you might think . Now , let me explain what I mean by that cryptic statement . Let 's travel back down the timeline . Let 's travel back to , let 's say , 1830 , a point in the past . Same place , here in Albemarle Street , different time . Our event is Michael Faraday conducting experiments in his laboratory , just a few feet away from us here . And I need a volunteer to re-create one of his experiments , and , because I can , I 'm going to choose Dallas Campbell . Where 's Dallas ? Thank you , Dallas . Thank you . I know you 're a man of science ... Well , yes ... .. and engineering . I try , I try . So , if we wheel this experiment forward ... what I want you to do is re-create one of Faraday 's famous experiments . There 's a bit of danger involved . I-I thought there must be I was , expecting it . These will save you in the event of , er , an explosion . OK . It looks quite Doctor Who . It does look quite Doctor Who , you 're right . What it is , is a series of coils of wire . So , I 've got coil of wire , coil of wire , coil of wire . And on this pole there are a series of magnets . Yes . We 've got magnets ... Yes . .. inside a coil of wire . And to make it more televisual , an explosive , of course . So , what I 'm going to do is move over here . What I 'm going to do is ask you to move the magnets in and out of the coils of wire . Now , you may need to be relatively vigorous . Stand back , stand back , here we go . Ready ? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE And that 's how science works . OK , was I too vigorous ? Yeah . Years of practice . Yes , exactly . OK , here we go . I can 't do this . You can . You 're turning the lights on . Hooray . Keep going . Come on , Dallas . Oh ! CHEERING A spectacular demonstration . So , just by moving these magnets in and out of coiled wire , Dallas created electricity , enough to light up two light bulbs and ignite that electric match . So , what does this mean ? Well , the answer is that electricity and magnetism are in some way linked . Now , Faraday and his colleagues were intrigued . How can a moving magnet , which seems physically unconnected to the electric wire , cause an electric current to flow ? Well , the elegant answer was provided in 1861 , 30 years after Faraday 's experiments , by the great Scottish physicist , James Clerk Maxwell . These ... .. are Maxwell 's wave equations . Now , Maxwell 's genius was to discover these equations by bringing the whole of electricity and magnetism together into a single framework . They describe electric and magnetic fields . This is the electric field here and this is the magnetic field here . But they described fields driving themselves through space as waves . Electromagnetic waves . Now , in itself this is a remarkable thing , a fascinating discovery . But even more remarkable is the prediction from Maxwell 's equations that these waves travel at a very particular speed . Now , the speed enters as the ratio of the strengths of the electric and magnetic forces . It was something he 'd seen before . A number measured as far back as 1676 by an astronomer called Romer . It was , magically , the speed of light . This is a tremendous discovery . Maxwell had found an explanation for the nature of light itself . Light is a wave , electric and magnetic fields , sloshing energy between them and propelling themselves through space at this specific speed . Very beautiful . But puzzling as well , because the speed of light appears in Maxwell 's equations as a constant . It is always , in modern units , precisely 299,792,458 metres per second . The crucial point is that Maxwell 's equations don 't say that this speed is measured in relation to something . They 're not measured relative to anything at all . It just states the speed of light , of electrometric waves , is 299,792,458 metres per second . Everybody ! LAUGHTER Just feels like I should say that ! 299,792,458 metres per second . That is stranger than it sounds . To understand the consequences of this , let 's return to the beautiful timepiece , the H4 , which usually resides , actually , at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich . Is it moving ? Well , easy . No , it isn 't . Except of course , that it IS moving , after a fashion . Remember , the Earth is spinning on its axis . It 's about 650mph at this latitude . So , as well as being stationary , relative to this lecture theatre , the clock is also moving at 650mph relative to , let 's say , the Doctor in his TARDIS , looking down on the Earth from space . So , for the watch and everything else , speed is relative . The watch is stationary , relative to this lecture theatre , but according to Maxwell , light doesn 't play by these rules . Instead , everyone will measure the speed of light to be the same . This is a profoundly strange concept . This is the way the universe is built , and it has consequences . Now , to explore these , I need a professor of physics , so I 'm going to choose Jim Al-Khalili . Where are you Jim ? Now , Einstein did famous experiments . He used to do things called thought experiments , and we 're going to re-create one of those tonight . He also had very good hair . Not as good as yours , but he had very good hair . Anyone with any hair has very good hair , as far as I 'm concerned . I get these jokes in before Brian does . I wouldn 't dare to comment . You 're going to get me to do something silly , aren 't you ? Please have a seat . Yes . Right . Notice that I 'm in control of this . You 're on a wheeled contraption . Yes , yes . And you 're going to have a crash helmet on . Jolly good . To protect your beautiful shiny head . LAUGHTER There we are . Now Jim 's going to help me demonstrate one of Einstein 's most famous thought experiments . This will vividly illustrate the consequences of taking Maxwell 's equations , Maxwell 's constant speed of light , seriously . I should explain what 's happened . It 's not just for fun , this . So , what Jim 's got on his head is a video camera . That 's why he 's got this crash helmet on . So that 's going to enable us to see the world from Jim 's perspective - and we , of course , are looking at Jim , so we can see the world from our perspective . Now , Einstein 's light clock thought experiment is essentially a very simple idea . Einstein just imagined a clock made of two mirrors with a beam of light bouncing between the mirrors . So , Jim can simulate that with this torch here , this little bulb , by moving it up and down . So , Einstein 's clock is essentially ... LAUGHTER Shall I do that now ? It 's not quite as powerful as Dallas 's ... So , Einstein 's light clock worked like this - so , if you bounce that beam of light ... So , my two hands there are the mirrors , and what you can see is that you could construct a clock out of this sort of arrangement . Essentially , one tick , which would be , like ... tick ... .. tick ... tick - so that 's like the pendulum , the beam of light bouncing between the mirrors , and you could use that , actually , to build a very accurate clock . Then , Einstein imagined what that clock would look like if it were moving relative to us . So , what I 'm going to have happen is , Jim is going to be moved ... along the stage ... Keep moving the clock . And then we can dim the light , so we can see what that looks like from our perspective , stationary relative to Jim . And we 've also got ... So there 's a little box there , you can see . That 's Jim 's head camera , so Jim is seeing , of course , the clock in exactly the way that we pictured it when it was stationary , relative to us . The light beam is bouncing up and down between the mirrors . But if you look , and we 've got a little video effect on there so you can see the trail , you can see that the beam of light that we see is tracing out a triangular pattern across the stage . Beautiful . Thank you . Can I get off now ? I 'm feeling a bit sick . You can , yes ! Thank you , Jim . It was a bit fast . Thank you . What a great use of that wonderful intellect . But it was beautifully demonstrated . What we saw there was , if I sketch it out again , from our perspective now , from the audience 's perspective , is that here are all those mirrors , so this is the light clock that Jim was carrying but you saw that from your perspective , watching Jim move , the light took a kind of triangular path as it bounced across the stage between the mirrors . Here is what Einstein 's postulate , if you like , Einstein 's suggestion that the speed of light is constant for all observers , implies . See , this path is obviously longer than this path . So , if we all agree on the speed of light , then it is obvious that it must take the light longer to tick for the moving clock than it does for the stationary clock . Moving clocks run slowly . This is true . Time really did pass at a different rate for Jim . It passed at a different rate for him than it did for you in the audience , watching Jim move . There 's no sleight of hand here . Jim really is a time traveller . Yes ! Our time is personal to us . This is what Einstein had discovered . There 's no such thing as absolute time . Now , why don 't we notice this in everyday life ? It 's because the amount by which time slowed down for Jim was minuscule , because the speed he was travelling was so small compared to the speed of light . But if we 'd have sent Jim off in a rocket ... Would you like that ? A rocket ? Flying out into space . Let 's say that we catapulted Jim off at 99.94 % of the speed of light for five years according to his watch . Then we tell Jim to turn around and come back . It takes another five years to get back to the Earth . So , for him , the journey would take ten years . But for us , with our watches ticking faster than Jim 's , 29 years would have passed . Jim would return in 2042 having aged only ten years . It 's a real effect , he 'd be a time traveller . Time travel into the future is possible . In fact it 's an intrinsic part of the way the universe is built . We 're all time travellers in our own small way . APPLAUSE What on Earth ? Oh , hello . Get your tally out . That 's a Silent . You 've got to admire a monster that puts on a tie . It 's amazing . Yeah . Shunned by the rest of the galaxy . They 'd be vastly more popular if they laundered their shirts every now and then . An intelligent bipedal life form . That 's a near-impossibility . Oh , no , don 't look away . What on Earth ? That 's a Silent . Keep staring at it , would you ? I haven 't got time right now to keep introducing it . I want more aliens . Where can we go ? Oh , you 're applying for the job , then ? Job ? My assistant . What does it involve ? Oh , you know , getting captured , dying occasionally . The benefits are obviously the travel . I mean , Earth people need to get out more , Brian . Spread your wings , meet the neighbours . I mean , what year is this ? From your hair I 'd say the sixties . It looks like an upside down mop . Yes , the moon is nice , but come on , my man , have a wander , stop loitering around your own solar system like a sulky teenager . What on Earth ? Shut up , Brian . Are we alone in the universe ? Well , I 'd say this is one of the most important questions in modern science . In Doctor Who , the answer is an emphatic no . The universe is filled with aliens , many with technology far more advanced than our own . Science fiction 's replete with aliens , partly , I think , because we desperately want them to exist . The alternative , that we 're alone in a possibly infinite universe is a frightening concept . But what do we know about the possibility of finding the alien life , and , in particular , intelligent life somewhere beyond our solar system ? Well , in 1950 , the great Italian physicist Enrico Fermi took this question and rephrased it , he turned it into a paradox , highlighting , in the process , one of the great mysteries . Our sun and its system of eight planets is one star out of an estimated 400 billion that form our home galaxy , the Milky Way . Fermi argued that with so many worlds and such vast expanses of time stretching back over 12 billion years to the formation of our galaxy , there must be planets out there with civilisations far in advance of our own . So , our universe should be like Doctor Who . We should expect , just on statistical grounds , to have caught some glimpse of those spacefaring civilisations out there amongst the stars and yet we have seen no evidence of anyone . This is known as the Fermi paradox . If they were out there , we should see them . The problem , of course , is that to send a space probe to even the nearest star would take many thousands of years with our current technology , so the search must proceed without physically travelling beyond our solar system , at least for the foreseeable future . And there is a way . The most ancient way of observing the sky at night . Astronomy . By capturing light from distant star systems , using an array of telescopes both on the ground and in orbit , we 've found 992 exoplanets , and we can now begin to characterise those planets , to search for signs of life encoded in the faint light from these distant worlds . So far , one of the best candidates for life orbits around one of the stars in this constellation - in the constellation of Lyra . It 's a planet called Kepler 62E , after the recently-retired Kepler telescope that first identified it . It seems to be just the right size and mass to make it a rocky planet and in just the right orbit to give it a chance of possessing liquid water on its surface . But , remarkably , we can do better than simply estimating what these planets are made of . See , we 're on the verge of being able to look directly into the atmospheres of these planets and search for the tell-tale fingerprints of life . And I 'm going to ask Charles Dance to come down and help me show you how . I 've got a coat , have I ? Yeah , er , I think its fireproof . Thank you very much , thank you . So , what we 're going to do , here ... You just want me to clean this trolley , don 't you , really ? Give you a mop ! Yeah . Yes . What we 're going to do is , we 're going to demonstrate the technique that astronomers use to identify ... Should I be standing where you are ? .. the presence of chemicals in the atmosphere . You can stand wherever you want , it 's not going to help you at all . So , er ... What I 'm going to ask you to do is , we 've got a selection of four chemical elements ... Right . .. dissolved in these solutions , and I want you to spray them through the Bunsen flame . Which direction would you like me to spray them ? I think , actually , probably sort of just upwards and ... Really , are you sure ? Er , yeah . In any particular order ? No , no , just - let 's see what happens . So , you can see , apart from this one , they 're all colourless liquids , but they 've got chemical elements dissolved ... OK . .. in the solution . All right . So , let 's have a go at that . We could dim the lights a bit , actually , perhaps . Go on . Spray that one through . Let 's see what that does . OK . There it goes . Shall I do that one again ? Go again . Beautiful green colour . Bright green colour . So , now let 's try that one . Same thing ? Yeah . AUDIENCE : Ooh ! Oh , I like that . A bright red . This takes me back . I know ! To school chemistry lessons ? No , to early psychedelic rock concerts . APPLAUSE I quite like that one , actually . Oh , where 's the red ? What if we do two together ? Go on , let 's do it , let 's go for it . Shall we do three together ? Oh , dear . Thank you very much . Now , the reason that those chemical elements behaved in different ways is down to the structure of the elements themselves . See , what happens when you burn that element , when you heat it up , is the electrons jump around between different orbits around the atomic nucleus and then fall back down again and emit light , and so what we 're seeing there is the structure of the atoms themselves that make up the chemical elements . Each element will have a different signature of light that it emits when heated , because it has a different configuration of electrons around the nucleus . Now , as well as emitting light when heated , elements also absorb light of exactly the same colour if they 're present in the atmosphere of a star or a planet . Here , for example , is a spectrum of light from the sun . So , this is sunlight split up into all the colours of the rainbow , by a prism , for example . And you can see that it is covered in black lines , all over , in every colour . These are the fingerprints of chemical elements , in the same way that we saw Charles show us the beautiful colours , the fingerprint of the element in those bottles . Now , we 're on the verge of launching telescopes and detectors so sensitive that we can analyse the light not only from stars , like the sun , but also the light reflected and absorbed by the atmospheres of planets around those stars . This will allow us to look for the fingerprints of molecules such as water , methane , and even organic molecules , the fingerprints of life in the atmospheres of alien worlds . These techniques might prove the first direct evidence that we 're not alone in the universe . But they still won 't allow us to resolve Fermi 's paradox , because these chemical fingerprints won 't differentiate between simple , single-celled organisms and the complex multi-cellular life that is surely a prerequisite for the existence of a civilisation like our own . But there is just a possibility that we can look for signatures of intelligent civilisations . See , as a civilisation gets more and more advanced , its energy consumption rises dramatically . With every new machine we create here on Earth , from the tiniest mobile phone to the largest power station , we produce more heat . I 'll show you what I mean . Here is an infrared camera . So , this is measuring not the light from you , the audience , but the heat from the audience , because those colours are representing the amount of heat that you are putting out . Yeah , give us a wave . I can see exactly what you 're doing at the back . That 's because you are biological machines . Every machine , no matter how sophisticated or efficient , must do this . It must leave a tell-tale heat signature behind as it goes about its business . Now , a group of researchers at Penn State University are attempting to exploit this fundamental universal law , using infrared cameras to search the stars and even to search for entire galaxies to see if they can see hot spots , systems that are giving out more heat in the infrared spectrum than you would expect from purely natural processes . If they sift through all their data , and actually find a star , a planet or even a galaxy with this characteristic infrared signature , then they could claim evidence , not only for complex life but for a machine-building , star-harnessing , transgalactic civilisation . Doctor Who from afar . Far-fetched ? Yeah , of course it is . But the simple act of looking , of observing nature , is the key to science , and we shouldn 't take anything for granted . And it 's worth noting , finally , that we may already inadvertently have made contact . The first episode of Doctor Who was broadcast on the 23rd of November , 1963 . The programme was encoded in beams of radio waves , as beams of light that were broadcast to the nation 's TVs . These radio waves didn 't simply hang around floating above the UK , they left our atmosphere , expanding in spheres just like the light from Faraday 's candle and began their journey out into space . Today , that signal will have reached 50 light years from this planet . SONG : " Doctor Who Theme " What would an alien civilisation think if their first experience of our civilisation was the adventures of the time-travelling doctor ? Oi , Cox , no . Hands off . Complicated . Ish . Ish ? ! Hah ! Don 't you " ish " me . Beyond human understanding . Relative internal spatial co-ordinates are completely at odds with externally observed dimensions . So , nur . Bigger on the inside than the outside doesn 't seem too complicated to me . Don 't listen to him . Cover your ears . Where exactly are your ears ? Listen , how do you fuel something like this ? The power requirements must be immense . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , I use a black hole . A black hole ? Little bit of Time Lord engineering , siphon off the energy . Powering this thing is like falling off a log . A very big log , an n-dimensional log . Read some Einstein . The tidal forces on a black hole in there would rip it to bits . Hah ! Yeah , I know that . Nice chap , Einstein . Bow tie wearer . Always gets my vote . Wicked hair . But he 's behind the times , Coxy . You want to see my black hole ? I keep it down there , in the basement . So , the Doctor 's world is closer to our own than you might have imagined . We 're all time travellers , and we 've reached out and touched alien worlds . But I 'm drawn back to these notes . To December 1860 , and Michael Faraday 's Christmas Lecture when he inspired a generation of children to become scientists , using the simple but magical candle . What about my dream to return to that moment in time ? So , let 's take a look at our map again . Now , we have everything in the past that has ever happened down there , and we have everything that ever could happen in the future up here . The Doctor has complete freedom of movement on the map . He can go anywhere . But what Einstein realised is that we can 't have freedom of movement , otherwise we 'd run into trouble . So , he discovered a limit . He built it into his theory . Something that we can all agree on . The speed of light . Let 's think about Faraday 's candle again . If there wasn 't a roof on this lecture theatre , then this would be sending out light into the universe . An expanding sphere of light travelling outwards at 300,000 kilometres per second . In one and a half seconds it would have passed by the moon . In eight minutes it would speed past the sun , and in around 100,000 years , it would completely clear the Milky Way Galaxy . Now , I can draw this onto my map . So , this is here and now in this lecture theatre at the Royal Institution . So , I can draw a line on my map that represents the trajectory of a beam of light through space-time . Of course it expands in all directions , so I have another one of those lines going out there . A pair of diagonal lines . Now , I could also draw lines on this map which represent the paths of beams of light from the past , if they arrived here , now , in this lecture theatre . And here they 'll be . They 'll look the same , but they 'll extend out into the past . Now , we all agree on these lines because we all agree on the speed of light , so they must be important in some way . And they are . This is how Einstein protects the past from the future . They limit how we can move around on the map , because nothing can travel faster than the speed of light . It is a universal speed limit . What does that mean ? Well , imagine that there is someone sat here , let 's say , with a telescope . If I wanted some signal , some flash of light to get out to that event there , which would be , let 's say , an alien in some distant galaxy , taking a telescope out and looking at us , then it would have to travel - the influence , the light - would have to travel faster than the speed of light . It can 't happen . So , this line seems to restrict the movement of things . Things that travel slower than light are condemned to live inside this area . This area is clearly important , and it 's got a name . It 's called the future light cone . That encompasses all of our futures . Every event that 's going to happen to any of us in this audience or watching at home , that happens , will happen in this region of space-time inside the future light cone . It also applies to the past . So , this is a special region . It 's called our past light cone . This is the region that contains events in space and time that could in principle have influenced us now , at this point , here , tonight . This is the geometry of space-time as described by Einstein in his theory of special relativity that he published in 1905 . It allows me to trace my life through these two regions . I can locate any event that happened in my life on this map . So , I was born on March the 3rd 1968 , and the first picture I have of me at Christmas was actually 1972 in Oldham . There I am , that 's that event . It 's me in Oldham in Christmas 1972 . Now , there are lots of things that happened to me . I 've got a very embarrassing picture actually in 1989 ... What was I thinking ? I-I ... The kind of lifestyle I had . That was actually when I was on tour with a rock band somewhere , I think I was somewhere in Europe . So it could have been ... Actually ... Oh , where shall I put myself ? Over there , that would be 1989 . That 's another event , me on a tour bus , um , drinking sensibly in Europe in 1989 . And so on . So , my life is a series of events that I can plot on this diagram . I 'm now here , of course , the Royal Institution in 2013 . So , we could imagine plotting every event in my life on this diagram . That would make a line , and it 's a line known as a world line . And it can wander around in space , cos I 've been at different places , and , of course , it wanders around in time from 1968 to 2013 there . And , of course , Faraday 's Christmas Lecture on the candle , the event I most want to visit in space-time , is also sitting somewhere down here in my past light cone . It 's there . Christmas 1860 . Why is it in my past light cone ? It has to be because it 's influenced me . These lecture notes were present at that event when Faraday stood here and delivered his lecture , and they 're present in front of me now . So , I could draw the world line at that note book on this diagram . And they 've stayed in the Royal Institution , the same place in space , pretty much their whole life , because they began in 1860 and they 're here now with me in 2013 . But according to Einstein 's Theory of Special Relativity , I can never visit Faraday , because my future world line , the things I can experience , is restricted to stay inside the future light cone . To get out , to escape into the past , what would I have to do ? Well , the first thing I 'd have to do is travel faster than the speed of light , even before I begin to consider how I could possibly do that and loop round to 1860 , and the universe isn 't built that way . The doors to the past , unless we have a TARDIS , appear to be firmly closed . What if there 's another way ? What if I can change the direction of my future light cone , change the direction of my entire future , and perhaps begin to tilt it towards the past ? Well , there are objects in our universe that can tilt light cones , and if I could get close enough they 'd affect the direction of my future in a radical way . There 's one at the heart of the TARDIS , a black hole . The Eye of Harmony is described in Doctor Who as a star , frozen at the point of collapse into a black hole . It 's a poetic line , but unusually , it has to be said , for poetry , this one turns out to be physically accurate . Black holes form at the end of the lives of the most massive stars in the universe . When such stars , at least 20 times the mass of our sun , run out of fuel in their cores , no known force can overcome the inward pull of gravity and prevent them from collapsing , as far as anyone knows , to a single , infinitely dense point known as a singularity . I can draw one of those on a space-time diagram . So here is space , and here is time . And this is a diagram from the point of view of the black hole , so that 's the singularity ticking forward in time , as it were . And these two lines , which are very important , have the evocative names of event horizons . These mark out a region in space and time where the gravitational pull is so strong that light itself cannot escape . In the vicinity of the event horizon very strange things happen . And I need a very strange volunteer to demonstrate that . So , Rufus Hound , where are you ? That was perhaps a little unkind , wasn 't it ? " A very strange volunteer . " No , it seems about right . Is it about right ? Yeah . Um , so ... I thought that with my fourth brain . Did you ? What I 'd like to do is to throw you into a black hole . You wouldn 't be the first . In the name of physics , now ... You would be the first . I think it 's going to mean that you 're going to meet a very noble end , a very wonderful exit from this universe . But in order to observe you as you exit our plane of existence , as it were , I want to kit you out with two watches . OK . This one , which I want you to put on your back , is going to be the one that we can observe . All right , there we are . Sorry . Is this how you 're going to collapse my mass ? Is that a bit ... Is that comfortable ? You 're going to do the straps up , is that how black holes work ? Just some bloke with a really tight backpack on . There we go . I already feel implosiony . And I 'd like to give you - well , actually , have you got a watch ? I 've got a watch . Oh , you 've got a watch . And there 's a second hand ticking away . Yep . That 's good . Right , so , what we 're going to do , is we 're going to ... Right - it 's low voltage , it 's all right . I 'm going to turn it ... Where are my safety goggles , Brian ? If you just turn round ... If it 'll make you feel better I can get some , but it won 't help . No . Great , fine . If you turn around so we can see this clock , and I 'm going to turn the clock on , and there it is . So it 's whizzing forward in time . And I want you to face the blackboard , the Eye of Harmony , that 's the black hole , there . And what I 've done is , I 've speeded time up just so we can see it ticking along . This is the rate that time 's passing for us now , and it would be the same on your watch here . Right . And I 'm going to ask you to move slowly towards the event horizon . Very slowly . That 's it . How do you feel ? Like this is slightly TOO slow . It 's all right . But you see what 's happening . If you stop there , you 're approaching the event horizon , and time on the watch that we 're looking at , attached to your back , is slowing down . How 's the time , though , on your watch ? Exactly the same . It 's ticking along at exactly the same rate . Now , you might start to feel a bit uncomfortable because for these sort of stellar mass black holes , the gravitational force on your feet would now be significantly stronger than the gravitation force on your head . Now , this is called spaghettification . Why ? So , you 're beginning to get slightly taller . Right . And eventually , actually , as you approach the event horizon I think , really , you 'd get so tall that you 'd just be a long line of atoms , disassociated . But anyway , let 's ignore that for the moment . Carry on . So , you see ... I don 't know why I feel slightly in awe of a picture . Right towards the black hole . And what we see - there , stop . That is on the event horizon and we would see Rufus ' watch , strapped to his back , freeze . It would stop , but what does your watch look like ? Still going . Still going at exactly the same rate . This is precisely what Einstein tells us would happen as Rufus fell into the black hole . We 'd see time freeze . We would see an image of Rufus just like that , actually , that 's quite powerful . How long can you stand on one leg , just like that ? We 'd see a frozen image of Rufus on his way across the event horizon . Time would stop , that image would still be there . It would be a sort of immortality , whereas from Rufus ' perspective , time would pass as normal , he would pass over the event horizon , he would approach the singularity and be crushed to an infinitely dense point . Thank you . Thanks Rufus . Um , let me explain what happened to Rufus . So here is my space-time diagram again . Remember that the black hole is sat here , stationary . There 's the singularity , here are the event horizons . And what I 'm going to do is , I 'm going to superimpose Rufus ' world line ... .. onto this diagram . Now , we 're looking at Rufus , remember , from the point of view of the black hole . So it 's just sat there , it 's going nowhere , and Rufus is on a journey towards the event horizon and beyond into oblivion . What I 've also drawn are Rufus ' light cones , the various points along his world line . These mark out Rufus ' accessible future . But look what happens to these light cones as he approaches the event horizon . They 're tilting . Now , this tilt , according to Albert Einstein , is caused by the mass of the black hole itself . It 's a representation of a central idea in Einstein 's theory of gravity , general relativity . The idea is this - mass and energy curve space and time , the very fabric of the universe itself . That curvature , the warping of space and time , if you like , is what we 're seeing in this diagram as the tilting of light cones , the tilting of Rufus ' future towards the event horizon . And look what happens here on the horizon . You see what 's happened to the light cone ? It 's tilted so much , space and time are curved and warped so much , that all of Rufus ' future is pointing inwards , into the horizon , into the black hole . His world line is heading towards the singularity . There 's no escape for Rufus because his entire future is inside the black hole . He 'd have to travel faster than light to get out , and that is not allowed in our universe . This diagram is very beautiful . It allows us to see something else , it also allows us to see what happened to Rufus ' clock as we watched it tick slower and slower and slower as he approached the horizon . So , let 's imagine ... let 's imagine that on each tick of Rufus ' clock , the one on his back , a pulse of light was sent out and we detected that pulse of light from our vantage point far away from the black hole . So , let me put them on . There . You see what happens . As the light cones pulse , then those pulses of light arrive at us at later and later times . This is the ticking of the clock . As far as Rufus is concerned , the clock 's ticking away normally , one second , two seconds , three seconds , four seconds . But , as we see it , the first second is faster than the second second , which is faster than the third second . Tick ... tick ... .. tick . And here , on the horizon , the light pulse goes flying up the side of the light cone , which is aligned along the event horizon itself . This pulse never reaches us , so time stops from our perspective . We see that frozen image of Rufus . He never makes it across the horizon from our vantage point . According to him everything proceeds quite normally - although he 's getting spaghettified , it has to be said - until he gets squashed on the singularity . This image of Rufus is frozen forever at the horizon . But here 's the wonderful thing - the same is true for the collapsing star itself . See , from the perspective of an outside observer , time stops , so we 'd never actually see the star collapse , we 'd see a frozen image fading away of the dying star forever frozen in time at the moment of collapse , that is precisely the Eye of Harmony as described in Doctor Who . How beautiful . But what of my ambition to get back into the past and experience Michael Faraday deliver his lecturer ? Well , everything I 've spoken about so far in this lecture is science fact , including this description of a frozen star . But now it 's time to speculate just a little , but still remain constrained by the known laws of physics . Notice what the Eye of Harmony , the black hole , did . It tilted light cones , it changed the direction of the accessible future in space-time . Now , could it be that we could dream up some geometry of space-time , a distribution of matter and energy that would tilt light cones all the way around ? What I want to do is tilt my future light cone in such a way that it gets me back to Faraday 's Christmas Lecture in 1860 . Something like this . So , here ... is a piece of space-time . It 's meant to map directly onto this diagram I drew here . Here 's 1860 , and here 's me in 2013 . Now , we 've seen that a black hole can tilt light cones like that . What if we could arrange the geometry so that the light cone tilts around , so it bends in some way so that ... I can reattach space-time , as it were , around into the past ? I could curve space-time in such a way that this area , my accessible future , ends up pointing into my own past and specifically , in this case , ends up pointing to this place , this event I want to visit , Faraday 's lecture in 1860 . Could we design some configuration of matter and energy that would curve the light cones around so I could get back into my own past ? The answer is ... we don 't know . But nobody has been able to prove that space-time geometries similar to this cannot exist , at least in principle . Although most experts believe that they must in some way be forbidden . But there 's still the faintest possibility , given the laws of physics as we understand them today , that someone , someday - maybe a young girl or a young boy - will be inspired to try . And , even if they fail , by the very act of trying they might just go on to change the world . APPLAUSE Home ! Oh , I want to visit more alien worlds . No . Greedy , Brian . Can 't be greedy . You 've got a lecture to give , people to inspire , merchandise to sell . Actually , that reminds me , could you rustle me up a lunchbox ? Maybe a T-shirt , slim-fitting . Oh , don 't forget the gift I got you , you 'll need that . So , what was this all about , then , just taking me on a tour of the wonders of the universe ? Ah ! Well , there 's someone in your audience today , just an ordinary kid , so high , sad eyes , look out for her , someone who loves to think about why the sky is blue and how bees can hover like helicopters , but after today she stops being ordinary , she grows up to be extraordinary , a woman who changes the world . And all she needed was a nudge from you , eh ? Today , right now . No pressure . I do love humans . They can be a bit defeatist . You know , " Mustn 't , " " Can 't " ... Sometimes you just need a helping hand . Every adventure starts with a moment , a spark . Ooh ! Whilst I 'm here ... Bit of anti-shine . You 'll need that . Ah . Don 't forget to twiddle the size of the event horizon . Shut up , Brian . One more adventure before tea . SONG : " Doctor Who Theme " Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd
