 Claire : Previously .. . I seem to have fallen through time . The village has been humming with talk of you Since you came to the castle . Claire : What is it they 're saying about me ? I suspect you may be an english spy . I 'll have you watched day and night . Jamie : Redcoats wanted to send a message . This is what you get When you fight back against the english . Claire : She came back through the stones ? Jamie : Aye , she did . They always do . Claire : I need to leave this place . ( muffled scream ) jamie : You need not be scared of me Nor anyone else here as long as I 'm with ye . I 'm leavin ' tomorrow , and I 'm takin ' you with me . But why me ? Dougal : I think it would be wise to have a healer along . Claire : Another chance to go home presented itself , Knowing this time , I must not fail . ( folk music playing ) Absence . Absence , hear thou my protestation Against thy strength , distance , and length . Do what thou canst for alteration ... Both : For hearts of truest mettle . Absence doth still and time doth settle . ( men shouting indistinctly ) You know john donne ? Oh , aye . He 's one of my favorites . ( chuckles ) ( coughing ) ( speaking other language ) Away an bile yer heids ! What is it they 're shouting over there ? ( speaking other language ) I 'm sorry . I don 't have any gaelic . Well , my lady , they 're teasing young willie . It 's his first time on the road with us . And they 're encouraging him To have biblical relations ... ( clears throat ) With his sister . Lovely . ( speaking other language ) Come away . You 're ned gowan , aren 't you ? The lawyer ? Ned : Indeed . Claire : I 've see you at the hall . I 'm claire . Well , I 'm very pleased to meet you claire . I 've just come along to help dougal with the records And the receipts , you know . ( chuckles ) I 'm the only one he 'll trust with the money , ye ken . ( both chuckle ) Ah , this is lovely . Is that goose feather ? Well , it 's swan , actually . Tools of the trade , you see . And that bag is for the laird 's rents . It comes in turners and bawbees , small coins . But we also get bags of grain and cabbages . And fowl suitably trussed , I 've got no argument with , Even goats , although one of them ate my handkerchief last year . But I have given explicit instructions this year ... ( coughing ) ... That ... That we will not accept live pigs . ( coughing ) I don 't like the sound of that cough . Well , I get fair puckled this stretch of the road . It happens every year ... ( coughs ) The same season . Something in the wind sets my lungs afire . ( coughs ) I think I may be able to help you . Do you have a pipe I could borrow ? Aye , a pipe . ( laughing ) You 'd have me smoke a pipe for a cough , eh ? It 's something of a paradox , eh ? You 'll see . Aye . There you are . It 's thorn apple . Thorn apple , okay . Take that . Okay . Ned : Thorn apple you say . Is that an english thing ? ( coughing ) Claire : Also known as jimsonweed . The herb had medicinal properties That would relieve the symptoms of asthma . ( coughs ) ( exhales deeply ) Ooh . Ah , well ... How 's that ? That 's remarkable . Aye , pack up . We 're leaving . Dougal : â ™ ª the maid gaed tae the mill ae nicht All : â ™ ª hey , sae wanton she Dougal : â ™ ª she swore by moon and stars sae bricht All : â ™ ª she would get her corn grun' Dougal : â ™ ª she would get the corn grun' All : â ™ ª mill and multure free Dougal : â ™ ª oot then come the miller 's man All : â ™ ª hey , hey , hey sae wanton Dougal : â ™ ª for gettin ' all her corn grun' All : â ™ ª mill and multure free ( laughs ) ( indistinct conversations ) I 'm curious , mr . Gowan , What possessed a man of your qualifications To take up a post in these remote highlands . Well , as a young man , I studied law At the university of edinburgh . I had a small practice With lace curtains in the window , Shiny brass plate with my name on it on the door . That sounds charming . Oh , it was . It was . But I grew restless . I must confess to having Something of a taste for adventure . So I determined the best course was To head off northwards , up here into the highlands . And I thought that I might induce some clan chief To allow me to serve him . Colum mackenzie , I take it . Oh , no , no , no , no , no . His father , Jacob . Oh , no . I 'm much older than I appear , lassie . ( chuckles ) But , of course , things were much less civilized then . Back then , when men were men And the pernicious weed of civilization Was less rampant upon the wild , Bonny face of this land . Ah , you may be a man of the law , sir , But you 've the soul of a romantic . ( chuckles ) Claire : Although this newfound kinship with ned Would make life on the road more tolerable , I could not allow it to distract me from my quest To get back to the standing stones at craigh na dun And return to my own 20th century life . ( all laughing ) ( speaking other language ) Dougal : Old granny ... ( all laughing ) So old granny mary ... Old granny mary 's gettin ' ready for bed , And she says to her husband ... ( high-pitched voice ) " when you first saw me naked , " what were you thinkin ' ? " ( normal voice ) and he says , " I wanted to suck your paps dry . " I wanted to swive you until you were a worn-out husk . " And she says to him , ( high pitched voice ) " and what are you thinkin ' now ? " ( normal voice ) and he looks at her and says , " looks like I 've done a fine job . " ( all laughing ) ( speaking other language ) ( all laughing ) Claire : I wasn 't offended by the lewdness of their jokes Or squeamish over the fact that my dinner looked like A shriveled easter rabbit , Nor was I too dainty to sleep on a pillow made of stone . ( speaking other language ) ( laughing ) Claire : What troubled me was that they were clearly Using gaelic to exclude me . ( speaking other language ) ( laughing ) I just had to remember my time with them would be over soon . Being on the road was my chance to escape . ( men laughing ) Dinna worry what they 're sayin ' , lass . They hate me . ( scoffs ) They don 't trust you . Well ... Maybe angus hates you , But he hates everyone . What about you ? Do you think I 'm a spy for the british ? No . But I do think there are things you 're not tellin ' us , And I know you tried to run durin' the gathering ' . It 's on your mind still , plain and clear . It 's been a long day . Well , ye did ask . ( chickens clucking ) ( indistinct conversations ) Alastair ! I hear you and the wife have another one on the way . You 're a beast of a man . I 'm a mackenzie , ye ken . ( both laugh ) And how was the harvest ? Very good . I bring two bags of grain , six shilling . Fine , six shillings . That 's two bags of grain and six shillings . Trust we 'll see you tonight ? Aye , of course . Good man . Ned : And it 'll be your usual , then ... Eggs , cabbage , and ... ( pig squealing ) Oh , and who do we have here ? You couldn 't be beathan 's boy . Aye . Well , time lets the truth slip , ye ken . Looks like your mother let a big , brawny fellow into her bed While your faither wasn 't lookin ' . As the old cock craws . Oh , is that right ? ( laughing ) There 's a bag of oat . Marcas , you limmer , it 's good to see you . What 've you got for me ? Two fat pigs and a fine goat . ( pig squeals ) Hello . That 's two fat pigs And a fine goat . We 'll see you tonight . You 'll join me for a dram ? Aye ! Good . I thought you said no pigs . Aye , I did , didn 't I ? Duncan , thank you . Two shilling and ... ( women singing indistinctly ) Something I can do for you , mistress ? I was just curious . I 've never heard singing quite like that before . This a waulking song . We 're waulking wool . I 'm claire beauchamp . I 'm donalda gilchrest . I came with the mackenzie party . The men are all busy with the rent , So I found myself rather idle . Idle , ye say . Well , we 'll see about that . Do ye have strong hands , claire ? ( all singing in other language ) ( all laughing ) Donalda : Ladies , this is claire beauchamp . She 's going to be helping us today . Hello , all . Claire : Ugh , that 's pungent . Is that ... Hot piss . Yes , claire . Sets the dye fast . ( speaking other language ) ( singing in other language ) Here 's a wee refreshment , claire . Ye 've earned it . Thank you . ( speaking other language ) Bottoms up . ( coughs ) ( all laughing ) Oh , my god , that 's got a kick to it . It 's our little secret . Not a word to the menfolk . My lips are sealed . ( baby cries ) Did we wake the little one ? He 's hungry , that 's all . Oh , he 's teething and won 't nurse . My husband had to give away our goat the laird This morning , so we haven 't any milk . Doesn 't seem very fair . Where are ye off to next , claire ? Uh , I 'm not sure exactly . I heard stories of a place called craigh na dun . Aye , where the fairies live . My cousin went there once , swore he saw one . But he was fou as a puggle at the time , And the fairy he claimed to see Turned out to be an old piebald sheep , Sporting six horns . ( all laughing ) Well , I 'd like to go there . Is it nearby ? Oh , about three days as the crow flies , I 'd say . All right , back to work , ladies . And we 're going to need a fresh bucket . ( speaking other language ) ( clears throat ) You mean now ? What do you think the tipple 's for ? ( laughs ) all righty , then . Geronimo . ( all laughing ) ( door opens ) Oh , christ almighty . ( baby crying ) I 've been looking to hell and back for ye . I 've been right here . We were waulking wool . Right ! We 're going . But we haven 't finished . Aye , ye have . ( baby crying ) Disappearing under ma nose . Dougal 's bealing about it . I was only over there . What 's the harm ? Ye 've been drinking , and ye smell like piss . Well , that 's the pot calling the kettle black . Fine . Next time , I 'll tie ye to the wagon . Get your hands off me ! Hey , hey , where do you think you 're taking that ? Back to her owner . The family needs her . The goat 's ours . We 're taking her with us . The hell you are . That 's goods and chattels , has to be accounted for . Ca ' canny noo . She 's stottin ' drunk . I am no such thing . You 'll be giving me the goat ! Let go ! Where did you find her ? Over there and cock-a-doodle-dooed . ( grunts ) How hard is it to keep watch on a sassenach wench ? Hey , she 's slippery as an eel , that one , dougal . Would you stop talking about me as if I 'm not here ? There 's a baby that needs milk . Stop yer havering , woman . The beast is payment for rent , fair and square . So you 'd let a child go hungry ? The goat goes with us . A sassenach fleeing ' drunk forbye . ( all laughing ) Man : Madam , is everything all right ? I 'm sorry ? May I be of service ? Aye , you 'll keep your nose out of our business . I was speaking to the lady . The lady is a guest of clan mackenzie . Do you treat all your guests this way ? Hey , bugger off . Or maybe your lugs need cleaning out . I assure you , sir , my lugs are perfectly fine . Go home , laddie , and suckle on your ma 's tit , eh ? ( clicks tongue ) ( chuckling ) Now , get to it . We 're leaving . ( all laughing ) Dougal : Aye , aye , the land 's been good to ye this year . Aye . I hear ye 've had a braw harvest of oats . Aye . Galloway , I can tell you 've not been starving . ( all laughing ) You want to watch yer back around these drunken bastards Showing a pair of paps like thon . ( all laughing ) Aye . ( indistinct conversations ) ( conversation fades ) ( speaking other language ) ( people gasping ) ( speaking other language ) Aye . Aye , well enough . It 's not a great deal , but we canna expect much From a small place like this still . It 's a respectable sum . And with young jamie 's back to show , It 's money in the bank guaranteed . Be a good lass . Get a needle and thread . Mend that . Mend it yourself . ( scoffs ) I 'm not bloody doing it . The lad can wear rags from now on . Fine . Give it to me . I 'll mend my own shirt . Ned : Black pudding ? It 's an acquired taste , I know , but ... Thank you . How do you think colum will feel about you helping dougal Steal money from him to line his own pockets And using his nephew jamie to do it ? Aren 't you the canny lass ? Just wondering how it works . Two bags of money , obviously . Are there two sets of books as well , one for each brother ? Seems that you 've got it all sorted out . I 'll wager they don 't teach common thievery At the university of edinburgh . I suspect that 's a skill you 've acquired more recently . I must say , you got a good head on your shoulders And a tongue for argument as well . You 'd make a fine advocate yerself . It 's a pity they don 't allow women to practice law . Hmm . Not yet . Ah , it 'll be a few centuries before that happens . Only two . Claire : It felt as if dougal could read my mind , Like he was daring me to run . He had brought me along on this trip Because I earned his respect as a healer And at least some measure of trust . But now I could see that small trust slipping away , And with it , my dream of escape . The days passed in a blur , turning into weeks . We visited village after village , My feeling of helplessness growing . ( coins clinking ) Even amongst the vast and beautiful landscape , I felt trapped , As if I were back in the stone walls of castle leoch . Would I have to reconcile myself To live the rest of my life amongst strangers 200 years in the past ? ( horse whinnying ) No , no ! Leave us alone . What 's going on ? It 's the watch . Men you pay to protect your cattle . Otherwise , they 'll steal them themselves . Extortionists . Angus : Aye . ( groans ) hey , hey . ( speaking other language ) ( woman gasps ) Why burn the house ? Angus : It 's a warning . I heard talk in the village . The husband 's a sympathizer working with the redcoats . That 's only gossip . It 's no excuse for criminal behavior . The watch may be criminal , but they 're scots first . They can 't abide traitors who do the bidding Of the british army . ( indistinct conversations ) How many ? Man : Two . Two ? Claire : And dougal taking his cut ? I suppose that 's patriotism as well . Oh , no , no , no , no , my dear . No , no , no . No , that 's business . Where 's jamie ? Oh , he 's making himself scarce . He has a price on his head , remember . The watch would turn him over in a minute If they thought there was profit involved . Patriots until it profits them not to be . Their loyalty lies where the money lies . Dougal : Off we go . ( all laughing ) I was , I was slipping her the wee man All night long , And she was ganting for it . Ganting ! I gave the lassie such a seeing-to . She 'll be walking bow-legged for months . Aye , aye , you sleekit dog . No , thank you . I 'm not hungry . What 's the matter with you ? I 've no stomach for stolen food . Please yerself . And I don 't sit with thieves . Listen , you . Hey ! I will not be judged by an english whore . Jamie : Angus . Angus . She doesn 't want it , all the more for us , huh ? Jamie : Huh ? Excuse me . ( dougal laughs ) Here , rupert . There 's something to wrap your hands around Other than your todger . ( all laughing ) What 's got into you , woman , Talking to angus that way ? Angus can kiss my english arse . Aye , he 's a clarty bastard , But those are fighting words . Well , where I come from , we don 't ... It doesn 't matter where you come from . You 're here . So I 'm just to stand by and watch ? You 're not to judge things you don 't understand . Stay out of it , claire . ( speaking other language ) Torcall . You come to me with empty pockets . What 's going on ? Redcoats came through two days ago , House to house , took what they wanted . You know me , brother . Every year , I pay what I owe to the mackenzie . But tonight I canna feed my family . Your family will have supper tonight , And afterwards , you 'll join us for a drink . All of ye will eat ! Join us tonight for a dram . I know what you 're doing . The more mercy you show today , The more you collect tonight for yourself . Aye , the lassie can see right through us . We scots are not as canny as the english , yes . Good thing we 're not doing this in oxfordshire . What is it that you 're accusing me of ? A penny for the laird , a pound for your own pocket . Whatever you wish to call it . I call it clan business , and none of yours . ( speaking other language ) Claire : Events followed a familiar pattern , But for my sympathies for jamie , I had little interest in dougal 's self-serving performance . The language as alien as ever , but the sentiment clear . " give us your money , and we will protect you from the english , " from the sassenachs . " An awful sight , is it no ? Christ , I 'd die in my blood before I let a whey-faced sassenach use me so . Aye . ( speaking other language ) Claire : But then my ears sparked to a name I 'd heard somewhere before . ( speaking other language ) Claire : " long live the stuart . " Man : Of course that would be the second jacobite rising , the ' 45 . Second ? You know , some people actually argue That there were four uprisings . The first in 1715 , And the ' 45 was just the most famous one . Bonnie prince charlie and so on . Man : That 's it . ( laughs ) Charlie , the young pretender to the throne of britain , Was gathering stuart sympathizers Called jacobites for a rebellion . Surely your uncle lamb taught you some of this . What were you doing in the desert ? " jacobite , " derived from " jacobus , " The latin for " james , " since they were followers Of king james ii , the catholic king Dethroned by the protestants . Show-off . That 's it , quite right . So the jacobites dedicated themselves To restoring a catholic king . And charles stuart used the scottish highlanders To raise money for a jacobite army . A lost cause as it turned out . Claire : I was beginning to realize the activities Dougal and his men were involved in weren 't criminal . They were political . He was using the shocking display of jamie 's scars Not to frighten his audience , But to stir outrage against the british . Dougal was raising money for a jacobite army . Jamie : Devil take ye , dougal mackenzie . Kinsman or not , I don 't owe ye this . Dougal : I seem to recall a certain oath of obedience . " so long as my feet rest on the lands of clan mackenzie . " Jamie : I gave my word to colum , not to you . It 's one and the same , lad , and you ken it well . Outside of leoch , I am colum 's head , hands , as well as his legs . Jamie : I never saw a better case of the right hand Not knowing what the left was up to . The mackenzies , the macbeolains , the macvinishes ... None can force them to give against their will . But we have something in common . We want our king back where he belongs . Don 't you ? You have more to gain from a stuart throne than I do . If you don 't want to save your own silly neck ... My neck is my own concern , And so is my back . Not while you travel with me , sweet lad . ( grunting ) He 'll do that again , use you like that ? Aye . Aye , it gets him what he wants , you see . And you 'll let him ? He 's my uncle . A man has to , To choose What 's worth fighting for . As you ken well . Well , best get some sleep . Yes , of course . Try not to hit any more trees . Don 't worry . Trees are safe , sassenach . Good night . ( indistinct conversations ) Claire : The next morning as I watched them pack , I saw the men in a different light . Not criminals , but rebels . I wished I could tell them That they were on the losing side of history , That it was all a pipe dream . The stuarts would never unseat the protestant king george ii , But how could I tell them that , These proud , passionate men who lived and breathed For a flag of blue and white ? ( crows caw ) Dougal : Traitor . Claire : Even I knew that this was not the work of the watch But of the redcoats . They 've been out here at least a week . More , likely , by the smell . Bloody bastards ! Take them down . Wrap the bodies . We 'll give them a proper christian burial . ( dougal speaking other language ) ( footsteps thudding ) ( thudding continues ) ( both shouting ) What are you doing sneaking around outside my door ? I wasn 't sneaking about . I was sleeping Or trying to . Sleeping here ? Why ? The taproom 's full of townsmen half gone with drink . I was worried some of them might venture up here in search of Well ... I didn 't think you 'd care overmuch for such attentions . After the events of today , I doubt any of them Are feeling very kindly towards an englishwoman . ( chuckles ) I 'm sorry I stepped on you . You 're being kind . You can 't sleep out here . At least come into the room . It 's warmer . Sleep in your room with you ? I couldn 't do that . Your reputation would be ruined . My reputation ? You 've slept under the stars with me before , You and ten other men . That isn 't the same thing at all . Well , at least let me give you the blanket off my bed . Or is that too scandalous ? I 'll be right here . Night . Good morning , mr . Mactavish . Morning , mistress . Now , if you 'll excuse me , The horses will be needin their breakfast as well . ( muffled laughter ) ( speaking other language ) ( all laughing ) Why did you let me think you were thieves ? What 's made you think otherwise ? Dougal 's speech the other night . I thought you had no gaelic . Well , I 've picked up enough to understand what " long live the stuart " sounds like . You might 've picked up more than you should . What if I told you That the odds were stacked against you ? And which odds are those ? The british army is the best in the world . Oh , that 's a known fact . What of it ? You 're raising money for a war that you cannot win . And that worries you , does it ? You 're the ones that should be worried . ( speaking other language ) ( all laughing ) You talk as if the future is already decided . Outmanned we may be , But I would match our fighting hearts Against the best army in the world . Fighting hearts don 't stand a chance against cannons . You are going to lose . That 's your opinion , And you 're entitled to it . It 's a fact , ned . You have to believe me . History will never record the name of another stuart king , But it will record the names of thousands of highlanders Who 've died needlessly for a doomed cause . History be damned . ( speaking other language ) ( all laughing ) ( speaking other language ) ( laughing ) Here we go . ( all shouting ) Get up ! Pick him up ! Hold the bastard ! ( growls ) Claire : Three split lips , two bloody noses , Twelve smashed knuckles , and four loosened teeth . And my ribs hurt a bit . Rupert : Bastard 's fingernail was sharp as a boar 's tooth . He 's gouged a hole in me . Ow ! You 're such crybabies . I 've tended to six-year-olds braver than you lot . Any excuse for a fight . You were the excuse . Me ? It was your honor we were defending . The lout called you a whore . You 're a guest of the mackenzie . We can insult you , But god help any other man that does . ( whispering indistinctly ) ( murmuring ) Rupert : So there I am in bed , Harelip chrissie on my left And sweaty netty , the butcher 's daughter , on my right . They get jealous of each other , Start arguing ' about who I 'm goin ' to swive first . Can you believe it ? I believe your left hand gets jealous of your right . That 's about all I believe . ( laughing ) You 're a witty one . ( continues laughing ) I 've never heard a woman make a joke ! There 's a first time for everything . ( continues laughing ) Hard ride ahead . Three days till we cross culloden moor . Claire : Culloden moor . Frank : You can see how flat and open and boggy it is . The highland army was completely exposed , And they then charged into the teeth of musket fire , Cannons , mortars With nothing more than their broadswords , for the most part . It was very , very quick and very bloody . The whole thing took less than an hour . How many were killed ? Jacobites lost something in the region of 2,000 men . But the interesting thing is That in the years following culloden , The estates of the clan chieftains were plundered , sold . The government banned the wearing of tartan . They banned the carrying of swords , Even the gaelic language . In effect , culloden marked the end of the clans And the end of the highlander way of life . Claire : 1746 , three years from now . And what of these mackenzie men ? How many of them were doomed to die On that wretched battlefield ? Here , let me see . Thank you , angus . Eh . I 'm going to the river to wash . Let her go . ( softly ) now , as regards the transactions ... ( sighs ) Comparatively successful despite the earlier setbacks . Dougal : Who are you ? An english lady of oxfordshire . That 's what you 'd have us believe . But you would seem to be a lady Of strong political opinions , eh ? There 's no harm in an opinion . You 've seen things on the road . You tell the redcoats , And we 'll be bound to crosses just like the men we cut down . I 'm not a spy . Maybe not . But ye 're sowing ' the seeds of doubt in our midst , Working behind the cover of yer woman 's skirts To undermine the cause . I am trying to warn you . Huh . Warn me about what ? Eh ? I 'm trying to save your life . Soldier : Madam ... Pleasure to see you again . ( horse neighs ) Once more , I ask you ... Is everything all right ? Hello , again , officer . Lieutenant jeremy foster Of his majesty 's army . And this time I do mean to ascertain the lady 's well-being . The lady is none of your concern . And you are ? Dougal mackenzie , War chief and brother to colum , Laird of the mackenzie clan And the lands upon which you stand . Mackenzie or not , If you are holding this english lady against her wishes , You 'll be dealt with . Tell me , madam , are you here by your own choice ?
