 The original Fringe Team didn 't vanish . They aren 't missing . You 're right . They 're in amber . Previously on Fringe ... Olivia ! [ Gasping ] Olivia , breathe . You 're in the year 2036 . I want you to meet Etta . Hi , mama . Where 's Walter ? Don 't move ! Who freed you and your team from the amber ? [ Ah-choo ] What plan ? To defeat us ? ( Computer ) Air control malfunction . Walter ! Walter , do you recognize this ? It 's meant to collect and make sense of the scrambled plan in your mind . What plan ? ( Peter ) You know , I think that I would be happy to stay here for the rest of my life . [ Chuckles ] We should probably get her home soon , get her into a bath , which is never easy . I nominate you for that one . Etta . Come on , kiddo . It 's time to go home . [ Rumbling ] [ People screaming ] ( Peter ) Etta ! Etta , come here now ! [ Overlapping shouting ] [ Background chatter ] Excuse me . What happened ? You were caught in a blast . ( Peter ) She was with us . She was a ... little girl . - Peter ? - I 'm sorry . No children were brought in . That can 't be right . She was standing right in front of me . People are lost all over the city . She 's around here someplace . Where are they taking the kids ? - Etta ! Etta ! - Peter ! [ Gasps ] You 're okay . You were dreaming about her ? You said her name . I 'm still trembling . For us , it 's like it all just happened a couple of months ago . But it didn 't . She 's here , and we 're here . We 're okay now . [ Door shuts ] Good morning . - Not for Walter . - Something 's wrong . Why ? What 's up ? Not the thing working can 't it 's not . The thought unifier 's having adverse effects . He 's talking out of sequence . Two hours ago the Christmas tree Macy 's sale - to have a nap . - Get that thing off of him . Okay . I 'm not an amateur , Peter . I need this contraption if I am to retrieve the plan to defeat the observers from the depths of my memory . We don 't know if there 's anything left to retrieve , and we don 't know what that thing is doing to you . [ Speaks in Swedish ] Swedish ? He was speaking Portuguese earlier . Good morning . I hope the floor wasn 't too bad . Oh , no , I slept well . Thank you . Thanks . So how 's it coming ? So far we know that , at some point in the past , Walter knew both Portuguese and Swedish . Other than that , nothing . Walter , you 've always documented things . So are you absolutely sure that you didn 't write anything down ? I can 't remember , but anything 's possible . Even if there were files , you can 't go back to Harvard . We can 't get in . Why not ? It was taken over by observers five years ago . Some kind of base or ... no one knows exactly . The entire four-mile radius is a no-go zone . What 's wrong ? Why can 't we get into Harvard ? It 's been taken over by observers , Walter . Well , that 's not a problem for someone who 's done acid . So are these barriers around Walter 's lab checkpoints ? Yeah . No one gets in without paperwork . Tunnels . We don 't have time to dig tunnels , Walter , or the manpower . We don 't have to dig them . They 're already there . Steam tunnels . Right beneath us , 2 1 / 4 miles of tunnels that house the steam pipes that heat Harvard . They stretch from the Cambridge electric company plant on Western Avenue , to Soldiers Field , to the Law School , to the science labs . They made sure the entrances were well-hidden . Few have seen the mysterious passageways . Peter . Yahtzee . ( Guard ) Your papers are in order . Please proceed . [ Background chatter ] The temperature in the tunnels usually hovers around 100 degrees , sometimes as high as 120 . You might want to take that coat off , dear . Sometimes Belly and I would wear swim trunks and speedos . [ Clanking ] What was that ? [ Clanking ] Quick , out of the way ! Hey . I 've been looking for you . This way . Oh , my . I must have ambered it . Why ? To protect it , I imagine . What is it ? ( Walter ) It 's my betamax recorder on a tripod . Look where it 's standing . Look at the blast pattern . This is the amber point of origin . I must have been standing right here when I ambered this lab . I don 't think I wrote anything down . I think I was making a video . ( Astrid ) The question is , is the tape still in there ? There 's only one way to find out . [ Chuckles ] When did I switch to grape ? [ Clatter ] On your knees . ( Guard ) Who are you people ? ( Peter ) What are you doing here ? ( Etta ) He 's a Loyalist . He 's not gonna tell us anything . Gael Manfretti . Nothing but bread crumbs . Baldies feed you well , Gael ? ( Peter ) Maybe this was part of his patrol . Why would he have come here ? I mean , the place is abandoned . For all we know , we tripped some silent alarm . Either way , someone 's gonna notice him missing sooner or later . We need to stay . If that camera 's the key to helping Walter remember , we have to get it . I need the laser . ( Etta ) What about the device I used to free you with ? No , it won 't work . The amber 's too thick . It 'll probably push the camera further in . I need a proper laser . Well , Walter , could you make one ? Where there 's a will , there 's a way . There 's no power . At all . All the ambering must have blown everything . Yeah , Walter , I think it 's blown all the way back to the campus substation . Well , a laser needs power , Peter . The substation 's in the basement of the science building . That 's the only way we 're gonna get power . We can get there using the tunnels . Well , wait a minute . We don 't even know if it 's the science building anymore . We have no idea what 's in there or what could be waiting for us . We don 't . But he does . I 'm sure he knows plenty . You don 't seem to talk much . I 'm gonna give you one more chance . What do you know about the science building ? You 're a real open book . It 's okay . I 'm good at opening books . Where did you get that ? It 's not important . What 's important is that I have it . What do they use the science building for ? [ Shrieks ] I don 't think you want to waste any more precious time . Criterion collection , forgive me . Walter , it 's just a laser disc player . We need the laser . - Peter . - No , no . No , it should be me . [ Chuckles ] Walter , I don 't think this laser disc tube can generate enough power . We need a better gain ratio . Flying vermin . You 'd think after 21 years the observers would have found a way to get rid of them first . Or at least found a use for them . Maybe freeze-dry them and hand them out to the poor as sustenance . We 're gonna need a helium-neon mix . There should be one or two canisters ... In the storage room off my office . I 'll get them . [ Whimpering , grunting ] ( Etta ) I 'm gonna ask you again . What do we need to know about the science building ? Etta ? What are you doing ? It 's called an Angel Device . It stirs up and destabilizes every atom in his body . Full-charge steals around 25 , 30 years . But this is a long way from a full charge . He 's so disorientated by the process he loses the will to lie . Or he holds out until his heart fails . But most of them give us what we need to know . And if they don 't ? - What are you doing ? - I 'm giving him water . You want to kill him , go ahead . That 's how you 'll do it . He can 't have water yet . Not for another three hours . He 's not worth a single tear . Loyalists sell out their own kind like rats . I know you just woke up , but look around you , mom . Can 't you see what the observers have brought ? This is war . And we 're losing . ( Walter ) Etta ! I 'll be right back . Just don 't get too near him . Walter , what 's up ? Don 't you wear a necklace ? The clasp was loose . I took it off to try to fix it . Why ? Then you won 't mind me melting it down . Don 't worry . We just need the silver for solder . Thank you . How do I look ? Like you 're in pain . You know , my absence won 't go unnoticed . I don 't believe that anybody 's coming to look for you . See , I don 't think that you 're here because we were seen or because we triggered some sort of alert . I think that you came here to feed the birds . Look , I 'm guessing you 're probably not even supposed to be in this building , so even if you are missed , this would be the last place anybody would look . You need to tell her what she wants to know now . You need to tell her before you get worse . You 've already lost years of your life . Now come on . You must have something to live for . I 'm trying to help you . You don 't have the authority to do that . Do you ? Well , what authority do I need ? You know , a Loyalist just doesn 't walk away when they 've been captured by the Resistance . How can you be so sure ? Where are you from ? Why ? You 're new to the Resistance . I 've been around a lot longer than you may think . Look ... I 'm not gonna survive this . And I 'm not afraid to die , so I will tell her what she needs to know if you will go and tell my son I 'm not coming home ... and that I loved him very much . I don 't want him to keep looking for me . I don 't want him hoping he 'll see me again . I 've seen that too many times , people waiting for people who never come home . [ Door opens and shuts ] Everyone has an access code . You can 't get in without one . And what 's in the building ? The main power grid is still there . Other than that , I don 't know . I don 't go below the first floor . We don 't ask . Rumors mainly . - What kind of rumors ? - Experiments . On what ? On everything . My access code is a two-part code . The first part is 010567 . And the second part ? Me . Can we beat an ocular scanner ? We have his code to access the building , but there are scanners at every point . ( Peter ) Well , that didn 't take long . What 's wrong ? ( Peter ) Where did this come from ? Barbaric . What has the world come to ? How could the Resistance create such a device ? We didn 't . The Loyalists did . It 's old second-gen observer tech . It was designed to prepare observers for time travel . But , as you can see , the Loyalists figured out a new way to use it on us . No reason we shouldn 't use it on them . [ Whistles blow ] [ Shouts , vehicle approaching ] It 's just a transport truck . We 're okay . Well , as far as ocular scanners go , the only surefire way is to bring him with you . It 's impossible . Look at him . I 'm gonna look at your eye . And , if you can 't bring him with you , - there 's only one way . - I agree . Walter , you can 't . Of course I can . Rather easily in fact . Astril , I 'm gonna need a sharp scalpel and my long-handled stainless spoon . [ Grunts ] I 'll need another . Pay attention to the texture . Make sure it 's spongy . You know , the vietnamese consider pigs ' eyes to be a delicacy . Even ones that have been sitting in formaldehyde for 20 years ? Yes , that should do nicely . Are you sure this will work , Walter ? " In a pig 's eye . " I wonder what the origin of that term- - Walter . [ Grunts ] Certainly . An iris is like a fingerprint . Each has its own unique pattern . And , if we can mimic that pattern , we can trick the scanner into thinking that this pig 's eye is our tattooed friend there . The world has changed so much . It can be difficult to understand it . I 'm not sure I want to understand it . Not bad . Yeah ? You 're next . How 's he doing ? He 's getting there . Thank you . For what ? When I said it was logical for me to go turn the power on instead of you . That I know protocol if something goes off track and that Peter should go because he 's the engineer . I appreciate you respecting my experience . 'Cause I know you 'd rather it be you . I know you like to be in control . So do I. I did my best , but it has to be exact . Well , is this exact ? We 'll find out . [ Background chatter ] [ Elevator beeps ] Gentlemen . Why does someone join the Loyalists ? Pain . There were Resistance fighters near my building . They were gonna blow up a city bus - full of them . - Invaders . My children were outside . One of them was killed . My oldest boy . I 'm sorry . I know something about losing a child . So , after that moment , I just wanted to be safe . You know , I was angry at the Resistance because ... it 's hopeless . So I do this job . They give us a safe place to live , get taken care of , they look after us . And I don 't have to worry , at least about my boy . I 'll never understand you people . You can 't win . The world would be a much safer place if you just stopped trying to fight them . What 's Manfretti doing in building four ? That 's not his sector . Manfretti , come in , over . Manfretti ? Answer it . We had an agreement . Now answer it . Hey , there . What 's up ? The hell you doing accessing the medical science wing ? You 're supposed to be in sector seven . Tell them that you needed to change a fuse . A fuse blew . I went to fix it . Since when does security change fuses ? Who asked you to do that ? Number 19 . Big guy 19 , really ? Yeah . Really . Change your stupid fuse and get back to your post . [ Beeps , clicks ] You knew if they went to that area they wouldn 't be cleared . No , I didn 't . I 've never been anywhere I wasn 't supposed to be . ( Etta ) Simon . Etta ? Etta , no , no , stop , stop . What are you doing ? We have to keep on moving . Think of the tape . Think about what 's on it . Think about your future . There will be a time for vengeance and a time for grieving , but it is not now . Stop . Stop . They 'll pay for what they 've done . I promise . ( Manfretti ) Do you really think you can win ? Well , we have to win . So that all the people that died , including your son , didn 't die for nothing . Now . [ Music playing ] Let there be light . ( Astrid ) Walter , we have to turn them off or someone could see us . Wait . Let 's see if this still works . [ Music turns off ] Yes . - You ready ? - Yeah . [ Grunts ] Invigorating . You want a go ? Peter ? What happened ? [ Door shuts ] Etta . I 'm really sorry about Agent Foster . Freedom has its costs . Simon knew that . Get up . You 're traveling . Where are you taking him ? He 's useless to us now . I 'm turning him over to the Resistance . ( Olivia ) He says no one ever comes back . And Resistance fighters don 't come back when they 're taken in by loyalists . HQ will get whatever else they can from him and dispose of him , and the world will be a tiny bit safer . ( Olivia ) Look , I know you 're upset right now , but he did give us the code . Yeah , of course he did . It 's natural human instinct . To live as long as possible . It 's the same quality they use to turn us into slaves . He joined them in order to protect what was left of his family , you know , his son . He 's a liar . That 's what they 're trained to do . He has no son . He gave you the code because he saw in your eyes a weakness . He saw in your eyes that you could be manipulated , that maybe , maybe he could convince you to let him go . But that 's not gonna happen , sweetheart . Etta , I understand how hurt you must be . You don 't know my world . You 're right . I don 't know your world . But I had hoped for you that , wherever you were , you weren 't hardened by what had happened to you . And it 's not that I don 't see what the observers have brought , I do . But what concerns me more is what they 've taken away . This is the world . It is what it is . Don 't move . [ Door opens and shuts ] 143 Dunstable Street . Number seven . His name is Oscar . I keep my word . I know you do . Walter . I need a sedative . [ Murmurs ] That can be arranged . [ Door opens ] That 's a comm device . If Walter needs anything else for the laser , I 'll be able to get it for him . There you are . You don 't have a son , do you ? No . I was hoping , right up until the last minute , that she could somehow convince you . You were right about me . I became a Loyalist because I 'm a coward . Get out of here . I 'm gonna fight . For the Resistance . I want you to know that . You don 't have to lie anymore . I already let you go . Well , that 's why this time I 'm hoping you believe me . I mean , this can come in useful . There aren 't many Resistance fighters with an active tat ID . You said I saw something in her eyes . You were right . There was a certainty that I 've never seen before , and I don 't know how to explain it other than to say I felt ... for the first time that we were supposed to win . Why are you letting me live ? Something that I saw in her eyes as well . Pity . Pity for who ? For all of us . Got it . It looks like the heat from the laser might have damaged the PVC . It might have damaged the tape . I told you we should have gone slower . Whoever you are , if you found this tape , you 've retrieved it from amber . If you are watching this , then you know very well that the observers have invaded . I am most probably dead , and unfortunately my plan to stop them has failed . I have documented all the parts of the plan on videotapes . You must recover each tape and follow the instructions on each of those tapes to retrieve all the parts of the plan . Once you do so , what you need to do will be clear to you . If successful , this plan will restore us and rid the world of the observers . You were chosen for this . This is your destiny . I understand if you 're frightened . It will not be easy , but I trust that the same will that brought you here will keep you going . It- - Gentle , Peter . [ Comm device beeps ] I 'm on my way back . Okay . ( Peter ) Here we go . But I trust that the same will that brought you here will keep you going . It is important that you follow the tapes . You must begin this journey right away . You are humanity 's only hope . Now you must retrieve the first tape .
