 I swore an oath . We all did . To protect the world against the much weirder world . Skye : It 's got to be some sort of activation signal To hydra members within s.H.I.E.L.D. Coulson : We 've had a wolf in the herd the whole time . Ward : They 've infiltrated the highest levels of our organization . Ward ! Ward ! Ward , you don 't have to do this ! Skye : Fitz - - is he okay ? Talbot : On behalf of the United States armed forces , I order you to stand down . Triplett : We 're not hydra . We 're agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. Well , right now , to the rest of the world , Fury always said a man can accomplish anything When he realizes he 's a part of something bigger . You want me to start over , rebuild s.H.I.E.L.D. May : What is this place ? I call it the playground . It is an honor to meet you , sir . I know we don 't have much , but what we have is yours , Director coulson . [ man shouting in german ] [ distant explosions ] [ shouting in german ] I don 't think I need to remind you that the clock is ticking . We are almost finished loading . Herr reinhardt , I-I fear schmidt - - Oh , there 's no reason left to fear the red skull . He 's dead . However , his vision is not . The work hydra has done will live on . The obelisk ? They are bringing it out now . Carefully , I hope . [ indistinct shouting in distance ] I don 't understand . I thought this stockpile held only artifacts . Not everything we dug out of the ground Was an antique , my friend . Some of it was quite advanced . Is this the reason these men ... ? Hmm ? Ja . The red skull said it may hold the answer - - The answer to death itself . [ indistinct shouting ] I 'll give them an " a " for effort . Guten tag , boys . All right , nice and calm . No sudden moves , or we 'll tie a blasting cap to your ... Hey , dugan , what 's the german word for " nuts " ? But tie a blasting cap to them , I 'll bet we 'll hear it . Put it down . Down . These assets are now under the protection Of the strategic scientific reserve . They 'll be relocated and hidden out of sight , indefinitely ... As will you . Cut off one head , two more shall grow in its place . Then I guess we 'll keep cutting them off . Get him out of here . All right , boys , let 's pack it up . Agent carter , what the hell is all this stuff ? [ lid slams ] dangerous . Right now , we need to contain everything And get it out of enemy territory . Mr. Stark plans to go through it tonight . And that , we must never touch . This is the last hydra site we know of . They 're finally beaten . Dugan : You don 't sound thrilled . Someone needs to establish a permanent unit during peacetime . And watch over people like stark who are toying with it . Until then , all we can do Is box it up , lock it up , and dedicate ourselves To making sure it never sees the light of day . [ flashbulb pops ] [ thunder rumbles ] We 've got ears on them . The package is in the open . Don 't engage until the deal 's done . [ gun cocks ] copy that . Trip , we got eyes ? Now we do . Browning : That 's what I 'm selling . I 'm sure you 'd like to see some credentials . Agent browning , for ex-s.H.I.E.L.D. , You seem awfully indifferent to who we are . What you are is the highest bidder . Whether you 're in it for profit or for hydra , It doesn 't concern me , not anymore . That 's what we want to hear . What are they buying from him ? Intel , not hardware . The mystery I 'd like to solve is , Why should we be paying you so much ? This looks like a box . Sorry - - a picture of a box ... A picture of a box you don 't have . The government has it , Along with thousands of other assets And they don 't know what to make of half of them . I worked in a s.H.I.E.L.D. Containment facility That had hundreds of boxes that look just like this . But this is the only one That has a level 10 classified file dedicated to it . You 're selling us a needle in a haystack . Finding the haystack is up to you . I know your reputation . I 'm sure you 'll be fine . What I don 't appreciate is you changing the terms on me now . We 're asking for clarification , browning . You 're the one who changed the terms , Bringing more than the two guards we agreed upon . I only brought two guards . [ grunts ] [ bones crack ] [ metal clanging ] What the hell are you doing here ? Who was that ? A third party . A party 's what you 'd call that ? Triplett : He 's gone . 25-foot drop . This was supposed to be an undercover operation . You want to explain why you 're shadowing us ? We were your backup , which you needed . Yeah . So did he . [ siren wails in distance ] Sir , mark 's down . Third party , possibly hydra , and we 're out in the open . What are our orders ? Go dark . They 're fugitives , and they deserve to be punished . We witnessed the single greatest intelligence collapse In recorded history , george . [ ratcheting ] We have a duty to the american people To hunt down those responsible . So , no , I don 't sleep most nights . General talbot , you said you have s.H.I.E.L.D. Personnel And weaponry locked in a secure facility , So is it fair to say that s.H.I.E.L.D. And the hydra terrorists who poisoned its ranks The corrupt institution has been dismantled , yes . [ vehicle approaches ] we cut down the tree , We pulled up the roots , but let 's just say I 'll rest easier when we throw it all on the bonfire . Were the reason the guy believed we weren 't with s.H.I.E.L.D. She 's the only person on your team he trusts . But why 'd you break silhouette protocol ? We can 't maintain solid cover with agents tailing us . And we can 't be sure you won 't run off with the money . Any idea how that freak show found us , hartley ? Cool it . The man said we were the highest bidder . That means he sent the word out wide . And he paid for that mistake . Yes , he did . That 's an understatement . Agent may . Agent skye . Lance hunter . Agent hartley . What gave you that idea ? That 's a shame , man . I was hoping that agent you were scoping out Would have some tech we could use . Sorry , mack . No new toys . You get anything ? A new enemy . I know . I know . Director wants you for debrief . The feeling is mutual . Throw him up on the big screen . We 'll tell him that his enemies have gone bulletproof . He 's in his office . Idaho : [ whistles ] wow . Coulson 's here ? Kind of buried the lead there , bill . Just agent may . Copy that . Really ? Well , tell him I 'd like to voice my opinion , too , On being kept in the dark , 'cause I don 't like being left ... Out . Get used to it . So , the guy was bulletproof , huh ? That 's sweet . What - - like , protective clothing or ... ? Maybe . We found these metal shards . They broke off with the bullet hits . [ metal rattles ] I 'm gonna take it to the lab . I 'll let coulson know . It 'll be good to see him ... If I see him . He 's a busy man . Coulson : Sorry . That 's all I can give you . Try to move up with your head down . And , hey , only use the dead drop from now on . There aren 't enough pay phones left in this country . Hi . You 're the man in charge , but I 'm in charge of you , remember ? I had two rules . Avoid field operations - - And check in with me every few days . It 's been two weeks . And I 'm flying back out tonight . I have to focus on recruitment . It 's starting to wear me down . The hours ? The numbers . Between the traitors , military detainees , And the sell-outs in the private sector , The people who could possibly be considered loyal to s.H.I.E.L.D. Is not impressive . And they 're scattered all over the damn globe . Well , you have no choice but to meet them face-to-face , Get a read on them . I know , and I prefer it . But flying economy blows . [ sighs ] Any progress on the cloaking equipment ? Like I can tell . Well , we need it now , badly . Our plane 's been gathering dust for months , But I still can 't risk a takeoff With this guy trying to throw us on a bonfire , Though I did score an exit row on the way back from london . And what was in london ? Allies ... Ready to be activated , if necessary . It 's a decent start , But it 's gonna be slow-going without more resources . We were hoping agent browning would be a friend . And if not , at least sell us tech . Negative on both . The assassin - - hydra ? Likely . Possibly gifted . Killed browning . He wanted the intel . Another 0-8-4 , I guess . What 's your assessment of hartley 's people ? You know what I think . They 're mercenaries , here for the money . But what 's your assessment ? They 're good mercenaries . Well , hartley spent a lot of years undercover . Those are the kinds of friends you make . If she trusts them ... What ? S.S.R. I just read about this . It 's not in any of the history books . No . It 's in fury 's toolbox . Koenig , cancel my flights . What did it say about this ? An 0-8-4 could be anything - - that much we 've learned . It 's not just an 0-8-4 . It 's the first . And all fury knew about was the trail of bodies that follows it . Talbot 's saying he 's beaten both sides , But we 're just hiding underground . If hydra gets their hands on this , They may not have to . [ beeping ] Hail hydra . Yeah . Is the package secure ? Uploading now . He expected a positive result And sent a gift along as a reward - - For this assignment and the next . [ beeping ] A diamond . Musgravite , from the caves of madagascar , One of the rarest gemstones in the world . He believes you 'll find its structure quite pleasurable . Was he right ? [ sighs ] He 's always right . I didn 't have much to work with . It was farm to table . It broke my tooth . That 's ' cause you 're english . Hartley , hunter , idaho . What 's the word ? The director requests an audience ? Oh , the man doesn 't do requests . And , listen , when we get in there , no matter what you do , Don 't look him in the eye . Really ? Nah , he 's all right . Hartley : But you should both focus on Not saying anything overly stupid . Yes , ma 'am . Hunter : I 'm not making any promises . [ sighs ] you took the material to the lab ? That 's the top priority now . Yeah . But I don 't know what it 'll get us . How 's the mood in there today ? It 's as good as can be expected . Fitz , now would be the time I 'd have you test The resonant frequencies of the metal So that I could determine what properties we 're dealing with . Fitz ? Fitz , can you even hear me ? [ breathes deeply ] Yes , simmons , I can hear you . I 'm trying to hear the bloody resonant frequency You keep going on about , but all I can hear is you . Calm down . I 'm only asking . You haven 't been able to isolate - - No , I haven 't been able to isolate the ... The , um ... [ snaps fingers ] The ... Rate of oscillation . Yes . I was just about to say that , actually . And , no , I haven 't because it keeps ... Um ... [ sighs ] What 's the word again ? Give me the word . Fluctuating . Yes . Good . Fine . Thanks . Go away . [ pen clicks ] Have you taken your medication ? Yes . [ pills rattle ] hmm . Don 't . Don 't . Please don 't touch anything . That 's the cloaking technology for the plane . How 's it coming ? Good . I 've had a few bumps , but it 's - - I 'm close . And I don 't need you mucking it up . Fitz , I 'm trying to help . But I also know how important cloaking is , okay ? So I just need everybody to be ... I just need everybody to be , um ... Patient . Yes . [ thud ] [ sighs ] You need to be patient with yourself , fitz . You 're almost there . Yeah . Yeah , I 'm almost there . Any update on the metal we found ? Yeah . Yep . Yep . Um , no . Actually , no . I 'm just having a bit of trouble identifying the ... A bit of trouble - - I 'm having a bit of trouble identifying the material . Okay . Yeah , so , this is the same lead that we use in our bullets , But there 's ... There is something ... Bleeding . Uh ... Uh , okay . That 's - - are you - - can you see that ? Looks like flesh . Yeah , I see it . It 's blood . [ exhales sharply ] good . I mean , that 's - - what ? That 's weird . Can you figure out whose blood ? That shouldn 't be too hard . That shouldn 't be too hard . I 'll stay and help anyway . Coulson : So the man had powers ? We emptied our mags at the guy . Might as well have been blowing kisses . Never seen anything like it . Hunter : I have . Come with better financial compensation . Hunter ... What ? Don 't be yourself right now . Look , you both have your s.H.I.E.L.D. Traditions And all that nonsense , And personal reasons for being dedicated to the cause , But you 've known me a long time , izzy . And what gets me out of bed in the morning ? He 's not a " big picture " kind of guy . And you should have listened to her , too . Dna match . Carl creel . He was on the index . More importantly , crossed off the index . S.H.I.E.L.D. Protocol . Sometimes hostile gifted individuals are put down . Well , they didn 't do a great job here . They didn 't try . Check who was the supervising agent . Agent john garrett . They must have faked creel 's termination , recruited him . Well , now we know he 's hydra . Hunter : John garrett ? Isn 't that your mate who , you know ... Went to the dark side ? Oh , yeah . Then he went nuts . Triplett : It 's a little bit strange . I mean , they 're exactly the same . You really think they were just twins ? I have heard all your theories , trip . And koenig 's always mentioning other brothers . Every day , another brother . If he brings up one more brother , I don 't know what I 'm gonna do . Coulson said we can trust him . There 's something fishy going on there , man . You 'll go crazy staring at this crap . What is it again ? Not sure . Something garrett was messing with . Coulson put me on it a month ago , Searching deep web contacts , even rising tide , Looking for a match . I 've got nothing . Triplett : [ chuckles ] there he is . [ chuckles ] happy to see you , sir . Agent triplett , skye . Sir . Can you give us a moment ? Watch this . What ? No hugs ? He was really looking forward to it . I 've cross-checked the writing from the lab With the new images you 've given me . But the code breakers haven 't found anything - - That 's not why I 'm here . The bulletproof assassin you encountered on the sting ? We know who he is . You want me to go down there , don 't you ? You 're the only one who can . Is this really what it takes for you and I To get a one-on-one these days ? Why now ? Because the technology in play warrants it . And do I have a say in this ? [ sighs ] Copy that . There 's an inertial confinement laser barrier down there , Which is cool . Now this button turns it soundproof . This button makes it opaque . Just tell me there isn 't An " off " button I can accidentally hit . You 'll be safe . I promise . [ door beeps ] [ door opens ] [ energy hums ] Aren 't you a sight for sore eyes . I told coulson weeks ago That I was willing to speak to you - - To give you intelligence . Why now ? Something bad happen ? Carl creel . Garrett reported him dead . Turns out he 's alive . Do you have any information on that ? How have you been ? The name sounds familiar . Do you have a picture ? [ energy crackling ] Coulson didn 't tell you . I went through a ... Rough stretch . First pair of pants they gave me had a - - A button on the back . They took that away . But you fold a piece of paper just right , It gets sharp . When they took that away , I started running at the walls . You should have run faster . I 'm through all that . When I came out of sedation , I was clear-headed , Accepting ... Of who I am , what I 've done , And why . May : You sure about this ? Giving ward exactly what he wants ? Of course he said he 'd only talk to skye . He wants to fill her head with lies . He hasn 't lied yet . Your arms tell a different story . I see may 's training you . She 's got you favoring your left side first 'cause you 're right-handed . Smart . I 'm gonna say this once . I 'm not gonna believe a word that comes out of your mouth . But if a single word is about Anything other than the question that I 'm asking , I walk . Okay . Creel was a boxer , nicknamed the crusher . Turns out any opponent has a glass jaw When you have steel fists under your gloves . Garrett thought he 'd be an asset . Now , once creel touches a substance , He can absorb it and somehow consciously transform The molecules of his body into that substance . He wouldn 't tell us how , But he enjoys the way it feels ... Almost as much as he enjoys killing . You two must have gotten along great . Well , this was fun but pointless . So if you don 't know where to find him , then - - wait . When hydra was communicating with s.H.I.E.L.D. , Between s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s quantum key distribution channels To hide messages . Now , s.H.I.E.L.D. Might be gone , But not those frequencies . If hydra is giving commands to creel , That 'll be how . It 's true , and so will be every word I say to you For the rest of my life . I 'm not asking for forgiveness . I just want to help you . And when that information proves true , There 's so much I want to tell you about ... [ tablet beeps ] [ sighs ] ... Your father . [ beeping ] There 's a directive going out over those channels right now . Now , I can ping an echo request , See if there 's other receivers out there , How many hydra agents can communicate this way . So he 's telling the truth . It looks like it . Thank you . I guess that visit was the first of many , huh ? We kept ward here for this reason , And it 's paying off . [ exhales sharply ] what is his deal ? I really don 't know , But it doesn 't matter , As long as he 's giving us an inside look At hydra 's operations . Koenig : Yeah , guys ? About that . [ beeping ] May : You called it . Talbot hasn 't crushed hydra . Just sent them slithering back to the shadows . I hate being right . The navy ? [ chuckles ] He said that ? You must be kidding me . He said he likes boats . He likes messing with his old man is what it is . Don 't go far . Excuse me . I 'll tell you what - - I 'll have something to say about that . Sweetheart , he 's 11 . I 'm sure you 'll wear him down soon enough . [ cellphone ringing ] [ chuckles ] Glenn . Yeah ? Your phone 's ringing . That 's not my - - [ ringing continues ] Take george . Get to the car now . What ? Now ! Okay . All right . Who is this ? Coulson : General talbot , you 're in danger . We 're here to ensure your safety . Please listen carefully . Agent coulson , is this you ? Show yourself so we can talk about it . There 's no time . We 're here to protect you . Listen to me . I have my own protection and a cell for you at gitmo . [ cellphone beeps ] This is talbot . I need reinforcements at my location now . May : Watch your six ! [ both grunting ] [ grunts ] [ grunting ] Secure that bastard ! Move , move , move ! General , let 's get you to cover , sir . Soldier : Right there ! Go , go ! General , we should get you somewhere safe . General ? Hi , again . [ sighs ] son of a bitch . [ tires screech ] Are these straps really necessary ? You tell me . I guess . To ensure your safety . I 'm hoping we can work together , Be buddies like we used to be . " buddies " ? Last time we saw each other , You assaulted me and my team . So I could go stop a killer , which I did . Whereas you discovered that secret base . Got a big promotion , brigadier general talbot . Sounds like a pair of best buds to me . I got to say ... I respect you . You managed to evade us for an entire winter . And I respect you for making it so damn hard . I 'm exhausted . [ chuckles ] I 'll bet . But I want to make your job easier . Chasing us is a waste of resources , general . And we can help you catch the bad guys . Kidnapping me and tying me up in your honeycomb kill room Is not helping your case . Do you think I 'm an idiot ? Oh , no . You 're the real deal . But you 're surrounded by people Who constantly underestimate the threat they 're up against . Me and my people swore an oath we don 't intend to break - - To protect the innocent , to watch out for people - - People like your son . How dare you bring my family into this . We save lives , including yours , whether you like it or not . That was smooth . Riled him up , got him to grab the arm rests , And now active fingerprint analysis - - 89 % . Everyone 's safe . No one got hurt . Look at koenig , running analysis . Well , it looks like we 've got our new golden boy . " new " ? As opposed to the original ? Yes . Me . And I 've been sidelined . No . Well , I mean , maybe , But in the way that a player is sidelined Due to injury in a football match . Football or american football ? 'cause a head-trauma joke right now , simmons , That 's in severely poor taste , even for you . [ sighs ] And I see the way they look at me . Especially when they keep on asking about the ... No , they 're just anxious about it . They know you 're nearly done . Yeah , well , I may not seem like the genius I used to be , Yeah . I 'm just having a hard time ... I 'm just having ... Expressing them . Yeah . And that - - that doesn 't mean That they have to treat me like ... Like what , fitz ? Treat me like I 'm gonna break . It 's distracting . And , you know , talking to you is the only time I feel clear . And calm . Like I might actually get better . You are getting better . Every day . I see it , they see it , And soon you 'll see it yourself . Yeah . You know , they really should be analyzing speech patterns And tracking voice ... Voice biometrics . ... Biometrics . Yes , fitz , I think they are . Coulson , I don 't think we see eye-to-eye on this . My team was up to the task When they took that freak into custody , Before you took me . They have him on lockdown . That 's the problem . How is that a problem ? You 've said in your numerous public appearances That you have a facility where you 're storing the technology And prisoners captured in the s.H.I.E.L.D. Raids , yes ? Yeah . I 'm flattered you keep up with my press . Creel 's after a deadly weapon stored in that facility . Here 's some more press . He targeted your family to force you to give up The location of that facility , but now he doesn 't have to . Your people just took a man they have no idea how to contain To the one place he wants to be . Now I need your help to stop him . I 'll make you a deal . You let me out of here , and I promise not to kill you . But there is no way on god 's green earth I am ever gonna help you . [ sighs ] well ... You might . [ gasps ] Son of a bitch ! [ cellphone beeps ] This is brigadier general glenn talbot , Access code delta-3-6-5-sierra-victor-niner . I want double detail on that prisoner . I want the walls crawling with semi-autos , And a vehicle at my location now ! Uh , absolutely , sir . We 'll - - we 'll get right on that . Victor-niner . Niner . Okay . Yeah , all right . You just - - you hold tight , general . Okay , we , uh , traced the number to A spot near the pentagon . We are ready to go . We have a small logic question . Why ? Why are we going in ? Look , we trust coulson 's judgment . We do ? But talbot 's not a bad guy . And last I checked , The u.S. Government is one of the lesser evils . So they 've got the weapon in a locked box . And now they 've got this absorbing man In a locked box , too . That 's not so bad . Mack : She 's got a point . It does seem as safe a place to keep them as any . They have no idea what they 're dealing with . Yeah , but is that danger worse than the risk Of sending every field operative you have available Into a secure military compound ? Yeah , guarded by the same people that 's been hunting us . We can 't even get this thing out of the hangar . Coulson : Exactly . This is a make-or-break moment . For an object we have zero data on . That 's not the only thing we 're after . Now it 's all or nothing , huh ? Well , all right , then . You taking point ? Coulson will be on comms . Hey , let 's stick together on this one . You got it . General . Come on , girl . You know I look good . [ both chuckle ] No , they 're saying general talbot up and vanished . Think this guy might have pulled some kind of magic trick . What the ... [ beeping ] He 's gone . Call upstairs . [ indistinct talking over p.A. ] I have general jones and his party here To meet with general talbot . General jones ? Sir . I 'm sorry , sir . I don 't have this visit in the register today . You might want to double-check that . [ beep ] Military installations bury all their cables . Wisely . Not that wisely . Okay . Delta-3-6-5-sierra-victor- - Niner . If it 's not in here , there 's nothing I can do . Exit to the left , please . [ knock on window ] Gatehouse . Talbot 's voice : This is general talbot . Why has general jones and his government escort Been delayed at the gate , soldier ? Wave them through . His name 's not in the register , and my orders are to strictly - - Now , you listen to me , son . Private tilden . It 's private tilden , isn 't it ? Yes , sir . Well , I don 't care about I want general jones and his friends sent Directly to the ordnance depot to meet me . Go bigger . Go bigger . ... Or I 'll have you so deep in horse manure , son , You 'll need a damn snorkel . I understand , sir , but I can 't - - Oh . Never mind [ clears throat ] sir . Nice work , soldier . Next time you see me , come shake my hand . Talbot out . [ beeping ] Stay and keep it running in case we have to abort . Got it . Needle in a haystack . Turns out I was not exaggerating . All right , we know what we 're looking for . Don 't we ? [ metal scraping ] I 've got the 0-8-4 . Repeat - - I 've got the damn thing . Southwest side . [ clanging ] [ grunts ] Okay . Why don 't we find out what makes this thing so deadly ? Aah ! No ! [ gasping ] [ screaming ] What the hell 's happening ? I can 't let go ! [ alarm blaring ] Aah ! May : Okay , hartley , just relax your hand . I can 't let go . Aah ! Don 't touch it . Just stay away . They 'll be on us any second . Okay , time to go . Help me get her up . Can you walk ? [ grunts ] I think so . What are you waiting for ? ! We need to get her out of here before we all get killed ! We got what we came for ! Not everything we came for . Coulson , hartley has the item , but it 's attacking her . She needs medical right now . Do we abort ? Chances of them being captured or killed here just skyrocketed . May : Should we just cut our losses ? Coulson ? ! Come on ! Come on ! S-sir , I repeat - - what are our orders ? Do we go dark ? Negative . Do not abort . Proceed as planned . [ alarm continues ] You heard him . Help me up . I can follow . Are you mental ? We have our orders . Screw the orders . We need to get you to a doctor . I wish you the best of luck , really , but we 're out of here . Man : Over here ! Man # 2 : Let 's go ! This way ! [ footsteps approaching ] Triplett : Go ! Go ! Man : They 're headed to the west door ! [ grunts , screams ] Get us the hell out of here ! You got it . [ tires squealing ] [ breathing heavily ] Cut it off . We 'll get you to a hospital . They 'll fix this . This thing is killing me . I can feel it . I need you to cut it off , Or I won 't make it to the hospital . You 've seen what they can do with robotics these days . Uh , probably be an upgrade . I don 't want to die . Okay . Coulson : I know it was a risk . If we went down today , we 'd probably be down for good . But now we have a chance to survive . We have soldiers willing to sacrifice , But they need weapons . The enemy has the advantage . We need one of our own . You risked that for a quinjet ? No . For what we can do with one . Disappear . Become ghosts . That 's how we have to live now - - In the shadows , to save people , Even when they don 't know it , don 't want it . Fitz said he could engineer cloaking , but ... I 'm afraid he can 't do anything . The damage to his temporal lobe was too extensive . He 's not the same , and ... Since simmons left , he 's only getting worse . And this is number two of five . There 's not much - - simmons , I said not to touch anything . You 'll get - - Yes , yes . I know . I know . And I have told them to be patient , like you said , But I 'm still having trouble communicating the ... The - - yes . Thank you . Sorry . She thought he 'd be better without her here , But her leaving just broke him . In the months since , he 's grown isolated , Talking to himself more and more . I know . I know . I 'm almost there . We have to fight on for him , for those we 've lost . We have to take risks So the sacrifices they made were not made in vain . And then ... We 'll disappear . [ tires screeching ] We 'll return in a moment . Creel has escaped and did indeed make off with the obelisk . He should contact us shortly . I would have him come in , But I 'm being overly discreet with this operation . I know how long you have been searching for this , Dr. Whitehall . You have no idea .
