 You don 't know what I know . Andres Galan has a dark past . What do you know about the virus ? I had no idea that terrorism was on the agenda . You need to tell her what she wants to know . Next time it won 't be just one plane . They 're hitting every city at once . We 're talking millions dead in a matter of days . What are we suppose to do with him ? Let Sayer come to us . Sayer is an extremely cautious man . Then put on your game face . We are celebrating the grand opening of Dulces Sue単os fifth and newest east L.A. location by slashing prices on every sleep set in our stores ! Twin sets as low as $ 99 ! Queen sets starting from $ 199 ! So take it from me , Tony " Matador " bravo : The prices at Dulces Sue単os Mattress Stores are no bull . Ole . You deserve a better night 's sleep , so hurry in now for the biggest sales event of the year ! Dulces Sue単os Mattress Stores , family owned since 1997 . So it 's in the screw , huh ? It is the screw . Ugh . Afraid of snakes ? I 'm afraid of anything that can unhinge its jaw and / or swallow a small horse . Uh , how ... how are we looking ? Signal transmissions are strong from all three camera angles . If any of Samuel 's associates come by , we 'll know it . Great . Let 's pack it up . Weird . Bookends and no books . Something wrong ? I think there 's something here . Sweet mother of Anakin . Guy knew how to dress . Please . Tim gunn would drop a bomb on this place . Whoa . That is fast . You having fun ? Oh , yeah . This takes me back . To all the other times you 've hacked an on board computer to remotely drive a dead man 's car ? To ghost-riding my huffy into traffic , so my mom would buy me a real BMX bike . Caused a four-car pileup . Huffy came out without a scratch . Well , for whatever it 's worth , it 's nice to have you back in the field . Nice to be back . Although I think the whole idea of putting cameras at Samuel 's place might need an extra sprinkling of lucky fairy dust . - How do you mean ? - Let 's face it . When sayer finds out his disciple went tits-up , don 't you think maybe a part of him is gonna be suspicious , even if we cover up the cause of death ? That 's what I 'm counting on . With Samuel dead , who do you think his first call will be ? Galan . Here we go . Take that , huffy . Van Nostrand , Arguello , and Bravo . Mador , baby . That 's what we need . Here 's hoping a new lineup will keep the terror on their toes . Defense , let 's talk containment . Hey . First start , don 't screw it up . Hey , Didi . Hey , man . I gotta thank you for putting in the time . Seems like it 's paying off . Now you have to prove that you belong . Something tells me you have an idea about that . What do our opponents know of you ? Apart from the fact that I cracked their sweeper 's septum last month , probably not much . Exactly . To Austin , you 're an enforcer . That 's it . Exploit that belief . You 've learned a lot , but your greatest asset you 've had all along . - Speed . - Yes . Ah , Mr. Big Man , O.C. ! What 's up , man ? You coming to my postgame party tomorrow ? I got the pool bar , inflatables , and Duquesne 's grotto in full effect . - I wouldn 't miss it . - All right , good boy . Hey , I reserved a party bus too . We don 't a repeat of what happened yesterday . - Yesterday ? - Didn 't you hear ? Galan 's tattooed attache had a little accident . Little ? Dude went heads-up with a 25-ton trash truck . Lost . - Samuel ? - Mm-hmm . What , he 's dead ? Mm . Shame too . Such a pretty car . Yeah . My agent . The Sheila ? Well , at least she 's returning someone 's calls . Anne , what 's up ? Looks like we got Sayer 's attention . Call to galan is incoming . I got it . I 'm on my way up now . Tell me something , Andres . Certainly . When you look at the triptych on the wall behind your desk , do you feel anything ? Only sympathy for my bank account . Yes , I imagine it was a costly imitation . Imitation ? No , this is a custom lufanto . Art is all imitation , mimesis . It serves only the ego of the artist , nothing more . It is the scientist who is the true philosopher . He who has the power to reform thought , society , civilization . And yet art preys upon human weakness , seducing us to dispense with reason in favor of passion and whim . So you see , Andres , why it 's imperative my ranks are populated by men I can trust aren 't prone to ... Feeling . All I feel is discouraged that you would call to , again , question my commitment . Of course , I didn 't mean to offend you , and that is not the reason , however , for my call . - No ? - No . I don 't think I can trace this . He 's on the Tor network using onion routing to obscure his I.P. Address . Where is Samuel , Andres ? I 'm afraid I have bad news about Samuel . There was an accident . So I heard . Car crash , was it ? I was going to wait to tell you until I had more information , but it seems news travels fast . I have eyes everywhere , Andres . Loyal eyes that would rather gouge themselves out than deceive me . I want to know more about this plan of yours , this " common dream " you once spoke of . I believe I 've earned that much . Maybe you have . We should discuss this further when you arrive . Arrive ? I would like Samuel 's body returned to me . And I want you to bring it to me , personally . I don 't suppose Sayer gave his home address ? No , he 's being very cautious . He 's sending his own men to retrieve Samuel 's body and Galan at the stadium after the game tomorrow . Sounds like he trusts Galan even less than I do . You 're not thinking about killing this . If there 's a chance , no matter how small , Galan can learn the location of the lab where the virus is being refined , then we need to let him make this trip . Destroy the lab , we destroy the threat . Solid strategy , but what if Galan is being called to his own execution ? If he gets killed before he reaches the lab , then we 're back to square one . For all we know , Sayer doesn 't buy the car crash and wants Samuel 's body for an autopsy . If putting Galan in harm 's way leads us to Sayer 's lab , then so be it . Our agreement was for his immunity , not for his life . Remember ? Fine . But he wears a tracker . You 've got a trip to pack for . What are you doing here ? A Spartan sacrifices a goat . A Viking gets piss drunk and dances himself into a rage . A Macedonian , he marches through the bloody halves of a freshly bisected dog . For purification , they say , before entering battle . Well , let 's just hope our next campaign isn 't a total slaughter . No , I 'm good . If not to partake in the ritual , what are you doing here , Tony ? You 're gonna have to wear a tracker when you escort the body . Oh , you can ask me to wear a tracker . Mm , that 's not how it works anymore . Look , it 's for your own protection . It 's what you asked for . The promise of immunity means very little when you have as many enemies as I do . I accepted the deal not for myself , but for senna . Then I guess we both made deals for our families . And we gave up all hope of self-protection when we signed ourselves over to the government . I do not trust your team or their technology . My answer is no , and I suggest you make note of why . The CIA may flex its power in many impressive ways , but real power lies not in what one says , but what one omits . So what are you telling me ? That the CIA is keeping something from me ? Kaibil . The woman in your dream . Could that have been what she was screaming at your father ? Kaibil . A specialized unit of certain Latin American militaries . A death squad . Tony , man . We weren 't expecting you . Yeah , I know . Is it okay ? Of course , man , go . Yeah , a late-night meeting . Wait , I didn 't tell anything to your mom about ... okay . Baby , - Hey ! - Hey . What 's up ? Tony , this is a surprise . Is a full house tonight . I 'll make some room for you ... no , javi , it 's okay . He can take my seat . I have to leave anyway . Mari , como siempre , thank you for dinner . - Good luck , honey . - Thank you . Good luck ? Good luck with what ? Morales got herself a date . Oh . Well , have fun . Thanks . Bye , Tony . Yeah . I 'll get you a plate . Rib eye . Your mom made that Texas marinade you and I like so much . I 'm on this lean protein diet . It 's not gonna kill you . I can 't do red meat . There 's salad too . - Thank you . - Mm-hmm . What 's new , sweetheart ? Cristina has a crush on a boy in school . Mom ! Yeah , ma 's spilling all the goods tonight . What , does he play football ? He 's a gamer . Not everybody likes a jock . So am I gonna have to have a talk with this young man ? Mm , already grilled him , bro . Talking real enhanced interrogation . Oh , what do you think about that plane plague and all those dead people ? Yeah . Scary . Scary ? Shit 's next level . Look , the government 's gonna pump twice and Jizz Al-Qaeda 's name all over this one . But it ain 't Al-Qaeda . This is swine flu part deux , bro . That first outbreak ... beta bullshit . Tell me , how does a virus one part human , one part cow , one part bird , from three different continents , generate in nature ? It doesn 't . Shit was made in a lab . Guess what . There ain 't no labs in caves , bro . That 's a good point . Hey , mom . There 's something I 've been meaning to talk to you about . Look , if this is about you walking out on the Quincea単era , save your breath . I 'm really sorry about that . Forget it . There 's something bothering you , Tony . What is it ? It 's nothing . I 'm just nervous , I guess . I 'm starting tomorrow . Oh . Congratulations , son . So Galan refused the tracker . We can 't let him travel to Sayer without one . We have a backup plan ? We do , sir . If Galan refuses to give us his consent , we 'll simply track him without it . That 's the beauty of conformal electronics . Meet the Biostamp . Weighs less than a band-aid and adheres to human flesh like one . Nearly invisible digital circuits will upload Galan 's location and vitals directly to our devices in a constant real-time feed . Great . Let me know when you 've tagged him . Deputy Director Smith , welcome . Thank you , Dr. Hoag . Everyone , this is Llewyn Smith . Carter Eames from Menthe Company , David Duvall from Kirschner-Sims , Anza Mazar from J.J.R. , Alan Shon from Wasser-Owen , and Meredith Wright from Valterra Laboratories . Thank you all for coming on such short notice . I 'm sure you 're all acquainted with the incident on flight 409 . We have reason to believe this was a botched attempt at bioterrorism , the weaponized agent being a deadly virus . Now , the failure of this attack leads us to believe it won 't be the last of its kind . Does the CIA have a theory on who might 've been behind this ? The only " who " you need to concern yourself with now are the victims . Now , frankly , our government lacks the resources to create a medical countermeasure in a timely fashion , so we must turn to the private sector , and that 's where you come into play . We need a vaccine to combat the threat of this virus , and we need it soon . Otherwise ... This will be our future . All right , listen up ! Bring it in here , come on . Let 's go . Gather round , everybody . Come on , bring it in here . I was up all night crafting a rousing , impassioned speech to light a fire under your asses . But as luck would have it , Mr. Galan has informed me that my pregame services won 't be necessary today . Mr. Galan . Thank you , Ernest . Thank you . Gentlemen , it 's no secret that our rivalry with the Terror is one in name only . In reality , it has become an endless cycle of defeat . Now , this is not a dig at you . It 's as much my fault as it is yours . They control us , dictating every play in our heads like a parasite . But it doesn 't have to be that way . Why should it ? They 're no better than us , and we 're the Riot . Now , while I can 't be with you on the field , I hope that my words will echo onto the pitch and fill your hearts . And always remember my faith in you . So go out there . Rid yourselves of this spell the Terror have over us . Ruin their perfect season . Taste the sweetness of revenge , and take back Los Angeles for the Riot ! We are Riot till we die ! We 're Riot till we die ! We 're born to fight ! We go all night ! We 're Riot till we die ! Ahh ! Hell yeah ! Let 's go , Riot , baby ! Let 's get it ! You getting salty , bro ? There 's no shame in shedding a tear after a man has bared his soul . It 's no different than having a cry after a shag . We 'll do this , Mr. Galan . Thank you , Mr. Galan . Great speech . Thank you , Mr. Galan . Pleasure , Mr. Galan . - Mr. Galan , wait up . - Yes , Tony ? Listen , I hate doing this , but , um , do you mind ? My brother Ricky , he 's just been on my ass about increasing my social media presence . Just keeping up appearances . Yes . I suppose we both are . Let me see . Broadcasting live from Andres Galan . There we go . Thanks . Okay . Oh , bravo , Bravo . - Hey . - Hey . Where have you been ? I 've been calling you for , like , two weeks . I 've been here . Look , I know we 've kept our relationship status pretty casual , but it still sucks to be ignored . Sorry . Guess I 've been distracted . It 's okay . Just return a text once in a while . I mean , I haven 't seen you since your whole hard drive meltdown situation , and now they 've got some blonde bimbo filling in for you at the games , so I got worried . I 'm fine . Just needed time to figure a few things out . Good . I hope you have . You sure there 's nothing I can do ? Yeah . Okay . Guess I 'll see you around . Good-bye , Silda . You know me as Reyna Flores , but that 's not my real name . We are seconds away from the opening whistle here in sunny L.A. , where the question , of course , on everyone 's mind is , can the Riot find some way to break out of their seemingly eternal slumber against the defending champion , Austin Terror ? Hoping for a spark , the Riot will give rookie Tony Bravo his first start . Although his play has come on of late , Bravo is most famous for the trail of injury he 's left in his wake . Look no further than all-star defender Alfredo Rodriguez , who 's still recovering from their previous encounter a few weeks back . We 're set for the kickoff . Let 's go down to the center circle , the Riot to get us started . Holester flicks back to Heddo , who finds Orosco . Now through to Bravo , spying for a path . He finds Caesar , breaking clear . Arguello dancing with the ball around stockton . He plays it ahead , through to Holester with some oomph . Can he finish ? Oh ! High and mighty , but not even close to on goal . Come on . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Heartbeat 's elevated . No , he 's probably just reacting to this . Terrible first touch . Holester 's gotta pull his head out of his ass . Premier league washout , huh ? Stuck with him for how many more seasons ? Holester 's true value is in his leadership . Aw , admit it ... you took a gamble , and now you 're too proud to cut your losses . Gene , for a man who owns half of Las Vegas , you seem strangely unwilling to embrace the virtues of risk . I 'm just breaking balls , Andres . All right ? Your team 's great . They look great . The Lamarck Foundation . Um , I don 't know what that is . Yes , you do . Gene , I am one of you . It 's true . In fact , I was talking to Sayer just yesterday . Sayer . And he told you about me ? No . I found out about you from a newly reliable source . Soon , I 'll be getting other names as well . There 's a list . A list ? There isn 't supposed to be a list . That 's the whole point . I know . You know about flight 409 ? About the virus ? Flight 409 ? You 're not saying that was him . Why ? Population control . What else ? This is not a plan I could endorse . I don 't imagine it 's one you could either . We 're businessmen , you and I. Sayer is something else . A fanatic hiding behind noble aspirations . The time has come to reevaluate our leadership . You 're talking about a coup . That 's rather dramatic . Not as dramatic as what would happen to us if he found out . He won 't . Andres , even if you were to gain support , it 's suicide as long as Sayer 's alive . That 's a situation I plan to address . Entering the 28th minute now , the score is still knotted at zero , in itself a victory for those of you familiar with recent Austin-L.A. history . Lee drops it along to the defender stockton . Up to hauser on the near edge , but hold on and ole ! Here 's Tony Bravo with the steal ! Has this kid ever been in the thick of it today ! I like that kid . Andres . We 'll be in touch . Approaching the 43 minute now . Arguello with the throw-in and a real opportunity here for the Riot to push forward . Some jockeying for position at midfield . Bravo breaks free . Rodriguez sees it too . Oh , and a vicious elbow there . No goals yet today , but first blood certainly goes to the terror . Action on the field now as the Riot rallies to their teammate 's defense . And you have to believe the referee will pull out the book after that hit . And there it is . Alfredo Rodriguez , Hannibal mask and all , has sent Tony Bravo reeling , and he 'll receive a yellow for his efforts . What a knock ! Play resuming with two minutes added as Bravo is being patched up . I wouldn 't be surprised if he sits out these remaining moments . The Riot , more than pleased to head into the half with the score even . All right , we 'll stitch you up at the half . Arguello with the free kick from outside the box . Oh , some miscommunication there on the cross and an easy collect for the goalie , Lee , who tosses it ahead , hoping to catch the Riot in transition . Possession play by Austin . Pearl and Marquez trading . L.A. trying to force them into a mistake . Beautifully anticipated and stolen by Van Nostrand . Holester calls for it . Arguello freeing himself for the lead pass , which might be too strong . But no , Bravo is back , and check out those wheels ! He 's past the defense , no one between him and the goal . Takes it nearside . - Ahh ! - Goal ! The Matador has done it ! His first goal and only seconds before the whistle . The Riot , so strong all half , are finally rewarded with the sweetest of finishes ! We head to the lockers on a wave of adrenaline . One-nothing , L.A. over Austin . Yes ? You want to make the transfer now ? It 's only halftime . Yes . Yes , I understand . You know you could have waited till the end of the game to sing my praises . Bravo , shut the hell up and listen to me . Whoa , all right . I 'm all ears . Galan just gave us the heads-up . The hand-off 's going down early . Samuel 's body is already down there for transfer . Our tracker is still up , but Smith wants eyes on the pickup to ensure we 're not being played . Well , aren 't there cameras down there ? I don 't think I have anothered card in me . We 've checked ... the nearest camera is well out of the relevant area . Tony ! Okay . I got it . Welcome back to socal , where the score may only read one-nothing , but this crowd is still smelling blood off the momentum of Tony Bravo 's stoppage-time score , although you 'd have to wonder about his status after suffering brutal vengeance at the hands of Terror defender , Alfredo Rodriguez . Can you tell me where we 're headed ? Or for how long ? The weather , maybe ? Can you at least nod if my footwear is appropriate ? Give me something . Yeah , two minutes out . Rolling and heavy . What are you doing here ? Whoa , getting a big spike in heart rate here . Something 's happening . Bravo , E.T.A. ? I 'm close . Guys , you better take a look at this . - Kind of ocupado here . - It 's off the digital dragnet . We intercepted a video before it made it to the web . It 's some sort of manifesto about Galan . She was trying to go wide with it . Wait , who ? Ms. Flores , what are you doing ? The only thing I can do , apparently . But for what ? Not for what , for who . Ricardo Molinez . No , no , wait , wait ! Tony , what 's going on down there ? Galan 's blood pressure 's bottoming out . His respiratory rate 's up . Tony , where 's Galan ? Reyna ! Tony . Stay with me . I got you . Annie , Galan 's been shot . It was Reyna Flores . - Is this making any sense ? - It 's starting to . Tony , you need to get out of there . No , we can 't give up now . - The tracker , can I reuse it ? - No , negative ! If you remove the tracker now , it 's useless . Tony , just go ! We 're sending a medical team ! You 're missing the second half . It 's okay . Don 't worry , sir . Look at me . The boys are gonna bring home a " W. " Tony , go . Go . Por favor , call an ambulance . Forget him . We 're paid to deliver the package . Where the hell 's Tony Bravo ? You know me as Reyna Flores , but that 's not my real name . My name is Valeria Molinez . By now , you know what I 've done . Here 's why . When I was 15 , my father was murdered . His case was closed almost as fast as the blade scored his throat . I vowed to find the person responsible and make them pay . I spent years compiling a case against that person . One Andres Galan , CEO of Unafonica and owner of the L.A. Riot . On its face , his rise is an inspiring immigrant success story , but under the surface , it 's a tale of lies , corruption , and murder . As Unafonica grew , so did Galan 's appetite for power . When my father , Ricardo Molinez , championed a movement to unionize the Telecom Industry in Mexico , Galan had him killed . The world deserves to know the truth about those in power doing evil . Today , I give you the truth about Andres Galan , my enemy who has now become my teacher . He offered me a quote once for an interview , a quote that now guides me on my present course : " Never pray for that which you have the power to execute yourself . " Andres , it is my honor . What a waste . Gave her life for a story no one 's ever gonna hear . Hey , going off script is Bravo 's specialty . He 'll be fine . Kaibil ! Kaibil !
