 Claire : Previously ... Claire : I seem to have fallen through time . You need not be scared of me , Nor anyone else here , so long as I 'm with ye . I 'm leaving tomorrow , and I 'm taking you with me . I think it would be wise to have a healer along . You 're not frank . No , madam , I 'm not . You know black jack randall ? I won 't risk you or anyone else Being taken prisoner by that man . Claire : Captain of dragoons in the british army And your direct ancestor . Exactly . Otherwise known as black jack . Flogged me twice in the space of a week . Claire : The activities dougal and his men were involved in , They were political . Dougal was raising money for a jacobite army . Pleasure to see you again . Once more I ask you , is everything all right ? ( folk music playing ) Tell me , madam . Are you here by your own choice ? I appreciate your concern , lieutenant , And I can assure you I am a guest of the clan mackenzie . As you wish . Nevertheless , I am certain my commander Will wish to speak with you . He 's presently in residence at the inn at brockton . Will you accompany me ? Well , If the lady goes , I go . Very well then . Claire : Even though I wasn 't going by my own choice , I still felt a heaviness leave my breast . And for the first time since I passed Through the standing stones at craigh na dun , I found myself surrounded by my own people . They might be called redcoats instead of tommies , But they were still the british army I had been a part of for six long years . And somehow it felt liberating to be looked upon With sympathy and respect Instead of hostility and suspicion . I knew only too well what dougal was feeling . A scottish village it may be , And on mackenzie land at that , But for dougal , it was now enemy territory , And he was the outlander . Dismount . Whoa . Each man see to it that his horse is grained and watered . I would not entrust their care to our scottish hosts . If you 'll follow me . ( door opens ) ( all laughing ) My lord , may I present mrs . Claire beauchamp and mr . Dougal ... Come in . Come in . This is a happy surprise . A most enjoyable surprise . It has been far too long since I last gazed Upon a lovely english rose . The lieutenant here claims you have quite the story to tell . I 'm so grateful you 're willing to listen to it . No , nonsense . I love stories . I 've not heard a good one since I first set foot Upon this blasted turf . You must be absolutely famished . I hope venison is to your liking . Only the very best quality , I assure you . Thank you . I shot the beast myself . It 's a great country for hunting , I 'll give them that . The cheese is surprisingly edible too , And the claret is my own , bottled in ' 35 . Need I say more ? ( snaps fingers ) Now , lieutenant foster , you 're going to introduce me To this noble scottish gentleman . My lord , may I present dougal mackenzie , War chief to the clan mackenzie and brother to its laird . You have the honor of meeting brigadier general sir oliver lord thomas , Knight of the bath and commanding officer of the northern british army . War chief , eh ? I 'll say this for you , you look the part . A fine specimen of the local inhabitants , my lord . How am I to address you , sir ? Ye kin call me mackenzie , if in it please ye , Or if we 're being formal , ye can call me chief mackenzie , Which in matters of war and bicker Leaves us ower fae each other as equals dinnae ye ken . I don 't know about the rest of you , But I failed to understand a single word The creature said . ( laughs ) I believe , my lord , he was attempting to say Chief mackenzie would be acceptable . There was more , but I must confess , it eluded me . ( laughs ) Really ... Someone really ought to teach these people the king 's english . ( all laughing ) I believe he 's speaking english , sir . Their form of english anyway . Well , it 's a form that 's damn offensive to the ear . May I remind you , lord thomas , There are parts of England ... Newcastle comes to mind . Where the local accent is equally unintelligible To our ears . Yes , yes , quite right . You make a fine point , madam . The world would make a lot more sense If everybody spoke like londoners . ( all laughing ) If ye wish to hear londoners speak , Perhaps ye should have stayed in london . My lord , he says ... No need , lieutenant . I understood him perfectly well that time . I would be more than happy to oblige , sir , If only you behaved like the loyal british subjects You 're supposed to be . That way my troops and I could return To more civilized environs . I must say though , I quite enjoy being a man in the field . If only my servants moved as quickly as my soldiers . ( laughs ) If I stay here long enough , I could become a laird . Laird thomas . What do you think , all ? ( laughs ) Only then I supposed I 'd have to wear one of those woolen skirts . Oh , I 'm told it 's a grave insult to ask a clansman What he wears underneath that thing ... It 's called a kilt , sir . I know perfectly well what it 's called , lieutenant . So tell me , From one laird to another ... Are ye purposely trying to embarrass the lass , Or are ye just an arrogant wee smout ? Good christ , man . Do you know to whom you speak ? You watch your words , sir , or I 'll have you . Well , you pull that needle , and we 'll see who pricks who . ( unsheathes blade ) dougal , lieutenant , enough . You 're both behaving like children . Yes , yes , quite right . Quite right . The lady 's sense of propriety puts us all to shame . The question of the kilt will remain an enigma . My word , madam . If I were brave enough , I would commission you A colonel in one of my regiments . You do know how to order men about . Aye , she does that . Well , it 's been a delight meeting you , But I am afraid the venison is losing its heat . I would ask you to join us , but as you can see , No room . ( clicks tongue ) Beastly sorry . You can keep your scraps . They 're still serving good scottish ale in the tap room . I 'll be downstairs . ( door closes ) How are we ever going to make peace With such an ill-mannered people ? ( cheerful music playing ) ( indistinct chatter ) ( laughter ) ( laughter ) I must say , mrs . Beauchamp , You 've had the most mesmerizing adventure . Yes , indeed , but having been brought here And having met all of you charming gentlemen , I do hope that my adventure is now over . Oh , yes . I would 've thought you 've had quite enough of scotland . In truth , I found the countryside most beautiful , My stay not altogether unpleasant , But my greatest wish now is to be reunited with my family . Yes , yes . ( with accent ) France . ( chuckles ) Lieutenant foster , I imagine there 'd be no difficulty In escorting mrs . Beauchamp to inverness , Where she may book passage To wherever it pleases her to go . No difficulty at all , sir . I would be forever grateful . It 's a trifle , madam . You have my word on it . Well , in that case , I will have a little bit more wine . Mmm , I believe we 'll all join you . ( laughs ) Claire : Inverness , and from there only a brief journey Would take me to the stones at craigh na dun And a chance to return to my own time . To homeward journeys . May they be uneventful . My lord , are you aware that at this very moment ... Captain randall , are we under attack , sir ? We are not . You 're putting the claret at risk . I suggest you step outside and rid yourself Of half a league 's worth of dust . By all means , we must protect the claret . Am I mistaken , or do you two know each other ? For a moment there , the lady did look familiar , But ... I can see now I was wrong . I had the same exact experience . How unusual . Well , then , captain randall , allow me to present Mistress claire beauchamp of oxfordshire . Captain jonathan randall . Captain . Charmed . ( stomping ) ( clears throat ) ( clears throat ) I trust I am sufficiently presentable . Yes , yes , someone pour a glass For the good captain . No . Now , if you 'll be so good as to explain your purpose for barging in here ? My lord , at this very instant , Dougal mackenzie , war chief of clan mackenzie is downstairs Quaffing ale . That is not news , captain . It was he who brought mrs . Beauchamp to us . Was it indeed ? ( chuckles ) Do you propose to admonish me , sir ? Perhaps you 're of the opinion that a general Must explain himself to a captain . No , I meant no offense , sir . Now you mention it , An english lady and a scottish war chief , I can 't for the life of me piece that one together . Oh , it 's a fascinating tale , captain . It 's full of robbery and murder . ( all chuckling ) It 's unfortunate you missed it . I know . What if captain randall accompanies you to inverness ? That way you may regale him with tales of your adventure . It 's sure to make the time fly by . ( chuckles ) mrs . Beauchamp amongst the savages . ( all laughing ) Well , I doubt mrs . Beauchamp would choose such a provocative title . The lady claims she was well treated by her scottish friends . Hmm . I wasn 't aware that the english Had any scottish friends . Hmm ? I 'm sure private mcgreavey would agree with me , If he were able . Do not mention that sad subject . You 'll give mrs . Beauchamp the vapors . I do not easily swoon . Please , captain , tell me . Two weeks ago , private mcgreavey Made the mistake of wandering away from patrol . We found him two days later sitting , legs crossed , Tied to a tree , his arms folded in his lap . That sounds more like a prank than a punishment . He was cradling his severed head , madam . It was a sad day for private mcgreavey When he got stationed to scotland . For all of us . Is that all you have to say ? On the road here yesterday , We came across two highlanders Hanging from crosses . The men in my party ascribed the actions to english soldiers . If so , then it would be the result of english justice . A rough justice , it would seem . Undoubtedly traitors to a man . Yeah , so said the letters carved into their chests , But I doubt they were given a trial to prove it . Well , you can be sure that private mcgreavey 's sentence Was administered without benefit of trial . And so both sides have committed depredations They should both be ashamed of . Dog me , that 's a woman 's view for you if ever I heard one . That is why I make it a point never to discuss politics with a lady . I was under the impression we were discussing morality , Not politics . And I 'm forced to question whether the lady 's morality Is any clearer than her politics . What are you implying , sir ? All this time living with savages , I have to wonder if dougal mackenzie shared More than just bread and shelter with the lady . Perhaps he has also shared his bed . How dare you ? That is a scurrilous charge . You cross a line , sir . If I am wrong , I apologize . But what other reason would the lady have To choose these barbarians over her own people ? These aggressors who wantonly shed english blood ? The scots just want the same freedoms we enjoy . Freedoms we take for granted . They are not the aggressors , captain , we are . It is their land , and we are occupying it . I believe it 's the king 's land . I must say , madam , I find your sympathies Extraordinarily puzzling . Hear , hear . I can assure you , lord thomas , My loyalties lie with the king . No doubt your time here has muddied your proper english thinking . My lord , I think the lady Has lived among the savages too long . She must be returned to the bosom of her family as soon as possible . I could leave for inverness today , if you will allow it . ( door opens ) Sir , three enlisted men have been fired upon By persons unknown just outside of town . Are these scots rascals that bold To attack an armed british camp ? My lord , I know you 've only recently arrived , But small ambushes are an almost weekly occurrence . Yes , thank you , captain . I have read the reports . Any casualties ? One dead . Two wounded . One of the men , sir , he 's in a bad way . He 's downstairs . We 've sent for the surgeon , But no one is sure of his whereabouts . I 'll go . I 've told you . I have medical experience . ( man groaning ) I was right beside him . Don 't you see it could 've been me ? ( groaning ) claire . Are ye all right , lassie ? I 'm fine . When I saw that bastard randall go upstairs ... Jamie and the others weren 't responsible for this attack , were they ? No . I 'll shed no tears over redcoat blood , But my men would never undertake such an action without my consent . It 's randall ye need to worry about . The army will be looking for someone to blame . Without proof , they can 't hold me . Still , I 'd feel better if you made yourself scarce . I 'm fine . Stand aside , and move this bench . All right , soldier . Claire : When the germans surrendered , I thought I 'd participated In my last amputation , but it seemed as though I was condemned to dream about yet more young men Maimed for life on the battlefield . This arm 's going to have to come off . You can have the loan of my short sword if it helps . Sharpened it myself yesterday . It 'll have to do , And I 'm going to need to use something as a tourniquet . You can tie his arm with this . It 's my wife 's . Gave it to me for good luck , she did . Claire : All right . Someone get me some boiling water and some clean cloth . I 'm the surgeon here . Hurry ! Do you have medical experience ? Enough to know that you can 't save this arm . You 're not going to faint when I begin to saw ? I 've stayed awake through worse . Grab his knees . You , take this shoulder . Opium . Down his throat , if you can . ( murmurs ) ( indistinct chatter ) Bite , private . Bite until your teeth crack . ( breathing heavily ) Steady now . ( screaming ) Nurse beauchamp . Are you back from saving lives ? Where 's lord thomas ? He 's off hunting rebels , Not that he 'll find any . Having seen him on a horse , He 'll be lucky to stay in the saddle . Please try not to speak , captain . My barbering skills aren 't up to shaving a moving target . I haven 't been pampered like this since I was called up . I should hope not . I 'm the only one allowed to pamper you , And don 't you forget it . ( laughs ) You 'll get no argument from me . I don 't want you holding a blade to my throat . A 200-year-old razor has certainly kept its edge . Well , it 's not just the blade . It 's the beautiful hand that wields it . Come here . Are you sure you wouldn 't rather bring this with you ? What , and risk losing it ? God , no . No , it 's been in my family for far too long . No , I shall just have to suffer through a few more rough shaves Till I see you again . ( laughs ) Can you keep it safe for me ? And who is going to keep me safe ? Well , that is my job . ( gasps ) I ... I 'm sorry , captain . On my life , it was an accident . On your life ? Sit down . A soldier needs a steady hand , hmm ? Otherwise he will never hit the target he aims at . ( grunts ) You control your nerves . Your nerves do not control you . My , my , aren 't we the beardless boy ? ( clears throat ) Take my things back to my lodgings , And come back and see to it that we are not disturbed . Yes , captain . I wish to see lieutenant foster . I 'm afraid foster is gone with lord thomas and the others . Then I suppose someone else will have to take me to inverness ? When the time comes . Lord thomas said I would be leaving today . And I wouldn 't touch the general 's claret . Perhaps you haven 't noticed , But lord thomas is an utter arse . He agreed to your leaving before he heard you Make some of your more troubling statements . Statements that ... Well , even lord thomas is bright enough to realize Puts your loyalty in a very questionable light . ( glass shattering ) ( sniffs ) Madam ... Ever since our first encounter , I have been in a state of extreme discomfort . I am not sure what you mean , sir , Nor am I sure I want to . Allow me to put your fears to rest . I wish to apologize . That awful day in the woods ... ( grunts ) ( gasps ) Who are you ? ( yells ) The mere memory of it leaves me shamed . Your apology pleases me more than you know . I 'd hate to think a king 's officer Would behave in such an ungentlemanly manner . I am not a casual person with women . I look forward to the opportunity To reveal my true nature to you , And I can only hope that honesty will be met with honesty . My honesty will match yours , captain . Please . Let us begin with you telling me who you are And why you 're here in scotland . I originally come from oxfordshire . I ... No . We pledged honesty , madam . There are no beauchamps in oxfordshire that I know of . Well , I would hardly consider you an expert , Your family hailing from sussex . May I ask just how you know that ? Your accent . It 's clearly sussex . Neither my tutors nor my parents would be much obliged to hear That my speech so clearly reflects my birthplace , madam , They having gone to considerable trouble and expense To remedy it . Parlez-vous francais ? Oui , tres bien . ( speaking french ) ( speaking french ) You don 't have the look of a woman Who would rouge her nipples . Well , for that , at least , I suppose I should thank you . ( chuckles ) What was your maiden name , mrs . Beauchamp ? Captain , I admit I made some ill-advised comments In support of my scottish acquaintances , But my imprudence should not be mistaken for treason , Nor should it prevent me from continuing on my journey . I have been delayed far too long already . Madam , you do not help your case By adopting this dismissive attitude . I have no case to help . Now , I make no claims on you , the garrison , Or on the mackenzies for that matter . My only desire is to resume my journey in peace , And I see no reason why you should object to it . Don 't you ? Well , allow me to enlighten you , And perhaps my objections will become clearer . I found you wandering the countryside Dressed in nothing but your undergarments . When I try to question you , I am struck down And rendered unconscious by a villain I later discover Is a member of a band of scottish rebels , A band led by your companion here today , Dougal mackenzie . These facts paint you either as an empty-headed trollop Or as an agent in league with the king 's enemies . Are those my only two choices ? If there is another , madam , I advise you not to keep it to yourself . Captain , you ... Force me to reveal things that no woman should say out loud . It was an affair of the heart . I met him in England . An officer of infantry . He swore to me that I held his affections like no other . So when he was stationed in scotland , I ... I followed him . Please . Carry on . It was then I ... Discovered he was a most licentious man , A rake and whoremonger . It was not love he felt for me . It was lust . When I refused him , he attacked me . I fled , dressed only in my shift . I can only hope you prove yourself The gentleman you claim to be And not pry any further . ( scraping ) What is the man 's name ? With all due respect , captain , I do not wish to lower myself to this gentleman 's level . By revealing his name as well as his indiscretions to you , I risk ruining both his career and his reputation . Please . I would be interested in your opinion . You captured my likeness . You think so ? I 'm glad . I shall call it Beautiful lies . You wish to get to inverness ? Very well . I know that dougal mackenzie is raising funds for the jacobite cause . I merely lack the necessary proof to take him into custody . You will furnish me with that proof . Jacobite cause ? I have no idea what ... Do not stand there and pretend That you have lived among the mackenzies These past months and not heard them voice support For that failure james And his witless offspring charles . Mr. Mackenzie would have to be witless indeed To discuss treason in front of an english woman . Unless that english woman was sympathetic to his cause . I am not that woman . Then prove it . Have you seen any of your scottish companions Attempting to raise funds for the rebellion ? No , I have not . You 've not heard a single mackenzie Speak jacobite treason ? How many times must I say it ? I would not believe you If you told me that night is dark and day is bright . Captain , am I under arrest ? Because if not , Then I refuse to submit further to this interrogation . I will await lord thomas ' return , No matter how long it takes . I place my fate in his hands . If you wish to put me under guard in the meantime , Then I shall not protest . You will not leave this room until I am satisfied That you are as innocent as you claim to be . Either you can cooperate with me , or I shall be forced To use methods less pleasant than talk . I 've heard about your methods , captain . What would you do , lay my back open to the bone ? I understand flogging is something of a sport for you . Oh , on the contrary . I take it very seriously . I 'm sure you 'll be pleased to learn that You 've earned quite the reputation at castle leoch . Yes , I 'm told that you once administered a hundred lashes Upon a hundred lashes to a poor highlander boy . ( breathes deeply ) A poor highlander boy ? If I take your meaning , That boy is a wanted thief and murderer . I was told he 'd merely stolen a loaf of bread . Did dougal mackenzie tell you that ? Hmm ? He was there . He witnessed it . The thief had been flogged before for trying to escape . 100 lashes administered by the corporal , A man not without skill in using the cat-o ' - nine-tails , But the thief didn 't break . No , he took his punishment without making a single sound . It set a bad example for the assembled onlookers , Both soldiers and civilians , and I could not allow That insult to the crown to pass unchecked , So yes . I decided that a further 100 lashes were in order . Hurry up . This time , I would administer them myself . ( grunts ) I prefer to work on a blank canvas . It , uh ... It makes one more able to mark the progress Of the damage inflicted . ( sniffs ) You 're shaking . Are you scared ? I 'm just afraid I 'll freeze stiff afore ye 're done talking . I will break you . ( grunts ) Have you ever seen a man scourged , madam ? It 's never pretty , And the thought of the whip coming down Across that pitiful , raw flesh Made my stomach flutter and my legs shake . ( sighs ) I did ... I had intended To pace myself . A hundred lashes is fatiguing to the arm . ( grunts ) Again , the boy refused to cry out . I wonder , Did he hope to stir me to pity ? If he did , he was sadly mistaken . I was ... I was hurting him . ( whip cracking ) I could feel it . The sheer judder of the whip coursing up my arm , Exploding into my heart ... ( whip continues cracking ) But the boy would not beg for mercy . The boy would not beg . ( panting ) ( grunting ) Look at me . Look at me ! ( yells ) Is that enough ? Is that enough ? ( grunting ) And then something changed . One of my men fainted like a woman , And the crowd barked in laughter . Silence ! I think it was in that moment that I determined To bleed him to the bone . The world suddenly narrowed down to my arm and his back , The whip connecting us both . The laughter changed , first to gasps , then to sobs . ( crying ) ( all gasp ) The crowd , they had to look away . They were horrified . ( grunts ) Blind fools . I think all they could see was the horror . I ... I could see the beauty . I saw the truth . That boy and I ... We were creating a masterpiece . An exquisite , bloody masterpiece . It was the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen . The truth carries a weight that no lie can counterfeit . ( sniffs ) I promised that I would reveal myself to you , and ... I have . Yes . I believe you have . You think me a monster , no doubt . It could be so . The fact that you care what I think Gives me some hope yet for your soul . I know one thing , madam . I am not the man I once was . I came to scotland to fulfill a soldier 's responsibility , To serve my king , and protect my country . Instead ... I find myself the watchman of a squalid , ignorant people Prone to the basest superstition and violence . The darkness has grown within me . A hatred For the very world itself . I find myself doing such things , Reddish work , Until I no longer recognize the man I have become . You 're not the first soldier to be changed by combat . The fact that you can admit to it is Yet another hopeful sign . Of what ? You say that buried within Is a decent man , A man that can still choose right over wrong . I believe that part of you lives still . It would be pretty to think so . You cannot undo the things you 've done , But it is not too late to win back your humanity . You can choose to be the man you wish to be . Do you think it possible that one day I might gaze Upon my own reflection and not be filled with loathing ? I believe A man with your insight and self-knowledge Can do whatever he wants . The rehabilitation of black jack randall . You could make a fortune betting against that . Perhaps I should begin by having you escorted to inverness . ( sighs ) ( chuckles ) I 've made you happy . Yes , you have . ( chuckles ) An odd sensation . A beginning , perhaps . I agree . Corporal hawkins . Mrs. Beauchamp and I ... ( clears throat ) Require your assistance . Captain randall , you have my deepest gra ... ( gasps ) ( exhales ) ( groaning ) I dwell in darkness , madam , And darkness is where I belong . I need no sympathy from you , and you will get none from me . ( gasping ) One way or the other , I will get the truth out of you . ( gasping ) Corporal ... Have you ever kicked a woman ? Sir ? It 's ... It 's very freeing . Come . ( gasping ) Kick her . I said kick her , milksop . Kick her ! ( coughs ) You see ? They 're so soft . Again . I don 't recall requesting your presence . ( coughs ) Up ye come , lassie . Ye 're done here . Hold ! I dinna come here to fight . You tell yer wee laddies here to step aside Before I lose my temper . You have no right to that woman , Not while she 's being questioned by a british officer . She is a guest of clan mackenzie . She is an english subject first . And she was brought here for fear She was being held prisoner by my brother . Now she will have assured ye that that is not the case , And by right , must be returned to me for protection . I 'm afraid further questions have arisen . Oh , well ... Ye won 't be asking them on mackenzie land . Not unless you want to start a war here , on this day . ( chuckles ) I suppose we 're done for the day . Be sure to deliver her to fort william by sundown tomorrow . If she is not present at the appointed time , You will be accused of harboring a fugitive from english law , And you 'll be hunted down and punished , Even unto death . War chief or not . Let them pass . Come on , lass . ( coughs ) I look forward to our next meeting , mrs . Beauchamp . Claire : My body still reeling from mistreatment , The last thing I felt like was a headlong gallop Through the rough terrain of the highlands . I feared I was close to fainting when dougal finally called for a halt . Are we meeting the others here ? No , they 're back at the campsite , But there 's fresh water nearby , And ye look like ye could use it . Water ? Where ? Down . Bit of a climb for a drink , is it not ? Oh , aye . There 's a stink to it , But it will wet your thrapple sure enough . Are ye a spy for the english or the french ? How many times must I answer that same question ? I promise , this is the last time I 'll ever ask it of ye . I am not a spy . I am plain claire beauchamp and nothing more . There . Can we finally be done with it ? Well ? Aye . Done it is . Did you plan on using that on me ? I would no have liked it . Ye 're a handsome woman , But if you proved false , I would have had no choice . But I ken now ye 're telling the truth . May I ask what convinced you ? St. Ninian 's spring . Some folk call it the liar 's spring . Smells like the fumes of hell itself . If you drink from that and you prove untrue , It 'll burn your gizzard out . A magic spring ? Well , you 're a healer . Surely ye believe in the powers of magic . Well , I doubt captain randall would be so easily convinced . Aye . Well , ye don 't need to see him again . Not if ye do what I tell ye . Don 't you have to bring me to fort william tomorrow ? An english officer cannot compel a scottish person , Unless there is proof a crime has been committed , And even so , cannot force a scottish subject From clan lands without permission From the laird concerned . You 've been talking to ned gowan . Aye , I have . I thought it might come to this . I can only legally refuse to hand ye back to randall If I change ye from an englishwoman To a scot . Into a scot ? Mmm , and the only way I can do that Is for you to marry one . No . Absolutely not . I cannot do that ! Would ye rather go to an english prison ? So I 'm to marry you ? ( laughs ) Well , I must admit The idea of grinding your corn does tickle me , But it 's not myself I 'd be nominating for the position . Then who ? ( footsteps approaching ) Dougal wants us to be married . I know . And you 're willing ? Well , ye 've mended my wounds more than once . I feel I owe ye something for all that . Besides , what kind of friend would I be If I left ye to that mad bastard randall ? But surely a young man like yourself ... Well , isn 't there someone else that you 're interested in ? Oh , am I promised ? ( laughs ) No . No , I 'm not much of a prospect for a wife . I mean , I 've nothing more than a soldier 's pay to live on . Then there 's the minor difficulty of a price on my head . No father wants his daughter married to a man That might be arrested and hanged any time . Did ye think of that ? So that 's it then . As far as you 're concerned , we can just start the honeymoon tomorrow ? Aye . Whatever suits ye . Well , doesn 't it bother you that ... That I 'm not a virgin ? Well , uh , no . So long as it doesna bother you that I am . I reckon one of us should ken what they 're doing . ( indistinct chatter )
