 JUSTIN : Thing is , no one exactly knows what happened to the Crying Man that summer . Ripped By mstoll Some say that he drowned in the lake . But others say that they 've seen his ghost wandering these woods in search for his lost sister . Actually , they say if you 're quiet and listen real hard , you can still hear him crying . ( WAILS WEAKLY ) ( ALL LAUGHING ) Mr. Cross , that was , like , the worst Crying Man ever . - Really ? I thought it was pretty good . - No . You guys think we 're kidding . Just remember to stick close to the campfire tonight , okay ? Hey , guys , do you hear that ? Hear what ? That humming sound . Stay here . I 'm gonna take a look around the campground . What humming ? Where 's Mr. Cross going ? He 's just trying to scare us . ( CHUCKLING ) So lame . Come on , guys , grab a s 'more . All right , these are for you . Ooh , I want the marshmallows . Tom , I know you like chocolate , so there you go . - Don 't hog the marshmallows , okay ? - TOM : Of course , my favorite . Hey . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) ( CROSS SCREAMS ) - Everyone , to the truck ! Now ! - No ! Go , go ! Go ! Come on . Hurry up . ( CONTINUES SCREAMING ) - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) - ( ALL SCREAMING ) ( PANTING ) BO Y : What was that ? Are you guys okay ? Mr. Cross ? ( INSECTS CHIRPING ) Mr. Cross ? Come on , guys . Let 's go look for him . Stay close . Mr. Cross , are you okay ? BO Y : Where is he ? Mr. Cross . We should just go back . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( SCREAMING ) Ahh ! Working up a good sweat there , sir ? I don 't sweat . I glisten . Blood pressure , heart rate , biochems , all normal . All that 's left is the blood sample . ( TREADMILL BEEPS ) You should know , I 'm not a fan of getting poked . Tell me , sir , have you been feeling under the weather lately ? - Why ? - ( VELCRO STRIPS ) I just noticed from your chart that you 're not due for a general physical for another three months . I made a mistake . Took a call from my physical therapist . Asked how I was feeling , I said , " A little rusty . " Next thing you know , I 'm wired to this hamster wheel . Well , you can officially tell your physical therapist that you 're fit as the proverbial a fiddle . Especially for a man of your age . " A man of my age " ? That 's something you say to an old person . Is it ? ( CHUCKLES ) Well , let 's get you some electrolytes , shall we ? Huh . Sorry , Fitz . It 's close , but it 's just not right . Really ? ' Cause Agent Coulson had no problems . It 's an ounce too heavy . An ounce ? Seriously ? It 's the difference between success and failure . When you 're on a rooftop with a 15 mile-an-hour wind , your target is 500 yards away ... Yeah , but we do have a rifle . Lose the ounce . Yeah , okay . On it . Lose the ounce . ( IMITATING WARD ) " I 'm Agent Grant Ward , " and I can shoot the legs off a flea from 500 yards , - " as long as it 's not windy . " - ( LAUGHS ) Hey , that 's a sound I haven 't heard in a bit . Yeah , well , you wouldn 't be laughing a whole lot if you were living in Ward 's doghouse . You made the rounds , apologized to us all . - What more can he ask ? Mmm . - I don 't know . I have been busting my ass , memorizing every S.H.I. E.L.D. Protocol manual , following every order . " Yes , sir ! " " No , sir ! " I even let them tag me like a stray dog . I mean , I know I lied to you guys , but I was trying to protect my boyfriend . You know , we all make mistakes . I don 't care ... Who cares about your ex-boyfriend ? It 's not like I 'm comparing Ward to Miles , but at least with Miles , I didn 't have to worry about passive aggressive stuff . There 's no mind games . We spoke the same language , you know ? Yeah , yeah , a bit like we do . Totally . You and Simmons are so tight . - It 's like you 're psychically linked . - No . Actually , no , I don 't think so . So Ward was here ? Let me guess . The Night-Night pistol again ? Yeah . Oh , yeah , and he said it was off by an ounce . ( SCOFFS ) ' Course he did . ( IMITATING WARD ) " I 'm Agent Grant Ward , " and I could rupture your spleen with my left pinky . - " Blindfolded . " - ( LAUGHS ) - That is dead on . - ( DOOR OPENS ) Hey . Hustle up and grab your gear . - We 're on a mission . - ( CHUCKLING ) Something funny ? Poor , silly Fitz . He mistakenly left a dummy round in the pistol . Should be proper now . Great . Thanks . ( SNICKERING ) COULSON : Troop leader 's name was Adam Cross . Apparently , he said he heard something in the woods , went to check it out . That 's where the electrostatic anomaly occurred . What I don 't understand is usually they 're caused by a massive electrical storm . But there wasn 't a storm within 1,000 miles of here last night . This anomaly 's different . It has a side effect we 've never seen before . The battery blew straight up through the hood . WARD : Landed over here . Hell of a force to create that kind of trajectory . Huh . What are you doing ? I 'm shadowing my supervising officer . Shadowing . Not smothering . ( SIGHS ) There 's scorch marks all over that tree . Lucky the whole forest didn 't burn down . I don 't get it . Seems to me like this electroshock thingy was some freak lightning strike . I mean , why call us ? What 's the big ... ( CHUCKLING ) Oh . Never mind . So sad a man died this way . And yet , so amazing . Fitz-Simmons , any idea what could cause an effect like this ? - Well , judging by the horizontal ... - The soliton hypothesis ... Time . Let 's try that again . Any idea what could cause an effect like this ? - The hell if I know . - Uh , no , no clue . Seems to me like we 're either dealing with some freak natural event or a new high-tech weapon . Or could it be someone from your über secret Index ? There 's no one on the Index with this type of power . That we know of . I 'll contact Agent Blake at S.H.I. E.L.D. H.Q. , have him check it out . Whoever or whatever 's responsible , we can 't let this happen again . Fitz , see his forehead ? Look at that endothelial discoloration . Yeah , same dispersal pattern as the strike on the truck . Could be an entry wound , cauterized immediately ? - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) - ( GASPS ) - Freaky . - ( SIMMONS SIGHS ) Freaky ! - You found something on Cross ? - Many things , actually . But you already knew that , thanks to my fancy S.H.I. E.L.D. House-arrest gizmo tracking my every key swipe , my online activity , my cholesterol . Just wish it came in another color . Or came off . The victim ? Adam Cross . Single , no kids , originally from Wrigley , Pennsylvania , not far from here . Been there . They have a nice little strawberry festival in the spring . Occupation ? Phys . Ed . Teacher at the local high school , and varsity baseball coach , and troop leader , and volunteer firefighter . This guy makes Captain America look like The Dude . ( CHUCKLES ) The Big Lebowski . Seriously ? What about a criminal record , restraining order , something that might give us a suspect ? - ( BEEPING ) - Nada . Not even a parking ticket . I skimmed all his posts , anyone linked to his pages , hoping for a crazy ex or super-powered stalker , and he 's clean . Everybody looks clean on their first go ' round . Ward 's right . We 're missing something . Dig deeper . You 've been pretty tough on her . She lied to us . Contacted the Rising Tide while we were on a mission . If she wants our trust back , she 's got to earn it . The background she ran on Cross is a good start . Put it up on the server . I want May to have a look when she 's done with her interrogation . Have a cookie . Excellent timing , sir . I 've been analyzing sagittal and coronal images of the victim 's brain . What 's Fitz doing out there ? He detected a strange energy coming off the body . - He 's afraid of it , isn 't he ? - It 's the smell ! There 's no shame in it , Fitz . It 's perfectly natural to be afraid . No , the only thing I 'm afraid of is putrid , decaying flesh corrupting my pristine workspace . Do you remember the last time you brought a dead thing into the lab ? Oh , not the stupid cat again ! - And it 's our lab , Fitz , not your lab ! - The cat ! Tell him about the cat . You left his liver next to my lunch ! Guys , can we please ... Yes , sir . Um , as I was saying , this is the victim 's brain . COULSON : Looks like a burned baked potato . That happens when it 's hit with close to 2,000 megajoules of electrostatic energy . That 's almost double the power of a lightning bolt . Kid 's clean . You figure out why the body was floating ? - ( DOOR CLOSES ) - Not yet . The molecular density of the victim was temporarily altered by an unknown energy source . I 'm hoping to shed some light on its effects once I extract a brain tissue sample . It 's happening again ! It 's science , Fitz ! I have to dissect something ! No , the satellite 's picking up another electrostatic event , not 20 kilometers from here ! Fitz , what 's the latest reading ? We 're at 324 megajoules and growing stronger . Dangerous territory , sir . There 's a farmhouse a mile north of you right at the center of the signal . That 's gotta be it . Skye , dig up everything you can on whoever lives at that farm . We need to know who we 're dealing with . ( BEEPING ) Hold on now . What just happened ? Um , it 's gone . - What 's gone ? - The electrostatic signal . It seemed to pulse , then disappear . We need a shortcut . ( BEEPING ) ( TIRES SCREECH ) ( CAR DOORS CLOSE ) Door 's barred from the inside . - Hayloft 's open . - We could ram it with the truck . ( GRUNTS ) Or ... COULSON : Scan the perimeter . Whoever did this couldn 't have gotten far . Barricaded himself inside . Went for his shotgun . He was scared . Trying to protect himself . From who ? How 'd they get to him ? Another burn mark on the forehead . No sign of anyone . No tracks , no vehicles down the road . Skye , we need real-time sat surveillance on this area right now . - Hang on . - ( BEEPING ) I think I found something you might wanna see first . Sending it over now . ( KE YS CLACKING ) The guy who owns the farm 's name is Frank Whalen . He 's a volunteer firefighter at the same station house as our first victim , Adam Cross . Our two victims knew each other ? They were both responders when the aliens crashed New York . Two victims from the same firehouse found in the same weird way . We 're looking for a killer . ( BLOWS ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( WHIRRING ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) Gotcha ! Hey , um , anyone else notice all the metal scattered around the body , like an electromagnetic field was present ? Question is , what created it ? We need to get this body back to the lab as soon as possible . Something about these wounds ... COULSON : Skye , what 'd you find out about the firehouse ? It turns out they sent an engine to New York with a dozen volunteers after the Chitauri invasion , including Cross and Whalen . Maybe it has something to do with why they were targeted ? Or how they were killed . You mean , like , an alien weapon ? Let 's just make sure we get to those firefighters before anyone else does . ( CAR DOOR CLOSES ) Evening , gentlemen . Agent Phil Coulson with S.H.I. E.L.D. We were on the ground with you in New York . S.H.I. E.L.D. Right . What 's this all about ? We 'd like to ask you a few questions , take a look around . TONY : Hey , guys . What 's goin ' on ? - SKYE : What are you looking for ? - A scented candle . Not you . This wound , something doesn 't quite make sense . Initially , I thought these were entry wounds , as if from a gunshot , but they 're not . They 're exit wounds . What do you mean ? Frankie 's dead ? - I 'm very sorry . - You know how it happened ? The same way your other friend , Mr. Cross , died the day before . Which was how , exactly ? I 'm sorry . Your name is ? Tony . Tony Diaz . You okay , Mr. Diaz ? Actually , uh ... I 'm actually not feeling so hot . Cover the back door . Nobody comes in or out . What if this weapon overloaded the brain past the threshold of its electrical capacity causing it to discharge , like an EMP ? You 're assuming we 're dealing with an external source . I 'm saying it was something from inside him . ( BEEPING ) Something 's happening . The satellite 's picking up another reading . It 's coming from the firehouse . That humming noise , you hear that ? No , I don 't . Were you in New York with Mr. Cross and Mr. Whalen after the Chitauri invasion ? Come on , you don 't hear that ? ( SIGHS ) It 's driving me nuts . Mr. Diaz , are you with me ? Whatever you 're doing , make it stop . I 'm not doing anything ! - Where 's the weapon ? - The what ? MAY : Coulson , I found it . It 's a Chitauri helmet . ( BEEPING ) Fitz-Simmons , are you seeing this ? SIMMONS : It 's not a weapon , yet it caused a cranial discharge . - What are you doing with the helmet ? - What ? The alien thing ? It 's a souvenir ! - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) - Aah ! - ( CLATTERING ) - Not again . Answer the question , Mr. Diaz . What are you doing with the helmet ? The first time anyone 's touched it since New York - was a couple nights ago . - Why ? TONY : It had rust all over it . We were cleaning it . That wasn 't rust . May , don 't touch it ! Sir , he 's not using a weapon . He 's infected . I think the helmet was the source of an alien virus . All we did was clean it , I swear ! Me , Frankie and Adam , we were bored on the third shift , so we decided to clean it . Adam and Frankie ... Mr. Diaz , I 'm putting the gun away now , okay ? Sir , he 's at 600 megajoules and climbing ! Sir ! Clear everybody out . Clear everybody out now . I 'm gonna wind up like them , aren 't I ? ( BREATHES DEEPLY ) Why don 't you have a seat ? You have any family ? Wife , kids ? Is there anyone you wanna talk to ? Anything I can do ? FITZ : Sir , you have to get out of there right now ! He 's going ... Listen to me . I 've been where you are right now . So please believe me when I tell you , you don 't have to be afraid . What are you talking about ? Your job . It gets pretty dangerous , doesn 't it ? Mine , too . I got hurt once . Pretty bad . And I died . Some say it was only for eight seconds , but I know it was more than that . I know I wasn 't here anymore . I was there . What 's it like ? ( WHISPERING ) It 's beautiful . ( ELECTRICITY PULSING ) You better get going , buddy . Go . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ( BEEPING ) All clean . No traces of electrostatic energy . What about the other firefighters ? They 'll be quarantined and observed at a S.H.I. E.L.D. Bio-hazard facility . Um , anyone else notice they 're putting the infected alien thing on our truck ? - We 're flying it to the Sandbox . - Sandbox ? It 's a S.H.I. E.L.D. Research facility across the Atlantic . They specialize in hazardous materials . - ( DOOR CLOSES ) - Lf what you suspect is true , that this is a virus , then those firefighters could be infected , and they 're gonna need a cure . Find one . Yes , sir . What 's our ETA ? 3 : 37 West Africa Time . Gonna be a long four hours and 26 minutes . You okay ? Fine . Just want this alien thing off our plane as soon as humanly possible . You wanna talk about your physical ? Nothing to tell . My physical therapist requested it . He 's updating his files or something . You 'd tell me if something was wrong . ( SCOFFS ) Of course . FITZ : Sir , I think I 've discovered something . - Could you come down to the lab ? - I 'll be right there . MAY : Phil . The fireman , you did everything you could for him . COULSON : So , what am I looking for , exactly ? Wait for it . ( FITZ CHUCKLES ) What was that ? A groundbreaking discovery ! I believe the firefighters initially contracted the virus when they cleaned the helmet . The friction activating some long-decaying Chitauri organism . Hang on . These cells are from the bodies of the firefighters ? Brain cells , yes . The last vestiges of the infection . Some viruses sleep inside host cells for years before reproducing , as they did inside the helmet , the initial source . But what those cells tell us is that we 're dealing with a propagating virus , which means ... The virus can move from person to person . Exactly ! And that 's the most exciting part , how it spreads . Not through the air , or through direct fluid transfer , but through electrostatic shock . ( CHUCKLING ) It 's like nothing we 've ever seen on Earth . I didn 't think it possible a virus could alter its host 's molecular density and polarity . That explains the floating . I can 't wait till the virologists at the CDC and S.H.I. E.L.D. H.Q. See this . Sir , is something wrong ? I 'm so sorry , Jemma . - ( BEEPING ) - ( ALARM WAILING ) - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) - ( GASPS ) Oh , no . ( WHIRRING ) ( BLOWS ) ( TAP ON GLASS ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( BREATH TREMBLING ) COULSON : Simmons believes she contracted the virus approximately 36 hours ago when she received an electrostatic shock from the first victim . How much time does she have ? Based on when the firemen were infected , how quickly their symptoms manifested ... Two hours at most . That 's enough time , right ? I mean , S.H.I. E.L.D. Has dozens of labs and scientists working on this thing , don 't they ? They do . How soon can you get us on the ground ? Three hours . Our path to the Sandbox has us right in the middle of the Atlantic . So , correct me if I 'm wrong , but if we can 't land in time ... Simmons will release a pulse that will blow this plane right out of the sky . We can 't just sit here and watch her die . We have to do something . There 's only one person on this plane capable of finding a solution for this , and I 'm willing to bet my life that she will . MAY : She 's just a kid . ( CLICKING ) I believe we have a winner . Fast and efficient , the perfect delivery mechanism . Uh , hey , um , not that it was easy to find a mineralized solution that could suspend the vaccine and conduct electricity . I wish you wouldn 't use the word " vaccine " . It 's really more of an anti-serum . ( CHUCKLES ) ( SIGHS ) Okay , so ... These antibodies should be able to target the virus ' antigens . If this bloody alien virus even has antigens . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) - Come on , now . Come on . - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) That wasn 't very cooperative of him now , was it ? ( INHALES DEEPLY ) SKYE : Why aren 't you down there ? They don 't need an audience . You can stay . If you want . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) I hate this . - I just feel so ... - Helpless . Yeah . I wanted it to be a person . Some super-powered psychopath . Someone I could hurt . Someone I could punish . That I could do . What I can 't do is protect you guys from stuff I can 't even see . Or understand . ( INHALES SHARPLY ) So what do we do ? ( BREATHES DEEPLY ) We wait . And get ready . Ready for what ? For whatever it is we 're called upon to do . Coulson , nice to see you 're not dead . Did you get our analysis of the virus ? We did , and S.H.I.E.L.D. Has no record of anything like it . No one does . So it 's imperative it reach the Sandbox without incident . In case of a pandemic , we 're gonna need it . I 'm aware of that , but I don 't need more orders or ultimatums . I need answers . I wish I had some for you . I 'm sorry , Coulson . I 've been ordered to inform you that if you have infected cargo , you need to dump it . Do you copy me , Coulson ? - ( BEEPING ) - These orders are coming from up top . I 'm sorry , bad connection . Didn 't get that last part . ( CRACKLING ) Don 't even think it . I don 't have to . That 's your job . ( WHIRRING ) - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) - ( GASPS ) ( SIGHS ) FITZ : It 's all right . Everything 's gonna be fine . Please stop saying that . I see you looking at your watch . Are you sure you don 't need my help just to ... Are you sure this thing even works ? Yeah , well , you know it does . My device isn 't the issue . It 's the vaccine . Anti-serum ! And all I 'm wondering is whether you calibrated it correctly ... Hey , it 's not the device ! Hey , don 't put this on me ! I was doing just fine tucked away in a safe , indoor , non-mobile lab at the Academy . Then you had to go and drag us into this flying circus ! ( PANTING ) Didn 't even pass our field assessments , for God 's sakes . Oh , please , as if I forced you to follow me anywhere . You said , and I quote , " Oh , Fitz , it 's the most perfect opportunity for us to see the world ! " We 'd be fools to pass this one up . " I hate it when you use that voice . That 's not even how I sound . And you were just afraid of going into the field . I was not afraid . And don 't you dare act like these last months haven 't been the highlight of your entire pasty life . Pasty . Oh , really ? Well , when did you become so sun-kissed ? ( SCOFFS ) Because I 'm pretty sure that every minute of every day , you 've been stuck in a lab right beside me . At the Academy , at Sci-Ops , this plane , you 've been beside me the whole damn time ! You have to fix this . I don 't know how , Fitz . The antibodies from the three firefighters aren 't strong enough to fight this virus . It 's born from alien DNA . There 's no one to create an anti-serum from , because no one 's actually survived this except ... BOTH : The Chitauri . The minky bastard who actually wore the helmet had the virus ... Yeah , and managed to survive without ever emitting an electrostatic pulse because ... - He was immune . - Yes ! She was just the carrier . Like Typhoid Mary . Uh , she ? Well , no , wait . You don 't really think that ... Okay . Doesn 't matter . Um , so if I can scrape some epithelial cells from the inside of the helmet , we can create a vaccine . Yes ! Anti-serum , but yes ! - MAY : Isn 't that ... - Fitz ! No ! Uh ... You can 't be in here ! Too late . It 's done . Just try and do your best to keep your hands off me , yeah ? Fitz , I don 't know what you think you 're doing , but ... I 'm doing what we always do . We 're gonna fix this . Together . ( BO X OPENS ) ( WHIRRING ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) Third time 's a charm . May I do the honors ? ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) I can 't breathe . We did it . ( CHUCKLES ) ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) No . Sir , I know the protocol in these circumstances , but could you please tell my dad first ? I just think my mum would take it better if it comes from him . We 're not there yet . There 's still time . Sir , please ? Would you mind if I had a brief moment alone with Fitz ? ( SOBBING ) COULSON : Let 's go . ( SNIFFLES ) We 'll try again . The electrostatic pulse from the third rat seemed much less , so we 're making progress . If we can calibrate the anti-serum ... Anti-serum , yes . You finally got it right , Fitz . I 'm so sorry . Aah ! ( GROANING ) MAY : Agent Blake is on the line . He wants to know what 's going on . If you won 't answer , he asked for Ward . Sir , what are our orders ? They 're unchanged . ( ALARM BLARING ) What is that ? ( BEEPING ) Someone 's lowering the cargo hold ramp . ( BLARING CONTINUES ) ( GROANS ) What the hell ? ( GROANS ) Hey , it worked . The pulse just knocked the rat unconscious ... Jemma ? Jemma ! Jemma , it worked ! What are you doing ? No ! Jemma , no ! Jemma ! Jemma ! - ( WHIRRING ) - ( PANTING ) I 'm coming . Come on , it 's gonna be fine . It 's gonna be fine , Jemma . The anti-serum works , but she jumped ! ( WHIMPERING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( STRAINING ) - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ) - Ah ! COULSON : Don 't get me wrong ! I 'm happy you 're both alive . Truly . And I realize you were trying to save the team . But what you did today , that was not your call . Just getting you out of the water , do you have any idea what a pain it is dealing with the Moroccan office ? Don 't you ever pull a stunt like that again ! We 'd hate to lose you , Jemma . Thank you , sir . Oh , does that mean we 're to leave now ? So , what 'd you think of your first time sky diving ? ( SIGHING ) Honestly , I 'd rather not think about it anymore . I thought what you did was incredibly brave . Oh . Well , I suppose now 's as good a time as any to tell you that I may have misled you earlier . You see , when I gave you back the Night-Night pistol , I lied . It 's still an ounce off . I know . - You do ? - Of course . After all , ( DEEP VOICE ) " I 'm Agent Grant Ward . " I just jumped out of a plane without a parachute on " and saved your life ! " Actually , that 's not quite it . - It 's a bit more nasally than that . - ( CHUCKLES ) Oh . Hello , Skye . Oh ! How was Simmons ? Amazingly resilient . You 'd never know she almost died . An experience like that , it takes a while to sink in . That her medical report ? Mine , actually . Blood work finally came back . I 'm perfectly normal . Little heavy on the iron , but don 't worry . You don 't have to start calling me Iron Man . Wasn 't planning on it . My doctors never requested any tests . I ordered them for myself , but you knew that . This piece of paper is telling me that everything 's fine . But I don 't feel fine . I feel different . Take off your shirt . Excuse me ? Your shirt . Unbutton it . ( INHALES SHARPLY ) Whether it was eight seconds or 40 , you died . There 's no way you can go through a trauma like that and not come out of it changed . - You know how long it 's taken me to ... - I know . The point of these things is to remind us that there is no going back . There 's only moving forward . You feel different because you are different . - And I was going to do it . - I know you were . I had the anti-serum , the chute , everything . I just couldn 't get the straps on . Fitz , please . And maybe I couldn 't have done the whole James Bond - in-mid-air type of thing ... - Fitz , shut up . Please , just ... Ward did an amazing thing , yes . But it wasn 't Ward by my side in that lab , searching for a cure . It wasn 't Ward giving me hope when I had none . It was you . You 're the hero . - Yeah . - Yeah . Thank you . - Blake . - Coulson . That 's the best you could come up with ? " We 've got a bad connection " ? - I was pressed for time . - Bold move . You know our chat wasn 't exactly private . They never are . I don 't know what happened to you in New York , if you really flatlined , or if that 's just what they tell us when we reach Level 7 . Ripped By mstoll
