 NOLAN : Previously on Defiance ... I need a terrasphere . It 's impossible to steal from the E-Rep . I believe in you . Here it is . ( GROANING AND SCREAMING ) Sound like you 're losing your mojo , newlywed . Maybe I can help you find it . You have to live in their skin . Christie 's running with a weird crowd . You 're mocking my culture ! I came here to please you . I don 't want your money . I want to be your princess . ALAK : I don 't think I can do this anymore . Look , you got the money . Okay ? I don 't want money . I want you . I don 't love you . You want Treasure Doll removed from the playing field . I 'll pay you 300 . Money means nothing to me . I 'll gut the little whore myself . WOMAN : ( SINGING ON RADIO ) I am ... DEIRDRE : ( ON RADIO ) Treasure Doll here ... Doll eyes giving you a dose of sonic courage to start your morning . A little something to bolster your nerve . Help you get through the day . Because we all get a little lost sometimes ... When all we want is to be found . ... they really want you They really do Yeah , they really want you They really want you And I do , too I want to be the girl with the most cake I love him so much it just turns to hate ( BEEPING ) I fake it so real I am beyond fake And someday ... ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) ... you will ache like I ache Someday you will ache like I ache ... It 's about time ! What took you so long ? I am ... Doll parts , bad ... ( RECORD SKIPPING ) ( GLASS SHATTERING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) DEIRDRE : You might wanna slow down there , boss . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) You 're getting pretty drunk . ( LAUGHS ) It 's a crazy idea for me to take over the NeedWant . This is Kenya 's world . Not mine . I gotta get out of here . Hey . Mmm . When Kenya disappeared , none of us knew what to do . If you hadn 't stepped up and reopened the NeedWant , we would all be out of work . This little family would have splintered . I don 't have any other family . I need this place . These people . Okay . ( SNIFFLES ) ( POWERING UP ) ( DOOR OPENS ) I assume you heard Deirdre Lamb was killed . Treasure Doll . I heard . Shouldn 't you be figuring out who did it ? That 's gonna have to wait . Irisa needs me . And to find her you need that much firepower ? She stole a terrasphere . What would she want with a terrasphere ? No idea . All I do know is my emotionally-disturbed daughter is in possession of the same weapon we used to destroy a Volge army . A terrasphere could level this town . I understand you have to go . But who 's gonna speak for the dead ? Sorry . I don 't know . I 'm a little short on deputies right now . Give me a badge . Give you a badge ? You heard me . ( SIGHS ) It belongs to Irisa . Take good care of it . Try and stay out of trouble . I was mayor of this town . I think I can handle being Lawkeeper . Don 't flatter yourself . You 're just a deputy . Deputy ? Nolan had an emergency . Why don 't you start with the picnic stuff . I 'm on it . So did Treasure Doll make this little feast for you ? No . No . I was at Tarr Traxx all morning . I heard dead air on the radio , so I came here to see what was wrong . By the time I got here , there was already a crowd of people gathered around her body . So you have no idea who the strawberries and cheese were for ? She liked to bring clients up here for sex . The view is a turn-on . I bet . So , were you having sex with her ? Me ? No . No . I keep things professional with my employees . Mmm . Is there usually a microphone attached to the end of this cord ? Yeah . Any idea where it is ? I have no idea . Hmm ... What , you think that I did this ? I 'll let you know . ( WHIRRING ) Take a look at this . It 's one of my old surveillance cameras . It 's not supposed to be here . Did you know that was up there ? Absolutely not . Memory card is missing . So what happened to Nolan ? He got a lead on Irisa . Took off after her . He didn 't tell you that ? Nolan and I aren 't , uh , sharing our whereabouts anymore . When did that happen ? When he thought he lost you . Irisa ? ( INAUDIBLE ) Kiddo , what you got yourself into ? ( GUN COCKS ) Guess I 'm a little late to the party , huh ? All right . Okay . So ... What 's going on down there ? Stay back . What , am I making you nervous ? Why ? ( GROANS ) Ow ! Jeez ! Whatever 's infected Irisa , it 's got you , too . Don 't . ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) Go ahead . ( PANTING ) Go on . Do it . Pull the trigger . You 've always pretended like you 're better than me . Prove to me you 're exactly the same kind of animal I am . Come on , Tommy . Go right ahead . No . ( GUN CLATTERS ) ( GROANING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( PANTING ) I can 't believe Quentin turned him in . Isn 't family supposed to mean something ? Your brother had no choice . Well , whatever happened to loyalty ? Your father confessed to killing an Earth Republic ambassador . If you should be angry with anyone ... It 's him . I know . It 's just hard to accept that someone you love is a murderer . We all do terrible things to get what we want . It 's unavoidable , I think . The most we can hope for is that what we want is worth the evil we do . You really think that ? Hanya tavo , I think of little else . ( DOOR OPENS ) Deirdre Lamb is dead . Oh , my God . How ? She was thrown from the Arch . I 'm sorry . Forget it . I don 't wanna hear about this . ( FOOTSTEPS RECEDING ) Such a tragedy . Yeah . Terrible . Hmm . At least you 're bleeding now like a normal person . Why do you think your body rejected that thing ? Maybe Irzu 's gift doesn 't work on humans . It 's not Irzu . Whatever you wanna call it . The god that 's pulling Irisa 's strings . ( CHUCKLES ) It 's not a god . Those tendrils are sections of arkbrain . Billions of tiny robots working together to control their host . So I was possessed by what ? A machine ? Kaziri . It 's an ancient spaceship buried under Old St. Louis . An artificial intelligence pretending to be a god . It 's pretty convincing . You know it wants to destroy the world , right ? Irzu wants to terraform the planet and start fresh with its chosen few . " Vu-LAAI-she , " they say . " Paradise . " A Votan Rapture . A rapture ? Old Earth Bible thing . The righteous are swept up and saved before God obliterates the wicked and destroys the world . Holy shit . Exactly . Positronic charges . They scramble arkbrains . These things should knock those doomsday cultists on their asses long enough for us to get Irisa clear . You can 't have an apocalypse without your key horseman . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) ( SNIFFS ) What are these for ? I 'd put those down and wash your hands . Oh . A-ha ! Memory card . See what 's on it . I 'll take it to the workshop . Here we go . What ? Treasure Doll 's most recent clients . Hmm ... Uh , Gail was on shift at the mines so we can rule her out . Jeru 's afraid of heights , so we can rule him out . Oh . Here 's a promising client . And he just visited her last night . MAN : Excuse me . ( BUZZING ) I said , " Excuse me . " ( SCOFFS ) Oh , please . Last week you were a madam , this week you 're a lawkeeper . What 's next , pantomime artist ? Well , we all need a fallback position . Was there something you wanted other than to touch my undergarments ? You had an appointment recently with Treasure Doll . Probably right before her nails met your neck . Oh , her nails were like vetho claws coming in to claim its prey . Oh , it was a good time . Worth every TAZH-wa-yo . Was it worth killing her ? Treasure Doll 's dead ? Huh . Oh , that 's too bad . One of Defiance 's more engaging entertainments . Did she say something to incite you ? Hmm ... Make you violent ? Hmm . She called you a haint ? ( CHUCKLES ) Oh , Amanda , that 's a very naughty word . Even coming from the mouth of a filthy human whore-monger . At least I have a job . You haven 't seen Treasure Doll in months . Why did you suddenly need her services last night ? Answer the question . It was a family matter . It 's the real thing this time . I am completely in love . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) With a client ? His father 's a client , but my guy 's not into Night Porters . Mmm . He 's into me for real . So , what 's the name of this smooth talker ? WOMAN : ( SINGING ) She doesn 't know just how strong my ... Um ... Ah ! It 's a secret . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) I won 't give you up ... Wow . So Alak was sleeping with Treasure Doll . I never said that . Thank you for your help . I 'd ask you not to leave town , but from the looks of this place , I doubt you could afford a land coach ticket . ( BANGS ) Get those hands up . Now ! ( GUNS COCKING ) ( GRUNTS ) This is my prisoner . Don 't shoot . ( SPEAKING IRATHIENT ) Put up your guns ! You should not have brought him here ! You should have killed him . It 's not what Irisa would have wanted . Tishinkaa is strongly connected to Nolan . His words may weaken her resolve . Shall I kill him ? No , Alethea . The burden is mine . No . I 'll see him . Alone . ( EXHALES ) You 're coming back home . We can do it the easy way or we can do it the hard way . Your choice . And what will you do to my people ? Nothing , if you tell them to stand down . They won 't listen . Too bad for them . It 's a good thing they can 't be killed . 'Cause that 's how you handle everything . With violence . All right , well , that 's not fair . I 'm not interested in being fair ! I 'm interested in truth . You raised me to enjoy hurting people . Stop it ! You taught me how to use a blade . Or how to kill . I mean , for a child , that can feel like play . A game . I taught you how to survive ! I saw you as a hero because you rescued me , you took away my pain . But I didn 't see what you were . I was blinded by ... I don 't know ... I ... I thought it was love . You weren 't blinded . The love was there . You murdered so many Votans . Our lives meant nothing to you ! You 're a monster ! A predator ! And that is why I can 't save you . You 're evil ! No , this isn 't you . I wanted so much to make you happy , I imitated you . I did the same awful things . This isn 't you . This is me ! It has always been me ! You were blind and stupid ! You killed my parents , and I loved you for it . Don 't you understand how sick that is ? ( CRYING ) You broke me into little pieces . You ruined me . ( SHOUTING IN IRATHIENT ) I went on the run for you ! I lost my commission for you ! I took you as my own daughter ! Even though ... Even though I was a disgusting alien ? Now , I never said that . But you thought it ! I never said it ! No ! Admit it . Liar ! I can see what 's in your head . You can 't hide from the truth . You can 't hide from my god 's light ! Your god is a fraud . ( GROANS ) This world is an abomination . And not because of Arkfall , or terraforming . It 's because of you . Humans . You spent thousands of years ruining this beautiful world . And that is why I can 't save you . Where 's my daughter ? ( WHIMPERS ) Where is she ? No ! That is enough . Enough ! ( CRYING ) I 'm planning a food walk this afternoon , to deliver supplies to the poor and disabled . I won 't be needing your company . Are you going to see Datak ? My husband is poor , but hardly disabled . Favi Tarr . May I speak with you a moment ? What is it ? I found this under Alak 's bed . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) ( SIGHS ) No love for R. E.M. , I see . Mmm , kids these days . No respect for the classics . Hmm . I already told you everything I know about Treasure Doll . You didn 't tell us you were sleeping with her . In fact , you told us the exact opposite . Why 'd you lie ? I didn 't sleep with her . I 'm faithful to my wife . Good . Because if you were sleeping with her and we caught you lying about it , that would look pretty bad . ( BEEPING ) Of course , it would look a lot worse if we learned that Deirdre had been secretly taping and editing a blackmail package . That would be a pretty strong motive to kill her , don 't you think ? ( MOANING ) Maybe she threatened you over a nice picnic lunch ? If you stir up trouble , if you get in my way , I swear I will drop your skinny ass off the top of this Arch ! You know , this is a horrible mistake . Alak didn 't hurt anyone . You know that ! He 'll have his day in court . With the E-Rep in charge ? You won 't rest until my whole family is in jail , will you ? ( SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) Hush , Hanya . You don 't think I killed her , do you ? I know you didn 't . But I also know that you betrayed me and you betrayed our child . ( CLANGING ) I 've been so stupid . Yes . ( EXHALES ) But it 's good that you now understand that your wife is not Castithan . You swore a human oath of fidelity which she expects you to honor . Perhaps , some time behind bars will help you grow , as it has your father . Did you set me up ? Is this supposed to be some sort of weird family life lesson you 're trying to teach me ? Of course not . What about Dad ? How could you say such a thing ? I don 't know , Mom . You tell me . I 'm late for my food walk . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES ) ( COUGHING ) This is amazing . Can I have another ? Oh , eat as much as you wish , Andina . These were my son 's favorite , when he was your age . I knew we had the Tarr family to thank for the food walk , but I didn 't realize that you were involved so personally . ( COUGHING ) " What is run-off for some is to others , river . " It 's an old Castithan saying meaning ... " We should help others . " My mother used to say it . ( SIGHS ) She died in the last razor rain storm . I am so sorry . Please , can you fill this for your father ? Yes , Favi . I brought some kataranga roast . A small reminder of home . ( CHUCKLES ) But a large comfort . Thank you . What will become of your daughter after you have passed on ? I have tried to locate family to care for her , but I have been unable . My household recently lost a handmaiden . Perhaps we could bind her to us . You ... You would do that ? The purpose of a food walk is to provide comfort and peace to the dying . I imagine knowing that your daughter would never go hungry again would provide that . Favi , I could never repay such kindness . That 's not precisely true . IRISA : We 're not killing him . If you let him go , he 'll be back . He 's too dangerous ! I said , " No . " You 're putting everything at risk ! NOLAN : Oh , looks like you 're stuck , Sukar . The boss wants me alive . IRISA : Don 't push your luck . Aw , he 's afraid , kiddo . I can smell it on him . Sukar knows I always win in the end . You make him stop or I will . Hey , did you tell your cultist buddies about the time I stole that ark-tech out from under your nose , made you and your crew look like monkeys ? Probably too embarrassing . How did that stab wound heal up ? Tishinkaa . He 's trying to get under your skin . It 's working . Or what about the time I , uh , kicked your ass , shot you full of holes and then threw you out of the Gateway Arch ? ( LAUGHS ) Do you remember that ? The look on your face , it was priceless . " Tishinkaa ! " ( LAUGHS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) Sorry , Sukar . Sorry , the stink from your beard , it caught me by surprise . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) So you wanna punch me or what ? Hurt him . Don 't kill him . ( SPEAKING IRATHIENT ) I 'm going to make you suffer . I want to feel your bones break under my knuckles . You should write children 's books . Hey ! You guys gotta see this . Come on , now . NOLAN : All right . Come on , everybody . This is something you 're gonna wanna tell your kids about , seeing the ugliest Irathient on the planet crying like a little girl . ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) ( CROWD CLAMORING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( BONES CRACK ) ( GROANING IN PAIN ) ( SOFTLY ) Oh , shit . ( GROANING CONTINUES ) ( SCREAMS ) ( BONES CRACK ) ( NOLAN PANTING ) Gotta love the whole heal instantly thing . ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( PANTING ) ( CHOKING ) ( MOUTHING ) ( PANTING ) ( NOLAN GRUNTING ) ( POWERING UP ) ( RAPID BEEPING ) ( GROANS ) ( GROANS ) Tommy . Irisa . ( GRUNTS ) DEIRDRE : He was gonna marry me . I was gonna be his princess . ( MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING ) I 'm so sorry . How could he pick her ? ( CRYING ) I 'm on the radio , for Christ 's sake ! Do you really care about this guy ? I do . Then you have to fight . It won 't work . You don 't know him . I haven 't even told you his name . I don 't need to know his name . I know this world . Anything you have , anything worthwhile ... There is someone out there who will take it from you . So you have to fight , or you 're gonna end up with nothing . I had a guy . ( LAUGHS ) He was with my sister , so he was off-limits , but she kicked him aside . And I could have told him how I felt , but I didn 't . I didn 't fight . Don 't make the same mistake . You 're right . I won 't let anybody take him away from me . ALAK : I didn 't kill her . But I did treat her badly . She was hot and fun for a while . And then I got bored and I threw her away . Look , I wish she was alive so I could ... So I could tell her I 'm sorry . You and me both . Alak , for whatever it 's worth , we all do stupid things . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( COUGHING ) Can I help you with something ? I 'm here to confess to a murder . The murder of the girl on the radio . Treasure Doll . At the Arch . I loved her too much . Do you know her real name ? I didn 't want to . Real names spoil the magic . Do I look really stupid to you ? Maybe this will convince you . This is what I hit her with . I 've just gone to a great deal of trouble to free our son from the Lawkeeper 's jail . You 're a good mother . ( SCOFFS ) Is that sarcasm ? Well , if you have to ask , it probably is . So , Alak ... Did he do it ? I think we both know the answer to that . Do we ? I know you placed the microphone under his bed . What I don 't know is why . What microphone ? Are you seriously trying to tell me you did not kill Deirdre ? Well , actually , I assumed it was you . Then , who ... Oh . ( LAUGHING ) ALAK : Christie , I 'm home . ( SIGHS ) Christie ! ( SNIFFS ) Christie . This is poison . I know exactly what that is . Prostitutes use it to end unwanted pregnancies . A few splashes can trigger a miscarriage . What was it doing sitting in our room ? You 're not ... You 're not thinking of using it ? Treasure Doll invited me to the Arch this morning ... WOMAN : ( SINGING ON RADIO ) I am ... CHRISTIE : She knew I was upset about my father 's arrest . And so she made me breakfast . She said it was to cheer me up . Here , fresh-squeezed noomel juice . I pressed it this morning . ( LAUGHS ) What 's in this ? Did a seed get in there ? ( SNIFFING ) This is poison . It smells okay to me . I have a Castithan baby in my stomach . All my senses are sharper . Are you trying to kill me ? Not you . It . Alak loves me . But he won 't leave his pregnant wife . You 're lying . Not this time . You were never my friend . Encouraging me to dress up as a Casti , that was all a set-up . I don 't have a rich father . I didn 't marry into a rich family . Goodbye , Deirdre . If you want anything in this world , you have to fight for it ! ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( DEIRDRE SCREAMS ) Stay away from my family ! ( PANTING ) Alak , you 're a Castithan male . I know you have needs , but you must never again let them threaten our child . I promise . ( SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) Join me , my love . It is unseemly for a Castithan woman to bathe alone . TOMMY : How long you think we have ? No idea . Don 't worry about her . She 's gonna be okay . I admire your optimism , kid . That 's because I don 't accept the world is coming to an end . See , now you 're just getting annoying . Whatever , pick at me . I don 't care . ( SCOFFS ) I don 't treat you right , do I , Tommy ? This is not the time . Ah , you follow the rules , you obey the law , you do everything right , and here I am giving you a hard time , right , kid ? I 've noticed . I got a different relationship with the rules . They bug me . It 's hard to be a lawkeeper unless you follow the law . Yeah , well , my way , it gets results . Mind you , your way ... ( SIGHS ) It gets results too . You 're good for Irisa . You 're good for the town . If we get out of this thing in one piece , I 'd be honored to have you by my side again . What are you saying ? I 'm not saying anything . I 'm saying you 're a good man , and I respect you , is all . Don 't go making a big thing of it . Okay . Thank you . ( NOLAN GROANS ) ( GRUNTS ) You tricked me . I did . But when this is all over you 're gonna thank me . This is all over tomorrow . At sunfall , the Kaziri 's holy fire will reshape this planet into ... Paradise Look , I know you feel like yourself . It seems like you 're ... You 're making decisions on your own . You 're not really in control . The Kaziri 's controlling how you feel . Irisa , come back to me . I love you . ( SIGHS ) Tommy . ( SIGHS ) The Irisa you knew is gone . ( STABBING ) ( GROANS ) ( SIGHS ) ( GASPING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Do it . You have to kill him . No . Cut his throat . You can make me do anything else , but you can 't make me do that . We have a deal . ( TOMMY GROANS ) ( GASPS AND GROANS ) Tommy ! Tommy ? ( GASPING ) Tommy ! No ... Hey ... Hey . Put pressure on it . Hold on , okay ? ( GROANS ) I 'm not gonna let you die . WOMAN : ( SINGING ) I am doll eyes Doll mouth , doll legs I am doll arms Big veins , dog bait Yeah , they really want you They really want you They really do Yeah , they really want you They really want you And I do , too I wanna be the girl with the most cake I love him so much it just turns to hate I fake it so real I am beyond fake Someday you will ache like I ache Yeah , they really want you They really want you They really do Yeah , they really want you They really want you And I do , too I wanna be the girl with the most cake He only loves those things Because he loves to see them break I fake it so real I am beyond fake And someday you will ache like I ache Someday you will ache like I ache Someday you will ache like I ache Someday you will ache like I ache ( GRUNTING ) Someday you will ache like I ache Someday you will ache like I ache
