 COULSON : Previously on Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I. E.L. D ... HILL : We should 've seen HYDRA coming . But they don 't stand a chance . Ripped By mstoll COULSON : John Garrett does . If you 're gonna work within S.H.I. E.L.D. For HYDRA , you can 't get ever attached . I know that you care about us , Ward ! WARD : You 're right . I do . - Ward ! - WARD : It 's a weakness . SKYE : You 're still Mike Peterson . You have a son . - You and me , what are we ? - We 're a team . DEATHLOK : So is someone seeing everything you see ? Waiting to push a button and blow a hole in your skull if you disobey ? SKYE : Garrett doesn 't want GH-325 for his Centipede soldiers , he wants it for himself . - WARD : What are you feeling ? - The universe . COULSON : Skye left them a little surprise . SKYE : A Trojan horse . It 's been slowly mapping every system they 've uploaded it to . If there 's a computer system in that barber shop , we don 't have to chase them anymore . ZELLER : Sorry about the security red tape . You know , intellectual property . Blah blah blah ... You 'll get used to it . So basically , I 've been here since day one . Started with me on my computer in the basement , and now look what we 've grown into . We 've got 20 active systems , and we 're growing fast . I was gonna ask about the construction next door . Ah , yeah , we 're planning to add another 100 systems by the end of the month . That 's Sally . Hey , Sally . So , what , are you just really into this sort of thing ? Or ... What brings you to the company ? Um ... The Incentives Program . Yeah . No one 's turned that down yet . Anyway . So every operator is in charge of one unit . You will receive an email 24 hours before it goes online . Now , some are volunteers , but some are here - for the same reason that you 're here ... - WOMAN : Hey , Zeller . - We 're in position . - Okay . This is good for you to learn on your first day . What 's going on ? These guys ? We don 't like these guys . Yes , sir , we have them in sight . Copy that . Okay , people . Let them have it . COULSON : Could sure use a little light in here . TRIPLETT : Got it . So who do we talk to about getting a haircut ? ( GRUNTING ) If it isn 't The Cavalry . Don 't ever call me that . ( BEEPING ) Bring the house down . ( GRUNTING ) Time to go ! ( GRUNTING ) Aah ! Come on . Let 's go . ( GRUNTS ) ZELLER : Our men are still digging themselves out , but it looks like Coulson and the others got away . - Do you want to ... - Doesn 't matter . - Are you all right ? - What does it look like ? Never better , son . I need a nail . Get me a nail ! A big one . What the hell is he doing ? He 's flexing his new muscles . He has every ounce of our research coursing through his veins . He feels good . Because he took all of our miracle drug . When we land at Cybertek , military brass and investors are expecting a demonstration , and I promised them indestructible super-soldiers . Not disposable ones . With HYDRA in the mix , we won 't lack for volunteers . And if we run out , our Incentives Program should help fill the ranks . ( NAIL SCRATCHING ) Just getting some ideas down . ( CHUCKLES ) I can 't keep everything in my head . I gotta be honest with you , John . Looks like you 're kinda losing it . ( CHUCKLING ) I 'm alive for the first time , thanks to you . We took some hits along the way , but we did it . We did it ! Can 't believe it . This is everything we 've been working towards . Saving you . Our alliance with HYDRA was always a means to that end , right ? Symbiotic . And here we are . It 's not like we 're true believers , right ? Don 't get me wrong , I 'll go where you go . Having our soldiers in key positions is great , but then what ? Are we really planning a coup ? It 's more of an uprising . It 's become bigger than HYDRA . Ward , you 've taken good care of me . Gave me everything I wanted . It 's time for you to decide what it is you want . I 'll see that you get it , too , son . I can do anything now . SKYE : The Trojan horse worked . Gave us access to the system we wanted . Our secret weapon . We now have eyes on their operation , right in the palm of my hand . We 'll need more than eyes to defeat Garrett . What is it ? Fitz-Simmons ' tracker crossed the ocean . It 's in New Mexico . They managed to tag the plane ? It appears so . But they 're not answering . No . We can 't think about that right now . They may have been captured . Either way , they risked everything to put a tracker on that plane for us . Now we know exactly where Garrett is , and Skye can see what he 's doing . If Fitz and Simmons are still alive , then catching Garrett is our only shot at finding them . ( SIMMONS GROANS SOFTLY ) You looked very peaceful sleeping . Didn 't wanna wake you , but I 'm glad that you 're up . What 's happening ? ( SIGHS ) I 've spent the last hour trying to figure out why we sank . We 're at the bottom of the ocean , in case you missed that bit . These pods are built to be compatible with all S.H.I. E.L.D. Aircraft , submarine , spacecraft . On impact , the atmospheric adaptation must 've tried to compensate . We slowly sank as it increased the density of the outer walls . I measured the rate the water rose on the glass . Did the math . We 're at least 90 feet down . You can 't see the surface . ( SIGHS ) How did we survive the fall ? Plane must 've been in vertical flight mode , flying low . I managed to strap us to one of the backboards before we hit . And I broke my arm . Same two places I broke it in second grade . Which is strange . I thought we were dead for sure , Fitz . We 're so lucky ! Now we just need to figure a way out of here . We 'll find a way out of here , right ? Then we 'd be in the middle of the ocean with the bends , no flotation , and no one looking for us . I already spent an hour trying to rig the wireless signals on the EKG to send out a weak distress call before remembering that it 's a S.H.I. E.L.D. Frequency and no one 's listening . And that 's not the problem . The problem is that there aren 't many supplies left in here , so , I 've already done the math ... Enough with the math ! What are you saying ? There is no way out . We 're going to die down here . ( SNIFFLES ) We only get one shot at this , so let 's go over the plan one more time to make sure we 're clear on exactly what we 're doing , okay ? Trip and I will crest the ridge , use a noisemaker to grab a three-wheel , maybe something with more fireworks , and open a window for you two . You crawl in , grab the dealer , force his hand , he 'll get us our ace in the hole - and then Bob 's your uncle . - ( GUN COCKS ) - Roger that . - Makes it sound easy . Coulson , it 's a solid plan you 've mapped out , but it hinges on a gamble . A big one . And back-up isn 't coming . It 'll be just the four of us . We 'll be outmanned and outgunned . - ( GUN COCKS ) - But Fury always said a man can accomplish anything when he realizes he 's a part of something bigger . A team of people who share that conviction can change the world . So , what do you say ? You ready to change the world ? MAY : No . But I 'm ready to kick some ass . That works , too . I 'm saying , just talk to him . He says everything 's fine , but he 's not acting that way . I don 't know what 's going on with him , and I don 't like it . Captivating , isn 't it ? First time I saw it , it reminded me of a lava lamp . Of course , that was before I could see through it . Quinn 's expecting the Gravitonium as payment . When he 's done , I think it would be wise to let him have it . Don 't be coy . I know you have plans for this stuff . I understand it now . I can see its soul . I can see yours , too . Ward 's concerned you 're going mad . The drug didn 't just strengthen my body . It gave me clarity of mind . It gave me a vision of the world that 's waiting beneath the surface of this world . You don 't think that 's mad , do you ? You know exactly what I 'm talking about . You always have . ( CHUCKLES SOFTLY ) I have no allegiance to HYDRA , Centipede , Cybertek , you . - I was only ever interested in ... - Evolution . You know , we 're prehistoric creatures oozing out of the swamps , through the mist , clawing our way onto land , so we can finally stand . Or plant roots . - Or fly . - Exactly . I was saddened to learn you weren 't clairvoyant . I had a question I didn 't get to ask , but now ... Now , the truth is written on the back of my eyes . So , go ahead , Flowers . Ask . What will I become ? Are you scared ? Yeah . And I 'm hungry , too . Me , too . Scared , not hungry . - What do you think it 's like ? - Death ? Depends on the method , really . Drowning 's supposed to be quite pleasant in the end , but apparently , once the water fills up your lungs ... I mean , after . Oh , yeah , well ... My mum always said that you shouldn 't be afraid , because it 's just like the way life was before you were born . - Which wasn 't that bad , was it ? - That 's sweet . Though , apparently , I was miserable before I was born . Upside down , umbilical cord all wrapped around my head . - Well , she meant pre-conception . - I know , I 'm joking . Yeah , I know that you 're joking . That 's fine . I like to think about the first law of thermodynamics . That no energy in the universe is created . - And none is destroyed . - None is destroyed . That means every bit of energy inside us , every particle ( BREATHES DEEPLY ) Will go on to be a part of something else . Maybe live as a dragonfish . A microbe . Maybe burn in a supernova 10 billion years from now . And every part of us now was once a part of some other thing . A moon , a storm cloud , a mammoth ... A monkey . A monkey . Thousands and thousands of other beautiful things that were just as terrified to die as we are . We gave them new life . A good one , I hope . It 's fitting we 're down here together , Fitz . This is where all life began . On our planet , anyway . Just outside that glass ... Jemma ... FITZ : What ? The glass . Fitz , the glass . Yeah , it 's bulletproof , pressure resistant ... But the seal is four-Hydroxy - four-methyl-two-pentanone . Yeah , I know what you 're thinking , but the flash point is too high for it to burn . But medical ethanol has a low flash point - and it burns ... - Hotter . We could use the defibrillator as an ignition source . And build a compressed explosive . To ignite the seal , and the outside pressure will - blow the window in ! - Blow the window in ! - Yes , yes , yes ! This really hurts my arm . - ( LAUGHING ) Okay . Well , now we know that , there 's a whole new set of problems , but where do we start ? QUINN : And , finally , welcome to our Cybernetics subsection . Where we design , manufacture , and , with this , install our most advanced system . Ladies and gentlemen , this prototype can replace the severed limb of a soldier in minutes . With one 10 times stronger . Fully networked to the soldier 's biometrics and to his optical targeting system . If you want me to open up Uncle Sam 's checkbook , I 'm gonna need specifics . Specifics . Specifically , I 'd like to build dozens of these machines . Increase the scale of our surgery wing . Crank out 100 soldiers a day . - To join our Special Ops units . - No . To replace them . Navy Seals . Secret Service . No , gentlemen , we know the world 's a dangerous place now . What we 're offering you is security . COULSON : All right . What do we want ? There 's a three-wheel over there . TRIPLETT : Here comes a Humvee that has better fireworks . COULSON : Hold on . Now that 's what I 'm talking about . You bring a noisemaker ? Sir , I bring the noise and the funk wherever I go . ( GEARS WHIRRING ) RECORDED MALE VOICE : Hey-ho , friends ! The enemy approaches ! Careful now , or they 'll win the day ! Move it . Over there ! Hey ! ( GRUNTING ) ( BEEPS ) ( MEN SCREAMING ) You know where to put this next one . Nice work , guys . The window 's open . - Relax . Practice drills . - ( ALARM BLARING ) The compound 's secure . You have nothing to worry about . Tell us what the hell is going on out there , or you can kiss a government contract goodbye . Gentlemen , please , I beg you ... Don 't beg them , Quinn . You 're not a Rottweiler . We don 't need their scraps . Who the hell is this ? This is our strategy consultant , John Garrett . I want full disclosure right now , or our boys will come in and shut you down . Why do I hear gunfire ? It 's the dying breath of an old world , General . But a new world is coming . I 've tasted it on my tongue . This is your strategy consultant ? He 's part-time . New strategy . You shut your mouth and give us everything we want . You threaten a United States General and there are consequences . Oh , you feel powerful now , don 't you ? But you 're all just slaves who will serve our future . Listen , you crazy son of a bitch ... Gentlemen , perhaps a small demonstration will ... Yes . Oh , yes , a demonstration . ( GRUNTING ) I 've seen the future . I 've glimpsed it through the eyes of every creature , dead , living , or yet to be . This is the beginning . ( GRUNTING ) The beginning of what , John ? - The end . - ( GRUNTS ) You 're not going anywhere . You think you can steal the Gravitonium ? It was given to us . What the hell did you say to Garrett ? I listened . He 's psychotic . Did you notice that ? I just had to lock up six government officials because he butchered the seventh one . He completely lost it in there . You 're wrong . Garrett 's not lost . Far from it . He 's connected now . Don 't tell me you 're following him into this madness ? His talk of evolution ? I agree with him . You 're the one who follows him . But in this case , you should . For the first time , you both need the same thing , and so do I. What are you talking about ? I need him to get his head on straight . Skye . We need Skye . And that 's all you ever wanted , isn 't it ? The evolution he speaks of ? She 'll be an important part of that . - So go get her , Grant Ward . - Get her for what ? The world is going to change . And when it does , she could be yours . Oh , you really are crazy . Skye detests me . She thinks I 'm a monster . Are you ? Is that your true nature ? Or is that what Garrett made you to be ? I don 't know . Well , we know about Skye 's parents . About the darkness that lies inside her . I believe in a world where her true nature will reveal itself . And when that day comes , maybe you two could be monsters together . ( TIRES SCREECH ) COULSON : More on our six . Here they come . These windows can 't take many more hits like this , sir . Let 's hope they don 't have to . Coulson , we found the dealer . This is a bomb . You know what those do . And you 've seen Agent May here through the eyes of your super-soldiers . So , you know what she does . You don 't wanna mess with us , is my point . You 're not gonna be able to hijack our soldiers . We 've thought through every emergency scenario . Including this one . Don 't tell me you just switched the soldiers to default directive ? Yeah . I did . And how did you know about that ? - Time for the guns ? - Time for the guns . COULSON : Stay . Stay . Good boy . They 're off to defend Garrett . And lead me right to him . Now that we 're inside , go contact Armed Forces . And make some noise on the way out . Trip . If the rest of us don 't make it , I still want this place to burn . - I prefer you make it , sir . - Me , too . The compound 's been hit . Raina and Quinn took off . We need to take action now . What are my orders ? That 's up to you , son . Wake up ! Come back to reality , John . What do you need me to do ? You 've already done it . ( CELLPHONE RINGING ) It 's your handler . Probably to tell me what the soldiers are seeing . - Yeah ? - Hi , John . Just calling to catch up . Skye . You sound different on the phone . Huskier . You curious why I 'm calling from your soldier control center ? No , I 'm not too concerned . You see , if anyone but the assigned handler gives a directive to one of my men , well ... Kaboom . Ah , darn it . Coulson didn 't think of that . You outsmarted us again . Phil 's around ? Great . We actually have a lot to talk about . Oh , and I wanted you to know , your scientist friends ? They were brave until their last breath . ( THROWS PHONE ) Raina told me how special Skye is . I know you 've seen that from the start . You want orders ? Get her . Thank you . He 's always been a tender heart . You don 't need to be set to default . You haven 't left me alone all day . I was told to never leave your side , sir . I love you , too . All right , we need to hurry . We have to do this soon . - There has to be enough ... - Oxygen to ignite , yes . Yeah . Good . Okay . ( BREATHING DEEPLY ) When I press that power button ... The window will blow in , and water will rush in at once . Yeah , which is gonna be like 100 punches to the stomach , okay ? The wind 's gonna be knocked right out of us . This is near empty , but I 've rigged it to let out a burst of very high pressure . It should force a breath into your lungs , but you have to hold on to it , okay ? Hold on tight . Should be enough to get you up the 90 feet or so . One breath ? But there 's two of us . Yeah , I 've done the math . That 's why you 're taking it . You 're a better swimmer anyway . - No . - Jemma ... No , I 'm not leaving you here . That 's ridiculous . We need a new plan . We 're not discussing it , okay ? You 're taking it . End of story . I couldn 't live if you didn 't . I feel the same way . There has to be another way . You 're taking it . Why would you make me do this ? You 're my best friend in the world ! Yeah , and you 're more than that , Jemma . ( SIGHS ) I couldn 't find the courage to tell you . So please . Let me show you . ( SNIFFLING ) ( CRYING ) - It 's okay . - No . No . Jemma , Jemma , we have to hurry . - No ! No ! - ( SIGHS ) - Take it , Jemma . Take it . - No ! No ! ( FITZ SIGHS ) No ! ( GASPING ) Help ! You 're in decompression . On a jet back to the mainland . They told us you were dead . Good . We want word to get around on that . - Fitz . - Easy . Easy . His heart 's still beating . Just barely . I have a full med team with him . But you have to remain in this chamber , okay ? His brain was without oxygen for a long time . But you saved him . It was the other way around . How did you find us ? That makeshift beacon of yours . Good thinking . Led us right to you . Lucky we were looking . - You were looking ? - For my man , Coulson . I understand you were involved in a dispute I might wanna weigh in on . You have anything that might lead me to him ? Looks like the back entrance to the factory floor is on the south side . COULSON : Roger that . I have to hit snooze on this every minute to keep that from blowing . I will die before talking . But there 's nothing to tell . There 's no way of controlling the soldiers unless there 's an actual handler at the machine . I 'm not interested in that . I 'm more interested in why you 're willing to die for HYDRA . Are you a true believer ? Is HYDRA the plucky little family you never had ? Or are you here because of the Incentives Program ? WARD : She 's not gonna kill you . She had a chance to kill me before and couldn 't do it . And she hates me . A lot . I feel sorry for you . Betraying the only people who gave you a chance at being a decent human being . Fitz was a hero because he still wanted to give you that chance , after everything . But some people are just born evil , I guess . Yeah . Yeah , maybe they are . I 've learned things about you , Skye . History . Things you 'll wanna know . You and I aren 't that different . ( CHUCKLES ) You 're not the evil I was referring to . Garrett is evil , you 're just weak . Doing anything you 're told . I hope Garrett orders you to walk into traffic . You 're right , Skye . You woke up a weakness inside me . For the first time in a while , I wanted something for myself . Maybe I 'll just take what I want . Wake up something inside of you . I 'm not afraid of you , Ward . You 're not gonna kill us with the bomb . You 'd go , too . No . I have a weapon much better than a bomb that will absolutely destroy you . Why 's that ? Because you slept with her and she 's really pissed off . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Let 's talk about Incentives . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( SAW BLADE WHIRRING ) Now , you said our thing was no strings attached . Looks to me like the ice queen got her feelings hurt . RECORDED MALE VOICE : Hey-ho , friends ! The enemy approaches ! - Careful now , or they 'll win the day . - Check the perimeter . COULSON : Hi , John . Hi , Phil . Well , that 's new . Sir ? You don 't have to call me " sir , " Coulson . Look at me . I 'm dressed like I live under a bridge . What are you doing here ? Simmons turned me on to that old-timey tracker Fitz left on your bus . ( GUNSHOTS ) I went to great pains to make sure you didn 't die the first time . Well , now 's probably not the best time , but I 'd like to have a lengthy conversation with you about that . - ( GUNSHOTS CONTINUE ) - It might get loud . And I owe you that , but right now , we owe Garrett a punch in the teeth . Wouldn 't you say ? This packs a pretty good punch . - ( PULSES ) - I know what it does . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) - Reminds me of the old days . - You were never on top . SKYE : We 're running out of time . Tell the man what they have on you . Fury . Well , hell . When was the last time anyone saw a tag-team wrestling match with four dead guys ? I only see one dead guy in here . Oh , the power is all on this side of the room , fellas . Phil , I 'm surprised you 'd try and stop me . Of course , I don 't blame you , Nick . You haven 't seen the big picture , the big bang . The timeless frozen ocean . But Phil here has . We share a bond . We 're blood brothers . You didn 't tell me he 'd gone this crazy . He 's really stepped it up a notch . ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( GRUNTING ) ( WARD SCREAMING ) Wait , May . I think I 've waited long enough for this . Kyle ? Oh , baby ! I 'm so sorry what they did to you . What are you looking for ? Our Ace in the hole . You remember that speech you used to give us , Nick ? About how one man can accomplish anything once he realizes he can be something bigger ? Well , now I am . A part . A part of something bigger . Is that how it went ? Not a great listener . If you tell me this whole HYDRA path thing you took is because you misheard my damn one-man speech ... I am the key to the future of the universe . I 'm the origin of all things ... - You got it , right ? - Totally . Loud and clear . ( WHIRS ) Just one second . Come on . Please . I just ... Aw , man . Here . Okay , Ace . I need you to give me a message , okay ? Something your father would know could only come from you . I need to prove I have you . It won 't matter . I 've already told you , there 's no way to communicate with Deathlok from in here . I don 't need to . I 've been communicating with him the whole time . Fury was teaching us something you didn 't wanna hear , John . Because you only think about yourself . That 's the difference between your side and our side . And why we 're always gonna win . What lesson , Phil ? Please , enlighten me . ( GRUNTS ) You can 't do this , Mike . I order you to stand down . You must obey me . You need me to translate the words of creation . You don 't wanna do this , Mike . Tell him , Phil ! Mr. Peterson 's free to do whatever he wants . ( SHOUTS ) Think he learned his lesson ? He learned something . COULSON : Without regular injections , they 're just men . Once doctors remove their cybernetic eyes , they 'll be essentially back to normal . TRIPLETT : Minus an eye , of course . You got a chance to express all your feelings ? Is he still breathing ? I guess she kept some of it to herself . He 's having trouble speaking . I think I fractured his larynx . Oh , good . Your attempt to cross off Fitz and Simmons failed . But Fitz may never be the same again . So , I 'm gonna invent new ways to ruin the rest of your life . And we 'll do whatever 's necessary to get HYDRA intel from you , but your torture ? That 's gonna be internal . - And a little bit external . - Sure , some of that . But you devoted your entire life to a deranged narcissist who never gave a damn about anyone , and now he 's dead . And you 've got the rest of your life to wrestle with the question , " Who are you without him ? " Why don 't you go to him ? I don 't want him to see what I 've become . He won 't care about your burns . That 's not what I mean . Coulson said to bring you in . You can access my hardware and watch my every move . Go ahead . I 'll only be making amends for my actions . Whatever you did , you did it for Ace . And what I do now , that 'll be for him , too . ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMING ) There 's a reason why they say , " Cut off the head . " Now , I 'll be unstop ... Hey , guys ! I found it ! I told you it would be in here . COULSON : Stupid ! Stupid ! Stupid ! And cruel . And very stupid . I think you 've made your point . Why bring me back in the first place ? Clearly , I didn 't think it was the best idea . I warned you about people losing their minds . Agent May was on top of the situation . She says you 're fine . Aren 't you ? It was a " break glass in case of emergency " situation . Yes , but that emergency was supposed to be the fall of an Avenger . Exactly . And I 'm damn glad I did it , too . When you wanna build something , you need a strong foundation . Now , you know how few people I trust , Coulson . You can count them on one hand . And I 'm not afraid to cut off fingers . The principle S.H.I. E.L.D. Was founded upon was pure . Protection . " Protection . " One word . Sometimes to protect one man against himself . Other times to protect the planet against an alien invasion from another universe . - It 's a broad job description . - No need to tell me . But the belief that drives us all is the same , whether it 's one man or all mankind . That they 're worth saving . That truth lives inside you , Coulson . Before it was torn apart , S.H.I. E.L.D. Was a lot of moving parts . But guys like you were the heart . Now ... You 'll be the head . What is it ? A toolbox . To help you build it back up . You want me to start over ? Rebuild S.H.I. E.L. D ? From scratch . Take your time . And do it right . You 'll still have his back ? Of course . There 's no one else I trust with this . Thank you , sir . How do you ... How should I proceed ? That 's up to you , Director . And you , sir ? Where are you heading now ? I 'm trading in my bird 's-eye view for two solid feet on the ground . This is the last time you 'll be seeing me for a stretch . You 're gonna disappear . Nowhere to be found . Nowhere ? ( CHUCKLES ) You know me better than that , Phil . I 'll be everywhere . ( WHIRRING ) Fitz ? Is he okay ? Please tell me he 's okay . He 's alive . What is this place ? First thing I found in that box was these coordinates . Another secret base ? I call it the Playground . Although , technically , it doesn 't have a name because , technically , it doesn 't exist . It being a secret base and all . Eric ? Billy Koenig , Agent of S.H.I. E.L.D. Although I totally understand the confusion . Eric passed away , sadly . But it 's great to have company , finally . And I did not mind minding this place . Agent Coulson . I know , I know . And it is an honor to meet you , sir . I 'll get your lanyard shortly . For the rest of you , lanyards will be handed out on a case-by-case basis . Can 't be too careful with all those HYDRA threats still out there causing trouble . That 's why we 're here . Get you up and running , and back fighting the good fight , which is gonna be cool . I know we don 't have much , but what we have is yours , sir . Thank you . So ... Where would you like to start ? ( DOOR HINGES CREAKING ) I know you thought you 'd never see me again , Ripped By mstoll but I found your daughter .
