 Five years since the terrorist attack in Mumbai , and there are many other disasters . A grim reminder of what happened at the Taj on November 26th . ... Still searching the second floor of the Taj . Amelia , where are you ? ... Shot people needlessly in cold blood . ... The 12 coordinated attacks killed 166 victims from 10 countries . I 'm just rubbing my eyes here . In just a few minutes , this whole building has caught fire . 10 dead ! Hey , mom . Hey , dad . We miss you . She 's mine now , dad . How could you ? Can you explain why you were trespassing on government property ? At 18 : 00 hours , we were alerted to a level-one Sigint breach on a highly-protected military geosync satellite . We sourced the signal to you , yet we found no communication equipment on your person , let alone something with the processing power to break through a helio-encrypted firewall . Can you explain that ? You know , she doesn 't like the attention you give her . What are you talking about ? That woman who brought you coffee . She 's married , and you make her uncomfortable . In fact , she 's afraid of you . Why is that , Badri ? I haven 't told you our names . Did you just do that ? Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry Albert , when I was at NASA in ' 81 , we sent the space shuttle into orbit . A cellphone today has a thousand times more processing power than we put in that spacecraft . Technology is not revolutionary . It 's evolutionary . That 's pretty good . I like that . Oh , boy . Looks like our raccoons are back . All right , I think I 'll keep you inside . Please , take whatever you want . Identification , please . Pete , I don 't work for Langley . You want me to move assets on that kind of intel , it 'll have to come directly from 1600 . Agent Neal 's here . Thank you , everyone . That 'll be all . Riley . Lillian Strand . Ms. Strand . Pleasure to meet you . We met once before , didn 't we ? Yes . On air force one . I didn 't think you 'd remember . Riley , you have been vetted for months for a job you neither applied for , nor are even aware of . We narrowed the list of candidates to six . And in the end , you 're the only one I brought here . Ma 'am , I 'm flattered , but I already have a job . Take a walk with me . What do you know about Cybercom ? You 're responsible for deepnet salvage , cryptanalysis , cyber defense , data mining ... and a program called " Clockwork . " In 1939 , the Nazis began developing a doomsday weapon . The U.S. response was an unprecedented mobilization of resources called the Manhattan Project , resulting in the most devastating weapon ever built . Now we face new and even more insidious threats . Clockwork is this generation 's Manhattan Project . It 's been active for six months and has enjoyed a 100 % success rate , included in that success is the thwarting of the Super Bowl bomber . I thought that was C.I.A. ? You haven 't been cleared to think anything different ... until now . Last year , " 60 Minutes " aired a story about a quadriplegic who could operate a robotic arm with her mind . The microchip that made that possible was created right here . While other agencies have been busy trying to make artificial intelligence more human , we gave a human the kind of power that had previously only been found in a machine . We created a man who 's the first of his kind ... an advanced intelligence agent . We 're almost done . We haven 't found any residual virus . What kind of virus ? Stuxnet ... the world 's first weaponized cyber worm . The computer virus ? Boo-yah . Of course , the only way to plant it in an isolated , bunkerized system in the middle of the Himalayas was for Gabriel to carry it in himself , which is why we 're making sure none of the code burrowed in . Burrowed into what ? Is he under anesthesia ? I wish . Gabriel , you 're done . Finally . Riley , you 've changed your hair color . I don 't believe we 've met . Wow , that photo you e-mailed your boyfriend in college ... got to be careful what you send out there in the world . It 's called digital permanence . Right , Amos ? Don 't worry , he can 't print . By the way , I 'm Amos Pembroke , Gabriel 's pri-tech . Primary technician . Nobody around here uses more syllables than they have to . You 'll fit right in . What 's that supposed to mean ? 1060 on your S.A.T.s ? Come on . I was a bad test taker . And who the hell do you think you are ? Whoa , a sealed juvenile record . What 's that about ? Gabriel , don 't open that file . Fine . What 's in it ? Shoplifting ? Tell me , how 's the daughter of a surgeon and chemist become a secret service agent ? Youngest woman ever appointed to presidential detail ... now , that 's the beginning of a storied career . But now what ? Following around a charming devil with a microchip in his brain ? Impressive . Almost every word of that was accurate . Almost ? Which word I get wrong ? " Charming . " Whatever the job is , I think you should find someone else . Bye . Nice try . But you 're not gonna scare this one off . Riley . That guy is your advanced intelligence agent ? That guy was delta force , tier one . Five tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . He 's a hero . He 's also reckless , unpredictable , and insubordinate . And you put a computer in his head . We connected a human being directly to the information grid ... Internet , wi-fi , telephone , satellite . I 'm a secret service agent . What could you possibly want me for ? This is the most valuable piece of technology this country has ever created . I want you to protect it for us . You can 't be serious . You think protecting the president is more important than this ? Respectfully , ma 'am , it is more important . Funny . He didn 't think so . Didn 't work with the last one . It won 't work now . I don 't need a babysitter . No ? What about your Himalayan adventure ? I sent you there to plant a virus , not to look for Amelia . As painful as it is to say , your wife took part in an attack she was sent to prevent , and she died in the same attack . The Indian D.I.A. files make no mention of her death . But they did identify her as one of the attackers . That doesn 't mean she turned . The C.I.A. had her deep black for two years . For all we know , she 's still dark . A lot of bodies were incinerated in that fire in Mumbai , and she never reported in or showed up on the grid again . - And that 's your evidence ? If I go to bed at night and there 's no snow on the ground and in the morning I 'm shoveling , it snowed . Great . Gabriel , it 's been five years . I 'm not gonna let you bang and burn your own agency in pursuit of this fairy tale that you 're clinging to . Whatever became of Amelia , she 's gone . I 'm sorry , but it 's time to move on . Move on ? You ever cared for anyone in your life , Lillian ? Careful . So , that girl 's supposed to keep me in line ? Let me tell you something about that girl . She was attacked in a restroom last year while protecting the president 's children . Stabbed multiple times . She incapacitated all four men and still managed to get those girls home for dinner . Yes ? The deputy director of National Intelligence is here . Is this on the calendar ? No , ma 'am . Well , send him in . Lillian . Carl . Sorry for the surprise . I know we don 't usually do this in person , but this one 's special . What do we have ? Kidnapping ... high value . And he 's one of yours . Dr. Shen Cassidy . Eyes up front . What you are about to see is a kidnapping . Victim is priority red . It 's hard to make him out in the video , but that 's Dr. Shenendoah Cassidy . As most of you know , until his retirement this year , Dr. Cassidy was not only our top neuroscientist , he was the leading member of the Clockwork team . Where 's this video from ? An E.P.A. camera-trap intended to monitor the Chesapeake dwarf bat . Has it been scrubbed ? Working on it . No facial rec yet . What about the van 's plates ? Looks like we may be able to dig out a partial . Amos , I want you to go out there with them , make sure his computers aren 't compromised . Will do , but I 'm not concerned . I created the encryption protocol . 20-40 bit . Impregnable . Unless they torture him for the password . If they do gain access , they could learn about Gabriel . He could be a target already . Well , it 's good thing we have Riley here to protect me . Listen up . This isn 't like any kidnapping we 've handled before . The clock always ticks on the victim . This time , it ticks on us , too . Get to work . So , what 's in that sealed file of yours ? I 'm surprised you didn 't read it already . What am I , an animal ? Was it drugs ? You robbed a liquor store . Come on . I thought this was the part where we share and bond . Seems like the part where I find out how much of a pain in the ass you are . What is it ? The kidnappers are Chinese . How could you possibly know that ? There you are . Cassidy 's pocket recorder . I caught it when we walked up . Bluetooth . Oh , boy . Looks like our raccoons are back . All right , I think I 'll keep you inside . There 's your Chinese . Translation ? " Bring the box . " " Bring the box " ? Where did you learn mandarin ? I didn 't . I got an app for that . You need an upgrade . " Xiang ze " means " box , " yes , but " bao shen xiang ze " means " safe . " " Bring the safe . " Gabriel . I 'm so glad you 're here . Now I know we 're gonna find him . What was in the safe ? I don 't know . Nothing . Just dad 's laptop . The computer was in the safe ? Yeah . He was real paranoid about his memoirs . He 's been dictating them for months . He said it was easier to talk to a cat , so I made the recorder voice-activated , even had it auto-upload to his laptop . That 's why it was sending out the signal Gabriel picked up . It was trying to log in . Is there anything compromising in those memoirs ? No . No way . We know the rules about black intel . Plus , you guys took back all the classified material when we left Cybercom . Can I ask a question ? No . I 'll ask it . If there was nothing compromising on the computer and it was encrypted , why did it have to be in a safe ? So , either there 's something else on that computer ... Or the computer 's not the only thing in that safe . What would your government do to you if they learned you made a second chip ? Nothing . Because it doesn 't work . I hope that 's not true , doctor . You will find this operating room has been outfitted with everything you will need . Everything I 'll need ? Everything I 'll need for what ? I couldn 't do this even if I wanted to . I cannot see without my glasses . Actually ... I believe you wear these for this operation . You think I 'm going to implant an untested , possibly defective chip in a live human ? No . Okay , I-I don 't know why I lied . Okay , I-I was ... I was scared . Gabriel , I should have told you . He made another chip ? Why ? Well , did you really think his brain would just stop working ? He 's always perfecting . You know that . Look , we were gonna give it to Cybercom . Nelson , tell us about the Chinese . Chinese ? What Chinese ? The men who took your father . What ? ! Wait ... what ... You guys think I had something to do with this ? ! Did the deal go bad ? No , no , no ! No ! Guys , come on ! What are you talking about ? ! I would never ! Amos ? Just tell them the truth , bro . Guys . Do we have an asset across the lake ? Southwest tree line . This is a live image from a Chinese m99 sniper rifle . As you can see , both of your sons have joined us this morning ... the biological one and your precious Pinocchio . Don 't worry . I 'm not a monster . I will only kill one today . No , please . I 'm getting something . They 're broadcasting a signal . Sniper ! Down ! Please , I will do whatever you want . But you have got to understand why this can 't work . How do I explain this ? We are coaxing neurotransmitters to create a sixth sense . To do that , we discovered the candidate had to possess an extremely rare genetic mutation . It 's called Athens-4u7r . Do you understand ? Gabriel was a gift . This is Mei Chen . She possesses the gene mutation , Athens-4u7r . Look , you 're wasting time . My father 's still out there somewhere . Have you all lost your mind ? ! Since when does Lillian run an interrogation ? That chip is vital to national security . Since it got personal . There 's no digital signpost he 's involved . No e-mails , voicemails , nothing . He runs his father 's lab ... that means he knows exactly how to avoid those traps , right ? I like the new girl . She 's not the new girl . In fact , there 's a coffee room down the hall . I 'm pretty sure I 'm safe here . These are my people . Wasn 't Nelson one of your people ? He was gonna give it to you . He was just gonna hand it over to us , just like that ? Well , loyalty doesn 't always go both ways . Oh , you think I was disloyal ? You could have kept him on . He did his job , you did yours , and we are grateful for that . But the project entered the deployment phase . He had more to give . Now , the new chip hasn 't been tested , but Moore 's Law dictates it will be significantly faster and more robust than the original . And you 've just given that to a foreign government . Why would I put my own father in danger ? ! To get back at him . For what ? For Gabriel . Who could blame you ? The way your father doted over him as if Gabriel were his own son . This is insane . We scrubbed the video , and we got a partial plate . Maryland ... " H-B . " Doesn 't match any white vans in the database , though . What if the plates were lifted from another car ? I 'm in the D.M.V. database now . A blue ' 88 Chevy Caprice parked on the 2300 block of Castor Road reported stolen plates that begin with " H-B . " That is a great party trick . How many white Chevy vans are in a 30-mile radius of that Caprice ? 27 . Ours is a ' 98 Chevy Astro . That narrows it to two vans . One was towed for unpaid parking tickets six weeks ago and still sits in the impound lot . The other is registered to a business called " Bullseye Paintball . " The video revealed paint splatters on one side of the van . Guess where Bullseye Paintball is ? Chinatown . This place is huge . Yeah . We 're getting a satellite feed . Infrared will get us a head count and any basement where they might be hiding him . How long till the satellite 's in position ? Amos says 15 minutes . Let 's take a look around . We should wait for the tac team . You ever been held captive ? 15 minutes can seem like a lifetime . Say it . You were right . Auto theft ? Your sealed file . Those are Cassidy 's . Hey ! You 're trespassing ! Hello , Huang Fu . Federal agents ! Hands in the air ! Gun ! Aah ! You took a bullet for me ? What the hell are you doing ? My job . Aah . Gabriel , talk to me . Riley 's been hit ! Repeat , Riley 's been hit ! Tac team is five minutes out . Gonzo and Jameson are trying to reach your location . No time . Can 't stay here . Everybody out , now ! Go , go , go ! Go ! I need that satellite ! Amos , where 's that bird ? Moving five tons of metal through space isn 't like ordering a pizza . Now would be good , Amos . Gabriel , satellite in five , four , three , two ... I 've got satellite infrared . Let 's go ! Got any cash on you ? The Romans said it 's bad luck not to give something to the person that saved your life . I 've heard that . I think a 20 should about cover it . You think I 'm paying you ? I saved your life . I 'm bleeding . It 's just a flesh wound . Don 't be dramatic . Hey , no sign of Cassidy . He 's not here . You 'll never guess who that clown 's cousin is . Jin Cong . Are you serious ? Who the hell is Jin Cong ? Chinese intelligence . Why hasn 't this worked ? Why is she not awake , doctor ? I warned you that this could happen . This poor girl could wake up in weeks , months , or never . We 're meddling with things that we 're only beginning to understand . Have you ever seen a Chinese M99 sniper rifle ? This is the finest-made weapon in the world ... pinpoint accuracy . What are you planning on doing with that thing ? Did you sabotage us , doctor ? No ! Like I said , she could still wake up . You need to give her more time . You will replace this chip with the one that works . You don 't have that chip . I will shortly . What am I doing in a safe house ? I 'm pulling you out . You 're what ? ! In the last 24 hours , you almost got yourself killed twice . That 's the job . The F-35 's the most expensive airplane ever built . The first thing they did was throw it in a war zone . This thing in my head may be valuable , but you don 't want it sitting in a hangar . I also don 't want it getting lost in some dangle-op gone wrong . Touching . Do you have any idea what would happen if this chip ends up in the wrong hands ? Today , China ... tomorrow , the Russians . Korea , Iran ... I know the stakes . Then why can 't you stay on-problem ? I am on-problem ! You had no business going into that place before the tac team arrived . When it 's personal , you think it gives you the license ... This is more than personal . Cassidy 's like a father to me , and Amelia 's my wife . You just made my point . Look ... you got us to Jin Cong . I 'll take it from here . All right . How are you feeling ? What 's the real on Gabriel 's wife ? Excuse me ? You want me to take bullets for him , then I need to know where he 's gonna be unpredictable . The real is that Amelia Hayes was an enemy of the United States . She was deep cover with the Lashkar , and she turned . End of story . If that 's true , why would you violate all established protocol by entrusting the man who loves her with the most powerful intelligence weapon on earth ? You don 't believe she was a traitor , do you ? I bet you don 't even believe she 's dead . Let me be very clear with you . We 've spent billions of dollars creating something that every nation on earth would go to war to possess . You 're not here to question me . You 're here to keep it safe . Him . Not it . He 's a human being . She 's his wife . He 's not gonna let this go , nor should he . Gabriel ... what are you doing ? How 's your shoulder ? Are you gonna tell me what 's going on ? I 'm cyber-rendering . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . But it 's more than that . It 's ... it 's like a virtual evidence wall . You 're doing this right now ? All the intel I have access to , I can see it . The chip processes it like a computer , but my brain metabolizes it like ... well , like a brain . What do you see ? Cassidy 's staring into the van . And ? There 's something about his face . It 's not fear . It 's ... recognition . You said you could only access available intel . We couldn 't really see Cassidy in the surveillance video , so how are you seeing his face ? Well , remember , the render is generated by me ... part fact , part imagination . So you 're extrapolating ? I think of it like a dream , analyze it like a dream . My subconscious wants to tell me that ... Cassidy knew his kidnapper . Nelson . No one else knew what Cassidy was working on . That 's what I thought , but ... the plans for that chip were on Cassidy 's computer , and Nelson 's not the only one that had access to it . Amos wrote the encryption code . 20-40 bit . Impregnable . Get your gear . We 're leaving . Hey , guys . I wanted to see how Riley was doing . Son of a bitch , I 'm taking you in . You 're not taking me anywhere , Gabriel . I 'm the one taking you . I have a surveillance video from one of our safe houses that shows two of our assets being taken by Chinese gunmen . I hear , too , one of your own was involved . There are very few secrets left , Lillian . We must get used to that . We were not involved in this incident . We 've sourced this to one of your operatives ... Jin Cong . Jin Cong is fouren . You expect me to believe that Jin Cong , one of your highest-ranking officers , has been disavowed ? Jin Cong rejects the reforms in my country . He would take us back to a time when you and I could not enjoy such a pleasant view . I think you know where Cong is . My father once told me that there are three types of currency in this business . You can trade in secrets , you can trade in lies , or you can trade in favors . And why would I do such a favor ? Because it 's good business . Do you know how many hours I 've spent with Amos sitting in that lab , all those tests , software updates , diagnostics ? You get pretty close to someone , think you know him . I better take a look at that . Just the wound ... don 't get excited . Well , the stitches are holding , but it doesn 't look great . Manslaughter . I wasn 't convicted , but everyone agreed to seal the file . It wasn 't hard to convince them . My parents split when I was 10 . My mother ... started dating a new guy soon after . She wasn 't very discriminating . And for the next five years , I didn 't do anything to protect us from him . Then one day , I ... I did . And you 've been protecting people ever since . You know I wasn 't just hired to protect you . Yeah , I know . You 're supposed to keep me from looking for Amelia . Yeah . Well , hell with that . Where are you taking him ? Gabriel . Oh , my boy , they told me you were dead . Glad to see you 're still ticking , too , doc . Doctor , you know what you must do now . Refuse , and I will dig the chip out of his dead skull myself . You call this a sterile field ? I don 't think they 're worried about infection . All right , be careful . You don 't have to hurt him . I 'm gonna be giving you some midazolam . It will relax you before the anesthesia . I 'm so sorry , Gabe . I ... I don 't see another option . What did you give him ? What 's happening ? ! He 's in cardiogenic shock ! Gabe ? ! Gabe , can you hear me ? Here , hold him down . Hold him down ! What 's happening ? I demand to know what is happening . - Let 's go ! Let 's go ! I don 't know . I don 't know what this idiot gave him ! I need naloxone ! Naloxone ! Get me naloxone ! Go ! You all right , doc ? Let 's get the hell out of here . I brought you some water . Not interested . Look , I 'm the only reason they haven 't killed you yet . Do you have any idea how much money Cong has ? We don 't have to be enemies , Riley . We could be friends . Good night , Amos . Would this help ? Come on . Gabriel , I have your friend . I 'm willing to make a trade . I imagine you can find us quite easily . Got him . I 'm going with you . I 'm tougher than I look . You look pretty tough to me , doc , but you 're not going anywhere . Drop your weapon . Don 't do it , Gabriel . There are only two ways this ends ... either I open her head , or I open yours . Shoot him ! Put the weapon down and come with me , and I 'll let her go . Don 't do it , Gabriel . You owe me 20 bucks . I don 't want to owe you 20 bucks . Put the gun down slowly . A little to the left . What are you talking about ? Do it now ! Little more . Drop the gun ! Three degrees down . Now , doc ! Want to explain to me why we 're giving Jin Cong back to the Chinese ? We 're making a trade . You said you had information ... about Amelia Hayes . The Pakistanis claim she is alive . Where is she ? They had her under surveillance as recently as three months ago . I need proof . She boarded a flight from Punjab to Zurich on June 12th . I 'm sure you can find the video yourself . I need to go to Zurich . No . You need to go to Seattle . Seattle ? Eight dock workers are sick with radiation poisoning . Customs found traces in a container that arrived from Malaysia yesterday . Lillian . Seattle , Gabriel . After that ... it 's better for both of us if you don 't tell me your travel plans . I just wanted to say thank you . For what ? This never happened . You ok ? Yeah . I ain 't gonna change , you know . If they wanted a robot , they could have built one . They wanted a human . And they got one . 20 $ . What 's the score ? The next time . Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry
