 There 's so much I want to tell you about your father . [ tablet beeps ] bring me my daughter . If you 're gonna move up in hydra , you need to make friends . Skye : I 'm scared for her . She 's a terrible liar . Yes , my loyalties are with hydra . What is it again ? Not sure . Coulson put me on it a month ago , Searching for a match . I 've got nothing . Coulson : This writing was on the obelisk , And now a piece of art . Getting that painting could mean answers . Hello , raina . You recently took something from me . Bring me the obelisk . You have 48 hours ... the clock starts ... Now . Schneider : The world is full of people seeking change , Hoping to become something else , something better . So my first reaction when I heard That pete joined the navy was , " you 've got to be kidding me . " [ laughter ] I mean , this degenerate in the navy ? Did they even do a background check ? 'cause I got two words for you ... " tijuana ' 09 . " [ crowd murmurs ] Yeah , h-bomb knows what I 'm talking about . [ laughter ] Any chance you boys got something stronger Behind that bar ? Sorry , ma 'am , just champagne . Schneider : But in this case , change is a good thing . Mariya , you are a super-cool chick . And , pete , you 'll always be my boy . So , everyone , raise your glasses to pete and mariya , The leitners . All : The leitners . [ coughing ] [ men coughing ] Aah ! [ groaning ] What 's happening ? ! Oh ! Somebody ... somebody help ! Please , somebody help ! Somebody help us ! [ engine turns over ] [ tires screech ] Eight went down ... dead . Some sick , everyone else scared , but very much alive . Return immediately to give your report personally . Dr. Whitehall will not be pleased To hear that we , again , have failed . Eight dead , six of them navy . All part of an anti-hydra unit . Any idea what was used to carry out the attack ? Nope , but the effects appear similar To those from the obelisk . Which we must assume is in hydra 's possession . Heard back from your navy contact ? Radio silence . Any chance we could find a way in , maybe poke around a bit ? Entire fleet 's closing ranks . These were their men . No one other than the cdc and navy 's top brass Are setting foot in that room . What about agent simmons ? She 's inside hydra . Still waiting for her to make contact . Sir , what is that ? Uh , just sketches . If the obelisk is back in play , We need to know what this writing means . Any progress on your end ? I put some feelers out to my rising tide contacts About the painting we recovered in miami , And no one has seen anything like it . Keep looking . Something will turn up . What about the writings you 've been giving me ? Why don 't you tell me your source , and I 'll follow up ? I 'm afraid that 's classified . Hunter : Well , you 're the boss man . Maybe you could de-classify it . I could . I won 't . Why not ? I already answered the question , skye . No , you didn 't . You skirted it . There 's a difference . Then it 's a difference I 'm comfortable with , Then you and I are gonna have a very different conversation ... One you will not be comfortable with . Is that clear ? Yes , sir . [ footsteps depart ] You know ... Keeping her in the dark won 't end well . [ sighs ] If this bullet had struck even half an inch lower , We wouldn 't be having this conversation . Guess today 's my lucky day . [ cartridge cocks ] and big rick 's last . Please , gentlemen , not in here . Only ' cause you asked nicely . [ alarm blaring ] I realize this is unexpected . Deacon : We come to you for discretion , doc . What the hell is this ? My apologies . This will only take a moment . What did I say about interrupting me at my practice ? These men value their privacy . I 'm in trouble . And here I thought you were bringing me good news . I need the obelisk back Temporarily , just until I can make other arrangements . After all these years , I thought you 'd show more respect . Please , I beg you . It reminds me of what you were when I found you ... With just those fairy tales your grandmother told you . You said you 'd make them come true . You said you 'd bring me my girl . You brought me a picture and a promise . I still only have the picture . [ sighs ] Who wants it ? Who has made you this afraid , raina ? Daniel whitehall . He scares you more than I do ? No , please . He 's very powerful . Mm . He has resources . He 's a butcher ! And what are you ? ! I 'm a man trying to put my family back together ! You 're losing control again . [ gasping ] You need me . You 're barely holding it together . If you 're not careful , you 'll ... you 'll lose skye forever . If she sees you like this ... I 'll never see her if you never bring her to me . I 'm the only one who ... who can . And I can 't ... Breathe . [ choking ] [ gasping ] It 's the only thing That will make her understand ... understand me . I won 't turn it over . I 'm sorry . Daniel whitehall will cut me to pieces . Yes . He will . I suggest you go back to his office and beg to him . Maybe he 's turned soft in his old age . [ footsteps depart ] I really wanted to bring you skye . That 's not her name . Hey , doc . [ claps hands ] Can we please finish up here ? And for god 's sakes , man , try to keep it together . What sort of hell cow produces carmine milk ? I don 't know . File just says " bessie . " You two , come with me . Look these over . [ sighs ] Oh , my god . W-what is it ? W ... that 's daniel whitehall . One of hydra 's new heads . Whitehall : Good day . I 've brought you here because I need your help . Lingenfelter : We recently attempted to reverse engineer The effects of an alien artifact Using tissue samples from one of its victims . Whitehall : Unfortunately , the results Were less than what we 'd hoped for . Many of the deceased were enemies of hydra . Some of us are pleased with these small triumphs . Others have loftier aspirations ... passion , even . Our founder ... he had his tesseract . As for me , well , it would be an understatement To say that I 've waited my whole life To get possession of the obelisk , To harness its power . Dr. Simmons , is it ? Yes . Bakshi tells me you have a passion In your opinion , where did dr . Lingenfelter go wrong ? I-I 'm not entirely sure that she did . That 's one among us . Please , clarify . Well , it ... it 's just we 're dealing with alien technology . Alien metals interact with biology On a cellular level in a way that 's impossible to replicate Without a sample . But if we were to acquire the obelisk itself , Would it then be possible to weaponize its effects ? I would think so , yes . Excellent . I want everyone prepared when we do . [ sighs ] he knows your name . Do you have any idea what this means ? We could kill millions of people , perhaps even billions . Pretty awesome , huh ? [ indistinct conversations ] Don 't mind me just standing here . Fitz : Did skye just steal that painting from our lab ? Mack certainly has an impressive physique , wouldn 't you say ? Bugger off . No . It 's true . Look at him . He 's quite a lot of a man . [ speaking indistinctly ] Well , obviously I agree , What with you being my subconscious and everything . What ? I can say that to you . It doesn 't mean anything . It 's just a casual observation . That 's all it is . No , I know that . Yeah . Well , why are you still staring at me ? Because you just admitted that I 'm not real . I 'm not gonna have this conversation with myself again . Fitz , this is a good thing . You 've got friends now , real friends . You don 't need me anymore . Yeah , but I miss you . I mean , I still ... Miss her . But she left and moved on . Maybe it 's time you do the same . You know this is , like , a religious painting , right ? Yeah , well , when aliens started scribbling on the back of it , It kind of voided god 's warranty , I just wish I knew what that scribbling meant . The director won 't be much help . Do you think I was wrong to press ? No , on the contrary , couldn 't agree more . Reminded me of how I used to put the screws to my old lady . It 's not like that . [ chuckling ] no ? Then why put yourself in coulson 's cross hairs ? Because coulson used to be different . He wasn 't always so closed off . I 'm telling you , my ex was the same way ... Always keeping secrets . Drove me absolutely mental . There really is only one way to handle people like that . Invade their privacy till they go crazy themselves . Thanks for the advice , divorced guy . All I 'm saying is there 's something Coulson doesn 't want you to know . Maybe you should find out what it is . And how do you suggest I do that ? Well , don 't know exactly . But it seems your hydra boyfriend downstairs Would be a good place to start . Ward : I 'm surprised it took you so long . This isn 't about that . Don 't pretend you haven 't thought about what I said . Yeah , well , I 'm pretty sure you 're the last person I 'd ever want to talk to about my father . Not if you want to find him . My parents were killed in the hunan province , Along with everyone else in their village . That 's not what happened . I know what you 're doing . No , you 're exploiting a weakness , looking for a way in . I told you ... I will never lie to you Not again . Okay . If you 're really being honest , name your source . What ? Tell me where it came from ... it 's that simple . Raina . [ chuckles ] She knows him , skye . No , I believe that you think she does . Oh . Do you not get it ? She found your weakness and then used it against you . Skye ... shut up , ward . I don 't want to hear you say another word about it . Good . Tell me what you know about this . I first saw that when we were in belarus ... Me and you ... and later on , When garrett started etching that in the glass . Garrett carved this stuff himself ? Did he say what it was ? No , but he wasn 't making a lot of sense After he was injected with the gh-formula . These writings ... they 're not yours , are they ? Good . That 's good , ' cause once garrett started , he couldn 't stop . The writing was anywhere he could carve it ... On the walls , on the floor . On his desk . I was almost relieved when s.H.I.E.L.D. Put him down . The garrett I knew was long gone once the writing started . And whatever took his place , I don 't think it was meant to survive . [ sighs ] [ device beeps ] Hydra pursuing alien wmd technology . Must act quickly to prevent extinction-level event . [ sighs ] awaiting further instructions . Fish tacos . [ device beeps ] The reason you won 't name your source Is because you are the source . By all means , come on in . Please , I know it 's you , so just be honest with me . Are you okay ? Because once garrett started writing , He went kind of nuts . I see you 've been talking to ward . I told you ... I 'm fine . May 's been keeping an eye on me . When did you start doing this ? First night I saw garrett 's writings ... It just triggered something in me . What do you think caused it ? The gh-formula , most likely . Garrett and I were both injected ... not a coincidence . Yeah , but so was I , and I haven 't written anything like that . Which is either very good , Or a whole different kind of scary , Which is why we had to monitor you . Whoa . Wait . Monitor ? That is a very specific word . We didn 't tell you about this Because we wanted to passively observe ... See if the writing would trigger something in you . So , what ... you guys put , like , Tiny hidden cameras in my bunk ? But I think you 're focusing on the wrong details here . I didn 't react the same way . I believe garrett and I had a negative reaction To the alien dna in our system . Maybe you didn 't ... Because it was already there . Yeah , right , like I 'm an alien . Hold on . Are you saying that I am an alien ? It 's a theory . No , a theory is what scientists use To prove things in nature . This is you telling me that I might be an alien . That is not something you just say like it is no big deal . I was trying not to rattle you . Well , guess what ... epic fail . Coulson , you have a call on line one . Really not a good time . You 're gonna want to take this call . Hello . I hope I 'm not interrupting . Somehow , I suspect that 's the point . What do you want , raina ? You and I have something to discuss , agent coulson . The matter is quite urgent . [ alarm blaring ] Everyone , listen up . I need each of you to step away from your desk And place your hands behind your back . Morse : Keep everyone off their phones and tablets . We have a mole , ladies and gentlemen , Right here in our very facility . Someone has been sending s.H.I.E.L.D. Messages Right under our noses . I specialize in finding them . Bakshi here ... well , he makes them suffer . Until that happens ... No one leaves . Hydra does not tolerate traitors . Anyone caught in possession of contraband Will be punished accordingly . Dr. Jemma simmons . This is quite an impressive rÃ © sumÃ © ... S.H.I.E.L.D. Academy , top of your class , Two phds in very advanced fields . It even says here you spent time in the field As a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent . Is that correct ? Only a short time . You 've only been in hydra a short time . But it seems that you 've been affiliated with s.H.I.E.L.D. In one capacity or another for most of your life . Aren 't most hydra agents ex-s.H.I.E.L.D. Operatives ? Who were working from within s.H.I.E.L.D. But there 's no evidence you supported hydra While s.H.I.E.L.D. Still existed . In fact , it seems you were an exemplary s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent ... Perhaps even still are . [ sighs ] My loyalties are with hydra . I 'll be the judge of that . Madam ... There 's something you have to see . Wait . Wait . That 's ... that 's not mine . I-I-I 've never seen that before in my life ! [ light jazz music plays ] Still nothing . Copy that . Chef : You ask too much . My food ... it suffers from this intrusion . We have been over this . You and your staff will be well compensated for your help . Incoming at 4 : 00 . Hunter : The tiny girl in the flower dress ? That 's who everyone 's making such a fuss about ? It 's good to see you , agent coulson . Raina . I was worried you weren 't going to accept my invitation ... But perhaps I wasn 't the only one Looking forward to our next meeting . Is she hitting on him ? Yep . That 's what she does . You implied there was something urgent to discuss , Either way , you 're gonna give me what I want . You 've changed , agent coulson . Might just be circumstance , considering last time , You had me strapped into your little memory machine . I was only trying to help . You want to help ? Tell me where to find the obelisk . I 'm afraid it 's out of my hands . That really doesn 't work for me . I 've seen what that thing can do . It 's too dangerous to be out in the real world . You 've only seen the beginning . Just because something 's powerful Doesn 't make it dangerous . In this case , it 's more the death and destruction . You must believe me , agent coulson ... We want the same thing . Unless it 's an end to this conversation , I 'm pretty sure we don 't . You really know how to make a girl feel special . Only when I suspect she has something up her sleeve . It 's in my purse , actually . Right now , hydra 's looking for a spy within their ranks . I wonder what would happen to agent simmons If this were to fall into the wrong hands . Everything will be just fine . [ toilet flushes ] [ exhales sharply ] Don 't you seem nervous ? Well , maybe it has something to do With you lurking right outside of my stall . Bakshi informed me that you and kenneth were lab partners . We 'd worked together on a couple of assignments , yes . Well , there are some who believe That he may not have been acting alone . Were you colluding with kenneth ? [ scoffs ] no . [ chuckles ] Did you plant the flex screen on kenneth 's desk ? No . You 're not a very good liar , are you ? Maybe I should take a look at your hard drive , Go right ahead . It 's nothing but hydra files . Oh , it better be . I want you to keep something in mind , agent simmons ... Hydra is everywhere . Carry on . [ breathing deeply ] I don 't like being threatened . This isn 't a threat . It 's a gesture of goodwill . I would like nothing more than to delete that photo . And in return , what do you want ? From you ? Nothing . But I will need to take skye with me . Excuse me ? What in the hell is this really about ? And why , also in the hell , Do you think I would ever let that happen ? To prevent every hydra employee From receiving an automated e-mail with that photo . [ beeps ] You have two minutes , After which , there 's nothing I can do . Where are you planning to take skye ? Somewhere she 's always wanted to go . To meet her dad . She 's lying . Ward said raina knew him . This cannot be a coincidence . So you 're what ... working for skye 's father now ? I 'm just trying to make the best Out of a difficult situation . By threatening the life of one of my agents ? By allowing one to find out who she really is . That 's what skye 's been searching for her whole life . Ask her yourself , agent coulson . She 's here , isn 't she ... listening ? Skye needs to know that her father loves her very much , That she was taken from him against his will , That he 's spent her entire life searching for her . No matter how much you 've changed , agent coulson , Deep down , you 're still a good man . No good man would intentionally Keep a daughter from her father ... Especially when so much is at stake . You 're running out of time . [ beeping ] Give skye what she 's always wanted ... Or else agent simmons dies . [ sighs ] No deal . Stand down , skye . If I don 't go out there , simmons is gonna die . Coulson has a plan . He also carves alien writing into his desk , So maybe his judgment is not what it used to be . I said stand down . Look , it 's not too late . We can fix this . No one needs to get hurt . [ beeping ] Please . [ rapid beeping ] [ murmuring ] [ murmuring ] There she is . Grab her ! [ footsteps screech ] oh , no . [ breathing heavily ] [ grunting ] [ bones crack ] Oh ! [ breathing heavily ] What is happening ? Don 't worry . Coulson has a plan . You would sacrifice one of your own agents . We all take risks in this business . In your case , it just didn 't pay off . I had no choice . Tiny violin 's playing , But no one 's listening , sweetheart . Who 's making you do this ? Hydra . They want the obelisk , but you don 't have it . Skye 's father does . He won 't stop until he gets her . You 're scared of him , and you don 't scare easily . He 's a very dangerous man . You wouldn 't believe the stories . Well , now we 've established Skye 's old man isn 't father of the year , what 's next ? Take me in . Please . Sorry . No vacancies . Once I walk out that door , whitehall will kill me . It 's possible . Or maybe you and I will work together after all . What ? Tag and tail it is , then . [ air hisses ] [ gasps ] You 're gonna use me to get to whitehall . He 'll be trying to find you . Whether or not we 're there to save you when he does , That 's your call , depending on how useful you make yourself . You can start by telling us how to find skye 's father . I don 't mean to sound ungrateful , Because I am truly grateful , but who are you ? Coulson sent me in to infiltrate hydra and keep an eye on you . Well , you did a spot-on job , really . You were quite intimidating . Sorry about that . I had to assess other security issues that were in play . Receiving an e-mail blowing my cover ? I 'm afraid there 's no way I 'm walking out that front door . There 's already an extraction team there waiting . Okay , just wait here . It 's all part of the plan . All right ? [ sighs ] We 've been compromised . I need you to abandon your post and follow protocol 6-8-5 . [ gasping ] It 's her . [ grunts ] I 'm sorry , but ... Okay , go get to the roof . Go . Where are they ? We 're trapped . Southwest corner ! Repeat , southwest corner ! [ gunshots ] Run ! There 's no one there ! [ engine rumbling ] Welcome back , agent simmons . [ breathing heavily ] Trip , it 's so good to see you . You certainly know how to make a first impression , agent morse . Please , it 's just " bobbi . " Forgive me for asking , But if you were able to infiltrate hydra , Why even bother having me go in ? My cover gave me access to hydra security , But none of its high-level projects . Then I 'm afraid I came up empty-handed . Not entirely . My hard drive . I took it after our conversation in the bathroom . Seemed like it might provide some useful intel . Oh . I like you . [ chuckles ] Triplett : Cargo 's on board , And we 've cleared hydra airspace . Hey , you . Hey . [ chuckles ] [ engines rumbling ] You ask me , coulson let you off easy . I didn 't ask . Good luck out there , love . The address raina gave us is only a few blocks away . [ scoffs ] and I thought she chose this place for the ambiance . [ device beeps ] Remember what lumley said about skye ? " wherever she goes , death follows " ? Yeah , that was a memorable quote . Look , we know skye 's father has been searching for her all this time . What if he 's what lumley is so afraid of ? [ footsteps approach ] Probably a trap , isn 't it ? I 'll need you running surveillance . Make sure local p.D. Aren 't patrolling the area . [ device beeping ] and , skye ... Where 's skye ? Hello ? Anyone here ? You wanted to meet . Well , here I am . Where did you go ? [ cartridge clicks ] So he was here . Yeah . I just wanted a glimpse . You 're having one hell of a day , huh ? [ inhales deeply ] We 'll find him . It 's okay . [ sniffles ] It 's okay . [ footsteps approach ] So , is this a group-hug-type situation ? You find anything ? The place has been cleared out ... Agent may 's checking the back room . Have you been drinking ? I was working . Had to maintain my cover . Your cover as what ... ron burgundy ? I can see why she frustrates you . Agent may , any sign of him ? May : No . But there 's something you need to see . Looks like a small blade , probably a scalpel . And this is just pure strength . Whoever did this ... We all know who did this . Look at what he did . I can 't believe it . No , no , no . He 's a ... Monster . [ grunts ] [ tires screech ] Triplett : This is team bravo , asking permission to land . Coulson : You 're cleared for landing , bravo . [ whirring ] Welcome home , agent simmons . [ breathes deeply ] director coulson . [ chuckles ] I 'm glad to have you back . I 'm just glad to be alive . [ chuckles ] If it hadn 't have been for agent morse , I ... Bobbi . Bobbi , right . If it hadn 't have been for bobbi , I would never have made it out . Probably be brainwashed , Happy to comply to who knows what . That 's why I 've asked her to join the team . Go ahead . Agents triplett , morse . Hi , fitz . Simmons . Is that really you ? [ chuckles ] of course it is . Who else would it be ? [ breathes deeply ] How 've you been ? [ indistinct conversations ] Hey . Long time , no see , barbara . [ laughs ] don 't start with that again . [ laughs ] hey . [ inhales deeply ] aww . Oh , you know , working undercover at hydra , Acting all uptight and evil . You know what I could really go for right now ? Hold the olives . Hold the olives . Yeah . [ chuckles ] hunter : Bobbi . Hey , hunter . Nice suit . Really ? That 's what you 're leading with ? What did you do to your hair ? Ever heard of undercover ? I prefer you blonde . Two seconds in ... there 's already a tone . Th-this isn 't a tone . This is my speaking voice When I 'm upset with an unreasonable person . What 's the deal there ? Hunter ever tell you stories about his she-devil ex-wife ? All the time . Damn . Anyone mind telling me what the bloody hell she 's doing here ? Bobbi 's one of our best agents . Then mind telling me what I 'm doing here ? It 's easy ... I vouched for you . Why the hell would you do that ? ! Play nice . It 's good to have simmons back . Which is why you should be down there . I know you 're gonna go after him . Skye ... no , it 's okay . I get it . And right now he has the obelisk , which is a bad thing . You know , I 've spent all my life Wondering who he was and why he left . But after today , I-I just don 't care anymore . All I care about is that we stop him , And I just wanted to let you know That whatever it takes to do that , I 'm in . That 's good to know . You have to be completely honest with me from now on ... No more secrets , no more compartmentalization , And definitely no more hidden cameras . Whatever 's going on , you bring me in ... no exceptions . Okay . Okay . We should probably get started . [ beeps ] [ whirring ] So , this is what you 've been doing up here . Well , it 's what I did yesterday . You 're kidding . I don 't know how else to explain it , But it needs to be carved . Does ... does it just appear in your mind , Like some sort of vision ? No . It just kind of happens , which is really frustrating Because no matter how much I carve , It still means nothing to me . I don 't even have a theory . I do . It 's a map . We 'll return in a moment . The lab should be dismantled within the hour . Not long after . [ elevator bell dings ] I couldn 't help but notice all the moving boxes . I 'm sorry for the interruption . This will only take a second . Remove him ! Please , lower your voice . Let 's all ... let 's all try and keep our heads about us . Let 's all try and stay calm . [ grunts ] [ grunting ] Mm . Sorry . [ squeaking ] Let 's all try and keep our heads about us . [ sighs ] I hear you 've been looking for this . The obelisk . In its native language , it 's called the diviner , One of many little details I know about this thing . Can you tell me how to use it ? Better yet , I 'll teach you how to survive it . And why would you do that ? We share a common enemy ... a guy named phil coulson . I thought maybe together , you and I could kill him Along with , you know , everyone else .
