 The boys are warming to Tony . Caesar ! - Kid 's a project . - Come on ! Everybody is already talking about you . That 's where I come in , as president of Tony Bravo Enterprises . Give us a shot . You 've established loyalty with Galan . Now , if we play this right , it might be your ticket into Galan 's inner circle . And that we should move on to the contingency plan . Reach out to Mark Tarzola . What would you like me to tell him ? Tell him I need an army . [ Melancholy music ] The ball should fit your foot like it was born there . When they become one again , this is where the power comes . Good , Tony . Who were you kicking it to , exactly ? [ Screaming in Spanish distantly ] [ Crying ] [ Gasps ] All right , listen up . Listen up . You all will be happy to know we 're going with a light practice today so as to not burn you out for tomorrow 's game . Light practice ? Are you going soft on us , coach ? I went soft a long time ago , Holester . Seven straight losses to the Austin Terror , and I 'm positively limp . I 'm this close to bringing Duquesne in to satisfy my wife 's womanly needs . Do you hear me ? I am one more loss away from cuckolding myself . So I ask you ... No , I beseech you , save me from that humiliation and just beat Austin . We still have one spot left on the roster for tomorrow . - Right , Heddo or Youngblood . - What do you think ? I think our disadvantage in this rivalry has become self-fulfilling . We need a fundamental shift in the spirit of the team . I think you 've been drinking too much of your ceremonial tea . He 's been staying every day after practice . He 's hungry . Then buy him a sandwich . He 's been putting into work , good for him . He 's still not ready . Maybe it 's you who are not ready . [ Scoffs ] Afro-Yoda horseshit . [ Door opens ] Used to be able to do that for three hours . It 's crazy how it comes back . We 've picked up chatter off the satellite which suggests Galan will be meeting with a man named Moktar Zola at the game tomorrow . Moktar Zola ? What is that , klingon ? He 's a mercenary broker with a penchant for beheadings , but , sure , let 's joke about it . Zola made his bones in the Congo , raping , pillaging , and executing his way to platinum club warlord status with the tacit approval of the corrupt government . In ' 97 a coup brought the hammer down on him and his buddies , and Zola went international , amassing a private army , which he now rents out to the highest bidder . So Galan goes from buying art to buying soldiers . - How 's that connected ? - We don 't know . That 's why we need ears on that meeting . Galan keeps a model car on his desk . This is a bug that we 'd like you to place on it . Now , I 'm sure in all of your elegant smash and grabs at the DEA you 've never had to use one of these things , so let me explain it to you in a way that I think you 'll understand . You press this button right here ... I got it . If I need help fixing toilets while I 'm there , - I know who to call . - Whatever , man . I played that sting perfectly . - [ Phone beeps ] - I followed protocol to a tee , and I got the job done . No way . I made tomorrow 's roster . Congratulations . Yeah , good for you , Pelé . Can you plant the bug or what ? It 's game day . The stadium 's going to be crawling with people . I can 't exactly sneak into Galan 's office . Shouldn 't have to sneak . Getting close to Galan is the whole point of this operation . Use that proximity . Get it done . Is it porn time ? I could come back . That was a joke . Are you going out again tonight ? Well , that 's the plan . So you wanted to chat ? Ravensen music school . Why would I want this ? You 'll be attending there in the fall . - What ? - Look , if music is really what you want to do with your life , then you should do it the right way . I 'm not running across the country when the industry is right here . It 's all about me and my band making good contacts right now . You need instruction , Senna , refinement . That 's the way life is . No one wants an amateur when they can work with a real professional . Dad , you 're so clueless sometimes . This whole business is about discovering the next hot amateur . I mean , our YouTube channel has almost 2 million hits . If half those people buy our album , we 'd go platinum . You would have to finish recording an album first . I know . We 're really close . You 've been saying that for the last 18 months . Look , Senna , I believe you 're talented . How would you know ? You 've never even been to one of our gigs . Regardless , celebrity is not a profession . You need a good foundation . When I started out , I didn 't know the first thing - about telephones . - [ Groans ] Enough with the " poor immigrant made good " story . It 's tired . I 'm just trying to do the right thing by my only daughter . Please , you think I don 't know what this is really about ? You want me as far away from your precious soccer team as possible . You don 't think I know how embarrassed you are of me ? You don 't make it easy to be proud . [ Scoffs ] Wow . Just what every daughter wants to hear . You know what ? I 'm glad mom didn 't live to see you send her only child away . She 'd hate you for it . [ Car chirps ] - [ Grunts ] - [ Gasps ] ♪ ♪ Let me guess , a champorado and a churro . I 'm buying . I 'm good . Just a coffee then . Look , I 'm sorry I 've been off the grid lately . You have to admit , it 's pretty crazy . Me , playing professional soccer . Yeah , I 'm really busy right now . - Oh . - So maybe we can talk about this in a few weeks when I decide I 'm free . Fine . No , you 're right . I mean , it 's not like you ever ignored me when I wanted to talk . That 's right , because I 'm your friend . Mm-hmm , so I just imagined that whole " Tony wets the bed " thing ? - We were eight . - So ? I needed you , and you weren 't available . I got over it . Mm , no . Oh , you 're really gonna make me eat this all alone ? Yeah , no , I wish I could help , but it 's all egg whites and veggies for me . This body doesn 't sculpt itself . So is this what you 're gonna be like now ? Believe me , I 'd love nothing more than to eat , like , ten of those , but I need to be ready to play today . Wait , you 're playing ? In a game ? - Why didn 't you tell me ? - Well , I just did . Tony , this is amazing . Seriously , your mom must be freaking out . She doesn 't know yet . Why not ? Because I 'll probably just be riding the bench , and I didn 't want to get her hopes up . Listen , uh ... I had the dream again last night . - The one with you and ... - My dad , yeah . It 's been , like , ten years since I had it . It 's weird , right ? Not really . You don 't have to be Freud to realize that playing again might bring back these memories . So will you come to my game ? Like I said , I 'll probably just be warming the bench , but just ... I wouldn 't miss it . I understand . We 'll see you then . Zola 's running late . He said to expect him around halftime . His flight was supposed to land an hour ago . Apparently , he wants to do some sightseeing first , or maybe he just likes making people wait . It seems to be having the desired effect . Say what you mean . There 's a lot riding on this transaction , if you 're going to make up for losing the artifact . Let 's not forget . You lost it right along with me . I 'm not the issue . The success of this enterprise is crucial to your status in the eyes of the group . You need to go into this calmly and not let Zola agitate you . Moktar Zola 's the least of my agitations right now . Senna ? I don 't suppose you 've seen her today ? No . You give her everything she wants , so she has no incentive to change . And what would you know about being a parent ? Only what I learned from being a child who didn 't have one . They died . And you were raised by wolves , I assume . Something like that . Go wait outside for our visitor . I 've got a game to watch . Another beautiful day in sunny Southern California . Since entering the American united soccer league , the Riot are a dismal three and ten at home against the Terror , making this one of the most lopsided rivalries in the league . Oh , my God , Tony has his own jersey . - No way ! - Galan 's no dummy . He 's gonna make money off the matador brand any way he can . This is so cool . I have to have one . Of course , but take a picture for Instagram . My baby ... my baby has made it to the big times . Can you believe that ? Ah , you know how Tony is when he sets his mind on something . Aren 't you proud of your brother ? Yeah , big-time . Hey . What ? No , it 's great . It 's great . You made it . - Hey ! - Hi ! We 've already been here for an hour . Your mom wanted to beat traffic . That sounds about right . - I 'm proud of you , bro . - Thank you . No , no , you deserve it , you know . - Thanks , Rick . - You really do . I just want to say , I love you , man . I know you do . I know you love me . - Thank you . Thank you . - Cool . How would you like to meet Andres Galan ? What ? No , I couldn 't possibly . - Are you ... are you sure ? - Yes . Because if I knew I was going to meet my first mogul , I would have worn , you know , high heels . Ma , he puts his pants on one leg at a time like the rest of us . Except his pants are worth more than my truck . [ All laugh ] Lead the way , my little football star . Yeah , just don 't say stuff like that in front of him . Help them find their seats , and I 'll take Ma . - [ Speaking spanish ] - Break a leg . I 'm gonna hit the head first , all right ? Say , would you ladies like a private tour of this place , maybe meet some players , get some souvenirs ? - [ Both laughing excitedly ] Yeah ? - All right , come on . Are you sure this is okay , Tony ? I don 't want to ... I don 't want to be a bother . It 's my pleasure , please . Can I pop in there for a second ? I want my mom to meet the man that changed my life . No . Really ? It 's my mom , man . Can I get five minutes ? Please , she 's been driving me up the wall about it . Thank you . She left here last night around 8 : 00 . We 'd had words . - [ Knocks on door ] - Come in . Uh-huh . Okay . Just tell me if you see her . Please forgive me . And we 're live . My daughter has a habit of becoming unreachable . Hmm , I know how it is . Mr. Galan , I 'd like you to meet my mother . [ Both speaking Spanish ] _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Oh , speaking of which , isn 't it time you went down to warm up , Tony ? I don 't want you to pull something . And I 'm sure your mother can 't wait to see her son 's debut . Oh , are you kidding ? I 'm over the moon . We all are , especially to have him playing for someone as inspirational as you . What are you doing on the 14th of next month ? I 'm only asking because my only daughter , Cristina , she 's celebrating her quinceañera ... Mom , he 's not coming to the party . I 'm sorry , Mr. Galan . Oh , no , please , don 't apologize , although I must decline . I 'm sure it 's going to be a wonderful occasion . You know , I remember my Senna 's quinceañera like it was yesterday . But it 's a bittersweet celebration . They grow up so fast , especially the girls . Oh , thank you so much for all you 've done for my Tony . Okay , all right , that 's enough hugging . Appreciate it , sir . It 's been a pleasure . [ Crowd chanting ] [ Whistle blows ] Let the festivities begin . This , the second of three matches between the Riot and the Austin Terror . Austin winning the previous match , 4-2 . Now , earlier this week , coach MacDonald promised his team would respond with a bold new attacking style . But that strategy could backfire and leave the Riot vulnerable to the Terror 's speedy counterattack . And here come the Terror on the attack , picking their way through the Riot defense . Get him ! Hernandez , with a quick shot , but he blasts it over the crossbar . Riot are pressing now . Arguello has it . There 's a flick on to Holester , who charges past the defense . - Out comes Lee to challenge . - Go ! Oh , Lee dives in at the last moment to dash the Riot 's dream of an early lead . Here 's a deep cross from Arguello for Heddo , and , oh , what a chance there , just poked high ... This is how it goes , back and forth for 90 minutes , nobody scores ? Some people believe scoring isn 't everything . The playing , the lead-up , it can be just as exciting , if not more . Wait , are we talking about the same thing ? Youngblood now to Holka . A bad touch there as he gives it up to Van Parker in the midfield to Hernandez . Now , Mugler and back to Hernandez . - Top corner for the goal ! - [ Groans ] What the ... So the Terror strikes first , just shy of the 18-minute mark . And , oh , my , MacDonald is not happy at all . Riot charging ahead , looking to equalize . Here 's a try for Holester at the top of the box , but Stockton is there to snuff it out . And here 's that vulnerability we talked about , the Riot defense spread very wide after that attack . Martin takes advantage . Excellent vision , slices wide to Ivanovich for the goal ! Ivanovich sneaking one past storm inside the near post , and already the Riot are down 2-nil in the 25th minute . No defense . You got to play defense in this league . Oof , talk about a blowout . No wonder Bravo made the team . They suck . The Riot can 't seem to maintain possession , and here comes the Terror , effortlessly driving through the Riot defense . - Oh , and that 's an awful ... - [ Shouts ] Frustration foul on stockton . He had to do it . And this is going to give the Terror an excellent chance to add to their lead as Hernandez lines up to take the free kick just beyond the penalty box . The wall is up , storm is set , and here 's the kick . Oh , and Hernandez rockets one right past Duquesne storm . And that is gonna do it for the first 45 . The Terror opening up what is likely to be an insurmountable 3-to-nothing lead . - [ Cell phone ringing ] - [ Indistinct chatter ] Hey , anything going on upstairs ? Galan just got off the phone with security . It sounds like Zola 's arrival is imminent . Well , what else do you need from me ? Just keep warming that bench . Nothing else for now . Good luck in the second half . Maybe you 'll get some playing time . Yeah , thanks . You don 't have to be such a dick . Hey , I 'm being straight with him . You 're feeding the fantasy . So who 's the real dick here ? Not you , obviously . It only hurt for a second . Thank you for coming all the way to Los Angeles on such short notice . It 's no problem . I used miles . I hope you don 't mind if we get to business right away . I have a second half to watch . Perhaps it 's better you don 't watch . I have a bad feeling about how this one is going to turn out . I believe our general needs have been communicated to you . We will need your men to be mobilized by the end of the week . Now , we 're offering a flat fee . If you incur any casualties , there will be no compensation over and above the original fee . I trust this won 't be a problem . You pay , they will be there . Well , then , this is the easiest deal you 've ever made . Shall we shake on it ? I must first know why you need so many men . Excuse me ? I just don 't have men standing in line waiting to fight . They are spread far and wide . It takes time and energy to get them together . I understand that . It 's a lot to ask on a tight time frame , especially when I don 't know the exact nature of the operation . Your men will receive their orders when they arrive at the staging area . I hear that you are targeting something very valuable down there , and I assume my men will help you get it . If you are looking for a percentage , then you are overplaying your hand . Why don 't we just shake on it and hammer out the specifics ? There are several other brokers out there who are just as capable of delivering what I need . I 'd be happy to take my business to them . I respect you . You 're a smart man . Industrious . You got where you are by seizing opportunities when they presented themselves . I am the same way . I want to know when and I want to know where , exact coordinates . So you can mount your own operation and cut me out . Ah , I think we 're done , here . I don 't think so . In fact , I think we are just getting started . Why should I tolerate another moment of this ? Because , I have your daughter . And , here , I thought we said there would be no weapons ? You won 't find her that way . We 've disabled her locator . Even the most advanced piece of tracking technology doesn 't stand a chance against a good pair of pliers . Where ... What the hell did you do to me ? Did you pull out my tooth ? Really , you 're not going to say anything , you sick fuck ? It wasn 't your tooth we wanted little girl . It was the locator . You didn 't know ? Interesting . So what is this ? Huh , you 're just gonna hold me for ransom ? Well , you obviously didn 't do your homework . My father doesn 't negotiate with terrorists . Ow ! We 're not terrorists , little girl . And now for the piece de resistance of the Tony Bravo Enterprises tour , the Riot locker room . See , there 's lucky Buddha . Duquesne 's beats . I knew you ladies would dig it . Ooh , let 's see what the new guy 's wearing . - [ Both sniff ] - Oh , that smells like wet dog . Ah , I heard that was a gift from his brother and it came highly recommended by the salesperson . Ooh , look , Holester 's locker . - Uh-uh , give it . - No , I touched it first . Oh , my God , it 's still warm . Ladies , please , there 's got to be a way we can settle it . Maybe you could put this on and we could pretend that ... What was your name , again ? Holester . Call me Holester . As we enter the 56th minute , the Riot find themselves in a familiar position . They trail Austin 2-nil , but there 's still plenty of time left for the Riot to make a move . Oh , good , you are ready to talk . How much do you want ? I think I have enough for now . I 'll give you $ 500,000 . You let her go . A million . I don 't want your money , Andres . I want to know when and I want to know where . But the fact that you offered such a large sum , rather than give me what I am after , tells me everything I need to know . I will not be leaving here without those coordinates . If she is hurt , you will die . If she is hurt , then you have failed as a father . This shrimp is excellent . Fresh ? It must be . No frozen fish tastes this good . One of the perks of living by the ocean I guess . Has Galan given him anything ? He just tried to give him a million bucks for Senna 's safe return . Zola wouldn 't bite . But check this out . When Galan was on the phone earlier he implied Senna left the stadium around eight . So I scrolled through the security footage to try to find her departure , and I found this . She never left the stadium . Opening minutes of the second half here as the Riot are really fighting to get some momentum going against this stifling Austin defense . Good solid Riot ball control , but the Terror swoop in and pick off another pass . [ Phone rings ] Tony , you have a call from the owner 's box . Mr. Galan ? What the hell are you doing down there , Bravo ? I don 't pay you to sit on your ass . Just kidding , man . It 's Noah . It was pretty good , right ? You should hear my Pacino . " Oh , yeah , I 'll take a flame-thrower to this plac ... " That 's enough . Tony , listen . Galan 's daughter 's been abducted by Zola . He 's using her to leverage intel . He 's got Senna ? He wants to know what Galan 's planning . This could potentially be helpful to us . He 's imposed an end of game deadline . - Do you know where she is ? - Somewhere in the stadium . We need you to help us figure out where . Me ? You know the layout , we don 't . Noah tracked her to a set of double doors directly below a weight room . Do you have any idea where that might lead ? I don 't know , I mean , there 's a kitchen down there somewhere , a couple of storerooms . Why , what 's your plan ? Target her position , get a team in place and let things play out . - Play out ? - I told you . If Galan gives in , this could be intel we could use . Zola could kill her regardless . - Not likely . - Look , I 've read his file . He 's boiled entire villages in oil for something to do . You have no idea what is or is not likely . - I 'm going to get her . - [ Phone beeps ] Bravo , stand down . Bravo , where the hell do you think you 're going ? Caesar 's cramping up . You 're going in . Didi says you 're ready . I 'm not so sure . Guess we 're about to find out who 's right . Now , get the hell in there . Riot down 2-nil , in the second half , but there 's a lot of time left . And , now , look at this . Tony Bravo , the rookie , who somewhat famously ended Gregor Zupon 's season during those Riot open tryouts , well he 's just entered the game . So , now , we 're gonna get to see the very first minutes in the career of the man that the people are calling " Matador . " Wakey , wakey , cinderella . Come on . What the ... Now , I see why the fans like him so much . This guy is a whirling dervish out there . He is throwing himself at anybody who comes his way . - [ Both grunt ] - [ Whistle blows ] What the hell is he doing ? He 's trying to get kicked out . That was an accident . Riot on the move , now . A nice cross into the box to Holester , who 's found his way through the defense . Oh , and a critical challenge there from Rodriguez , who 's been a constant Thorn in Holester 's side . Holester pleading his case . No booking , yet , from the ref . And hold on . Here comes Tony Bravo . What the hell , ref ? Try that shit on me , man . What did he do that for ? The Matador strikes again . And , now , we have a decision , folks . It is a red card for Tony Bravo . And after that display of old school enforcement , the Riot now find themselves down , not only 2-nil , but also down a man and it looks like the Terror have this one well in hand . I-I want to go home , now . [ Woman moaning ] [ All moaning ] I need to go to the bathroom . No . Please . Would you rather me go here ? It seems like a lot more work for you . Here you go . Funny . Big mistake . - [ Grunts ] - Ah ! Be alone with your thoughts . [ Sobs ] [ Sighs ] Your team is struggling . It 's a bad day all around for you . I have to admit , I misjudged you . That 's one thing we can agree on . I pegged you as simple . Seeking wealth above all else . But it 's not money that fuels your ambition , it 's power . You want to be a world player , but you cannot , without the proper connections , without the proper sponsorship . I can offer you this . So let 's just forget this whole misunderstanding ever happened . You bring me Senna and we can fulfill our earlier agreement and I can get you a seat at the table . And this is where I give you a slow clap , yes ? A generous offer , Andres , but I believe I can find my own seat . Time and coordinates . You have ten minutes . Tell the girl to prepare for pain . - Ricky . - Help me . Help me . Her father refuses to give me the coordinates , so I want you to put one in her leg . Maybe this will motivate him . And leave the camera on her . I want him to see it . Daddy , do some ... - [ Gunshot ] - [ Screams ] The next one goes through her head . Let her go . Give me what I want . I cannot . You can do whatever you want . You are Andres Galan . No , there are greater forces at work here . You don 't even know the coordinates , do you ? You are just a middleman . Galan 's not calling the shots . And , here , I thought I was sitting down with someone of importance . I would like a word with these greater forces . Get them on the phone . Come on , Galan , we are in the 83rd minute . I 'm bored . I don 't like this game . Your men are brutish and their play is ugly . If you don 't get me the information I seek , I will kill your daughter and make you watch . Make the call . [ Struggling ] Who 's there ? Who 's there ? Leave me alone ! Just leave me alone . [ Moaning ] Daddy . Do something , please , daddy . Help me . Help me ! Oh , my God , Tony . I 'm so glad you found me . How did you find me ? Uh , I heard you screaming . And my father thinks I don 't have a good voice . Oh , my God . Okay , come on . Come on . Let 's go . Galan , don 't do this . Hang up the phone . Hang up the phone . You wouldn 't be here if it wasn 't for him . Who 's he calling ? Whoever it is , we 're about two dial numbers away from getting their location . You die if you do this . - Better me than my daughter . - Both of you ! - Am I crazy , or was that ... - Galan 's body guard was threatening to kill him . He 's protecting someone . Seems you have dissension in your ranks , Galan . That 's your business . Just keep your weapon pointed downwind , boy . If that barrel swings my way , the girl dies instantly . Isn 't that right , Lubo ? [ Phone rings ] Yes . Bravo ? How are you calling on my daughter 's phone ? Now ! Put it in the books . This one goes to Austin . But maybe the most memorable thing to come out of this match , today , is the short-lived play of Tony " Matador " Bravo . What ? That cowboy shit you pulled may have worked for the DEA , but not here . You violated a direct order . Which could have cost us a vital piece of intel . You know if standing idly by while some girl 's life hangs in the balance is how you get your intel , then you suck at your jobs . Says a guy who got his Rosarito beach CI 's head chopped into sausage . My job is to get in close with Galan . Don 't you think that will be a little tough to do if his daughter 's killed ? Protocol says you follow the chain of command . Yeah , well you know where you can shove your protocol . Okay , shut up , both of you . Noah has a point . Who knows when we 'll get another opportunity like this ? I am the opportunity . Don 't you get that ? I saved his daughter 's life . That 's currency . Look , this is how it 's gonna go down . I 'm gonna go back to work tomorrow and I 'm gonna get you all the intel on Galan that you could ever want . You want to know why ? Because I get him . He might be a power-mad billionaire bent on world domination , but deep down he 's still a kid who survived the block just like me . So you two are going to have to figure out a way to trust me once in a while . See you tomorrow . Thank you . Dr. Eisen is on his way . So you can put another tracker in my tooth ? I 'm sorry . I should have told you about that , but it was for your own protection . Great job . It really fooled those guys , huh ? There are things afoot that you couldn 't possibly understand . I understand that if it wasn 't for Tony I 'd be dead . I appreciate what he did for you , but I think it 's best that you keep your distance from him . Right , because you think I 'm just going to sleep with him . No . Because I have a vision for Tony Bravo 's future ... And you don 't want to be in it . I 'm really sorry you had to see that . I don 't know what happened . When the guy plays dirty ... I just lost it all . You don 't have to apologize . But I do , I mean , I feel like I embarrassed all you guys . Here I am telling Cristina to keep herself in check and then I go and do that . You know , it 's not really Cristina you need to worry about . Right . How pissed was Ma ? You remember out eighth grade field trip to Griffith Park ? When we set off the sprinklers at the laser show ? - Mm-hmm . - That bad , huh ? [ Laughs ] Worse . Sup , bro ? What are you doing here , boy ? All right , and that 's my cue . No , no , no , no . I got it . You paid last time . Oh , all right . Well , I will see you boys . Way to go yesterday , Matador . Getting thrown out with that hard man shit . Building your brand will be good business for Bravo Enterprises . - Really ? - What ? You 're just not going to say anything ? I don 't know what you 're taking about , Bro . You playing hot dogs and donuts with two fan girls in the locker room . You saw that ? Yes , I saw that , right around the time I realized I didn 't have my key card . Gave them the Bravo Enterprises gold tour . You can 't be doing shit like that . You get caught . I get in trouble . You get charged for trespassing . You go back to jail . Then what ? No more Tony Bravo Enterprises . Do you get it ? Got it . Sorry . In my defense , they were super hot . And I 've been in jail , Bro . This shit gets old fast . Just as long as we 're clear . Crystal . No more dirty shit . [ Moanin ' by lambert Hendricks Ross Harry edison ] ♪ Every morning find me moaning ' ♪ ♪ Yes , lord ♪ ♪ ' Cause of all the trouble I see ♪ All you had to do was render a service and know your place . But you had to be ambitious . Not the best choice , was it ? What 's the matter , you don 't want to talk ? Oh . Too much ambition is a dangerous thing . Trust me , I know . Congratulations , you 've just been promoted . Now , get our men ready . ♪ Life 's a losing gamble to me ♪ ♪ yes , lord ♪
