 You see that guy ? That was me , Not so long ago . what kind of guy , without a drug or alcohol problem looks this way ? Only a writer . strangely enough , nobody believe that I actually had a book contract . He was disguised as a novel NF but it was actually my manifesto individuals in the 21 century . Creating a utopian society , where are all the ... It really is . ... It really is . A ... Today was the day , I gonna kick its ass Here we go ... its gonna be great . only need to invest time sitting in the room . That 's the key concept . Don 't leave the room ! A few weeks passed this way Maybe a few months . At least I still had Lindi . Just like that ? Come on , Eddie ... This is hardly a surprise . I 'm surprised . Let 's just not do this . I am gonna hand in 90 pages tomorrow or friday if you just wait to see what she says . - Eddie ! - What ? I know how it 's going . I am ... was your girlfriend . This word doesn 't even begin to describe what you are to me . Partner ? Squeeze ? Paramour . Inamorata Cleaning Lady . Bank . Even so .. what 's mine is yours too . and you know that I want to spend the rest of my life with you . - In fact , I was thinking , that we should probab ... - Don 't propose ! Why not ? Because it worked out so " well " for you last time . it 's true , I was married once , right out of college to melissa .. briefly . This isn 't working . Well even so , everything you said is true , I still love you . I gotta get back to work . You did not even tell me what happened . - I got it ! - You did ? Ye , I am an editor . I 'll have my own assistant . You believe that ? Yea , Of course I believe you . You deserve it . Thanks . She was right . Why stick it out . I had clearly missed my own chance . We both knew what was backing . The lower bunk of my childhood bedroom in Jersey . My Father happy to welcome me into the challenging field of dental supply inventory . Eddy Morer ! Of all the useless relationships better forgot and put away in mothballs Is there any more useless than the ex-brother in law ? - Holy Shit , man ! How long it 's been ? Nine years ? Are you okay ? You look like you livin ' on the street . What 's going on ? Not much . Ehmm , I am writing ... writing a lot Oh , you still trying to write ? In a matter of fact , I have a book contract - Really ? It 's great . - Yes . What abou you ? Still dealing ? - Do I look like I am still dealing ? - No , you don 't . Come on , let 's get a drink I wonna hear about this book . I don 't know , it 's two o 'clock in the afternoon . And when does that ever stopped you ? Well . - So ... . - How is Melissa doing ? - Here . - Thanks . I wouldn 't know , I don 't see you her . She moved upstate . She got some internet-home-sales kinda job . Couple of kids . Couple of kids ... Who is the husband ? He walked out on her , if you really wonna know . What do you care , man ? You were married for like five minutes . I don 't wonna talk about her . I want to talk about you . Tell me about this book . How 's it going ? Well it 's a ... . I am behind , I am behind on my book but I think about it every night and day - How much you already written of it ? - Not one word . - Creative problems , uhm ? - Yes . I suppose , I can help you with that . Just this once . No , no , no ... You do not even know what it is . - You Still dealing . - Brother , I am lightyears from that now . I 've been doing some consultung for a pharmaceutical company . No . This is an exclusive product This will be on the streets next year . Adopted by clinical tests and approved by the DMA . Just out of curiosity and that 's all ... Let me see . What 's its in it ? They have identified a receptor in the brain that trigger on a certain way . They say that we can use only 20 % of the brain . This pill allows access all of it . Vernon , look at me . You think I 'm stupid ? I am broken , depressed . I do not think it 's possible my life change for the better by taking a designed drug . Yes . When ? Tell him I can not do that . No . Do tell . No , now ! I 'm afraid I must leave you now . But I really do wonna do this again . Well ... call me . And that 's a present . I do not want it . Do not be ungrateful . You know how much it costs ? $ 800 Piece . You 're welcome . On the way home , I thought about Melissa . How can she be a failure too ? . She been so smart . Smarter than anyone around her Clearly , there is a connection between this Edi . Slightly drunk at three o 'clock and other things . vomiting on the boss ' desk or steal morphine of dying . So who can blame Linda for dumping me In the end , how moch worse can it get ? I don 't want to see anybody . Especially not my landlord 's nasty young wife - Valerie , on Tuesday ... - Enough , enough ! Steve handles the rent , so you can fed your crap to him ! I suddenly had extra reason to get away from her . I had thoughtlessly ingested a substance . Pay the damn rent ! I got remarkably little information from Veron about what this drug would do . you can even be a biker messanger and come up with that . What if it 's a hallucinogen ? . It 's pathetic ! Oh My God ! Listening to her right when I was triping , I would jump out of the window If you let me work , I 'll throw it out the window . Are you listening to me ? Do you get it ? You gonna be out on the streets ! And then I felt it . I was blind , but now I see . - What 's wrong ? - What ? You do not like me and I dont blame you . You think I am a loser , who doesn 't pay his rent and is sponging out your husband . You whishing I blow my brain out . but my existence shouldn 't make you this upset - What is it ? - That 's none of your business ! Something wrong in Law school ? How do you know I am in law school ? People normally not carrying around dry concipated academical books about a dead supreme court justice . You are a creep ! You been following me No , I just noticed the book . You saw only a corner . How did you know that ? I 've seen it before . 12 years ago in college . sitting on the couch and wanted to make ... ( sex ) . I was waiting for her coming out of the bathroom , hoping she 'd have a condom . Somehow , my subconscious has served this up . A memory I wouldn 't even recorded . It was there the whole time and I all I need was the access If you writing a paper , thats not the book I 'd use . Who asked you ? Hasting has its own history , I 'd start there . Interesting point , this guy is an idiot what gives credibility to the theory that one of the clerks , he has fire actually he wrote most of this guy 's majoir opinions . If you ask his children on the internet , they will confirm it . So you have something that no one has ... information from the broadcast , half read article it was all bubbling up in a cocktail of useful information . She didn 't have a chance . So , what are your suggestions ? We worked on her paper too . In 45 minutes , it was a masterpice . She was pleased . Home ... , but it couldn 't be my home , could it ! ? Who would live like this ? first thought was to burn everything . However , sanity prevailed . What was this drug ? I couldn 't stay messy on it I hadn 't had a cigarette in 6 hours , and ate nothing as well ? I am steamiest and tidy What was this ? A drug for people , who wonna be more heino retentive ? I wasn 't high , I wasn 't wired I am just clear , I know what I needed to do , and how to do it The next morning , I send a little probe down into my brain . No signs of brilliance came up ... In short , I was back . But something remained - Are you kidding . - No - Words have appeared on paper ... - Yes . - Written by you ? - All I ask you to do , is to read 3 pages Just read 3 Pages in the next hour . and if you don 't want to keep reading , I give you back the advance . OK , Eddie . Eddie , give me a call , when you get in . Eddie , I am 40 pages further in . call me . This is a little strange , but I am still reading . Ok , how did you do this ? I am really ... call me the minute , when you get it ! - Who is it ? - Vernon , its Eddie . - Eddie who ? - Morra . not a good time , Eddie . Hey Vern , I just really need to talk to you . - Vern , what happened ? - Do not worry , I 'm fine . So , Eddie , you are interested after all . The stuff is amazing . Works better , if you are already smart . - Vernon , who did this to you ? - Trust me , you do not want to know . - And how is this thing called ? - Still no name on the street . However , boys in the kitchen , are calling it NZT-48 . Boys from the " kitchen " ? Doesn 't sound very FDA approved . FDA-approved . That 's a lie . You didn 't believe this shit , did you ? OK , what we have here , some unknown , untested , possibly dangerous drug scammed out of some unidentifed lab somewhere . given to me by a highly unrealible guy I hadn 't seen in years - So do you want more ? - Yes . Absolutely . OK , we 'll talk about it . But I need a favour first . Obviously , I am in no condition to go out right now So I was wondering if you could pop down at drycleaners and grab my suit for me And maybe grab a little breakfast for us . He knew , he had me . Sure . From now on , I 'd be happily be his errand boy . Wash his windows , scrab his toilets . Anything I can do , to get my hands on this little clear pill that would bring back ... enchanced Eddie . Vern ? Vern ? 911th What do you have for an emergency Hi , I need to report a ... . murder 7B , yes . OK on our way . It took them forever . And the longer I stood there , the clearer I saw Vern had know , whoever had done this And one guess , what they have been looking for But have they found it ? Shit . If I 'd be a cook , I 'd dead now as well . Police ! Please open . Police ! Open the door ! Please open ! Police ! Open the door ! Open the door ! - Hands up ! - I called you guys ! So you guys been tight ? Hang out a lot ? He is the brother of my ex-wife . I met him on the street and he asked me to come up . - To buy drugs ? - No ! What ? - What did this guy do ? - I do not know . He was ... He is a trader . - Trader ? - Yes . Antiques . chairs and other things . Of those with a curved wooden legs . Yes ? Exactly . Edward Morra . Here it is . The victim 's sister . I haven 't heard her voice more than ten years . - Edi - Melissa You were there ? I met him earlier , on the street.yea Oh my God I wish , I was more surprised , he was involved in some stuff . I think it 's better not to say more . Yea , maybe you are right . So we should probably meet or something , right ... I don 't . I have to organize funeral and everything else ... We can 't meet , ok ? Ok , I guess I see you at the funeral then .. No ! I don 't want that . I call you at the point when this is over OK . Bye Something is not clear here . Give me your phone number . Maybe I contact you later . Worth the risk ? What would you do ? Vern 's cash , combined with an strong motivation enabled me to finish the book in 4 days one pill a day , and the possibilities are unlimited . In three days I have learned to play the piano . Math became useful And fun ... All in . Even half listing to any language , had became fluid . So Shakespeare empower mediocrity ? I like to discuss . Thiswas great . Helen has been documented on tumors . And it is clear that someone has this disease stomaènu to combine Platinum base drugs ciclopentane acid . Suddenly , I suddenly knew everything about everything . Of course , there is a temporary increase , but then the collapse of the action is complete after two years . No , cause there are safeguards . Against the aggressive expansion ? There aren 't . Human nature does not provide protection . We are wired to overreach . See all countries which have dominated the world . Portugal with his big massive navy . All they got now are socks and cheap condoms . Or the British in their costumes . Nobody thinks : hey we are doing pretty well . We got friends , we got home , we got a big swiss bank account " Let 's not invade Russia in winter . Let 's go home , let 's pop a beer " Yes . My brain was full of such things . Everything I 've ever read , heard , seen was now organized and availible here it is , here you go Eddie ! I 'm sure you have a portfolio but if not , I 'd be very interested working with you Good , Kevin . I made new friends who invited me to the beach . The beach ... was not nearby . All my fear , all my shyness ... . gone But it was not enough for me to relax . only problem , if I wasn 't moving forward I felt like I was going to explode - Anybody ever jumped ? - Are you crazy ? - He is gonna do it . - No , he is not gonna do it . God ! Then I began to form an idea . Suddenly , I knew exactly What should I do . It was not writing . No books . It was much bigger than that But it will take money to get there . In the stock market , nobody was making much . But no one had NZT . With Vern 's last 800 Dollars , I earned $ 2,000 a day . Next days , 7500 It was too slow I 'd need more capital . Bank did not credit guys like me . He is in the corner behind you . Liv Thi told you that I want to do short-term loan ? Yes , and I said - forget it . Why ? Because I never seen you before and I don 't like you already Why would I give you $ 100,000 Dollars ? Because I quintuple my money 4 days in a row . - So you got a fix on the game ? - No , not a fix . I made some calculations . If you look at the fourth column , This was the first ... You 're good . Ok , its a fix . Yea , but when you get caught , what you gonna do then ? Well it 's not as I if have a black book with your name in it and besides , I get the strong feeling , that you are someone . I don 't want to disappoint Do not get up . I said sit ! Ok , you take this , and you are mine Understand ? If you don 't pay , you know what we are doing ? I know what will happen . I cut you at waist , peel your skin up over your head and tie a knot in it You dont 't die from this , You suffocate Good luck . My new friend , Kevin Doyle , He showed me how I can get . two and a half your cash at daytrading firm I been raising the dose for over a week . It seemd to cut my learning curve . Why you buying this ? The CBO ist just being indicted But not for the big fat defensive contract he bribed into That 's still on It should be announced next week I was jacked in , booted up . At the end of week , My brokerage account . contained over two million dollars . This news quickly spread . You have 19 messages . four job offers , My bank gives huge credit limit reporter from the New York Post ... No one makes money so fast Article will be published with or without you . And finally , Kevin Doyle , trying to sound casual . Edi , I talked with my boss and the miracle happened . But we got you a meeting with Karl van Loon . Karl van Loon wants to meet you ? So it looks like . But you are not in the finance game ? What can you do for Karl van Loon ? Since when do you speak italian ? All has changed for the better . I guess , someone gave me a wakeup call . - I hope you didn 't do it for me . - No , I just wanted to apologize to you . And let you know , that my capacity for self-sabotage wasn 't boundless after all . The real question ist , why did you ever put up with me ? I was in love with you . - So when does the book come out ? - Next year . How is your new assistant ? Good . - I 'm glad you 're here with me . I 'm proud of you . I. .. And a little intimidated . And again we started her place . my place . basiclly everywhere . " For three days of transactions , Mr. Morra unidentified banker " " In amazing 3 days of trading , the unknown Mr. Morer trumped the market , prompting one top manger to comment : " " He is Houdini , he is a prophet of our times . " OK , give me that . - He is god ! ? - You coming later ? I can 't . I don 't have a key . Oh that 's right . Can I have it back ? - No - No ? I mean , does it have to be that key ? Can it be a new key ? From our apartment . It 'll be cost-effective . And you say I am not practical . Can I walk you to work ? What are you doing , honey ? Nothing . You should sleep . Isn 't your Van Loon meeting tomorrow ? Edi ? Are you okay ? What are you doing here ? When is the last time you ate something ? Here it is . Nice Article on the post . He is on his way . Now be warned , he is mercurial . One minute your best friend , the next you are dirt . And he needs direct answers . One mistake , and you have lost him forever . I think we should act out some scenarios . I am eating , Kevin . Are you ready for this ? Are you sure ? Because I am on the line here . Get yourself some toast . Hi , Karl . Glad to see you . Hi , Eddie . So , Eddie Morra , What is your secret ? Medication . I am taking special medication . Well . There is a formula with a complex method , but of course research was a component , massive research I know absolutely everything , every move The companies that I bought . Papers stack up like the Himalaya in my office . And you know what ? - The stocks went up . - by a hair . Of course , shares have risen But who wants to do all this work for a shitty little optic ? Thats not the grow people expect from a short-time holding So I dispensed with the hard statics and went through to rumor mails So your investments are based on the tom-tom industry ? Sure.The shareprice is not really basing how a company works its about how mass psychology works So , if I found certail algorithms to predict how stocks grow ... Pattery-ignition , that 's how your system works . Well , no everyone understands the patterns . That does also play a role but it 's a cheap trick , so I went to door number 3 You really implying that it 's some sort of ultimate formula ? He went from 12,000 to 2.3 million in ten days . I have a formula , Mr. Pierce . delusion of grandeur I have no delusion of grandeur I have a recipe for grandeur . I do not know who you are , Edi and what are you doing , But I know one thing , you do not work in my world . I was surrounded by investors and you have no lines which shows the pride and fear . Not that I would say that I love more your style , but it is obvious that choosing the stocks As no one did . View this company and tell me what you think . - Now ? - Yes . Do not rush . Of course . This companies aren 't the quest , eh ? Explain . Unless you playing both sides of the fence . control the whole power adds a lot ... But no of these companies wont get you there in a merge You would have ... Oh wow , this must be a big-ass merger you planing And there is only one company which could justify the merger with Van Loon and associations . Who you have been talking to ? Oh , I am just connacting the dots . Is Hank really gonna go for it ? Whether you are a impostor or a very smart young man ... . The two of you together ... The whole world have to come begging for energy like oliver twist for a plate of soup . Now you going backwards . What else you got ? Prediction . - It won 't come off . - Why ? - You have to back off lybia Really ? But , you dont want here this in a car ... . OK , I 'll give you a chance . Meet me tomorrow at 10 again And tell me what you mean - And you better be ready . - I am to your disposal . You do not really live here , do you ? Well , the spartans didn 't need comfort as well . Yea , and they got their asses kicked . I didn 't go in . I wanted to walk , move , digest , ingest There are moments in life moments , when you know , if you crossed the bridge , you old life is over . van Loon was my bridge . Finally I had my shot . Wall Street would be my steppingstone but how far can I go ? CBO ? A global force ? Maybe even president . about time , somebody shocked the free world and got the things done . Suddenly , there was another skip . How have I gone the last 20 blocks ? I walked another 10 blocks ... and the I was way up town . Watch out ! a fight ? I do not know how to fight . or do I ? Set her fingers in her mouth . attack vital Taek . Eyes , neck , intestines . Whatever you do , do not end . Cut out the balance of your attacker . disrupt the balance . Use the focus of your body . What bar was this ? When it finally stopped I couldn 't account for the last 18 hours in my life Hello , this is me . I thought that you come to me . Is everything okay ? Call me when you come home . Even off NZT , I have decided to look at the cases of van Loon . they were hieroglyphics . - Hello ? - Kevin , Eddie 's . Listen , I can 't make the meeting today . What you talking about ? I can not come today . I 'm sick . You can 't stop right now . This is a unique opportunity in life . I know . Listen to me ... I looked all this . What did you do all day ? Kevin , I ... Do not you understand ? This is a test . Yes . And I won 't pass the test right now . Shh ... . - I know . Listen ... - Listen to me , pull yourself together and come to the meeting pull yourself together and come to the meeting Well . I will come . - Hello . How are you , Eddie ? - It is nice to see you again . Sit . - What do you know about Henk Atvud ? - Atvood ... He is an iconoclast . He owns half of colardo This is prepare , Eddy ? This is a course on Atvud ? I do not know everything about him ? Where was he two years ago ? Nowhere . Two years ago , he wasn 't even on forbe 's radar . This is a huge leap forward , is not it ? This guy amazed me ... Comes out of nowhere , so strong ... has been on the run , before I could even talk to anybody in his camp beats me out of two properties , best companies in the north ... We are in the front of the hotel where a woman identified as Maria Vinberg , found dead last night in the room . Police interrogated for several hours Employees at the hotel . witness saw a man together with the victim . How can we convince him to be in this game ? What do you think ? I guess you 're not one of those guys Eddy we lose you , if there 's a screen in the room ? There are tectonic plates which are shifting right under us . Excuse me . Is it possible ? Did I kill someone . Was is it even me ? Edi ? This is Melissa .. Did Veron give you something ? Since these things are dangerous . Melissa ? Can we meet somewhere I have to talk to you we talking now . No , let meet at Billys on afternoon . Edi , I can 't . Please , come . This is important . I really need to know what you talking about I realized , that there were other people , who I might now about NZT . Vernon 's other clients . Hello . Can I talk to Jerry Braden ? Jerry is in hospital .. - What is it ? - Yea , he is not doing well at all Hello . Paul Kaplan is there ? . It is not . Paul died three days ago God ! Sorry . He started getting headaches , then he collapsed at work . He is in intensive care unit now . Wish him all the best . Thanks . Of all these I called three were dead , and the rest were sick . Hello Hello ? Go ! GOO ! - Edi . - Melissa . Do not tell me that I look good , Because I know . I did not want to see me this way . You look good . Yes , I managed to fix my life . NZT did this to you .. - What do you mean ? - I took it too . - Vernie didn 't tell you this , did he - No When we he told me about this new drug I was like down the hedge and it is really unbelievable . I read the Elegant Universe Brian Green , in 45 minutes and I understand everything . My productivity has increased the sharply overnight . And my boss started to hate me They offered me his job . Then I got scared . - Why ? Because I am not stupid Bacause nobody can operate at that level of mental acitivity and not crush . I stopped taking it . - So ? - I got sick . Headaches , sicknes So I went back to Veron he talked me about alle the people , who diead - How much you been taking Eddie ? - It took only a lot . Maybe they fixed the bugs . Maybe it 's different series . Yes . - You off it right now , aren 't you ? - Just finish the story . I didn 't take anymore and I didn 't die After a time I realized that I can 't concentrate on to anything longer than 10 minutes And everything runs slower That was two years ago . I haven 't been the same since . You have some pills left ? That 's good . You go home and take it , reduce the dose , don 't just stop , you die , if you just stop ! Reduce the dose Otherwise , the headaches are just beginning . I have to go . - Do you know who produces them ? - I do not know . I have to go . Shit ! Listen to me ... - Have you forgotten me ? - No 12 : 00 and you were here ! - I am here now . - Okay . - Come forward . - Can I write to tell you eek . Check ! Are you crazy ? What do you think I am , financial institutions ? You 're right . Simply empty the bank . What pushed you out there ? - What is it ? - It 's just aspirin . I have not seen such aspirin . This is a good thing , right ? I feel good man , what 's in this stuff ? These are the vitamins with aspirin . Holy shit Eddie ... Lindi , he is not allowed to enter , but I could not stop him . - Tyler , I have to go . - I 'm sick . Sorry ! I couldn 't make it home . - You go to the hospital . - Do not ... I want you to do something for me . I need my pills . - Eddie , what kind of pills ? - Honey , it 's complicated . Are you on drugs ? I had no choice . I told Lindi everything So all these energy , this focus of your 's has been a drug ? I thought it was approved . I have a supply stash . - You want me to go get it . - No , I 'm going . Give me your keys . I go to the apartment . Not in my apartment . I moved them . Well . Where to ? In my house . Incredibly ! - You took them ? - Yes . Someone follows me . - Are you sure ? - Yes . The taxi I was back with and follows me wherever I turn . Honey , call the police . Can you got around him ? - What happened - We stopped He is getting out ... Eddie , he is walking over here . Lindi ... God ! Help ! This man is chasing me . He followed me from my building . I don 't know him . Please ! Leave her alone . Are you deaf ? I said , leave her alone ! Buddy , are you trying to piss me off ? What are you doing , man ? - May you 're here ? - Stop with the stories and not move . - He killed two guys - What ? - He 's gonna kill me ! - No , no , no ... Can you see him ? No , not yet . I do not know what to do . I want to open the bag and take one of those pills . Why ? because after 'll make the right steps to protect He has a knife , Edi . I can 't think my way out of a knife . The pill will take effect in 30 seconds and you 'll be able to think your way out Acts Linda , I love you . Now get back to me . What happened ? Well , you are . Edi sticks . Everything will be fine . need to move away . Are you okay ? Yes . I 'm so sorry for everything that happened . I want you to know you that you 'll never ever have to go thourgh this again Cause I can take care of us now . I 'm sure you can . We 'll be safe . I have returned . - Who has returned Edi ? - Me .. No ! It 's not you You were different before . - I am still the same person . - I wasn 't when I was on it . Did things that I would never do . Those things saved your life . - But not me . - Yes . You know how it goes ... I know how it goes . I get it , I totally get it. you fell invincible . It will take us , where you can 't even imagine The things we will be able to do What will it do for us . Where we will be in a year from now The kind of life we finally be able to live Well , you might have to live it without me . I 'll stop taking them . There are just things I need to do to keep us safe and then set us up And then I gonna get off it ... That 's the plan . I have a plan . I swear I 'm gonna get off it . OK I hope you do Looking for me ? You think you can run away from me ? You think , I don 't know who you are ? I was under the impression , our business is finished . Well I wish some more of this stuff , or I shoot you right here . And take a pic . I could not get rid of this guy . A few pills would buy me some time - Here it is . We 're done . - We 'll see . Until I found a more ... . permanent solution . Unless you see a real threat I never wonna know , that I have any security You 'll always be behind me to five meters . Never stand to close together , I wonna be able to look behind me if the opportunity persents itself . And don 't wear the same color of suit This isn 't the matrix ! You have to know Eddie , I wrote you up . - I was sick . - You don 't get sick YOu playing at this level , you get hit by a car you don 't even die . - You 're absolutely right . - I know I 'm right . I mean , I didn 't know who or what I was talking to . 40 degrees temperature so it was when we talked last - I sent the revised forecast . - I didn 't ask you to ... I know , but I think If you look at them ... I did this already . In fact , I fired some people because of your forecasts . - I 'm sorry . - No , you 're not . You reliefed , that you know things , my team has missed . One minute , one moment ... That 's not true ? After two months of taking NZT i was brokering the biggest corporate merger in history . Ironically , here we strike . It increases by 200 % Estimated percentage . And it makes us all happy . I found out that if I take the same dose remember to eat drink no alcohol the blackouts didn 't occur Tom is it possible to construct a secret pocket ? - On this ? - In all of them . Certainly , sir . My Supplies is now safe , I had to take care that it doesn 't run out . I can combine these ingredients in the same relation , but the reaction on the brain ... was pure luck . - Meaning ? - Needs clinical experiments. guinea pigs , peopla . It would take too long . This is the situation . Otherwise , it can kill someone . You need 12-18 months I 'll give you two million dollars If you can to it in 6 It could cost you 30 % . Execuse me for one sec I thought we straightend this up , detective . This isn 't about Veron again , Mr. Morra . And what is this about ? The suspect in the case of Vinberg Is this person . Tell me where have you been 2nd night April ? I couldn 't keep this quite on my own Brant Morris , the most lethal lawyer in New York . You are lucky , somebody wiped the room . In the best case , These are unconvincing evidence . - Between you and me , you were there ? - I don 't remember . I do not want to make concessions to you ... Karl van Loon and Henk Atvud they had no idea that I could soon be charged of murder . Ali and Dina CiCorps are jacking for the same industrial concession in lybia both of our companies are pretending , we are not sniffing out . How do you know that ? The govermental bribes system is itself corrupt anything can be bought easily Continue . If you look at the chart in 2008 , left , five companies were jacking for premission before we even took notice . Jesus , he looks sick . - It may be fake . - He is not even 60 . So have you decided , Eddie what you gonna do When this is over ? I do not know . - You didn 't give me the answer . - I gave you an extra question . Given the skill and my contribution , let 's say 45 $ 45,000 ? 40 million is a lot of money . You know , Eddie , you might think that you will not work for me anymore . It was a useful experience . I hope so . I hope that does not mean you have enough of me . Armed to the next ... Well , in order for a career to evolve , I have to move on . And that you even think that , shows me you won 't be prepared to be on your own . I mean , you do know , you 're a freak . Your way is a gift from God or luck or biological heritage . A gift. not earned . You do not know what I know , because you have not earned those powers . You 'll kill us with those powers . You throw them around like a child You did not have to climb up an uneven path . You have not collected the funds . you haven 't married the girl with the right father You think you can go over all this . You haven 't bribed , charmed or threaten your way to sit at this table . You never experienced competition , because you never competed Don 't make me your competition . Now I 'll open up a line of credit for you So you can buy a few " toys " . hotel rooms were no longer an option . What I needed , was a bunker . The building was constructed in a safe , central control , armored doors with air lock . This is a unique security system . Fortress with a hell of a view . - What is the asking price ? - 8.5 million . I 'll take it . Right away , it was obvious , he was on NZT Next week , I gonna need 20 pills . Next week , you can go , fuck yourself . Not that you feel anything . I don 't think , your forbes 500 finacial friends would appreciate your little dilemma with the police Tuesday , I am gonna need the pills here . Getting smarter ... Obviously , this can not go on But there is very little on this earth that 40 million dollars can 't solve tomorrow at 9 : 00 , Atvud would sign the papers . Do you wonna call it ? - Struchil ? - Could have at least let us know . - Any calls ? - I call again , sir . Changing his decision wouldn 't make any sense . It 's still on . Basing on your charts and forecasts ? Maybe you remind me , who are you anyway ? Sorry , Karl , this guy is pissing me off - Because the ... - Dunham , okay ! Sorry . Mr. Van Loon , Missis Atvud waiting for you at your office Mrs. Atvud are : Karl van Loon . My associate , Mr Morra . Nice . - I want this to be as confidental as possible . - Sure . My husband has had pain this morning in hospital . He is now in hospital , where he analyzed . I just want you to know that he wants to sign the contract . And as soon as he is able , we will continue . I realize that this is a useless platitude , # but if there is anything we can do dont 't hesitate to tells us . We want to provide you with any help , ma 'am Atvud . Thank you , gentlemen . I relay on your discertion . Could be a trick ... a person like him giving away power ... ? Hope he will get better . But Atvud wouldn 't get better because Atvud was out on NZT Why does this not surprise me ? I wonder how many other successful people might be explained by NZT ? At least I had some . My life wasn 't in jeopardy My life wasn 't in jeopardy only my money. and my liberty I 've been all over them . We can not allow any disparity in race or physical type between you and the rest of the suspects . they look like your clones It 's like impossible to recognize you . Who was out there ? woman 's husband hotel maid Was this how it 's going to end ? / i No clue. he contradicted himself . " He was the third from the right side . Oh no . " Here you go . This thing is a beauty . custom-made ? Yes . Connecting speculation Henk van Loon associations and Atvud are negotiating about a merge . Have you talked with someone ? I did not speak for or with whom , Karl . I 'm not stupid ! I know that you 're not stupid but don 't make the classic smart person 's mistake . Do you think that there is none smarter than you . Where the hell have you been ? This is the second time and the disappearance . I took a cup of coffee . Why ? It is something wrong ? Yes , something happened . Atvud is in a coma . He wasn 't playing us , he is dying . What do you know about this ? I had fewer answers than usually . I noticed , that I was overdue to take my NZT . The pain was starting behind my eyes . Excuse me . You are not excused . Your employees aren 't allowed to take a piss , Karl ? ! ? It was Brant , or someone else the police station , cloakroom Mr Morra ... Mr Morra ! You have received a package . I ask you again , Eddie . What do you know about this ? - About the leak ? - No , about Atvud . What about Atvudu ? You got a long way to go as a liar Karl , I do not know what .. Listen , what you about to say is bullshit ! There is something you hiding from me , I smell it on you ! Right now , I want to know what shit is going on ! Edi ! Today , near the Lennox Hill Hospital , more twisting terms about van Loon - Atvud merger There is absolutely . no truth to the rumor of this merger . My husband is having tests and it 's a difficult time would be grateful if you would put remaining question for our lawyers . have nothing to tell at this point . we are waiting for test results and hopefully that will be good . Eddie , I know you 're there . Come forth . Come on ! Open the door . And so , here I am . I knew that they will kill me slowly and horribly . But this choice would at least be mine But we are creatures we wonna live I want to live . so my foggy brain tried to remember where a pill of nzt might be it was possible . and possible was enough Hi , Eddie . You know , I want more , so why would you upset me ? I don 't like being dumped of this last one You do not even know how to use it . I have dissolved a solution . If you inject it . it goes right into the blood and brain So it lasts longer . Are you gonna tell me where the rest is ? No , probably not . Check . YOu know , this guys are gonna find it ... Or I gonna make you tell me The question is , which is gonna come first . I guess , we 'll find out . This is a waste of my time , you know . And I am getting out of this side of the business and starting import-export company . I found preduzeæe very exiting stuff . I got a lot on my plate , you 're lucky I am here . Found a safe here ! Back in the old times . I might peel your skin back , flay you . Flay . That 's a nice word , I didn 't notice before . I had such a poor vocabulary . But then I discovered this thing : Google . Did you know that the colon is 20 foot long ? I had no idea , I don 't believe it . I gotta see this for myself . I am dubios . Anyway ... I am sure you 're curious too . Do not worry , everything is sterilized . I gonna keep you alive for the whole fun . You gonna get a reserved place in front , baby ! not much of a try and fuzzy . because I would die here too . only NZT could help me and the last one was in this pug 's bloodstream . Viktor ! What ? I do not see anything ! He is on the right ! Shoot ! Viktor ? police will think later that the former owner of the apartment was an arms dealer . of course with some disstatisfied clients and the night was still young I 'm sure you 're curious to know What happened to your boss . I certainly am . If my lawyer tried to save the life of Mr. Atvuda , Why did he die ? When he wanted to appear with the needed medication ? his boss was dead . So I didn 't matter now . But he didn 't appreciate that Brant Moris had kept the pills for himself and it was all still possible after 12 months Actually there 're no more tickets . Yes , we are overbooked but I 'll try . just a second ? . Come now . To ask him . It is much better . Great job ! Edward ... I think we have a new event A wave of donations is coming in . And all are just happy to keep their money . Great . Wait . A guy from Iven Camcorps in your office . I 'm going to lunch . You have two minutes yet for your main sponsor ? - Iven Camcorps pharmaceuticals ? - Yes . Finally meet the guy , who keeps the lights on . - Karl ? - Mr. Morra . what a surprise ! They told me that someone comes from Iven ... Yes , thats me now . I am moving out of the energy business . Come on ! That 's like Hefner moving out of the mansion . I bought Iven several months ago . I 'm surprised you have not heard . Well ... I am very busy here . That 's gonna pay off Senator Morra . Senate ... Who knows ? Anything is possible from here , isn 't it , Eddi ? I think we both know where it 's heading if you can maintain Have you asked yourself , what you gonna do , when you run out ? - When did you know ? - Does it matter ? I know now . I wish you 'd come to me at first , Edi . I could have bought Iven at 33 a share . We could have been partners . So Iven makes NZT . We it 'll never officially exist . Obviously , I don 't need to point out the advantages for you .. Oh I think , maybe you do . Unlimited supply . We know , you can 't get anymore . Are you sure ? I closed the lab this morning . Eddie , I just want to help you . Keep your supply . Let us be silent . To summarize . In return I do what ? A little advice maybe , I won 't be bothering much at first . What would bother me later ? We have some ambitious ideas , We think that this is possible . - And if I don 't like your ideas ? - Then , say goodbye . and your candle will shatter with a brief but lovely light . But let 's not go there right now . For now , I want to keep you brillant and healthy . Come on , let 's go get some lunch . After you , Senator . Thank you for coming here , Karl . Give us a second . What are you doing ? You want to be president United States of America Or braindead , stuck full of tubes ? I 'll take my chances . I told you , there are no chances . We have shut down your lab . Don 't you think the smartass who created NZT might have 3 , 4 other labs ? - So what . You 're not making anymore . - Exactly . I got something better . See once you know what 's in it you can tweak , re-engineer , elimate the bugs . I am off it , Karl . Even so , there is no scenario you are not gonna work for me . How you gonna pay me ? In cigarettes ? - Last year you traded insider information 17 times . - You threating me ? Illegal business in Dubai and Chile , disappeared officals Do you want a war with me ? And believe me when I say this I am not even being creative . There 's nowhere where you can make accusations like that and walk out alive That shows me , you are not prepared to fight me . - You are not longer equipt to fighe me . - Do you think I didn 't learn anything ? My story does not mention you on it ? - You have no idea , what enemy I am ... - Truck will hit the taxi . What ? The driver writes a text message and go 80 km per hour . He must have points with braking at 18 meters from a taxi ! I see it all , Karl . I 'm 50 steps ahead of you and ahead of all others . What do you think I already watched ! How do you know that you will be alive next year this time ? . What are you doing ? Prone hands off me ! Heart is pumping with half power Walls of your heart are dilated . Aorta is in motion . Soon you need this replaced . You already knew this . You should be glad about this . Cause me working for me , you 'll end up as my bitch . Maybe we should cool of and talk again I think not . Don 't forget to vote . - Edward , everything is fine ? - Yes . I said that I eat . - I am sorry . - Okay . - How are you ? - I have had better days . I still can 't get used to this haircut . I wouldn 't even recognize you on the street . Now I am another person . I already ordered . What ?
