 Tony Bravo . Reyna Flores . You got a few minutes ? For an interview . How do you feel about what happened in Nicaragua ? Because if you can handle these foreys into the unknown , maybe I can use you . So I looked into that artifact Galan was bidding on a month ago , and it came from somewhere in eastern Nicaragua . and this one overlaps with Galan 's new coca field . Did you get what you wanted out of the trip , Mr. Galan ? Yes , I did . Bulldozers , they 're starting to dig . [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Speaking Spanish ] _ And so it begins . [ Gunshot ] Ahh ! Shit ! Bravo goes balls deep . Just trying out headlines . It 's a habit . You know , I got one for you . " Sideline reporter banned from Riot practice field . " I don 't get you , Bravo . Most players would kill for a TV profile . Why are you ducking me ? I 'm not ducking . I 've just been busy , you know . I heard . Nicaragua , right ? What do you know about it ? Not enough , but you could fix that over a cup of coffee . Your story is going to come out , Tony . The only question is how much control you get to have over it . I can help . Use me . Yeah , I appreciate the offer , but I 've been told all interview requests need to go through my agent . [ News report in background ] So Galan actually handed him the keys to a new Camaro just as a thank-you ? Yeah , all three players got one . Wow , that 's a nice perk . Makes me almost wish I was back in the field myself . - You ever play soccer ? - In Minneapolis . Either you played hockey , or you stayed home and played with yourself . What ? You 've used that line before , you know . What line ? Minneapolis . Is it even real , or are you just following some script ? Annie ... [ Phone ringing ] Yeah ? Hey , we got movement in Nicaragua . Looks like they hit pay dirt . They 're bringing up all kinds of artifacts from the site . What do they look like ? I 'm trying to grab stills , but the detail isn 't there . [ Whispers ] Grab that . What about Galan 's Sat network ? Anyone talking about the dig ? Yeah , that 's the bad news . The network 's gone dark . - When ? - Early this morning . Galan 's people finally rotated the codes , I guess . Truth is , we were lucky to stay up on it for as long as we did . All right . Call Tony . Loop him in . I 'll update the director . Nicaragua . Looks like they found what they were digging for . Which is ? Why don 't you tell me ? You knew from the beginning that 's why Galan wanted that field . No , I did not . I assumed just like you did that Galan 's endgame had nothing to do with drugs . [ Sighs ] Annie . I need you to trust me . They already killed one of my assets . I won 't have another one go down because I 'm not getting all the intel that I need . So how much of this stuff are we talking about ? Uh-huh . Any idea where they 're taking it ? So that 's what this whole thing was about ? No , it 's just ... I mean , what 's so important about a bunch of buried ... I 'm gonna call you back , Mom . And how is your mother , Tony ? She 's good , you know . She talks my ear off . Did we have an appointment ? No . No , sorry . I asked your manager to let me in rather than loiter outside and draw attention . Please , Tony , sit down . There 's something I 'd like to discuss with you . What can I do for you , Mr. Galan ? You can tell me what this is . Galan keeps a model car on his desk . This is a bug that we 'd like you to place on it . [ Latin rock music ] ♪ ♪ Uh ... Is this a trick question ? Looks like a piece of some toy . It 's a bug . A cleverly designed listening device placed in my office . Really ? How 'd it get there ? It was planted there , obviously . Right , obviously . Aren 't you curious who I think might have put it there ? Oh , I don 't think that 's any of my business , sir . I have many enemies , Tony . People who would love to know my every move . And it is in the interest of vigilance that I must assume this is not their only means of surveillance . It may sound a little paranoid , but that 's how I got to where I am . I never take chances , ever , and I can 't take one now . What 's that ? It 's a delivery I 'd like you to make . I need someone outside my circle , someone less apt to be under surveillance to do it . What 's in it ? A consulting fee . Who 's the consultant ? In light of the current climate , I think it 's best for you not to know those details . There 's an address enclosed along with $ 50,000 in cash . If you 're asked for any identification , say you 're with the Voyager Club . If you have any difficulties , you can reach me on this . Burner phone . Guess that 's ' cause of the current climate too , huh ? Exactly . Will you do this for me , Tony ? Absolutely , sir . [ Sighs ] Well , now we know why Galan 's communications went dark . If he 's having you use burner phones and run his errands , that bug must have really spooked him . Yeah , that 's great news . Unless the errand is me walking into a setup . Not likely . Address shows a lease in the name of Haik Katoyan . He was a USC grad student up until five months ago . 29 , single , mediocre credit . Picked up on misdemeanor drug charge back in ' 04 . Other than that , he seems pretty vanilla . So what 's a guy like that doing picking up 50 grand from Galan ? Good question . Get an answer . I 'll do what I can . We might have another problem though . - What 's that ? - Not what , who . Reyna Flores , she rolled up on me again this morning . Reyna Flores , what I wouldn 't give . I wouldn 't worry about her , Tony . She 's just a reporter . Well , she knows about Nicaragua . Can I worry now ? You just focus on Katoyan . I 'll take care of Reyna Flores . [ Phone ringing ] - Hello ? - Reyna Flores ? Anne Spencer , Tony Bravo 's agent . I think you 've been expecting my call ? Yes , thanks for reaching out . Ah , it 's my pleasure . We 're excited about the opportunity for Tony to sit down with you . Funny , Tony doesn 't seem very excited about it . Well , this is all new to him . He 's a very private person . He doesn 't want to say anything that might embarrass himself or his family . I can understand that . So I just want to lay out some ground rules , if that 's okay . I usually reserve ground rules for players who actually play . I 'm just trying to protect my client . I can see that . I 'm sorry . I 'm a little distracted . Why don 't you and I talk in person maybe this afternoon ? Yeah , this afternoon works great . I 'll see you then . Are you sure this is a wise idea , sending Bravo ? There are more secure options . Do you know how much it costs to launch a satellite ? $ 75 million . Never mind the building or the designing of the satellite itself . One bug . One lousy bug . I had to shut down the entire network . I 'm eating every penny . Your point ? My investment in the security of the group is unquestionable , so don 't talk to me about secure options as if I haven 't thought this through . This is an opportunity for Tony to start proving himself . You have a soft spot for him . I have a soft spot for anyone who proves useful to me . You 've seen what he 's capable of . You know his past . He 's an adequate enforcer , but that doesn 't mean we need to let him in . He rescued Senna from Zola 's man , Lubo Tahan . Do you know who he was ? A less than effective mercenary . He was unit 777 , Egyptian Special Forces . He was not an easy man to best . It was a noble act , saving Senna , but that 's my concern . Nobility has no place in our world . Clearly not . You would have let her die . I would have then , and I would again . Don 't forget where my loyalties lie . How could I ? I don 't doubt that Bravo has a dark side . I simply question how far he 'll allow it to take him . Well , we 'll find out , won 't we ? [ Knocking on door ] Hey , what 's up ? You Haik ? Yeah , who are you ? I 'm from the Voyager Club . Yeah , come in . Yeah , uh , no one called or anything . Yeah , we 've been having trouble with the phones . Hey , you , uh ... you want a beer or something , man ? No , I 'm good . Here . What 's that ? Trust me , you 're gonna want what 's inside of it . Shit . Something wrong ? [ Stammers ] They found it . You don 't even know ? Know what ? Wait . Is this about Nicaragua ? Man , I can 't take it . What do you mean you can 't take it ? There 's $ 50,000 in there . Look , just tell them ... just tell them it 's all good , all right ? We 're good . Just tell me what 's got you spooked . Maybe I can help you . Man , I just don 't want to be a part of this anymore , all right ? Just take it . Please . [ Phone rings ] Yes ? Yes , I see . That 's unexpected . I understand . Thank you , Tony . Just bring the money back . I 'll take it from here . He refused the payment . By our count , 27 artifacts were removed from the dig site . We have fair imagery on some of the items , but there 's not much analysis we can do without getting our hands on them . Most of the artifacts were loaded into crates and onto that aircraft for transport . What 's written on the crates ? " Cinco montañas . " A regional coffee farm . No known connection to Galan . The only reason they go to the trouble of making it look like something it 's not is if they 're transporting it through international customs . I 'll track the tail number when it lands . We 'll get a team to get a proper look at the cargo . Standard secondary customs protocol ? Yep , let me know if you need someone to pull rank . [ Clears throat ] Walk with me . Come over tonight . Deputy Director Smith , how 's the golf game ? [ Clears throat ] Keep me apprised . - Whatever to that . - What 's the word on Katoyan ? I followed up with admissions at so . I confirmed he was a grad student there up until about five months ago . Guess which department . Anthropology with an emphasis on Mesoamerican studies . Okay , we need to talk to this guy . Let 's go . Don 't know . He was here maybe two minutes . I don 't know . Look . I didn 't ask him any questions . Did he say anything at all about what their intentions were ? No , as far as I could tell , he was clueless . He was just some guy they sent to deliver the money . The money . Right . You know , if you hadn 't taken their money to begin with , none of this would be happening . Professor , I don 't need a lecture , all right ? What are you gonna do ? Wanna forget I ever met these people and get on with my life . [ Footsteps approaching ] Haik ? Haik ! Look , I won 't say anything . I know . ♪ Step up in the club like here we go ♪ ♪ And we go to the bar to the dance floor ♪ ♪ Honeys everywhere , shaking ♪ [ Screams ] ♪ God damn , you looking good for sure ♪ ♪ I 'm in a room full of women I never seen before ♪ ♪ Working that body ♪ A tragic scene downtown today , where a resident of this building , identified as 29-year-old Haik Katoyan , fell eight stories to his death . He used to be a pretty sociable guy , but I don 't know . Something was different in the last few months . Uh , he just seemed depressed , you know . Sometimes I 'd see him in the elevator , and , you know , I hate to say it , but I 'm not totally surprised that it happened . - The incident may serve ... - That 's bullshit . You said he seemed out of sorts . Yeah , well , it 's a long throw from out of sorts to suicidal . So then what are we talking about here ? Something I learned working for the DEA . You don 't refuse a payoff from the cartel . You saying they killed him because he failed to show proper underworld etiquette ? We don 't know that . We can at least assume that Katoyan was a link to whatever is dug up in Nicaragua . We 're no closer to knowing what Galan is up to than we were a month ago . You know , all this ticky-tack surveillance bullshit has amounted to nothing . All I know is , everywhere he puts me lately , people are dying . It 's not your fault . You know that . Uh , yeah , pity party aside , let 's not forget this guy 's no boy scout . I mean , he worked for Galan . - So do I. - You work for me . And me . Then I better get back to it , boss . What are you gonna do ? It 's time for a more direct approach . What is going on with him ? He 's been quite the little bitch since Nicaragua . You know what happened down there . Yeah , a guy got killed . Bravo was deep cover DEA five years . He 's seen people killed before . So what 's different about this ? I don 't know . It 's that time . Flores time ? You sure I can 't come with ? You can be my wingman . I believe you have other business . I 've looked into you , Anne . Mid-level commercial agent looking to make your bones in the sports world . - Wow . - Ambitious move . I 'm impressed . Ah , you 've done your homework . I shouldn 't be surprised . The sports-industrial complex is a boys club . Girls like us need to stick together . Oh , agreed . It can 't hurt to have a friend in the press . But as far as Tony 's concerned , it 's like I said . He hasn 't had much media exposure , and I don 't want to see him victimized by an unfortunate sound bite . Understood . How can I put you at ease ? You could give me an idea of what kind of questions you 'll be asking . Maybe it 's you who should be asking questions . What I mean is , I wonder if you know who your client really is . - That sounds ominous . - It should . Reyna , I 'm home . Yeah , this isn 't good . Do you know about Tony 's trip to Nicaragua with Andres Galan ? Of course I do . I encouraged him to go . And do you know the reason for the trip ? Male bonding . I wouldn 't be doing my job if I didn 't seize an opportunity for my client to spend some time with the team 's owner . Then you 're one hell of an agent , because Tony 's bonded with Galan so quickly , it 's almost as if that was the idea all along . What are you saying ? I don 't think Tony 's on the Riot to play soccer . Hey , so call me when you 're done crossing streams with Reyna Flores . I 'm here with her hard drive , and let 's just say her interests extend way beyond soccer . Well , if he 's not on the team to play , then it 's news to me , because I have a contract , in triplicate , that says otherwise . Then maybe you 're in on it too . Another layer of varnish to help Tony Bravo shine . I 've been called a lot of things in my time . Varnish is a new one . He has a cell phone with military-grade technology . His brother got paroled against 50 to 1 odds . Who can pull those strings ? Who has that kind of power ? Why don 't you tell me ? Tony . Don 't you have a team meeting ? So that guy you sent me to , Haik Katoyan , he 's dead . Guess you already knew that , right ? Yes , I did . I saw it on the news . It 's tragic . Yeah , well , tragic seems to be the new normal around here . Uh , I don 't take your meaning . Arroyo gets killed after I beat him on a play . I show up to that kid 's house , he refuses $ 50,000 payday . Then all of a sudden he just jumps eight stories to his death . On the flight back from Nicaragua , you left me with the impression that you could handle these types of situations . Well , I can . I just don 't like being kept in the dark . I know there 's a bigger picture here , and I think I 've earned a right to get a look at it . Mm . There 's no bigger picture , only pieces of a puzzle . And what piece was Nicaragua ? What was that game really about ? You should get going . You know how Ernest gets when his players are late . Our last match against New England was the very definition of shitting the bed . Their counterattack split our defense like Moses at the Red goddamn Sea . This time , we will be ready . With every possession , expect them to delay midfield pressure . They want to lull us into a false sense of security . Especially that ... that French kid they got on loan from Montpellier , what 's his name ? Jean de Passey . That 's him . Mr. Hat Trick , right , Storm ? Not gonna happen again , coach . You bet your black ass . The second he breaks , we force him to his left . Failure to contain him , and we are done for . Well , containment 's easy with Bravo on our side . That 's right ... De Passey gets behind our lines , they 're gonna cart his body off the pitch on a stretcher , thanks to the Matador . Ole , bitch ! All : Ole , bitch ! Ole ! [ All cheering ] Ole ! All : Matador , Matador , Matador , Matador , Matador ! We thought Reyna Flores might have made Tony , but it 's Galan she 's focused on . She 's been focused on him for a while . - All this was on her computer ? - Yeah . Some of it dates back 20 years ago when he still lived in Mexico and Unafonica was a fledgling cell provider . Now she thinks Galan has Tony doing his dirty work . We 're still processing it , but my hope is that we can get some more intel on other players in his circle . Flores is a sideline reporter . What 's her angle ? She 's ambitious . Maybe she thinks this is her watergate . She goes public with this , Galan is under a microscope . He 'll be isolated by the network we 're trying to connect to him to , and our whole operation will be derailed . What do you suggest we do ? [ Sighs ] Take appropriate measures . You have issues with that ? Not at all . It 's too bad , though . She 's a good investigator . She even found out about Tony 's father . Has she said anything about this to him ? Not as far as I know . Good . Let 's try to keep it that way . [ Phone ringing ] Yeah ? Got it . Plane out of Nicaragua just called for clearance at Miami International . Excellent . Put customs on standby , and make sure that cargo is red-tagged . You look great in that dress , by the way . Got some news on our jumper . Phone record shows last call before the big plunge was to a professor Maria Salas . She was Katoyan 's advisor at USC . Another anthropologist ? Department head , actually . Okay , we need to find out what Salas and Katoyan were talking about before he died . Yeah , thing is she was a no-show on campus this morning , so I just tried her cell , her landline , nothing . Keep calling . I 'm gonna get a team to her house . - [ Phone ringing ] - [ Rummaging ] There you are . So Katoyan 's advisor 's wrapped up in this too ? Looks that way . She 's in the wind , and someone ransacked her home , took out her German Shepherd while they were at it . She must know something about Nicaragua that Galan 's people don 't want getting out . Well , as long as we find her before they do . She blew off a lecture and took 5,000 cash out her bank . It 's clear she 's on the run . - Hey . - Hang on , Tony . Just got a ping on the fastrak transponder on her car . She 's on the 10 eastbound , passing upland . Any idea where she 's headed ? It 's a straight shot to big bear . There 's a cabin there in her ex-husband 's name . Let 's go . Tony , I got to go . - Tell me where the cabin is . - We got this . Look , I 'm not gonna sit here while Galan cuts down every history buff in the phone book . Look , I know how hard it is when you aren 't doing everything you think you can do . Believe me , but you need to stay put , play your role , and maintain your cover . That 's your priority , especially with Reyna Flores all over you . Yeah , well , I thought you guys were gonna handle her . We did . Gonna hit the buffet at the Spearmint Rhino . You down ? No , I 'm gonna stick around here , put in a little work . Are you sure , man ? Boobies and food . I 'm good , thanks . All right . [ Clears throat ] What the hell ? [ Computer beeping ] No , no . No , no , no , no , no . [ Tires screech ] You know , a man who 's less comfortable with himself might take issue with you doing the driving . Because I 'm a woman ? Because I 've lived a full life and I 'm ready to die . - [ Horn honks ] - Are you okay ? No . Bravo was right earlier . We need to take a more direct approach . Well , you know , it 's like you always say . Sometimes you gotta play small ball and wait for things to develop . Wouldn 't have to wait if we had all the information . All what information ? Let 's just say I get the sense we 're not being told everything we need to know . Secrets ? At the CIA ? No way . Look , all we need is one thing to break . Hopefully it 's Professor Salas . If she 's not dead already . Or there 's that . Hey ! I want it back ! All of it . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Please . I tell your agent you 're in with Galan . Next thing you know , my hard drive 's wiped . Look , I don 't know anything about that . I know you work for Galan , Bravo . And I 'm not talking about you riding pine for the Riot . You 're a hired thug . You 're his bitch . You need to think about what you 're saying . Sure , right . Making me out to be crazy . Look , I didn 't say you were crazy . I said you need to think about what you 're saying . If I am what you say I am , then maybe you should be a little more careful . Never know what might happen . I guess it shouldn 't be a surprise , you turning out how you have , considering where you really come from . [ Dramatic music ] ♪ ♪ You go around the back . [ Knocking on door ] [ Knocking on door ] Professor Salas ? [ Camera clicking ] [ Grunts ] [ Indistinct chatter ] Please , I don 't know anything ! I 'm not a threat to you . Let me go ! - I don 't know any ... - Ma 'am , please . Please , please ! Please , I don 't know anything ! Stop , stop . We 're not gonna hurt you . Slow down , please . We 're not gonna hurt you , okay ? Look . Look . Okay ? No , just wait . It 's okay . We 're the good guys . [ Panting ] Okay . Good . Okay . Okay ? [ Grunting ] [ Grunts ] You play with anger . Whatever gets me in the game , right ? And this is what you care about ? You know , I think we had this talk already . Yeah , I want to play . You 're right . We have had this talk . Wait , that 's it ? You 're not gonna teach me how to channel my anger or something ? Football is not a doll to squeeze when you 've had a bad day . [ Chuckles ] I don 't know what that means , man . I think you do . You played in Italy , right ? For A.S. Roma ? Three best years of my life . 1999 to 2002 . Then you were on that ' 01 team . You guys won steady all that year . You know your football history . Yeah , well , my dad , he always wanted me to know the best players , you know ? He would have to sneak me into the bar to watch the games on satellite . Did your father play ? Nah , just for a club team here in L.A. He was a lot like you , though . Had all these funny phrases and sayings . Things that didn 't make any sense but sounded good . So he was your teacher . As much as you could teach a little kid . He would talk about it like it was something other than a game , you know ? Like it was art . I think your father and I would have gotten along well . Wonder what he would say about all this . I 'd imagine he 'd be proud . No . This is more than a game , Tony . It can be an art for you , if that is what you want , if you 're willing to give yourself over to it . I want to play the game the way he 'd want me to play . Then we have work to do . You obviously know what they did to Haik Katoyan . You know his death wasn 't a suicide . I was on the phone when it happened . I heard him die . We 're the only thing standing between you and the people who killed him . So you can either tell us what you know , or you can walk out that door and take your chances . [ Sighs ] Ten months ago , I was approached by a man looking for an expert in pre-Olmec civilizations , an obsession of mine . I 've written papers and books on the period , so I was interested when they came calling . The money was good . Too good , honestly . It 's a familiar story . Rich investors who are nothing more than well-dressed grave robbers . Thieves that go in , desecrate a site , then hawk the artifacts on the Black Market . I 'm not interested in treasure hunting , and I told them as much . They took no for an answer and left but then went quickly to my teaching assistant , who didn 't share my moral objections . Katoyan ? These men weren 't to be trusted , but Haik didn 't listen to me . He took their deal . When I found out , I terminated him from the department . I couldn 't risk the reputation of the University . But you kept in contact with him . I felt a responsibility . I-I tried to guide him , and when things got more serious , I begged him to get out . More serious ? How ? Something he said made me fear these men were much more than simple treasure hunters . What made you think that ? They were asking about mummification techniques , burial procedures , how DNA might be preserved . When I heard this , I suspected these men were after far more than just profit , that what they were looking for was something far more sinister . Haik dismissed my warnings . It was about money for him . It led to an argument , and I didn 't speak to him again until yesterday when he called and told me they 'd found it . He was scared . What was it he thought they 'd found ? Something that should have stayed buried . My life 's work has focused on the Ze 'Otec people of the Mesoamerican region , a pre-Olmec civilization dating back to 2,000 b.C. These men were after the tombs of the Ze 'Otec rulers . The Ze 'Otec were one of the oldest and most advanced civilizations until they vanished . Millions of people gone , leaving only hints of their existence . Myths and legends tell the story of a King who , with his pride and hubris , offended a God . The Olmecs referred to this God as the Feathered Serpent . To the Aztecs , he was Quetzalcoatl . He punished the King , injecting him and his Queen with a deadly venom . The poison spread quickly through the Ze 'Otec , decimating their population . Now , obviously , it wasn 't some God that killed them . It was a virus , a plague that , unleashed today , would make the Black Death of Europe look like chicken pox . They 're after a plague ? Had they taken ill and died , the king and queen would have been mummified , with their organs preserved in canopic-style vessels for the afterlife . Two figures . One female , one male . Hold on . Did it look anything like this ? It recently sold at auction . We think the group that approached you wanted it . Was there a matching figure with this ? A female ? No , just the one . Then the female counterpart may be what they 're after . Why ? What are they hoping to get from it ? The heart of the queen . Professor Salas , if the female version is recovered intact , do you think it 's possible to use the heart to resurrect the virus ? The Ze 'Otec were quite advanced in their mummification techniques , much like the Egyptians . If undamaged , these figurines could preserve organs indefinitely . Is it viable ? You ask me if it 's possible the virus was preserved ? It 's more than possible .
