 The cable version of the kennedys . Ward : My older brother , christian , He didn 't beat up my younger brother . He was crueler than that . He made me do it . Welcome home , agent simmons . Hi , fitz . Anyone mind telling me what the bloody hell she 's doing here ? Hunter ever tell you stories about his she-devil ex-wife ? All the time . Damn . I 've got a senator With very deep pockets that wants coulson . Your father is alive . And someday , if you let me , I 'll take you to him . Talbot : I was here in 2012 when the sky tore open And the chitauri rained down on us . Aliens . Aliens were running through the streets , And it was then that S.H.I.E.L.D. Revealed themselves And stood with the avengers , Leading us to believe that we could put our faith in them , Which we did . We stood idly by While they collected super-powered individuals , Garnered alien weapons , Built bases on virtually every continent . We thought S.H.I.E.L.D. Was protecting us , but in truth , They took advantage of our good faith , And they still are . Italy takes note of your report , general . Now , you say that you 've seen S.H.I.E.L.D. , Even fought against them . But where is the proof ? [ whirring ] where is - - aah ! Che diavolo ! Help ! [ echoing ] help me ! [ indistinct shouting ] woman : S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s here ! Freeze ! [ whirring ] [ groans ] [ whirring , man screams ] [ whirring , woman screams ] Go to the exit in the corner . Go ! [ whirring ] [ whirring , woman screams ] Come here . S.H.I.E.L.D. Is done hiding . [ whirring ] 5 : 30 on the dot every morning . But there 's no clock , no light , No way he can know what time it is . You 've been watching him ? Every day before I left , every day since I got back . I don 't know how you do it , Going down there , talking to him . Sacrifices we make for valuable intel , right ? Jemma simmons undercover at hydra . I thought I was a dead woman at least four times . I 'm glad you 're not . Me too . Be careful with him , skye . I am . [ alarm blaring ] What 's happening ? There 's been an attack on the u.N. An attack today of the u.N. Left six dead and dozens injured . Many have not been identified , S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s biggest opponent , U.S. Air force brigadier general glenn talbot . Sir , this wasn 't us , was it ? No , this is hydra looking for revenge . Best guess - - daniel whitehall had his people To put the world 's attention back on us . So much for staying in the shadows . Somebody bring this from home ? I want you two scouring government channels , See what we 're up against . On it , sir . And , skye , this means the alien writing - - Just until we get this under control . Didn 't think so . Just wanted to triple-check . Marcus scarlotti was behind the attack . Almost killed barton a few years back . Runs a team of mercenaries - - mostly for hydra . [ monitor beeping ] Ah . The bodies just disintegrate . I saw references to this weapon in hydra 's lab . Yeah , sent from their demolitions expert , Uh , toshiro ... Toshiro mori . I 've crossed paths with him before . He has a lab in okinawa . Good . Then that 's where you 're going . We need to find the location of the next attack And stop it before it happens . May 's taking point on this op . You can meet her and hunter in the hangar . Hunter 's going ? Got it . Thank you , sir . The hard drive you brought back from whitehall 's lab . I 'll find out whatever I can about those weapons . [ tablet beeps ] Coulson , quick question . No , this wasn 't us . Oh , tha- - uh , great . Um ... May said I 'd be going on a mission with bobbi ? Is that gonna be a problem ? Did she say it was gonna be a problem ? I won 't dignify that with a response . So ... She ... Didn 't ? I think we all know how you feel about your ex-wife , But if it 's too complicated , then by all means . Whitehall 's on the attack . And instead of using his own forces to destroy S.H.I.E.L.D. , He 's having the rest of the world do it for him . You 're lucky to be alive , general . My lucky day . It was my understanding That you had S.H.I.E.L.D. Under control . Otherwise , I don 't know why I persuaded the armed services committee To give your unit such extraordinary funding . Because it worked until this morning . I don 't think anything before today matters now , does it ? S.H.I.E.L.D. Attacked the united nations , For god 's sake , under your watch . People who attacked us may not have been S.H.I.E.L.D. It 's time I step in . And do what ? Control the situation . Now that S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s back in the spotlight , The press is gonna take this and run with it . What worries me is that you even know about him . I don 't play politics , senator . I haven 't said one word about your brother to anyone , The truth is , general , you can 't assure me of anything . It 's time I do what I should 've done months ago - - Put S.H.I.E.L.D. In the ground for good . S.H.I.E.L.D. Is a terrorist organization , And they should be treated as such . Man : Is that what you plan to speak about At the u.N. ' s emergency session tomorrow ? What I plan to do is lay out a proposal For a multi-national police force That will target those suspected Of ties with S.H.I.E.L.D. Using any and all means necessary . Beckers : Anyone suspected of ties ? And who determines that ? Belgium will never accept this proposal . It destroys the very idea of citizens ' rights . Senator ward : Mr. Beckers , if you want to welcome S.H.I.E.L.D. At your borders with open arms , be my guest , But this infestation needs to be exterminated . Guess being a douche-bag runs in the family . Ward 's brother never cared about S.H.I.E.L.D. Before . Yeah , but hunter said that talbot was working with A senator who had deep pockets . You think it 's him ? I do . [ monitor beeping ] Months rebuilding , and this is S.H.I.E.L.D. Few operatives here , not many more out there . If senator ward 's proposal passes ... It 'll be a witch-hunt . Every military organization on the planet Will have a license to kick our operatives ' doors down And shoot them on the spot . I can 't let that happen . I 'll talk to ward , see if he has any intel on his brother . And , skye ... Keep the focus on his family , not yours . [ tablet beeps ] Agent walters . Director . How 's the netherlands ? Same as always , sir . Lots of bikes , lots of weed . I assume this is about the anti-S.H.I.E.L.D. Proposal . We can 't take any chances . [ sighs ] Send out the word to your team . Go dark . Seek refuge . Reestablish contact in 24 hours . Copy that , sir . And , agent walters , stay safe . [ clears throat ] You look good . Oh , yeah ? Cheers . And , you know , with the ... Blond and everything , You don 't look too bad yourself . It 's nice of you to say . Because I heard you 've been telling people I 'm a hell beast . Uh ... No , I d- - I don 't think so . I definitely didn 't use those words specifically . That doesn 't even sound like something I 'd say , really . So , you vouched for me , Knew I was with S.H.I.E.L.D. The whole time ? I 'm honestly surprised you stayed this long . Well , you know , I 'm here for now , But keeping my options open , obviously . You always do . [ scoffs ] If we 're gonna do this now , At least let me grab a beer first . I 'm gonna go check on may . We 'll be touching down soon . Okay . [ sighs ] You ever been married ? Still talk to him ? Right . Good advice . [ whispering indistinctly ] Morning , fitz . Hey . [ device beeps ] Is that the , uh ... Hard drive that you stole ? Coulson asked me to search it For anything related to the attacks . Um , I was hoping you could help . That is , if you 're not too - - I mean - - Yeah , um , if you need m-my help , I suppose I 've got some time . Well , unfortunately , The drive was damaged during our escape . We 'll have to repair it to access any of its I-intel . What ? Just , um ... You look different . That 's all . Oh . Not " bad " different . Just ... Okay . Uh ... We probably need to first look at the , uh - - The shock sensor . Um , no , the , um - - voice actuator ? No , um , jemma , can you - - I know . It 's just you said you needed my help . No , I do . Yeah , of course I do . It 's the ... Micro , uh ... This thing here . Oh , yeah . I see . I ... See that . Skye : We need to talk about your brother . Which one ? Your older brother - - the senator . Christian . Why ? What happened ? Just need basic information - - Habits , places he frequently visits - - You need to stay away from him . He 's not what he seems . He always has an angle , And if he thinks that you can lead him to me - - This isn 't about you . Isn 't it ? Don 't you remember what happened at the well , He gets joy from one thing - - hurting people . So , tell me , please . Does he know I 'm here ? Not how it works , ward . You answer my questions , remember ? And I always do . I always tell you the truth , But if christian knows that I 'm here - - You always tell me the truth ? Yes . [ scoffs ] I promised you I 'd never lie to you , and I haven 't . What 's this ... Really about ? I need information about your brother - - People , connections . Is this about your father ? 'cause I wasn 't lying about him . He 's alive , and he 's - - He 's a murderer . You forgot to mention that detail . [ exhales softly ] You found him . He didn 't give us what we needed on his brother . Trust me . He gave us more than you think . And you 're slipping off track , skye . Stay on-mission . [ insects chirping ] Toshiro has the weapons from the u.N. Attack , So we have two options - - One - - firefight . Surprise them , take down as many as we can Before they bring out heavy artillery . And option two ? Just to hear it . I use my hydra cover - - a cover that could be blown . That 's why I like option one . On the other hand , I know toshiro . The best way to get him to leak intel is to get him bragging . I think it 's worth the risk . She can handle it . Deception 's her forte . Uh , I-I mean that sincerely , not passive-aggressively . As in , it 's a good attribute for a spy to - - [ sighs ] bloody hell . You can go in , but if anything 's off , We 're coming after you . They 'll search you for weapons . [ morse sighs ] Don 't die out there , all right ? [ insects chirping ] Data intercept 's up and running . We have audio and visual from the security cameras And access to any incoming cellular communications . Toshiro-san . [ speaking japanese ] She speaks japanese ? She has this annoying knack For picking things up very quickly . [ speaking japanese ] No . [ chuckles lightly ] Still like option two ? Do you still have that pan-fired green tea ? It 's from the shizuoka prefecture , right ? You always remember every little detail . Try being married to somebody Who remembers every little detail . It 's not that charming . [ sighs ] You think I 'm being petty , don 't you ? I don 't have a problem with bob kissing that guy . Good . Because you had a hickey on your neck for a week After our mission in miami . Excuse me for doing my job thoroughly ... And with style . The tea needs to steep for at least seven minutes . Mm . Perfect time for us to talk business , then . Forgive me , but I 'd like to clear something up first . You see , there 's a nasty rumor going around That you are actually working for S.H.I.E.L.D. Toshi , please . Aren 't we all working for S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Didn 't you see the papers this morning ? Scarlotti and his team were on the front page With that silly eagle on their chests . But those weapons they had ... Your work , I presume ? How could you tell ? Hunter : This poor sap 's buying every word she says . That 's what we want . I just feel sorry for the guy . Making targets feel special - - that 's her thing . You know , when I gave her my nan 's pearl earrings , She was like - - You know I don 't like you , right ? I call them splinter bombs . Has a nice ring to it , doesn 't it ? Is there any way for me To get my hands on a splinter bomb ? Those really are a thing of beauty . Unfortunately , I shipped them all out yesterday . Plus , I can 't take all the credit . Original specs came from hydra technology way back when . Whitehall gave them to you ? Yes . A leap of faith . I just hope I 've earned a chance to work on the diviner . That 's what the lunatic who brought it to him calls it , anyway . I heard it 's alien . You don 't think he means - - The obelisk . Toshiro 's people have an incoming message . Oh , no . What ? All I know is that I have a better case to make Once scarlotti 's team gets to beckers . Then S.H.I.E.L.D. Will be dead in the water . They 're en route to beckers now ? [ gunshot ] [ exhales sharply ] You can thank me later . Thank you ? What the hell were you thinking ? What was I thinking ? I just saved your life . You don 't think I knew that guy was behind me ? This - - this is just you peacocking . He made you , and he was gonna kill you ! And , sweetheart , nobody uses the word " peacocking . " Are you even listening to yourself right now ? Oh , wait . Of course you are . You love the sound of your own voice . Because it 's reasonable . One of us has to be . This is what makes you so aggravating to be with . Hence , not with me anymore . Lucky us . Yes . Really ? I just saved her life twice , and this is the thanks I get . Toshiro said that they were going after beckers . Yeah , julien beckers , belgian foreign affairs minister . The guy who 's been keeping the peace ? If scarlotti 's team takes out beckers , Are gonna fall in line with senator ward 's proposal . Call coulson . We 're heading to belgium . Bad day to be S.H.I.E.L.D. , eh ? I still can 't find anything on the weapons . Fitz ? Ah , you 're still looking at those backlogged files . Yeah . That 's because , um ... Those - - these two bits , there 's something . I think the - - a similar alloy ? No , no . No . Um , no . It 's ... Um ... It 's important , because ... I ... The ... [ groans ] can you stop , Uh ... Stop looking at me ? Oh , I can 't even look at you now . No , not like that , you can 't . Like what ? I 'm - - I 'm trying not to treat you any differently than - - I know , but I am different . And I - - and I 'm - - I 'm trying not to be , but I am . And if for some reason you can 't accept it - - Oh , that 's not fair . Fitz , I 'm only trying to help . You left . I needed help . I needed help with the cloaking . I needed help with , um - - with lots of other things , And someone to talk through , at least . You gave up on me . I did no such thing . You told me you were gonna go see And then you went off to - - for all I - - For all I know , you could - - something could 've - - You could 've been killed . And because what ? Because you think I 'm useless ? Of course I don 't . That 's not why I left . Well , then , why ? [ sighs ] Fitz ... I 'm sorry . I can 't do this . Excuse me . Excuse me . What are you doing here ? Don 't worry . I haven 't been waiting long . Phil coulson . I assume these are for your speech . I made a few changes . It 's funnier now . I 'm sure talbot 's mentioned me from time to time , Which is perhaps why you 're trying to call ... [ static ] ... Whomever it is you 're trying to call . Also , your men won 't be checking on you - - At least not for the next hour . You 've requested some " me " time . And who can argue with that ? What do you want ? An opportunity to clear the air . The attack on the u.N. Wasn 't S.H.I.E.L.D. , it was hydra - - Specifically , a man named daniel whitehall . You didn 't come here to clear the air . You need something from me . And all this swaggering simply tells me You have nothing to offer in return . What do you want me to do ? Go on record defending S.H.I.E.L.D. , condemning hydra ? The american people Are looking for a simple enemy , mr . Coulson . It 's what makes them feel safe . And how do they think they 'd feel If they knew your brother was hydra ? That 's an awfully complicated idea to grasp , Especially in an election year . Are you threatening me , mr . Coulson ? No . I 'm telling you I have your brother in my basement . [ door beeps ] You 're back . Camera 's off . Does coulson know that - - Coulson 's out . He cut us off last time , but now nobody 's watching . Just you and me . Is he all right ? Is grant hurt ? Did - - did you have to do anything - - No . We believe there are other ways To get information from people . [ sighs ] I 'm surprised your concerned , honestly . You don 't have a brother , do you ? No . Always wanted one , though . As an only child , you tend to idealize that relationship . Family has to take care of each other , right ? Then again ... I 've heard some stories that say otherwise . What did grant tell you ? Plenty . How you forced him to torture your youngest brother . I know what happened at the well . So , it 's a well now ? You may think you know grant ward , mr . Coulson , But trust me - - underneath every lie he tells Is just another lie . Ward : Is coulson talking to christian ? You can 't trust him . He 'll smile , bare his soul . It is all manipulation . He is a master at it . [ sighs ] look , I know what I am . But my brother ... [ sighs ] He 's worse . When we were kids , our parents were always gone - - Some state function or another . We 'd spend all day by the creek Hunting salamanders and crayfish . But I could never leave grant alone with thomas . I found grant down there once , Standing over him with a screwdriver . Thomas was on the ground , just screaming . And I saw something ... Something else behind his eyes . Something I 'm sure you 've seen before , as well . [ sighs ] A second later , it was gone , And he was just my little brother again . He told our parents I forced him to do it . I 've spent too much of my life trying to unravel his lies . So have I. And yet , he keeps telling them . He always finds someone to believe him . Ward : I 'm telling you the truth . You see that now , don 't you ? I never lied about your father . You just didn 't give me the chance to tell you - - I know . But I 'm giving you the chance now . And I want to know everything . He won 't get away with it this time . It 's not going to be simple But I think I know a way we can both have what we want . Your father killed people , yes . But everything he did , skye , He did because he loved you . I can 't fault him for that . The people who died in the hunan province , They weren 't villagers . They were hydra agents . They 'd found you and your mother . My mother ? Is she alive , too ? No . No , they killed her . Why ? I don 't know . But when your father got there , he lost it , Tore up the whole village and everyone in it . How ? What is he ? Whatever he is , He lost his whole family in one day , and he cracked . But now he wants to put that family back together . I can help with that . I can take you to him . How ? Where is he ? I 've got connections . People I can talk to will track him - - What connections ? What people ? Raina 's gone . [ chuckles ] I 'm resourceful . Then tell me what you know . Isn 't there anything else ? Please , ward . No . But we can find him together . I promise you . Thank you for telling me everything you know . It 's time we get you out of here . Really ? Really . You 're being transferred , ward . Your brother wants you in his custody , And we 're gonna give him exactly what he wants . I struck a deal with the senator . He 'll reverse his anti-S.H.I.E.L.D. Proposal In exchange for his brother . Long time coming . And skye ? I got everything I needed . Good . We 'll touch down in belgium soon - - Try to get to beckers before whitehall 's team does . I don 't have to remind you that if he 's killed , The u.N. Will come after us No matter what the senator says or does . We 'll be in touch . [ cellphone beeps ] We got beckers ' location . Fitz : Yes , theoretically , All those points have to be connected . Mack : [ chuckles ] damn , fitz . You 're right . You 're right . Ah . Why do you look so surprised ? Well ... Well , yeah . Well , I 'd probably be surprised - - hey , simmons . The explosives - - mack was just - - Yeah , he kept mentioning backlogged files , And , you know , half the stuff he says is nonsense . No , it 's not . [ chuckles ] Check this out . It turns out these bombs are actually from the 1940s , And they were developed by a hydra scientist That worked for The red skull . The red skull . Not nonsense , and designer . Yeah , and the actual designer of the bombs Is a guy named ... Vincent beckers . Vincent beckers . Vincent beckers . We need to find coulson - - now . Ward : Listen to me . You can 't trust him . Three and a half weeks . I sat in this chair every day for three and a half weeks , And you never said a word . But now you want to talk ? Well , it 's too late . Everything I told skye was true . I haven 't given you one bad piece of intel . Is that worth nothing ? You will never see skye again . I thought we were rebuilding trust , coulson . I can help you . I 'm still a part of your team . My team ? You th- - You are not nor will you ever be on my team . You dropped fitz-simmons out of a plane . You murdered victoria hand and eric koenig . You betrayed every one of us , you deluded son of a bitch . The only reason you 're alive is because you were of use . And the only reason you 're being transferred Is because your brother is of more use . Was this his idea or yours to put me on trial ? Hmm ? [ chuckles lightly ] It 's a good story - - A man brave enough to have his own brother executed Oh , christian will milk that for all it 's worth . And the trial should wrap up right before the midterms . Your brother saw the same angles . Maybe you two are more alike than you think . [ footsteps approaching ] Sir , we need you . Simmons : Vincent beckers is julien 's grandfather . We believe the hydra connection stayed very much alive . We found the travel records for beckers and whitehall , and ... They coincided at least 12 times over the past five years . Yeah , why would hydra be targeting One of their own operatives ? We 've been played . Get may on the line . They need to reroute to our safe house in bruges . [ door beeps ] Walters : Mr. Beckers . We have agents looking for you . How did you find this place ? I followed them here . [ beeping ] Sir , may 's team 's en route . Whitehall didn 't just want to turn the world against us . He used beckers as a prop to make our operatives believe His country would provide safe haven , but it 's a trap . They 'll be fish in a barrel . What the hell did you do ? [ grunting ] [ grunts ] [ breathing heavily ] Mr. Scarlotti , I 'll leave you to what you do best . [ grunts ] Shame . I prefer to take my time . [ splinter bomb whirring ] Hydra will never defeat - - You were saying ? [ guns cock ] Whoa , whoa , whoa . Hail hydra , guys . Hail hydra . I 'm not looking for any trouble . Who sent you ? Have you tried the beer around here ? This is from straffe hendrik , Little brewery around the corner . Ask for zoe . She 'll hook you up . Here , sweetheart , you can have the first one . Looks like you could use it . That face - - so dour . You got 10 seconds To tell me exactly what you 're doing here . I 'm a merc , mate , like you lot . To take out a few S.H.I.E.L.D. Agents Higher up the food chain , I happen to know a couple . They just need about 90 seconds to get in position . Huh ? [ grunting ] Look out ! All alone ? Bobbi ! Bob ! [ whirring ] [ groans ] Third time today . What ? You saved my life . [ grunting ] [ groaning ] [ yells ] [ beeping ] [ telephone rings ] May ... How many ? [ sighs ] Okay . Get home safe . Simmons : It 's funny . This is where we used to keep The hazardous biological materials . [ chuckles ] Guess not everything changes , huh ? What can I do for you ? I just wanted to thank you For helping fitz . Well , for - - for being his friend . I don 't help him . He doesn 't need any . You know , that guy you 're wishing he would be - - I never met him . I only know this guy , and , uh ... Yeah , I mean , he 's a little weird , But , uh - - but I like him . I don 't want him to be anybody but himself . You sure about that ? Yes . Because I heard he told you how he felt And you bailed . That 's not what happened . Look I know you two have a past . But from what I 've seen , The only thing that makes him worse Is you . I know . Why do you think I left ? Bobbi : You 're leaving . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s always been your thing . I won 't stand in the way of that . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s not S.H.I.E.L.D. Anymore . I 'm still trying to figure out where I fit in , too . Just don 't die out there , all right ? But if you want to stay ... Stay . Time to go . [ device beeps ] Hands . [ handcuffs click ] [ camera shutters clicking ] Dignitaries , ladies and gentlemen , Less than 48 hours ago , Brave men and women lost their lives At this very spot I 'm standing now , And I think we owe it to them to discuss something All too often elusive - - the truth . Sometimes we want things simpler than they actually are , but The tough reality is , we are complex creatures . Skye . If I ever see you again ... I 'll kill you . And I 've come to understand Something that world must , as well . There is a difference between S.H.I.E.L.D. And hydra . One was an organization built on protection , And the other - - world domination . We got beckers at the border . How many men did you lose ? Six . It 's always a shame when a good soldier falls . And just as good and evil existed side-by-side Within S.H.I.E.L.D. , The same was true in my own home . At first , I was ashamed to share this truth with the world , But my younger brother , grant ward , Was a member of hydra . He was a traitor . He was a traitor to his friends , his family , and his nation . Do not give him one inch . Tell skye this doesn 't change anything . I 'll keep my promise . When evil sits closest to one 's own heart , That is when the surest hand must cut it out . I give my word . I will personally make sure My brother is punished for his crimes . But as is so often true , The darkness lingers longer than the light . And while S.H.I.E.L.D. Is gone , hydra is a problem That the world must still face . [ exhales slowly ] Steward : Otherwise , that darkness will grow And spread And cast a shadow over us all . [ grunting ] We 'll return in a moment . [ rock music playing ] You got cash this time ? Tonight , we finish it . It 's gonna hurt . The rest probably hasn 't healed yet . You sure you don 't want to wait a few days ? The pain helps me remember . [ needle buzzing ]
