 Luther Vick , having been sentenced to death by the State of Texas for two counts of first degree murder , you are hereby granted the opportunity to deliver your final words . The prisoner may speak . That 's fine , warden . I think I will . I 'd first like to say to my wife , Luanne , keep me in your heart , girl . Devil knows , I 'll keep you in mine . That 's the love part . Now for the truth . You make sure my boy Tom-Tom knows that I 'm gonna reach up from hell and pull him down with me for what he did . Yeah , yeah . I 'm coming . Any longer , and I was gonna kick the door down . Well , you can huff and puff . But it 's a steel frame . But I have a key . Don 't remind me . No viable threats in the area , and I checked the car for tampering . You need a hobby . I have one , thank you . Dim mak ... pressure points , martial arts . With one hand , I can bring you to your knees . You 're disgusting . You put some pants on . We 're late for the morning briefing . Nelson . Yeah ? Tell Lillian what you 're working on . Lillian , this is very exciting . It is exciting because it 's a mind-controlled quadcopter . Sorry about that ! Mind-controlled ? Yeah , yeah . I translated the signals for simple hand gestures from the brain 's precentral gyrus , and I linked them to the navigation input on the copter . 'Cause that 's how I roll . That hat 's gonna be a nice look for you , Gabriel . Actually , Gabriel wouldn 't require the external E.E.G sensors . Or the hand gestures . Precisely . You realize how far we 've come from the original intentions of the chip ? What were those intentions ? Surveillance , data mining . Oh , cryptanalysis . Blah , blah , blah . Guys , who cares when you could fly ... a quadcopter ? And what are the practical applications of your quadcopter ? Think of it like a tuxedo . Once you have one , you find a place to wear it . And this tux could be yours for the low price of a simple apology . Nelson , don 't . Dad , it 's been months . An apology for what ? Oh , I don 't know . How about for , accusing me of helping a rogue Chinese super agent kidnap my own father ? Well , Nelson , maybe you and your father should apologize to your country for duplicating top-secret technology , for exposing the most valuable intelligence weapon in this nation 's arsenal , and for nearly getting the prototype killed . Yes ? Put him through . The director of National Intelligence . Your biggest fan . Yes , Adam . Don 't be so smug . She called you a prototype . She 's a Disney villain . Yes , I 've been following it . - Of course . - ... Has now claimed 47 lives . 157 victims so far with no cure in sight . Lillian ? This outbreak in Texas is serious . I want everything there is on it in 30 minutes . Meet me in C-Doc . ... Origin of the deadly virus so they can learn more about it ... Isolating . Still tracking . All right , we have the digital sequencing in place . All right , listen up . I just got off with CDC . They don 't have trackback to the golden egg on this yet . In other words , no source . 22 people were infected in the first wave . That was yesterday . 18 hours later , there are 110 infected , 47 dead , and the epidemic curve predicts that to triple by tomorrow . They 've never seen anything like it , they have no idea where it came from , and they don 't know how to stop it . Nelson . The first wave of victims were at a music festival in Austin called the TEMA festival . Texas music and arts . Nice . Now , there was no common food or drink ingested by the victims , and it 's outdoors . So no closed ventilation system . That means it is airborne . So how are they getting it ? Sounds like direct contact . Correct . This began as a point-source transmission ... single carrier . But it has now propagated with numerous carriers . That sounds normal . No ? What isn 't normal and what is genuinely frightening ... the virus mutates with each new victim , making it nearly impossible to synthesize a cure . Unless you have the original carrier . He or she is the only one with a common antibody . Which is why they 're so desperate to find patient zero . Given the mortality rate , won 't patient zero already be dead ? No , no , it 's like , H.I.V. , tuberculosis ... very often a carrier is completely asymptomatic for quite some time . So how do we fit in ? This is a manhunt . There is no agency better equipped for that than us , and no technology on earth can match the efficiency and accuracy of the chip inside Gabriel 's head . You said 22 were infected at the festival and all had to have had direct contact with patient zero ? You have to find the one person who each of those victims came into contact with . There would have been thousands of cellphones taking pictures at that festival . All over social media . With the Boston bombers , it took a water-cooled CR-47 supercomputer three days to find those dirtbags . Gabriel can beat that in one cyber-render . I 'm rendering . Now access the CDC victim data . Use facial recognition to identify the people around you . Got one . Got another one . You need to find a single person who has come into contact with each victim . He 's running from someone . I can 't see who , but clearly he doesn 't want to be noticed . What is it , Gabriel ? I need more intel . Pulling more photos and cellphone video now . Hang on . Gabriel , who do you see ? A dead man . One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber Command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind ... the next evolution of intelligence . Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry This is Luther Vick , the man Gabriel believes is patient zero . " Believes " ? Hear him out , Gabriel . Okay , background ... 2005 , he and this man , Tom-Tom Benitez , were pulled over by Texas state police in a stolen car . Luther shot the two cops . Tom-Tom testified against him . Luther was convicted and put to death . A week later , he 's at a music festival in Austin ? Here 's the thing . The chip 's algorithms analyze 88 nodes in the human face . The photos and videos Gabriel accessed only show 52 nodes . I mean , that is just not enough for an accurate match . Then how do you explain what Gabriel saw in his cyber-render ? Remember , cyber-renders are like dreams . Partially created by the chip , partially by Gabriel . I know what I saw , doc . Yes , but what you saw may literally be a figment of your imagination . It 's a first-gen chip seven months into beta . Mistakes are possible . What about Luther Vick 's tattoo ? It 's pretty distinctive . Luther inspired a lot of crazies to get the same tattoo . Sorry , Gabriel . Only one way to find out if I 'm right . Send me to Texas . Absolutely not . This virus is unpredictable . It is highly aggressive . I 'm the best chance there is of finding patient zero . Lillian , the risk is so great , you couldn 't possibly consider that . We don 't have a choice . If you don 't use me , people die . Period . Start at the prison . We need to know if you 're right . Lillian ... Nelson will go to the CDC base camp , find out everything they know , collect samples and send them back to Cassidy . I want to know where it came from , what makes it tick , and how to kill it . Let 's get to work , everyone . Lillian , he isn 't a machine . He is as susceptible to this virus as any man . Riley will keep him safe . Are you serious ? You 're asking me to protect him in the middle of a deadly outbreak of an incurable virus . It doesn 't get worse than that . Sure it does . We won 't have backup and our target is a convicted murderer . I 'm not asking . Hello , Tom-Tom . You 're not real . You looking for this ? But you 're dead . You know what they say about ghosts . They just can 't move on till they finish their business . CDC says we 're two weeks from a pandemic . I know you 're sending me your situation reports in 12 hours , but I want to go around the horn now . Homeland 's up first . Sir , I 've deployed e-med units , set up quarantine zones , and have ambu-flights on the Mac in eight local airports . FBI ? I 've activated 300 special agents , coordinated with rangers and local assets . Still looking for an I.D. on patient zero . General . Defense intel deployed forensic epidemiologists , ordered food sequestration , and a level-five testing of the water supply . Folks , I 've asked Lillian Strand , director of Cyber Command to join us . Sir , as you know , I put Clockwork on patient zero . We 're working a theory . I need a few hours . Is there a cyber element to this case that I 'm unaware of ? And what is Clockwork ? Ollie , I 'd argue there 's always a cyber element . And , general , Clockwork is a program consisting of top-tier field ops , TAC teams , and our most sophisticated technology . Details on that are classified code word . Can we get shared product in real time ? I 'll have a sit-rep in 12 , solution estimate in 18 . It 's just that the military has a lot of business in Texas . Private contractors , firms , bases . Folks , let 's stay on-problem . We 'll talk again at 0800 . Thanks . That 'll be all . Lillian , stay a moment , please . I understand your reasoning for deploying the asset , but I want you to understand that the risks are massive . If we 're not using this program to save American lives , why have it ? Clockwork will be perilous as long as there 's only one Gabriel . You want a hundred of him , a thousand , then the program has to not only continue to prove itself , but it must endure . And by it , I mean him . I understand . I hope so . You still don 't believe me that Luther Vick survived this room . Do you need me to believe you ? Definitely not . The " definitely " kind of gave you away . I 'm flattered . Nothing 's impossible , I suppose . You 'd just need to find the drain . Secret service trains us to look at every room as though it 's filled with water , metaphorically speaking . If water can find a way , so can a man . What are you doing ? Finding the drain . Turn this thing on . Relax . There 's no I.V. in my arm . Yeah , nothing creepy about that . Gabriel ! Gabriel ! Gabriel ! Not a bad-looking corpse , Was that concern I saw on your face . So you hacked it ? Somebody 's coded it so the readings can be controlled remotely . For the execution , they probably used a simple toggle switch . Flip the switch , there 's your flatline . Probably take six people to pull it off . You could do it with three . You 'd need the doctor who examines the body , the driver , who would be delivering an empty coffin , and you 'd probably also need the guy who loads the drugs into the ... Let 's go . We 're not alone . I know it hurts , Django . I 'm sorry . Are you gonna make us better ? I 'm not that kind of doctor , but my father is . So I 'm gonna put this in a very special microscope that will send a picture all the way back to him in Virginia . It 'll be okay , mom . I 'll be okay . Is your father good at what he does ? There 's nobody better . The hives are the very first symptom , which is why the lipid envelope isn 't present yet . Okay , I 'm gonna load the tomographic image taken after I applied negative staining to the virion . Gabriel was right . The execution machine was rigged . He was right . Hot damn . Hey , we could win a Nobel , Lillian . If it weren 't classified , of course . Dad ... Dad , you need to look at this . Oh , my God . - You see it , right ? - What is it ? Viruses are clumsy . They colonize at random , pass only through membranous tissue . But this one 's unique . It travels through the sweat glands , which means it is all over the carrier 's skin . He infects anyone he touches . Yet the virus doesn 't affect him until it converts , which could take weeks or months or years . He may not even know he 's infected . God . My life 's work has augmented humanity , to try and make humans better , stronger , faster , right ? Well , this virus was also built by someone , but for a different reason . They wanted to make a weapon of a different kind . A killing machine . I don 't know how they know , but they know . Jones ' bank accounts had some big cash deposits lately . If it weren 't for those , he 'd be strapped . Perfect candidate for manipulation ... underpaid prison guard . You have to do something . Pull me out or something . He 's in the parking lot now , heading towards his car . Calm down , friend . We have it under control . Guys , we still don 't have a lock on the other end of this call . We don 't know who he 's talking to . You don 't have anything under control ! He said he 'd protect me ! Still no luck . Gabriel , do you have it ? Not yet . Why don 't we have a picture on this ? It 's closed circuit . - Gabriel 's on the prison grounds , so he could tap it . - I 'm not going to prison ! You have to tell him to do something . We are doing something . What just happened ? Jones is dead . And I know why we were hitting a road block on that trace . Our prison guard was on the phone with someone from the Pentagon . I 've been searching Pentagon files forever and coming up empty . No mention of Luther Vick , the prison doctor , or the driver , all of whom were killed overnight . Somebody over there is trying to beat Luther Vick 's old murder record . Well , Luther 's not finished killing . Tom-Tom Benitez 's body was found in a parking lot . Wait till he finds out he could have killed him with a simple handshake . What do you mean , " wait till he finds out " ? Cassidy thinks Luther probably doesn 't even know he 's sick . Makes sense they wouldn 't tell him . The question 's who ? You have a theory ? The defense department connection and the fact that the virus is man-made leads to one conclusion ... an illegal bioweapon project . Go on . How would you test a weaponized virus on a human being ? You would test it on someone who wouldn 't be missed . 'Cause he 's supposedly dead . Cremate the imaginary body , leaving no evidence . Perfect plan.-Unless Luther escapes and you have to clean up the mess . But why can 't you find the files in the Pentagon system ? Because it 's not the Pentagon . It 's a private contractor . And there 's a lot of them in Texas . I 'll worry about that . You two just stay focused on patient zero . Luanne Vick 's house ? d Tears on my pillow d d I 've got all night long d d tears on my pillow d d I 've got all night long d Shh . They got people looking for me . If I let go , you promise you 're gonna keep it together ? No screaming ? What ? Well , ain 't you glad to see me ? Of course , but h-how ... how is this even possible ? Well , the government 's twice as bad as me . But only half as smart . You know , the last thing I remember seeing was your pretty face just before I died . And then I wake up in some kind of laboratory or something . People wearing these white coats and duck suits . Duck suits ? You know , the rubber ones . Anyhow , they shot me up with all sorts of stuff . Told me one shot would put me to sleep , but look it . I got these bad veins from booting tecata all those years . So I pretended I was out , waited for my chance , and went all kinds of crazy . Next thing I knew , break out of the building , in the middle of one of them rich-kid concerts . I 've been in prison , girl . We ain 't slow dancing . What am I doing here , Lillian ? You wanted shared product . This won 't be in my sit-report . What I 'm about to tell you has to remain confidential . Of course . The virus is man-made . Can you source it ? Not specifically . But given the incubation rate , we think that patient zero was infected within two hours of his appearance at the festival . So he was infected in the Austin area . There 's more . We think it 's one of your contractors . Why do you think that ? Nobody takes on the cost and risk of a bioweapon without a buyer . And there 's no buyer like the military . That 's conjecture . Do you have anything that stands up ? We tracked a phone call to a protected P-2-7 number . The Pentagon ? Someone in your shop is violating the Geneva convention , Greg . Okay , let me get my beak wet on this . Thank you for coming to me , Lillian . I owe you one . You have him ? Making a call now . Routing to your earpiece . We need to catch this guy before Lillian Strand 's people do . He terminated the call . You were right . He 's dirty . Ever since the beginning of the Iraq war , defense intelligence has been obsessed with bio and chemical weapons . Of course , this phone call doesn 't prove anything . Had he mentioned Luther Vick by name we would have him . No , he 's too smart for that . See ? I 'm a natural . Just don 't crash . Look . No hands . Or crazy Nelson hat . Do you see anyone inside ? Switching to thermal now . C-Doc , are you seeing this ? That 's Tom-Tom 's van in the driveway , which Luther stole . Let 's go get our guy . All right , TAC team 's 15 minutes out . Lillian , if I may ? Please remember the antibodies can only be harvested from a live virus . That virus will die if the host dies . Noted , doc . We 'll bring him back alive . Where are you going ? We 're waiting for the TAC team . We can 't wait . Hey , you don 't just get to make these decisions on your own . We 're either partners or we 're not . Who said we 're partners ? I have a job to do , too . And that 's to keep you alive . You heard what the doc said . Do you really want to risk the local police pulling the trigger on Luther , a cop killer ? Fine . But you 're wearing these . Gloves ? Are you kidding me ? If you come into direct contact with the virus , you will be infected . Yeah , but we 'll have the cure in handcuffs . Can you ever just say yes ? You can 't touch him . Understand ? Are you ready ? Do you know how emasculating it is when you tackle me like that ? Are you saying you feel like a girl ? That 's not what I 'm saying ! 'Cause you look pretty today . One 's going around front . I got this one . Go . Last time I felt a hammer strike like that was Fort Benning , Georgia . So we just got our asses kicked by U.S. special forces . Hang on a second . You 're pissed at us ? Luther Vick is infected and highly contagious . You two should never have engaged on your own . Not to mention , you destroyed my quadcopter . Well , it wasn 't Luther we found in there , was it ? These were soldiers in level-A Hazmat suits , special forces training , and cover fire from an MP5 submachine gun . When are you gonna arrest this general of yours ? You don 't just arrest the director of Defense Intelligence . We need proof that Carter 's involved . How are you gonna get that ? He 's arrogant and probably doesn 't think he 's done anything wrong . He 'll make a mistake . But that 's my concern . You just stay on problem . We can 't make a cure without Luther . What is it ? Django , the kid from the festival . His father just died . No , don 't ! We can 't let them die , too . Letters . What about them ? Luanne and Luther met after he was incarcerated . Yeah . So ? It 's called hybristophilia ... monster worship . These women like to write letters to horrible men . Those letters can turn into visits and sometimes a prison wedding . It 's prison policy to scan all documents received by inmates . Any letter Luanne wrote to Luther would be kept in a database . I 'm already in . Scan for places ... homes , hotels , vacation spots . Here 's something . Luanne wrote about a farmhouse her grandmother owned . " She 's gonna leave it to me in her will . " How quickly can you ... Grandmother , Selma Green . She 's in a retirement home but still owns the house . Route 35 north , outside of Round Rock . Latest reports indicate that the death count has reached 183 . Symptoms begin with hives on the torso followed by high fever and muscle pain . If you observe any of these symptoms on yourself ... I got beer , cigarettes , some chips and stuff . I don 't think we 're gonna score in this town , though . This is a lot better than staring at those pictures you used to send . Those pictures were nice . What 's wrong ? Get off ! What ? Aah ! You got it ! T-t-that disease they 've been talking about ! Oh , God ! Oh , God ! What do I do ? What do they ... what do they say to do ? I-I need a doctor . I need ... I need to go to the hospital ! I need ... Wait a minute . That 's what they did to you . What are you talking about ? You said that they took you somewhere and shot you up with all kinds of stuff . Maybe they made you sick ! Maybe you 're the one who 's giving it all to these people ! No , no . You 're crazy . Look at ... look at me . I 'm ... I 'm ... I 'm fine . You 're the only one I 've been around , Luther ! I can 't take you to the hospital , girl . I can 't take you along in that condition . And I can 't leave you here to lead them to me . 300 new cases today . This is what happens when you screw around with mother nature . I didn 't mean you , obviously . Know how many people they tried to implant the chip in before I came along ? Three . All volunteers , like me . What happened to them ? Two dead , one paralyzed . I 'm surprised you volunteered after that . Couldn 't find Amelia . I thought the chip would help . Let 's go . Gloves . Put ... them ... on . Gabriel . Blood 's still blooming . It 's fresh . Means he 's close . Drop it . Good girl . Let her go , Luther . We don 't want to hurt you . Hurt me ? And how you plan on doing that ? What 's with the gloves ? Stay back , Gabriel . Scumbag infected me . Infected you ? You 're telling me Luanne was right ? I was a carrier ? What do we have ? We 've got General Carter on a sat phone . Triangulating now . Got it . Recipient of the call is two clicks away from Gabriel and Riley 's current location . On speaker now . You are authorized for containment . All solutions are go . Repeat . All solutions are go . They know where Luther is . Get me Gabriel . Lillian , we got him . We need an exfil chopper at this location . And make it quick . Gabriel , Carter 's men are closing in . We got to move . We 're on site , sir . Approach and detain . Gabriel , get out of there . Don 't move ! Let me see those hands ! Drop your weapon ! Weapons down ! Well , that was fast . Sir , we 've secured the package . Collateral snug and tight . Package to the kitchen . Scrub the collateral . Yes , sir . All right , let 's go . Move . Get them inside . Let 's go . Inside . You okay ? Yeah . Don 't get too close . I don 't get it . Why didn 't they just shoot us ? 'Cause they don 't want to leave any bullets behind in the ashes . Torch it . What are you looking at ? The drain . The wood 's weaker where the flames are . That 's the way out . Let 's do it . There 's a guy outside making sure we don 't get out . How do you know that ? I 'm inside his helmet cam . Come on . We got to do this together . You touch me , and you 're infected . We 're either partners or we 're not . Come on . Are you ready ? One , two ... I 'm in the other guy 's comm . I can see everything he sees . Where is Luther ? Half a click to the north , heading towards the road . We can still catch them . Gabriel ... behind you . You don 't want to do that , Luther . You think this is a first for me ? I 've offed cops before . We 're trying to save you , man . Save me ? Turn around . If you say so . We 're in quite the pickle now , boy . The gun is at your throat , Luther . Careful , Gabriel . Yeah , I know . I 'm smart enough to know that people need me alive . This sickness I supposedly have ... it has something to do with that , right ? Right . Well , am I getting you sick right now ? How does this work ? You kill anyone you touch . You should be used to that . What are you doing , Luther ? This world never gave me nothing . So , we 're even . Luther , don 't ! Oh , don 't worry . I 'm gonna reach up from hell and pull both of you down with me . We got to get him to CDC hq . You too . You need that vaccine . We lost both of them ? Where 's Luther ? ! Somebody tell me something ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Get on the ground now ! Get those hands up ! What the hell is going on here ? Do you know who I am ? Yes , general , we know who you are . We know now . So this is what they mean by civilian leadership . You two ? You have no idea what you 're doing . You used a human being as a Guinea pig . No matter what his crime ... Human being ? Luther Vick killed two police officers . In return , the court took away his life and gave it to the state . We are the state . You 're just as bad as the murderer you used . If we can make an anti-virus out of Luther 's blood , we 'll be ready when a weapon like this virus comes across our borders . We both know it 's on the way . The monsters are at the gate , Lillian . Looks to me like the monsters are right here . Get him out of here . That 's a big win for you . It 's a win for the country . You 've expanded the purview of Cyber Com dramatically with Clockwork . You know , the only thing that worries me more than the power of any one agency is the power of any one agent . Are we talking about Gabriel ? Or are we talking about me ? That really gonna work ? The anti-virus ? Yeah . Take care of my boy first . This is super-medicine , Django . It 'll make you better . And it 'll protect you from kryptonite . You 're gonna be all right , sweetheart . We both are . Luther 's dead . Virus converted faster than Cassidy thought . It advanced rapidly . He was dead in two hours . What time is it ? Why ? Were you sleeping ? It 's only 8 : 00 . We still have to have our nightly check-in . Annoying , right ? Not as annoying as having your ass saved by a girl . You think you saved my ass ? What else is new ? Hey , can I ask you a personal question ? Sure . How do you feel about the chip now that ... Amelia 's gone ? I don 't know . I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't have asked . Um , you don 't need to think about that . I think about it all the time . Good night , Riley . Good night . Sync corrections by honeybunny web dl sync snarry
