 Previously on Alphas ... Someone approached you from the foundation . What did he ask you to do ? Trial tests . August . Does " August " mean anything to you ? We 'll figure it out . And there 's a Jason Miller- - oh , Dr. Rosen . He 's still here . That 's him . He 's emitting the infrasound . Is that a photic stimulator ? And we have no idea what this thing does to people 's brains , or how it fits into Stanton Parish 's agenda if , indeed , it does . Cargo train exploded outside of Jersey City . There was no evidence of a device . That 's exactly how Stanton Parish operates . Your 200-year-old Alpha boogeyman ? But he 's very real , Nathan , and , I believe , extremely dangerous . Shot in the head . There 's nothing we can do for this poor soul . [ Gasps ] What 's on your mind , Bill ? Scipio knew that we were gonna be there . I know . Someone close to us is working with Parish . Yes , every August medical photo stim has been recalled and destroyed . Good . Make sure every import ban is retroactive . Of course . The Health Technology Safety Act contains that provision . Delete every record of our meeting , every phone call , every email . - But not here , Senator . - Wait till you 're alone . - I should wait until I 'm alone . - Right . And if anyone ever asks , we 're all friends . - You 're friends . - We 're finished . Have a good night . Good night . - You have another headache ? - No , it 's fine . I 'm just glad we 'll be done with all these trips to D.C. It 's been a long couple of weeks . Desperate times , necessary measures . Look , watch out ! Senator ? [ Cars honking ] St--st--stop ! Stop ! Stop ! [ Tires screeching ] [ Cars honking ] Stop ! Go , go , go , go , go , go , go . [ Altered voice ] Charlotte ... Go home . Excuse me , I have to go home . Is she all right ? I think so . [ Indistinct chatter ] Hey . I 'm gonna go grab a drink . Yeah , okay . Ugh . What 's he doing here ? - Oh ! - Hi , Lisa . [ Awkward laugh ] Hi , Jason . I was just wondering if , um , you wanted to hang out sometime ? Well , I mean , obviously , like , I know , right now , we 're hanging out , but we could see a movie or something . It--well , whatever you want to do . That 's really sweet , but , um , I have a boyfriend . So ... Right , I know . But , listen , I was just- - Hey ! Jase ! [ Chuckles ] This is the senior crunk . What , did you , uh , skip a grade and not tell anyone ? Cody ! Don 't be a jerk . I 'll make sure he gets out okay . Stop it ! You don 't talk to Lisa . [ Grunts ] Look , she 's too nice to say it , but you creep her out . You creep everyone out . [ Warbling tone ] I said , " stop it . " What did you do ? He was in the hospital for months . He almost died . You could be a little nicer . You 're right . You should go out with Jason . - Cody , stop it . - Seriously . Jason 's really cool . Really cool . Uh , he wants to talk to you outside . Cody , you better not have hurt him . What 's going on ? - Jason just wants ... - To talk to you . [ Glass shattering ] He just wants to talk to you , Lisa . Jason . What 's happening ? [ Chuckles ] I really never got a chance to tell you this before , but , um ... [ Gasps ] [ Chuckles ] [ Warbling tone ] You look really nice tonight . I look really nice tonight . Hey , Doc , those two kids from the high school are in the sitch room , and here is the police report . Thank you . Uh , did Bill give this to you ? Nah , he 's not in yet , so I just- - he--he had a late night . I gave him a call . Oh , okay . He 's the one who usually handles this sort of thing , Kat . Yeah . You need to be working on your- - your memory issues , right ? Right , but you said the key to memory construction is active observation , so I am observing actively . So I got this idea- - probationary agent . Nice , huh ? No , it 's not nice . It 's not even a real thing . The Kat . Yes , Gare ? Yeah . Bill 's my partner , and you 're not allowed to just steal someone 's partner . Oh , no . Yeah , I 'm addressing the issue . Right , no partner stealing . Got it . Well , they 've ruled out drugs or alcohol . Perhaps there was some kind of conversion disorder , mass hysteria ... Whatever you wanna call it , these 2 and 15 others chased a girl right out of the senior dance . Half of them didn 't come home last night . I kind of read your file before I gave it to you . Not very probationary . Sorry . This young guy . What , did he walk through a window or something ? Plate glass . Didn 't even blink . Witnesses say they saw a kid named Jason Miller with them , said he appeared to be the leader . You know him ? Hello . Can either of you tell us anything about Jason Miller ? Both : I don 't know anyone named Jason . I 'm guessing that 's a yes ? [ Upbeat rock music ] ? Alphas 2x07 ? Gods and Monsters Original Air Date on September 10 , 2012 ? ? ? Don 't say no ? ? for an answer ? ? and there 's no telling ? ? where we 've been ? = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ? ' cause people don 't understand ? ? understand , understand ? ? people don 't understand ? ? people like me ? - [ Exhales ] - Bill . Good morning . Sorry I 'm late , Doc . Well , what 's with your knee ? I just tweaked it in ballet class last night , so ... Oh , that 's where they were teaching you how to kick each other ? I 'm still getting my work done , right ? Well , we still haven 't found the breach in security . Uh , I did clear the team and Kat- - as much as she could be cleared- - but I 'm still working to clear , uh , support staff and friends , and family , and tactical , all right ? So I am thorough . Yes . - And thorough takes time . - Yes , you are . I-I understand , but I 'm gonna loop in Clay . Doc ... [ Exhales ] Are you sure you wanna do that ? I don 't think we can trust that guy on something like this . Well , I-I know it 's a risk , but it 's far more dangerous to have a traitor in our midst . And besides , Clay has some resources that you could probably use . [ Exhales ] All right . Their neuroanatomies are unique , but their brain patterns are identical . That 's , like , impossible , right ? Usually , brain patterns are like snowflakes , Kat . Everyone should be different . But when we compare the EEGs , we see many identical areas , their minds moving in some kind of synchronization . But there is no indication in either of their MRIs of any Alpha ability at all . It looks as if they might have become an extension of Jason 's . Yeah , but at the hospital , Jason could only project his personality onto other Alphas , and even there , the effect was temporary . Well , evidently , his ability has evolved . Yeah , mine did after the photo stim . [ High-frequency tone ] They 're emitting an infrasonic field . I can hear it , but barely . All right , Rachel , stick with me here . When Jason creates this field , he--he activates , uh , somehow , uh , some sort of neural link , through which he could possibly exercise a measure of synchronized control . Well , like , some kind of hive mind . [ Equipment beeping ] My father 's allowing himself to feel optimistic . August Medical . It 's just a minor setback for us . You 're worried . Yeah , of course I 'm worried about him . So am I. You said that you would bring him around to our way of thinking , but you two are farther apart than you 've ever been . Dani , some chasms can 't be bridged , certainly not from one side . No , he has a place in what we 're doing , in what we 're building . You 've said that . - I 'm hopeful . - No , you made promises . Do you understand everything I 'm risking for this ? There may be an opportunity , a way to build a better bridge . A former patient of both of ours . She 's just a kid . She 's still gotta be in there somewhere , right ? I wish I knew , Nina . The medication seems to be sedating them , but not breaking Jason 's neural link . I can 't get a hold of Jason 's parents . Oh , we have to keep trying . These kids could be in danger , and Jason 's a disturbed young man . Poor boy has a lifelong history of being ostracized due to his ability . The infrasound . It induces feelings of discomfort and unease in people , and they don 't like being around him without even knowing why . Well , he 's not alone anymore , is he ? Leave it to Parish to make the borg a real thing . Hmm ? It 's a Star Trek thing . Don 't worry about it . No change at all . Nothing I 've given them has restored their normal brain activity . The primidone , phenytoin- - Well , what about something other than drugs ? I could try . Carefully . All right . Molly ? Molly , come back . [ Faint , overlapping voices ] Molly- - [ voices intensify ] Hey , hey , hey , hey . You all right ? - Yeah , it 's just- - - What happened ? I felt , like , dozens of people just fighting back . Okay , we 're obviously not trying that again . I don 't know . I-I don 't think I can affect their will because it 's not their will . It 's Jason 's will , and we have to find him if we 're gonna have any hope of breaking this connection , this--this neural link . I 'm gonna ask his teachers if they have any idea where he is . I believe he is here somewhere , Bill . Kid could go anywhere , and he goes to school ? Well , probably for the first time in his life , he has power and influence , and so he 's- - he 's going back to a place where once he had none . It 's just to show it off . It makes sense . We 'll be right there . [ Phone beeps ] Dr. Rosen ? Jason . You remember me ? From--from the hospital ? Yeah . Uh , salt and vinegar chips . [ Chuckles ] Right . To be honest , I 'm--I 'm great now . Not like before . People used to mess with me all the time , even teachers . Have you spoken with your parents about that ? Ah , my parents , they were the worst . I mean , have you ever- - have you ever looked at somebody who was supposed to love you and you know that they don 't even like you ? Anyways , I 'm all good now . See ? Ah , yes , I - now , I 'm very happy to see how well you 've recovered . Um , Jason , I 'd love to run some tests back at my office , if you wouldn 't mind . Nah , I-I told you , I 'm fine . Well , it would help me understand you better , understand your ability , see how you 've managed to , uh , well , recover so quickly- - - I 'm good . Thank you , Dr. Rosen . Uh , Jason , please , wait- - [ bell rings ] [ Indistinct chatter ] Excuse me . Jason , I need you to listen to me . I 'm worried that you might be hurting your friends . I think it has something to do with the connection that you 've made to them . You wanna take them away . No , no , I don 't . [ Warbling tone ] You touch them . It 's that simple . Promise me you 'll leave us alone , or I 'll have him pull the trigger . Jason , there 's- - there 's no need- - Promise , or I swear I 'll do it . [ Gunshot , glass shattering ] [ People screaming ] We should talk . What 's our official story ? We 're gonna go with accidental weapons discharge . Okay . Yeah , I think that story will stick . Any leads ? No , Gary still hasn 't been able to find anything on security cameras , right ? No . They--oh , no , Bill . The cameras just went out . That 's not my fault . That 's bad security . What happened to you ? I 'm following up a few leads with the school psychologist . You need a hand ? No , thank you , Bill . I 'll meet you back at the office . The public nature of Jason Miller 's actions are putting every Alpha at risk . I expect you to be celebrating it . What you managed to accomplish with Jason Miller is truly remarkable . Imagine what he 'd be capable of if you hadn 't intervened . I rescued that boy from your experiments . We share responsibility here , Lee . You interrupted Jason 's treatment . You failed to recognize his instability , because you were too busy shutting down August Medical . You neglected his follow-up care . Well , he wouldn 't have needed follow-up care if you hadn 't twisted him into this- - this thing that needs to be stopped now somehow . Bullet to his head would stop him . But I don 't want that . I want you to help me save him before this gets out of our control . Oh , that 's precisely what I intend to do . I certainly don 't need your help for that . Because you 've had such success curing Jason 's victims . Let me guess--you 've tried all the antiseizure meds , maybe even Nina ? I have six months of detailed scans and case notes on precisely what was done to Jason 's brain , the wavelength and the duration of every stroke treatment . Please , Lee . I need you to help me save Jason . Uh , thank you , but I have my own team . You can keep the phone . Danielle was lucky to find that flat on Avenue C. Such an old building . I remember it from before the great war . Be a shame if something happened to it . I was hoping to sway you with other arguments . You 're an uncompromising man . You have no idea how uncompromising . You 've been criticized for your frequent trips to New York , Senator . I won 't apologize for making the needs of my constituents my top priority . All right . Well , let 's talk about your new , hard-line stance on medical equipment being imported from overseas . I need to make sure the ban is retroactive . Well , I do believe your bill does cover that , Senator . Yes , it does . Of course it does . You 're my friend , aren 't you ? I 'm sorry . I don 't understand . We 're done . I need to go home . And that was Senator Burton , recorded last night having some difficulties during the interview- - I know she 's staying there . Yeah , no , no , just listen to me . I need to see her , and you need- - What 's going on ? Right this way . Jason 's mother . [ Equipment beeping ] Teenagers at the dance weren 't Jason 's first victims . His parents were . She has dozens of subdural hematomas . I think the connection to her son is causing her brain to--to rupture . She 's gonna die if you don 't get her to a hospital immediately . But maybe you have a surgical suite here somewhere ? Take her to Saint Michael 's . So her brain pattern is struggling with Jason 's . Does that mean the others are in danger ? Yes . And the adolescents may have a little more time , given the relative flexibility of their neuroanatomy , but , yes , anyone connected to Jason is eventually going to die . Quite an effective tool of mass murder you 've created . Not my intent . - Not your intent ? - And what about you ? Using Nina Theroux to forcibly push a senator to do your bidding . Not the same thing . Nina never intended to hurt anyone . Not her intent . Exactly . Let 's get to work before anyone else gets hurt . Senator Burton 's in the hospital . They 're saying it 's exhaustion . It 's always exhaustion . Now , has this ever happened before ? Not like this . Lee and I had no idea she 'd have this kind of reaction . Now , her doctors would 've never seen this kind of condition before . But there are no names on the film , nothing in here to incriminate Dr. Rosen or the rest of the team . The only common thread in there is me . [ Exhales ] Look , Nina . It 's risky , okay ? A senator has a lot of resources . But it 's a risk I have to take . I need to fix this . You 'll need to loop Dr. Rosen in before you share this file with the Senator 's doctor . Don 't worry . He 'll understand . [ Phone beeps ] [ Phone rings ] Hello , Nina . What can I do for you ? What [ Phone beeps ] That was not Dr. Rosen . We could neutralize the victim 's infrasonic fields . No . Disrupting that amount of brain activity would be fatal . And it appears there is no limit to the number of people Jason can collect . Oh , you didn 't know that ? No . Always meant for Jason to emerge from his coma with more control , more maturity . [ Chuckles ] Teenagers . Haven 't changed much since the 19th Century . I 've raised my fair share . Remaining the same age while everyone around you grows older and dies . That , uh , must be very lonely . - I have my memories . - Oh , I 'm sure you do . But humans aren 't built for that kind of isolation , Stanton . I 'm not here to talk about me , Lee . All right . We can see how hard all the minds in Jason 's collective are struggling to reassert themselves , so I 'm thinking if , somehow , we could push them to- - Nina Theroux . She can get into his mind and get him to set his collective free . No , I 'd rather not expose her to that risk . It 's far too dangerous . Won 't be a risk as long as I tell her exactly how to navigate his mind . So you wanna work together on that ? Fine , then , uh , I 'll have to go find my team . Lee . You didn 't wanna walk into a trap . Neither do I. [ Phone rings ] - Lee Rosen . - No , you 're not . What have you done with him ? We already know that you 're using cloning technology to bounce the number off of cell towers all over the city . Watch your back . We 're coming for you . I hear echo , so I know you 're indoors . Gary , ignore all the pings outside . There 's 32 dots now . In minutes , they 'll be kicking down that door . May I ? Okay , look for some place big and empty , far away from traffic , like a warehouse . Okay . Okay , there are 17 dots now . Stan , you treated me with respect , so as soon as we find Jason , you will be free to go . Very well . On your word . Hello , everyone . It 's him . I 'll explain everything later . Right now , we need to find Jason , and he 's probably feeling very vulnerable right now , so he 'll wanna be somewhere safe . Look for an infrasonic field , a cluster at one of his classmates ' addresses . That 's where we 'll probably find him . [ Overlapping chatter ] You 're so beautiful . Why--why don 't you take your clothes off ? Wait , no- - no , stop . [ Stammers ] I want you to want to do it . I want to do it . No , you don 't . No , I don 't . I 'm sorry . [ Overlapping chatter ] Jason 's in there . Okay , anybody else a little freaked out by this ? Two heartbeats . He 's not alone . I didn 't touch her . Okay , all right . Well , let 's just let her get dressed now , okay ? - Okay . - Come here . I like Lisa , okay ? But this isn 't her . Hey , Jason , listen . Dr. Rosen sent us . Okay , we 're here to help you . We can help her , too , but you gotta come with us , okay ? Okay . My first field assignment is " go wait by the minivan " ? Really ? Yeah . Recognize . It 's supposed to be safer , but I get arrested sometimes . [ Tires screech ] No , stay back ! You 'll spook him . Who are these guys ? You said you were with Dr. Rosen . We are . Look , they 're just here to protect you . It 's okay . Hey , guys . Look . Hicks ! Get him to the car now . I changed my mind . I-I don 't wanna go . Hicks ! Tranq him ! I got him ! Unh ! - Ahh ! - They 're like ants . [ Grunts ] Oh , there 's more ! They 're swarming . Kat , help ! Ahh ! Oh , they are . They 're like ants . Oh ! Ah ! Bill ! I can catch him ! Gary ! [ Horn blaring ] [ Grunts ] [ Warbling tone ] [ Grunts ] [ Grunts ] - Hey ! - Come on . Get off of there , pal ! Unh ! [ Dart whooshes ] [ Tires screech ] Hicks , let 's go . - I was harmed . - Come on ! - Gary , move ! - Come on , quick . Yeah . Hurry ! Hurry , they 're coming ! - Easy , easy . - Get in , let 's go ! Come on . Bill , come on , let 's go ! Move , move ! Go , go , go ! Prep him for an MRI and an EEG . Be careful ! Come on , fast , before his friends show up . Let me look . No , don 't ! It hurts . I 'm gonna have a shiner now . And , Bill , it 's your fault that I got punched . Yeah , I get to punch you now , Bill . It 's my turn . Gary , no one is gonna punch anybody , okay ? Doc ? Everyone ... This is Stanton Parish . 'Sup , Stan ? What ? [ Equipment beeping ] Dr. Rosen better know what he 's doing . Great confidence in you , Miss Theroux . You 've shown tremendous skill in expanding your ability whenever given the opportunity . All right , so how do I do this ? Jason 's ability is centered in the frontal polar parietal cortices . He 'll be vulnerable to stimuli in the more fundamental areas of his brain . So what he 's saying , Nina , is , uh , not to exert control over his ability , uh , directly at the outset , the way you did with the two high school kids , but instead , to make him feel something on a more primal level in order to distract him . Study his EEG very carefully . I 'm gonna try everything I can to make him see reason , but I want you to be ready just in case . Okay . Uh , I believe we 're done here . Mr. Harken and Mr. Hicks will , uh , show you to the elevator . Good luck . We 're not going to the elevators , are we ? We 're going to the elevator , just not gonna leave the building . Hey ! You killed Anna . You killed a lot of people , and now you 're gonna go to jail . I simply wanted her arrested . The government murdered Anna , and Dr. Rosen did nothing to stop them . Okay , that 's enough . Highland Mills ? The community in Maine ? And now Jason Miller ? Where Dr. Rosen goes , trouble for Alphas follows . Gary , don 't listen to him . Come on . Signed and sealed . Come on , we gotta get upstairs . Do not open that door , understood ? - Yes , sir . - Under any circumstances . [ Beep ] This is not what we discussed , Lee . No . No , we 're only beginning to understand who each of us is . I learned a lot about you today , Stanton . A man who says he 's , uh , helping to save dozens of lives , that 's very forthcoming about his motives , even the possibility that he and I are not so different on some level . Admits to weakness , and error , and ... I 'm only human , Lee . It was only to gain my trust . What happens to that poor , damaged young man is incidental to you . You 're trying to , uh , how shall I say , recruit me , aren 't you , Stanton ? You have to admit , we make a great team . It 's never going to happen . You should not have threatened Danielle . Guard , could I have some water ? Please ? I wanna go now , Dr. Rosen . Jason , the people in your neural link , you--you must let them go . You have to set them free . No , I don 't . Because I 'll be alone again , and you have no idea how that felt . During World War II , an American Lieutenant and his squad came across a field of potatoes while out foraging . The Lieutenant left to speak to the farmer , ordered his men not to go into the field . He was just being cautious . The men were starving . They hadn 't eaten in days . All that food , just sitting there . When the Lieutenant returned , half his men were dying and the other half were dead . Blown to pieces . The Germans had been laying mines in some of the fields as they retreated . That Lieutenant was me . A desperate man will do just about anything . [ Squelch ] [ Groans ] [ Thud ] Your mother is in a coma , Jason , right now . And that 's gonna happen to everyone else--Lisa , too . I don 't believe it . You 're lying . I 'm not hurting them , okay , because I can feel their thoughts , and believe me , it feels good . For the first time in my life , I feel like I belong . I really want to go now . Nina , I 'm afraid I 'm going to need you after all . Are you ready ? I 'll be right there , Lee . - I really wanna go now . - I really wanna go now . - I really wanna go now ! - I really wanna go now ! - I really wanna go now . - I really wanna go now . - I really wanna go now ! - Go back to sleep . - They 're here . - Gary , how many ? [ Siren wailing ] I think all of them . Power 's out , but the backup 's on . Secure stairwells are clear , but they 're coming up the public ones . Oh , okay . I 'll close the blast door . No , no , no , no . Hicks is bringing up tranq guns . Well , he should hurry up , 'cause they 're gonna close automatically . Damn , there 's a lot of them . Hey , we 're gonna need teams in the main entrance and all public stairwells . Tranq guns only , copy ? Tranq guns only . Right away , sir . Agent Harken , come in . [ Gasps ] [ Grunts ] [ Gunfire ] - [ Choking ] - That wasn 't the lesson . The lesson is follow orders . [ Snap ] [ Magazine clicks , snaps ] [ grunts ] I got the tranq guns . Drama queen . [ Exhales ] They 're being crushed . All right , we 're gonna have to let these kids in . They 're gonna kill themselves . All right , let 's drop back , try and buy ourselves some more time . Bill . All right , Gary , now . [ Beeps ] [ Metal clanging ] Whoa . [ Banging on glass ] Doc , I don 't know how long we can hold out here . Tell Nina , hurry . Jason 's gone . 'Cause that 's just what we need . Perfect . Well , he 's still here somewhere , because those kids are still attacking . [ Distant banging ] Check Parish . Choi , Grant . How 's Parish ? Respond . Choi , Grant , respond . Get back to the office . I 'll check this area . If they get through , is this gonna be enough ? [ Banging ] Jason ! Dr. Rosen ? Dr. Rosen , something 's wrong . He said that he 'd get me out of here , then he locked himself in that room . You brought Parish into your neural link ? He said that he wanted me to , but now something 's happening and I can 't stop it . He wants to take control of your collective . But it 's going to be all right , Jason . Let me help you . Bring me in , please . [ Warbling tone ] [ Buzzing ] [ Warbling tone ] Jason ? You- - Jason , everyone here is part of your shared consciousness . I know , but- - but he 's taking them away . Stanton . How are you doing this ? It 's sort of a neural failsafe . It 's an important early step in Jason 's treatments . You didn 't think I would create something I couldn 't control , did you ? No , no , no , no , please , not you . Lisa . Lisa ! Those doors aren 't gonna hold forever . I must admit I didn 't see the boy 's full value until just now . You 've grown far more powerful than I ever anticipated , Jason , but you 're clearly not comfortable with leadership . Jason , you don 't have to let him do this . - Don 't listen to him , Jason- - - You can break the link ! He doesn 't know what he 's talking about . You can set all these people free . He doesn 't understand us . He 's not like us . Go , Jason . Be with your friends . Set them free , Jason . - I can 't . - Yes , you can ! - It 's your brain . - You 'll be alone . I don 't want it to be like it was before . - It will not be like before . - Yes , it will . Trust me , Jason . Jason ! No ! No ! [ Overlapping sounds , warbling ] Look . They 're stopping . Think we 're okay ? I can 't hear the infrasonic fields anymore . It wasn 't me . Where 's Dr. Rosen ? [ Grunts ] Jason . Jason . Jason . [ Exhales ] Oh , Dr. Rosen ? [ Grunts ] Thank you , Jason . I know that was a very difficult choice to make , but your ability , and--and that man , who knows what would 've happened . Dr. Rosen , you okay ? No , we 're--we 're fine . It 's fine . Where 's Parish ? [ Thud ] Damn it . D.O.D. bean counter said we don 't need ballistic glass on every floor . You see anything ? Nothing . He 's gone . - Hey . - Hey . I finally got all those kids checked out and sent home . Three of those little boys asked me out on a date . [ Both laugh ] Well , that 's sweet . You could , you know , buy your date his beer . No ! Oh , my goodness ! And they smelled like they bathed in cologne . It was really gross . It was just- - [ Laughter ] John has introduced me to scotch . Mmhmm . I have a really wicked bottle of 18-year-old Oban in my office . I have something I need to take care of tonight . Mmm . You 're taking the file to the senator 's doctor , huh ? Rain check ? Rain check . By the way , if- - if you 're not sleeping with him , and he 's still buying you $ 100 scotch , he 's a keeper . [ Exhales ] We 'll see . Hell of a couple of days , huh ? Ah , yes , indeed . Hey , Doc . Parish knew our layout cold . Now , normally , I would say that that is luck , but something tells me this guy makes his own luck . It wasn 't his luck , Cameron . It was my own overconfidence , thinking I could- - I could trap him here somehow . That was- - that was a brilliant move on his part . He wanted me to bring him here so he could meet all of you . Well , wheels within wheels . [ Chuckles ] Sorry . Uh , being inside his head has--has given me a lot to think about . We 're gonna get him . You know that , right ? Okay , let me just grab my bag , and ... [ Clears throat ] - Cameron ? - Yeah ? Is , is that a new one of Dani 's ? Yeah , she just finished it . You haven 't seen it before ? Yes , I have . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
