 CTB Film Company Channel One Russia Yugra-Film Film Company PKTK Ritm Sberbank With the support of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation With the support of the government of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area ( Yugra ) and the Domestic Cinema Support Fund In cooperation with OTRK Yugra and Solivs Film Company present a film by Georgi Daneliya Koo ! Kin-Dza-Dza Koo , koo , koo Kew ! Mama , mama , what are we to do when the cold season comes ? You don 't have a warm scarf ... Savages Mr. Chizhov , it 's your phone Hello ? No , this isn 't Frosya People ! Tell me the number of your planet in the Tentura People ! I mixed up my contacts . What number do I dial to teleport home ? I 'll sign everything Could you just do one small favor for me , Lucy ? When you took your things , you accidentally took my blue slippers too Could you bring them back ? I 'm quite attached to them . Goodbye Fyodor , could you pass me my instrument please ? I 'll walk Mama , mama , what are we to do when the cold season comes ? Hello ? Yes , Frosya I have your phone I took it by mistake Goose ? You said it would be duck All right , goose it is then . Set the table No , no , it won 't get cold . I 'll be there in a minute Hello , Mr. Chizhov ! Idiot Did I scare you ? I thought you 'd like it I 'm Tolik , Yelena 's son Who 's Yelena ? Yelena Tsarapkin , your cousin I came here to study to be a DJ , but there was no room at the dorm - Can I stay with you for now ? - No , you can 't Hello ? No , this isn 't Frosya - You dropped some candy - Keep it Uncle Vova , here 's the thing . I was robbed on the train Could you lend me 1,500 roubles ? I 'll pay you back as soon as mom wires me some money - I don 't carry cash on me . Good night - How about 300 , then ? Listen , young man ... People ! People , tell me your planet 's number in the Tentura Junkie Or at least the number of your galaxy in the Spiral Your feet will freeze off . Go down into the subway No time for the subway . Please help me Here 's my teleporter . I mixed up my contacts What number do I dial to teleport back home ? Dial 911 , they 'll help No , I can 't ! 911 is Pluke ! There are Chatlanians there ! Sure you can . Hold this - Yes , hello ? - Where 's the " 9 " here ? No , this isn 't Frosya Woah ! Listen , I 've had enough of this I 'll be damned ! - We 're on Pluke , Uncle Vova ! - Where ? That fellow with the daisies said that 911 was Pluke I dialed the number , and here we are on Pluke Hold on Tell your barefoot hypnotist that these tricks won 't work on me ! Uncle Vova , wait ! Something 's coming ! A robot A humanoid Another trick ? Let me take a photo , Uncle Vova , or no one will believe us Say " cheese " ! That 's enough ! Good day , friends . We are aliens from the planet Earth - We are ... - Kew - Koo - Koo Hello Chem ' ? He wants money I don 't have that kind Here , I have roubles , dollars ... I 'll pay you . Just take us out of here Kew ! Koo ? He wants your hat My hat ? Here And your coat Now he wants your fiddle I can 't give you this , it 's a musical instrument Now he wants your hat Dream on ! Hey you , wise guy ! Let it go There 's nothing in there Open it Here , see for yourself It 's a laser pointer That 's shampoo . Soap for the head Like it , huh ? How about a swap ? I 'll give you the hat and the drink for that gizmo on his neck . And two chatles Could you give us a lift ? See , it 's quite odd , actually We met this strange man , and the kid pressed a button What 's taking you so long ? Hurry up ! Hey ! Come back , you jerk ! Give it back ! Forget it ! Let him have it ! I 'll remember this ! I 'll get you later , you half-witted cyborg ! - It 's just shampoo - I paid cash for that shampoo , maestro Cash that certain people say they don 't carry around I don 't , for people like you They 're coming back - Young man , what 's your name again ? - I told you - Tolik Tolik , give them whatever they want , or we 're going to die here . Understand ? So how come you didn 't give them your fiddle ? Ketse ! They want a match This ? Another one ? Be my guest Want the match ? First take us out of here , then we 'll give you the " koo " " Kew " what ? Here it is ! Kew yourself Here ! Found it Why do you want it ? It 'll come in handy Hello , fellow earthlings . DJ Tolik Tsarapkin here If I had video cameras built into my eyes you 'd see that sitting across from me are two shameless , shabby-looking ... Stop it - Just look at these weirdos - Look , do me a favor . Be quiet I 've got a splitting headache Ketse Indeed , Uncle Vova Ziegenbogen will be wearing your slippers now They speak Russian ! House slippers You speak Russian ? We 're trying . You were thinking about slippers I just repeated what you thought - Why were you pretending ... ? - Why yap for no reason ? How many matches will we get if we take you to Earth ? - How many do you need ? - Two full boxes like that one - Six - What ? I 'll give you three , and that 's it Five Four , and the gizmo ls this your last word ? The lastest ! Mama , mama , what am I to do ? Mama , mama , how am I going to live ? Here Stop it ! I 'm begging you ! - What does this switch do ? - Don 't touch it ! Flip the tsapa back ! Flip it back now ! OK ! Darn it , I can 't see a thing ! Give it to me . Give it back to me , buddy ! - No way ! - Switch the tsapa off , you jerk ! - Give it back ! We 're going to crash ! - Four chatles or I 'm keeping it - It costs less than half a chatl - Three , and that 's final - Your last word ? - The lastest Here ! Count it ! You took a bite out of one . Give me a new one Dream on Uncle Vova , come over here Look here . This is the Kin-Dza-Dza Galaxy This is planet Pluke , we 're here Where is your planet ? Show me Let me have a look . Right ... - Where 's the Moon here ? - Don 't even bother trying For half a chatl any planetarium in the Center will give us the number of your planet Buckle up , we 're landing - Where 's he going ? - Shh , be quiet - Why ? - Just because - They 're buying stolen property there ? - Shut up . They can hear everything I don 't care what they can hear They have a gravitsapa . Give me the matchbox , I 'll buy one Hold your horses , wise guy ! First tell us what this gravitsapa is for Without a gravitsapa , buddy , our pepelats can only fly above the surface Now , with a gravitsapa , we 'll get to any planet in five minutes Give me the matches , Uncle Vova Don 't ! They 're swindlers It 's just nerves It 's stuffy in here Tolik , son , would you turn the AC on please ? See , I 'm ... Can you climb up there ? Where 's the switch here ? Ah , that 's better . Nice and quiet Hand over the matches , Uncle Vova Open it up ! Right this second ! Uncle Vova , buddy , don 't worry about it He 's doing fine . He 's taking a break Thinking about the goose OK . Hear for yourself , if you don 't believe me Tolik , can you hear me ? You freaks ! If you don 't let me out right now ... See ? He 's alert , and full of vigor and determination They won 't let us in . They 'll only let you in Don 't think about your matches . Just show them the ketse in my box Get going . The sooner you buy it , the sooner you 'll get home Go Uncle Vova , hold on a second ! Put this on your nose , buddy Thank you , but it 's not really my style Who do you think you are ? I am a musician No . You 're a Patsak He 's also a Patsak . Him , too . And Traz is a Chatlanian So put the tsak on . Got it ? - Not really - Look at me with this visualizer , buddy Which dot lights up ? The green one Now let 's try it on you . Also green That 's because we 're Patsaks Now look at Wef . Which dot do you see now ? The orange one That 's because Mr. Wef is a Chatlanian - Now do you understand ? - What ? Without a tsak any ecilop will tranklucate you Pluke is a Chatlanian planet , buddy That 's why we Patsaks must wear tsaks and do the " koo " before Chatlanians Like this . Get it ? Would you do that one more time , slowly ? Like this Uncle Vova , you 've got concerts scheduled your wife left you for Ziegenbogen , and you 're ... Don 't make it harder for yourself , buddy Uncle Vova ! Leave the fiddle here It 's a cello ! A CELLO ! And stop calling me Uncle Vova ! My name is Vladimir ! Vladimir Chizhov ! Got it ? No problem , Uncle Vova Hi Well , what do I think about you , huh ? Go on , read my mind This way , Patsak Come , come , fiddler Good day Give us your ketse , and you 'll get a gravitsapa Here you go - Got to check it - Please do Koo , Uncle Vova Go ahead , take a seat Sit there , Patsak This place is for VIP clients only Tell Mr. Traz that I 'm no regular Joe , either I 'm a famous musician , and a distinguished professor ... He says we don 't care A VIP client is one with at least two ketses At least two ketses Tell him I have more than two You keep ketses in that box ? Yes , I keep ketses in it Ketses must be kept in a ketse-box Without a ketse-box the ketse loses its zura Now I 've got to run the check all over again ! I do apologize if this is a personal question Ziegenbogen , is he a banker ? - That 's irrelevant to the matter at hand . - Of course , if you say so - Here 's a small gift from our company - Thank you Will you excuse me for a moment ? Gentlemen ! Something 's wrong here . Come and see ! Here 's the Sun Here 's the Moon . Here 's Moscow Here 's the train station . We fly along the tracks down to Tula ... Get down ! They 'll be at it for a while - What 's going on ? - Bee said we should go to the Center but Wef brought us here because here it 's " two chatles cheaper " - What about Uncle Vova ? - Uncle Vova gave them all the matches Where is he ? Did they take him with them ? Nah , he 's over there You 're going to dig like that until your last breath - Only I can dig him up . - Well , dig him up , then ! Why should I ? He doesn 't have any more matches He has one He 's hiding it in his shoe Guys , I just remembered . It 's not in his shoe He keeps it in a secret pocket in his underpants Pull him out Uncle Vova ! Is he dead ? Not necessarily . Take it easy , Patsak . Let 's find out Still alive - Take off your pants , buddy - What ? Drop your drawers , professor ! Defend yourselves ! But I 'm warning you : I used to be a boxer Easy there ! I was joking . I 've got the match . Here Will this desert ever end ? No What about trees or seas ? Trees and seas were all turned into lutz ages ago , buddy You mean ketse ? Fuel , you fool . Fuel ! What 's ketse , then ? A drug ? No Ketse is ketse Oh , Lord ... Koo . One , two , three ... TOLIK - Here . Eat - What is it ? Plastic porridge And for Uncle Vova ? Later Look , Patsak , I like you , so I 'll explain If you have a few ketses , you can wear yellow pants and a Patsak has to squat before you not once , but twice And do the " koo " If you have many ketses , son you can wear crimson pants And then both a Patsak and a Chatlanian have to do the " koo " before you And an ecilop has no right to beat you up at night Ever Tolik , give the match to me I 'll give you a pair of crimson pants at the Center I 'm nobody It 's Uncle Vova who deserves crimson pants He 's the coolest - The fiddler 's gone , buddy - What do you mean ? I pressed the kapa and he flew away Say that again ? We don 't need the fiddler , buddy . He was just a waste of fuel Uncle Vova ? Uncle Vova ? Turn back Don 't worry , we have an extra escape pod Brand new Turn back or I 'll burn this ! Stop ! Stop ! Wait for me ! Wait for me ! Good day , I 'm ... Oh , I 'm sorry . I forgot You see , I had an accident ... I wanted to take a shower and the cabin just fell off Could you give me a lift to the Center ... ? This is a cello . A musical instrument I know them ! They 're coming for me ! I 'm over here ! Over here ! " Koo " what ? Stop kooing me ! Stay here and keep out of sight . And don 't think about the match ! Where 's Tolik ? Right here , Uncle Vova Tolik , come out . That jerk saw you Koo , officer ecilop Give the match to the creep - What match ? - Give it to him Officer ecilop , they 're hallucinating after the shampoo They drank all of my shampoo I thought I 'd wash my hair after I teleported I don 't have any matches He can 't hear you , buddy . He 's deaf Shame on you ! How dare you lie to an ecilop ? Give me your foot , you swindler ! What are you doing , moron ? Be quiet now , thinker Bye Patsaks ! Why were you thinking about the match ? Imbecile ! Why were you thinking about the match , you cretin , you idiot ? Patsakian dimwit ! Tolik , help me out over here ! What a tragedy ! What a tragedy ! I only thought about the match because you told me not to I was going to think about the goose There 's still hope , gentlemen We 'll go see your government I 'll tell them who I am , put on a free performance for them We 'll establish cultural and economic ties We 'll trade you ketses for pepelatses and yellow pants To get to the government , you need to have a gravitsapa The government lives on another planet , buddy They have butterflies there , too Tolik , get him ! What are you doing ! Drop it ! Stop , you jerk ! So long , DJ ! Never before ... Never before in all the Galaxy has there been such a despicable Patsak as you ! Tolik Tsarapkin The woods are so beautiful in winter Fir trees put on their fur hats Birds sing Cuckoo ! Cuckoo ! Mama , mama , what am I to do ? Hello ? Hello ? This is Tolik Yelena Tsarapkin 's son All right , let 's have goose ... Give me that ! Hello ? Speak up ! Uncle Vova ... I was just kidding Tolik , please address me by my full name It would be more polite Why ? I 'm your nephew Because I don 't have a cousin named Yelena Tsarapkin That 's why No cousin ? Fine Hello , earthlings . DJ Tolik Tsarapkin here Tolik ! A tornado ! Get down ! AN ABRIDGED CHATLANIAN-PATSAK DICTIONARY PEPELATS - a spaceship GRAVITSAPA - an anti-gravity kapa ECILOP - a policeman TSAK - a nose bell ETSIKH - prison KETSE - a match KEW - a socially acceptable obscenity KOO - all other words Bless you ! Hey ! Wait up ! No come closer ! What you want ? We are Patsaks from the planet Earth - Can you take us to the Center ? - Three chatles please We don 't have any money . But we 'll work for it What do you can ? - Anything - Be you specific Specific ? Vladimir here is specifically a famous fiddler Him Play - Here ? - There ! I 'm very sorry , but I can 't ! To play this instrument I need to be sitting down Thank you , goodbye Wait ! - Here , sit on me - This is ridiculous If they leave , we 're dead Play already ! No play like that ! We puke Thank you , goodbye Hold it ! i 'll play Hand it over You play or we leave Here . Be careful with it Don 't touch it ! It 's tuned I 'm tuning it guitar-like We not want guitar . We want fiddle . You play with stick And sit To play this instrument you need to be sitting down Vladimir Look , you sat on me You play or we leave Wait . We turn volume up . Koo And Sing ! One , two , three Mama , mama , what are we to do ? This we like a lot This we no puke OK , grandma , you go : oompa , oompa , oomph You , pops , you only go : dun . Bring it on ! Stop . Faster please Why he no sing ? He 'll go " oooh " in between Spare me please And porridge eat you want ? " Do you want to eat ? " Mind your grammar please We talk , you mind grammar . Then you be of any use Do " koo " now , or the ecilop tranklucate us ! A hologram ? That 's Pezhe Who 's Pezhe ? He great ! I so love Pezhe ! Me too We praise skies all the time that he let us on Pluke - Was it even worse on your planet ? - Air No air ? Air yes , but not everyone breathe What do you mean ? If you have money you breathe - And if you have no money ? - Then you blow up your balloon Quick ! Get in cage . Patsaks must sing in cage A nightingale doesn 't sing in a cage , grandma Let 's get in , if that 's the rule One , two , three ... You , nightingale , do it the right way : sit on the fiddler - How do you know what 's the right way ? - I thought it look nice Some aesthete ... One , two , three ... Hey , Patsak ! Stop making faces at me ! Don 't you like Chatlanians ? Smile , smile yourself ! Stretch lips to ears Like this Are you baring your teeth at me ? A Patsak 's smile must be joyful and sincere Listen here , pops . Either you shut up and we play , or goodbye ! Our goose is getting cold What ? A misfire Hold on . You just wait ! Must leave now Here hill . Need to push cart One , two , and push ! Goodbye Patsaks ! You think you can run away from me ? Nightingales ! Let 's get out of here Switch off your phone Wait a second Hello ? Frosya , could you give me some garlic ? This is Vladimir Chizhov . Could you do me a favor ? Ask Frosya to call Fima in London and tell him to call Parmakov ... Don 't worry , daddy Daddy ! Daddy ! Look what that clown Pezhe has done to the planet ! Patsaks are flashing their butts at us in broad daylight ! Daddy , don 't look at all this ! Earth is somewhere out there How long have we been stuck here on this Pluke ? Forty-seven hours and twenty minutes I have a rehearsal in London in 4 hours Uncle Vova ... ls it hard to get into show business ? I don 't know How did you get into it ? Paid half a ketse for it You poor thing Don 't worry , I won 't let anything bad happen to you anymore Good evening ls this for me ? Thank you very much Do you want me to play ? Well , you scared off the only music connoisseur on this planet FITYULKA Tolik , have you seen my wallet by any chance ? No . Did you lose it ? Must have fallen out No , it couldn 't have fallen out The pocket was zipped up Are you saying I took it ? Here . See for yourself ! Hi there - Where 's your flying pigpen ? - Over there . We ran out of lutz It 's all your fault , jerk Think that I 'm holding a tranklucator Hey ! Turn around Uncle Tolik , don 't kill me ! We 're both Patsaks We 're brothers ! He 's a Chatlanian Kill him instead . He made me do it ! Uncle Tolik ... Don 't listen to him , Uncle Tolik ! I love you like a son I swear by my lifeblood ! Lies ! He 's lying , Uncle Tolik ! He said , " To hell with them . To hell with them " You can step on my face if you want to , buddy That can wait Now , raise the cage and step aside After you , Vladimir Well , you can sit on me , if you want to I 'll teach you how to play . It 's simple : you grab the stick with your hand ... No , thank you . I 'd rather be a chair Mama , mama , what are we to do when the freezing season comes ? You don 't have a warm scarf I don 't have a warm coat Uncle Tolik , keep going , buddy ! They like it - They get it - An ecilop ! Well , humanoids , is there enough for a gravitsapa ? No , buddy , you need a lot more than that Vladimir , keep your eyes on them . There are 13 chatles there Pick about 300 of these things . Then , in the next show , when I come onstage ... What are you doing , buddy ? That 's a last breath . A grave Does no one sing in cages on Earth ? Mr. Wef , on Earth only animals are kept in cages - Are animals Patsaks ? - More like Chatlanians So you have the same flagrant racism as here , on Pluke Only on Earth it was the Patsaks who took power , not the Chatlanians Together with Uncle Tolik 's friend , a nightingale Well , Vladimir ? Hey , Patsak ! This is where you go " koo " I didn 't hear it Well , don 't stick fingers in your ears I can 't bear listening to this Then just watch When I raise one finger , you sing " koo " Two fingers , " ee " . Got it ? Go ! Mama , mama , what are we to do when the cold season comes ? I don 't have a warm scarf You don 't have a warm coat Vladimir ? He 's just dumb ! I am among the five best musicians in the world ! Do you expect me to go " cuckoo " with you here ? Enough ! Uncle Tolik , don 't fret . He 's just jealous Never before in all the Galaxy has there been such a talentless Patsak as him Says he 's among the top five musicians on the planet when he can 't even memorize two notes Jerk I have a business proposal . You and I lose them in the Center We buy a gravitsapa and fly to Earth We split the matches evenly : 2 boxes for you , 3 for me . Deal ? - How are we going to buy the gravitsapa ? - No problem Here Gentlemen virtuosos of Planet Pluke Come here for a moment . Mr. Abradox has a surprise for you Ketse ! Woah ! What 's that ? A zeppelin ? It 's the last breath of Pezhe ls he dead ? What are you saying , buddy ? Pezhe is very much alive Who is this Pezhe anyway ? Your president ? Pezhe is Pezhe , buddy I love Pezhe very much Couldn 't we have landed a little closer ? Then we 'd have to pay for a landing ticket Piece of cake , Vladimir . Come on over I don 't think I can , Tolik . I am acrophobic - You 're what ? - Acrophobic . It 's a condition The fear of heights All right . Wait there , then Let 's go - Uncle Tolik , put on a tsak , buddy - I will , later Hey ! Want some cosmic dust ? - Does the fiddler have any chatles ? - No It 's fresh . Yesterday 's Tell him to bury himself in the sand if he sees an ecilop Guys , let 's carry him over No need to carry him I can bring him over on my tsurlap for one chatl Deal Get on . Acrophobes ... - Are we going around it ? - Get on already Just try not to breathe on my neck And don 't touch me I hate acrophobes You 're the cause of all this mess - Hey ! Where are you going ? - Get your hands off of me ! - Hold on , Uncle Vova ! - Don 't ! The plank will snap ! Abradox will save them ! He won 't pay . Let 's go - What about Uncle Vova ? - What about him ? - You said he didn 't have money . Let 's go - I 'll pay . Save them Two chatles . There are two of them Here 's one . Here 's two Add one more . For the ecilop Hey you , stop ! Listen you , acrophobe I 'm not paying . It 's all your fault that we 're hanging here Quit mooing and pay up ! Acrophobes . I 'd strangle you all I don 't have any money . None Now I understand why Lucy left you for Ziegenbogen Oh yeah ? Why ? Because you 're a miser and a coward - Who , me ? - Who else ? Watch my hand , hero By the shores of Gitche Gumee By the shining Big-Sea-Water That 's one ! Stood the wigwam of Nokomis Daughter of the Moon , Nokomis Rose the black and gloomy pine-trees That 's two ! - Hey ! Stop joking around - Be quiet Dark behind it rose the forest Rose the firs with cones upon them Bright before it beat the water Beat the clear and sunny water - That 's three ! - Enough ! I 'll pay ! Don 't interrupt me ! There the wrinkled old Nokomis Nursed the little Hiawatha Rocked him in his linden cradle Rocked him in his ... Rocked him in his linden cradle Stop. you scum ! Bedded soft in moss and rushes Hey you , humanoids ! If you don 't pull him up now , I 'll sell you to Moscow Zoo For three chatles apiece Chatl Patsaks in the back Man , that 's totally unreal ! I can 't even see the bottom There is no bottom , buddy . It 's the edge of the planet ls it flat , lying on the backs of three elephants ? Oh , no . When they were testing the gigatsapa they forgot to put the purz into the ketse-box So a piece broke off Completely They 're pumping up the last breath , huh ? Patsak , I love Pezhe very much ! Get it ? - Me too - And me ! And I koo him even more Hey , Patsak ! Want to buy a gravitsapa ? A dual-zur model with a magnetic kapa . Look Does it work ? What do you take me for ? Like clockwork Listen for yourself So you 'll buy it ? Guys , there 's a man selling a gravitsapa there . Do we want it ? Later . First we need the address Yellow pants ! " Koo " twice ! - Want some mirages ? - What mirages ? Good mirages Tsarapkin , is that you ? Lizyakina Tolik , you 're like , woah ! You should have called and said you were going to Pluke Your mom is totally freaking out I tried . Couldn 't get the signal Uncle Vova , this is Lida Lizyakina from the ninth grade Hello Hi . I saw you on TV Tolik , are there any clubs around here ? I don 't know , I haven 't checked yet Cool . Do you want me to kiss you ? Sure Pay up . Two chatles - For what ? - For the mirage Want to see more ? Don 't buy it , Tolik . That 's a pirated mirage Let 's go . I have a legal copy The adult version Think the diameter of your planet 's orbit - The diameter of the orbit ? - Yes , the diameter . Are you deaf ? - 2 x pi x radius , Uncle Vova . - Two pi R ? No , that 's something else - Give her one of your hairs - Why ? She 'll extract the coordinates from your DNA , buddy It 's dyed It 's not dye . It 's conditioner Doesn 't matter . The structure is damaged Pull one out from your nose . There 's one sticking out Shut up Do you use conditioner on your nose hair too , Hiawatha ? You give me one No problem Shampoo ? Yup , the real thing . From Vietnam . Mom bought it in town This will do This will take a minute . You can call Earth in the mean time - That 's great ! - Think your phone number With the area code ? Hello ? Who 's this ? Speak up Say something . Time 's ticking Mom , hi ! How are things ? Tolik ! Tolik ! ls that you ? Tolik ? Tolik , where are you ? I 'm at Uncle Vova 's country house Uncle Vova 's ? Tolik , why did you go see that snob ? I told you not to ! Mom , he can hear you Time 's up . Over and out Hey , that sounded like Yelena Mashkova That 's right Wait a minute . You said your mother was Yelena Tsarapkin Look , fiddler , his mother married his father And so she became a Tsarapkin Understand ? Remember this once and for all , Patsaks The number of your planet is Uzm-27 in the Spiral , 16 in the Tentura Tolik , I 'm very sorry Just forget it Uncle Vova , may I stay the night at your place when we get back ? Of course You know what , Tolik ? You can move in with me - Nah , mom wouldn 't like it - What 's the number ? Twenty-seven in the Spiral , 16 in the Tentura Your mom can move in , too Uncle Vova , is Ziegenbogen a banker ? - No , a flutist Mama , mama , what am I to do ? Mama , mama , how am I going to live ? Uncle Vova , look . My jacket and your coat - Were they the ones who stole our matches ? - Yes , that 's them Crimson pants . They 'll throw you in an etsikh with nails for life ! - Tolik , don 't - I 'll be right back Mama , mama , what am I to do ? Mama , mama , how am I going to live ? Ni Ni I forgive you the ketses but you 're going to have to return ourjacket and coat Lizyakina ! Have some pride . Stop chasing after him Can 't trick me , lady . It 's a pirated mirage Then tell your mirage that decent girls wear tsaks in their noses instead of the navel And only one , not five Gentlemen , one moment please Bravo , maestro ! Hail , Earthling ! If you ever set foot on this miserable planet know that the first visitors from Earth were Tolik Tsarapkin and his uncle , a famous cellist , Vladimir ... Well , that 's that Patsak , where is he , your Hiawatha ? - He 's in the etsikh - And the other two ? Them too That 'll teach him to scare the planet " Rocked him in his linden cradle " - Damn acrophobes - Quiet now Hello , tin man - Did they let you go ? - They stole the match and hit me in the eye - ls that our fiddle ? - It 's mine now . I glued it back together - Help me fetch the cage - Why ? We 'll perform , make some money to bail our guys out . Let 's go Tsarapkin , I 've gone solo I don 't need anyone Shove off . Don 't mess up my act - Give me the fiddle - No way I 'm asking you nicely Don 't come any closer , Patsak , or I 'll poke you ! Oh really ? Jerk ! I wish I could smash the fiddle against his head , too Don 't think about that , Tsarapkin ! Think about the goose instead Or about Lida Lizyakina from the ninth grade Honk-honk-honk ! Idiot You should have seen the pepelats he bought with our match ! A triple micro-tsapa with a magneto-zur Aromatic spiral bolts , a laser-equipped toilet in the mainframe Can you talk with the deaf ? - Sure , why ? - I have a business proposal for him - What is it ? - He takes me to Earth and back and I give him ten boxes of ketses OK , and 3,000 boxes for me - How many ? - Tsarapkin Dough is not a problem . I 've got dough Yen , euros , dollars , roubles ... OK ? Mama , mama , what am I to do ? Mama , mama , how am I going to live ? Buckle up Patsak . We 're going to crash land soon - Why ? - Just because We 're falling . I pinched the gravitsapa - Why ? - We 'll install it on our ... Tsarapkin ! Think about Lida Lizyakina from the ninth grade . Now ! - Come on , think ! - Lizyakina Good boy So , we 'll install it on our pepelats , and I keep the deaf guy 's share Put it back , you scum ! We 're going to crash ! You scumbag ! You broke the sky in the office of my beloved Pezhe ! Come out , Patsak Yeah , yeah , tin man . Just a second Everyone on the floor ! Hands behind your heads ! Pezhe 's coming with me . The rest don 't move for an hour Are we koo or not koo ? Koo , Uncle Tolik ! Koo , buddy What number ? Bring out Uncle Vova And the other two Why them ? Just because That 's one tough Patsak Hello Vladimir Chizhov - A video ? - No I 've been meaning to talk to you . This thing here is called a tsak - I think , you ... - Vova , just hit him in the face already What 's that ? What are you holding there ? A Plukian musical instrument . My grandfather gave it to me Ah , here come those two creeps Hey there Koo , Uncle Tolik ! Koo , buddy - Tsapa ? - Check - Kapa ? - Check Tsapa ? I said , tsapa ! Stop yelling . Tsarapkin , there 's some junkie asking for you People ! That was some dialing that you did It took ages to find you . Here 's your candy back Hi Hi . If you want , I can return you to Earth I found out the number How about this ? We go to Earth , buy matches , come back and hide them . Then we go back and buy ... You can 't bring ketses with you . Ketses are contraband - We 'll split it with you 50 : 50 - No - 90 : 10 - No - 90 : 9 - No ! Quit haggling , astronauts . We 'll fly on the pepelats - Stay out of this - 90 : 9 No , no , and no ! Off you go then , mister . Go home - Tsapa - Check - Kapa - Check Guys , do you like dumplings ? Sure OK , so then first we ... We 've landed Guys , this isn 't Earth . You missed it This is Xanud What Xanud ? - The planet where I was born - Me too Woah ! - You like it ? - I 'll be damned ! Uncle Tolik , like we told you the planet Xanud costs almost nothing now A month of singing " Mama " , and the planet is ours Another month , and we can buy the air Everybody without air will come here They 'll be crawling on all fours and we 'll just spit on them - What for ? - For fun Half the planet is yours , the other half is ours , deal ? It 's tempting , of course But we need to return to Moscow . Let 's not waste time You shut up . We 're not talking to you Uncle Tolik , come here , buddy Look here . We are here . Earth is here Earth is in the Antitentura , buddy . There 's no way we can reach it How so ? I 've been unlucky all my life - Did you learn that at the planetarium ? - Yes , buddy - Then why did you keep quiet ? - We didn 't , buddy ! We tried to convince him The kid screwed it all up " We 'll fly on the pepelats " The pepelats can 't make it to Earth Enough talk , let 's go divide the planet They 're lying , Uncle Vova Take us to Earth , right now ! Uncle Tolik , we can 't ! I swear on the kapa ! No , they 're not lying For those ketses they 'd crawl on all fours across the entire Galaxy Of course ! Put the mask on , Vova The oxygen here is only 30 % of the norm Arthur Ziegenbogen Flute concerto In memoriam of the great cellist Performed by the composer - Uncle Tolik , don 't kill me ! - Don 't listen to him , Uncle Tolik ! - We 're Patsaks . We 're brothers ! - I love you like a son ! Go to hell , you two Uncle Vova , put this on No one needs the fiddler , Uncle Tolik No one needs me , either Don 't . You 're still young . You 'll adapt Uncle Vova , I lied to you Nobody stole my money I lost it all in a street scam Just don 't tell mom OK ? Tsarapkin , after we crash-landed , my micro-tsapa has been glitchy Sing , before you blow up your balloon . I 'll record it onto the tsapa Bee said we should tranklucate the fiddler , " He has a bad influence on the boy " And Wef said , " What will Tsarapkin sit on ? " He 's greedy , like all Chatlanians people ! I forgot to tell you You can 't get to Earth on that ship We know . It 's in the Antitentura . So use your teleporter then Buddies , what about us ? - Don 't you feel sorry for us ? - Come along What ? Me ? To the planet where you can 't tell a savage Patsak from a Chatlanian ? - You can go back if you don 't like it - No , buddies Heavens be my witness : a society with no pants-color differentiation has no future ! I 'm sorry , I can 't wait any longer Friend , alien ! Wait just a few more minutes Tsarapkin , let 's record the entire act Be quick , I 'm suffocating Mama , mama , what are we to do when the cold season comes ? I have no warm scarf You have no warm coat Woah ! I 'll be damned Hello , Mr. Chizhov ! Idiot Did I scare you ? I thought you 'd like it I 'm Tolik , Yelena 's son Hello ? No , this isn 't Frosya - You dropped some candy - Keep it Uncle Vova , here 's the thing . I was robbed on the train Could you lend me 1,500 roubles ? I 'll pay you back as soon as mom wires me some money I don 't carry cash on me . Good night How about 300 , then ? Listen , young man if you don 't leave me alone ... Your phone is ringing - Hello ? - It 's Frosya Ziegenbogen brought your old slippers Should I take them ? Don 't . Koo , Uncle Vova ? Curiously good subtitles by Eclectic Translations
