 This is a free fansub : not for sale , rent , or auction 51 years since the war started Deployment New Anchorage Get down ! Find cover ! Change course ! Set course to 249.96 , we have to get out of here ! Roger . 249.96 Distance to destination ? Distance ... 2 : 28 Blue Leader , this is unit 347 ... We need support , I repeat , we need help ! Launch Control , Blue Leader here , reporting ready to scramble Blue 4 ready ! Blue 5 ready ! Understood . Open bay doors Launch control , deactivate the locks Roger Permission to launch granted . Good luck Okay , Danny , this is it . Hey Rick , what 's the name of this planet actually ? Do not know , Danny , they all look alike I know what it is not : " Home " Must be under terraforming . Did you know that .. - Wait a minute Danny , Something 's coming through Shit . What is it ? Blue Leader to Spearhead , I 'm getting photon shadows on the scanner ! Repeat , Blue Leader . Do you know what happens when we fly in there ? If the defense batteries are still up , we will have no chance ! Negative , Blue Leader . I 'm sorry . You 're on your own . Is there a problem ? Sir , you have told us that the area would be clear ! Captain Walker . Stick to the damn course ! Sir ! I will not let my men get butchered here ! Walker , that was no " Please " That was a command ! Blue Leader , Rick , what 's going on ? They 've fucked us , Danny ! What do you mean ? Blue Leader to Squadron , the Defense Batteries are still up ! All right , keep your noses down ! On my mark : break off . Here they come ! Warning , distance still 1.4 . Get ready ! And Fire ! Warning , missiles ! Squadron , break off . I repeat , Squadron break off ! Danny , get out of there ! Blue Squadron , fall back to base ! Spearhead . There 's no one left to fall back Year 57 of the War Good Morning , Captain Walker , did you sleep well ? Status . We 'll arrive at the target planet in a few moments Weapons and computer systems all fully operational Tell me about the planet . Adcalmahr . Mining Planet , Class C last Sycon outpost in the Neutral Zone . Base of the 158th Squadron . Population : 158,000 . The planet is ravaged by severe storms . Wallis ' Star Atlas lists it as barely habitable Planet Adcalmahr was seized from the mining company Trytec in 2231 , for its valuable raw materials . Since 2253 ... That 's Enough . Mining planet Adcalmahr Second largest producer of raw materials in the Sycon Imperium Attention , Unidentified Vessel , this is the Sycon cruiser Spearhead . You are in violation of the Adcalmahr Security Zone . Identify yourself . What do we have here , Lieutenant ? I cannot exactly say , sir . Its one of ours . But it 's not registered . Could be the enemy . Give it a shot across the bow . Fire Control , I want a clean shot to the following coordinates . Roger I hate it when they do this . Controller ! Get me Captain Downby ! Ah , sir , the unidentified vessel wants to speak to you . Really ? - Come on , put me on loud ! Yes , I ... - Put him on loud ! Downby .. Still commanding that old piece of junk ? Walker ? Is that you ? - Indeed . I have to pick someone up from the lump of rock . Don 't ask , you know . Yes , I know . May I pass ? - He can . Aye , sir . Identification confirmed . You may pass . Set automatic target approach , Vector 2.7,3 . Over . Understood , over . That 's never understood . I 've discovered a malfunction . Well , that 's something new . The left motivator in the AE-35 unit is malfunctioning . An automatic approach to target is no longer possible . Switch to manual control When the weather is this nice I prefer doing the flying myself anyways Extend the air brake , Nelly , we have to slow down ! Come on , old girl , don 't leave me in the lurch now ! What the heck ? ! Okay , Nick , whoever catches him first gets a bottle of Raloc ! Some Kannste will be just as good . That 's way too stupid . If I was you I 'd hold your fire ! I 've still got two Pathfinders . What 's this guy on about ? I 'm checking .. Damn , he 's right ! Pathfinder ? On such an ancient boneshaker ? Tracer One to Unknown Object , identify yourself . Why then not Captain Walker , l.D. Tango Charlie 292 It 's confirmed . Apologies , Captain , but we were hit pretty badly recently . Buffoon , that I 've experienced myself . Breaking off . Chrystal Palace , this is Tango Charlie 292 , my automatic landing locator is faulty , require instructions for manual approach . Roger Charlie Tango 292 , you have permission to land on platform 227 Roger . 227 . Good morning , sir . TC 85 , fine ship you have here . Did you have a pleasant flight ? During the approach I almost greased . Total failure of the left motivator . The computer was still busy telling me about the AE-35 unit , and then it started going down . If I had not switched off the automatic landing locator we could not be chatting so nicely now . AE-35 , huh ? Sir , I believe you have a real problem Do me a favor and simply throw the thing out ! But , sir , that 's not possible . I mean , the licensing . What , think I 'm bothered by licensing ? I don 't feel like dying , when the automatic landing locator goes , it takes you with it . Well , fair enough , if you say so , sir . And also see if you can 't fix the other little faults . No problem , give me a little time and you will not recognize this baby . I 'll be right back . You have the data . Check your programming once again , I want to make sure that no errors creep in I 've already done so . Do not worry Mr. Gibbons . I do not trust this pilot . I do not know if that was a good idea to take someone whom left the Reserves of his own accord . No matter what he is or was , sir . He 's fast , reliable and knows the route . Otherwise , he only knows he 'll be taking me to the peace negotiations . More he does not need to know . I hope you know how important this whole thing is for us . The negotiations and your mission . A negotiated peace is better than a lost war . And if you fail , then we won 't even get that . You should not worry , sir . Well then , enjoy your flight . And may you turn up there in one piece Is this the last you have . Increasingly difficult to source this stuff . What do I owe ? For you , twenty . Cutthroat . When I heard that you landed here , I thought I would find you in a bar . Drowning old memories or what ? General Galagher . Wait I see you 're not a general any more ! Do not pretend you 're surprised . We both know that your statement was an important point in my demotion . I 'm still of the meaning that one should not meaninglessly sacrifice soldiers while reaching for impossible goals . Not even in this fucking war . And you never turned into anything more than an insignificant squadron leader . What are you now ? You chase after any scum for the money to finance the repairs of that piece of junk you fly in I like my work . No rules , always in the fresh air , And no one that can order me to fly into a nest of enemy missiles You have not changed at all . Still the same disrespectful stubbornhead who cannot accept commands . Actually , I do The question is just , from whom . Now , Walker , this is my little playground , and here I give the orders . I might even order , that someone should move his vessel because its a danger to public aviation . If you want to bother with an " unimportant " ex-squadron leader , please go ahead . But then you have to do it quickly , for within an hour I 'm out of here Then you 'll have to find someone else to play your little power fantasies with . Now , Walker , if I had so many senselessly sent to their deaths What would one more be for me ? Now I 'm really scared ! Hey ! Miss ! Fingers away , or I 'll call security . I am security . You will forget everything , and tell no-one that I was here . Are we clear ? Yes . Good . Damn robot . Sir , the shuttle of the president is requesting permission to land . Permission to land granted . Two days late , Lieutenant ? I 'm sorry , sir . We were attacked by a confederation patrol and had to stop off at Port Liberty , to carry out repairs . Otherwise , the operation ran successfully ? We have delivered the package , but ... But what ? We may have a security leak . Then I 'll have to have an unpleasant conversation . Do you have much success ? Unfortunately , there was not much time , sir . But if you come with me , I will show you . Okay . Wait a minute . You have the plasma compensator connected with the FTC Board ? How will it work ? That 's easy . I just put the power quantum-interference - regulator on the secondary circuit in order to circumvent the system variation in cross-modulation . Ah yes . Have you ever before seen that little blue box next to the bipolar sensor ? Now that you mention it ... Any idea what it 's for ? I would say that couples the four plasma injectors ... Morning . I assume you are my passenger ? You said it . Where is the shuttle ? Shuttle ? Ah , no shuttle .. you will just have to get used to my bird . This ? Yes . This . Impressive . Anyway , I 'm Ambassador Cynthia Perkins . Captain Rick Walker . You do not look like a member of our fleet . I 'm not . I 've gone independent . More lucrative . Are we ready ? Not quite yet , but you can go take your seat already if you want . The motivator is good once more , right ? Even if nothing else will , it will What is got is good by me Send by a Bottle of Raloc ! Oh , uh ... The Box is an external processor for data feedback . No . Perhaps ... Wish me rather a good flight . All the best , baby ... Problems ? No , no . I 've just given the mechanic something to chew on Are you comfortable back there ? All fine . I hope you 've packed in something to read , will be a long flight . I 'll be fine . All weapons and computer systems fully operational Would you believe it . Crystal Palace this is Tango Charlie 292 , request permission to launch from platform 227 . Tango Charlie , confirmed : you have permission to go , Corridor 72 A Good flying . Roger , Crystal Palace , Corridor 72 A. Arlanyda Control , this Tango Charlie 292 . Open the gate for a hyper-jump to the Nydenion system . Roger , Tango Charlie 292 . Activate your plasma injectors . Pleasant flight . Thank you Alanyda Control . Nelly , prepare for the jump . Captain Walker ? Please do not call me captain . Walker ? - Yes ? How long is the flight ? We unfortunately have to make a small detour . The direct route to the neutral zone passes through the Crylon sector . Which is completely full of mines . They can spoil one 's whole day So we have to go around the outside . We 'll reach our target in about 2 hours . The Tucana will pass in close proximity of a neutral planet . We head for it and we are where we need to be . I hope , we do not have much time I saw some terrible damage at the station Were you around when the attack happened ? I arrived shortly before . The Rynephi had us greatly surprised . They really gave it all they had . A short time later they ran out of ammunition . And then our air cavalry arrived . Unfortunately a little too late . We had over 800 deaths . I do not understand why they attacked again . This was their last chance . They are against our negotiations with the Confederacy , Because they believe that we could ally ourselves together against them . Maybe it 'll all be over soon . Yes , maybe . May I ask you something personal ? Go ahead . Why did you leave ? Given up ? I don 't know what you mean . Your ideal ! From ideals one does not get rich . Are you just interested in the money ? Do not you wish for peace ? Do you know it was not my war , and it is not my peace . If you want my skills , you need to pay up , that is just how it is . We should try to get a little sleep , there is not much to do at the moment . I 'll wake you when we reach our destination Sir , I have a message from Argantus . Government Encryption . Put it through . Galagher . Some of us here in the Senate are of the opinion that this matter is not being proceeded with with the necessary vigor . What is your point ? You know , this thing is too delicate , we can 't afford mistakes . Rest assured , I am the right man for such a task . I warn you , Galagher , the thought of your failure being traced back to us is not met with much enthusiasm here in the Senate . You do not worry , The two are as good as dead ! I hope Galagher , or you 'll suffer the consequences ! Our supporters are in place . On the Home World , on the Front , and across the fleet . When the time comes , everyone will successfully complete their missions and we will go down in history as patriots . If you fail , Galagher , I will personally see to you future . Walker ? What happened ? What ? No , no , it 's all okay . Had a bad dream . Miss Perkins ? I just want to make sure your flight is going smoothly . Everything 's still going according to plan . You have not told him yet , right ? Does he have suspicions ? Rest assured , the mission will succeed . I hope so . You do realise : everything depends on its success . We cannot afford mistakes . Gibbons end . Where are we ? And why are we going slower ? Nydenion , an ancient beacon . We have to pass through here , because the ion storms are fierce in this sector , they make all navigation calculations useless . We will reach the next gate in only a few moments . Hello , what do we have here ? What is it ? The long-range scanners picked up something . I just can 't yet say exactly what . Now it 's clearer . Sycon interceptors . Probably our security escort . Target positively acquired , awaiting instructions . Destroy the target . Sir ? You shall destroy the target ! Aye aye , sir . Oh , hello ! Yes , they 've found us What ? No , not what I meant ! The thing with the escort ? Very nice , but they should really have told us earlier . Escort ? No , Captain Walker ! Those are ... Nelly , can you get a clear signal again ? Negative . The signal is being distorted Something 's not right , why are they not transmitting the code ? I have a pretty bad feeling over this ! I 've got you now ! Dammit ! They 're trying to kill us ! You don 't say ! This guy is good ! Do not worry , we 'll get him . Stupid piece of shit . What is it ? I 've got some bad news . I believe , this is not a good moment . The weapons are offline , and no feedback from the shields . They must have sabotaged us . - Who ? I don 't know ! What do we do now ? Dodge ? Warning ! Look out ! This guy is too fast for our guns . Switching to rockets . Yes ! What happened ? Positive on target destruction . Return to base . Malfunction . Malfunction . Malfunction . Yes yes yes . Engine number three has failed , avionics gone ! I cannot control the ship ! Well , what 's still operational ? The landing gear . Nope , we don 't need you any more . What 's up with the rockets ? Must release them , else they 'll fly around our ears . What are you waiting for ? Do you know how much one costs on the black market ? Walker ! - Okay , okay , I 'll drop them . Walker ? The missiles are these long gray things with the black stripes ? Yes ? And ? Well , they 're still hanging there ! What ? Oh shit ! Well , at least they 're not sharp . So we 'll be safe , only explosions round us . Safe ? - Well ... Back where you 're sitting it 'll look pretty good . You can 't see the seriousness ? ! Can yes , when things suit me . When I say so , brace yourself . Warning ! Now ! Stop , you bastard ! Now ? Mission accomplished , sir ! Sit down . Did you see the ship crashing ? Yes , indeed , sir ! Why is it then that we received a distress signal from the ship ? Sir ? Did you inspect the crash site ? Sir , that can 't be . No-one could survive such a crash ! I told you that we couldn 't afford to make such mistakes ! Sir , but I could not have ... You can go ! The ejection seats are still here . They 'll be heading north , to the transmitter . Where 's the data recorder ? Holy shit ! They 've found the ship . Can you see anything ? No , nothing there to see . Do you think someone survived ? Hardly . We need to continue . What is happening here ? The maps got this planet registered as Class F , meaning , capable of limited settlement . A few years ago the terraforming project went wrong . Strategically , located in a good position , but the weather 's gone crazy . That is , if you 're unlucky , you 'll walk out of a forest , and ten steps further you 'll find yourself in the middle of a desert . You 've almost given up . Here . Will do you good . No , thank you . Come on , you need water , otherwise you 'll fall over . Rest assured , I do not need that ! What the ... ? What you mean ? What 's coming towards us . - Interceptor ? No , way too low . And too slow . Terrain Scout ! I 've always wanted to try one . What other things do you also have with you ? I would tell you but you won 't believe me anyway . But no matter . These things are unmanned , we only have to knock out the control system . Like this ? Yes . Like this . Do you even know what you 're doing ? No . What , why is it taking so long ? Moment . This here is not so easy ! Walker , we don 't have time ! Okay , that 's enough ! I 'm not doing anything until you tell me what 's going on here . Can 't do that , Walker , we have to continue . Do not you think that it 's time that you tell me the truth ? We 've been shot down by our own people , is that not enough ? A 500 megaton bomb has been placed on the negotiation ship . And I know where it is . Where ? The explosive device was placed on the main reactor 's antimatter shielding . And it will detonate in about 3 hours . What this means - can you imagine ? You want me to be charred body ! If we do not reach the ship within the next three hours the peace negotiations will be over . Why reach ? Can 't you just notify the Captain of the ship ? And let their security solve the problem ? Walker ! The peace talks are secret . There is a long-distance communication ban . They will not respond . So not to attract saboteurs . This seems to have happened anyway . Yes , someone from the inner circle . Three hours , we 'll never make it . The negotiations will fail . Walker , if the negotiations fail , there will soon be nothing left . Not me , not you , not anything . Oh man , this is just great . I do not understand . I mean , who 'd stand to gain anything from something like this ? Everyone is after all glad to finally have peace negotiations . Like you said yourself . We were shot down by our own people . For some it does not matter if a few million people die or not . Least of all the military . And what 's in for us ? I do not know , but one thing is clear , if we can 't prevent the attack , when all is settled , they will kill you . That 's a calming thought ... Argantus seat of government of the Sycon Imperium Colonel Galagher . Senator . Can I assume that you have news for me ? Yes , sir , but not good : I have every reason to believe that the targets are still alive . And what exactly do you intend to do about this ? I sent another squadron after them . But this pilot , Walker , is good . I know him from way back . It 's very likely that he 'll manage to get Perkins to the peace negotiations in time . I recruited you for our cause , because I thought you 're a good soldier . But now You fail in every aspect . Was I mistaken about you ? I do not think we have time for blame , sir . And I do not think that you have grasped the significance of this operation , Colonel Galagher ! The destruction of the delegation convoy is the start of the whole operation ! If you fail , and the bomb is found and defused , Colonel , then we will both have a lot of time to discuss the question of guilt . Anyway , it 's not my fault that the Secret Service found out about the bomb ! The people who planted it were eliminated , and , besides me , no one here on Adcalmahr was privy to the details . Do not kid yourself : the security breach was by them , out of Argantus ! And now you should stop threatening me and listen . There 's still a way to salvage the situation . Concretely . I have a plan for just such an emergency . But for that I need complete control of Adcalmahr and surrounding sectors . Will that not raise lots of alarms ? So what ? The time for covert operations and secret maneuvers is over When we strike out , the government will realise anyway what 's going on . We might as well start right now I will immediately begin to arrange everything necessary . Once these peacemakers have been destroyed , I 'll personally ensure , that all Ministers are sent to Argantus . Galagher , all rests then in the Senate . Until then , Senator . LC-205 , this is an unauthorized action . State the reason for your return . First we need to get rid of that . The RX-3000 will only cause trouble . I 'm almost done , this will turn into a nice distraction . Reboot . Not authorized . Warning , intruder . Initializing , Initial ... Warning , intruder . Security ... You ... As I said , it would only make trouble ! How do we get to the platform ? Along there ! That will keep them busy for a while . Alarm , hostile intruders in Hangar Two ! Send every available man there ! Wrong code . Wrong code . This was a great idea ! Running out of time ! Wrong code . Saying this reluctantly , but my ammo 's almost out ! Come on , come on ! You all right ? Yes . Okay . To them out there I 'm not smart . You 're only human . Can you fly that thing , anyway ? You ask me now ? That was almost too easy . I thought they would not let us get away so easily , two missiles behind us . Can we shake them ? No , I 'm afraid . I have . Approaching , impact in 20 seconds ! Activate countermeasures ! Impact in 10 seconds ! Watch out , this will cause quite a shake ! Is it bad ? Well , good it was not . Engine number three got hit . Its not quite round anymore , but it will go . I 'm more worried about the reactor . A defect in the cooling system , I 'll have to turn the thing off , or it will burn through the hull . Switching to auxiliary power . How long will this take ? Well , an hour and a half . If nothing goes wrong . And how long will it take to get to the Consular vessel ? One to one and a half hours if nothing unexpected happens . We have to do it ! They 'll never let us go through the gate ! They won 't know who we are . I 'm ready with a few codes . I 've broken the connection with the Ground Station long ago Calygaris Control , Delta Lima 528 here , I have a code 6 , repeat , code 6 , password Clavius , Open the gate for a hyper-jump , coordinates 25678 Hmm , big shot ! Roger , Delta Lima 528 Enable the plasma injector . Pleasurable flight , Admiral . Admiral ? Well , I never thought that I would get to use it ! Colonel Galagher , sir ! Sir , the search party on Nydenion isn 't responding . I 'm dealing with incompetents here ! I want both to be found . Found and killed ! Do you understand that ? Yes , sir . Good . Walker , I ... Error . Energy Cell . What 's wrong ? My energy cell is ... Please . Fabulous . Starting system . Loading required information . Perkins , Cynthia . Model RX 3527 ... Start sequence complete . All in order ? All parameters as expected . Something that I wanted to hear . How long was I out ? Not long , just a few seconds . You seem to know much about cyborgs . I 've travelled a lot . Met a few before . But you 're different somehow . I was once like you , I mean , human . Until the attack , but that 's a long story . But now you can 't grow old . And can 't die . The glancing shot fortunately only damaged the energy cell , no memory . Otherwise I 'd be dead I should not ask so many stupid questions . There are also disadvantages . Sometimes I even wonder what it tastes like , this Raloc that everyone is always talking of . I never tried . And now I can 't . Its a matter of taste anyway . Are you really all right again ? I 'm all right . When we 've made it through this all I urgently need a major overhaul . There you are not alone . One thing I can tell you , this is the last time I 'm working for the government . Then we 're of one mind . Does this mean that you 're not the property of the Fleet any more ? I 've been in the service of the Fleet for 57 years now , Last two years voluntarily . I 'd always deeply hoped that things would change . I mean this damn war . When did you actually notice ? What do you mean ? - That I am not human . I had a suspicion . When you crashed you did not have any scratches , then you never needed a break and you didn 't want to drink anything . Then why did you never ask me about it ? Well , everyone has their little secrets . Why you didn 't want to announce it , is nobody 's business , right ? Then it doesn 't matter that I 'm not human ? I 'll tell you something . For each cyborg you show me that is not human , I show you a human who is also not . Thank you , for your continued support . Without you I would not have made it . It 's my job , you are my passenger after all . We should finish this discussion off at a later time . First we must see to it that we reach the negotiation ship . Welcome to Sytaris sector . I 'm sorry , but we have to go through here , this is the only way . All around us , everything is mined . This is the safest route . From here , it is not far to the Neutral Zone . The wrecks do not appear too old . No , it happened recently . More than 20 000 perished here . It was only a matter of time before they defeated us here . Now the passage is impassable for larger vessels . I guess we got company . Interceptor ? You said it . Damn , there are too many ! We 'll never make it . What about our weapon systems ? The front guns plus the four turrets . But I doubt we can control all of them . And if we could . Turn arms control over to my console . What are you doing ? I 'll control the turrets from here . Okay . I believe that we have not yet been discovered There are many disturbances here . We fly to the structure over there and play dead . I 'll steer to the right . Like this . Now , we 're just a wreck . Leader to all . Ready weapons and wait for my command . Tracer 3 to Leader . What is our target ? A small shuttle carrying two persons . Delta class . Easy to pop off . Delta class ? You think it 's one of ours ? I thought ... Stop thinking , Tracer 3 . Just follow your instructions ! Bataliaro . What did you say ? Roger leader . God , there are hundreds , thousands . Damn , the debris is not getting less . Flying straight at us . I 'm afraid they 've tracked us . We 're almost within striking distance . I 'm taking over the weapons . Malfunction . The lower turret failed to extend . If we survive this , I 'm going to be complaining to the manufacturer . Tracer 8 to Leader , I have only interference , detection impossible . Check the ICS . Canad base confirmed the area scan . They must be here somewhere ! Okay , I have them in my sights . Leave the rest to me . But try to turn the ship so that no one can attack us from below . No problem . Leader to all , I 've got something . Coordinates : 4-2-3-8 . Tracer 7 , I 'm taking the flank . Go on my mark . Ready And go ! Stop with the hiding game . I 'm hit ! What is going on here ? Holy shit ! Leader to squad , break off , I repeat ... Tracer 3 to all ! Leader is down ! Leader is down ! It 's a trap ! Watch out Walker , direction 2-4-0 . Laser shield is down to 20 percent . Cease attack ! Tracer 5 , withdraw . I can 't believe it , we put them to flight . But no reason to be happy , we lost a lot of energy . Can we make it to the negotiating ship ? I hope so , it will damn tight . Tucana , this is Tango Charlie 292 , l.D. No. 15312 I have a guest for you on board . My control code is 2320 Lima confirm . Roger , control code confirmed , but vessel unknown . Landing permission denied . This is Cynthia Perkins , Code 519 037 , I 'm expected . Contact Salazar . You will receive further instructions from her . But hurry , it 's a matter of life and death ! So , that 's it , we 're dry . Hold on tight , have to make a crash landing | Again ? Made it to here , now this too .. How much time do we have left ? Not much . A couple of minutes . Commander ? An urgent message from Ambassador Perkins Thank you . Damn . Tango Charlie 292 , your information has been confirmed . Please land in the rear bay . Roger . Keep an emergency team ready , I 'm coming in dry . Alert status in the hangar deck ! That was way to easy . You all right ? We must lose no time , Commander . There is a bomb on board this ship . It is attached near the antimatter shield and can go off at any moment ! - My God ! Is it possible to eject the reactor ? Impossible . And raise the alarm ? All warring parties are gathered here . And who knows how all this could be interpreted It would be a disaster . Then we have to find the bomb . We need an overview of the ship . That terminal over there , come ! According to the coordinates I 've saved , the detonator will be somewhere here . Lets hurry . The scanner doesn 't show anything , are you sure this thing 's really here ? The data is stored in me , Walker , it must be here somewhere ! Here it is ! Okay , I 'll go in ! Wait , I know explosives . I 'm going . I agree . Can I go in with a headset ? - Of course . Okay . Walker ? - Yes ? Good luck . Here I am again . Ten thousand credits . I could have bought a nice boat , or flown over a pleasure planet . But no , I can just forget everything , because some crazy decided to blow us all into the air ! This is Senator Cowley speaking . I ' m handing over , with immediate effect , the command , all fleet codes , as well as all codes to nuclear weapon systems of the type K-1-77 , to General Galagher . Aye aye , sir . What are you doing here ? I told you to ... Oh , what the heck . Have you not opened such a thing before ? Sure ! I had four of them under my wing . But then I just type into the firing computer and ... Wait a minute , I have something . A red and a blue wire , both running to the detonator . Could be a trap . I don 't think so . This is a ballistic warhead from the ship 's depot . Why would someone mess with it ? Well , because we could find it ? What should I do now ? Cut the blue . I have a bad feeling about the blue . Then take the other . And if it 's the wrong one ? It doesn 't matter which wire you cut through . I 'll cut the red . Boooom . I am afraid the peace negotiations just failed . Come you . It 's become time for our kind of peace . To all . Takeover action begins . Bridge ! The bomb has been defused . Sir , new contact . Report . Sir , Hypergate opened for several small objects , at coordinates 193 to 020 I thought these are secret peace negotiations . I want identification ! Sir , they are LC-32 interceptors ! IFF transponder reads positive . They 're our own ! Whose stupid idea was this ? You 'd think we 'd be sufficient escort ! Sir , the squadron leader is calling us . Put him through . Already through . Tucana , this is Captain Görling , 42nd Squadron from Cadonia . We request urgent assistance . The separatists attacked us , we suffered great losses ! Requesting permission to land urgently . We can hardly refuse . Put me through . Captain Mitchell speaking , we 're sending you the coordinates to the guidance beam . Bring your men inside . Roger , Tucana . We 're coming inside . This is funny , Skipper . What 's funny , O 'Neil ? He said they 're 42nd squadron out of Cadonia . Yes , and ? Well , the IFF transponder says they come from Adcalmahr . You don 't say . Sir ! They 're ignoring the beam . Shields Up ! Return fire , all energy to the shields ! Our main systems are down . Weapons , machines , hangar-control , all offline ! Talk to me , O 'Neil Sir , they knew exactly where they needed to hit . I 'm afraid the main reactor got hit , the main computer is also offline . Sir , Captain Walker for you . Mitchell , what is going on up there ? Walker , we are being attacked by a unit from Adcalmahr . I think the trouble comes from there . - You will not believe it , but a Hunter from Adcalmahr also blew me out of the sky . Yes , then you have every reason to stop by there again . Do you want to help me stop this nightmare ? Yeah , but how do we get there ? I 'll send a strike team to the Hanger . Take the shuttle , it is registered out of Adcalmahr . The rest you will pick up on the go . On my way . Good luck . Sir . The hunters . - Yes ? They 're moving off . They were gaining the upper hand . Ready the lifeboats . In an emergency I want to evacuate the President and the delegation . Sir , the gate is opening again . - What ? Not again . Everything at my command ! Full broadside . Here comes fun . Direct Hit . Loss of pressure , Decks 15 , 22 and 23 Can we evacuate the delegation ? Aye , sir . All pods on deck 17 are ready . Launch escape pods . Is the shuttle ready ? - Yes , indeed , sir . All aboard . Then send it on its way ! We 'll give them cover . Aye , sir . Disable rear shields ! - But then they can ... Just do it . - Aye . Sir , the Tucana 's rear shields are down . Well , now we have them . Full thrust from the starboard jet . Course 243 Sir , we have a collision alarm . What ? Locate ! At 600 meters and rapidly approaching , sir . I hope this move pays off . Full reverse thrust ! Sir ! So , fighter pilot . Yes . Man , I think space hunters are just fantastic ! To be able to so quickly fly away from any danger . Shut up , man ! Demon Knights , right ? I was also in New Anchorage a few years ago , I was still a sludgehopper . The Demons saved our asses at Hangman 's Ridge . Hey boss , why do we have wear this stupid Frontpig uniform ? Shut up , Cabretti . I talk , you listen , understand ? All right , sir . All right ! Our task will be to knock out the defense systems . Adcalmahr is manned by 800 Marines . I 'm not going to take them on . We will go in as if we belong . And that 's why you , Cabretti , will also be wearing the " Front-pig uniform " . Ok ? Just what I thought . We infiltrate the complex and seize Central Defense . At the same time Mr. Walker here will get the defense codes . With the help of these codes Esteban will hack into the system and take the entire air defense system out . Then we blow the store high up in the air . In , BOOM and out . More questions ? That means we take on our own people ? I know Faulkner . But we have no choice at the moment . They chose to take this course of action , not us . We 'll only get this one chance to finish this thing off without taking a loss . And we must take it . If those traitors get control , we will lose all we worked for , and we 'll never know peace . Are you sure that you 'll get the access credentials of this Galagher ? Dead certain . Walker , the squadron leader of the Hunters wants to speak to you . Okay , coming . Attention , Delta Shuttle ! Lieutenant Commander Tylor of the 127th Squadron speaking , do you hear me ? Cal , is that you ? Rick , yes ! Pretty long time ago , huh ? Quite ! So you are commanding the bunch now ? Yes . After you left , they made me the squadron commander of the Demon Knights . I hope your pilots are as good as we were back then . Do not worry . They 're even better ! You know the mission ? Yes . Salazar instructed us . You disable the anti-aircraft batteries , then we go in , keep their fighters busy , and then the Marines go clear away the rubbish . That 's the plan . We grab ourselves Galagher . Time to settle an old score . Yes , I know . Danny and the others would like that . Good luck ! You too . We 're ready . Good . Listen , you need to wait for us in the shuttle , but you must be careful . - Do not worry . This is my place . Do you see the boom over there ? That 's where we have to go . Roger ! We need to remain inconspicuous , must not attract attention before reaching the control room . Understood . Walker ! Get ready ! Okay , people , move out ! Let the games begin ! Walker , be careful ! With these types here ? Okay , Deacon , I 'll grab Galagher . Sure you don 't want to take someone along ? I can give you one of my guys . I want to keep it as simple as possible , will work better . You 're the Captain . Listen here ! Keep close ! Left at the next corner . Someone 's coming . Stay there . Okay . Now go . Watch out , Deacon ! Two persons in the room . We 're in ! Attention TG452 , give us your access codes to this sector . TG452 here , we have an assignment of Thylin plasma on board . Special order by the Colonel . You know Thylin plasma is highly unstable , right ? So be careful . We did not get landing permission . TG452 , I 'm verifying . Walker ! You are ... - Dead ? Hardly . I 'm here to take you with us . Interesting . Would you like a drink ? I 'm not here to chat . I want the code . What is the code ? - The code for the security systems . I 've underestimated you completely . Bravo Alpha 393 Deacon ! The code is Bravo Alpha 393 Alpha Bravo 393 . Done . Demon Knights , Raceteam here . Target area is free . Repeat , the target area is free . Damn ! I 'm sorry , sir , I screwed up . - Nonsense , my boy , I 'm commanding here . We have another problem , sir . The timer is broken . We can 't ignite the charge by remote trigger . Give me the detonator , sir ! Lieutenant , I will not let you die ! Sir ! The radio signal is too weak to get through this rock , one of us must stay here , sir ! Deacon ! There are a dozen guards on the way to you . Get out of there ! Bridge , we need a other way out of here ! Above your heads you 'll see a ventilation shaft . I don 't think you have the faintest idea whom you 're dealing with here . We 'll sweep the old leadership aside . When that happens , a new Order will rise . And I 'll be there rising with it . You 've totally lost your mind . Oh no . Shall I demonstrate to you , how clear my mind is ? I control Adcalmahr . I am a Man of Power ! Your little game is over . You 're coming with me . Or I 'll show you my power , over your life . I 've waited enough . Your New Order just blew up into a thousand pieces . Watch out Demons , watch out for the fuel stations . We still have people down there , so watch your shooting , okay ? TG452 . Your details were not confirmed , please follow us immediately ! Well , who 'd have guessed . The Cavalry has arrived . Up . Why exactly did you come here , Walker ? Do you want to settle an old score ? Because of you I lost my ship . So I thought I 'll just go grab the biggest piece of scum I know and finance a new one . Lets go , it 's time . You 're right , it 's time . Stand still ! I think it 's time for me to disappear . Good job . You brought us a shuttle . Wait here til I come get you . Yes , sir . Enemy fighters launched ! Okay , folks ! Get them . Isn 't it clear to you that he isn 't coming back ? Oh , the Colonel is reliable . And you can drop your weapon and keep your mouth shut . Or I burn a hole in your back . That 's probably the stupidest thing I 've ever heard . Galagher got away . Come to the meeting . We 've assembled the team already . Cynthia , where are you ? I would really like to get away from here . Cynthia ? I just wanted you to see who you 're going to be killed by . I could use some help here . Okay , I 'm on him . I 'm hit ! Eat dust ! Dammit ! Damn , this ain 't the time ! Walker ! Jump ! I must thank you , once again . No , you don 't need to . I was here and had nothing else to do . Do you think things will be different now ? Who knows ? I fear , however , we 've only done a small part of what still needs to be done . Me too . Miss Perkins ! Miss Perkins , Captain Walker , good that I finally found both of you here I have good news for you . I just informed the Senate about your heroic efforts , and they all agree on what a really great job you 've done here . Thank you sir , I .. - No , don 't say anything . I will give you the biggest and best ship that you can imagine . And this : is 20 000 enough ? Let 's say 50 , 000 . No , 100 000 ! You get 100 000 ... Did I say something wrong ? Tell the Senate I 'm on vacation . Yes ! Thanks to RSG for the rip German subs SCIFI IS DYING UNLESS WE KEEP BUYING Please buy this movie when you spot it in a shop
