 Its origins are unknown . The degree of erosion that we see has to go back to 10,000 BC . Its secrets have remained hidden for thousands of years . It was reported that they found passages into these hidden chambers . And it may hold the truth behind our very existence . It reads , " I have under me the knowledge of our genesis . " The Great Sphinx of Giza is perhaps the most mysterious monument on Earth . But once its riddle is solved , will we find the ultimate proof that our ancestors were visited by alien beings ? What 's staring us in the face goes back to when extraterrestrials walked the earth with human beings . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might the proof lie hidden with the mysteries of the Sphinx ? The Giza Plateau . Egypt , 1925 . Rising out of the desert sand is a giant stone statue of a human head . For centuries , most visitors to the area believed this was all that existed . But French engineer Emile Baraize is convinced that much more lies beneath the surface than even archeologists are aware of . He begins an excavation to uncover it , and after 11 years of extensive digging , Baraize unearths a massive body resembling a lion and reintroduces the world to the full splendor of the Great Sphinx . It is the largest monolithic sculpture on Earth . It must have been quite eerie to be there back then , not knowing a lot about the ancient Egyptian history , and having this huge structure staring down at you . Facing east toward the rising sun , the Great Sphinx is located nearly half a mile from Egypt 's three largest pyramids . It is carved from a single piece of limestone bedrock , and stands over 60 feet tall and 240 feet long . People have asked themselves for centuries . What was the Sphinx for ? Why was it built ? There is a story behind it , but what is the story ? The Sphinx is arguably one of the most studied monuments in the world , yet it remains one of the most mysterious . There are no inscriptions on the Sphinx to indicate who built it or why , but most Egyptologists date it to 2,500 BC- - the time of the pharaoh Khafre , or Chephren , as he is known by Greek scholars . The dating is based on a mention of Khafre on a tablet found between the paws of the Sphinx . But this tablet-known as the Dream Stele-also tells the story of a pharaoh who came 1,000 years later- - King Thutmose IV . King Thutmose IV comes in a new kingdom , which we believe is more than 1,000 years after the time the Sphinx was sculpted . He made this stele to tell his story . King Thutmose IV , before becoming a king , was on an expedition here in Giza . And he slept right next to the Sphinx . And back then , the Sphinx was covered in sand all the way up to its head . And in his dream , the sphinx came to him . The sphinx spoke to him and said that if he would uncover the Sphinx from the burial in the sand , he would then end up as pharaoh . Now , he was the son of a pharaoh but was not the heir . Thutmose IV ended up with that throne after this dream . The sphinx itself speaks to a future pharaoh and the history of ancient Egypt is altered by this fact . The sphinx told King Thutmose IV in his sleep-right here in that line-that everything that the eye of the Lord illuminates will be his . He cleared all the sand surrounding the Sphinx , and Thutmose IV then became the king . So the sphinx kept his promise . Now , the amazing thing about this is that we learn of what 's called the " flashing eye of the Lord " . What is the flashing eye of the Lord ? This sounds like some kind of technology that is in communication with the sphinx or perhaps channeled by the sphinx , that could ensure the prosperity of Thutmose IV . If the story on the Dream Stele is true , the sphinx not only ensured the prosperity of Thutmose IV , but of perhaps the most important dynastic family in the history of the Egyptian empire . Thutmose IV was actually the grandfather of Akhenaten . Akhenaten was considered a heretical pharaoh . He changed the polytheistic religion of ancient Egypt and declared there was only one god : Aten . A god he depicted as a disk in the sky . Akhenaten became enthralled with the Aten disk . Is it possible that the eye of the Lord and the Aten disk are one and the same and that they are in fact , some kind of UFO spaceship that 's hovering over Egypt as an eye in the sky and is guiding the Egyptian civilization ? Could it be that the eye of the Lord and the Aten are describing the same object ? And if so , was Egyptian civilization being guided by extraterrestrials that used the Sphinx as a means of communication ? Might the Dream Stele be proof that this mysterious monolithic statue was built long before the pharaoh Khafre ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and point to yet another line of the Dream Stele as proof . There 's something else written on the Sphinx that was ignored by Egyptologists . The Sphinx actually says " I have been here since the first time . " Now , the word in ancient Egyptian for " first time " is Zep Tepi . And what he meant by this is the time when Osiris had come at the beginning of the civilization . The Egyptians talk about a golden age ; a golden age that existed 12,500 or so years ago . This is something that goes back at least 8,000 years before the current accepted chronology of Egypt . At that time the gods mingled or walked with men . Could this extraordinary monument be a remnant from a golden age when extraterrestrials coexisted with humans , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? If so , does the Sphinx date back thousands of years before conventional scholars believe possible ? Perhaps further clues of its true age can be found in the geological record of the Giza Plateau . Boston , Massachusetts . Geologist Dr. Robert Schoch has studied the geological features of the Sphinx for over 20 years . I looked specifically at the weathering and erosion on the body of the Sphinx , on the walls of the Sphinx enclosure . I saw weathering patterns that were not compatible with the Sahara conditions of the last 5,000 years . Here we have a photograph of the Sphinx on the left side . This is the rump of the Sphinx . This is the wall of the Sphinx enclosure . When you look at this , these are the lines of rock , or the strata , as we say , geologically . You can see how they 've been weathered out , sort of a rounded , rolling profile . This is caused by rain beating down and running over the rock . And this was very evident to me as a geologist . According to archaeologists , significant rainfall in the Giza Plateau would date back to before 3,000 BC , at least 500 years before the time attributed to the building of the Sphinx . The degree and level of erosion that we see on the Great Sphinx has to go back to that earlier climatic period , and not just a few hundred years-thousands of years before Sahara times . This put us back to at least 5,000 , maybe 7,000 , 8,000 , I now suspect even 10,000 BC . If we are to subscribe to the idea that the Sphinx displays markings of water erosion , then that means that what 's staring us in the face is much , much older than what mainstream science proposes . Is the Sphinx really older than our history books have led us to believe ? If so , who-or what-was responsible for its construction ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining the face of the Sphinx ... and what it might have looked like before it was altered . Cairo , Egypt . January , 2011 . Thousands of antigovernment protesters clash with riot police . They are demanding the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak . Civil unrest escalates ... leaving hundreds dead and thousands injured in the wake of the Arab Spring . Just eight miles away , the Great Sphinx bears silent witness . For thousands of years , and through numerous conflicts , the monument has remained unscathed , except for the loss of its nose . The nose was broken . Many people accuse Napoleon of doing that ... to take potshots with his cannons . But , in fact , it was done long before . A Muslim ruler in the Middle Ages decided that the Sphinx represented a guardian of the underworld ... that he was a type of demon and that he was dangerous . It was believed that he might have been some kind of dark god , and as a result , the Sphinx was vandalized . After many years of study , evidence of just who the face on the Sphinx belongs to remains circumstantial and is debated by researchers . Most scholars attribute the face to Khafre , the pharaoh they propose built the Sphinx . But ancient astronaut theorists claim that the Sphinx was not built by Khafre , as mainstream historians suggest . They say that the Sphinx predates the age of the pharaohs , and propose that the true head of the Sphinx has not been seen for thousands of years . Many people have suggested , including scholars , that the current head that 's on that massive body ... is way too small for it to be proportional to the body ... because it was reshaped , re-carved at a later date . If you think about that for a moment , that 's highly fascinating , because what did that thing look like in its original form ? It has been suggested that perhaps originally it was the face of a lion , or the head of a lion . McGOWAN : I think there is an argument that the head of the Sphinx was a full lion 's head . And I think that there is power to the theory that the Sphinx actually represented the constellation of Leo . Curiously , there 's no reference to a statue of a Great Sphinx , or even a great lion , in any Old Kingdom texts . But one scholar who has extensively studied the monument proposes that this is due to the fact that it was originally something entirely different . When I saw the body , I instantly thought , " That 's no lion 's body . " Now , if you study a lion , it has great big shoulders ... it has a sloping back . And so you do not have a straight back for a lion . It couldn 't be more obvious that this is a dog 's body- - that 's exactly how they crouch when they 're in a guarding position . And there 's only one dog it could be-that has to be Anubis . Anubis is a dog god , who is the guardian of the sacred Necropolis . Well , Giza is the sacred Necropolis . And I went through the ancient texts , and I found it mentioned everywhere . The Pyramid Texts and the Book of Gates and the Book of Caverns and the Book of Two Ways and all those ancient books , and they 're talking about it the whole time . The easiest thing to do when trying to destroy the Sphinx is to knock the pointy ears and the pointy nose off , which is what Anubis had . So this is the remaining stump from which they could fashion a human head . That 's what they did , and it was a very clever job , and everybody 's still in awe of it even though they don 't know any longer that it was meant to be Anubis at one time . The Egyptian god Anubis is one of the most prominently featured figures in all of Egyptian art . He was considered a protector of graves , the god of mummification , and is associated with the resurrection of the god Osiris . Anubis is clearly identified as a god of the dead . He symbolizes the afterlife . His importance is enormous in these resurrection activities that went on . Is it possible that the head of the Sphinx was originally carved to look completely different than it does today ? And if so , could it have had the face of Anubis ? A god that ancient astronaut theorists propose was an actual being who visited our planet in the remote past ? The Egyptians themselves genuinely believed that these were actual beings who had dog 's head or jackal heads . The god Anubis is listed as one of those who came during Zep Tepi , or the First Time , one of the ancient , ancient ancients who is openly cited in Egyptian mythology as being an extraterrestrial . Is it possible that the first pharaohs didn 't build the Sphinx , but discovered it ? And might they have actually recarved its face ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining not when the Great Sphinx was built , but why . The Giza Necropolis , which consists of three great pyramids , guarded by the Sphinx , is the last remaining of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World . The original purpose of the complex is still debated by historians , as is the connection of the three pyramids to each other , and to the Sphinx . There is no question in my mind , and in the mind of many researchers , that the Giza Necropolis is a planned project . It isn 't just pharaohs who came and put their pyramids haphazardly , and then built the Sphinx . The geometry of the site makes it very unlikely that it 's not a designed project . Is it possible that the Sphinx and the pyramids were designed to function together ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest a recently unearthed tomb could provide proof . Just 200 feet from the Sphinx , in a causeway connecting the second pyramid to its temple complex , is an entrance to what is believed to be the ceremonial burial chamber of the god Osiris . The Osiris shaft was first unearthed in 1934 , but only fully explored in 1999 . This place has not been visited much . It 's probably been visited only a handful of times since 1999 . Right here is the first level . The first level is not that deep . The Osiris shaft actually consists of three different shafts that descend to three separate chambers . The final chamber is buried nearly ten stories underground , and contains what some say is the sarcophagus of Osiris . Here we are a hundred feet deep . The third and final chamber in the Osiris shaft . And here 's the sarcophagus right in front of me . This is only the lid of the sarcophagus . The body of the sarcophagus is under the water , and it 's at least three times the size of the lid . And to the four corners of the islands , there were four pillars that are now nearly completely destroyed . The four had hieroglyphic inscriptions on them . Some of which read " God Osiris , the god of the underground . " While most scholars believe Osiris to be a mythical being , and his tomb merely symbolic , ancient astronaut theorists suggest that not only was Osiris real , but this nine-foot sarcophagus offers evidence of extraterrestrial intervention in the remote past . The word , " sarcophagus , " means , " flesh eater . " And this is like a giant black box . Flesh and blood being goes into the box , is sealed in it . The box consumes them , and the body disappears . The idea of a sarcophagus that has no actual mummy or body in it suggests the possibility of teleportation and the possibility of the transmutation of the physical body . It is a suggestion , perhaps , that those who built that monument and those underground rooms could completely portal out of our reality entirely . Could it be that what was discovered in the Osiris shaft were the remnants of advanced technology ? Technology that would allow for travel to other worlds ? According to the pyramid texts- - funerary inscriptions that were carved on the walls of the early Egyptian tombs-the sacred Necropolis would serve as a gateway to the pharaoh 's resurrection and ascension to join the god Osiris in the heavens . The foundational premise of ancient Egyptian myth is that Osiris came from the stars , and that when he was resurrected , he went and dwelled in the star system Orion as a celestial being . The ancient Egyptians clearly describe their Great Pyramid as a resurrection machine , as a teleportation device . The Sphinx functioned as the gateway . Egyptologists have always assumed that the pyramids in Egypt were tombs for the pharaohs . And yet , no pharaoh or Egyptian dynastic mummy was ever found in a pyramid in Egypt . A number of researchers have recently maintained that the Great Pyramid , and some of the other pyramids in Egypt , are actually these very sophisticated power plants . You have to wonder if the pyramids themselves weren 't created to generate tremendous amounts of energy . Energy that was needed to open the stargates . And this was part of the resurrection scheme . Could the Giza complex actually have functioned as some sort of technological device ? A device that acted as a transport to other worlds , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? Perhaps further evidence of such a connection can be found by examining the precise alignments found on the Plateau . Archeo-astronomical analysis has revealed that the position of the three great pyramids seem to be mirroring the three belt stars of Orion . There 's two bright stars and a third dimmer star , which is offset a bit to the left . Now , the odd thing is that even though the correlation is very , very clear to see , the angle that the stars make in the sky is much sharper than the angles of the pyramid . And there is where , after many years of studying this , I decided to take the leap of faith . Was there a time when these stars would be exactly how we see them on the ground ? The Great Pyramid contains within it several shafts , one of which forms a 45-degree angle toward the sky . Bauval was able to calculate the historical movement of the stars to determine the date when the shaft would point directly to the belt stars . Amazingly , when I did this , what we had was the full set of monuments locking to this date of 10,500 BC . Is it mere coincidence that the pyramids were strategically aligned to correspond to the three belt stars of Orion precisely 12,500 years ago ? And if so , does this date hold a profound significance to Earth 's history ? Perhaps the answers will be revealed in the quest to uncover a secret chamber . Virginia Beach , Virginia , 1932 . American psychic and healer Edgar Cayce , known as the sleeping prophet , gains worldwide attention by remotely diagnosing illnesses in patients located hundreds of miles away with an astounding degree of accuracy . He could diagnose people 's physical problems . He could tell you what 's in a book . He could find something at a great distance . He could even read the akashic record , the book of life . During one of his many psychic trances , Cayce makes an astonishing claim regarding the Sphinx . Edgar Cayce could tell you about prehistory and reincarnation and what your soul had been doing prior to this incarnation . He actually gave readings for his own soul that had been a high priest in ancient Egypt and was directly associated with the building of the Sphinx . Edgar Cayce had in his readings a statement that the Sphinx and the pyramids were built in approximately 10,490 BC . There 's a strong suggestion that the Cayce readings were accurate , and therefore their dating of the Sphinx and the pyramids also was accurate . Up until his death in 1945 , Cayce gave dozens of readings about the Sphinx . These readings claimed the Sphinx was directly related to an ancient civilization that many believe once existed here on Earth-the lost continent of Atlantis . The Edgar Cayce readings specifically say that Atlantis , as recorded by Plato , was not a myth . He leaked that information given to him by the Egyptian priesthood and put it into his books the Timaeus and the Critias . Here is the interesting thing : Plato describes that Atlantis existed exactly at the same time that ancient Egypt experienced what they referred to as a golden age . If the Cayce readings about the existence of Atlantis are true , then might the Sphinx actually be a remnant from this advanced civilization ? Perhaps further clues to this connection can be found with yet another Cayce prophecy regarding the Sphinx . Cayce dreamed that under the right paw of the Sphinx there was a chamber at a very specific place , that apparently hold the hall of records from the lost civilization of Atlantis , which Cayce felt he was a direct part of . When Atlantis was sinking , the Atlanteans were aware of the importance of saving these records . And they also were aware of the need to hide the records of prehistory . If we locate the original hall of records , we would be essentially accessing the equivalent of a Google search engine , but it 's the Atlantean Internet . So the Sphinx is an entry point that could reveal once and for all that humankind is much older on Earth than we thought . The Giza Plateau . 1978 . 45 years after Cayce 's reading , The Edgar Cayce Foundation initiates the Sphinx Exploration Project for the sole purpose of locating secret chambers under the Sphinx that may lead to the hall of records . They were allowed , amazingly , to drill holes under the Sphinx to detect this possible chamber . They drilled eight holes . Unfortunately , nothing of certainty was found . They were stopped at the last minute-apparently they were very close , they felt-by the Egyptian army . We did find anomalies beneath the Sphinx . Now , these could be chambers , not just cracks or caves . Edgar Cayce prophesied that in the future , and in the relatively near future , we would discover the secret chamber of the hall of records . One of the stories of the Sphinx is that there 's a hall of records that 's being kept there . Uh , certain machines and technology and libraries sealed in a special room until the time is right that we 're ready to discover it . And that time may be coming soon . Is it possible that there are , in fact , secret chambers underneath the Sphinx ? And if so , could they be hiding the hidden records of a lost civilization ? Or could it be that if a so-called hall of records exists , it doesn 't lie in Giza , but millions of miles away ... on Mars ? Pasadena , California . July 4 , 1997 . Aerospace engineers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory anxiously await a signal from the Pathfinder indicating that it has landed intact on the surface of Mars . Thousands of viewers watch live news feeds as the event unfolds . The spacecraft has landed . Base pedal down . Hours after its successful landing , Pathfinder sends the first images from the surface of Mars in over two decades . During its 12-week mission , Mars Pathfinder transmits 2.3 billion bits of information , including more than 17,000 images . Among these photos is an image that some say reveals formations that mirror the Giza Plateau ... ... including what appears to be a sphinx . One of these photographs shows what looks like a sphinx that is facing to the east , uh , sunrise on Mars . There is a huge pyramid mountain behind it and you have to wonder if this Martian sphinx isn 't created by extraterrestrials . Some have proposed that there is a mirror image of the Giza Plateau on Mars and therefore Mars might have been inhabited . And this is why we allegedly have structures on Mars that are of artificial origin . The idea of extraterrestrial life inhabiting Mars has long fascinated mankind . In 1895 , astronomer Percival Lowell proposed an ancient civilization built canals on Mars to bring water from the poles to keep their society alive . And since the first landing on the surface of Mars in 1976 , NASA Mars missions have focused almost exclusively on determining if life could exist on the red planet . We 've found no real hard evidence of life . And yet there 's this tantalizing possibility where we haven 't given up . We would be looking for a subterranean civilization , because surface conditions are just so harsh . Conceivably , you could have whole complex ecosystems existing underground . I think that if we were to go to Mars and find civilization there , much of it would be underground . And you have to wonder if this Martian sphinx isn 't guarding some underground world on Mars similar to the underground world at Giza that we know exists today . Do the formations on Mars provide evidence that the planet was once inhabited ? And if so , does this sphinx on Mars also serve as a marker of an entrance to an underground world and perhaps the true location of a secret hall of records ? According to some ancient astronaut theorists , if this sphinx in Giza truly has a counterpart on Mars , it would match up with what has been found in some of mankind 's earliest writings . A famous linguist by the name of Zecharia Sitchin actually translated ancient Sumerian tablets that describe Mars being used as a way station by their gods , the Anunnaki . It 's very possible that these ancient Sumerian tales talking about the Anunnaki traversing between Mars and Earth are actual fact and show a deeper connection of what we have in Giza and what we also have on Mars . Every scientist agrees today that Mars at some point in time in the past had an atmosphere not very unlike Earth 's . And so if one were to propose the idea that at some point intelligent life inhabited Mars , what if one of the places that they escaped to was planet Earth ? Is it possible that there is , in fact , a profound connection between Earth and Mars ? And could locating a second sphinx be the key to unlocking the secrets about our ancient past ? And if so , is it possible that there is yet another sphinx that holds the key , one that 's even closer to home ? Giza , 2014 . Large-scale construction projects and high-rise development encroach ever closer to the Sphinx and the Great Pyramids . Some believe that if the development continues unchecked , it will lead to the destruction of possible archaeological treasures still buried near the complex . But others feel that it may actually force the unearthing of something more profound , a twin sphinx . Everything in ancient Egyptian art is very symmetrical . There 's always two of everything . When we see huge , big statues , there 's always two colossal statues . There 's always symmetry : two statues guarding one road . With the Sphinx , we 've only found one . Some people believe there 's another one . There are actually many reasons to believe it may have had a mate . When we look at the stele , the New Kingdom stele between the paws of the Sphinx , in fact it shows not one sphinx but two sphinxes . There were long periods of time where the Sphinx was not seen . It was completely covered in sand . And so the idea would imply that maybe there are other structures that are still underneath the sand . Is it possible that a second sphinx exists on the Giza Plateau ? Although most researchers are open to the idea of a second guardian on the Giza Plateau , multiple theories exist as to where this sphinx may be . According to the Amduat , the ancient Egyptian funerary text describing the hourly journey of the king in the afterlife , there is said to exist a second sphinx that faces to the west . The fifth hour- - which seems to represent the Giza Necropolis , by the way-is protected by one sphinx in the east , which is the existing sphinx , but they also show another sphinx in the back . Now , physically was there another one ? It 's quite possible . There is certain mounds that haven 't been properly excavated on the west side , and there may be the remains of a sphinx . There certainly isn 't a whole sphinx-we would 've seen it by now-but there may be the foundations of a sphinx . The nonexistent sphinx is almost as interesting as the one we can look at . Does that location have any special energy to it ? Is there some reason why life , fate , the gods would have it disappear ? Could there really be a second sphinx located somewhere on the Giza Plateau ? And if so , how has it remained undiscovered for thousands of years ? We know less than 30 % of what 's actually underneath the sand , especially around the Giza Plateau . So this is one of the exciting things about studying and researching ancient Egypt is this idea that maybe you 'll be able to stumble into these ultimate secrets that the ancients assured us are there . Would locating a second sphinx bring us closer to actually solving the mystery of the Giza Plateau ? And if so , what might the consequences be if this information is ever uncovered ? If we put all the pieces together , it suggests that the Sphinx is a repository for this knowledge about how to actually use the Great Pyramid . And once we do that , we 're talking about the ability to resurrect ourselves as celestial beings , or star beings , and join the extraterrestrials who had a hand in building this incredible complex . I very much believe that the whole thing is a kind of cipher . And I 'll-I 'll go to my grave on this one . I 've worked for 25 years to decipher this cipher using astronomy , using the texts . And it reads , " I have under me the knowledge of our genesis . " Whatever it is we figure out , whatever we discover when we get there , it 's not gonna look like we thought it would look . Is the Sphinx the ultimate proof that extraterrestrials were here on Earth in the ancient past ? And if so , might there be clues hidden within this monolithic statue that not only reveal the truth about our history but why we are here and how we can finally reconnect with our alien ancestors ? Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION NETWORKS
