 H.Q. : S.H.I.E.L.D. 616 , you have course confirmation . You are cleared direct to The Slingshot . Agent Coulson , everything all right up there ? Ripped By mstoll We heard you had a little dustup on the ground . COULSON : Yeah , we 're all good . It 's gonna be blue skies from here on out . ( EXPLOSION ) ( ALARMS BLARING ) Aah ! Aah ! SIMMONS : Coulson , hang on ! Hey . No joyrides , okay ? That 's my house . No worries . ( ENGINE STARTS ) ( SCOFFS ) Where do they think of this stuff ? WARD : Skye ? The girl 's not qualified to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent . Agreed . That 's why I 've invited her on as a consultant . ( BEEP ) S.H.l.E.L.D. does it all the time . Technically , Stark 's a consultant . And technically , Skye 's a member of the Rising Tide . She hacked our RSA implementation . Twice . From a laptop . Imagine what she 'll do with our resources . I am . That 's exactly what I 'm imagining during this frown . You brought me on for risk assessment ? Shes a risk . She doesn 't think like us . Exactly . Agent Coulson told us the news . What a wonderful surprise . - Isn 't it , Fitz ? - Yeah . Yeah , it 's a surprise . No , it 's wonderful . You must be very excited . Yep . First day of school . ( GRUNTS ) Okay , so , it 's just ... Sorry . Yeah . We have two kids on this bus who aren 't cleared for combat . You 're adding a third . At least Fitz-Simmons are trained S.H.l.E.L.D. scientists . But Skye ? You said this was a select team . Assembled to work new cases , to protect people . I don 't see how letting some hacker tag along ... I 'm looking for an objection I haven 't already anticipated . I 'm calling this , but your frown will be on record . We 've been called in to investigate an 084 . We all know what that means . Yes , we do . It means we don 't know what that means . FITZ : Officially , it 's an Airborne Mobile Command Station , but we call it " the bus . " We find it best to use shorthand when in the field . But everything has to be just so , you know ? Because of the danger . Yeah , I 've been up here before , but I didn 't see much , because of the bag that Agent Ward put over my head . Yes , so sorry about that . Water ? MAY : Wheels up in two . Lock it or lose it . What 's that mean ? No backing out now . Let 's find a bunk for our guest . Yeah , and there 's only one left and it 's right next to mine . So ... Sorry . You can ... ( SIGHS ) Hey . I know we didn 't really ... Might want to read that . This isn 't like other planes . You could say that again . Say what again ? Sweet ride . I earned a little goodwill from Director Fury when I got hit right before the Battle of New York . You took a bullet ? Ish . An Asgardian stabbed me through the heart with a Chitauri scepter . The effect was similar . Got a few weeks RR and this plane . Had it completely refurbished , studs up . Spared no expense . Yeah , Agent Ward told me they sent you to Tahiti . It 's a magical place . You mentioned that . Here . Use a coaster . I 'd buckle up . - I don 't even know where we 're going . - ( BEEP ) Peru . That 's where the 084 was reported . And an 084 is ? An object of unknown origin . Kind of like you . Team goes in , determines if it 's useful or if it poses a threat . The last one turned out to be pretty interesting . And what was the last one ? A hammer . ( TIRES SCREECH ) Tire tracks 40 meters back . I 'll check them against the site 's trucks . Make sure we 're alone . Too much exposure here . I 'm gonna find a place to park . ( ANIMAL CHATTERS ) I would love to see a capuchin in the wild . Maybe even a yellow-tailed woolly monkey . You know , Peru has 32 different species of monkey . Yeah , and close to 200 species of snakes . The shushupe has a fascinating venom . It 's neurotoxic , proteoloic and hemolylic . - ( CHUCKLES ) - ( CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ) - That 's fascinating . - Yeah . No , I 'd be much more concerned with earthquakes ... ( INSECT BUZZES , HAND SLAPS ) There 's no vaccine for dengue fever . ( GASPS ) Look at this . We should warn the people who live around here if the 084 is dangerous . They 're already dealing with anti-mining rebels and the Shining Path guerillas . I could post something . Do you remember the panic when that anti-matter meteor splashed down just off the coast of Miami , nearly devoured the city ? - No . - Precisely . Because we kept it quiet and contained . So what am I doing ? Well , if it gets out , I might need you to create some kind of diversion . Put the public on the wrong scent . So everything that I 'm against . Yep . - ( CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ) - Good morning , Professor . I 'm Agent Coulson , with S.H.l.E.L.D. I understand you made an interesting discovery . ( SIGHS ) I 'm not sure how to explain it . This temple dates back at least 500 years . It 's filled with pre-lncan artifacts . One of them is impossible . And looks like it might be dangerous . Well , that 's why we 're here . Watch out . Exactly as we found it . Who else knows about this ? Just the Ministry . I believe they are the ones who contacted you . Sir , I need you and your team to evacuate this site until we determine the risk associated with this object . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) Leave the man alone . Now . For your own safety . There 's nothing about this anywhere . It 's amazing . I searched every data stream . What do we got here , guys ? Whoa , careful , I ... No . Wouldn 't do that . The object 's placement in fossiliferous rook formations suggests it 's been here for at least 1,500 years . That pre-dates this temple by a millennium . Maybe it 's alien . Yeah , but the shape and the craftsmanship , it 's almost German . ( BIRDS CHIRPING ) Tires match the profs truck . Where 's your sidearm ? If I need a gun , I 'll take one . Right . Forgot I was working with The Cavalry . Don 't ever call me that . Apologies . I 've heard the stories . What went down in Bahrain . About you in action . You know , it was smart of Coulson to pull you out of retirement . It 's nice to have a trusted friend who has your back . ( GRUNTS ) ( VEHICLE APPROACHES ) ( MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH ) Should 've taken more guns . ( VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES ) ( MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH ) - WARD : Sir ? - Go . We have a situation . Lots of rebels in this area . Not enough gunfire . Keep working . I 'm on my way . ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) Phillip ? Camilla ? Do you mind ? After you . ( SPEAKS SPANISH ) ( MAN SPEAKING SPANISH ) And now for a proper hello . Comandante . A promotion , congratulations . Three years ago , but thank you . Agent Melinda May , Agent Grant Ward , this is Comandante Camilla Reyes . She 's with the Policia Militar del Peru . We used to work together back in the day . ( SCOFFS LIGHTLY ) Let the team know everything 's okay . REYES : I know you found a strange object on Peruvian soil . We should have a conversation about how to proceed . Of course . But an 084 supersedes all national claims . You look good . Yeah , I work out . Come , let me show you something . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) Are you seeing this ? It 's alive . " Alive , " alive ? It has a functioning power source . Sleepy 's reading radionuclides , but they don 't match any known isotope . I get temporal matches , but even then they seem to shift . Is that even possible ? It depends on the shifting of the temporal radio stuff , so ... It 's totally weird , right ? I 'm gonna go check on Coulson . We 've got company . National police . - What ? - Why are they here ? They heard about this object , they 're probably here to protect it . This area has lots of rebel uprisings . Yeah , people are fighting back against the government 's mining policies . It 's pretty kick-ass . Yeah . It 's kick-ass . All the violence . That 's not what I 'm saying . I know it 's what you 're typing . In your van , alone , where it 's safe . How much longer ? - What 's the hurry ? - Are we in danger ? Not if everyone does their job . What is yours exactly ? The cacao is from a secret valley in Peru . Very special . The best chocolate in the world . - It could use some sugar . - ( CHUCKLES ) Americans . You know me , Camilla . I 'm a pretty simple guy . There was nothing simple about your last mission here . I had some great help . There isn 't any chance we get to keep the device , is there ? It 's not mine to give , but I 'm sure we can find a way to resolve this respectfully in a way that gives your ... Rebels ! Stay close , on my 6 . ( GUNFIRE , INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) ( RUMBLING ) Sounds like they 're engaging with rebels . Let 's go . They 're coming for it . Let 's move ! Come on . No . No , no , no . - It doesn 't matter . - It does to me ! Please , let us do this ! We need a containment case for the 084 . There 's no time . But it has a fluctuating power core . Frequencies way above 10 exahertz . ( EXPLOSION ) Sorry . Science class is over . ( GRUNTS ) Whoa ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , wait ! You did not just pull that out of the wall . What is the matter with you ? Do you realize we do not know the amount of photon emissions coming out of this ... Okay . And we don 't know what 'll happen if it gets excited . Stay close . SIMMONS : Fitz , come on ! ( GUNFIRE ) Come on . ( SHOUTS IN SPANISH ) Your men need to fall back now or we 'll never make the runway . Now , your truck ' let 's go . - ( SCREAMS ) - Get back ! Tell your men to get down . ( SHOUTS IN SPANISH ) My truck . ( SHOUTS IN SPANISH ) ( GUN COCKS ) Get in ! Get in ! Move ! Now ! - Yeah , that 's a good idea . - Yes , of course . - After you . - After you . ( MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH ) Coulson 's secure in PMP 's truck . Take the south route to the airfield . Gotcha . Slow down ! You 're joking , right ? Ward , listen ! We 've got to be careful ! There 's a binding energy structure that could overheat ! I could roll down a window ! ( BULLETS RICOCHET ) Do not roll down a window ! Stay quiet and keep your heads down ! Head left . The ravine empties . - But Ward ... - BOTH : Quiet ! ( BEEPING ) - How fast can you have the wheels up ? - Fast . ( TIRES SCREECH ) - Ramp ! - On it . What are you doing ? Coulson is still out there ! Get off the ramp , you 're in the line of fire . ( GUNFIRE , INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) WARD : Cut it pretty close , sir . Didn 't want to leave anyone behind . I gotta say , I miss my van . Now , what was the problem ? As I said before , this device has a high frequency fluctuating sub-material compression ... Fitz , in English . The 084 is fueled by Tesseract technology . HYDRA , World War ll , Captain America . It 's full of lethal amounts of gamma radiation . Gamma ? You 're saying it 's nuclear ? COULSON : No . He 's saying it 's much , much worse . H.Q. : And the 084 is in your possession ? It 's on board and contains a Tesseract fuel cell . So there 's that . Copy . You are a go for check-in guidance through restricted airspace . - Safe travels . - ( SIGHS ) Top speeds a priority , May . Obviously . I know you didn 't want to see combat . I apologize for that . Do you need anything else before I go check on the device fueled by evil that 's sitting in our cargo hold ? This was fun . Not to worry . The device is stable . Not that it couldn 't explode at any minute , especially if hit with machine-gun fire . But things like this happen from time to time when in the field . And at first , it 's very unpleasant , and you regret your decision 40 leave the lab at all . - ( DOOR OPENS ) FITZ : Are you mental ? I did explain in great detail exactly what I meant using the Queen 's bloody English ! I use normal English . Words like " duck " and " run " and " might blow us to pieces . " Wow . Congratulations , Agent Ward . You managed to string three words together in a sentence . Is everyone all right ? Banged up , but alive . Thank you for the extraction . REYES : But we lost a lot of men . We 'll make sure the rest of you get home safe . Are we safe on a plane with that ? There 's a PMP airfield in Equitos . It 's a short distance ... We 're going as fast as we can for a S.H.I.E.L.D. containment facility . There 's no safer place for us to go . Sir , if I may , do you have anything to drink around here ? Upstairs . I think you 'll find it quite comfortable up there . I expect a grand tour . I know you do . ... we are dealing with ! WARD : I don 't understand anything you 're saying ! Do we have a problem in here ? No , sir . Just working on our communication . Not everyone was prepared for a firefight . We got out , didn 't lose anyone , saved a few of theirs . I 'd say we did all right . Anything else ? Yeah , I have a small question . Because I 've been feeling like the tag-along , hayseed rookie , but now I get the sense that Ward doesn 't know which she 's Simmons and which she 's Fitz , and they 've seen even less gunfire than me . And I 'm no rocket scientist , but is this your first mission together ? No . Of course not . It 's our second . I was your first ? That 's sweet . WARD : You 're amused ? I 'm terrified ! I am in way over my head , but I 've been on this team just as long as any of you . I might as well be team captain . ( SCOFFS ) Just joking . But maybe that 's not a bad idea , because these guys do not like each other much . This isn 't about that . I am a specialist . Today , I could have eliminated the enemy threat if I was working alone , but I had non-combat ready agents ... Whoa , whoa , wait , you work alone ? It 's so typical . Who do you think designs your equipment ? Or the polymers for your weaponry ? Yeah , try going into the field - with just your bare bum ! - People like us do it . See them proving the point I just made ? You 're not wrong . We still need to iron out the kinks . But , Ward , you can speak six languages . Simmons , you have two PhDs in fields I can 't pronounce , and , Fitz , you are a rocket scientist . So work it out . I 'm good at stuff , too ! ( SIGHS ) - ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ) - ( LAUGHS ) ... but really amazing to be here and have that bickering and all that stuff . Yeah . ( DEVICE BEEPS ) After you . So should we work or just continue to ... I 'm saying I said there would come a moment when we would regret the decision to go in the field . I didn 't think that would happen in week one . ( SCOFFING ) Oh , God . This seam in the sedimentary layers suggests some sort of molten cave-in a few decades back . Yeah , well , this here ? It 's optical amplification . Now , I think ... Well , I 'm most likely dead on , that the Tesseractic energy excites plasma with an inverse population of energy levels . A laser . A ray of pure energy . Two terajoules . See the amplifier ? We 're lucky the drones didn 't trigger it while we were taking electromagnetic readings . This is a weapon , powerful enough to ... Enough to melt through 50 feet of solid rock to bury itself . Imagine what it could do to a person . Yeah , or an airplane . For example . Hunger Games ? Matterhorn . One of 100 books my S.O. gave me that I 'm just getting around to . 8.0 . ? Supervising Officer ? Got it . Hackers have lingo , too , but I 'll pick yours up . I feel like you and me , wrong foot . Can I buy you a drink ? ( CHUCKLES ) What I said before , when I said the uprising was ... Whatever I said . A good thing ? I don 't want you to think I 'm oblivious . What I was talking about was the tweets . Tweets . Are you trying to make things better or worse ? Peruvians have organized for the first time in decades . Thousands of suffering people who 've never met uniting over a common idea ? It 's mind-blowing . And I don 't wanna bring it up , because I don 't want to see your hate face , but that 's what the Rising Tide is all about . Okay . Usually , one person doesn 't have the solution . But 100 people , with 1 % of the solution ? That 'll get it done . I think that 's beautiful . Pieces solving a puzzle . You and I see the world differently is all . I 've never been in a war zone during a war . Till today . That was crazy . Take it you 've seen that a lot ? ( SIGHS ) What ... Did you get shot ? Skin-deep , nothing to worry about . You got shot . Did that happen protecting us ? I said don 't worry about it . Well , no wonder you were so pissed . I wasn 't pissed . I was trained to be the whole solution . To eliminate variables . And today , they keep adding up . We 're turning . We 've entered restricted airspace , so we have to follow certain flight paths . It 's regulation . This plane is capable of fully automated flight , but May has to be on the stick herself tonight . You 've got an 8.0 . , May 's got to be on the stick . Lots of good lingo on this plane . Yeah . And we just can 't seem to understand each other . First walkie-talkie wristwatch . 1936 , Poland . They only made 20 , I think . Still works . I forgot you 're such a sentimentalist , Phillip . ( CHUCKLES ) Romanticizing history . Yeah , most of it 's glued down . There was an elegance to things back then . There we agree . With everything around us changing so quickly , it doesn 't hurt to have a few touchstones to the past . Reminds me of what 's important . The last thing I want to do is relive days gone by . - A few nights , maybe . - ( DOOR CLOSES ) I see what you 're doing . I am reminiscing . This plane is such a step up from the RV we used to work out of when you were stationed in Cuzco . I don 't remember much working . ( CHUCKLES ) I also don 't remember you being this direct . Skye , hand me the bottle . Okay , Turbo . But you 're still nursing the one you got . I 'm not the only one . We 're stuck above the clouds for the next few hours . We might as well enjoy ourselves . We could make a few more memories to add to your collection . What do you think ? I think Ward already knows you 'll have lo eliminate May from the equation to have a chance . Which gives him about 20 seconds to get to her first . Ahh ! ( DEVICE BEEPS , DRILL WHIRS ) ( ALL GRUNTING ) ( AIR HISSES ) We were allies . We had history . When did you decide to throw that away ? As soon as I saw your team . ( SPITS ) The reason I 'm still alive is because you need me to verify the change of routes for your pilot when HQ calls in any minute now . I 'd appreciate that . But if I don 't , S.H.l.E.L.D. will shoot this aircraft out of the sky . That 'll take the 084 out of your hands . Maybe I should let them . No , I think you 'll make the call . You already handed me your plane for the life of one of your little lab rats . If I open the cargo hold , you lose them all . And you are such a sentimentalist . This is my fault . Should 've learned kung fu . SIMMONS : Oh , yeah , but I shouldn 't have pushed you into the field in the first place . You weren 't ready . It was my job to make a proper threat assessment . " We . " We weren 't ready . This couldn 't have happened if Agent May wasn 't on the stick . She would have busted out some of her ninja knowhow . Agent May ? No , no , no , she transferred from administration . Well , I 've seen her destroy a guy , so ... You 've heard of The Cavalry ? - Yeah . - Yeah . Well , everyone at the Academy talks about ... - She 's The Cavalry ! - She 's The Cavalry ! I told you never to call me that . I can 't believe it . We 're sure to get out of here now . How do we get out of here ? ( GRUNTS ) We can 't go through the doors . They 're bolted , tied to the pressurization lines . You two geniuses have nothing ? Yeah , well , it 's hard to concentrate in these intense situations . Hey . Don 't freeze up . Take a breath . You don 't need to come up with the whole solution . Just part of it . Right ? Yeah . Pieces solving a puzzle . COULSON : You knew this was a weapon all along . REYES : But you got to it first . I had to play nice . Yes , Coulson , for once , I 'm actually ahead of you . My country commissioned that weapon decades ago . After the fall of HYDRA , many scientists followed their Nazi friends to hide in this side of the world . German engineering . The weapon was lost during a clash in the jungle . Until today . With it , we 'll end the rebel uprising and finally stabilize my country . You mean rule your country . You stay in your borders , I 'll stay in mine . Those borders are disappearing . Aliens descended on New York , remember ? They don 't care whose colors you wear , they just care who 's in the way . We should be working together , not fighting . Well , that 's clearly the worst idea we 've heard yet . But it could work . Reyes is going to kill us the minute we land , regardless . Blame it on rebels . This way , we have a fighting chance . I 'll take it . What 's first ? We can 't get upstairs without going in the lab . And the only way to release the lab doors is from upstairs . The first thing is we 're tied to the cargo doors . - So unless you can ... - ( CRACK ) What the hell was that ? Her wrist . Aah ! ( CRACK ) What 's next ? Was it 11 years ago now ? You swooped in with S.H.l.E.L.D. with so much confidence , so much mystery . You had 100 men at your disposal . And now ... A hand-picked team . And , yes , they 're that good . Phil , you 're not even aware . You 're renewed idealism , your collectibles , your airborne man-cave . Surrounding yourself with young , attractive agents . You 're having a mid-life crisis . More an after-life thing , really . And I 'm not going to even mention the red Corvette . Her name 's Lola . ( LAUGHS ) Of course it is . It 's textbook . You built this team so you could feel relevant , to feel needed . They don 't need me . They need time . Well , time is not on their side . No , but you gave them something better . A common enemy . Okay , we 're sure , right ? Everyone sure ? - We 're all on board . - Yeah , let 's do this fast . No turning back . No freezing up . Because if we do , then ... - All of us die . - We know . All right . ( ENGINE REVS ) You guys talk a lot . ( VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES , ENGINE REVS ) ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) ( DRILL WHIRS ) ( DEVICE BEEPS ) H.Q. : S.H.I.E.L.D. 616 , we have radar contact . Requesting confirmation on a change in course Over . ( GUN COCKS ) Answer it or they all learn what a 30,000-foot drop feels like . Agent Coulson , are you there ? You have course confirmation . You are cleared direct to the Slingshot . Agent Coulson , everything all right up there ? We heard you had a little dustup on the ground . Yeah , we 're all good . It 's gonna be blue skies from here on out . Simmons ? Forget what I said before . This is the moment that we 'll regret . ( DEVICE BEEPS ) ( SCREAMS ) Aah ! Aah ! SKYE : It worked . The drop in cabin pressure released the doors . I 'll take care of the soldiers , you guys get to the 084 . And Coulson ? Let 's hope he can handle himself . - ( ALARMS BLARING ) - Aah ! Aah ! ( WIND HOWLING ) Get back ! Go now ! Find the 084 ! ( GRUNTS ) Help ! Help ! Coulson ! Got you ! Hold on ! It 's okay . I 've got it ! Fitz ! We got it , reel us back in ! FITZ : I 've got you ! ( BUCKLE CLICKS ) What are you doing ? We need your help . Trust me . Don 't want you to know what a 30,000-foot drop feels like . Aah ! ( CLANGS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Cut him loose . - Sorry ! - Sorry , Ward ! WARD ; Hold on ! ( FABRIC RIPS ) Aah ! I read the safety pamphlet . I think you might be the first . No other way in , huh ? I was just starting to warm up to this place . The 084 is cooling and stable . But we should call HQ and get it to The Slingshot as soon as possible . I told you they were good . ( HAMMERS POUNDING , TOOLS WHIRRING ) MAN 1 : Make sure that track is clear before you seal it in . MAN 2 : All right . Got some packing materials , still . MAN 1 : Meet you up top . Not a scratch . But your plane 's totaled . I hope S.H.l.E.L.D. insurance covers hijackings . Sure . Under " incidentals . " ( CHUCKLES ) What exactly am I signing up for ? Like I said . Front row seat to the craziest show on Earth . Yeah , but I didn 't expect the show to get this crazy this fast , all for an object you 're just gonna destroy . Slingshot is protocol . A weapon like the 084 is too dangerous for any person or country to have . People like Reyes would always be after it . What happened with Reyes anyway ? She 's being held at a S.H.I.E.L.D. detainment facility . I expect the Peruvian government will negotiate for her release . She probably won 't spend much time in jail . No , I mean what happened with you and Reyes ? You guys totally did it back in the day , right ? That 's classified . ( LAUGHS ) Looks like Skye might end up as more than just a consultant . Despite her reservations . You know , she could turn into a solid asset . With some serious work . Well , if she wants to be a field agent , she 'll need a supervising officer . Someone disciplined , someone good . All right . I 'll do it . Just to clarify , you were talking about me , right ? - FITZ : We blew up a plane . - I had a new experience . Eat that , Professor Vaughn . You had a new experience . But it was new for all of us . MAY : They 're happy . Hey , come on . You guys don 't want to miss this . Where is it ? FITZ : So it 'll take about 180 days to reach the Sun . Now , yes , of course , it would 've been faster if they used hydrogen-fuelled APU 's , but they 're having fun . How many of those have you guys had ? ( LAUGHING ) Skye , it 's important when in the field to unwind from time to time . Yeah , especially after a hard day of everyone almost dying . Which doesn 't happen every day , right ? It 's an anomaly . An irregularity . Not the norm . Speaking of not the norm , whose idea was it to blow a hole in the plane ? May said that the doors were tied to the pressurization , so I thought ... So we thought it was the only way to release them . It was everyone 's idea ' sir . Yeah , it was quite genius really . Nice work . MAN : All clear for liftoff . FITZ : Time for blastoff . - ( Nasally ) Launching in three , two ... - ( LAUGHS ) The trajectory will take it beyond the Lagrange Points so that it doesn 't hit Herschel . SIMMONS : Yeah , and there haven 't been any coronal mass ejections , so it shouldn 't lose telemetry . WARD : Guys , English . Ow . ( CELL PHONE VIBRATES ) FURY : Really ? Really , Coulson ? Six days ? It only took you six days to take a completely renovated piece of state-of-the-an machinery , and turn it into scrap ? My team acted with my authority . Don 't talk to me about authority . Do you know how much this plane cost ? It 's got a bar . A really nice one . Talking to me about authority . You know , I have the authority to downgrade your ass to a Winnebago . I 'm aware of that , sir . Well , I want it fixed just like you found it . So don 't have Fitz-Simmons going making modifications like a damn fish tank . YES , sir . And the new girl , she 's a risk . I know , sir . You know , sir ? How 's Lola ? She 's fine , sir . Thanks for asking . Talking to me about authority . Yeah , we 're gonna have to kill the fish tank . Ripped By mstoll
