 - So , what 's this test supposed to do ? - ( woman ) : Just say the first thing that comes to your mind . Father . - I was a baby when he died in that fire . - Rage . - Ancient history . - Ascension . - Trap . ♪ ♪ ♪ ( ♪ oldies on stereo ♪ ) ( men and women talking , indistinct ) - Chin up ! Back straight ! I should be able to draw a line From your earlobe to your ankle . Jackie , the seams of your stockings are a disgrace . Mmm ! Never bend at the waist . It 's graceless . Remember : Poised , elegant , confidant . - Don 't you just love their uniforms ? They always look so perfect . I 'm thinking about apprenticing . - If spending 6 months Learning to put on lipstick and talk in a breathy whisper Is your idea of fun . - Not everyone aces their apt test , nora . There 's no way i 'm gonna end up cutting hair like my mom . Besides , stewardesses get all the prettiest clothes . - Have you seen lorelei ? She said she 'd be here . - Are you coming to the party tonight ? - To toast the glorious tin can ? No thanks . - Try not to drool on the decorations , nora . ( glasses clinking ) ( man talking in distance ) - ( stokes ) : Take off . Hello ! Nixon ! Bordeaux ! - What 's bordeaux ? - Wine . There 's only 25 bottles Of chateau st-cloud ' 59 left . After tonight , there 'll be 24 . - So , do you have what i came for ? - Mmm ! Yeah ! I 'll be in my cabin at 21 : 00 after your little party . - Your cabin off the slaughter stalls ... Enticing ! ( scoffing ) - Is that funny to you ? We had an understanding ! It 's not funny , stokes . It 's sad . ( ♪ woman singing fly me to the moon ♪ ) - ♪ ♪ fly me to the moon let me play among the stars ♪ ♪ let me see what spring is like ♪ ♪ on jupiter and mars ♪ ♪ in other words ... ♪ - Commander gault ! - Mrs. Vanderhaus , are you alone this evening ? ♪ in other words ... ♪ - It seems her husband Was assigned the midwatch suddenly . - Lorelei ... - Captain 's orders . Not my idea . I 'd say it 's a shame that your sister 's unaccompanied When she looks so stunning tonight . And you 're stunning too , of course . - Lorelei 's not happy with me . We both have issues With the other 's taste in men . ( scoffing ) ♪ in other words , please be true ♪ ( sighing ) - Yeah , i 'm just not feeling it . ♪ in other words , i love you ♪ ♪ - ( dr . Enzmann on film ) : The time has come for mankind To take longer strides . We must move further down the line . We must reach for the stars . ( audience applauding on film ) Imagine the greatest journey ever undertaken , A century-long sojourn to a new world Completed by the grandchildren Of the brave souls who embarked on this adventure . ( grunting ) ( panting ) ( both moaning ) ( grunting , panting ) ( metal clanging ) ( footsteps approaching ) Our eyes must be focused on the stars If we are to have any hope Of surviving this arms race , this space race , Indeed , this human race . - Have you seen lorelei ? - No , no . I 'm sure she 's around somewhere . - ( dr . Enzmann ) : Esteemed colleagues , friends , Ladies and gentlemen , i give you ... Ascension . ( audience applauding on film ) - Lorelei ! Lorelei ? Lorelei ? Lorelei ? ( screaming ) ( ♪ rocket man by elton john ♪ ) ♪ ♪ and i think it 's gonna be a long , long time ♪ ♪ till touchdown brings me around again ♪ ♪ to find i 'm not the man they think i am at home ♪ ♪ oh , no , no , no i 'm a rocket man ♪ ♪ rocket man , i 'm burning out of fuse up here alone ♪ ♪ and i think it 's gonna be a long , long time ♪ ♪ till touchdown brings me around again ♪ ♪ to find i 'm not the man they think i am at home ♪ ♪ oh , no , no , no i 'm a rocket man ♪ ♪ rocket man , i 'm burning out of fuse up here alone ♪ ♪ and i think it 's gonna be a long , long time ♪ ♪ and i think it 's gonna be a long , long time ♪ ( repeating ) : ♪ and i think it 's gonna be a long , long time ♪ ♪ ( birds chirping ) ( men and women talking , indistinct ) - Dad ! Why is my father restrained ? - Restrained . " the quality of mercy is not strained . " it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven " upon the place ... " - He was agitated earlier . That 's why we called . His visitor seemed- - - Visitor ? I 'm his only visitor , and he barely knows i 'm here . - I don 't know the man , but he 's still on the grounds . I passed him just outside talking on his phone . - Why are you harassing my father ? - You 're the son , harris . Look , um ... I 'm really sorry about what your father 's going through , The stroke , and what it 's done to him . It must be hellish to see him that way . I 'm mark hayes . And i didn 't mean to upset him . I 've admired dr . Enzmann for years . I 'm doing my dissertation on his work . - You 're an academic . - Yeah . I 'm finishing my ph.D. On the history of the early space program . It 's tragic to me That most people don 't know who your father is . He inspired me . - He inspired me too . - Yeah , i guess it 's kind of hard to top a dad Who escaped from the nazis , And then developed rockets for nasa , huh ? - Hmm ! - You ever hear of project ascension ? - I haven 't heard those words in years . - Your father was convinced That the us could launch an interstellar spacecraft Right then in the ' 60s with the technology we had . I mean , you can 't go faster than the speed of light , So the original crew would never see the new world , But their descendants would . - Quite a dream dad had ! - ( whispering ) : I think he did it . - I was taking you seriously . - No , wait a minute ! Look ! Wait , wait , wait ! Look , look , look ! They had the means , right ? Kennedy was a fan . Think of what it might be like ! A mission like no other ! And imagine the people that went : Hundreds of people out there in space In a world that never knew the summer of love , Betty friedan , the autobiography of malcolm x , the clash , Fresh from father knows best exploring the universe . - I work for the government . Do you have any idea how incompetent it is ? Do you really think that they could do something like this And no one would know ? - Ascension was the military . It was top secret . What do you do ? - I 'm an engineer . I evaluate government contracts . - Look , before you write me off , Go see one of your father 's old associates , Whoever 's still alive . Maybe they 'll talk to you . - Thanks , but i 'll skip humiliating myself . - You could claim your father 's legacy for him . This is real ... And the world should know . - ( woman on pa ) : Do you have what it takes To make a difference ? Apply for a safety officer apprenticeship today . - Good morning , ladies ! - ( male voice ) : On ascension , safety is our priority . ( keypad beeping ) ( computers beeping ) - Xo , sir , i 've been looking for you . You weren 't in your quarters last night . - I didn 't sleep there , obviously . Is that an issue ? - No , sir , of course not . It 's just , the captain 's been looking for you . - Carry on . ( sighing ) What happened ? - It looks like she fell and hit her head . - I 'm sorry , duke . - How am i gonna tell my wife her sister 's dead ? - Every kid on this ship knows this place Like the back of their hand . - What are you saying ? - I 'm saying it 's hard for me to believe it was just an accident . Marks on her wrists ... It could be from a rope . - Wow ! Agatha christie would be impressed ! Or have you been reading raymond chandler ? - All right , then ! You 're chief safety officer . What 's your theory ? - She had too much to drink at launch day . She came out here for a midnight swim Like we all did when we were kids ... - Hmm ! - ... Only she slipped . Like dr . Bryce said , an accident . - Take her to the medical centre . She 's been out here way too long . - You really believe this wasn 't an accident ? - Look , i know it may sound crazy- - - I want you to look into it . If there is the slightest chance , We need to be sure . - Captain , i don 't have any experience with this . - Nobody does . - Vanderhaus is your chief safety officer . Why don 't you get him to do it ? - He 's handled nothing worse Than petty theft or a drunken brawl . She 's family . He can 't entertain the idea . - He won 't be happy . - Look , i can 't worry about his feelings , gault . I have to take care of 600 souls . - And you don 't want a panic . - Exactly . Imagine what it would do If they thought a neighbour was a killer , So just keep this under the radar for the time being . Are we clear ? - Clear . - Ok . ( pa system buzzing ) Attention , please ! This is captain denninger . It pains me to report this , But last night , we lost one of our own in a tragic accident : Lorelei wright . Those who knew her Said she was a beacon of light and vitality , A light that has been extinguished all too soon . Her passing reminds us all of the fragility of life . Our hearts go out to those she leaves behind . Thank you . - Is a full autopsy really necessary ? - I 'll also need a blood analysis for alcohol , drugs And any other tests you can think of . - Does the captain really believe That lorelei was murdered ? - I 'm looking into it , But remember , the official story is that it was an accident . - What the hell are you doing , gault ? - I just have a few questions for mrs . Wright . - Hasn 't my family been through enough ? - It 's fine . If it 's important , it 's fine . - Thank you , ma 'am . ( sighing ) - If there is anything i can do ... - Thank you . - Had lorelei been upset about anything recently ? Did she have a boyfriend ? - All the boys were interested in her . That 's no secret . She didn 't run around Like some lower-deck trash . - Can you think of any reason That someone might wanna harm her ? - Oh ! - Of course not ! What are you implying ? Duke , what is this about ? - You know what ? That 's enough . My family and i would like to be alone now . - Of course . I 'm sorry for your loss . ( crying ) - Let me help you . We told your mom you 're here . - You were in a state of shock . We gave you a sedative . ( ekg monitor beeping ) Christa ? Christa ? - In the glau room , they 're watching . ( christa panting ) They 're watching ! - Nora , chloral hydrate , 500 milligrams ! - ( panting , crying ) : No , no , no ! The globus sees all ! - Nora , the sedative ! ( christa panting ) - Is she going to be all right ? ( sighing ) - Yeah ! I think so . She just needs to rest . Nora , could you excuse us for a moment , please ? I didn 't wanna say anything before , But when i administered lorelei 's psych-eval , I found some troubling things . - Like ? - Frustration , depression , rage ... She felt like her life wasn 't her own . - The crisis . - Usually , the crisis is a normal part of coming of age . We all have to deal with the fact That we have no control over our destiny , That this was chosen for us before we were born . - It hit me when i was 14 , The unfairness that i couldn 't be a pro baseball player Or a secret agent . - Back on earth , you could dream as big as you wanted . Your parents could allow any illusions to die naturally . There were an infinity of possibilities to try . - We don 't have infinity . We only have the ship . We 're born in it . We die in it . - But with lorelei , the crisis seemed more intense , Unnerving in a way i 've never seen before . I was afraid of what she might do . - ( lorelei ) : So , what 's this test supposed to do ? - ( juliet ) : Just say the first thing that comes to your mind . Father . - I was a baby When he died in that fire . - Rage . - Ancient history . - Ascension . - Trap . - We have a camera at the entrance to water reclamation . The beach is a blind spot . There ! This is the time-stamp you asked for , But as you can see , nobody enters or exits . - How could she have gotten down there without being seen ? There has to be another way to the beach . Pull video from the commons , track her movements , Find out where we lose her . - Yes , sir . - Mr. Gault ? May i have a word ? - Emily , they already know i wasn 't in my cabin last night . Coming to me here , it 's too risky . - I had to see you . - But of course ! I 'm sorry about your sister . - There 's something i have to tell you . Lorelei was seeing someone : James toback . - Why didn 't your mother tell me ? - He 's from the lower decks . He works in water reclamation . - She was embarrassed . - She wants to maintain this image of her as a perfect lady , But it wasn 't the truth . She was with james the night she died . I told her she had to stop seeing him , But she threatened to expose us . - You should 've told me . - She wouldn 't have done it . Lorelei could be selfish at times , But not cruel , not like that . - The safety officers came by water reclamation today Looking for me . - Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Calm down , james ! - Lorelei 's dead , and they 're looking for me . What 'd you tell them ? - ( man ) : Hey , hey ! ( panting ) - You need to learn some manners , pup ! Get him out of here ! ( grunting ) - Her blood-alcohol level was elevated , But not enough to incapacitate her . However , she did have sexual intercourse Within hours of her death . - What about the marks on her wrists ? - Your xo might 've been right about those rope burns . She had contusions on her torso and a broken collarbone . - So it wasn 't an accident ? - I also found a fibre strand in her teeth . There is a good possibility she was gagged . And the autopsy Revealed another surprise : A small puncture wound in the roof of her mouth . - What caused it ? Let me know if any new information comes to light , ok ? Thank you . ( door closing ) - Why is the good doctor calling so late ? Should i be jealous ? What 's that ? - A bullet , which begs the question : How did a gun get on this ship ? - ( woman on pa ) : Nathan , please report to midline . - It was a .22 short , i looked it up , An uncommon cavalry even on earth . - How 'd it get on the ship ? There were no firearms on the manifest . - It must 've been smuggled . - And kept hidden for 50 years ? - Yet someone knew what they were doing . It wasn 't powerful enough to puncture the hole Or damage the hydraulic systems , just enough to kill . I put in an official comment in the log And communicated with earth . - Why use the gun now ? - The rubicon , maybe ? Once we pass that point of no return , We won 't have the resources to be able to go back to earth . We 're gonna have to continue on to proxima no matter what . - People are getting anxious . - Yeah , i 'm ordering a search of the ship . - If vanderhaus and his jackboots start flipping beds And rooting through underwear drawers , it will cause a panic . - What 's going to happen When the crew finds out a murderer 's on the loose ? - If you tip our hand with that , the killer will dump the gun . - Give me a chance to find him . - Anyone else gets hurt , it 's gonna be on you . ( men talking , indistinct ) - ( woman on pa ) : Have a friend feeling blue ? Sign them up on ... - Lucy , i 'm home ! - I placed the treasure Of cinema and literature before you , And this is all you remember . - I came looking for books about how police solve crimes . - " the voice of thy brother 's blood " crieth unto me from the ground . " Or i suppose sister in this case . There are no absolute secrets on board this ship . Someone always knows , And someone always talks in the end . I heard a rumour about you . - The captain wants me to investigate lo- - - The rumour about you and a woman , A woman not lawful for you to love . - Who said that ? - You know how these stories end . Camelot 's gone , the heroes are dead And the woman enters a nunnery . - It 's always stores with you . I came here to talk nonfiction . - Police manuals were written for people on earth Where cops walk the beat , And there 's an infrastructure in place to deal with criminals . - Then what do you suggest ? - Try philip marlowe . He walked the mean streets alone . - Read detective stories ? That 's your idea ? - They made a number of movies If you 're too lazy to turn a page . There 's also hitchcock , fritz lang- - - Ok , movies ! I got it ! What did lorelei watch ? - She liked movies like beach party or gidget , Anything with blue skies and sandy beaches . There was something else . This is the last thing she checked out . - The night of the fire . - Are you ready to open old wounds ? - I can take it . I learned from the best . The video card ... She kept it . Why ? - What are you doing here ? It 's ok . Don 't leave . - Lorelei brought me here sometimes . - If she brought you here , she must 've liked you . - Or maybe she just wanted someone to paint the clouds . - You painted those ? She told me she did . Lorelei said that if she was born on earth , She would 've lived on the beach and surfed all day . - Maybe one day , we 'll see a real one . We 'll never touch the land , much less see a beach . - That 's not true . We 'll get there . We 'll be old , but we 'll see it . - Face it . Our grandparents screwed us . They sent us on a one-way ticket to nowhere . - How can you say that ? - This ship was a trillion-dollar payday . 50 years ago , a bunch of people lined their pockets , And then sent us out here to die . - They sent us here To ensure life would go on no matter what . - Read the history books . People on earth weren 't saints . - Lorelei told me some of the lower-deckers Didn 't believe in the mission . I guess she meant you . - We 're all going to the same place : Nowhere . And none of us have a choice . - I think you 're a little crazy . ( chuckling ) - Probably . - You know how deep that tank goes ? - 40 metres , maybe ? - That 's wrong . It goes all the way to hell . ( moaning ) - Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Whoa ! Where are you going ? - I 'm finished . - Well , i 'm not ! Get back here ! - I 'm gonna give back those silk dresses you gave me . - It 's not polite to return a gift . - As the captain 's wife , It wouldn 't be proper to dress too extravagantly . - Yeah , well , when i 'm captain , You can dress as extravagantly as you like , ok ? - Yeah , and when is that gonna happen ? The council has moved To unseat my husband 3 times already , unsuccessfully . - Well , that 's before this girl died . - An accident in water reclamation Isn 't gonna change anything , except to put up guard rails . - It wasn 't an accident . - That investigation into her death ? Strictly covering their ass . - My sources think the girl was murdered . - Please ! Your sources are paranoid . - They think your husband is deliberately downplaying this , Making it seem pro forma , When , actually , this is quite serious . - To prevent a panic . - Hysteria , fear ... Let me tell you this . Any man who can 't control his ship , Does not deserve to have the word " captain " In front of his name , So come back here and finish what you started . - It is fun to keep a man waiting . You know what else is fun ? Surprises . ( councilman rose chuckling ) Because finishing what you started Is never as good as starting something new . - I love the way you think . ( elevator beeping ) - They found her lying there like that . She hasn 't said a word . - Thank you for calling me . You know , when i was pregnant with nora , I would come up here And daydream about what proxima was like . I 'd imagine plants and animals i 'd never seen before . - I like your necklace . - It 's a seahorse . - There aren 't any in the aquariums . - No , we didn 't bring any . The only ones are back in the oceans on earth . - It 's beautiful . - Christa , You see that star cluster ? Alpha centauri is binary , 2 suns orbiting each other , But when we zoom in a little closer , We can see a third . That 's proxima . That 's where we 're going to live . - You 're wrong . There 's no life there . There ! That 's life . That 's where we have to go . Everything else is death . - You didn 't show up for work last night . - Is that why your safety officers pulled me in , For playing hooky ? - Where were you the night of the launch celebration ? - The hold . - Drinking ? - Actually , i go down there for the intellectual conversation . - Your girlfriend was murdered , james . - What are you talking about ? It was an accident . - Were you with her that night ? - No ! Yes , but early . We got in an argument . - About what ? - She didn 't wanna go to the party with me . - Did she say why ? - No . That 's just who lorelei was . She made you feel like you were living life on edge , That things would fly apart any second . But it was worth it . She made you feel like you were truly alive . - On the medical report , It says that lorelei had sex in the hours before death . - Well , i guess i wasn 't the only one On the edge with her then . - You won 't find your courage in the bottom of a glass . - Are you calling me a coward ? - ( chuckling ) : I would never call A hero of the inferno a coward . - I should hope not . We owe these quarters to my courage . Unless the idea of going back to the lower decks appeals to you . - William , i 'm trying to be helpful . Use this distraction To ensure your place , our place , going forward . - A girl was murdered ! - It 's an opportunity ! The council is terrified of insurrection . Move decisively , reassert your position . - Callousness is your least attractive quality . ( scoffing ) - Yes , terrible , terrible me , who took my joke of a job And turned it into something that will serve us both . - I doubt your girls are as pleased . - My girls have made alliances With nearly every powerful man on this ship . They enjoy their privileges , And we enjoy the favours they trade And the information they bring . ( scoffing ) I 'd keep your head in the sand if it makes you feel better . I 'll go on being the politician , So you can pretend to be the statesman . - Christa ! I 'm glad to see you 're doing better . Would it be all right to ask you some questions about launch day ? - Lorelei was gonna teach me how to dance , But i couldn 't find her . - Why did she go to the beach ? - She was afraid of someone . - Was it james toback ? - Not james . He was nice to her . - Then who ? - She wouldn 't say , but she said he knew the truth . - The truth about what ? Earlier , you told dr . Bryce something about globus . What does that mean ? Was it something to do with lorelei ? - Dr. Bryce had me on some kind of medicine . - Look , you can tell me . - But i 'm a weirdo already . Sometimes , i think i know things . - What kind of things ? - It 's hard to explain . It 's like i can still feel it ... Underneath everything , Behind everything , Like a skull under the skin . ( men talking , indistinct ) - Good morning , laura ! Good to see you ! - What is that ? - You like it ? With full life-support system , completely radiation sealed . A couple of more tweaks , It should be ready to road test in proxima . - Dr. Choi , i was wondering if you 've selected All your apprentices for terraforming yet . - I have now . - ( man ) : Try it now . - Now , i read your report . You don 't think the boyfriend killed lorelei ? - No , i don 't , sir . - This toback kid 's trouble . Vanderhaus said he 's been detained For fighting and drinking in the past . - He 's from the lower decks . He 's had it rough . - Find proof that he didn 't do it . Otherwise , he 's our man . - Bullshit ! You put me in charge of this investigation 'cause i wouldn 't be bullied , not even by you . - You owe me , aaron , all right ? If the council loses confidence , They 're gonna push me out of the captain 's chair , And you 're not gonna be far behind . - I 'm doing this my way , sir . If you wanna relieve me , that 's your prerogative . - You know , aaron , if you and i weren 't born on this ship , We could 've accomplished great things . - We are doing something great , sir . - The captain who launched and the captain who lands , That 's who history will remember . The guy in the middle , who gives a shit . Handle it your way for now , aaron . ( keypad beeping ) ( siren wailing in distance ) ( dog barking , bird chirping ) - There you go , honey . - Thanks ! - Oh , harris , that light is still on in the car . Harris , are you listening ? You said you 'd get it fixed . - Uh , it 's just a reminder . I 'll take care of it this weekend . - Yeah , that 's what you said last weekend . - What are you typing ? - It 's actually called texting , dad . - I know that . What are you texting ? - Nothing . - I know what diaf means . It means : " die in a fire . " - A kid was giving me a hard time , No big deal , so i told him to diaf . - Hello ! - It 's just words on a screen . - They 're not just words on a screen . There 's a world in here , and when you type on it , You become part of that world . You change it . You have to take responsibility for that . - Harris , something 's happened at work . ( speaking german ) ( door buzzing ) - Sorry about your shirt . Your alibi checked out . I felt the same way when i was your age , That i had no choice , Then i realized this is what we have to work with . We find meaning where we can . - You done ? White shirt , track him . - He 's moving down the central corridor . ( computer beeping ) Where 's he gone ? I don 't see him . We lost him . - There , a-deck . - Yeah . - He 's headed to the beach . ( birds chirping ) What are you doing down here , james ? - You followed me ? - You know more than you 're telling me . So , where 's the launch day tape that lorelei took ? - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - You know , i saw the movies she watched : Surf , sand and sun . She loved nature . That 's why she was drawn to this place . - You call this nature ? Did you actually watch those movies ? They took it all for granted , the sky , the ocean . They could run on the beach for miles Without slamming into a bulkhead . This beach represents everything that 's fake about our lives . For lorelei to die here , of all places . - I don 't think she died here . There 's no video of anyone but lorelei coming down here . There wasn 't any sign of a struggle , And nothing explained the marks on her wrists . - There 's only one way in or out . - You 're wrong . There 's more than one ... Right here . ( elevator beeping ) - Stop it ! I know you 're there ! Stop watching us ! Leave us alone ! I 'm not afraid of you ! I 'm not afraid of you ! - I should tell you where we 're at . - Trust me , i 'm up to date . I 'm getting memos every 10 minutes . - What if warren finds out ab- - - she won 't . There 's someone interested in my father 's work , a grad student . He knows about ascension . - How much does he know ? - He speculated what the people on board would be like . He was convinced a starship was launched . - We need to tell the director ! - No ! - You 're holding off telling her About this guy and about the anomaly . This thing could blow up in her face ! - This is my father 's legacy . I won 't have it tarnished . - Harris , the crew isn 't safe . - These people have spent the past 51 years Dealing with the rigours of deep space . They 're used to being unsafe . ( siren wailing in distance ) ( air hissing ) - This place is a maze . My father told me about it . Looks like someone 's been down here . - " n.F. " What do you think it means ? - No idea . What 's this ? Rilke . " love poems to god . " All these pages are blank . - Here ! This is where lorelei was murdered . - Why would they bleach the pages ? - Everything on board is electronic . Writing on a stenotab is a risk . - Well , this is the water-filtration system , The nav-computer blueprints . - A month ago , the nav computer crashed . Just last week , the water - filtration system went off line . It 's not a coincidence . - It was sabotage . - Who are they ? - We 're not sure . But we suspect they wanna force the ship back to earth . - Sir , i 'm the xo . Why wasn 't i told of this ? - We believe the saboteurs have their routes below decks . - Now i 'm a security risk Because i wasn 't born in the upper decks ? - If the council knew how close we were to insurrection , It 'd be rose sitting in this chair , not me . Search the ship . Turn it upside down . I want answers . - All right , captain ! - ( man ) : Hey , give me a hand here ! ( chickens clucking , man shouting indistinctly ) - ( vanderhaus ) : Attention ! Place all contraband on the tables in front of you And prepare to be searched ! - What 's a matter , duke ? Didn 't get this month 's payoff ? - Step aside , stokes ! - This isn 't about lorelei . It 's about the captain denying the lower deckers a voice . ( men exclaiming ) - Stand down , and prepare to be searched . - Better get your own house in order before you come into mine . I have it on good authority the chief safety officer 's wife Is taking another man into her bed . ( men laughing ) ... Which leaves only one question : What 's he got that you don 't ? ( men grunting and shouting indistinctly ) ( alarm sounding ) - ( male voice ) : Radiation alert ! - Stand down ! Stand down ! Emergency protocols ! We 're heading into a radiation storm ! Hey ! This is not over ! - Radiation alert ! - Let 's go ! - The ship 's radar says we 're heading to a big ion cloud Unlike anything we 've seen . - We 've been hit with cosmic rays before . Is this different ? - That was before we reached our current speed . The radiation caused by our speed-of-light velocity Will cause fireworks . - How long do we have ? - 30 , maybe 40 minutes . - Clear the decks . Announce radiation protocol . - The starboard blast shields are not closing . - Without shields , the radiation will burn through the ship . - Pump the grey water to the forward tanks as a buffer . Assemble a repair team . Get those shields closed ! ( alarms sounding ) ( men and women exclaiming ) ( alarms sounding ) - Nixon , i need you ! - Oh , what brings our esteemed xo Down to the lower decks ? Run out of people to kiss your ass up top ? - You trained as an electrician ? I need you onto repair . - You can 't just start ordering us around . We got work to do . - Wrong ! I outrank you . That 's what that means . Nixon , let 's go ! - Nora ! Come with me to the beach . I need your help . - Secure the cart . I 'll catch up . You heard the orders . We have to go . - Now 's the perfect time . No one will be watching . Lorelei hid something there . - Tell the safety officers . - They don 't tell the truth , nor is the captain . Come on ! - ( male voice ) : All hands to radiation pods ! - Ok , captain , we 're here . Nixon 's checking the electrical . - The converter 's out . We 're gonna need visual confirmation . - ( denninger ) : I need an eta , gault . - ( gault ) : Anytime now . Ok , there it is ! I see it . Looks like a12 . - A12 . Got it ! - We 're wasting our time . They already searched it . - It 's here ! If they found the tape , gault wouldn 't have asked about it . - What are you doing ? - There 's one place they didn 't look , in there . - I 'm coming with you . - I 've never seen anything like it . - ( nixon ) : No time for sightseeing . - Captain , the shield doors are closed . - Good job , gault ! ( screaming , grunting ) - Nixon ? Nixon ! ( panting ) Nixon , can you breathe ? - Yeah ! - Can you hear me ? - Yeah ! I 'm good . - No tear . Pressure suit holding . ( panting , sighing ) - ( denninger ) : All right , get back to quarters . It 's about to get rocky . - They 're pumping the tanks ! Move ! ( james coughing ) ( both panting ) ( coughing ) ( laughing ) - What is it ? - It 's the missing video card that lorelei took . Come on ! - Wait ! There 's something you need to know . The night lorelei died , I saw stokes give her something . - What ? - A gun . ( crying ) - There is nothing to be afraid of . - I won 't be able to breathe . - Yes , you will . It 's a mild sedative . It 's gonna put you right to sleep . Come on ! Hop on in ! The seahorse will guard you . - Where 's nora ? - I thought she was with you . Robert , they 've sealed the decks ! - Nora 's a smart girl , all right ? There are radiation pods all over the ship . We should go . Come on ! ( door keypad beeping ) - And when you wake , it 'll seem like a dream . - ( male voice ) : Radiation protocol ! - Where are you going ? - Follow me ! - All hands to radiation pods . - Hurry ! - Radiation protocol ! - What the hell is that ? - Get in ! It 's shielded . ( panting ) ( rumbling ) - My grandfather told me once that back on earth You couldn 't stare at the sun without hurting your eyes . - We 'll have a sun , someday , three of them . - ( panting ) : If we can get through this , maybe . ( pa system beeping ) - This is captain denninger . We are entering the ion cloud . Make sure your mask is secure . There 's nothing to worry about . It 's just a little stormy weather . ( ♪ stormy weather by lena horne on pa ♪ ) ♪ ♪ don 't know why ♪ ♪ there 's no sun up in the sky ♪ ♪ stormy weather ♪ ♪ since my man and i ain 't together ♪ ♪ keeps raining all the time ♪ ♪ life is bare ♪ ♪ gloom and misery everywhere ♪ ♪ stormy weather ♪ ♪ just can 't get my poor self together ♪ ♪ i 'm weary all the time ♪ ♪ the time ♪ ♪ yes ♪ ♪ yes , i 'm weary all the time ♪ ♪ when he went away ♪ ♪ the blues walked in and met me ♪ ♪ if he stays away ♪ ♪ old rocking chair will get me ♪ ( air hissing and sputtering ) ( gasping , panting ) ♪ ... The lord above will let me walk ... ♪ ♪ can 't go on ♪ ♪ everything i had in life is gone ♪ ♪ stormy weather ♪ ♪ since my man and i ... ♪ ♪ ( christa gasping ) ( beeping ) - All right , i want status reports from every department , Structural integrity analysis of the reactor 's shielding . - Yes , sir ! - Captain , a word ? After we fixed the shields , Nixon confessed something to me about lorelei and stokes . - All right , ladies , how are we doing , huh ? Yeah ? Good ? ( pigs grunting ) ( sheep bleating ) Huh ! Nixon ! - Where is it ? - Where 's what ? - We know you gave lorelei the gun . - Screw you ! Ah , shit ! ( stokes screaming ) - ( man 1 ) : Clear ? - ( man 2 ) : Nothing up here ! - ( man 1 ) : Now look under there ! - Sir ? I found something . - You son of a bitch . You set me up ! - Where have you been ? Your father and i were worried sick . - I waited out the storm in the terraforming lab . - Alone ? - With james toback . - How do you think lorelei would feel about that ? ( sighing ) - Is nora all right ? - Yeah , honey , she 's fine ! Christa , have you seen my necklace ? I 'm sure that i left it on the dresser . - You did . He took it while we were sleeping . - Christa , no one was in here . Everyone was asleep . - The globus never sleeps . - Why would i give lorelei the gun , then kill her ? This is a setup ! - Why would anyone frame a man who shovels pig shit ? You 're not that important . - You chose me ' cause you need a scapegoat ! - What about after you 're gone ? - W-w-what do you mean " after i 'm gone " ? - Come on , stokes , you know we can 't even add a baby Without someone dying . It 'd be a luxury beyond our means . - Nobody 's gonna spend precious resources On the killer of a young woman . Now , we 'd have to do what every small , isolated society does . - Exile you . - To where ? You 're talking about spacing me . Look , i don 't know who killed her . I just- - She asked for the gun . I gave it to her . That 's all ! - Who was she afraid of ? - Man , you really didn 't know her , did you ? The question isn 't who was she afraid of ... ( scoffing ) ... It 's who was afraid of her ? - So , the bad man has been caught , And now the poor girl can finally be put to rest . I think a funeral is just the thing To bring this ship together . - Is there something you 're trying to tell me ? - Do you remember when we were paired ? That romantic day when they told us We were number one on each other 's genetic hit parade ? My mother was disappointed . You didn 't seem destined for great things . - Yeah , she made that quite clear at the wedding . - I 'm glad you remember it . I think of it often , And how i told you that night that i loved you . I scared the hell out of you , didn 't i ? Poor man , You were perfectly ready for a business-like arrangement , And i went and spoiled it . I haven 't found rose 's informant . It will require further digging . - We are talking about your girls , aren 't we ? - Do you really wanna know , william ? ( sighing ) - Mr. Gault ? - Christa , yes ? - I found this in my cabin , and i thought you might want it . It was lorelei 's , And she told me her boyfriend gave it to her . - Thank you , christa . ( door buzzing ) - Lorelei wright 's passing reminds us of our place , Our limitations . - Individually , We are but a small part of something far greater , Greater , yet essential to the survival of the whole , Essential to this mission ... Essential to humanity . - We take great strength in this ... As we consign her body to the infinite . ( door buzzing ) - Director warren . - Harris , you think i wasn 't supposed to hear That someone brought a gun on board Because the ship is 50 years out ? Come on ! Did one of our space heroes Actually commit a murder ? - It would appear so . - Harris ... Take care . Your fiefdom is built On your being able to convince me and everyone That you have complete control . Once that erodes , let me put it this way , Your life and the life of this project Have the same expectancy . - Director warren . What a surprise . Excuse me ! Harris , a word ? We 've got a problem . ( gun cocking ) ( gasping , whimpering ) - I 've got something of yours . It probably should be in your collection , shouldn 't it ? ( chuckling ) - You know , this belonged to the first captain . You know , people had no idea How incredibly difficult a journey like columbus ' was . Astrolabes told latitude but not longitude . Reaching a new world Was like finding a needle in a haystack : Pure , blind luck . - Is that why you had me investigate lorelei 's murder ? 'cause you knew i 'd never suspect you ? - I set you down this course , And now you 're ready to distrust anyone . - You should 've told me . - I couldn 't help myself , gault . Lorelei was playing me for a fool , But i didn 't kill her . ( door opening ) - You have to believe me . ( nora panting ) - Oh , it looks like i 'm a little late for the funeral . - Just let the girl go , stokes . - No , i don 't think so . I 'm gonna go before the council . - Listen , you 're only making matters worse for yourself . - You think my cell door just opened itself ? It 's a lot easier to kill someone in a manhunt . - I will get to the bottom of it , i promise , But for right now , just let her go . - Someone came in the stockyards during the radiation storm , All right , planted this gun and--and set me up ! - No--no one was there ! Nobody could survive the radiation . Now listen to me . Please , let her go ! - All i know is i saw a boot print After the storm where there wasn 't one before ! ( alarm sounding , all grunting ) ( air hissing ) - Stay here ! ( nora whimpering ) ( both grunting ) ( keypad beeping , buzzing ) The control panel 's locked ! ( both grunting ) ( gun clicking ) ( both grunting ) ( alarm sounding ) ( screaming ) ( screaming ) ( panting ) ( grunting ) ( screaming , panting ) ( grunting ) ( groaning , panting ) - You think i don 't have total control ? Every detail From the movement of the stars to the flushing of the toilets Is exactly as it would be on the real journey . The minute they doubt the validity of their environment Is the minute the experiment fails . - It is magnificent . - It 's more than that . Ascension is a lifeboat for humanity .
