 ESTRIN : Can someone tell me what those things are ? MACER : I don 't know , but that 's swarm intelligence they 're displaying . Form assumption ... They 're Hunter Worms . Something like them anyhow . But how they can sense where we are , though , that 's not usually in their repertoire . Their organs . They can detect the very changes in the air . Magnetic disturbances , radio waves , EMPs . Everything that you carry . You call them Hunter Worms , we call them Lekgolo . We 've learned not to bring technology to this place . They don 't respond to it well . The-these people don 't know how to react , brother . So reliant on their technology , they wouldn 't even know what to do without it , would they ? Maybe that 'll be the thing that kills you . My ankle is broken . We got a problem . None of these units have an ex-orbital comm . And with that Condor down at the bottom of the canyon we 've got no way of calling for an extraction . As of this moment , none of us are getting off this stone . And in five hours and change that sun is coming up . We 're all gonna be dust . That 's not true . There 's still the tug . It 's a two-seater . And there are nine of us . You sure there 's no way to get comm out ? Only ex-orbital would be on that Condor . And even if we were able to get a signal out , three hours would be nowhere near enough to get a rescue ship here . This is it then . This rock . Us . And what we can do about it . Some of us aren 't going to survive the night . That 's a given . Doesn 't mean we can 't get the mission done beforehand , though . That Havok survived the fall . They 're built to withstand far worse . We got them . Now we go down to the Condor , get that nuke , and we destroy the deposits . Make sure what happened back there on Sedra never happens again . Two hours down , two hours to the tug . And when we get to the tug ... How do we decide who takes it ? Lifeboat rules . I remember my childhood on the north coast of England . People used to tell stories of the Royal Navy . Second millennium . Shipwrecked sailors stuck out in sea in lifeboats . The rule was you stick together . No fighting over food , water . It was only at the end , when there 's no other choice , they had to make the hard decisions of who 'd live and who 'd die . Doing so beforehand would undermine the very collaboration that was required to keep them alive long enough to be rescued in the first place . How 'd they make the hard decisions ? They drew straws . I hope to hell it didn 't fall the whole way down . LOCKE : Only one way to find out . Suggest your men dump the armor . Without the hydraulics of the air-con , it 's just dead weight . Slow you down . Cook you in the process . LOCKE : Agreed , we 'll just keep the oxygen . We can go without it for a while , but we 'll deficit pretty quickly in this atmosphere . Sooner or later all of us are gonna have to power up the last three air units . [ Air units powering up ] As of this moment , we 're 100 % analog . Show our friend here there 's more to a soldier than just his armor . RAMOS : Are we really doing this ? Going down when our only way out is up ? If anyone can pull a rabbit out of his hat , it 's Locke . HORRIGAN : Guy 's out of his mind . We 're not drawing straws . LOCKE : You got a better way ? Probably , put the screws on these guys . Get the intel we need , then dump ' em . 'Cause we 're going nowhere with that one . We cut ' em lose , they know this land . They 'll be to the tug before we know it . Then maybe that only leaves putting ' em down . I 'll remind you , Lieutenant , I 'm the one making the decisions around here . We 're not making any decisions like that . Well , I got news for you . All due respect to Wisner and the glorified bus driver there , but your team is dead and you got no ship . You 're just one of the rest of us now . Horrigan . Yes , sir . Spoke out of turn . No , Lieutenant . Seems to me like you 've still got something to say . Say it . Enlighten us . You said it before . We 're all just a bunch of soldiers . And as soldiers we realize that soldiering ain 't pretty . Now , if it 's really all about the mission , like you say it is , then we need to think about the mission , and we can 't get it done lugging them around . You could put us both down . But I 'm curious to see who you think will fly the ship . Nobody 's putting anybody down . We don 't panic like that . It 's not an option . AIKEN : Silence . They say it 's a soldier 's greatest ally . Grants him the element of surprise . Lays bare all of his enemy 's movement . But I learned long ago that was a lie . Because silence allows a soldier to think . Gives him time to be scared . And a scared soldier starts making choices . Choices to make the fear go away . Choices that ruin everything . How much deeper ? Why should I help you ? Because we 're the ones with the guns . You 've never heard of my planet , have you ? Aleria . A 100-year drought has killed half the population . Made us desperate for food . So desperate they 'd send their sons and fathers to a hell-world like this to make money . You destroy those deposits , you destroy one of the only sources of income my people have . You got no problem trafficking in the blood of others , I take it . Funny coming from ONI . I 'll tell you what . No politics . Not tonight . Just a bunch of people with a common goal of surviving . We are gonna find that craft . We are gonna detonate that nuke if it 's still viable , and we are gonna destroy those deposits . You are powerless to stop that . But you can facilitate getting it done faster . Giving at least some of us a chance of getting out of here alive . Maybe even you . I 'll not make it out of here tonight . Your friend there will see to that . I give you my word . You help us find that craft , You get a fair draw at those straws . Don 't act like you 're not a gambler . The fact that you come to this place , under these circumstances , tells me you 're exactly that . There are the switchbacks . Down there to the left . That 's a dangerous game you 're playing . Impossible . Plants , water . What the hell is this ? Must not be carbon-based life . RAMOS : Could be a million things . Halo ring ? I don 't put anything past it . We 're losing momentum . We need to oxygenate or people start dropping . We don 't need your air . We wouldn 't come to a place whose very atmosphere tells us we 're unwelcome . ARRIS : Haisal , enough . Alright , gonna fire up all three air systems simultaneously . Everyone saturates , we shut ' em down as quickly as possible . You 're telling the worms where you are . Thirty seconds . We move as soon as we 're done . [ Air rushing ] [ Breathing deeply ] [ Hunter worms snarling ] Power down . Let 's go . Let 's move . [ Hunter worms snarling ] [ Haisal grunts ] Shit ! The oxygen pack . Got it ? I got it . LOCKE : We 're down two . Wisner ? [ Screaming ] Ramos , Ramos ! Go , go ! [ Hunter worms snarling ] Find cover ! [ Grunts ] Someone 's gotta help him ! Stay on mission , Macer ! Macer ! [ Hunter worms snarling ] [ Whispering ] Go , go ! [ Beeps ] [ Hunter worms screeching ] LOCKE : Go , go , go ! Oh my God , I 'm gonna kill them . I 'm gonna kill them with the Halo ring .
