 Hurry up ! Come on Don 't trip watch where you 're going ! do you have a moment ? You came to this map yesterday as well right ? Your " Personality " looks plain but have great information density You 've got quite a bit of memory Do I look like that ? Don 't tell me you 're a " Upper Class Citizen You can still rent a private location I 've combined my memory with my friend and are sharing a private map It 's quieter and has a higher resolution but I want to enjoy my vacation by myself huh ? You created such a fancy " Personality just to show off to other people ? Only to enjoy content this cheap It 's like wasting a treasure It has something to do with my job Job ? What ? What 's happening ? Huh ? Please listen quietly for a moment I am Frontier Setter I 've entered this virtual reality again ? Rumors say that this is coming from Earth I have prepared for many years for exploring the galactic system going to an unknown world What ? That 's scary What is the security doing ? that 's why open map ... . Agent code ZQ875456 Angela Balzac Requesting interference with current system Authorized Transferring system administration to Angela Balzac Command standby You ... Next is giving up your current environment 705 ) } Using computer space － Deva for a new living environment List all the current connected users Compare them with Deva IDs There are 7 users with repeated IDs Issuing warning let them go for now Reorganize with connection speed this is the product of lost technology Genesis Ark This new world exploration ship ... had about 100 scientists developing it It 's this guy Using the emergency line in the open You think I wouldn 't notice ? Trace access route safer and more suitable application became a possibility 35 ) } Citizens of Deva who gave up their bodies are best suited to challenge the new world I am looking forward to the data the journey will bring The journey will begin soon I would like to find more people who are willing To journey the galaxy with me and I will wait for everyone 's reply ! It 's no use using dummies now ! It 's this one ! The same trick ! Gotcha ! Here I go Hey watch it Damn it ! Central Security is calling 3rd class agent Angela Balzac Please go immediately Central Security is calling 3rd class agent Angela Balzac Please go immediately as you see I am one of Deva 's security personnel Why don 't you ask ? No umm ... Maybe next time ... Excellent performance earlier I apologize for letting him get away That hacker called Frontier Setter hacked in this is already the 184th time They 're all connected to Deva 's data line from ground facility We 've concluded that the culprits are Earthlings who refuse to enter Deva . His potential is beyond our defense system Is there even anything outside of Deva ? We have to admit this is beyond our expectations It is unlikely that the situation will be resolved even if we strengthen our securities the mission of tracking Frontier Setter must be transferred to the real world Real world ... 3rd class agent Angela Balzac I want you to participate in this mission It is my honor 3rd class agent Angela Balzac The most suitable material body will form from your DNA 35 hours until the completion of the body Too slow Warning ! Material body will be the Earth equivalent of a 16 year old It is not fully grown That 's fine Affirmative virtual one is more than enough It 's a bit stiff what 's the equipment this time ? One fully equipped exo-suit Arhan And a local Agent as companion Zarik Kajiwara nickname Dingo Completed 18 missions from Central Security Overall ranking : S But has a terrible reputation Hopefully he 'll be useful What is this dusty atmosphere ? I need to breath this kind of thing ? Kind of disappointing I thought the real world would be more exciting this is Angela Balzac all green Where 's the local navigator ? I don 't see him Current location is the rendezvous point Would you like to track with Satellite ? Please do confirmed This guy ? And what 's all the stuff behind him ? and Myriapoda Danger level : B + What is he doing ? I give up Got into trouble already ？ System standby Deva tactical operate Online set up Okay let 's go ! It 's perfect for my warm up Is he stupid ? I don 't want to waste ammo on such low level creatures Wait ... What ? ... Head ? Alright adjusting trajectory Setting up ! Automatic Smart Fire Ready I 'm not gonna miss a single shot ! Not bad thanks for taking care of all of them An observer weighing me down on the first day What were you thinking ? Don 't be so harsh I still need to help you from now on Think of it as helping each other what are those ? Throw the luggage away when you 're running away Are you stupid ? I wasn 't running away I dragged those bottle cans on purpose Huh ？ Sand Worms are attracted to metallic noises They 'll get chase after you It 's easy what a load ! such load All right everyone Here 's the big sale as promised All you can take for only 300 Narokarads Carry until you can 't carry any more ! Here ! Alright ! Thank you ! This is great ! Please come again Hey Ahh Thanks a lot You helped even though I didn 't ask you I welcome generous bosses We 're gonna be great partners All the meat About the reward underground resources from satellite scan as usual Hope I can hit the Jackpot again Payment with cash would be much better but ... 705 ) } to the people of Deva cash is ... 705 ) } This is for after the mission I 'll pay you depending on your performance aren 't you suppose to give an initial payment to gain my trust ? How can I trust you when you sabotaged me like that ? I had a feeling you would take care of all the Sand Worms You .. ! You 've already wasted 7 minutes and 20 seconds of my precious time ! Time is precious This is plain sabotage ! Why are you in such a hurry ? The mission starts tomorrow right ? The other agents are still not down here That 's right ! That 's why this is the perfect time to get ahead of everyone else ! This is why I stopped the growing of the body early So that 's why you look like a loli 19.285 ) } TL Note : This is actually what he says . I thought you have some kind of fetish ... Listen up Then you will NOT be paid then work harder Still want to fight for rewards at this kind of moment ? Did you even read the mission debrief ? Deva has been hacked constantly these days And the culprit is somewhere on Earth right ? This is strange As you see People who stayed on Earth Have to kill creatures and eat their flesh to survive But instead we have to find the person who won a cyber battle against you ? You sure it 's not some kind of Alien or something ? Whatever it is There 's no doubt it 's connecting from Earth My mission is to find the source of the hack Your mission is to assist me Understood ? I know I will that is really impressive What is the concept of that rapid fire ? The main server from Central Security is backing me up via a satellite connection Calculating trajectories is its specialty It can even hit moving targets Traveling at the speed of light That 's impressive it is always connected to it That 's really reliable . Even 100 enemies won 't be a problem you understood quickly despite living in the Stone Ages You said satellite connection right ? Where 's the antenna ? The center of the rear Don 't touch it Wait ! What are you doing ! What are you doing you dumb ass ! you 're the dumb ass The enemy is a hacker even Deva can 't defeat right ? So why are you bringing a connected terminal that the hacker can access ? What are you thinking ? Are you trying to constantly give your location away to the hacker ? you didn 't need to destroy it ! You can 't access Deva . No matter what . then you 're exposing your position to your enemy How are we suppose to complete the mission ? If the rest of the agents are like you They won 't care and will connect to Deva anyway and the enemy will know everything the other agents will be bait So you and I will have to hide ourselves Sneak behind the enemy ears and feet Maybe then can we be ahead of Frontier Setter Are you confident ? Maybe and stamina are my strong points Only God knows how it 'll end now This thing Does it still work when it 's offline ? it 's a piece of junk now ! Oh a piece of junk Even junk have their use high class parts as always ! Please come again ! my Arhan ... My A + support ... What 's gonna happen next Don 't look so depressed I promise That 's not the problem ! where are you driving to ? Map ? We 'll find our first clue at the Town of Jedoes It 's about 1000 km south of here Huh ? Why a place that far ? This isn 't an easy opponent to find right ? we need to go into a town And why do we need to go to a town that far away There are lots of places where people gather right ? Like I said The other agents are gonna be the bait You know their search area and landing area right ? Yea Then Mr. Frontier Setter will see it as well right ? Then he 'll be careful not to leave any clues in that area Because it is a high risk area So we 'll work around those areas First search through towns that Central Security hasn 't reached yet just wait and see The first one to panic is the first one to lose No matter the hunter or the hunted What 's wrong ? We 'll camp here tonight Huh ? Wait Like I said We can 't waste a single second Waste ... ? How can you not sleep ? You can go to sleep I 'll drive when you 're sleeping You don 't need any sleep ? I didn 't do anything particularly exhausting This car is a manual Can you drive it ? Don 't underestimate me This ancient technology is too simple Just tell me the direction Do you want one ? It 's Sand Worm 's meat No thanks Does that taste good ? It doesn 't have any taste Huh ? You ... just got out of Deva don 't you want to enjoy life ? I 've always had plenty in cyber space That 's nothing compared to entertainment in an actual body Uhh ... I don 't mean those things ... You don 't need a satisfaction of a full stomach ? I don 't think I need it We 've already outgrown our need for satisfaction Satisfaction huh That 's what you feel when you have a full stomach right ? That 's like the limitation of a body We don 't need metabolism that kind of thing So our mind can concentrate on higher entertainment Your body is not robotic right ? this is a clone body copied from my DNA If I don 't have the nerve of this body My mind can 't get used to others So you had a body before ? Only for 1300 hours after fertilization Did you think Deva citizen are in binary when they 're born ? I 'm relief that it 's not don 't push yourself too far in a body you 're not used to I 'll change with you if you 're tired What 's wrong ? Here comes the other Agents Everyone arrived a bit early huh ? so they all came down Busy working for Deva huh 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } 涙がいくつあふれただろう 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } 痛みを何度感じただろう 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } 言葉を持たずに紡ぐ詩 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } 記憶に眠る心のレゾナンス 150 ) \ blur3 } How much tear have I shed 150 ) \ blur3 } How much pain have I felt 150 ) \ blur3 } Poem without language 150 ) \ blur3 } Resonance hidden within our soul What is this noisy music ? ALISE You don 't have any Old Rock in Deva ? Nobody listen to this Place with no sense huh Isn 't Deva archiving the history of humanity ? How come there 's no Rock ? Maybe it wasn 't worth keeping of course What 's so good about this noise ? That 's because you only listen to your ears Listen to it with your soul 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } 足跡刻んで行く理由 150 ) \ blur3 \ an7 } あれからずっと追いかけ求めてる 150 ) \ blur3 } Reason to march forward 150 ) \ blur3 } I 'm always searching from thereafter you can use the bed in the back No need You sure ? You look sleepy There 's no such thing who knows what you 'll do Okay Okay it 's Jedoes That 's ... How are we gonna get information you want some ? I 'll sell it to you with a discount I 'm finding a man who 's doing business with Frontier Setter You have a clue ? Isark is at Yorugun market ... . Hey Wait Up ( I have no idea ) ( Some Hella language ) _ ( ° ω ° ｣ ∠ ) Sorry you gonna have to ask Uribuchi Kappa Hey ! Translate it for me ! _ ( ┐ 「 ε : ) _ Wai ... What is this ... What is this ... What is this ! UGH ! What is this ... What is this ... Can 't even do translation and information gather ... Why does the world outside of Deva still exist Hey little girl Are you lost ? We can take you around But it comes with a high fee Ha ? I 'm frustrated You little ! You troublesome brat My body ... Can 't be controlled freely ... . Damn Shit I 'll remember this Don 't underestimate the real world Shut up I should have noticed Leave me be What ... Over-stressed Seems like you caught a cold when you were weak Cold ? You have a really bad fever Yet you 're still running around and the cold got worse Pushing yourself to the limit Cold got worse ? Body is really inconvenient ... You didn 't realize you have a cold ? Operator will monitor my nerves Warning will be sent if there 's something wrong But the connection is cut ... Warning ... ? You should feel painful yourself painful ... I thought that 's normal for flesh body ... I see This is your first time feeling tired and sick I looked through your survival kit . I didn 't find any medicine Did you not prepare it ? The center is a medical server It 'll give me the best medicine depending on my body condition But you 'll need to connect to diagnose Maybe it 's time to connect to the network ... what are you doing ? I thought connecting is forbidden But if you can 't connect to Deva then you can 't heal right ? How are you suppose to complete the mission with this condition What do people on Earth do when you get sick ? Eat something healthy Keep yourself warm and sleep If it 's more severe it 's up to fate that if you can find a doctor and medicine Then I 'll do the same I 'm not going to need any back up for this mission Why do you have to do it to this extent That 's not the problem I 've never admit defeat or give up That 's why I got promoted to 3rd class agent in Central Security Don 't underestimate me I 'll prove it to you I can get more accomplishments All right You have guts You 're not only 3rd class level There will be more chance for promotion Of course You 're well enough to move now ? Only for a bit you said it before Listen to the music with your soul Is that such an amazing thing ? Talk about amazing Isn 't what you 've experienced in Deva greater than what I 've experienced ? Yeah ... Computerized " Personality " can extend their senses according to their memory I 've heard the sound of gamma ray explosion from 10 billion light years away before Felt fundamental particle between my fingertips listen with your soul ... It 's the first time I 've heard it You weren 't afraid of me . I was surprised Why should I fear you ? Central Security is my old customer I 've completed multiple missions I know you guys are not ghosts or monsters Then you should understand then Computerized human is the next stage of evolution People on the Earth are bound to be extinct Sickness restricts body movement when you 're the minority Where did you get this confidence Is it the value you 've found in your flesh body ? Or is it because you can listen with your soul ? The night wind is bad for your body Go back to sleep The goal of Frontier Setter ? if we get this goal wrong the purpose of the search will drift away I said he 's trying to cause chaos in Deva Induce panic in the citizen of cyber space And after that ? One day he 'll commence a full destruction panic is needed but that may not be his true goal The one who 's panicking is the officials of Central Security The unreachable security got breached They panicked from breach and was unable to see his true purpose Why he did it is more important then I wouldn 't be working so hard That guy already talked to a lot of people right ? Finding members for galaxy exploration You must be mad to believe such thing And your evidence is ? there 's no point Problem with population overgrowth and resources have been solved What 's the use of galaxy exploration now ? Risk and reward is not balanced That only applies to people in Deva right ? People living outside think more You saw it too Should I believe in what Frontier Setter said ? He said the exploration ship is prepared Don 't be stupid How is such big project undetected by Deva All the galaxy exploration plan have been terminated before nano hazard This is solid history Diva 's records are not reliable They 'll delete any deemed useless content Right ? Someone who can access the space ship from ground Must also need a method to get out of the atmosphere That means rockets sorry for the wait You 're the one that Isark told me ? You 're Lazlore ? Yeah I think it 's some ancient fertilizer I don 't know what he 's collecting these for But this is a good trade Oh ~ It 's ammonium nitrate It 'll decompose into nitrous oxide It 's more stable than liquidized oxygen It 's the perfect material for rocket fuel 's oxidant How do yo trade ? Barter economy Once I collected a certain amount I 'll take it to the old ruins in the North Then I 'll get some good circuits or some machine parts Sometimes there will be something better mixed in there How long have you been trading like this Is it quite a while ? It 's not only quite a while My grandfather started collecting these This is a family business From a long time ago why do you have knowledge to rocket I did research . There 's still books on Earth If you want to use hybrid rocket Fuel is easy to get acrylic-based resin and synthetic rubber You should able to find lots of them in the ruins But then oxidant is a different thing . You can only buy the ingredients on the market Speaking of this strange chemical There hasn 't been anyone who 's selling it on the market you really believed that stuff It 's only a possibility But it still worth searching It 's not like we have other clues yeah .. For 3 generations they have been collecting ammonium nitrate That 's extremely strange If they 're a ammunition factory then that 's fine how come ammunition is not a common item on the market ? That means he 's storing the chemicals You think it 's Frontier Setter ? there 's someone who wants to use hybrid rocket to go into space Maybe they 're no alone Maybe they 're an organization They 've collected large amounts of resources according to their plan which means The plan was from a long time ago Even before Deva was formed Maybe even from before the Nano Hazard If they intent was to execute their plan secretly It is not surprising that Deva didn 't even detect them Wasting that much time and resources It 's weird no matter how you think about it That 's not normal Don 't you know that tale of a man who built a castle from stones on the road ? I want to ask my trusty Field Observer something Is it just me or is our task reversed ? You were the one who said to scout from a vantage point That 's the most efficient way I have acrophobia Acrophobia : Fear of heights Don 't blame me You useless thing Is this okay I can see very well are you looking at your 8'o clock ? that 's a sentry robot from before Nano Hazard There 's still a functional unit ? Automatic ? it 's remote controlled Somebody is controlling it And that 's Frontier Setter Maybe Mr.Lazlore is here too Let 's wait and see There 's still other robots ? that 's impressive new robots are made from separate parts He really preserved the old technology You have any clue who can do this ? Nope you can be crowned King But he hid his identity and is planning something in the dark This is very suspicious Like Lazlore said Nobody came out Only robots are doing the trade Why maybe he 's shy What 's that I think it 's the entrance a subway system All the subway tunnels from before are still here He 's using that to move ? now we 're getting lucky All right Yes Hopefully this old trick works signal is dropping I can 't I don 't think he noticed yet This means that no human being are checking the case I think is all robotic transportation he wasn 't careful enough Only using remote controlled robots This eliminates Human participation in transport It 's like a miracle by the looks of the technology now If he can do this Maybe he can do something crazier How about Hacking into Deva with no trace left behind Then how did this ancient trade method work ? I think they only cared about satellite connection What do you think about that That 's not just a plain robot Time for some brainstorming The transmitter 's signal cut off from there I don 't think you can continue the story without going pass it Is it gonna attack ? Then it should have other methods such as ambush That 's not threatening at all Even if it 's a guard It doesn 't make sense for it to stand there There 's something wrong What do you mean Maybe it 's to greet people the fastest way is to check it out Welcome ! I have no means of attacking Please disarm Well ... Should we trust it ? Who knows We 'll decide after some talk is he here ? I 'll communicate on his behalf but he himself How 's that I do no have a body You can only identify me via this sound interface Are you a computerized " Personality " ? I can only be defined as " I Tell me more Like your name or where you 're born ? What I was previously their optimizer program 16278 days after operation From the 2259341st self update diagnosis The concept of 「 Ego 」 appeared That 's from 42659 days and 11 hours ago AI developed an ego ? I am in command of Operation : Genesis Ark at the moment The only main body is me I wish to have a mutual understanding with you Uh Um ... nice to meet you Greetings Dingo I am Frontier Setter Nice to meet you I can 't see anything It is hidden with optical camouflage at the moment Switching to infrared That 's huge ! Genesis Ark around 1200m in length Using automatic clusters in Lagrange III It is constructed automatically So that 's why Deva 's position in on the other side of Lagrange I Lagrange III is on the other side of the Sun and Lagrange I is between the Sun and Earth No wonder you can 't see it When did you build that Operation : Frontier Setter was prepared for change on Earth To find living environment in the galaxy to ensure the survivability of humanity Multiple countries commenced the operation separately Because of the rivalry Current operation is under cover Deva doesn 't know everything why did you hack into Deva Because the ship was built in a hurry I 've removed life support from the ship storage on the server for computerized " Personalities " is available Genesis Ark 's original goal is to send Human to explore outer galaxy I can 't launch the ship And I can 't fulfill my significance Then why didn 't you negotiate with Deva in the first place From Deva 's political concept I 've concluded that they believe outer space exploration has little value I speak to the citizens directly That 's why I dived into VR Deva thought what you did was an attack I understand Unfortunately I do not have other methods to approach citizens of Deva My purpose is to send a message I have no intend of breaking the law and order This facility was built to launch IBM 671.096 ) } It was discarded as civilization collapsed I took over What did you launch to the ship ? Construction on the satellite orbit does not contain power system Reactor and main frame 's primary power unit Are completed here and launched into space In order to complete Genesis Ark Why do you make it so complicated It is impossible to provide protection to Lagrange III At the worst case scenario When the ship is under enemy fire We 've made plans of reactors that Can be used as an weapon due to security concerns After the threat has disappeared which is out of the supply line We can only use limited resources to complete the ship The reactor have to be made on Earth So you did this thing for 40000 days ... . That means you 've been doing this for 100 years This is my proof of existence What are you gonna do after you launch the ship ? I 'll put my mainframe among the reactor on the HLV After docking to Genesis Ark I 'll be the background control program That means you 're leaving Earth What do you think Central Security is going to think ? I 'll just report what I saw Then it 's all up to them So our mission in done for now ? But then the problem is the way to get back it 's no longer usable Why don 't you send a distress signal then What are you thinking Who 's fault was it for me to embarrass myself ... I 'll prepare the connection I believe it 's fine with Deva Citizen with official access code That 's right .. But the equipment is not compatible with Deva 's terminal right ? I will have to reroute it I will help with modification This song is EONIAN from ALISE right ? I haven 't heard a Human sing for 150 years You know music ? This was their favorite song from my previous users The hummed this song while designing Genesis Ark I like this song too It 's not common to talk about old songs what does " love " feels like to you ? at the same time increasing processing power 」 I defined it like that I thought for a long time this is one of the clue to my 「 ego 」 Interesting I don 't feel like I 'm talking to a robot You 're the first human to talk to after I 've obtained my 「 ego 」 The over-processing power right now Could be defined as " Interesting This is ... I want to make what the song was missing previously Although I didn 't make this on purpose You 're so good I brought my guitar ensemble Man you 're good not really Very good music Hey Dingo Come here What do you think about that AI What do you mean Is that just copying Human or ... either way is fine If you doubt that Then I can 't distinguish whether you 're human or not Right .. How are you going to report to your boss AI that can make Deva 's communication barrier useless is still operational Although this is dangerous The AI wants to leave this planet Yeah If he can limit the illegal connection to Deva ... it 's not like Deva 's rules applies to an AI that evolved itself He doesn 't seem like a bad guy he 'll stop That 's right our mission is a success Isn 't it 「 My Mission 」 ? it is our contribution you have contributed much you can even get Deva citizenship Deva must have sent you many invitations I 'm not trying to convince you You 're brilliant and stupid at the same time You didn 't understand that you could have a better life You 're right I 'm confused and interested as well Why didn 't you go to Deva Why do you want to live in a flesh body You can still act normally with an AI that developed an ego You don 't actually care whether you have a body or not right ? my mind can have unlimited potential And can evolve freely That 's what they say all the time Yes That 's a lie Everyone 's memory is limited and only the officials can change the limit the actual processing power is not That 's ... . Normal right ? Because processing resources are limited Depending on accomplishments and potentials 715.286 ) } Prioritizing memory to different " Personalities " ... . That 's why you 're working so hard Memory is everything when living on Deva Fighting for accomplishments became your life What about others who don 't have large memory 705 ) } Deva have hobos and lazy people too right ? 705 ) } We won 't distribute memory to those without desire to advance their archive will be frozen To give their space to more useful people What 's wrong with that ? One who improved our society and prove their usefulness can gain more happiness Isn 't this a fair policy ? Where do you think it 's wrong ? It 's not about right or wrong I just can 't stand lies 705 ) } like 「 You 'll get more freedom in Deva 」 that kind of bullshit you 'll die of hunger if you don 't make money for food That 's what people who gave up on life deserves people who haven 't gave up can still get sick and injured You might think this is unfair Life is about whether you 're lucky or not it 's different when it comes to Deva What can you do and get All depends on contribution to society Always watching other people 's mood If you 're disliked or not congratulated then you can 't live the life you want What kind of freedom is that ? You may be released form the chain of your flesh body But you just got into a more complicated chain A chain made by Human called 「 Society 」 I don 't want to be judge by others Living a life depending on others I don 't want to become a slave to live in a Paradise this should be good What will happen to your body after you returned to Deva Material body will go into deep sleep after transferring my " Personality They 'll send telomerase code to deal with the body after the mission is complete Then I 'll contact you cremation or burial It 's up to you that 's why I don 't like parting with Deva 's agents That 's the worst experience If there 's additional missions Maybe I 'll return to this body Don 't do anything before my signs of life has stopped Okay okay you don 't mean any harm to Deva right ? To ensure the crew and kidnap citizens or something Only volunteers can board the ship Spreading my existence and finding someone in common with me That is my goal I 'll report everything to the Central Security You can 't run or hide If you want to recruit crew members Talk to the Deva officials Angela ・ Balzac See ya you did great You 're like what they say Good skills with bad attitude You 're one of a kind You don 't want to partner with me anymore ? if there 's next time I 'll find you again This is Agent Code ZQ875456 Angela ・ Balzac Requesting access to Deva from unofficial route Agent code confirmed 3rd class Agent Angela ・ Balzac 's " Personality " authenticated Access granted The above is Frontier Setter 's true identity and reason for illegal accesses Shocking report 3rd class Agent Angela ・ Balzac Your risky and fast way of finding the truth is creditable Thank you very much But you haven 't complete the objective of the mission Explanation is needed for returning early during mission Your mission was to find out the source of the hacker and prevent it from happening again Isn 't that right ? I said before Frontier Setter has acknowledged the harm of illegal accessing And promised he 'll contact with formal procedures What are you talking about A computer program on Earth has gone rouge This could be the worst disaster yet But then you left it and came back This is a lack of responsibility This could even be called and impeachment Please wait . Although he may not be a Human He has the intelligence to communicate I 've negotiated with him and ... Whatever it is We cannot ignore a presence that can put Deva 's security system in risk He doesn 't even want to live among us He 'll be living outside of the solar system ! How can you promise he won 't come back We can say the risk has multiplied How is he going to evolve after this ? This means we 'll not be in control of him We can 't coexist ? In the current Deva citizen Our current system memory cannot satisfy most " Personalities Frontier Setter gave them a hint to a new world Don 't only consider security risks Think more about the citizens It 's too irresponsible ! 3rd class Agent Angela ・ Balzac Your mission is to return to your material body And destroy rouge AI : Frontier Setter 's main processing core Then your mission will be complete Do you accept ? No I will report this chat log to the supervising division and wait for Central Court to judge that 's very unfortunate Angela you have knowledge of top secret files We conclude that you have the possibility of leaking information your security authorization and all Deva citizenship will be taken and you 'll be compressed in an archive You 'll be sentenced to life imprisonment The sentence is now final Performing with a Human have many surprising discoveries I have never experience such passion before So you like to talk to Humans huh Hmm Maybe you should negotiate with Deva again Is that so ? It 's very lonely in the galaxy You 'll regret it if you go there by your self I haven 't thought of that Although I have not installed any life support system Dingo It is still not too late to install life support system in Genesis Ark for Humans would you like to explore the galaxy with me ? I think it 'll be fun I have acrophobia I can 't stand living above ground then there 's nothing I could do But .. What 's wrong ? please take evasive action Huh ? I have intercepted an emergency from Central Security All the agents on Earth And low Earth orbit 's assault team Have been informed the coordinates of this facility Ugh 3rd class Agent Angela ・ Balzac have been imprisoned for treason How come ? I think she tried to plead for you and pissed off her boss I thought she knows better than this There is no benefit for her to plead for me That 's uhh ... you can 't really explain it I think she likes you a lot one should to the same to return the illogical favor I want to imitate those Human property ... It 's not something that complicated it 's called Humanity Why ... I didn 't do anything wrong why do I end up like this I ... I ... I ... I ... Are you all right Angela ・ Balzac Frontier Setter ? Why are you here ? I apologize for my action of accessing Deva illegally You 're here to save me ? this action is preformed because of 「 Humanity 」 ( Σ ｡ ) I didn 't convince my boss They want to scrap you I understand Assault teams are already advancing towards the facility Battle will start in about 1 hour we are preparing emergency launch for the HLV It will take about 62 minutes to fuel and prepare There 's still a chance for me to escape Oh ... got sentenced to prison I don 't think I 'll return to Deva Then there 's only one choice for me This is what you call 「 Humanity 」 as well ? I am glad Now that 's I 've decided First let 's get out of this tiny space Can you access the platform on the low Earth orbit ? Leave it to me What is this mess ? I am controlling the transmitter in Genesis Ark to send the last recruit message to all Deva citizens to act as a deception Central Security also send out official announcements to counter our message It 'll be up to the citizens to decide If you can do something like this You could have destroyed Deva easily This decision is too hasty over 98 % of the world 's population is living in Deva I cannot attack Deva just to prove my existence You could have became friends with Humans High speed access route ? we 'll camouflage as packets to access low Earth orbit platform I can only go to that Material body after leaving Deva we are taking good care of it offline I 'll have to live on that dirty and barbaric real world ? That 's demoralizing Now I know how Adam and Eve feel when they got expelled from paradise I can provide you other options This is the hardware overview of this platform Okay found it ! This is it newest model of Arhan This should be able to fit all my " Personality " data let 's " borrow " all the support systems Ground Assault force 's platform is being hacked Impossible ! Cut the lines ! Stop the auto pilot but they 've taken all the pods Detected re-entry trajectory ETA 38 minutes to landing We can land before the launch What about Agents on Earth ? They are still advancing But you should arrive earlier than them Those people are always one step behind me ! Assault from Central Security Wha ? Not even a warning ? Damn ! They 're catching up Analyzing unknown drive and circuit Please hold for 7 seconds Analyze complete . Commencing computer support amazing reaction speed I didn 't evolve for nothing Old technology like me ... Intercepted transmission from Central Security The possibility of using a Resonance Warhead is 97 % It 's too late to go all in now ! Come on ! EMP detected Concluded Deva has lost our coordinates Little bit too big for a letter of resignation huh Entering drop point ETA 34 minute before landing OK ETA arrival 300 seconds Destroy everything in sight Fire at will Let 's relief our anger from living 2 weeks on Earth Drop team ? Arriving before us ? they 've taken one Arhan That 's the enemy What ？ what are you doing ? What a welcome back party Although I told him to run but he won 't listen Angela please try to convince him as well Well you should change from that hard body first what do you mean hard Now this is better You understand the situation right ? Central Security is about to swarm this place You 'll die if you stay here Man I 'm just here cause I heard from an old customer that there 'll be business to do she 'll find me again Are you serious ? You can 't survive on Earth if you quit your job you 're working for free Then give me the robot after everything 's done I 'll sell it at the junk yard this once in a life time fireworks I want to see it with my eyes And send those uninvited guests back ! I did some preparation as well This is a list of places you shouldn 't go near Memorize it well You ... I told you I was crazy before right ? how 's the launch preparation ? It 'll be completed after 1220 seconds then we win Work hard let 's go ! Only 1 new generation Arhan landed And 17 boxes of supplies They want to fight with just one ? Stop the chit-chat ! To all units Target is the HLV stored deep inside the silo The mainframe of the rouge AI is on there Be cautious of the enemy Arhan Speak of the devil SMA lost ! Use infrared to re-calibrate Can 't it 's unresponsive Jamming smoke ? Trace the location of the missile Movement detected at 5 O 'clock Enemy ? it 's probably construction equipment Construction equipment ? Shit .. Evasive maneuver ! Did it hit ? 5 targets down confirmed 6th one is heavily damaged Good pace Next container There are still missile remaining Agents will take care of it quickly That 's how we 're taught Understood Next point is B-2 Roger No way she 's doing this solo There must be a companion be careful Always hiding in the corners huh Still doesn 't make me feel good even if it 's just a material body ... She feels the same too ? I 'm out ? Where 's the next container ? 400m at 8 O 'clock You little ! the antenna is wide open Dingo Take care of it quickly Angela ! Where 's the rest ? Second wave from northeast 8 units approaching 5 waves in total of 40 units approaching How 's launch preparation ? ETA 5 minute This sucks don 't give up Finish what you 've started is what you call 「 Humanity 」 Damn you ! Ow ... That was harsh ... How 's the countdown Frontier Setter ? everything is according to plan What about the volunteers form Deva ? I 've received 0 replies Oh ... You still want to go now ? Even if you don 't have any companion This is my proof of existence Okay ... But I still have 1 hope of recruitment left Angela ・ Balzac and lost your home Would you like to go on a journey with me ? To the end of the galaxy Sorry ... I still don 't know this world well There 's still a lot of thing I haven 't seen Is that so ? That 's very unfortunate Although it 's shame must fulfill its promises there 's all sorts of Humans The definition of Human is very ambiguous putting your dreams among the stars You 're already a Human Is that so ? You 've remembered all the values of humanity and things we lost stand tall and go If you meet others on your journey Tell them your name with pride Say you 're the decedents of Humans Understood Thank you so much you two I 'll spread the memories of this planet to worlds far away Please Sorry for giving all the work to you We 'll cheer you on forever Forever ... I shall depart Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , ( ED ) Is he gonna be okay ? it 's gonna be difficult You should be the same Now you 'll need to get use to living here There 's gonna be surprises everywhere I 'm already really depressed and dusty atmosphere Sand everywhere you go Doesn 't this world have anything good ? Are you regretting it ? nothing to say now And I have a reliable guide Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , Such stupidity This is already Paradise But we should learn form this event they 'll still be affected by Human from last generation And fall We need to govern more things For the peace and thriving of Deva Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , It 's so far away I wanna trace it out ～ Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , 150 ) \ blur3 } 涙がいくつあふれただろう 150 ) \ blur3 } 痛みを何度感じただろう 150 ) \ blur3 } 言葉を持たずに紡ぐ詩 675 ) } うた 150 ) \ blur3 } 記憶に眠る心のレゾナンス 150 ) \ blur3 } 青空と地平線 150 ) \ blur3 } 荒野に咲いた望みの花 150 ) \ blur3 } 受け入れてく苦しみが 150 ) \ blur3 } 目覚めさせる強さ 150 ) \ blur3 } いにしえから吹く風に 150 ) \ blur3 } 背中を押されたなら 150 ) \ blur3 } 満ちてく未知へと 150 ) \ blur3 } さあ 、 旅立とう 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } 描きたいよ 150 ) \ blur3 } 終わりのない物語の続きを 150 ) \ blur3 } 暗闇を彷徨っても 150 ) \ blur3 } この願いは光を抱きしめられる 150 ) \ blur3 } 時を越えここから 150 ) \ blur3 } 愛しさ繋ぐ 150 ) \ blur3 } 永遠に ... 675 ) } と わ Comment : 0,1 : 34 : 53.20,1 : 34 : 53.20 , JP , 0,0,0 , 150 ) \ blur3 } How much tear have I shed 150 ) \ blur3 } How much pain have I felt 150 ) \ blur3 } Poem without words 150 ) \ blur3 } Resonance hidden within our soul 150 ) \ blur3 } Clear blue sky and the horizon 150 ) \ blur3 } Flowers of hope blooming in the field 150 ) \ blur3 } Feeling the pain 150 ) \ blur3 } That has woken my strength 150 ) \ blur3 } If wind from before 150 ) \ blur3 } Pushed me forward 150 ) \ blur3 } To the future full of unknown 150 ) \ blur3 } Let 's start the journey 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } I wanna trace it out 150 ) \ blur3 } The sequal of the never ending stroy 150 ) \ blur3 } Even if it 's in the dark 150 ) \ blur3 } If you can find light in this wish going through time 150 ) \ blur3 } Connected love 150 ) \ blur3 } Forever ... Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , 150 ) \ blur3 } 涙がいくつあふれただろう 150 ) \ blur3 } 痛みを何度感じただろう 150 ) \ blur3 } 言葉を持たずに紡ぐ詩 675 ) } うた 150 ) \ blur3 } 記憶に眠る心のレゾナンス 150 ) \ blur3 } 青空と地平線 150 ) \ blur3 } 荒野に咲いた望みの花 150 ) \ blur3 } 受け入れてく苦しみが 150 ) \ blur3 } 目覚めさせる強さ 150 ) \ blur3 } いにしえから吹く風に 150 ) \ blur3 } 背中を押されたなら 150 ) \ blur3 } 満ちてく未知へと 150 ) \ blur3 } さあ 、 旅立とう 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } 描きたいよ 150 ) \ blur3 } 終わりのない物語の続きを 150 ) \ blur3 } 暗闇を彷徨っても 150 ) \ blur3 } この願いは光を抱きしめられる 150 ) \ blur3 } 時を越えここから 150 ) \ blur3 } 愛しさ繋ぐ 150 ) \ blur3 } 永遠に ... 675 ) } と わ 150 ) \ blur3 } 足跡刻んで行く理由 150 ) \ blur3 } あれからずっと追いかけ求めてる 150 ) \ blur3 } 奪い合い傷つけあう 150 ) \ blur3 } 愚かなる日には還らない 150 ) \ blur3 } 胸の奥に大切な 150 ) \ blur3 } 笑顔があればいい 150 ) \ blur3 } 途切れたパルス読みとって 150 ) \ blur3 } ノイズの向こうにいる 150 ) \ blur3 } 自分と逢うまで 150 ) \ blur3 } もう 、 迷わない 150 ) \ blur3 } Starting over 150 ) \ blur3 } 伝えたいよ 150 ) \ blur3 } 立ち止まらず生まれ変わる未来へ 150 ) \ blur3 } 運命に負けたくない 150 ) \ blur3 } 追憶から聴こえる確かな鼓動 150 ) \ blur3 } 響きあう場所には 150 ) \ blur3 } 奇跡が宿る 150 ) \ blur3 } 永遠に ... 675 ) } と わ 150 ) \ blur3 } 幾千もの瞳が見上げた 150 ) \ blur3 } 月と星座が 150 ) \ blur3 } 寄り添う広い宙で 675 ) } そら 150 ) \ blur3 } ひとつひとつの希望灯せば 150 ) \ blur3 } そうまた出逢えるさ ... 150 ) \ blur3 } So Long ... 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } 描きたいよ 150 ) \ blur3 } 終わりのない物語の続きを 150 ) \ blur3 } 暗闇を彷徨っても 150 ) \ blur3 } この願いは光を抱きしめられる 150 ) \ blur3 } 目に映る全てを今 150 ) \ blur3 } 明日へ進む力にして 150 ) \ blur3 } 時を越えここから 150 ) \ blur3 } 愛しさ繋ぐ 150 ) \ blur3 } 永遠に ... 675 ) } と わ Comment : 0,1 : 37 : 19.50,1 : 37 : 19.50 , JP , 0,0,0 , 150 ) \ blur3 } How much tear have I shed 150 ) \ blur3 } How much pain have I felt 150 ) \ blur3 } Poem without words 150 ) \ blur3 } Resonance hidden within our soul 150 ) \ blur3 } Clear blue sky and the horizon 150 ) \ blur3 } Flowers of hope blooming in the field 150 ) \ blur3 } Feeling the pain 150 ) \ blur3 } That has woken my strength 150 ) \ blur3 } If wind from before 150 ) \ blur3 } pushed me forward 150 ) \ blur3 } To the future full of unknown 150 ) \ blur3 } Let 's start the journey 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } I wanna trace it out 150 ) \ blur3 } The sequal of the never ending stroy 150 ) \ blur3 } Even if it 's in the dark 150 ) \ blur3 } If you can find light in this wish going through time 150 ) \ blur3 } Connected love 150 ) \ blur3 } Forever .. 150 ) \ blur3 } Reason for leaving footsteps 150 ) \ blur3 } From then on I 've been searching 150 ) \ blur3 } Hurting eachother 150 ) \ blur3 } The good days won 't return 150 ) \ blur3 } As long as I 150 ) \ blur3 } Have smile in my hear 150 ) \ blur3 } From reading the broken singal 150 ) \ blur3 } Towrads the other side of the noise 150 ) \ blur3 } Till I find myself 150 ) \ blur3 } I won 't be lost 150 ) \ blur3 } Starting over 150 ) \ blur3 } I wanna send it out 150 ) \ blur3 } To the future can 't be changed 150 ) \ blur3 } Never bow down to fate 150 ) \ blur3 } From the beat I 've heard in my memory 150 ) \ blur3 } From the place it beats 150 ) \ blur3 } There 's always a miracle 150 ) \ blur3 } Forever ... 150 ) \ blur3 } Thousands watching the sky 150 ) \ blur3 } The moon and stars 150 ) \ blur3 } Helping eachother in the sky 150 ) \ blur3 } If they can light the light of hope 150 ) \ blur3 } Then we could still meet again ... 150 ) \ blur3 } So Long ... 150 ) \ blur3 } It 's so far away 150 ) \ blur3 } I wanna trace it out 150 ) \ blur3 } The sequal of the never ending stroy 150 ) \ blur3 } Even if it 's in the dark 150 ) \ blur3 } If you can find light in this wish 150 ) \ blur3 } Everything I see now 150 ) \ blur3 } Will be my motivation for tomorrow going through time 150 ) \ blur3 } Connected love 150 ) \ blur3 } Forever ... Comment : 0,0 : 00 : 00.00,0 : 00 : 00.00 , Default , 0,0,0 , 638 ) } Fan sub made by : 魚さま
