 A Passenger jet bound for Chicago out of Hong Kong was forced to make an emergency landing . People just started getting sick . There are no survivors . Going somewhere ? You , the goddamn DEA . - Is it true ? - Yes . I 'd like our last moments together to be more ... Memorable . If you have any hopes of surviving tonight , you will tell me everything I want to know . There . Done . I know what you 're thinking , Mr. Galan , but you just ... Roll him up . - Sir , this is ridiculous . - Now . You gotta believe me . I 'm not some government agent . I 'm just a guy who tried ... don 't lie to me , don 't insult me , and don 't tell me what to believe . How long have I been targeted ? How much do you know ? Oh , you think now is an honorable time for you to keep your silence ? But , Tony , there 's something you have to remember . Maritza . Javier . Ricardo . Cristina . You introduced me to your whole family . You brought me into your home . I hope you never have to regret that decision . None of this was my idea . They approached me . Actually , it was more like they kidnapped me . You know , you should really think about washing that thing . Smells like somebody died in it . Please tell me no one died in that hood . Who are they ? A division of the CIA that wouldn 't take no for an answer . And what did they want from you ? They wanted me to play soccer . The L.A. Riot are having open tryouts . There are two rounds of evaluations . We need you to make it past the first . Try out for a professional soccer team ? I thought it was a joke at first till I realized it wasn 't . They wanted access to you . Why ? They said you were involved with some network that was creating debt crises , civil wars . They wanted me to get inside . And you were only too happy to oblige . No . At first I turned them down . But they had leverage . Brother 's coming up for parole . On the off chance you weren 't compelled by competitive spirit , we thought that we should have a plan B. And what is that , exactly ? You complete the mission , we 'll make sure Ricky comes home . If I didn 't do the job , Ricky was gonna suffer . Didn 't have a choice . We all have a choice . You made the wrong one . Pick him up . You know , if you 're so convinced that I 'm your enemy , then you killed the wrong guy . I have many enemies , and the night is young . We 've got 375 dead aboard flight 409 , passengers and crew . We believe they died from the same plague that wiped out the Ze 'Otec tribe . And the virus was delivered by way of an oxygen tank ? By a 112-year-old man . Presumably an agent of the network . Yeah , one willing to carry out a suicide mission . Is there evidence this courier worked for Galan 's organization ? Agent Peacott ? Agent Peacott ? I 'm sorry , what ? I asked if you found a direct link between Galan 's network and this courier . Uh , yeah , we 're piecing it together right now . I 've just been going through the footage to make sure there 's nothing we missed . Well , keep me posted . You sure he 's okay ? I can only go on what the doctors tell me , and they said he 's fine . All right , well , I want him on desk duty until I say otherwise . Where 's Bravo ? Uh , he should be on his way . He must have got delayed . So what 's the plan here , Mr. Galan ? Covering up a murder is not as easy as it sounds . People make mistakes . I learned a few things in the DEA , things that might help you come out of this clean . Letting you help me was my first mistake . Or don 't you remember ? You came to me with an offer of loyalty , one I should have refused . You really gotta know , my priorities are entirely with this team . My loyalty is to you . And this just a day after your date at the auction made away with an artifact that was rightfully mine . The two of you were a team . - That 's not how it was . - Of course . It was just a coincidence that you were then in a position to offer your help in getting back and she just guessed that it would be a good idea to swap it out . It 's a fake ! Who was she ? I don 't know . I swear . She fooled me too . Tony , for a man whose job is lying , you 're doing a piss-poor job . That was your pattern ... to get close to me , to buy my trust . You were never going to see the big picture . You get that ? I gave you only trifling jobs , no more . You were never going to get any deeper . So don 't imagine you 've accomplished anything here more than you have . I haven 't accomplished anything . I got a plane full of dead people , and I 'm guessing there 's more where that came from . You could help me stop it . I wish that were true . Where 's the Camaro I bought you ? I lent it to my brother Ricky . He wanted it for a date . Open the trunk . Put him in there . He won 't fit . Try harder . You drive . The CDC 's latest statement urges the public to remain calm , but that 's done little to stem the tide of speculation about the threat of future outbreaks . It 's not just speculation , is it ? You know there 's gonna be more attacks . I told you , I know nothing of the sort . He can shuffle the lineup all he wants ... is that why you sent Senna out of the city ? To the house in Palm Springs ? No argument there , but , come on , you must know something . Shut up . We 've got another Riot fan on the line . Rick from Boyle heights , you 're on the air . Talk to me . Hey , Jay , first-time listener , longtime caller . Just wanted to get your opinion on last week 's amazing performance by Tony Bravo , rising star of the L.A. Riot . Whoa , whoa , hold up . Tony Bravo ? The Matador , yo . What ? That 's still a thing ? He hasn 't even scored a goal yet . Is that your fucking brother ? It 's not the goals . It 's the performance . I think so . And that would be a no . Not one goal . It 's been nice talking to you , Rick from Boyle heights . For all the latest Tony Bravo news and merchandise , that 's about all I can take of that guy . We need to pay some bills , more ... Just think how foolish your brother 's going to feel when he finds out this is all a lie . But it 's not , though . When it came to the soccer , it was all real . Ever since I was a kid , I wanted to play on a real club . Oh , stop . This is so pathetic . Answer it . On speaker . Anne , what 's up ? Tony , where are you ? I 've been trying to reach you . I was at the party kind of late , sorry . Uh , well , we had a meeting tonight , remember ? With the Red Bull Execs , we were supposed to meet them at 10 : 30 . Yeah , I must have lost track of time . Where are you now ? I 'm heading home . Uh , well , do you think you could drop by the W ? You know , I could try and keep them here a little longer . No , I 'm beat . I think I 'm just gonna call it a night . Maybe we should reschedule . So tell them I 'm sorry . Okay . Try and get some sleep . Bravo 's phone . GPS has him heading north , about 40 miles outside of Glendale . Wherever he 's going , it 's not home . Your agent is diligent . Yeah , she 's a real pit bull . When I cut you from the team , she stormed into my office as if she was on a mission . What 's this bullshit about you rescinding his contract offer ? Well , maybe she was . I don 't think I 've ever known anyone represent a virtually unknown client with such vigor . She 's in on it too , isn 't she ? No . Isn 't she ? Bravo 's in trouble . We think he 's been taken captive . What do we know ? He 's in a moving car with someone . We assume it 's Samuel . Okay . Assemble an intercept team . - On it . - Not you . I don 't care what the doctors say . You 're not ready to go back in the field . For all we know , there 's another infected plane in the air already . I need you here , working leads . Looks like we got a flat . Oh , really ? I didn 't know that . Thank you . I 'm just saying . I 'm gonna go and fix it , if that 's all right . I 'll go with you . Ah , shit ! What ? My lug wrench , think I must have left it at my mom 's house . Oh , really ? I helped her patch a tire . Must have forgot to put it back in . Well , that 's an unfortunate turn of events . Looks like it 's our lucky day . Handle them . Yo . Looks like you got yourself a flat tire . Yeah . Me and my brother , we could fix it for you . For $ 100 . It 's cool , man . I 'm a mechanic . I can handle it . Yeah , well , maybe you just want to give us $ 100 anyway . Look , man , we don 't want any trouble . Trouble-free , that 's a good policy . I don 't think I have $ 100 . We 'll take what you got . Here . Gentlemen , we won 't be requiring your services this evening , but we could use your lug wrench . Well done . Now change the goddamn tire . So I missed my connecting flight , which was frustrating , but something went wrong . I 'm thankful too that whatever , you know , killed those people , you know , we don 't want that getting out . You gotta be kidding me . That was a nice clothesline back there . Lucha libre , I used to watch every match when I was a kid , unless it conflicted with futbol . That was my first love . I was four . In my village in Oaxaca , we played on a pasture ... inhaling dust and stepping in cow shit . My first ball was a stitched-up cow bladder , can you believe it ? Still , I loved it . Me too . I guess it was something I learned from my father . Javi ? No , my real father . Where is he now ? He died when I was six . We have Bravo 's phone signal from the vehicle just ahead . Two males . Closing in now . Out of the car now ! Get out of the vehicle now ! - Get on the ground . - Hands up . Turn around . Face the vehicle . Interlock your fingers behind your head . Spread ' em . - Trunk 's clear . - Car 's clear . I think I found something . A phone . Mason . It 's Bravo 's . Damn it . What is this place ? It 's the site of Unafonica 's next cellular base station . They 're pouring the second slab of foundation next Thursday . Keys . Get him out of there . You were right . I did have a choice . I took the mission , but it wasn 't just about getting Ricky out of jail , it was about me . This was my chance to live my dream . That 's very touching . Start digging . - Mr. Galan ... - Make it deep , enough for two . Just wait . Look , it doesn 't have to go down like this . If you knew some of the things I 've done , Tony , you would know it has to go down exactly like this . Dig ! Over there . You don 't even know it , but I 'm on your side . Gone out of my way to protect you . I 'm serious . In Nicaragua , during that futsal game , there was gonna be a DEA raid that day . Everyone there would 've been taken . But you never even knew about it ' cause I stopped it . This raid is going down , and if we want our OP to continue , we have to keep Galan clear of it . If I didn 't , you 'd probably still be in a DEA holding cell . Oh , Tony , please . It 's the truth . Suppose it is . All you did was save yourself and your mission . That 's not something you did for me . All right , fine . When Moktar Zola kidnapped Senna and held her captive in the stadium , I knew all about it because of the bug in your office . But what you didn 't know is , I violated orders to save her . My handlers didn 't care about Senna , as long as they got Intel on you . But that didn 't sit right with me , so I got myself red-carded and sent off so that I could find her and get her out of there , all in direct violation of my orders . Otherwise , your daughter would be dead . When I said that I was just lucky to be in the right place at the right time , that was the lie . I was there because I chose to be . There must have been another reason . Yeah , because I know what it 's like for a family to be torn apart . Your father ... what happened to him ? Car accident . He drove off the road , hit a transformer . Whole car went up . That must have been hard . I remember how he was before the crash . He was different . It was like he knew something was gonna happen . He was scared . Scared ? Of what ? A couple weeks earlier , we were at a park where we always went . We were playing soccer , like a hundred other times . And then this old woman ... suddenly she starts screaming at him . She kept screaming at him , something that sounded like a name . Camille , Camille . Where did your parents come from , Tony ? Chiapas , why ? No reason . Anyway ... After that day , my father changed . He was nervous , distant . Couple weeks later , he was dead . Both have extensive records , but the stories were consistent . Both identify photos of Tony and Galan as the men whose flat they offered to fix . And the cell was stashed in the wiper well ? Galan must have put it there to lead us astray . At least we know Tony 's alive . Or was , three hours ago . Whatever , you know , killed those people , you know , we don 't want that getting out . This ... you know , the airport officials and the police ... they 've been on top of Th ... that face look familiar to you ? Should it ? Next video , here we go . This was taken the day of Haik Katoyan 's alleged suicide . He used to a pretty sociable guy , but the last few months , something was different ... I don 't know ... it 's the same guy . This here is what they call a crisis actor , somebody whose purpose is to spread a message that supports ... I know what a crisis actor is . Nice catch . Find him . Bring him in . It wasn 't a spur-of-the-moment thing , was it ? Killing him ? You must have thought about it a lot . You couldn 't control him . You don 't know what you 're talking about . Well , I know he pulled a gun on you the day Zola kidnapped your daughter in your office . If you don 't get me the information I seek , I will kill your daughter and make you watch . Make the call . He would 've killed you for making that call . Hang up the phone ! You die if you do this . - Better me than my daughter . - Both of you ! And that 's when we realized that you weren 't the one calling the shots . Samuel answered to someone else . Drop it , Tony . Or what ? You 'll kill me ? It 's not that I couldn 't trust him . It 's because he would 've exposed me for allowing a mole , you , into this organization ! You 're afraid . It 's only gonna get worse , once the other members of your group realize that you 've exposed them . What are you talking about ? We 've got names . I 've seen the list . There is no list . No ? Then what about all those other people visiting the Adaptive Wellness clinic ? Guys at the office say it 's a real " who 's who " of the 1 % . If such a list exists , give me one name on that list besides my own . Gene Belasco . Gene 's a friend of mine . You think I wouldn 't know if he was part of this ? You don 't even know who the other people are , do you ? You really are screwed . Get in . What do you think happens when they find out that you 've killed one of your own ? You can 't stay public . What , you go off the grid ? Looking over your shoulder , you and Senna ? Or are you gonna drag her down with you ? You 're trapped . The government on one side and your own people on the other , there 's no place to hide . And I suppose you have an alternative . Turn yourself in . Tell us what you know . Help us take them down . It 's better one enemy than two , right ? And why should I trust you ? Because , believe it or not , Mr. Galan , I actually like you . You 've done right by me and my family . I just think you got into bed with the wrong people and things just got out of hand . I don 't wanna burn you . I just need whatever happened on that plane to not happen again . If you help us , I promise , I will protect you . It 's only been eight hours . We 'll find him . Yeah , but in what condition ? If Bravo is still alive , finding and interrogating this crisis actor is still the best lead to find out where he is . Or you could just ask me . Oh , yeah , I hope it 's okay . I brought a plus-one . Nicely done , Bravo . Bagged the white whale . But ? But nothing . It 's a real coup . Learn to take a compliment , jeez . Keep in mind , immunity is contingent upon your assistance having a significant and beneficial impact on the investigation . You hold back , and I pull it . Agent and player together again . You played your role well , Ms. Spencer . Or whatever your name is . Let 's just stick with that one for now . If you ever leave the CIA , let me know . Maybe I could use you . I 'll keep that in mind . What do you know about the virus ? I wish to emphasize that I had no idea that terrorism was on the agenda . So it was just a coincidence that the artifact you dug up in Nicaragua contained the virus that killed all of the passengers on flight 409 . Coincidence would be the wrong word . Then give me a better one . I would say it was a deception . Mr. Galan , you need to tell her what she wants to know . If you want immunity , if you want to be there for Senna , this is the only way . See , in order for you to understand my situation , I have to go back . I have to go back to explain to you how I arrived at this point . I was recruited in 2003 by Gideon Khan , who I met at the reception for the Natural History Museum . Khan . We 've crossed paths with him before . Yeah , Bravo 's first mission . Khan was carrying the satellite frequency codes . Gideon recognized me as what he called " a forward-thinking person . " He spoke of a global network of like-minded individuals who were looking to maximize their influence and profit potential . By what means ? Through a coordinated mobilization of resources . Who 's they ? What do you call yourselves ? The Lamarck Foundation . Membership has its privileges . " The Lamarck Foundation . Founded in 1887 by statesmen , businessmen , and scientists , dedicated to the progressive-era ideals of scientific and social progress . " Sounds like a wild bunch . But the group was dissolved in 1914 on the Eve of World War I. Or they just went underground . But for many in the network , there was a more personal reason for ... for them to be members . Let me guess ... living forever . Longevity . Radical life extension . The promise of living to see how the world will change for decades to come . Even longer . What ? Oh , it 's nothing . It 's just ... you 're a smart man , Mr. Galan . I 'm surprised you 'd be taken in by the promise of immortality . Yeah , like you , I was skeptical at first . If Lucien Sayer 's miracle drug really does what he claimed , it would be a goldmine for pharmaceutical companies . You know about Sayer ? The drug is just a primer . It has to be supplemented with the application of mitochondria , new mitochondria from young and healthy individuals . Harvest the mitochondria , multiply them , then place them into the cells of patients like myself . Has it worked for you ? It 's hard to tell . I haven 't been on it for long , but it seems to have done very well for Dr. Sayer . So you 're saying you 've met Lucien Sayer ? Yes . He 's the current head of the foundation . I met him in London in 2010 . I 'd been part of the group for a few years , I suppose Dr. Sayer decided I was ready for the next step . Exponential advances in science only occur with the right amount of brainpower and the right amount of capital . I supply the former . You provide the latter . Money , yes , you 're certainly asking for a lot of that . Hardly , given the rewards . And I can deliver . What if I 'm not around when these advances become available ? Have faith , Andres . If you make it to 80 , I can help you live to 125 . By the time you are 125 , we 'll have the means to get you to 200 . Sounds plausible when you put it like that . Look at me . How old would you say I am ? Early 50s . I 'm almost 70 . The treatment works . Mitochondrial replacement is only the beginning , a stop-gap . But believe me , there are new and amazing discoveries in the field almost every day . Sayer was talking about the Ze 'Otec civilization about a year ago . He assigned me the job of acquiring one of their relics . At the Brenton 's auction . But the acquisition didn 't quite go to plan . There was some sort of hiccup with my line of credit , which I now suspect was no mistake . Anyway , our failure to secure the artifact necessitated our trip to Nicaragua . So you secured the virus through another Ze 'Otec artifact . I was deceived . Sayer told me the Ze 'Otecs had a distinctive DNA , a survivor gene that would naturally extend the human lifespan . You facilitated the worst bioterrorism act this country has ever seen . You were crucial at every stage of the process . I would never knowingly be party to something so horrific . And why should we believe you ? Do you know what 's wrong with dead people , hmm ? They don 't buy things . You can 't sell them a smartphone with an unlimited data plan . God knows I 'm no Saint , and I 've been accused of many things in my life , but one thing I 've never been accused of is not trying to make a profit . That is a very nice speech , Mr. Galan , but right now all I care about is stopping the next attack . And if you can 't help me with that , then you 're no good to me . You need to reach out to Sayer . I can 't do that . He mistrusts me already . Well , then reach out to someone else in the network and find out what they know . The network is compartmentalized . No single member knows more than coup of others , at most . Wait . There may be a way . Tony said you have some kind of list . A list of members ' names , of people I might not know ? What about it ? Let me look at the list . Perhaps I can reach out , see what they know . We could do that ourselves . No , you don 't have my kind of access . You are not one of them . We 'll consider it . One other thing . Do you know this man ? No . - Get down ! Get down ! - Don 't do it ! Don 't do it ! Hands behind your back . Not a chance in hell . We are not turning Galan into an asset , and we are definitely not giving him that list . What are you afraid of ? I 'm not afraid . I 'm cautious . Maybe you should try it . What 's that supposed to mean ? It means you gave privileged information to a target of our investigation . You don 't know how someone like Galan could use that . Tony turned him , and that is the important thing . Really , Annie ? If you took a moment to stop defending him , you might be able to see things more clearly . I understand your reservations , but at this stage , we don 't have any options . We have the crisis actor in custody now . That is a solid lead , and we 're gonna follow it . Of course , but why not use Galan as well ? Because I don 't trust him . Doesn 't matter anyway . After we finish interrogating Galan , he 'll never see the light of day . You can 't do that . We made a deal . There is no deal , Tony . I gave him my word , Annie . This is not the DEA . When it comes to matters of national security , so-called immunity agreements are worthless . Once we 've got what we need , Andres Galan goes away for good . I think he 's on the verge , sir . I don 't think that 'll be necessary . Mr. Furman , is it ? It 's time . I know you 're gonna tell us everything eventually . Let 's not make this any more unpleasant than it has to be . So you 're the good cop , then ? Let 's save some time here . We know you work for the Lamarck Foundation , but you 're not exactly leadership , are you ? Leaders don 't stick their necks out . That 'd be too dangerous . That 's work for loyal soldiers like you . But to keep you properly motivated , they made some grand promises ... promises like wealth and immortality . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I suppose they 've downplayed the risks , told you that they had influence everywhere . Strings they could pull if you ever got caught doing their dirty laundry . But ... Do you know who I answer to , Mr. Furman ? The president ? Nobody . I have total discretion to handle you exactly as I please . In this place , there are no strings to pull . We don 't have rules , we don 't extend rights , and this goes on until I say it stops . Here 's what we wanna know . We want to know who gives you your assignments , what do you know about the attack on flight 409 , and are further attacks being planned ? So you let us know when you 're ready . Hey . Flight 409 wasn 't a terrorist attack . It was a test . A test that killed 375 people . And yielded data . Valuable data . Look , the virus killed too fast . In fact , it never made it off the plane to spread the disease . But it 's being modified . It 'll work better next time kill slower , spread wider . Who 's modifying the virus ? - Lucien Sayer ? - I don 't know who that is . And here I thought we had an understanding ! - Was it Lucien Sayer ? - Yes , Lucien Sayer . What do you know about his plan ? What I know can be summarized in just one sentence : You 're all going to die . - Noah , what 's up ? - Just talked to Billie . Her team 's been breaking down our witness 's laptop , and they found something . Data 's coming through now . Next time it won 't be just one plane . They 're hitting every city at once . We 're talking millions dead in a matter of days . Are we sure they 're capable of slowing the kill rate in order to increase the rate of infection ? Given how quickly they reanimated the virus , it 's entirely possible they could engineer it to make it more dangerous . Sir , if virus 2.0 is coming , we don 't have time to spend working another target . I agree , it 's risky to trust Galan , but it 's more risky not to trust him . We need to find that virus , and fast , before it 's disseminated . Okay . You get your wish . We flip Galan . He gets immunity . You 'll be his handler . I 'll hold you responsible for his actions . Yes , sir . I cannot do what you ask without protection . Sayer is an extremely cautious man . He subjects even his closest allies to the highest level of scrutiny . Then put on your game face . You need to get deeper inside Lamarck . If I suddenly demand a larger role in the operation , is thought to be suspicious . I need a foolproof exit plan . There 's no such thing . That 's the risk you agreed to take . Maybe we 're going about this wrong . We shouldn 't be trying to get Galan to reach out to Sayer . We should be trying to get Sayer to reach out to Galan . If you have an actual plan , I am all ears . Ears are fine . Your nose ... you might wanna plug . Oh , god . What are we supposed to do with him ? Bring him back from the dead .
