 TRAVIS : Previously on Continuum ... What the hell ? CARLOS : Tell me everything . My name is Kiera Cameron , and I came here from the year 2077 . Ripped By mstoll Who is this ? CPS Officer Cameron . How are you in my head ? How are you on my computer ? TRAVIS : The revolution is on our schedule . The war begins now . Alec . You lost a bet , right ? Right , because smart and funny is such a step down ? Emily , it 's okay . I love you , too . KELLOG : You know who else will be heartbroken ? Alec , after he learns you work for Escher . EMILY : I need you to pull me out . He loves you , and you love him . You 'll stay on the contract . THUG : Where 's Alec Sadler ? ( GRUNTS ) It 's me . I need a clean-up on location one . You call them freelancers . They have tattoos. it 's a series of dots between their fingers . KIERA : What do they want ? FREELANCER : I swore an oath to protect the world from those who would abuse technology to pervert and exploit the past the present , and the future . I have to accept the truth , that I may never get back to him . ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) KIERA : It doesn 't mean I have to stop trying . You don 't get to dictate the terms of our little arrangement . ( GRUNTS ) We came back here to change things . Not embrace them . You know , I 've had trouble with my past . It looks like some of it is catching up with me . Do you even know where you 're gonna go ? Probably Thailand ? Really ? You have to hop on a plane right now ? Now that flight has been delayed . KIERA : Travis got into the lab . You gave him access . He 's going after Escher , he needed the suit ! Please don 't hurt her ! Too late . ( YELPING ) FREELANCER : Guns down . Now ! Acquire the targets . Run ! Run ! Emily ! She 's dead , you asshole . I hold you responsible . Alec doesn 't know how dangerous Escher is . ALEC : Kiera , you were right about everything . Emily , Escher ... He told me he installed an anti-matter machine here on Piron . If you can somehow get the time travel device , I 'll be able to send you home and this whole nightmare will be over . Are you sure you can do this ? Let 's find out . KIERA : How much time do we have before Escher figures out what we 're up to ? I 'm sorry , Kiera . KIERA : What are you doing ? I 'm protecting my family . Alec , he is not family . He is a threat . He 's my father . Time travel 's not just some technological marvel , Kiera . It 's the family business . ( GUNSHOT ) ( GRUNTS ) Stay where you are . ( ELECTRONIC WHIRRING ) KIERA : I can make things right . And then I will destroy the device and nobody will ever use it again . That 's all I 've ever wanted . To put the pieces back together and return to my family . That might be true , but there 'll still be an anomaly . A glitch in the continuum . You . Alec , I can go home . I know . But I have to save her . ( EXCLAIMS ) No ! No ! ( EXCLAIMS ) ( EXPLOSION ) Holy shit . Call security . ( GROANING ) Oh , my God . Oh , God . What about Lucas ? FREELANCER : It 's being arranged . The damage has passed . Except for Sadler . ( WHIMPERS ) He 's no longer our concern . FREELANCER : In this timeline . ( SOBBING ) KIERA : ( MUTTERING ) I killed you . You 're dead . I killed you . I killed you . I killed you ! I killed you ! ( PEOPLE SHOUTING ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) CURTIS : I 'm sure you have a lot of questions . I don 't have time to get into details . We slipped up . You slipped up . Me ? You let him manipulate you . You let him use you . Escher ? Alec Sadler . Where is Alec ? Not " where , " " when . " You know him . You know the chain of events that pushed him to this point to betray you . To use the time travel device for his own needs instead of sending you home . So , I need to ask you specifically , when is he ? ( PANTING ) Holy shit , it worked . Emily . Emily . He went back to save Emily . I need specifics ! I don 't have them . Sequence of events leading up to her death . You should know them , your people killed her . Just answer the question ! We can always use other methods . A week , maybe . Kellogg let Travis into the lab . Emily and Alec escaped , went to Jason 's . That 's where Iran into them and then , your people showed up . It 's confusing . She 's ready . How are you alive ? I killed you . I remember . Soon you 'll know everything I know . Soon you 'll see the battlefield for the first time . Battlefield ? CURTIS : This is a war , Kiera . And every war has one thing in common with every other war . Death . And sacrifice . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Shit ! Who are you ? Jason . Who are you ? Who am I ? I 'm your father . ( CLICKING TONGUE ) Don 't say that , that 's private ! I mean ... Who are you ? I 'm me ! Okay . I 'm from the future . Nah , I 'm from the future . The future a week from now . Oh , are you sure ? Yeah . Yeah , pretty sure . So then , you 're here to change things , huh ? Yes , yes , yes . Emily is in danger , okay ? I need to change things a little , a tweak here , a push there . Keep Emily from getting killed . What ? And then I 'll deal with Escher . Escher . Can I help you ? How can I help you ? Yeah , yeah , come on . Come on , don 't let them see you . I 'm Katherine . I 'm the keeper of this cell . Head freelancer ? If you like . The dead man tells me I 'm going to get some answers . Curtis is of the opinion I 'm wasting my time with you . Try me . KATHERINE : 100 years after you were born , a war started . Will start . This is not a war for land or wealth , this is a war for everything . Time travel is Pandora 's box , Kiera . Shortly after you left your time , the technology found its way into the hands of criminals , who saw only opportunity . It 's a popular strategy , going back in time for selfish reasons . Laws were passed and the technology was confiscated , but some damage had already been done . The only way to prevent these abuses was to put in place a safety net , that was built around an idea . A common desire to protect history . We would react to these incursions and minimize their impact . One man made the sacrifice to journey back 1,000 years to establish an order , a temple of a sort . He built a following that would evolve over time , always ready to neutralize these threats from the future as they became apparent . Sounds like a cult . ( SCOFFS ) Myself , people you see here , we are simply guardians of history . We are just like you , trying to prevent injustice and criminal abuses . You 're not from the future ? No , and we encourage our members to avoid time travel , unless it has been approved for strategic purposes . You could have put an end to all of this at the execution . That would be suicide . Against my belief system . Yeah , you just mentioned sacrifice . The important part of all of this , the part that concerns you personally , Kiera ... Destiny is not set . Time is not immutable . The continuum is like a tree . ( ELECTRONIC BEEPING ) It can grow wild , or it can be cultivated . We are on the red side of the tree . When your young friend Alec used his time travel weapon , he created a whole new branch of the continuum . A new story . He no longer exists in this timeline . Do you know what that means ? He 'll never grow up to be the Alec Sadler of 2077 . He will never create his empire . Your future . KATHERINE : It means , in a roundabout way , that we are all now fighting for the same thing , Kiera . Continuity . For us , it means the tree will remain cultivated and healthy . For you , it means you can return to your family . But that might never happen now . By allowing Alec to travel back , we 've all become complicit in a crime . And unfortunately , due to the nature of this crime , there 's not much my people can do . But , you , on the other hand , you might be able to correct this mistake and get home to your loved ones . I 'm still listening . Hello ? Anybody ? Anybody here ? We don 't have much time . What are you doing ? I 'm disabling all the CCTV surveillance in this place . All right . We can 't be spotted . I also have to keep tabs on other me . I can do that by tracking his cell phone . Oh , and get the suit . Oh , the suit . KELLOG : Ooh , what happened to your face ? Huh ? Your , uh , your face . What , is it bad ? KELLOG : It 's actually kind of badass . What happened ? Did you get into a fight ? Huh ? Yeah , sort of . It 's complicated . It always is . You okay ? Yeah . Okay . So , listen , we need to talk about ... No , you listen . Excuse me ? Look , I don 't know what kind of messed up scheme you 're planning with Sonya and Travis , but it 's not happening anymore . I 'm changing all the door codes and getting rid of that other CPS suit , so you won 't be leveraging that or anything else to save your own skin . Understood ? Um ... I would never ... ( SCOFFS ) Trust me , you already did . Okay , slow down . What 's all this about , kid ? You seem a little rattled . Not yourself . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) I can 't talk about it . Is something going on with your girlfriend ? You stay away from Emily . She 's not really my type . Besides , I found out ... Stay away . Fine , I 'll stay away . But you need to know ... I already know what I need to know . Okay , you 're scaring me . Yeah ? Mmm-hmm . You want to protect your future ? You know I do . Then start focusing on the real threat . Escher . In a few hours , Kiera 's gonna arrest Lucas and recover the rest of the time travel device . KELLOG : ls that right ? So ... So , if Escher gets his hands on it , he will use it . Okay . Sure , but without an adequate power source , he 's ... ALEC : He 's got one . Escher built an anti-matter lab at Piron designed specifically for the time travel device that you and Liber8 brought back . You 're supposed to be so smart , you do the math . Okay , so what ? Escher goes back to the time we all arrived and kills us all . After that ... Well , I guess the world 's his oyster . That 's how you stay on top . So , you and your friends are supposed to protect the timeline . That 's right , and we 've been doing just that for 11100 years . Didn 't everything get screwed up when I came back here with Liber8 ? Wasn 't a new branch of your tree created at that point ? Indeed . And the reason we were collecting people like you and Liber8 is so we could repair the damage you 've caused . Were collecting ? That is no longer a viable option . Alec has caused a much larger problem . But if everything 's already gone haywire , how am I supposed to make a difference ? That 's just it , Kiera . When it comes to history , the scale 's irrelevant . KATHERINE : Thousands can perish and nothing will happen , but one person can radically shape history . Alec Sadler is one of those people . Maybe you are , too . I think you 're all out of your minds . I think you 're delusional . Kiera . You killed Agent Gardiner , positioned me to take the blame in order to get me out of the way , and now you want to be friends ? Things changed . I 'll say . Let me go , and I 'll think about it . We can 't let you go . KATHERINE : Don 't miss out on an opportunity to help yourself , Kiera . Help everyone . I think we 're done here . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( CHOKING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CHOKING ) ( GUNSHOT ) ( CHOKING ) ( GASPING ) Holy shit . Let 's grab what we can and book . Who are they ? Why do you think I know ? A hunch ? They seem to be interested in you . Some kind of cult . From as near as I can tell , they 've kept the lid on time travel for as far back as you can go . Formed some kind of secret society to stop people from changing history . We should burn this place to the ground . What about the others ? There 's no time . This place will be on lock down any minute . You in or out ? What about us ? When we get out of here ? You don 't mess with me , I won 't mess with you . I warned you she 'd be difficult . She 's CPS , she 's not gonna wake up as easily as you think . They 've been brainwashed to think a certain way . She 'll eventually see the logic . By then it 'll be too late . I told you killing Gardiner was a mistake . It doesn 't matter . There are more important considerations for Kiera . Leave it to me . ( SCOFFS ) She 's a mother . You wouldn 't understand . MAN OVER PA : Unauthorized exit , Sector 1 . We have a security breach . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Hey , you realize you change one thing a whole bunch of other stuffs gonna change because of it . It occurred to me . Yeah , well you might wanna be careful about what you change because ... Gotcha ! Alec ? Hello ? JASON : Oh . Okay . We shouldn 't . Uh , yeah . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( SHUSHES ) GARZA : ( WHISPERS ) Go ! ( GRUNTING ) We should double back . Throw them off . They 'll go past , we 'll keep them ahead of us . Exactly . You 're acting weird . What ? Can 't a guy admire his beautiful girlfriend ? I suppose . What happened to your head ? Oh , Hook a pretty good bump . Knocked me out , even . I 've been forgetting things , too , so if you see me and I forgot everything since last time , that 's probably why . Uh-huh . Uh , so , Thailand . Excuse me ? We should go . ( STUTTERS ) I 've always wanted to go to Thailand . Yeah , me too . Great minds think alike . When do you want to go ? Hold on , you 're serious ? I am . ( CHUCKLES ) What ? Listen , I need to tell you something . That 's okay . Whatever you need to tell me won 't change the way I feel about you , or change my mind about leaving . Now , I 'm gonna go take care of things , I 'll call you , okay ? ( SIGHS ) This is gonna work . Kiera . Nice maneuver . Pulled something similar back in the rebellion , only it worked out backwards . How 's that ? Iran the same flanking maneuver by my lieutenant , he thought it was a great idea , only we did an end run . I got caught in the rear and fell behind . I watched as my entire squad got captured and taken prisoner . I only escaped because I fell , I was stupid . Stupid saved your ass . That time . This place is a maze . It 's full of rats . ( BEEPING ) Shit . ( CIRCUITS SCRAMBLING ) KIERA : That is gonna attract some attention . GARZA : They 're gonna find us . I 'll divert , stall them and give you a chance to escape . No , I 'll do it . Garza . You can bring the cops . Stupid won 't save my ass this time . All right , I 'll come back here with the police , bust you out , and we 'll shut down this operation . I can trust you , right ? I will come back with help . ( RUMBLING ) KIERA : What was that ? Time to move . Give me 10 seconds to draw them , and then go . Hurry back , now . FREELANCER : There she is ! GARZA : Sh it ! ( GUNSHOT ) ( GROANS ) FREELANCER : Over there ! Target down ! Move in on her ! Grab her ! ( KIERA WHIMPERS ) ( STRUGGLING ) FREELANCER : Don 't move ! ( GROANS ) ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTING ) ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) ( GRUNTS ) Garza ? CURTIS : Dead . I suppose it doesn 't matter now . You can 't escape your fate , Kiera . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( RUMBLING ) Neither can we . What 's going on ? This timeline is starting to collapse . It will die , and so will we . Nothing can change that now . You told me I could make a difference . You told me I could help myself , and I could get back to my family . You can . How ? I can show you . Think of this as a life boat . Seriously ? I 'm supposed to get in this thing ? It 's perfectly safe . Have you used it ? No . Then how do you know it 's safe ? This technology has been around for hundreds of years . It 's a distant cousin to the time travel device that brought you here . That is really not making me feel better about this situation . If I 'm wrong , either way you 're dead . And if you 're right , I get in this thing , I get to live and everything in this timeline dies . Nothing can change that now ! But you can set things right . Make sure Alec doesn 't rob you of your future or your chance to get home , Kiera . There has to be another way . There isn 't . This is the only way to get what you want , and in a way , the only chance we have to survive , too . Or some version of us . You don 't belong in this time . That I know . Neither does the other you . I 'm sorry , the other me ? The Kiera that now exists in Alec 's new timeline . Do you have anything for me ? Uh , Kiera thinks that Lucas is behind it and can intercept . Julian Randol just walked out of here , because I don 't have a damned thing I can hold him on . I just yanked the next possible mayor of this city in for interrogation , but I can 't hold him , because the prosecutors can 't agree on charges . Somebody 's head needs to be delivered . ( SIGHS ) ( ELEVATOR DINGS ) Check it out . My God , are you okay ? Uh , yeah . It 's just a little bump . Um , I don 't have much time . I have some intel . Well , don 't keep us in suspense . First off , you 'll find Lucas in his van underneath your favorite bridge . You know that one that blew up when you first arrived ? I 'll get ERT on this ASAP . We should move quickly . Two Alecs , two of me . I would highly recommend avoiding the other you at all costs . What if she 's the only one I can count on ? There are some uncomfortable considerations to face if you 're looking for solutions . Solutions ? I 'm sorry , what does that mean , solutions ? Look , I 'm not in a position to make predictions . That 's a bit vague . I know and I 'll explain . But first I 'm gonna need your hand . Oh , also , don 't bother looking for Agent Gardiner . He 's been murdered . What ? You can blame the freelancers . They 're gonna pin it on you if you don 't get ahead of it . Where is all this coming from ? ( SIGHS ) It 's complicated . Really ? Look , it doesn 't matter . I have to go . Alec . I 'm worried about you . What 's going on ? Some things may not make sense in the next few days . All you need to know is that I 'm sorry for what I did . Hey , Kiera ... Alec , what ... ERT is mobilizing , let 's go . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( CAR TIRES SCREECHING ) ERT : Hold it right there ! Get out of the van , now ! Keep your hands in the air ! Come on . CARLOS : You 're not as smart as you think you are , huh ? ERT : Surround the perimeter . Is that what I think it is ? Yeah . It 's a little more advanced than the one you 're used to . ( ELECTRONIC WHIRRING ) KIERA : I 'm aware of that . We have to get moving . We 're losing our window of opportunity . I will fix this . You have to . Even as we speak , Alec is changing the course of history whether he knows it or not . I get it . Good luck . ( GROANS ) ( MACHINE POWERING UP ) How did you find me ? I think we both know it wasn 't easy . Well , I hope it 's worth the trouble . Yours and mine . I don 't think we 've been properly introduced . My name is ... I know who you are . What can I do for you ? Well , it seems you and I have mutual interests . I wouldn 't know . Uh , Alec Sadler . Anti-matter . Time travel . I 've got this sick feeling we 're both working from the same play book . And if that were true ? Well , if we keep stepping on each other 's toes , Mr. Escher , sooner or later one of us is bound to get annoyed and push back . My money 's on me , by the way . I 'll take those odds . This confidence is just a facade for you , isn 't it ? Somewhere to hide . But you can 't hide forever . I 'm not hiding . Matthew . I 'm right here . Yeah , I 'm counting on you staying right here . ( MACHINE POWERING DOWN ) ( PANTING ) You ? Keep it down , Garza . What are you doing ? Remember when you were in the rebellion and you convinced your commander to run a flanking move and everybody was captured except you ? Do you ? That 's what I 'm doing right now . Listen to me . Down the hall you 'll find some tunnels . Make a left at the first intersection , follow the sound of water . It 'll lead you to a spillway , and your freedom . What about you ? I 'm gonna distract them while you get away . Who are these people ? Look , it 's along story and I don 't have time to tell it to you . Suffice it to say , they have much bigger problems now than worrying about you and Liber8 . No , that 's not enough ... Garza , go . And don 't get caught . I won 't forget this . Fine by me . CURTIS : Show me your hands , Kiera . I surrender . ( GASPS ) Hello , Katherine . Have we met ? We 've met . I don 't think so . In another timeline . Keep talking . Perhaps it 's best if I show you . CURTIS : She 's telling the truth . Codes are authenticated by you . Why did you let Garza escape ? An old debt . Plus , you told me you have bigger issues to deal with than Liber8 . I did . There are two Alec Sadlers in this timeline . What else did I tell you , Kiera ? To make things right , that we want the same thing , to protect the future . First , you dismantle your plan to frame me for Gardiner 's murder . I 'm no good to you as a fugitive . And then ? Two Alec Sadlers means two possible futures , and I have to determine which Alec Sadler will bring forth the future that you and I both want . And what happens to the other ? Oh , Kiera . No . No . ( SOBBING ) No . I changed things . I 'm so sorry . So sorry . Ripped By mstoll ( SOBBING CONTINUES )
