 KIERA : Previously on Continuum ... KIERA : I brought you the wrong one . KELLOG : It seems the woman has changed her mind . Alec has created a new product . He calls it HALO . He dug the CMR out of dead me to make it work . JASON : It took decades for you to invent . JASON : Maybe the 20-year-old you isn 't quite capable of grasping the entirety of it . BRAD : I grew up in this beautiful city . In less than 30 years , everything gone to hell because of you . We can still fight for what we believe in . I don 't know what that is anymore . Sonya , don 't move ! Take the shot ! I got this ! You 're in no position to judge . I 'm in the best position and I find you guilty . ( GUNS FIRING ) ( DISTANT EXPLOSIONS ) Ripped By mstoll Tonkin . I got your message . We 've got a short window . Access to the platform is limited . Yeah , last recon team wiped out , I heard . Those Abbotsford boys are hopped and screaming Jesus about it . I 'm going in with a live force this time . There won 't be any recon . It 's all or nothing . Hail Mary time . Our mission clock is minus three clicks . Wow , shit . So who 's the unlucky bastard ? On . ( CHUCKLES ) Right . You put yourself on the list . It was a long list . You know the mission brief ? Clean and fire , burn all timers , neutralize the Zealot cells , stabilize the incursion site . Salt the God-saved earth . Yes , sir . Traveler 's lead lets us knock all the dominoes down . He 's got a contact that will back you up . If things get too hairy , I want you to use this . This wasn 't in the brief . Yeah . The Hail Mary now has a Hail Mary . There a problem ? I want you to have my gold , Marcellus . That 's mighty large of you , Tonkin . You know I still got three of mine alive , right ? Yeah , well , that 's the only reason . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , this works , maybe it all stops . It never stops . Same shit , it 's just different . Yeah . All right , I 'll let the big man himself send you off . Sir ? KIERA : I never knew I could want so little so much . ( SIGHS ) You know , this is the part where it all goes to hell , right ? ( LAUGHS ) HOW ? Oh , you get a couple weeks in , compare histories , things come out , cultural differences , incompatible timelines . I work for a half-mad warlord . I worked for Big Brother . ( CHUCKLES ) ( SOMBER INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ) Sam . ( SIGHS ) For the first time in a long time , he feels closer . But I feel like ... I belong here . Sam is ... Part of a dream that I had . And the funny thing is , even with Liber8 trying to destroy everything that lead to him , somehow he still feels possible . Even if you can 't get back ? ( SOBS ) I didn 't say it made sense . ( SNIFFLES ) I just have this bizarre perspective that nobody will ever understand . Except you . It 's like we 're two sides of an argument . The genius thing is not to have the argument . SCAR ALEC : I have been so careful . Just a nibble here , a nibble there . Mmm . Nibble . I 've routed through Turkey , the Cayman Islands , and 17 anonymous proxy sewers . Just a slow , slow drip , but just enough . We have just enough . Keep talking nerdy . ( CHUCKLES ) lt 's heating me up good . We have enough to get to our next waypoint . About time ! Hey , we 're up against me , here . Slow play is the only way . You trust me to get us out of here and then ... Then I take over and no one will ever see us again . What 's that saying , uh ... " Make plans , destiny laughs " ? You mean God ? ( SCOFFS ) Well , time travel has put me off ... ( GUNSHOTS ) MAN : Go , go , go ! Are you hit ? ( TIRES SQUEALING ) No , are you ? No . ( COCKING GUN ) I think God heard you and he 's pissed . That wasn 't God . Alec 's moves are a lot less mysterious . You know what we have to do now . Henry Ford said there are no big problems . There are just a lot of little problems . In life , those little problems in your veins , in your heart , in your lungs , they don 't stay little for very long . Today , HALO coverage expands to North America and 15 other countries . But this isn 't about a product launch . This is about shaking the foundation of how we think about fec ... Techno ... Technology . Shit . ( SWITCH PULLED ) ( SLOW CLAPPING ) KELLOG : Inspiring speech . Oh , Piron 's stock just dropped 30 points . And you 're the punching bag of every financial news channel on the planet . I know . You get one shot . One shot . Just imagine there 's nobody out there . Except the thousands that are . Exactly . And who the hell are they ? Huh ? They waited in line , they skipped work , they skipped school ... To see you . You . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) ( SIGHS ) Something going on , kid ? You know , it 'd be nice if you said something that made me feel better rather than worse . The message has been delivered . Casualties ? Unclear . I 'm uncomfortable passing cloak-and-dagger communiques like this . This is not my job . ( CHUCKLES ) It is exactly your job . ( LEAVES CRUNCHING ) ( SIGHS ) ( KNOCKS ) Yeah ? Carlos ? I 'm a little under the gun . What do you want ? I 'm here to talk about Mr. Sadler . Alec ? What about him ? He 'd like to arrange for some additional police presence at his keynote . He 's , uh ... Feeling a little jittery . You know , it wasn 't that long ago that Alec spoke for himself . A let 's changed . I 'm just a cog in the machine now , Carlos . I don 't get to play chess master anymore . Yeah , somehow I doubt that . Additional manpower . Can I count on you ? If you want security , you should hire some . Things have changed . The Piron initiatives being reviewed . But you still like the money . Excuse me ? The ... The money . Thai , uh , that keeps being poured into this division . You don 't want it , anymore . Don 't turn this into something ugly , Kellog . Hey , it 's not my style . If it helps , think of it as a personal favor . He knows eliminating me would pave the way for his ... Your future to unfold . That 's his ultimate pursuit . But I 'm here . Everything is still in play . SCAR ALEC : The moment that I came to your timeline , I , in effect , created your future . That doesn 't mean that other me still can 't prevent it . Mmm . This is gettin ' heavy . If I had to speculate ... That puts Piron / SadTech in the driver 's seat for decades and ushers in a new age of complete surveillance and control . Piron 's already rebuilt the anti-matter lab . The other you is still researching pieces of the time device . He 's pretty far down the road . But he doesn 't have a complete one . Uh , that 's not exactly true . I 've been kind of helping him . Helping him sort of . Helping ? How ? ( STAMMERING ) The missing slice just made his brain go whoo ! So we ... We worked together and rigged up a kind of Frankenstein-looking thing and , uh ... Well , it should work , maybe . It will work . It will . Paranoid Alec with a time travel device . Not good . Yeah , with Kellog standing right beside him . KIERA : We need a game plan . And we need help . That 's where you come in . ( SIZZLING ) ( COCKS GUN ) We 're closed . That 's not what the sign says . Closed to you . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) We don 't want any trouble . ( SCOFFS ) This better be really , really good . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) Whatever this is , I am in ! INGRAM : Ha ! I could definitely work with this ! Yeah , don 't touch anything . Who says I have to touch it ? Don 't be a disappointment , Protector . Now , what ? You were right about me . Even Sonya , from the first time I met her , knew what I know now . I was asleep . I 've been fighting for the wrong side for a long time . And now , I 'm awake . It doesn 't mean I condone your tactics . It doesn 't mean we 're going to be friends or allies . But it does mean that we want to change our future before it comes into being . That is a fight I can get behind . That is a fight worth sacrificing for . And it 's a legacy I want to leave for those who come after us . Let 's get to work . DIANA : You 're 20 years old . You started your first technology firm a little over a year ago . Actually , I was dabbling before that in a barn . A barn ? Mmm-hmm . And you worked in an electronics store less than a year ago . Yeah , yeah . That wasn 't a good fit . ( CHUCKLES ) You see where I 'm going with this ? You inherited a privately held Fortune 500 company , one with a revolutionary partnership with the police department . And that initiative has really paid off . We got rid of a corrupt mayor , neutralized the threat from Liber8 . Of course , Jack Dillon was instrumental in that , too . We pray for his recovery . The point is , you came out of nowhere . And now , if hype holds true , tomorrow you 'll become the next Steve Jobs . Where the hell did you come from ? Who is Alec Sadler , boy CEO ? ( SCOFFS ) Well , for one thing , I 'm a guy who hopes that description doesn 't stick . I dream for a living , Diana . Let 's hope that dream comes true . More with Alec Sad / er on Firing Point . ( LOADS GUN ) Well , what do you think ? I find this deeply , deeply unsettling to watch . How will we ever know if we succeed ? There is the beacon I brought with me . What about it ? The beacon sends a signal marking a point in time as a critical nexus point of change . My orders were to plant the beacon so that steps could be taken to influence that moment in history , and to prevent anyone else from doing the same . What kind of steps ? They never told me . The point is , the only way for us to know if we changed history is for me to activate that beacon and have nothing happen . You will have prevented your future , you will have prevented mine . We all gel to live out our lives . We commit to this time , to this place . We commit to this new history . Tomorrow , Alec launches HALO . It changes everything moving forward . We are only going to get the one shot . We should go over it again . Oh , we 'll keep up our end . You just worry about being there . She 's right . We 'll run it again . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) You 're a good man , Carlos . You always have been . ( CARLOS CHUCKLES ) I don 't get to choose sides , Kellog . I serve the public trust . And if that is what I 'm doing here , then I better know you 're on the same page . Couldn 't have said it better myself . Yeah , well , I 'm still gonna need to hear you say it . If it were up to me , Piron / SadTech will support you and the VPD as you see fit . Are your people up to that ? Don 't worry about us , Kellog . We understand the gravity of the situation just fine . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) ( SCANNER BEEPING ) Open it up . Keep moving . Stop here . Show me . JASMINE : I 'm in . Copy . You 're good to go . ( CROWD CHEERING ) WOMAN : Peace of mind . It comes from knowing that your people are watching out for you . Like your family doctor , your therapist , your personal trainer , your nutritionist , your physiotherapist , your chiropractor , your entire health and well-being team . But who can afford all that specialized care ? You can . Meet HALO , your health and lifestyle oracle . Real-time medical monitoring and disease prevention , now within reach . This is what peace of mind looks like . ( ALL CHEERING ) ANNOUNCER : Piron / SadTech is very proud to introduce the visionary mind that brought HALO from fantasy to reality . Alec Sadler ! ( APPLAUSE ) Once there was a boy who lived on a farm . That boy had a dream that nobody believed in . He wanted to make a difference . Create a better tomorrow and serve the people faithfully . I am that boy and HALO is that dream . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING AND CLAPPING ) Amazing . Today , the whole world is your computer . You simply need elegant access . HALO is always with you . It 's always watching and listening to you , and the world around you . HALO is not powered by a battery . ( TYPING ) You never have to plug it in . Here we go . You never have to charge it . HALO is powered by you . Literally . ( ALARM SOUNDING ) ( CROWD CLAMORING ) HALO is a lie . A shackle designed to enslave anyone who wears it . Take it off . Get it down now ! Condemning us to a future where our most personal information is controlled by corporations . HALO will usher in a future where freedom is promised via technology . But the same technology will rob us all of that freedom . They 'll be able to control our ... I 'm in position . ( MIC FEEDBACK ) Sorry about that . Once upon a time there was fire , and I 'm pretty sure there was a caveman saying , " Bad idea . " Henry Ford once said ... ( GUNSHOTS ) ( CROWD SCREAMING ) Take him out of here ! Move ! Move ! South balcony ! We 've secured Sadler , east elevator . Quick . Are you hit , sir ? No , no . I don 't think so . What 's the protocol ? We get Mr. Sadler back to Piron , wait for further instructions from law ... ( ELEVATOR RATTLES ) ( GAS HISSING ) What 's that ? What the ... ( ALL COUGHING ) POLICE : You ! Freeze ! Put your hands in the air ! Maya Hartwell , you 're under arrest for the attempted murder of Alec Sadler . Three of you ? Really ? POLICE : We have a suspect in custody . All right , get cover between here and the vehicles . If they try again , it 'll be there . Open these doors . Shit . Get EMTs down here now ! Alec ? What 's going on ? Liber8 , but I think we scared them off . You should get checked by EMTs . I agree . No , I 'm fine . I just wanna get out of here ! Okay . You heard the man . Get him out back to Piron and lock him up safe . Thank you . Just doing my job . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) You 're making a big mistake . I could say the same thing to you . What ? HALO . Travis is right . " Travis is right . " Do you even hear yourself ? ( KNOCKING ) You ? Me . All clear . ( SIGHS ) You wait here . I 'll have security sweep the offices . No , no . That 's okay , Jacqueline . This is the safest part in the city right now . Truth is , I could use some time to absorb it all . Of course . Of ... Of course . I 'm sorry for overreacting . You must still be in shock . Let me know if you need anything . Yeah . All right , I 'm in . Good . Plant the bug . All right , it 's done . I 've got access and complete security override . Shutting down external communications , area alarms , and locks . Clock 's running . Lucas , connect me to her . ( BEEPING ) What 's up ? I can 't find the time travel device . Keep looking . Alec , if you can 't find the device , destroy the anti-matter lab . Start walking . ALEC : You 're making a big mistake , Kiera . You do this and you never get back home to your future . Your family . You realize that . I 'm counting on it . All right , let 's go , shithead . I 'll have your job . ( CHUCKLES ) You 'll have my job ? Tell you what , kid , you can have it . This is like kidnapping . ( SCOFFS ) No , this is exactly kidnapping . You think you can just switch me out and have nobody notice ? You think anybody will believe what you and I know ? Now , I know you sent mercenaries to scare the other you and I know you turned a blind eye to what 's right to get HALO out to the masses . You got anything to say for yourself ? ( TIRES SQUEALING ) Jacqueline . It 's called an RFID chip , like people put in pets . ( BRAKES SCREECHING ) Big countermeasure in Latin America . Cuts down on costs for kidnapping and ransom . Does the trick , don 't you think ? ( GRUNTS ) Where 's Brad ? Uh , he said he had something to do . Uh , I ... I think they have Emily . How is that possible ? She was supposed to stay out of sight . ( CELL PHONE BUZZING ) Hey . CARLOS : Alan 's gone . ( SIGHS ) What ? Yeah , his security detail showed up . I didn 't have a choice . He 'll be headed back to Piron . ( SIGHS ) Where would I hide it ? Gotcha . Back again ? I 'm really getting sick of your face . Alec ? Put this place on lockdown . Lucas ? I need an exit and quickly ! You 've woken up the castle . Yeah , I know that . How do I get out of here ? I 'll guide you through . Lucas , how long do I have to wait here ? Not long . They 're close . Who 's close ? ( PANTING ) LUCAS : They 're coming . ( PANTING ) Well , tell them to hurry ! ( DOOR OPENING ) Give it back to me . Not another step . I 'm warning you ! You think I 'm gonna let you sabotage everything that we 've worked for ? I never wanted any of this . We both know that 's a lie . We both know our destiny . You think I 'm ever gonna give up ? You think I 'll ever let you be with her ? She 'll die again before I let you both be happy . And I 'll make sure that you 're there to see it happen again . And you can keep traveling through time again and again to try to save her and I 'll keep making sure that she dies in your arms again and again . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) This timeline isn 't big enough for the both of us . I couldn 't agree more . ( GROANS ) Let 's go . Hold the lobby . What about the police ? They won 't be coming . ( GROANING ) ( GRUNTS ) So that whole " I don 't mess with you , you don 't mess with me " thing , I guess that 's done , right ? ( WIND WHOOSHING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) I 've seen the future , Alec . ( PANTING ) And you 're not in it . ( BOTH GRUNT ) ( GROANS ) ( STRAINING ) ( JASMINE GRUNTS ) Ah ! You got this ? Yeah . ( PANTING ) I win , Alec . Because I want it more ! ( CHOKING ) Oh , shit . ( PANTING ) ( COUGHS ) Your future dies with me . No , no . Oh , no . No , it 's not true , Kiera . What he said , there is no way to know . You . It 's me . It 's me . Even in that cage , I knew you 'd come back for me . I ... I chose you . ( SOBS ) I chose you , because I believe ... In a better future than mine . One that I know you will build . I 'm sorry . So what 're you gonna do with ... I guess we 've come full circle . Hold out your arm . Nobody will ever know . TRAVIS : We have to go . You 're not coming ? This is my company now . It 's time I did something good with my birth rig ht . Tell Emily I 'm sorry . I have to stay . When you see her , tell her I 'll find her . I know you 'll do the right thing . ( EXHALES ) Alec ? We dodged a close one . They managed to slow us down , but we will win the day . We 've got work to do . CARLOS : What happened with Alec ? Legally , it 's probably best if I don 't tell you . So that 's how it 's gonna be ? What do you mean ? This relationship . I 'm Commissioner Gordon and you 're ... Ooh , I know this one . I thought ... Oh , forget it . Emily 's in custody . And so it begins . I 'll see what I can do . Thank you . What about Liber8 ? It 's complicated . INGRAM : I could work with this . Garza ? That what I think it is ? TRAVIS : They obviously didn 't want anyone else to use it . It 's scrap now . Good . Let 's get set up . I thought I might find you here . Alec Sadler is dead . Your future can 't happen . Order has been restored . ( SIGHS ) Oh , God . I want to believe that . And have faith that 'll carry me for a while . Eventually , the doubt will creep in and I 'll wonder if I did everything I could . Don 't you wanna know ? Of course . But I don 't need proof . We aren 't supposed to know , not for certain . And I think that 's the point . Hmm . ( SNIFFS ) This will send a signal . If nobody hears it , nothing happens . And if someone does hear it ? Then we failed . And I think we both wanna know that . ( BEACON WHIRRING ) You did it . No . We did it . Two Alecs enter , one Alec leaves . Congratulations . Thanks . I hope this doesn 't derail anything for us . Security , please come to the executive office immediately . I 'm afraid you 'll have to go . You don 't think keeping me around for a while is maybe a good idea ? I could cover for you , walk you through how the place works . I 'm not here to work the company . I 'm here to tear it down . Security , please escort Mr. Kellog from the premises and recover all his security passes . I haven 't told him yet . Haven 't told me what ? Please wait outside . For the past few weeks I have been getting the other Alec to sign documents and to issue policy changes , well , quite frankly , that remove him , now you , from the daily operation of this corporation , and , uh , put me in the ... The big chair . Jacqueline 's been a tremendous help . You see , your behavior was starting to be a concern for those of us who want the company to succeed . I mean , that 's what everybody here wants . Ah . I 'm sorry you got caught up in the process . I don 't really have anything against you , per se . Okay , now 's good . Give him a ride home . There is a nice severance package , and we can chat later about maybe coming back to work for me . At a reduced level , of course . Okay . ( SIGHS ) Bye . I wonder what the future will hold . Isn 't it nice to wonder ? Yeah . It is . It has begun . Shit . What do we do now ? Run ! ( GUN WHIRRING ) Ripped By mstoll
