 TRAVIS : Previously on Continuum ... ( GRUNTING ) But we 're hoping to create something for the commercial market . You wear it ? CARLOS : You 'll be fitted with an ankle tracker that you will wear at all times . KIERA : We 're going to use you as bait . KELLOG : You did great with that board , kid . You held your own against the vipers . You need to bring in a mongoose . We 're in a bit of a hiring freeze . KIERA : What would Liber8 want with a truck full of Sonmanto chemicals ? ALEC : A truck full of this stuff and the right equipment and you 've got the mother of all chemical weapons . Liber8 's gonna poison the whole city . SQUAD LEADER : ( OVER RADIO ) Move out ! Everyone stay alert ! Expecting Liber8 activity . Orders are to locate and break up this gathering and arrest the leadership . Liber8 is the priority here . EFRAM : Anyone at the GCC can have a voice . If that doesn 't happen soon then every day we wait , the idea of it becomes harder to sell to those who already have a stake in the new building plan . Ladies and gentlemen , this is an illegal political gathering and a violation under Section 2 of GCC civil regulation . ( STAMMERS ) This is nothing of the sort . This is a citizen 's committee meeting ... ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) A citizen 's committee meeting . We 're trying to save this heritage building from demolition . SQUAD LEADER : I appreciate the sentimentality , but this land has been designated ... Mom ? EFRAM : We 're just asking for a hearing . A forum to voice our concerns . You 'll get your hearing all right . Why are you here ? SQUAD LEADER : You 're all under arrest . Standing up for something . They 're calling this a political assembly . That 's rubbish . I 'm going to try to get you out of here before they start booking people . You 'll do no such thing . This is serious . I agree . You 're not the only one who gets to take a leap for what she believes in . People should have the freedom to move . To think for themselves . To chase ridiculous dreams if that 's what they want . Arrest me ! ( WHISPERS ) Mom . She 's done nothing wrong . She 's here , isn 't she ? Kiera , you don 't want to become this . Be rebellious in another way . I am not rebelling . Against me , darling ? Yes . Yes , you are . It 's okay to be wrong but eventually you gotta own up . You 're strong , baby . That 's not everything . ( SOFTLY ) I love you . Ripped By mstoll DIANA : ( ON TELEVISION ) Today my guests are Inspector Dillon of the Vancouver Police Department and also with me former Liber8 member turned social enterprise activist , Julian Randal . Welcome to you both . Thank you , Diana . Thank you for having us . Inspector , you first . Why is the Piron initiative so essential to our safety ? Well that 's a great question , Diana . Budgets are under pressure . And so are our boys and our girls in blue . Now without private support , the bad guys will continue to grow stronger while we fall further and further behind . See a private police force doesn 't need to answer to its citizens . Only its shareholders , isn 't that right ? We 're all shareholders in this city . Every one of us wants to feel safe . The VPD is taking advantage of new breakthroughs in technology to make sure that we are safe . All of us . Buy the technology then . You don 't let the technology buy you . DIANA : Inspector ... No , no , no . Diana . Diana . This is the problem with people like Mr. Randal here . They always blame what they don 't understand . Corporate sponsorship is not ownership . Open up your books . Prove it to me . And give the bad guys a look ? No . Thank you . Will Piron replace the VPD ? Absolutely not . Piron is a tool for law enforcement . Nothing more . And for those of us who are law-abiding citizens , nothing will change . Come on , that 's a smokescreen and you know it . Do you have proof to back up any of the ... The ridiculous statements you 've been making recently in the press ? I 'm working on it , yeah . Well , my service to this city over the years is why I think people can take my word for it . Where 's your credibility , Mr. Randal ? That 's exactly what I thought . DIANA : More with Firing Point in a few moments . ( CELL PHONE CHIMING ) Cameron . Bitch cop . I 'm out . This time try and stay out of my way . Resorting to taunts , Curtis ? That 's a little below you , isn 't it ? A little humility will go a long way with you . You had so many opportunities . So little insight . We 're going to have to fix that . MALE EXECUTIVE : When I look at our competition , when I look at what Piron is doing , Vickerdale , Sonmanto , I see corporations here for the long haul . Vision for a future that ensures that longevity . If Fermitas is going to stay in the hunt , we need to leverage minds , not metal . Invent , not improve . We need to own the marketplace today . ( LOW WHIRRING ) Tomorrow 's a day late and a billion dollars short . ( ALL COUGHING ) What 's going on with the vents ? Everybody out ! Out ! Now ! ( COUGHING CONTINUES ) ( ALARM BEEPING ) ( BEEPS ) Rita ! Rita ! Open the door ! Get the door open ! Get the door open ! Open the door ! Call someone ! You don 't fight a disease by curing it . You fight a disease by catching it while it 's still treatable . HALO will monitor you on every level . Advanced sensors with algorithms that tie back to Piron 's central servers , continually mining data to adjust , improve and diagnose everyone . HALO is more than just a medical clinic On your wrist . It 's the CDC . We 'll find new clusters , make connections and stop plagues from even happening . TOWEY : Impossible . The research and development alone will take years . Don 't believe me ? Try it on . ( INDISTINCT MURMURING ) ( BEEPS ) All right . Your heart rate is 85 , blood pressure 150 over 90 . It 's a bit elevated . Your serum cholesterol is ... TOWEY : Please . This is all educated guesswork for a man my age . Not to mention I can walk into any drugstore and find out . What ? ALEC : Uh ... Nothing we can reschedule the meeting . What is it ? There 's traces of carcinoembryonic antigens . It 's a marker for ... Colon cancer . Two years ago . I 'm in remission . I absolutely hope so . Excuse me . What can you show us in two months ? ( SIGHS ) A bunch of tired engineers . Two months is impossible . I move to allocate funding to HALO project for two months ' development . All in favor ? You have 60 days , Mr. Sadler . Make believers of us . Impressive . It 's solid technology . Not the device . You . It doesn 't work yet , does it ? It 's close . ( CLEARS THROAT ) So how 'd you know about the cancer ? I had a look at his insurance file . That type of cancer has a 60 % chance of recurring so ... It 's a ballsy move . I believe in the project . It 's something that can help people . Better hope you 're right . You just staked your whole future on it . ( CELL PHONE CHIMES ) ( CLEARS THROAT ) ( WHISPERS ) Jesus . How many ? A dozen . Did you find anything on the roof ? There was a laptop wired into the operating system . It overrode everything . Locked the boardroom doors , opened only the specific vents . The gas was directed straight to the target . Can 't be long before Liber8 makes a statement . Given the Robin Hood act that Liber8 has been putting on , this atrocity doesn 't make sense for them . DILLON : Well , fanatics are not in the business of making sense . KIERA : Where 's Carlos ? We tasked him on a whistle-blower case involving Sonmanto . So it 's you and me working this one . Is that a problem ? No . Adele Mason 's phone records . CARLOS : Your ankle bracelet 's showing . So ? What difference does it make ? Everybody knows . I 'm done hiding . I am . Well , everybody 's always hiding something . Especially those that say they 're not . So how come you 're sitting here instead of working on the Fermitas attack ? Or is that a secret ? ( SCOFFS ) Whats up with these highlighted numbers ? What 's the significance ? Yeah , your whistle-blower called Julian Randol . Is that so ? Have I told you lately that I love what you 've done with this place ? No . Not lately . I just want you to know I appreciate all the time you 've devoted to SadTech . But let 's not kid ourselves , okay ? Your true devotion is to Alec . Not the company . Thank you . You know I 've been thinking . Alec , he 's all alone over there at Piron . If he can 't make it back to us , then maybe you should go to him . No , I 'm pretty sure he 's coming back 'cause he left all his clothes up here . Sure . But what if he needed your help ? It 's entirely possible he 's been too embarrassed to ask . So why not make it easy for him ? You 're gonna wanna fit in . Perfect . Liber8 just released a statement claiming no involvement with the Fermitas attacks . I 've been monitoring web and FTP sites . There 's been zero chatter . Nothing suggesting an operation as big as this . Nothing at all . Check my browser history . My keystroke log . They prove what I 'm saying . What about this ? Specialized hack to operate doors and vents . Custom circuits . Spyware . Sound familiar ? Lucas 's handiwork ? Possibly . Sure . I want you to reconnect with your old friend . Did you ever initiate contact before ? No , I waited for Lucas . That was our protocol . But if I get active in the chat rooms , he might reach out . Might . DILLON : Fine . Get active . I want you to find out where they are . I appreciate the trust . Let 's not get ahead of ourselves . Okay , well , I will work on Lucas and I might have some other names for you . Just leave it with me . Betty . I , um ... I want to add something to your workload . A favor . This is that dead Liber8 guy . Yeah , except ... What ? He 's not dead ? It 's a hunch I 'm working on . If you have any way to monitor him through CCTV , police cameras ... Without drawing attention to the fact that I 'm looking for a dead Liber8 member ? You 're right . But I can outsource it . Someone who won 't ask any questions . Will that work ? You trust this person ? Do you trust me ? Yes . I just ... I just don 't understand ... why . I got hired here because I could go gray . Hack . That 's how it started . And it was just off books , undercover . Maybe I was in over my head . But then the ground here shifted so fast . Doing the right thing ? That matters to me . Thank you . CURTIS : How 's the soup ? What ... Shit . Shit ! You miss me , Kellog ? That depends . Are you , you ? The one you set up . The one you betrayed . The dead one . Well , then , the least I can do is buy you a drink . So are you going to kill me here or do we have to step outside ? You haven 't changed a bit . You have , clearly . ( SIGHS ) Okay , come on . Please let 's just get this over with . You owe me . That 's one way to put it , I suppose . And right now I 'm in a situation that could benefit a man of your abilities . Your resources . Your morality . ( STAMMERS ) What 's in it for me ? You want to cheat death , Kellog ? Help me and I 'll teach you how . So what ? You 're a reporter now ? Just a talking head . Rap sheet and an opinion gets anyone on TV . What 's your opinion on this ? Ooh . Pretty girl . Pretty thief . And she 's been calling you . So what ? The pretty thief stole intellectual property . You been demoted or something , because this doesn 't really seem like your usual fare . Why 's Adele Mason been calling you ? She didn 't steal anything . That 's just how Sonmanto 's framing it . You know I 'm so sick of this shit . Let 's go . Detective Fonnegra , please . This is the jackpot , Julian ... Hey ... By my count this is your last parole violation . Why don 't you just meet with her ? Huh ? Talk to her , then make your decision . How many people died in the attack ? KIERA : ( ON CELL PHONE ) 12 . There are five nerve gases that fit the profile . I need to figure out if the effluent Liber8 stole from Sonmanto would have the same signature . Here 's the problem . You combine the effluent with the other chemicals , you get a variety of different reactions . It 's entirely possible that Sonmanto 's waste chemicals were mixed with say , dimethylamine and phosphorous chloride to create nerve gas . Okay . Well , then who would have distilled it ? Kiera , I 'm saying it 's a possibility . It 's hard to actually prove without blood tests and hard actual physical proof like a bomb canister . And if I get you one of those ? Sure . I 'll see what I can do . Hey . Hi . Thanks for dropping by . Wow , you look so different . Yeah , well , didn 't want to embarrass you . This place is really ding-ding-ding . Bells and whistles . Yeah , I know . Mmm . Ooh , HALO . Are you creeping my files ? No . Of course not . Sorry . You probably had one . Oh , everybody had one . Wait , did you come through with it ? No , that was a long time ago . But you 're making it now . It 's a good product . Caught all your heart attacks . So you 're familiar with the project ? Yeah , the basics , yeah . Yeah . Jason . Son . ( SNORTS ) I could really use your help . JASON : What do you mean ? Here ? With you ? Betty 's tagged a likely suspect . Elton Bibby . He 's an underworld fabricator . Makes custom components . Dark-net sort of thing . This is definitely in his wheelhouse . Custom listening devices in the Fermitas offices match some of his known designs . They had the whole place wired . Probably watched the whole thing . Liber8 buy from him ? I 'm not sure . It 's possible . I 'll text you the address . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( HELICOPTER HOVERING OVERHEAD ) ( INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ) DILLON : Do you think we can trust Betty 's intel ? I think she wants back in the department more than anything . Well , let 's see if she 's right . Can you clear this site ? Cameron and I are going to go in . Sir . Cameron ! We 've been looking for you . Yeah . We got an issue . Don 't know what to say , guys . I ... I have no idea why my house exploded . DILLON : You have no idea who might want to kill you ? Tie up loose ends ? Nope . You 're a smart guy , Elton . Full scholarship to WCIT . They tell me you could get in anywhere you want . Hey ! Nobody is going to ask me about due process today , Elton . Do you know why ? Because cops are assholes . Agent Cameron , are cops assholes ? Sometimes ... Sir . She 's right . Sometimes we are . But not today , Elton . Because today we are hunting down terrorists who killed 12 people . And then tried to kill you . So the whole due process thing ? Agent Cameron ? Not very important . DILLON : Because this is terrorism , Elton . And whatever I have to do to protect the people of this city , I will do . And I have a free pass to do it . I know you . You 're the chief of the private Po-Po . Guy who has his own force . You 're good for business . I can detain you on a security certificate if I want . Lose the paperwork . You disappear . And then when they find your body in the rubble , everyone will assume that you died in that explosion . What he said . DILLON : The name . Travis Verta ? Sonya Valentine ? Lucas Ingram ? Jasmine Garza ? Could be . I can 't just give those guys up without some consideration for my cooperation . Of course there will be consideration for your cooperation . You might even make bail . But you 're going to have to give me a hint . Do any of those names ring a bell ? Absolutely . Smart . ( DOOR CLOSES ) I don 't believe him . He just tied Liber8 to the gas attack . As soon as you gave him the names and a ticket out of here he did . So he 's taking advantage ? Hey . Lucas just made contact . Okay , so he wants me to find a connection between Sonmanto and Fermitas through you , sir . Does he mention anything about the gas attacks ? Well , I brought it up but he wouldn 't bite . He 's been rifling through your private e-mails and he wants me to find something in your police accounts or by talking to you . Is there a connection between the companies ? They could be targeting Sonmanto again . KIERA : No . Liber8 is strategic . Layered . It 's not like them to make connections afterwards . Tell them you 're looking . ( TYPING ) Keep the conversation going . BETTY : Nothing yet , haystack 's a little big . ( LAPTOP PINGS ) Mata Hari ? Yeah , I picked it a long time ago . Okay . Give me some time . ( PINGS ) What does that mean ? " lt 's taken care of " ? Apparently they found what they 're looking for . ( GRUNTING ) Who are you ? ( BOTH GRUNTING ) You do not want to mess with my people . ( PANTING ) Help ! ( GRUNTING ) Clock 's ticking , Jasmine . You gonna make your move ? ( SIREN WAILING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Come on in . That 's funny . You don 't look like an Adele . She 'll be here . Internal e-mails . Un-redacted reports . Correspondence proving Sonmanto has been lying about health dangers for a dozen of their products . All of which was stolen . You 'll also find price fixing , union busting , stock manipulation . Really take your pick . Is any of this verified ? Diana has three researchers on it . So far it 's all good . ( DOOR OPENING ) So , theft ? Or whistle-blowing ? I 'm not so sure you can separate the two . JULIAN : Well , they need to be . And immediately . We only get one chance to do this thing right before Sonmanto 's spin machinery swings into operation . For what it 's worth , I was authorized to access them as part of my employment . Does that include removing them from the premises ? Well , when I saw what was in them I had to tell someone . JULIAN : Information should be free , Detective . Whistle-blowers too . I guess I 'm prepared to go to jail . I 'd ... I 'd just rather not . Give us a minute , would you ? Yeah . ( DOOR CLOSES ) So why him ? He 's not exactly unbiased . He 's not owned by anybody either . Yeah , if I start digging around what do I find out about Miss Adele Mason ? You 'll find she 's someone who loved her job and her life . Who made tiny allowances as time passed because I still believed in what I was doing and where I worked . But now it 's too much . I can 't keep making allowances . You understand ? I need your help . Any idea why a known terrorist would target you ? Wrong place , wrong time , I guess . KIERA : You 're ex-military ? Yeah . How 'd you know ? You went a couple of rounds with a trained terrorist and you 're still alive . The bad laser job on your tattoo ? Looks like an eagle and an anchor ? Former Navy SEAL . You work private security , Mr. Neelon ? Yeah . Is there a law against that ? Not yet . Excuse me . ( LOW ) So I made contact with Elton Bibby . I think this is going to be a break for us . DILLON : ( WHISPERING ) Just give me a second . Anything else you can think of that might help us ? I got nothing . We 'll be in touch , Mr. Neelon . Thank you . ( CLEARS THROAT ) So what do you think ? I think he 's connected to the whole thing . Agreed . If he is former military , then it suggests mercenary work . Liber8 contracts him , the deal goes south . It comes to blows . Liber8 is about the ideology . They recruit . They don 't hire . No viable business keeps doing the same old thing . There 's no moving forward unless you 're willing to adapt . Internal documents reveal that Sonmanto sold GMO foods without any government testing ... ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) ... and in clear violation of agricultural import laws . And , there 's more ... ADELE : I just wanted to do the right thing . Hey . I thought you might be hungry . God , yes . Stealing from your employer ? Revealing trade secrets ? ( DOOR CLOSES ) I don 't know how you were raised but I ... ADELE : People need to know what these companies are doing . Their secrets aren 't more important than peoples ' lives . That 's ballsy . ( SWITCHES OFF TV ) What ? What you did . It 's , uh ... It 's brave . You , too . ( SIGHS ) Oh , all I did is pretend that I didn 't find you . Well , you could . Find me , that is . It would be difficult to disappear me after this and it would protect you if you found me . Let the rest of the media pick up on the story before you reveal yourself . Safer . I hate to drag you into my mess . You know I had someone tell me today that she was done hiding . I told her everybody 's hiding something . What are you hiding ? What am I hiding ? ( CHUCKLES WRYLY ) Oh . Everything . No . Adele . Wait . Oh , shit . So . How 's it feel to be doing some real journalism for a change ? I received a call from Ned Harvey . He 's chief legal counsel for Sonmanto . Sure . They 'll bring out a lawsuit , okay ? That 's typical . He 's starting with a criminal code violation against me , the show and the network . False supporting of a crime . That sounds like a different version of cease and desist . He sent these . Copies of the exact documents Adele brought in . They suspected her of corporate espionage . So these documents were a plant . That 's ... That 's ... I reported a fairy tale as fact . Your lawyers vetted these . Well , the second thing we 'll do is fire all the lawyers . You 're not under contract so you might be able lo scuttle away from the fallout , but trust me on this , Mr. Randal . I will be shoving it in your direction . ( DOOR CLOSES ) ( GUN COCKS ) Clearly you 're hereto talk . So you want to put that thing away ? We didn 't gas that building . We did not kill those people . Then who did ? The guy you beat up ? Possibly . Today 's attack is exactly the sort of thing Liber8 did in our time . Sonya could have easily made the nerve gas from the chemicals ... We didn 't keep the waste we stole from Sonmanto . We left it all on that truck . Bullshit . Listen for a second . Can you do that ? As soon as we heard about this we knew we 'd be blamed . Lucas followed a trail on the Tor network . He found a job posting matching some of the details ... Killing those people at Fermitas was a job ? We 've been gaining ground . Someone doesn 't like it . You need to figure out who . I need to ? Why would I do that ? So that I can save you ? They 're taking control of the story . They 're killing innocent people . We don 't have those chemicals . This was not us . Okay . You feed me everything you find . Sure thing . Partner . ( GRUNTS ) Don 't even joke about that . I see you , Protector . ( HISSES ) You 're not sure of anything anymore . ( SHOWER RUNNING ) ( CHIMING ) ( SIGHS ) Fonnegra . JULIAN : Papers are fake . Everything Adele brought us from Sonmanto , it 's a honey pot okay ? She was meant to find it . I tried to call Adele to warn her but she 's not answering her phone . ( SIGHS ) I 'll see what I can do . Okay . Shit . ( SIGHS ) In theory , Sonya writes their line of bullshit . Does this read like her ? BETTY : No , the language is too casual . Sonya 's generally more pompous . That 's what I thought . Can you bring up that picture I sent you ? What if I told you he 's an ex-Navy SEAL and that he answered an ad somewhere on the dark net that led to the Fermitas job ? Lucas figured it out , then sent Garza to find out who is framing Liber8 . Don 't tell me you 're switching horses . You are ? This doesn 't feel right . No , it doesn 't Leave it with me . Thank you . Hey , Kiera . I was monitoring a Liber8 chat room earlier and there was talk about a high level recruitment . Provincial prison out of Maple Ridge . Dillon 's daughter . Christine . ( DISTANT CLATTERING ) I really don 't want to be the messenger on that one . I don 't think it would go over well coming from me . It 's okay . I 'll take the bullet . Sorry I didn 't say goodbye but you looked like you could use the sleep . You knew it was a plant . You really are sweet , you know . So Why 'd you do it ? When your boss asks you to do something , do you ask him why ? You ever think that maybe , I don 't know , it was crooked ? Maybe it was something that you shouldn 't do ? Does anyone have that luxury anymore ? It 's nice to know guys like you still exist . You 've got my number . I mean you really do . Call me sometime . I talked to the FIU . They insisted all of the stolen effluent was still in the truck . I remember it missing 5 % to 10 % . Okay , well transport and spillage could account for that . ( SIGHS ) You should also know that your daughter 's name was mentioned in some internal Liber8 communications . Okay , so they watch the news . It was about recruitment . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Keep me apprised . ( CARLOS EXHALES HEAVILY ) I know . I know , I screwed up . In our favor . Adele Mason discredited herself , Julian Randol and the Sonmanto naysayers . In many ways it 's a win for us . Sonmanto put her up to it . So you did find her . ( SIGHS ) Yeah . I , uh , spoke with her this morning . So Neelon isn 't just ex-Navy SEAL . He 's been a merc for years . He works through a contractor named Grey Point Security out of Antigua . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Is there any connection between Gray Point and either Fermitas or Sonmanto ? Cameron , we all know that Liber8 was behind this attack . Now if Neelon is in fact part of this , he 's no doubt one of theirs . Damn it . Stay on target ! All of you . The pressure 's never been greater . ( LOW WHISTLE ) Betty ? Look , I get it . That was , like , one minute in your shoes . Yeah , well , avoid the ankle bracelet if you can . Chafes like a bitch . You can find this connection . I 'm so close to getting Dillon back on my side . You gotta figure this out on your own . I understand , but please . Think about it . What kind of connection ? I don 't know . Bad blood ? Massacre a dozen innocent people over bad blood ? That 's insane . CARLOS : People lie , cheat and murder . That 's what " corporations are people too " means . Well , Sonmanto 's been interested in buying a controlling interest in Fermitas but negotiations stalled out . CARLOS : Well , that wasn 't in the news . Well , the only reason I know is because we own 5 % of the company so they had to tell us about the deal . KIERA : And why didn 't it go through ? Fermitas wouldn 't budge on ... On their stock price . ( SCOFFS ) And what 's their stock at today ? It took a beating after the attack . CEOs from both companies met for breakfast at 6 : 00 this morning . No , they couldn 't . Exxon . Blackwater . DeBeers . That 's what they did . Check it out . Sonmanto owns Grey Point Security . Bought ' em last year . And Elton Bibby wants to meet . I think he 's going to be able to corroborate the connection to Grey Point . And if he corroborates ... Well , then it 's a slam dunk . Good work , Betty . Looks like you 've connected the dots . Thanks , Alec . JASMINE : Hey ! Heard you lost your job . It wasn 't just a job okay ? It was more than that . A calling ? Yeah . Yeah , a calling . It wasn 't . I know that for sure . Yeah , I know . A big part to play in the future , right ? Can 't wait . Aw , look . No TV . No fans . No groupies . No one lining up to hear the thesis of mighty Theseus . Came down here just to kick me while I 'm down ? That 's it ? I 'm not hereto tell you about your future , kid . Too many people have done that already . It 's lame . Yeah , I agree . ( GRUNTS ) " I agree " ? Just shut up . First , you gotta be the guy in charge of your own damn life . That means you 've got to toughen up . You 're about as threatening as a head cold right now . You think you can do that for me ? Why ? Hmm ? What 's in it for you ? I don 't know yet . Get in the car . Come on . CARLOS : Sonmanto killed a dozen people just lo gel a better business deal ? KIERA : A blowback nobody would risk . Unless they had the perfect fall guy . Liber8 . Yeah . And Dillon is only too happy to go after ' em . Sonmanto bought immunity by making themselves the victim of your fake whistle-blower . They changed the narrative . We 're saying a company is a mass murderer . Look , we found the trail that led from a hired mercenary to Sonmanto . Sonmanto has been trying to buy Fermitas . We need more than a trail . You can 't arrest a company . We need a name . Somebody that initiated all this . What if it 's more than one person ? What if it 's bigger ? ( SIGHS ) You know , if we 'd been working together , you could have told me that Adele was lying with just one look . You think Dillon split us up on purpose ? It would mean that he knew this was coming . There 's only one way to find out . These connections are very sketchy . But with time and further investigation , they don 't have to be . I swear , Cameron , if you weren 't such a bulldog about Liber8 in the past , I 'd think you were protecting them . KIERA : And I wouldn 't do that . But I think we should take a closer look at Sonmanto and Grey Point . Oh , hell , let 's just subpoena Sonmanto and Adele . If she admits to being assigned this bullshit play that gives us some leverage . No , I 'm going to have to say no . We are not in the business of witch hunts and speculation . Suggesting some other version of events without definitive evidence just muddies the water . So we 're done ? Liber8 is behind this attack , Cameron . I know it . You of all people should recognize that . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( SIGHS ) Is this what policing looks like where you come from ? I still want to believe Dillon is a good man . Yeah , so were the cops you used to work with . At least from what you told me anyway . And they 'd still put somebody in prison just for thinking the wrong thing . How do you reconcile those two things ? I need a drink . Sign me up for that . Check it out . My parole was approved . What happened to you ? Oh , Dillon happened . First round is on me . Twist my rubber arm . Listen , I 'll keep digging . There 's proof that links Grey Point to the attack . It 's out there . Now Dillon , I don 't know . He might have tunnel vision when it comes to Liber8 but cold hard facts usually work on him . ( SCOFFS ) Yeah , facts would be nice . Dillon 's good will would also be nice . BETTY : Well , give it a few days and then talk to him again . He 's under a lot of pressure but I know him . When I told him Christine 's name was mentioned in some Liber8 recruitment chatter , it barely registered . Seriously ? That happened ? ( CELL PHONE CHIMES ) We 're in business . That 's Bibby . Now ? Um , is it okay if I meet him alone ? I just think it would be better if we kept it nerd to nerd . You know ? Okay , just bring him right back here . This isn 't my first rodeo . ( MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY ) What do you think ? Can we trust her ? I wonder why she trusts us . She saw what Dillon was doing to the VPD months ago . And she did something about it . Betty was right then and she 's right now . Dillon talks about protecting the public ... There 's a whole new mandate . Citizens aren 't even a close second . ( SIGHS ) You know , you 're starting to sound an awful lot like Liber8 . First Betty , now you ? I don 't mind learning a few things from Betty . Hey . Thanks for coming . Yeah , well , didn 't give me much of a choice now , did you ? Sorry . ( GASPS ) ( WHISPERING ) Now look what they did . Betty . ( SIRENS WAILING DISTANTLY ) Ripped By mstoll
