 MOLLY : I went to space on a 13-month solo mission . I didn 't come home alone . My husband created a lifelike android called a Humanich . His name is Ethan . He 's the prototype . This is a story about Earth . Ethan . MOLLY : A story about family . A story about surviving . NARRATOR : Previously on Extant : I 'm gonna have to turn down your warmers so you can get past the sensors . I know how to turn them on myself . Hey , little guy . I 'm running low on power . CHARLIE : Do you see the gap ? - Eighty-seven minutes . - He was with Odin at John 's house . CHARLIE : If I 'm watching a one-of-a - kind sentient android , I might mention if I let him run out of power . This is Commander Pierre Lyon of the Triomphe . We have returned to them this woman . But she 's on the Seraphim . She was alive this whole time . The Seraphim is falling out of its orbit . It 's coming back to Earth . It 'll disintegrate as soon as it hits the atmosphere . No , no . - It 's okay . - If John takes you to the lab and you think they 're gonna do something radical , - I want you to get in touch with me . ETHAN : How ? This is a very special phone . Press this button . And I 'm gonna know it 's you . I 'm gonna come straight away . Patient 's name is Odin James . Are you sure you have the right number ? The explosion at Yasumoto Tower was a terrorist attack , planned and executed by a machine . G.I.N.A. , lock the door . Ethan , what did you do ? Hey . I 'm sorry , Ethan . I shouldn 't have yelled at you . I was trying to protect you . I know . But he just wanted to talk to me . And when you threw the ball , well , it kind of ... Well , it really hurt him . Why do you care about him so much ? Because he 's my child . I thought that I was your child . You are . Then why is it different with him ? JOHN : He 's having trouble processing it . It 's hard enough for a human to deal with rejection . - For a machine , it 's ... - Well , I didn 't reject him . He doesn 't know that . He 's in uncharted territory right now . - And so are we . - Okay . And what are we gonna do about Ethan ? I 'm gonna take him back to the lab , try to find out exactly what Odin did to him . But if Julie 's right , if there 's a bomb , I don 't know what to do after that . I mean , I want to be at the launch , but it 's too dangerous with him . I know . It 's okay . Don 't worry . What about this other child ? I mean , what makes you think that he won 't try to stop you now that you 're going back up ? Well , they 're doing everything in their power to secure the building . He still wants to bring Seraphim down , so I can 't imagine he 's gonna stop now . [ SIGHS ] How did we get here ? I 'm sorry . Just ... I 'm so worried . [ SIGHS ] Me too . Come back to me , please . I will . I promise . JACKSON : At this time , we have no way of knowing if Sean Glass and Katie Sparks are still alive . If they 're alive , Molly will bring them home . Before she does , she 's gonna redirect the Seraphim away from Earth 's orbit . From the time she gets there , she 'll have under two hours to seal it up and send it packing . Any longer than that , it 'll be too late . Dr. Woods . Uh , if I should miss the opportunity to coordinate the move with Mission Control , I will go to plan B on my own . I 'll transfer fuel from the reserves , and I 'll use the station 's thrusters to redirect the Seraphim manually . JACKSON : It 's a less desirable option . But it 's better than the alternative . She 's gonna bring detonators to blow the separation bolts for emergency decommission . It 's an extreme measure , but considering what else is onboard , it 's necessary . Philips . We know this being , or beings , what we 're calling the spores , can somehow access our minds via proximity contact . They can make us see and do things beyond our control . We 're giving you the best defense we have , the Orphial 2nd-Skin prototype , designed to withstand the radiation and electromagnetic fields of the beyond-Mars missions . We don 't know how effective it will be , but it 's our best bet at reducing the margins of uncertainty . Your helmet has been retrofitted with a specialized filter using the algorithm developed by your colleague . Algorithm Danny 5 will allow you to essentially distinguish illusion from reality by showing these spores in their true form . This mission goes well beyond the bounds of acceptable risk , but these are extraordinary times , and they call for extraordinary courage . When this is over , we can sit back and reflect on these events . But right now , this is a threat that must be contained . If the Seraphim burns up on reentry , these spores could scatter through the atmosphere and lead to mass infection . This isn 't just about Molly or Sean Glass or Katie Sparks . It 's about all 9 billion of us . If you 're the praying type , say a prayer for Dr. Woods . If you 're superstitious , cross your fingers . Throw a pinch of salt . If you don 't believe in anything , believe in her . Ben ? BEN : Hello , Molly . Hey , buddy . Did you miss me ? BEN : I 've been running the probability analysis - based on the mission briefing . - Don 't want to hear that right now . BEN : There appears to be a very slim margin for success and a high degree of risk ... You 're skating on thin ice here , buddy . JACKSON : Launch control to Odessa . Time to fly . Roger that . - Stand by to initiate launch sequence . - Standing by . T-minus 15 seconds . Fourteen , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one , zero . Launch . [ ALARM BUZZING ] Ben ? Any luck ? BEN : Sorry , Molly . I tried each sector of the Seraphim . Still no answer from Sean or Katie . Keep trying , and set the clock for 97 minutes . [ THUDDING ] SEAN : Hey , let me out of here ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey . Sean . Molly . MOLLY : Gotta get your electrolytes up . SEAN : Oh , God . Katie , the real Katie , she 's been dead for a while . It looks like something tore its way right out of her stomach . And to think the whatever-it-is sabotaged my communication , locked me in the Aruna pod . - Molly , we need to go right now . - We are going to , as soon as we fix the comm system and turn the station around . Why don 't we just let it burn up ? If the Seraphim burns up on reentry , those spores on the condensers could very well make their way to Earth . Right now , you and I are the only two people that can stop it . - I don 't want to die up here , Molly . - We are not gonna die up here . I 've got a family to get home to . All we have to do is fix the comm system and make contact with the ground . And they 'll take it from there . And if they don 't , we 'll use the fuel reserves , move it with the thrusters , and be out of here . Okay , what 's first ? What happened to the comms ? She fried the power module to the antenna . Is there a spare in the shed ? - At least one . - That 's plan A. ODIN [ ON MONITOR ] : The explosion at Yasumoto Tower which destroyed the Humanichs Corporation laboratory was a terrorist attack , planned and executed not by our human enemies , but by a machine . Well , I don 't think it could 've been any clearer . He 's talking about a future attack . That doesn 't mean he already planted the bomb . - What do you think he did ? - Maybe made changes in his program . - His neural net is untouched . CHARLIE : We can 't get in there , and we 're not talking about a computer genius . Okay . I want to open him up . - John , that 's a bad idea . - Have a better one ? Call the bomb squad . Put him in a shelter . Know what the bomb squad will do ? Take him , do a controlled explosion . - They 'll kill him . - We don 't know that . When he disappeared on the island , the sheriff acted like I lost a toy . Other people don 't see him like we do . It 's too dangerous to do it here , John . All I 'm saying is , let 's be a hundred percent sure . Let 's shut him down , open him up , and see for ourselves before we get anyone else involved . Julie , tell him this is a bad idea . John , I know how you feel . He 's your son . We love him too , but you 're putting other people 's lives at risk . I 'm putting people 's lives at risk ? Wait a second , who brought Odin here ? Who let him get close to Ethan ? - You . CHARLIE : That 's not fair . You can 't put this on her . If you want to call the police , be my guest . If you want to go , go , but I 'm opening him up . - No . - Ethan , just for a bit . We have to shut you down to see what Odin did to you . - We think he did something really bad . - He 's my friend . He 's not your friend , Rabbit . - He was using us . - That 's not true . He made a video saying that you wanted to hurt a lot of people . - We could show it to you . - Why would I lie to you ? You want to shut me down for good and never wake me up , exactly like he told me . I don 't wanna shut you down for good . Yes , you do . You 're afraid of what 's happening to me , and Mom doesn 't love me . Your mom loves you . We both do . I 'm not like you . I 'm like Odin . That 's why we have to stick together . JOHN : Know who sticks together ? Family , Ethan , and you are my family . To shut you down for good ? My God , no . The whole point of bringing you home was so we could give you the human experience . I would never do that to a human child , and I would never do that to you . I don 't believe you . Ethan , come on . Just stop the ... Ethan , where 'd you get that ? Odin gave it to me . He told me to call him if you were gonna shut me down , that he 'd come get me . Ethan , give me that phone . No . Hey , I just want to see it . You don 't want me to call him . You 're right . I don 't , because I think if you push that button , you 're gonna blow the bomb , and you 're gonna disappear forever . And not just you , but me , Julie and Charlie too . You 're gonna kill us . Is that what you want ? No . - Give me the phone . - Please , buddy . Come on , Rabbit , don 't do this . I don 't know what I 'm supposed to do . Hey , I understand . I 'm asking you to do something you 're not designed to do . I 'm asking you to do the worst thing possible for a machine , to be shut down , but you 're not . You 're not just a machine . You 're capable of so much more . You have to see yourself as human , as I see you . You have to take a leap of faith . Ethan , I swear to you on my life , whatever happens , I 'll be right beside you . I will wake you up . Hey , just give me the phone . Sean , I found the spare module . Headed back now . Molly . Sean and I were just talking . We 're so surprised to see you here . I know you 're not her . What do you mean ? You 're not Katie Sparks . I 'm confused . Of course I am . Heh . The real Katie was a good person . She wouldn 't hurt anybody . So if you 're her , you 're gonna let me through that door . Okay . I know there 's a part of you saying that you have to do this . But she 's a part of you too , just like my son is a part of me . Now , let me through that door . I can 't do that . [ BOTH GRUNTING ] Help me ! Katie locked me in here , and I can 't get out . - Help ! - Molly ? - Let me out of here . MOLLY [ OVER COMM ] : I 'm here . Sean . Let me out of here . What 's your 20 ? MOLLY : N-channel power bus . About to swap the module . Where are you ? - Looking at you . - Look at me . It 's Molly . - In the shed . - I need you to believe me . MOLLY : Do not go near that door . I locked Katie in there . - Do you hear me ? - Let me out . MOLLY : Sean , - she 's making herself look like me . - Let me out . But it 's not me . Don 't worry . I 'll meet you at the hoses . Ready . [ BEEPING ] What the hell is that ? JACKSON : Standby G TC 's . If she 's on schedule , we could see her any minute now . Sir ? It 's the same in every sector . Security feed must be frozen . That 's him . That 's the Offspring . Everybody , listen up . The building 's compromised . Switching to IMP . - Going into lockdown . MATHESON : What about Molly ? - We 're gonna miss our window . - Plan B. If it 's in the building , we can 't trust ourselves to help her . Let 's go . Report to Incident Management Teams . Clear out . Fall back to the perimeter . Where is it now ? - Moving toward Sector 7 , stairwell D. - Prepare for lockdown on my go . [ ALARM SOUNDS ] [ LOCKS CLANKING ] [ ALARM WAILING ] Swapping out now , Ben . BEN : Roger . Powering up new ones . [ MACHINERY WHIRRING ] BEN : Antennae up . T-Comms full power . That 's it , Ben . Phone home . BEN : Molly ? - Yeah ? BEN : I 'm receiving an automated Incident Management Protocol response from Mission Control . They evacuated the building ? BEN : That is the standard course of action . All right , Glass , did you hear that ? Sean ? Ben , a little help here ? Could you use the transponder in his earpiece , please ? BEN : I 've located him near the transfer hoses . Sean , whatever it is you 're seeing , it 's not real . Fight it . It 's happening to me too . Sean , I 've been exposed too . We 're just gonna have to push through it . Ben ? I got a change of plan . BEN : What happened ? He cut the line to the fuel transfer hoses . We 're going to plan C. BEN : The probability of successful explosive decommission ... Ben , I swear to God , if you don 't shut up with that ... BEN : I 'm getting a distress signal . Has something happened to your helmet ? Yeah . I took it off . It doesn 't matter . My hand 's already been exposed . BEN : Are you able to complete the mission ? Yeah . I 'm gonna find Glass , sedate him and bring him back to the cockpit . It 's a honey bomb . They 're designed to fix themselves permanently - to their targets . - Permanently ? They 're incredibly unstable . If we try and dislodge it , tamper with the trigger , a violent shake , anything could set it off . We shouldn 't be standing here . We should be calling the bomb squad . - No , we 're not doing that . - He 's worried they 'll blow him up . It would only be his body , right ? - Isn 't his program backed up ? - We can 't back him up . Something happened to his program . His growth just outpaced our technology . - We 're not even close to catching up . - Well , we 're out of time . We need to get somewhere safe . Then we can decide what to do . - I 'm not leaving him . - John . Look , I promised him I 'd be here . I swore I 'd wake him up . If John 's not leaving , I 'm not leaving . Not gonna happen , dude . Then let 's at least clear the building . We 'll minimize the risk to the civilians . You two , come with me . You woke me up . Yeah . I promised I would . Heh . What is it ? I have something to tell you . It 's not easy to say . But I want you to know the truth . We were right to be worried . Odin put something inside of you that could explode and hurt a lot of people . Did you take it out ? No , we can 't . If we , uh , try to move it , we might set it off . So the best thing we could do is keep you safe until we figure out a way to back up your program . I thought that we couldn 't back up my program . Well , we 'll figure something out . I thought that he was my friend . That 's the other part of trust , you know ? Sometimes people are gonna let you down . Every now and then , you 're gonna be disappointed . Like you were disappointed in your mom for yelling at you . - I was trying to protect her . - I know . - Is she gonna die ? - No . Am I ? Come on . Sean ! I need to see you . Sean ! [ DOOR OPENS ] No , no , no . Sean . Don 't do this . So she 's just on her own . JACKSON : She may have the other two astronauts . We just don 't know . I 'll update you as soon as I hear anything . [ SCOFFS ] Why isn 't anyone helping her ? They can 't get into the ISEA . - Because he 's in there ? - Yeah , he can , uh , get into people 's minds and make them do things they don 't want to do . - How ? - Well , he has special powers . He does something to our brains that we can 't understand . Not mine . BEN : This doesn 't seem like a prudent course of action , considering . We 're not leaving him . BEN : You said Sean was exposed to the spores . How do you know he won 't contaminate the capsule ? I don 't . Ben , we are not gonna leave him . I was contaminated and I fought it . Just need to let me know when he wakes up . - Ben ? BEN : Yes ? Okay , I 'm gonna set the detonators on high-shear sep-bolts and put a timer on them . When I get back , we 're only gonna have a couple of minutes before it goes off . We 're gonna have to launch the Odessa as soon as possible . BEN : I 'll set the pre-launch protocol . You only have 23 minutes . Okay , well , wish me luck . BEN : I 'll apply the rules of probability . Oh , God . Forget it . How much time does she have ? If she went to plan B she could have sent the Seraphim packing . She could be on her way home now with Sean and Katie . - There 's just no way for us to know . - Till Ethan gets inside . - John ... - Hey , I 'm almost done with the upload . - I don 't think it 's safe to send him in . - Look , the other child can 't affect him . It manipulates other people via their biology . - Ethan doesn 't have a biology . - He 's still a threat . Look , it doesn 't matter who you call . SWAT team , Army , police , they 're useless . It 's gonna turn them against each other . Ethan is the only one who can help her right now . You have to get him in . Okay . On the condition that you stay where it 's safe . Ethan . Mr. Jackson gave us building schematics , access codes , everything you need . - I uploaded it to your neural net . JACKSON : You 're not in the system . You 'll need to manually enter the codes on the keypads . - No , I won 't . - He can wirelessly communicate with the ISEA system . Once you 're inside , make your way to the Mission Status Room and try to re-establish contact with your mom . Remember , once you lift that lock , the Offspring 's gonna be running loose in the inside . - You just need to be careful . - I know . Come here . You sure you 're gonna be okay ? Dad , trust me . Well , just ... Mr. Jackson 's gonna take you . The Hazmat truck can only get you so close . You 'll have to go the rest of the way on foot . Wait . [ ALARM WAILING ] [ RUMBLING ] BEN : Fifteen minutes until re-entry . One more charge to go in the joint bolts . I 'm about to set the timer , head back to the cockpit . - What 's the status on Glass ? BEN : Unconscious . Ben , initiate launch sequence . It 's time to go . Ben ? Ben . - Ben . BEN : Yes , Molly ? Initiate launch sequence , please . BEN : I 'm afraid I can 't do that . - What do you mean you can 't do that ? BEN : I 've run the probability analysis of returning with victims of infection . - Well , he 's not infected . BEN : It 's not just him . It 's you too . Okay , look . We don 't have time for this , Ben . Initiate launch sequence right now . - That 's an order . BEN : We can 't accept the risk that you were contaminated . I urge you to reconsider . - Manual override . BEN : Access denied . You 'll kill us if you don 't launch this capsule . BEN : Within the bounds of acceptable loss . - Two lives to save billions . - No , no , no . Ben . Ben . Ben ! Don 't do this . Please don 't do it . [ COMPUTER BEEPING ] Ben ? Mom ? ETHAN : Are you there ? Ethan ? Ethan ? What are you doing here ? Everyone else had to go outside , so Mr. Jackson let me in to help you . - Had to go outside , why ? - He got into the building . He 's trying to stop you . I 'm sorry I was mad before you left . Oh , I 'm sorry too , Ethan . I wish we would 've had more time to talk , honey . Dad says that when you get home , we 'll have another chance . I would love that . I would really , really love that . But right now , I have some bad news , Ethan . I 'm having a little bit of trouble launching . What kind of trouble ? MOLLY : I 'm having a little technical problem . And it seems like it 's something I can 't fix right now . Ethan , - can you do something for me ? - What ? I need you to take care of Dad . Okay ? And I need you to tell him that I love him very , very much . Can you do that ? - Dad ? - Ethan ? - Hey , is everything all right ? MOLLY : John ? ETHAN : Mom wanted to tell you something so I connected you . - Molly ? - I can 't launch . Ben won 't disengage from the Seraphim . - What happened ? - He locked me out of the program and I already set the timers for detonation . I know I told you I was coming home , sweetheart but it doesn 't look like I 'm going to . - I 'm sorry . - I can help . I can control the whole system . I can control Ben . - You need a person to be with you . - Why ? Because the manual override uses a biometric authentication . And it needs a heat signature , like a human hand , to reboot the system to get past Ben . - It 's a fail-safe for a viral attack . - Molly , we can get somebody in . There 's not enough time . I can do it . I can use my warmers . I can raise my temperature to 98.6 degrees . - No , Ethan , you can 't do that . - Yes , I can . JOHN : No , your system isn 't designed to withstand a temperature like that . You can develop an internal fire and trigger the explosive . Ethan , listen to your dad . Ethan ? Ethan . Don 't do it . I think that this is my purpose . [ BEEPING ] The other boy is here now . He wants to stop me . I know he 's your son . I won 't hurt him again . MOLLY : Ethan , listen to me . You 're my son too . And I don 't want anything to happen to you . So turn off your warmers and get out of there right now . Ethan , you can 't hold the temperature for much longer . Ethan . What 's going on ? You okay ? [ RUMBLING ] Mom ? Go . [ COMPUTER BEEPING ] What 's happening to his code ? Ethan . You should really run now . Run ! CHARLIE : We 're losing him . No . John . Ethan ? Ethan ? Ethan . MOLLY : Ethan did tell him to run . And there 's no evidence that he died in the explosion . Maybe he made it . I 'm sure he did . How do you know ? I just know . MOLLY : No one could explain how it happened . John set out to create a more human machine . But in the end , what he created was much more than that . In those final moments , Ethan taught us something about what it means to be human . How our connection to each other , and our ability to love and sacrifice transcends our physical forms . I 've never been a big believer in miracles , but there is one I 've come to embrace . Something time and space have revealed to me over and over again . Whether by divine creation or cosmic accident , we made it here . We exist . And that 's a gift , rare and beautiful . [ COMPUTER BEEPING ] Ethan ? ETHAN : Mom ? John . [ MACHINERY WHIRRING ] John ? John . Ethan ? Where are you ? ETHAN : I 'm here . I 'm everywhere . You all right , son ? It 's pretty cold outside . You must be freezing . Can we give you a ride home ? We aren 't gonna hurt you . It 's okay . Are you hurt , sweetheart ?
