 TRAVIS : Previously on Continuum ... Down ! Everybody down ! KIERA : Liber8 is fishing for something specific in those safety deposit boxes . What 's happening ? First step in a whole new battle strategy . KIERA : You used the same secret SIM card for a year . Liber8 wanted me on the hook and I ... Save it , Betty . KIERA : We 're going to use you as bait . Did you really think they were gonna let you play Steve Jobs without a fight ? KELLOG : You need a shark to take on these sharks . Stay away from Alec . Which one ? So I guess we 're not gonna be pals then , huh ? I don 't see how . Don 't forget to do your homework , Tio . ( SIGHS ) Mom , I hate fractions . So did I , but you won 't pass your exams without them . ( WIND HOWLING ) Tio , I thought I told you to close the door . ( HEAVY BREATHING ) Daddy ! ( LAUGHING ) Hey ! Oh ! I missed you so much ! Where have you been ? You missed my birthday . I didn 't want to , baby . Hey ! Daddy knows he shouldn 't be here . We talked about staying safe . I have another way . Go play . Go . Her DNA engram is forged . If they find out that she 's the daughter of a ... A fugitive ? A terrorist ? You don 't believe that . It doesn 't matter what I believe . Belief is the only thing that keeps me going when I 'm dying to be with you both . I mean , Tio needs to learn that belief is ... Belief is only a problem when you 're eavesdropping ! Because this is what happens ! ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Ripped By mstoll MAN : To the right ! WOMAN : On the right ! MAN : In , in , in ! Clear ! Clear . All clear , sir . His pheromone levels are still ambient . It 's better for the both of you if you were to tell the truth . What 's your connection to him ? Please . He threatened to kill us . We 're good citizens . We 're loyal . And what about you , sweetheart ? Are you loyal to the Corporate Congress ? I took the oath in school . You want to help your mother out , don 't you ? So tell me , where did he go ? Verta , down . Now . WOMAN : I got him ! MAN : Get down ! Get down now ! Easy . Down on your knees ! ( SCANNER BEEPING ) # kissmyassFermitas ? Epic ! Whoa ! The corporate security was primitive at best . Those protesters never should have made it past the lobby . Why paint a bull 's-eye on Fermitas ? ( LAUGHS ) Well , that 's an ironic choice of words . Fermitas is one of the world 's largest weapons manufacturers , like the Wal-Mart for warlords . You chasing this one down ? Trespassing and penny-ante protests ? Well , it 's not really my department . It seems to me like Liber8 's recruiting methods are paying off . Civil disobedience has been around long before your friends showed up . Carlos ? CURTIS : We 've both traveled long distances , seen things other people can 't know or understand . We could help each other . We 're already on the same team , what more do you want ? Everyone needs a partner . Carlos , Alec ... Those relationships are fracturing . Does Katherine know you 're here ? She asked me to keep an eye on you . Hmm . That is not an answer . It 's possible his offer was a gesture of goodwill . Goodwill is not in his arsenal . I don 't trust him . Well , he knows I respect you and he knows we talk , so maybe that 's all it is . I appreciate you telling me , though . Most of the people in this cell don 't have families . They found themselves lost in traditional society . Some I recruited off the streets , others found their way to me . For many of them , motherless , I can fulfill that role . How do things feel to you ? Liber8 has been quiet since the bank robberies . All that energy and theater to little or no effect . You feel that ? In a way . Don 't you ? What 's in there ? I 'm glad you 're here . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( PHONE RINGING ) Okay , if I don 't answer this , Lucas is gonna wonder why . You think I 'm gonna let you send him some kind of message by the way you answer ? No . I will answer it any way you want . He doesn 't call that often . I said no . What if she 's right ? We 'll pick the moment to use her to our advantage . On our terms . Hey , where you been ? I ran into an old friend . Huh ! It 's funny , I wasn 't aware you had any of those . ( CHUCKLES ) What is it ? This department just can 't catch a break . Break and enter . Criminal trespass . Reckless endangerment . Just call me a terrorist . That 's what we all are to you . This is being recorded in front of two witnesses , Agent Cameron and Detective Fonnegra . I will stipulate that you were being sarcastic just then . Don 't repeat that mistake . Now , for the record , you 've already been advised of your rights . What we did was harmless . Nobody got hurt . What you did is an indictable offense ! You could serve time . Now I want to know why . I really have to say it after the bloodbath at LGU ? I 'm taking a stand . That shooting , your tactics ... Were necessary and proportionate to the threat . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Tell me you want a lawyer . You can 't be serious , Dad . Christine , this is as far as I am willing to stretch . Now , say the words . ( SCOFFS ) I want a lawyer . Well , we 're not gonna be able to sweep that one under the rug . If she isn 't charged , it puts him and the whole department under a microscope . She didn 't do this on her own . Oh yeah , sure , they 're both guilty . But that other kid 's not gonna lead the news . They are . Ah , this is lose-lose any way you play it . I think you 're one " lose " short . Do I need my union rep ? There 's no inquisition here , Jack . Yet . Your daughter 's pro-Liber8 . How do you think that looks ? Is this the part where I clear out my desk again ? Just because I 'm your oversight doesn 't mean I 'm not your advocate . You know who I 'm funded by . intimately . Then you realize I won 't be removed as easily as last time . I think that there 's room for cooperation . Every back needs scratching . What did you have in mind ? Spin . I can 't save her from this . " Can 't " ? Kick it over to another department . Let Terry handle it . He owes you . Or Brett , for that time you took his son home instead of the precinct . She 's gonna lead the news , Nicky . And the only thing I can do is treat her like any other kid . She 's not ! She has to be . This will destroy her future . She made a choice . Same way you did five years ago . That is not what we 're talking about ! You know , there was a time when you believed in my principles . There was a time you believed in them , too . I still do . Chrissy will be held accountable . ALEC : And while we 're at it , I 'd like to create a two-stage authentication protocol for any future changes . Sure , I can hold . Ooh ! Wardrobe upgrade , I see . Sharp . I 'm evolving . You did great with that board , kid . You held your own against the vipers . Now you need to bring in a mongoose . Last time , it was a shark . Whatever . Someone who can strike on your behalf . If that happens to be me ... Uh , well , the thing is , while things settle down with the board , we 're in a bit of a hiring freeze . ( LAUGHS ) Now , you may remember I rescued you from a menial job at a retail store not too long ago . I gave you back your destiny . We had a deal . And this wasn 't it . Oh , come on . You 'll find another tech-savvy kid to profit by . We both know that I 'm not unique . You 're kidding me ? You 're the damn architect of the future . As far as SadTech goes , I 'm prepared to offer you a reasonable settlement . You 're prepared . You 're prepared ! You were a good teacher . Wow . Oh , this is not how it ends . Well , let me know when you find an alternative . You 've been reading that book on , uh , on , on management . What 's the name ? I haven 't . .. Power in Silence . No , no questions where a statement will do , roll over your enemies with legal prep ... Hell , you , you know the author . I don 't . It 's you , kid . It 's you . I 'm glad your department offered me this opportunity . You 're a take-charge guy and we definitely need more of those , especially with our revolving door of mayors . It 's like the seven dwarfs lately . Yeah , Happy and Dopey are dead . I think Grumpy 's in charge now . Funny ! That 's a bonus . And don 't worry , we 'll go easy . I 've seen your show , Miss Bolton . You don 't do easy . Don 't let Nigel interrupt you , he can be insufferable at times . But my producer says I have to stop cutting him off so much because ... I don 't know . The patriarchy . Oh , I 'm sure I can handle Nigel . ( CLICKS TONGUE ) I do love cops . DIANA : Your daughter will be treated just like any other kid . Nigel , can you believe this ? No , absolutely not . Inspector Dillon is answerable only to his corporate overlords , certainly not the people and not the city . This is about who my daughter answers to . It 's a serious offense and she will be held accountable . A first offense ? Any parent can understand wanting to use whatever influence they could - .. Diana , I don 't get to be any parent . My accountability is 24 / 7 . And , unfortunately for my daughter , by association , hers is too . Under your accountability , we 've had scandals , police cover-ups and two dead mayors . Inspector , tell us , how would your daughter 's situation play out different if you weren 't a cop ? If I wasn 't a cop ? There wouldn 't be a story , would there ? So you 're gonna let the system take care of your miscreant daughter ? That 's how the justice system works , yes . Does that include your own private police shooting innocent university students ? And you 're still in charge . If we can 't remove our so-called leaders , Diana , we 're staring fascism in the face . Are you a fascist , Inspector ? According to Nigel , I 'm a corporate lackey . It seems contradictory to me . ( SLOW CLAPPING ) Excellent question . That was better than usual . Kill the feed . MAN : They blocked and booby-trapped the doors . Most of the staff were forced out except for Inspector Dillon and eight other hostages . How many Liber8 ? Unknown , but witnesses identified both Travis Verta and Lucas Ingram . ( SIGHS ) Okay . We try and talk them out first . In the meantime , get us an entry plan . Easy enough to get in , but they had to know it would be virtually impossible to get out . Your contact 's gone quiet . Can we still do this without her ? Trust me , I 'll find a way . We know how this plays . Your troops are outside shutting down streets , searching for entries into the building from above and below . DILLON : You 've wired all entries to blow , you 've got a list of demands . You know we 're not gonna meet them . Yeah , and if your boy Fonnegra is in charge , he knows we 're not in this to steal a million and fly off to Bolivia . So what is it you want ? ( PHONE RINGING ) You 're about to find out . Yes . It 's him . When did I become such a dick ? It 's not a joke . I 'm not joking . But he 's still ... You 're him , he 's you . How can he be so vindictive ? I don 't see that in you . I traveled through time , win . I got the girl , win . You lost your father . Yeah , but I 'm not like the other me there . I met the guy , I didn 't like him . Escher was still your father . There 's gotta be some regret not knowing him . I 'll try on some regret later . Right now we 've got other problems . Okay , we 've got 30 minutes to give them access to the station 's satellite network or they start killing hostages . And he wants to make a public address . It doesn 't make sense . In the past , when Kagame and Lucas wanted to reach people , they simply hacked in . Why take hostages and expose themselves like this ? I don 't know . And we 're never gonna let them broadcast anything . There 's a maintenance panel here that leads to the ventilation gangway . We could send in a small team , secure access for a larger force . Shouldn 't we start with negotiation ? Travis is never gonna cut a deal . I mean negotiating for Dillon . There are no VIPs in a hostage situation . If I was in there and Dillon was out here , he would make exactly the same call . Have Hydro stage a transformer failure , tell them that 's why they 're off the air . It won 't convince them for long . We don 't need that long , just long enough for you to explore this entry . Take two guys , see what you can find . You 're going in there also . With them ? No . Do that thing that you do , okay ? Keep a line open for me . Kiera . We want to rescue all of them . I know . Sir , we have a two-man team ... ( ELECTRONIC BEEPING ) They 're starting to play their games . It doesn 't matter . I rigged a back-up circuit . It should activate in three , two , one . ( BEEPING STOPS ) lt 's the only magic trick I 've got until we get those satellite codes . Busy day for you . Arrest your own daughter , act the righteous man on TV , get taken hostage . Yeah . Tonight can only be a letdown . What do you want ? What do you think I want ? You 've been chasing me long enough . You know , you talk a great game about freeing the people , but it 's on your terms . Anybody who doesn 't agree with you ... Ends up being arrested by Daddy . You 're not that guy , Inspector . You 're not getting the gun , you 're not saving the day . Pretty confident of that , are you ? I am . Great . Your boy Fonnegra better get me what I want . I 'm in agreement with your principles , Mr. Verta . Strip the power away from this growing corporate mono-culture . Shut up , Nigel , you 're encouraging a terrorist ! NIGEL : Liber8 has the only clear vision of what lies ahead if we don 't speak up . Mr. Verta and his friends here are the only hope for the future ... ( GUNSHOT ) ( GASPS ) ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) No more talking heads . ( GROANS ) Oh , he 'll live . For a while . You might want to block up that hole . Not you . When I watch your show , I 'm ashamed for you . For all your viewers . No awareness , no analysis , just reactionary opinions . You are part of the problem . A pretty , ( PHONE RINGING ) empty Puppet . ( SOBBING ) Leading everyone on a merry dance . ( PHONE CONTINUES RINGING ) Tell Fonnegra he doesn 't have much time . CARLOS : Travis ? ( DOOR CLOSES ) ( GRUNTING ) Are all the hostages still alive ? For now , but the clock is ticking . Full access to those satellites in 15 minutes or I 'll shoot Miss Bolton next as a sign of my resolve . Travis , we 're working on getting you the codes , but it 's slow going . The company doesn 't want to give them up . Save the negotiator cliches , Fonnegra . Stalling is only going to lead to something terminal . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Yeah . KIERA : I 'm in . All right , good . Keep me apprised step by step . Roger that I think I know why the network isn 't releasing access to the satellites . That whole conglomerate was bought out in 2010 by Fermitas . The weapons-maker owns Channel One ? Diana Bolton ran a huge expose on Fermitas a couple years ago . Fermitas announced an intention to sue ' then dropped the suit . People figured it was because it wasn 't winnable , but really ... If you can 't muzzle the press , then you buy them . Private acquisition . Private acquisition ? So nobody knows ? Lucas might have found out . Did he ? Not from me , I swear it . What 's your twenty ? Security room , watching Travis and Lucas storm the castle . All this effort to broadcast a manifesto ? Well , here 's some breaking news for you . Fermitas owns the station . Private buying private . The safety deposit boxes . That 's how Liber8 found out about the sale . Garza and Sonya aren 't here . What , two-prong attack ? Makes sense . MAN : Carlos ? Stay in touch . MAN : We have a problem . My men are inside but access to the studio is rigged with explosives . Bomb squad ? We 've never seen anything like it . Sir , the corporate rep is here . Give me a second . You Benedict ? Yes . Fermitas ? Yes . Good . One man has been shot and there will be others unless we give Liber8 at least part of what they demanded . Terrorists want the codes to the station 's satellite . Detective , I 'm sorry , the company has a strict policy against negotiating with terrorists . So you 're perfectly content with being accomplices to murder ? That is Fermitas' business , isn 't it ? I don 't want to waste your time . Liber8 emptied at least one Fermitas safety deposit box . This could be an opportunity for you to retrieve that information . Otherwise , Liber8 still has whatever it is that you lost , and they will use it . It 's like baiting a hook . Yeah , we got a problem . They 're not gonna go for it . ( PAINFUL GROANS ) ( GRUNTS ) You keep me as collateral and everybody else walks . No deal . What do you think happens next , Inspector ? ( PHONE RINGING ) CARLOS : What 's happening , Travis ? Nothing good . The satellite . You have access . Transponder codes are being fed to you now . Live to lie another day . You okay ? No , I 'm not . I even feel badly for Nigel . That 's how I know I 'm a wreck . Good to go . Re-tasking the satellite will take 20 minutes . WOMAN : Okay . We 're live in three , two ... Most of you think you know me . Travis Verta . Liber8 . Killer . Terrorist . Lunatic . And nowhere I am , interrupting your programming . But some programming needs to be interrupted . Companies we used to own , own us . Governments that used to be voted in , are bought . And our supposedly free press who could expose all this are now owned by these very corporations . Our children 's lives are at stake . The future is coming . It wants only one thing from them . Obedience . ALEC : That doesn 't look good . TRAVIS : And how 're they gonna get this ? It 's not . Lucas added some 2077 into the equation . Alec , your timing couldn 't be better . Can you have the SadTech servers run an IED bomb search , wiring schematics ... I 'm in my office at Piron . Of course . Of course you are . You thought I was other me , didn 't you ? You knew . I was hoping you didn 't , but ... I wish I was surprised . Alec , I needed to protect you , and I thought this was the best ... Everyone 's trying to protect me , but you scratch that protection and it 's self-interest underneath . Alec , I trust you . I know you . The other one betrayed me . How ? I want to make it up to you , and I will . But right now , people 's lives are at stake . I thought we were friends , but I guess we were just business . But that 's okay , I 'm learning a lot in business . No . No , Alec , it was never business . Never . Well , it is now . You know , once a partner betrays you there 's only two choices . Buy them out , or shut them down . I 'm sorry . Green wire . Wha ... What ? Good-bye , Kiera . No , Alec . Alec ? Whoa , leave it alone . What is it ? It 's just something I 'm working on for Kiera . I could use one of those . I thought whiskey wasn 't your thing . Yeah , I 'm evolving . ( SNICKERS ) I 'm experiencing some profound déjà vu . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Seriously ? That scotch is older than you are . Déjà vu how ? Come on , kid . It 's me . My vision 's better than 20 / 20 . Even when I am seeing double . Did you even have a plan ? Chronologically speaking . You 're a time-traveler , kid . You scaled Everest . Explored the Marianas Trench . One giant step for mankind . A brave new world , and ... You did it all for what ? Pussy ? What ? I never expected you to have any empathy or decency . Not on that timeline or on this one . Well , that 's good ' cause you 'll never be disappointed . Unlike me . You remember when we used to have ARC ? A functioning partnership ? A future ? This little do-over of yours ruined my life . Yeah , well , then it hasn 't been in vain . Nobody 's life needs to be ruined . That just depends on what you 're capable of . Kid , I 'm flattered . But I 'm not the only one you 're dancing with . And you haven 't even begun to see Emily 's do-si-do . CARLOS : He gave us the codes . BETTY : The codes might allow for some control of the satellite , but not outbound communication or the downlink . Nobody is gonna see Travis ' broadcast . If he figures that out ... He 'll think we played him . Your codes were bullshit , but the corpses of those innocent people will be real . And that 's on you and your company . We have private forces . Mercenaries . Allow us to assist you . No , no . That 's never gonna happen . CARLOS : Any luck ? I hope so . ( SIGHS ) Okay , it 's neutralized . Standby for ERT . Send them in . CARLOS : We need a diversion in one minute . The codes are incomplete . There 's no phase two without them . Your friends outside don 't seem to think I 'm serious . Let 's wake them up . Stand them all up , make them face the wall . MAN : Come on ! Move it ! Don 't do this . It 's already done . MAN : No talking . Full access to that satellite right now , or I start dropping bodies . Dillon 's first . Now , or never . ( ALARM BLARING ) Send them in ! Team one , go ! Go ! ( ALARM BLARING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( GUNSHOTS ) Find them . Kill them My NASA source helped me hack the codes . It should allow for full data routing to the satellite . CARLOS : Betty ? I know you can get ahold of Lucas . Carlos ... Send him those codes , now ! Or they all start dying . ( GUNSHOT ) MAN : Tango down . DILLON : Friendlies ! You 've got two friendlies here ! ( COUGHS ) ( ALARM BLARING ) Wait ! Our friend sent the full codes , I can get sub-system access now . Is this another trick ? No . Protocols are good , up-linking between satellites . Garza . You 're clear . Let 's go . We 've got 90 seconds . Go ! MAN : Team two , sitrep ? Closing on studio . Every one of us is under constant surveillance . Team one , sitrep ? What that means is that our every utterance becomes part of a court case that can be used against us when the government , or a company like Fermitas , decides we 're too much trouble . ( LOUD SOUND WAVE ) ( PAINFUL GRUNTS ) Ugh ! ( SOUND WAVE STOPS ) Move ! Coming through ! We got ' em ! Four here . JASMINE : Give me the drive ! ( REVVING MOTORCYCLE ) ( TIRES SCREECH ) Any word from Garza ? It turns out you were right . Fermitas has been spying on most of the other big corporations . She 's pulled a drive with a treasure trove of espionage that should make bringing down the Corporate Congress much easier . Including Piron ? Alec Sadler won 't know what hit him . That 's what I like to hear . You 'll also be happy to know that your message made it onto the airwaves . Let 's hope someone 's listening . He does not look happy . CARLOS : Oh , he is not . Betty leaned on someone at NASA . Liber8 unlocked one satellite to get to another . To what end ? Well , Fermitas has an isolated server farm called Black Opal . There 's no hard lines in or out , there 's no links to the outside world except ... Via satellite . So it 's silo 'd off from the world . Another safety deposit box . You should have come clean about Black Opal . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Liber8 is clever . You cannot fight them unless you know their end game . What did they get ? You did a great job here tonight , officers . Maybe we should just skip to the end when they start calling us protectors . You know we wouldn 't have saved those hostages if it hadn 't have been for Betty . She made all the difference . She made us play into Liber8 's hands . Until she helps us nail those bastards , I can 't look past that . DIANA : The terrorists won a small victory by getting their delusional rant to air , they did not defeat anyone . One man deserves credit for embodying the best that we can be . Inspector Jack Dillon . He saved my life , and those of my colleagues . And for that , I will be eternally grateful . Thank you , Jack . Your courage inspires us alt . I think someone has a bit of a crush . ( SCOFFS ) Yeah , he could use a little silver lining . He got that already . There were two heroes last night , Dillon and you . You are a leader of men , Carlos Fonnegra . Yeah , men . I followed your orders to create that diversion . Maybe there 's a little hope for you after all . Mom 's gonna pay my bail . I shouldn 't even be here . Let me have a moment with my daughter . Tell Chapman to cut the recording . Okay , we 're secure . How 's your arm ? Mmm . It 's nothing . You 're so hard-core , Dad . ( CHUCKLES ) Are you sure about this ? It 's too late now . No , it 's not . Dad , the course is set . So how 's this gonna work ? I 've used my influence to push fora lighter sentence . Three months should do it . You sure they 'll come for me ? Sympathetic daughter of the guy in charge of catching them ? You 're like candy on a stick . Sweetheart , you make Liber8 believe that you support their cause , you get inside , and , once you 're there , we will bring them down together . What he said on that broadcast , I do agree with some of it . That 's good . It 'll protect you if you believe it . Just don 't go all Patty Hearst on me , okay ? Who ? ( LAUGHS ) I know who she is , I won 't . I believe in you , Dad . Okay . I 'm gonna walk out of here now . You should really let me have it . You son of a bitch ! I hate you , you hear me ? I hate you ! How can you do this to me ? What kind of father are you ? That 's a hell of a sacrifice . Doing the right thing doesn 't come cheap . Sir ? She may mean that now , but she is your child . In time , you will get her back . What do you know about it ? They 'll be coming for me soon . But I 'm gonna see you again , right ? I love you , baby . But sometimes in life you 've gotta make sacrifices . But you know the good thing ? We 're doing this together . It 's the only way you and Mommy can truly be safe . Loyal , after all . Do you know what we call citizens who help us apprehend terrorists ? No ? Patriots . This pin will let everyone know how special and loyal you truly are . It 's a mark of honor . You should be very proud . ( SOBBING ) It 's okay , baby . It 's okay . You did the right thing . You did the right thing . Ripped By mstoll
