 KIERA : Previously on Continuum ... Who killed me ? SCAR ALEC : I 'm the one that risked everything to come back for you . He doesn 't know , but I 'm leaving that decision up to you , okay ? You 're in control . KIERA : The dead man tells me I 'm going to get some answers . Curtis is of the opinion I 'm wasting my time with you . Okay , I 'll keep working on the CMR playback of your murder remotely . Don 't worry , Kiera , we 'll find your killer . ALEC : I inherited Piron . ALEC : The heart is a feeble instrument . Easily fooled . EMILY : You haven 't met that part of yourself yet . The part that will do anything to survive . It 's him . When did I become such a dick ? KIERA : I needed to protect you and I thought ... Everyone is trying to protect me , but you scratch that protection and it 's self-interest underneath . KIERA : Alec , I trust you . The other one betrayed me . Why are you here ? Emily . I choose you . ( PEOPLE MOANING ) ( PEOPLE COUGHING ) Patient Alpha Bravo 3-2-7 . Code 6 termination . Inform next of kin . Tariq ? Help me . ( GROANS ) It 's okay , Kiera . Here . ( GROGGILY ) Neural spray is useless . And you know it . It barely numbs the pain . They 're close on an antidote . False hope isn 't relief . Kiera . ( WHISPERING ) You ... You can help me ! You know you can , please . You just have to be brave . I know what you 're asking . I can 't . Don 't . The remedy is on its way . ( SOBBING ) You tell my family I had no other choice . You hear me ? I had no other choice . ( DOOR OPENING ) It 's here . Kiera , It 's here ! Don 't lie to me . I swear ! The cure is here . Look . ( KIERA SOBBING ) Ripped By mstoll ( CRYING ) Help me . It 's like watching pixels dry . This is the holy be all and end all of " does not compute . " Okay , well , what 's the basic problem ? Well , besides the heavily damaged stream , let 's see , we have software-interpolating noise as signal , signal as gack . Two identical CM R 's stacked on top of each other , so the program thinks it 's impossible , which it is . The analytical algorithms keep throwing up . I 'm looking over my shoulder every day for someone who might want to kill me twice . If I could go any faster , I ... I mean , really , why wouldn 't I ? I 'm sorry . You 're right . I 'm the time traveling grim reaper . Everything I touch turns to death . Emily 's alive . Yeah , for now . What if time self-corrects ? I mean , not to get all Rod Serling over here , but what if all I 've done was just throw in a few more people into the gears while playing God ? You know I have to leave , Kiera . Me and Emily . It 's ... It 's the only option . Where will you go ? I don 't know . It doesn 't matter . I just ... I don 't want to become that Alec . I don 't want to be like him in 2077 . I can 't keep hurting people . That 's good to know . You know , sometimes you look at me and I get this horror movie chill . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'll make sure everything keeps running and have it uploaded to your CMR directly once it 's finished . Thanks . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) It 's like listening to 16 channels at once . Well , maybe he 's not as important as you think . He is important His revelation ... CURTIS : Was a miss . He knew nothing about Cameron joining us , so how much of a revelation was it ? How useful is he ? Until we understand what 's inside him , he 's not going anywhere . From the moment you arrived we both knew the task you 'd been set . I 've been patient Hopeful that the path would reveal itself . It hasn 't Yet the continuum must be preserved . You know firsthand the consequences of an unstable timeline . You have to choose now . I need more time . Just ... Just a little more time . You 're bargaining , Kiera . The damage to the timeline can ripple out slowly , but we must act before that ripple becomes a storm . And act decisively . Without mercy , you mean . No , Kiera . With mercy . And compassion . For all those who will be affected . You are talking about killing Alec . And an Alec . You want certainty . Facts that prove you 're making the right choice . We don 't have that . But there 's a sense . There 's a clarity that comes . You guess . We rely on science as much as we can , but faith always plays its part in the end . Whether he pulled the trigger or not , time traveling Alec Sadler caused your death . His actions led to the murder of Escher , his own father . Alec is ready to renounce his future . Escape with Emily and never come back . Wouldn 't that suffice ? Does that sound like the Alec Sadler who ensures our future comes to pass ? Rejoice , Kiera ! He 's making the decision for you . Now is the time , but if you feel you can 't handle this ... It 's a terrible idea . Kellog has money and resources and he 's shady as hell . He 'll know how to help us disappear . He 's never helped anyone where it didn 't benefit him more . What are you gonna have to do for him ? Whatever it takes . Don 't say that . You make a handshake deal with Matthew Kellog , better make sure you have all your fingers afterwards . You 're overstating it . We need to get Escher 's file on me before we go anywhere . If we can go anywhere . He had me under his thumb . I don 't want to give the other guy that power . He 's already leaked some of your files to the VP D. How much more could there be ? Oh . Let 's go in the dark net . Find a way there . No offense , but at least Kellog is a devil I know . There 's no way in hell I 'm poking under that rock . You come up with something then . You got papers ? ( SCOFFS ) Admin never has their shit together . Go ahead . Thank you . Compounds a match . It 's what we 're here for . Locked . Locked ! ( ALARM BLARING ) MAN : ( ON PA ) Evacuate . Evacuate the building . There is a dangerous chemical leak . Evacuate . Evacuate . Evacuate the building . There is a dangerous chemical leak . Evacuate . Hey , you two . There is a chemical leak ! You have to evacuate right now ... Whoa ! Leave . Okay man , take it easy ! I 'm sorry ! Evacuate . Let 's finish up ! Copy that ! Evacuate . Evacuate the building . There is a dangerous chemical leak . Evacuate . Lucas , we 're inbound with the payload . This is Jim at Gate B. We have a truck approaching quickly . I need assistance ! I repeat , I need assistance ! Whoa ! So , security camera 's footage positively ID 'd Travis Verta . It was like , he wanted to be sure that we knew it was him . What would Liber8 want with a truck full of Sonmanto chemicals ? Maybe they 're back in the drug game . They changed tack and gained ground . Why switch up the Robin Hood act now ? I don 't know . Bet you 20 bucks it has something to do with this guy . KIERA : Mr. Richardson ! Surprised to see you here . And I 'm surprised to see VPD 's Terrorist Task Force responding to a false alarm . Liber8 infiltrates a chemical plant and makes no attempt to conceal their identity . Oh , yeah , nothing suspicious there . Nothing was stolen . Just like the safety deposit boxes ? Our staff has already conducted an extensive inventory . Nothing 's missing . And security has confirmed not a single sensitive area was breached . Yeah , well , we 'll still need to investigate . We can start with the witnesses . I expect no less . Hey , Betty . Hey , check and see if any tanker trucks have been reported stolen . Mr. Richardson tells us you surprised the thieves . That 's correct . They pulled in , I realized their papers were falsified and I rang the alarm . Then why were you wearing a gas mask ? It was a stressful situation . We gave him some oxygen . Now , if you have no further questions ... Do you have any idea what they were after ? Fortunately , for all of us , there 's nothing here that would have been useful to them . And I think Frank here has been through enough . You 're right . I apologize . If you think of anything else . Now I 'd like to see those tanks . ( SIGHS ) Of course . ALEC : HALO will take Piron to the next level . It will change everything ! It 's like a health monitor , but it 's so much more than that . You wear it on your wrist and it can tell you everything . I mean , it can tell you if ... lt 's all right . Just wait a second . You said you never wanted to see me again . I 'm trying to make sure you don 't . Convicted felons can 't travel internationally . They can when wounded ex-boyfriends get out of their way . How is life with the romantic time-traveling me ? Enjoying your stay at the honeymoon suite at the Bedbug Motel ? Do you know which one of us you 're punishing ? I like you on a leash , Emily . It keeps him in line as well . Hey ! ( GRUNTS ) You 've read my file . You know what I 've done . What I 'm capable of . Cut us loose or next time I cut you . Leashes break , Alec . CARLOS : This plant mostly makes agricultural products . Herbicides . Fertilizers . Not even the weapons-grade ammonium nitrate stuff . KIERA : In my time , Sonmanto grows food . Develops medicines , vaccines . Even saved my life once . Mr. Richardson , what 's in these tanks ? Uh , waste . We ship it out bi-weekly . What kind of waste ? By-product of an experimental high-yield agent . It 's completely benign . Would you like the patent number ? Is it included in your inventory ? No . There are a couple of apple cores probably in recycling box two , so long as we 're being thorough . Mr. Richardson , I 'm gonna need to see security footage from the break-in . Certainly . Alec , are you there ? I need your help . ( PHONE runes ) ( BEEPS ) ( TEXT ALERT BEEPS ) ( SIGHS ) ( BEEPS ) What kind of waste ? I have a chemical trace signature . Can you analyze it ? All right , send it over . You should have called the other guy . I wanted to talk to you . Explain everything that 's been going on . It 's a mix of different chemicals . Usually found in crop cultivation . Can you tell me if it 's dangerous ? You never know what 's dangerous until you do . Alec , I had to figure out who ... If he ... Kiera , listen . These chemicals that you found , the waste , if it 's mixed with hydrogen sulfide gas and manganese dioxide , the effects on the human body could be catastrophic . Are these compounds hard to get ? Not at all . If you can 't buy straight-up sulfide dioxide , you can make it with insect repellant and toilet cleaner . Manganese dioxide is found in most household batteries . Mix that with the waste and you 've got a bio-weapon . A truck full of this stuff and the right equipment and you 've got the mother of all chemical weapons . Liber8 's gonna poison the whole city . We need to find an antidote . You know there 's a difference between predictive modeling and actual hard science . We don 't have time for tests , Alec . We have to act fast in case Liber8 does . All right , Piron has chemists , I can task them with this . ( SIGHS ) Thank you , Alec . I 'm not doing it for you . I don 't care who you 're doing it for . I 'm just glad you 're here , that 's all . I 'll be in touch . Okay , there 's the truck pulling in . ( PHONE VIBRATES ) Well , you sure scared ' em away . Betty never got a hit on any truck . We have to find out where they went before it 's too late . Too late for what ? Your harmless waste can be weaponized . So elegant , yet so deadly . It 's deadly ? Right now ? Not yet . Not until it 's mixed with the activator and exposed to air . ( PHONE RINGING ) It 's not a good time . Alec , we 've got Liber8 on the run with biochemical waste and a stolen tanker truck . I 'm not sure I 'm your guy . You have to be . The other one is already working on an antidote if worse comes to worst . ( SIGHS ) So , two Alecs are better than one . Finally . Assuming you 've scanned police reports ? We have , it 's ongoing . Nothing yet . Let me see what I can find . ( BEEPING ) Three drops will do . Will do what ? Well , it 'll kill you , me , Travis . Him , too . So , don 't expose it to air ? Good thing you 're here . Chuck 's ticking . Let 's go . I found something . Liber8 must have scrubbed all identifying marks from the trucks . There 's a residue of an aerial ID number . Cross-referencing now . Evergreen Petroleum owns that hazmat tanker . That 's weird . Why wouldn 't they report it stolen ? We 'll find out . Thanks , Alec . Kiera , before you go , I just wanted to say ... Goodbye . Hey . So , the missing truck belongs to Ever ... Evergreen Petroleum . Yeah . I know . I asked you to look into that truck two and a half hours ago . Sadler found it in five minutes and four mouse clicks . You playing games , Betty ? Are you accusing me of ... Giving Liber8 more time to getaway ? Yes . I am . Carlos . Easy . You 've got a man on me . Check my work . Seventeen companies in the Lower Mainland running the kind of truck you specified . I called every one of them . Evergreen was fourth . And what 'd they tell you ? That nothing was missing . Then a warehouse manager found a GPS unit lying on the ground at a loading dock in Ladner . Liber8 was smart , they knew how to disconnect it . That was half an hour ago . All right . Carlos ... I 'm not finished . I called hospitals looking for the driver . He was at Delta Hospital with a concussion . He never saw who jumped him , but his cell phone was left in the glove compartment . Still on ? Yes . Can I get back to tracking the phone 's GPS now ? That 's what I was coming to tell you . Yeah . I 've narrowed it to a 15-block radius in East Vancouver . I 'm gonna cross-reference it with other providers , but I should have a fix in seven , maybe eight minutes . Okay , alert ERT and send it to the car . And , Betty ? As soon as I 've got it , you 've got it . You might want to lose the attitude . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) I was hoping for a quieter approach . Yeah , well , invisible Kiera 's kinda hard to explain to a dozen witnesses . Given what we might be up against in there , I think caution is the best option . ( SIGHS ) You know , for show . Police ! Freeze ! Move ! Get out of here ! ( SCREAMS ) Don 't . Liber8 yourself . ( GLASS SHATTERING ) No ! ( GRUNTS ) Out ! Everybody get out , now ! Run ! ( GAGGING ) Kiera ! ( PANTING ) ( KIERA COUGHS ) Kiera . ( SIRENS BLARING ) ( SIGHS ) You are lucky to be alive . What about the ERT ? They 're all accounted for , but the perps are all dead . Maybe that super suit of yours comes with nine lives . What are we missing here ? Not sure . You know , maybe , Alec could help . Or Alec could help . They 're both helping already . ( SIGHS ) Double-team . Fantastic . Somethings up , Carlos , ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Travis and Sonya are long gone . Presumably , with the weapon . ( CELL PHONE CONTINUES RING ) It 's Betty . Hey , what 's up ? BETTY : ( ON PHONE ) We 've got a situation developing at the Sonmanto corporate headquarters . Looks like we 've got our answer . Thanks . Okay , it 'll take half an hour to get to the farm . Once he realizes that Mom didn 't call , it 'll be too late . You get in and out as fast as you can . Don 't be a hero . Get what Kellog wants , we meet back at the rendezvous . We go to him together . Then we leave for good . Okay , got it . Look , if something goes wrong ... It won 't . But if it does ... We talked about this . Just don 't let him catch you . Catch who ? I 'll see you soon . You will . Good afternoon , Mr. Sadler . Mr. Sadler ! Are you forgetting something ? We have the new protocol now , sir ? ( BEEPS ) Keep up the good work . Alec , I 'm gonna put you on speaker . What have you got ? My chemists say the sequencing is slow . I 'm throwing teraflops of power at it . There 's no good news yet . I had the ME send you a file on one of the gas victims . Did you get it ? Yeah , it went out to my team . They say it presents like a neurotoxin that 's targeting the circulatory system . And these veins ? They 're like something from a Japanese horror movie . Purple veins ? Yeah , just bursting through his skin , all over his body . Solution 16 . It 's a battleground poison used in the frontier wars of 2066 . I may know what this is . What , chemical weapons are legal in the future ? They 're effective . They get used . ( SCOFFS ) So Liber8 's figured out how to manufacture it using Sonmanto 's waste chemicals ? And that 's why we need the antidote , Alec . We don 't have much time . Kiera , I 'll notify you when I have something . Turn the car around . The press was tipped off . Bet that 's our missing chemical waste . We need to clear the area . If they decide to trigger an explosion , there won 't be anywhere to hide . Can somebody please explain to me why there 's a media circus here ahead of this department ? # Liber8 Exposes . They 're tweeting this ? Over 200 , 000 followers . Liber8 theatrics . To what end ? Why go to all this trouble and then just ditch the truck here ? The symbolism . They 're dropping toxic waste that can be weaponized on Sonmanto 's doorstep . Ladies and gentlemen of the press , my name is Gord Solomon and I am the legal representative for the group known as Liber8 . All right , that 's it . No , hold on . Let 's see what he 's up to . Inside this truck , is a chemical waste by-product . Although you wouldn 't want to spread it on your vegetable patch , in its current state , it 's benign . But if you simply add a few common household chemicals to this Sonmanto drudge , it becomes a poisonous gas that could be used in chemical attacks . Easy , Agent Cameron . You don 't want to ... Oh ! You getting this ? I have a message for you . They said you would know , and I quote , " the future ramifications of this . " You 're an errand boy for terrorists . Liber8 wants you all to know that Sonmanto is creating a dangerous weapon for use in a chemical attack ! That is Liber8 's handiwork ! Sonmanto is well aware of the potential for weaponization . In fact , they 're already profiting from this stuff . Let 's get Mr. Solomon out of here and please , let 's move the press back . Can these accusations be proven ? You 're the so-called free press ! Find out for yourselves ! SOLOMON : Liber8 believes in freedom of information . Stand down . SOLOMON : Freedom of information . Hey , you okay ? I survived the warehouse because I 'm immunized . Tens of thousands of people . My friends died in agony . Sonmanto created the cure . Don 't tell me they also made the ... Let 's get you out of here . I was in combat when that chemical was used against my platoon . It was the most excruciating pain I 've ever felt . And Sonmanto saved me when I thought I was past saving . Liber8 knows that But they think they know something more . Remember when Richardson insisted that Sonmanto hadn 't lost anything in those safety deposit heists ? Well , what if this kind of information is exactly what they lost ? What do you mean ? Well , corporations spy on other corporations all the time , right ? Well , Liber8 broke into those boxes . What if they stole all that espionage ? It would explain why they went after the Fermitas server as well . In this time , companies are still in competition . There is no Corporate Congress . That 's what Liber8 is trying to stop . ( SCOFFS ) And we can 't prove any of it . Hold on . Alec ? KIERA : t 's about chemical waste . ( SIGHS ) What about it ? Is there any way to find out if Sonmanto has weaponized it ? I thought you needed a cure ? I need both . But you can wait for this though , right ? You mean wait until it 's actually used on somebody ? All right , let 's see . Wow ! It 's like Spy vs. Spy . Piron has files on everyone here . Anything on Derek Richardson or Sonmanto ? Let me see . Richardson went to Dubai . Oh , wow . Uh , you 're gonna want to read this , though . I 'll send it to your CMR . Can you send it to Carlos as well ? Yeah , you got it . You asshole . You can 't stop stealing from me . ALEC : First you steal my life , now you 're stealing my files ? Alec ? Alec ? SCAR ALEC : Back off ! Carlos , I have to go . Yeah . Holy shit . We 've got Liber8 calling us the bad guys . It 's like we 're in ... What 's that Superman thing ? Bizarro World . Where good is bad , bad is good . That 's it , Detective . But in this world , you said your company had no idea about the possible weaponization of your waste material . That 's right . Then , why were you meeting with Chechen separatists in Dubai three months ago ? I was in Dubai for a bioengineering conference . And I had no such meetings . So , cryptic communication between you and Jihadi leadership ? That 's not true either ? ( REPORTERS CHATTERING ) Definitely not . When were you planning on selling the antidote ? Or were you just gonna hold out for a better price ? You are siding with terrorists and their lies , Officer . I 'm siding with the truth . For once , Liber8 did a little good . They lifted up the mat , and you crawled out . I 'm taking you in . What are you taking from me now ? All you have to do is let us go . I 'm not stopping you . Emily has a warrant . She can 't leave because of it . I can 't have any access to my bank accounts . My accounts ! We can 't get passports . And it 's against the law to get a fake passport . Look at you , what she 's turned you into . This isn 't us . Look , just let me walk out of here . It 's gonna be impossible to explain anything else . Well , it seems possible to explain anything when you have enough power and money . You idiot ! You 're still in love with Emily . Hardly . I can access every file in your directory except for the one on her . You have her locked up tight , so yeah , you are . But she 's done with you . What , you think you 're some better version of me ? Alec 2.0 ? There 's nothing stopping me from having you taken away . I can think of a dozen ... No . We 're not that kind of people . You have no idea what kind of people lam . You 're gonna wipe that file right now . ( COMPUTER BEEPS ) All right , I 'm going now . Stay sitting . You know you 're not gonna get out of here . I am . You 're not gonna do it . Like I said , you have no idea . Drop it . Kiera , he trapped Emily and he trapped me . All we want to do is leave . He tried to kill me . He 's twisting everything . He screwed me over . It 's not me . Is he dead ? Sedated . I need to get him out of here quickly and covertly . What are you gonna do with him ? He won 't bother you again . Thank you . I 'm on your side , Alec . You need to know that . All right , yeah , let me know what you find out . Richardson stood pat . ( SIGHS ) Won 't admit to anything and said he 'd take his day in court . Yeah , I 'm good with that . We got enough . Maybe . Sonmanto has deep pockets and the crown attorney has a shallow sack . Richardson and Sonmanto are criminals . They 're selling chemical weapons . I have a more immediate problem with that shit-storm that you created in front of the press . Don 't you mean Kiera 's shit-storm ? When Richardson accused you of siding with Liber8 , he queued up the leading sound bite for tonight 's news . That 's not what I was doing . But that 's how it 's gonna look . You 'll catch up on some paperwork while we wait out this news cycle . What , you got me riding a desk because the wrong people uncovered the truth ? You are a public servant . You chase down criminals . You don 't suggest they might be right . About anything . Freedom of speech ! You have it . You just don 't get to practice it in front of the cameras . ( SIGHS ) Of all the corporate hypocrites , Sonmanto might be the worst . They even had me fooled . Well , that 's part of the victory . Sonmanto won 't be seen as the hero . Not in this time . Not ever . We changed history , baby . Yeah , well , they 're still gonna be making that poison . People are still gonna die . No . They 're not . Because we 're gonna beat them to the antidote by 50 years . Roll up your sleeve . Why ? During the war , when Sonmanto finally released a remedy for 16 , like all military personnel you got the shot , right ? Yeah . Eventually . Standard procedure . Which means , the antivirus is still in your system . And we 're gonna be giving it away for free . This is as far as you go . Where are you taking him ? You already know . ( VIBRATING ) No . Kiera . Kiera ! Why are you bringing him to me ? You wanted him neutralized . I got him off the street . He doesn 't have to die . Then you 're sure this is the right choice ? He 's admitted he doesn 't want to pursue his destiny . He 's turned violent . Obsessive . What happens to him now ? I know sacrifices are hard , Kiera , but eventually we all have to make them . There is a big difference between sacrifice and betrayal . We may not have been seeing eye-to-eye , but I just betrayed my friend . A friend who betrayed you first . He was following his heart . Something I should do more often . I almost forgot Does this mean we 're done ? I 'd hoped we were sealing a trust . There 's still work to do . Liber8 is still in play . And we have to find the other time device . Which we should discover soon enough . When you were CPS , it felt good to be a part of something , didn 't it ? Yes . The VPD can never be that for you . ( BEEPING ) But you could have a home , here with us . Kiera ? Kiera , what 's wrong ? I knew it . I knew it ! ( GRUNTS ) ( LAUGHING ) Kiera ! Are you behind this ? Behind what ? Have you lost your mind ? What are you doing ? Curtis is the one that killed me . And now I 'm gonna return the favor . Kiera you have to stop . This is crazy . Is that true , Curtis ? Are you a freelancing freelancer ? I 've never found you funny . Ripped By mstoll
