 Previously on Continuum ... Millions will respect your name . Rot in hell . ( Gunshots ) Carlos ! ( Groans ) How is that mayoral campaign coming ? Just kicked into high gear , now that election is right around the corner . I guess I have you to thank for that . I go on trial in a few weeks , I think we know how that 'll turn out . You have a destiny to fulfil . I don 't think our methods are compatible . I 'm sure you can talk to your Mr. Escher and let him know that I 'm one of the good guys . Tell me everything . My name is Kiera Cameron . And I came here from the year 2077 . It 's time , Theseus . On your feet . Let 's go . ( Chanting ) Theseus . 2077 . My time . My city . My family . When terrorists killed thousands of innocents , they were condemned to die . They had other plans . Atime travel device sent us all back 65 years . I want to get home , but I can 't be sure what I will return to if history is changed . Their plan ? To corrupt and control the present in order to win the future . What they didn 't plan on , was me . Elena was braver than me . Why do you say that ? She made a life for herself in this time . Committed . Forged connections . You made connections . I know . That 's odd ... What 's up ? Hopefully nothing . Someone removed Elena 's body ! What ? How do you know that ? The same way I know that your heart rate right now is 55 and your BP is 110 over 80 . Right , gotta get used to that chip in your head . Multi-spectrum nano-sensor . It 's ... Why would somebody want to steal a corpse ? Only someone that knew she was a time traveller would have done this . Whoever it was went through a lot of trouble to cover this up . Shit , I gotta get to court . What 're you gonna do ? Bodies from the future being snatched ? I 've got an idea of two more that might be next in line . Excuse me . ( crash sounds ) Agent Cameron . Never sneak up on someone in the morgue , it 's like the number one rule . I 'm sorry . It 's okay . You hear about Jowarski and Chen ? Ye ... Yes . Don 't worry , it 's all been taken care of . What 's been taken care of ? The paperwork . Don 't you guys communicate ? Agent ... Warren signed the bodies out yesterday . The bodies are gone ? Shipped . Remind me . Agent Warren ? Section Six ? Carlos ? Jim . Pretty tense around here . Lots of people still stunned by Julian Randol 's sentence ... if you can call time served plus three months a sentence . Kinda hard to pin a terrorism charge on a kid driving a van full of empty barrels . Sounds like you sympathize . Not at all . Julian Randol was willing to kill hundreds of people . Hopefully the attempted murder charge will stick . Maybe the only way this city gets any justice . He shot me . That 's a fact . Shooting a cop carries heavy freight , whether you kill him or just wound him . Excuse me . I let you down , I know that . I can 't change the past , but I 'm here hoping to change the future . Oh , really ? You 're going to try and politic me ? Carlos , I want to win this . I see a way to bring the factions together , to bring this city back together . The people want a mayor that works for their interests , not his own . It 's about trust . I 'll earn the respect . Well , don 't tell us . Show us . Alec ! Shit ! Did I interrupt something ? I am about to revolutionize quantum computing with that little slice of heaven you just gave me ! Someone claiming to be Section Six just took two Liber8 bodies from the morgue . Jowarski and Chen ? What ? How ? Elena 's body has also been moved so please , Alec , I need you to ... Is something wrong , Agent Cameron ? What do you want , Gardiner ? Seems all the people in your life share your mysterious past and then vanish just as mysteriously . What are you talking about ? Your friend , Elena . I saw you and Carlos at the grave today , it got me thinking ... I 'm going to have my people recover the casket . You got a problem with that ? No . It 's a good idea . Really ? Yeah , I had a feeling something was up , so I 'd like to know what you find out . That 's it ? Now that you mention it , someone impersonating Section Six was here . Yeah , no there is someone impersonating Section Six , I think you and I are just talking about different people . What a dick ! Oh yeah . Whoever it was illegally removed two Liber8 bodies from the morgue . Why don 't you do yourself a favour and help out for a change ? Help you ? You might just find what you 're looking for . Uh ... Kiera , do you think that 's wise ? ( Laughs ) Alright , Cameron , game on . Ah , stay put ! I need access to all your security footage . Come here ! I don 't know why you 're letting Gardiner help you . Give a dog a bone , he 'll chew on it for hours . I 'm VPD . Cordon off the exits ! Move ! Out of my way ! Move , move , move , move ! Move , move ! Out of my way ! Shit . Detective Fonnegra , did you identify yourself as a police officer to Mr. Randol ? To Roland Randol , yes . When we arrived on the scene . What about Julian , or the other boys who showed up that day , did you identify yourself to them ? I don 't recall . You can 't recall something as simple as standard procedure ? Have you ever had a gun pointed at you ? How about three , or four ? Makes it harder to remember the minutiae . Were you wearing a badge , a uniform , anything to distinguish yourself as a police officer ? No . Then it 's only reasonable to assume my client was merely acting in defence of himself and his family that morning against what he perceived to be an armed intruder . Oh , this is horseshit ! Quiet . I 'll remind you , detective , that the kind of language you may be comfortable with at the precinct will get you a contempt charge in my court . ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! Clear the court ! Take the defendant out , now ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! You were going to kill my little girl in that building ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! ( chanting ) Free Julian Randol ! No ! No ! The prosecution 's case is solid . And a guilty verdict is both desired and , in my opinion , the only just way . End quote . How 's that ? Anytime . Yeah , I hope you 're right . But you can still call me Jim . Thanks . Mr. Martin . What do you want ? The mayor in my back pocket would be a good start . Yeah , well I can 't do that . I hear you did , that you were bought and paid for . It 's not true , I 've uh ... I 've been a consultant . Call it what you will , but remember this : Whatever I may lack in Sonya 's financial leverage , I more than make up for in organization . Then you 'll be one of my first targets when I get into office . Sure . Hide your treachery behind a tough on crime agenda . Works for a lot of people . But here 's what works for me . And you 're going to want to get this one right . Keep Sonya 's money , play her game . But every move you make , you gotta run by me first . ( chuckles ) It 's tough being popular . But you 're gonna do this . Because we are everywhere , Mr. Mayor . We can always get to you . You better win ! I 'm counting on you . That was interesting . Yeah , what isn 't these days ? We have a new problem . Sonya was here . In the courthouse ? She slipped away but I know she wouldn 't show her face here unless it was extremely important . Obviously she has her sights set on this trial . I know . At first , I thought it was the protesters , but that little outburst was just spectacle . Not enough for her to stick her neck out . Then what ? There was a juror , extremely anxious , almost catatonic ... You think Sonya got to the juror ? Could be . Julian has a lot of value for Liber8 , they 'll do anything to try to set him free . Turn around . Show your face . Oh , come on . Shit . Shit ! Come on . Smile . Agent Gardner for Kiera Cameron . ( phone ringing ) This is Cameron . Uh , no . Tell him I 'm unavailable . Thanks . Who was that ? Lost dog . No more lies , remember ? Right . Gardiner . I 'm actually using him to help with something . Wow , that 's a neat trick . What 's the angle ? Dead time travellers , mysterious body snatchers , you know , the usual . Sorry I asked . What about our juror ? What did we find out ? Carson Hirsch . Married , with a daughter . Works in real estate , member of the rotary club ... That doesn 't exactly scream Liber8 sympathizer . I agree . Is this where you call Section Six ? Hey Alec ? With you , checking Hirsch and his family . Okay , check this out . There 's been no electrical , internet or telephone use in the Hirsch house in the last ... No internet , electric , or telephone activity in the house in the last 48 hours . No credit card or debit card charges , no cell phone usage . Hold on . This whole time Section Six has been that kid Alec ? Yep . Well , he 's good , I 'll give him that ! What do you make of his info ? We 've got a nervous juror , we got no online presence , no activity at the house ... think they snatched his family ? If Carson 's family has been kidnapped , it could only mean one thing : Sonya is setting up Julian 's trial to fail . Okay . No , no I got it . Thanks Shelley ! So I just got off the phone with my contact at the Ministry of Justice . She said that each of the jurors was given a break before they were sequestered . Our guy Carson used it to check his email . Then we have to find out what was in his inbox . Hey , Alec ? Way ahead of you . One extremely illegal email hack in t-minus now . Oh , this explains so much . If this is the only outside contact Carson had prior to being sequestered , it has to be how they sent the threat . What 's that right there ? Not much for subtlety . Jesus . Can you trace the source of the email ? Alec ? On it . It came from a public hotspot in New West , I can 't track it any further than that . ( Phone vibrating ) Hey , uh , Kiera , I 'm sorry but my mom 's due in court in a few minutes , I said I 'd be there for her . It 's okay , I know you have to go . Thanks , Alec . Any luck ? Look at this . Looks like fiberglass walls , right ? Those are refrigeration pipes , and we 're looking down . That curvature ... this is the hull of a fishing boat . Okay , what kind , and where ? That 's a good question . Hey , Betty ? Can you do me a favour ? I need a list of all of the marinas , the dry docks and marine retailers in the lower mainland . You got it . Thanks . That should get us started . I should probably brief the boss lady . How many boats do you think are moored in Vancouver ? Thousands . Great . We have to inform the court that the jury has been compromised . I wouldn 't do that . Why not ? If the court dismisses the jury for tampering , Carson Hirsch is of no use to Liber8 . His wife and daughter ? As good as dead . Yeah , we need to keep up the illusion that all is well , until we find out where they 're keeping the family . Alright , do it . Find them before it 's over , or I 'll have no choice but to report to the judge . This trial is too important to go off the rails . And what did Detective Fonnegra do next , Mrs. Randol ? Detective Fonnegra became very agitated . He said that Roland was hiding things from him . Julian heard the shouting , and came running . And , when he tried to intervene , that 's when the detective drew his weapon . Julian was only defending himself , he did nothing wrong . Alec ! Alec , wait ! Look , let me explain . Explain what ? Why you lied in a court of law ? That 's perjury , you can go to jail ! You don 't understand . Do you know what you 've done ? I 'm supposed to testify tomorrow . And I 'm not asking you to lie , Alec . Well , if I tell the truth , then I send my mother to jail ! If I lie , then I risk sending us both ! Look , Julian needs our protection , he has no one else ! Julian shot a police officer in cold blood . He tried to blow up a building ! He was ready to do it . He doesn 't deserve our protection . He 's family , Alec . Families do not turn your backs on one another . No , apparently they throw one another to the wolves then fight over the scraps . Alec ! Alec ! Is this going to work ? Only one way to find out . So what is this thing that you 're going to use ? It 's hard to explain . Even I don 't understand it . You 're the one being hooked up to it , don 't you think you should ? After doing some initial tests on that slice you gave me , I realized it has potential to process information faster than any supercomputer on the planet . Alright . Problem is , I haven 't fully tested it yet . I 'm hoping your CMR is advanced enough to shoulder the load so to speak . So how is this going to help us find the family ? The boat ? There are too many images of boats , schematics , and blueprints for my CMR to process . But hooked up to my arc program , and the slice , we should be able to motor through millions of images and thousands of image caches across the web really quickly . I plugged in the dimensions of the ransom video , all we have to do is find a match . Is it safe ? You don 't know . Great . Let 's do it . Alright . Alec , about your mother ... I don 't want to talk about it . I 'm sorry . It wasn 't you . She 's just trying to protect Julian I guess . I don 't condone what she did , but I do ... She lied . She wants that kid out on the street at the expense of public safety . Carlos . Alright , I 'm ready . You ? Okay . You should have full control on your end right ... now . ( Gasping ) What 's happening ? What 's going on ? I 'm fine . It feels amazing ! Actually . Woah . How long is this going to take ? I don 't know , but at the rate we 're going I wouldn 't get too comfortable . That 's an understatement . I mean , the way you 're processing this data , I would say you 're going to find what you 're looking for in ... Got it ! Orca Gilnetter 71 . Well , that 's a start . Nice work ! Rebecca . That protest in the courtroom the best your people could do ? We got their attention . For a minute . You 're going to have to step up your game if this is important to you . I believe in Theseus . In this movement . And I 'm not the only one . There are underground cells everywhere that believe in his message . People need to wake up . Some prefer sleeping . I don 't . The movement requires everything of us . Even sacrifice . Good morning . Good morning . What time is it ? You don 't have to be in court for another couple of hours . Have you thought about what you 're going to say ? It 's going to be okay . It 's not , though . If I tell the truth , then I risk sending my mother to prison for perjury . If I support her ... Shh . You don 't have to think about it right now . I 'm sorry I brought it up . Whatever you decide , there 's no shame in it . You 'll do what you feel is right . I 'll be there to support you . Emily , you know I ... I gotta go . I 'm so sorry I did this ... It 's okay , honestly . No , I gotta get going to work . I got lots to do . I 'm sorry . You don 't have to ... Way to go , genius . Idiot ! Alec ? Alec ? Alec ? Ricky ? If you 're making eggs , I 'm in . Scrambled ... Where 's Alec Sadler ? Who are you ? Just answer the question . Please , I ... he 's not here , I swear ! I don 't know where he is , I 'm telling you the truth . We 'll see . Who are you ? ( Screaming in pain ) Who are you ? Tell me ! Have it your way . It 's me . I need a clean up on location one . Stat . Tell Escher I 've got something he may want to see . From light speed to a crawl . Your future tech wizardry is spoiling me , Cameron . Funny , I just started getting used to the , uh , archaic gumshoeing of yours . Ha , funny . Alec , you got anything ? Nothing . From the look of that boat , it 's been in service since the Jurassic era . Half these record systems are just scanned , unsearchable paper copies with zero filing system . Finding a record online is going to be a miracle . Got anything on our missing family ? Well , we believe they 're being held on a fishing boat that we can only assume is somewhere in the lower mainland . Unfortunately , most of these marinas and boat graveyards don 't have an online presence . It 's mostly scanned paperwork with no organizational system . We can 't call them for fear of tipping off the bad guys so ... just stuck chasing paper . How did you uncover the boat ? Well , we uh ... Carlos had a hunch , so I called a contact of mine at the Coast Guard . We got lucky . Gotta be good to be lucky . You gotta be a pro at that by now . I 've had a lot of practice . It can 't have been easy , lying all the time to protect yourself , protect others . It wasn 't . Wait a minute . I 've got one . Carlos , look at this . Orca Gilnetter 71 . Gotta be good to be lucky . Is that the one ? It could be , I 've got two heat signatures below deck , two more near the bow ... We should flank through there . Well , if there 's two of them on top , they 're going to see us before we get there . Leave that to me . So do all cops look like you in 2077 ? This is CPS standard issue . Sadtech mark four polymeric nano composite body armour with integrated electromagnetic offensive and defensive systems . Police model . Fancy . What kind of mileage does it get ? Uh , 65 years , apparently . You 're not even born yet . Yeah , we 'll talk about this later . So let me get this straight . Theoretically , you 're not born yet , so you could meet baby you . Try not to get hung up on the details . So , when baby you is born , that means old you could actually ... Old ? Well ... I don 't know how any of this is possible . Don 't make me regret telling you this . Drop the gun ! Looks like you missed one . Who the hell are you ? What the hell ? Kiera ? Hey ! That 's a neat trick ! I could get used to that . Looks like we 're in the right place . Morning ! Who are you ? Police . Woah , hey , take it easy . Nobody needs to get hurt . ( Fighting ) New moves ? Nice . You too ! From the evidence ... Don 't worry , you 're safe now . We 'll get you out of there . Mr. Sadler , what is your relationship to the defendant ? He 's my brother . Would you tell the court what transpired leading up to Detective Fonnegra being shot ? Detective Fonnegra and Agent Cameron came to the farm to check on a fertilizer shipment . Roland went to show them what was there , instead of fertilizer there was a van equipped with a bomb . And that 's when Hoyt and the others showed up and they were pointing guns at everyone . What happened next ? Mr. Sadler ? Mr. Sadler ? He shot Detective Fonnegra . He knew he was a cop , and Julian shot him . Court is in recess . Mr. Sadler , you may step down . My chambers immediately . Well , detectives , I 'm not happy about being kept in the dark over matters taking place within my court . However , I understand your position . I 'm sure we can all agree that the safety of the family was paramount , and we thank you both for their rescue . And for preventing a gross miscarriage of justice . We appreciate your understanding . What now ? I wish there was another way , but I 'll have to oversee the remainder as a bench trial . I had to tell the truth . Of course . I 'm glad you did . It was wrong of me to expect you to lie . Why did you ? I 've lost Roland , I 'm losing you , I can 't lose Julian . I 'm sorry , mom . Maybe if I didn 't lock myself away in the barn ... Oh , no , don 't apologize . You 're just like your dad . So curious . Too damn smart for your own good . You 're gonna do great things . I just know it . You have the ability to change the world . Resuming in five minutes . I love you , Alec . Mr. Randol , Please stand . Inmate 74216 Julian Randol . The butcher of New Pemberton , aka Theseus . Shooting a police officer is a serious charge , regardless of intent . The corporate congress judiciary find you guilty of the following charges : High treason , mass murder , civil insurrection . Your actions have resulted in the deaths of millions of innocent people . The facts are irrefutable in this case . You pulled the trigger . You shot Detective Fonnegra . The mandatory sentence for these extreme , violent criminal acts is execution . Despite this , the charge of attempted murder in the second degree is unmerited . In this case the VPD failed to follow proper procedure in identifying themselves to the accused . However , this court does not have the final authority in this matter . This court finds Julian Randol to have been acting in self-defence . Your sentence is to be stayed . I find Mr. Randol not guilty . You will be returned to serve the remainder of your sentence ... You 've got to be kidding me ? ! The remainder of his sentence on charges for which you are currently imprisoned , where after you will be released . That is all . You are to be transferred to corporate detention as ordered by the chairman of superior council . No . No , that 's not the plan . Not him . The people of this city should be outraged . I assure you , if you elect me mayor , I will launch a full investigation into the clear , and obvious corruption of our court system . A dangerous individual like Julian Randol is free to roam the streets ? It 's time for a drastic change . Thank you . Carlos ! What the hell was that , Jim ? I intend to find out . Somebody got to that judge . Well , if that 's true , there will be a trail . We just have to find it . It was probably Liber8 . With the help of somebody on the inside . If we can find him or her , offer some amnesty , who knows ? They could help bring in Liber8 if they felt protected enough . I 'm going to tear this whole thing down . Well , I 'll help you any way I can , but I 'm not in office yet . I have to go . Problems ? No . Groundwork 's been set , Julian won 't have anywhere to hide . I expect he 'll be crawling into your arms in the next couple of weeks when he 's released . Your judge performed brilliantly . We all did . It 's too late for regrets . Who said anything about regret ? The Ministry of Justice is launching a full investigation . Not that it matters . In two weeks , Julian Randol 's a free man . Sonya planned for me to see her at the courthouse . She wanted us to discover the jury tampering so she could manoeuvre the judge into ordering a bench verdict . It doesn 't make any difference , okay ? All she 's doing is stalling justice . With Julian out on probation , it 's only a matter of time until he messes up again . You better believe we 'll be there when he does . Are we getting drunk ? I would love to . I just ... I gotta wait for something . Do you want us to wait for you ? We 'll see you when we see you . It 's about time , Cameron . Nice picture you sent , who is he ? One of your Section Six body snatchers . I put him into our database of over 170 countries . He 's a ghost . Alright , maybe we can ... I tracked that ghost to a car rental agency . There 's only five packing agencies in the lower mainland that use that particular model of compact refrigeration vehicle . And you 've narrowed it down . I 've even got an address . So . Are we gonna do this ? You and me , working together ? Mmm hmm . What have we got to lose ? Can I have a word ? Sheriff , please remove this young lady . I only wanted to thank you for your service . I don 't know what are you talking about ? Your sacrifice for the cause . The movement ? Get her out of here . Ripped By mstoll
