 NARRATOR : Gateways to other dimensions . LOGAN HAWKES : To the Mayans , this represented the passageway to another world . NARRATOR : Hidden dwellings for strange beings . TIM R. SWARTZ : They were the first inhabitants of Planet Earth . NARRATOR : Secret vaults of cosmic knowledge . KEN JEREMIAH : It 's almost as though they 're opening a doorway to communicate with these divine beings . NARRATOR : Since the dawn of man , caves have been a source of great mystery . But could the darkest recesses of our planet really be hiding some mysterious power ? And within their depths , might we find evidence of extraterrestrial visitors ? DAVID CHILDRESS : In some ways , exploring the underground cavern world of Planet Earth is the final frontier . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might there be a connection between aliens and the earth 's forbidden caves ? Central India . July , 2014 . While exploring caves in the region of Charama ... which are known to contain prehistoric artwork dating as far back as 10,000 years ... an Indian archaeologist , J.R. Bhagat , makes a stunning discovery . CHILDRESS : The Indian government and Times of India had a major story about rock paintings found recently in Central India that seem to show these tall beings , and they do not seem to have a nose or a mouth , and nearby is this three-legged disk . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : The Times of India actually proposed the idea , what if what we have depicted here are some type of extraterrestrials or at least some type of flying craft , because it 's the basis for much of the Hindu pantheon of gods . NARRATOR : Ancient Hindu texts like the Vedas and the Puranas record stories about extraterrestrials existing on other planets , and the Mahabharata ... one of ancient India 's two major Sanskrit epics ... contains stories about gods coming to Earth in flying machines . Even the legends specific to this region tell of a mysterious race of beings known as the " rohela " who descended from the sky and abducted local villagers . Could the newly unearthed cave art be a visual record that extraterrestrials really visited here ? GEORGE NOORY : There was an obsession of ancient human beings to depict things that they saw , and I think they did it with carvings on caves because that 's what they saw . NARRATOR : But what is it about caves that made them the ideal canvases for ancient peoples to chronicle their experiences ? WILLIAM HENRY : Caves are hugely significant in ancient mythology and legends , especially about the gods . They seem to be a kind of a luminal point , a boundary place where the gods and humans can meet . CHILDRESS : There is a whole hidden underground world of Planet Earth that we 're only just now beginning to discover , and we don 't know what 's there . We could be discovering all kinds of amazing things , and it 's possible that there are entire cities under the earth . Whole cavern metropolises that are talked about in legends . NARRATOR : But while ancient cave art often reveals the type of animals our earliest ancestors encountered and their means for hunting them , there is a surprising number of depictions of strange-looking figures and objects that defy any conventional explanation . NICK REDFERN : In Australia , the Wondjina people , they painted images on their caves which eerily looks like the so-called Greys of alien abduction lore today . CHILDRESS : You have the strange petroglyphs in the Hoggar Mountains of Southern Algeria . You 've got strange rock art , too , in the American Southwest , and when you look at it , and even have the natives explain it to you , they say things like , " Oh , yes , he 's Martian god , " or , " These are the star people coming from the sky . " NARRATOR : How do we explain so many different cultures across thousands of years and thousands of miles producing such consistent visual representations ? TSOUKALOS : The ones that were discovered in some of the African caves , it 's too similar to what has been discovered on every continent for it to be complete coincidence . So , it 's this whole idea of the spark of initial inspiration . What is it that they witnessed , and could it be that they witnessed extraterrestrials ? REDFERN : One of the more intriguing aspects of the cave paintings that seem to show aliens , is why are they inside caves ? This has sort of given rise to the theory that maybe these aliens , perhaps , have permanent bases on the planet underground . Maybe ancient man saw them coming out of some of these caves and caverns and then realized there was a relationship between the aliens and the caves . NARRATOR : In ancient times , caves were places of shelter , but is it possible our ancestors were also using caves to record and protect information about extraterrestrial beings who played a role in our existence ? Perhaps the answer can be found halfway around the world , in the American Southwest . The Grand Canyon . This epic , 277-mile-long , one-mile-deep fissure , exposes millions of years of geologic strata . Imprinted onto this dramatic landscape are petroglyphs that depict everyday life as experienced by the first inhabitants of the region . But in one of the most remote corners of the canyon is a small cave covered with artwork that mystifies experts . Some refer to it as the " Shaman 's Panel " because it appears to depict scenes of the supernatural . CHILDRESS : All around the Grand Canyon are unusual sites and sacred sites , and then you have the Shaman 's Panel there in the Grand Canyon , which seems to show these long , tall extraterrestrial type figures . NARRATOR : Like the strange looking beings found in the cave in Charama , India , the figures depicted on the Shaman 's Panel are oddly elongated and are also thought to have been created as many as 10,000 years ago . And just as in Charama , the native Hopi people here also have detailed accounts of extraterrestrials who came down to Earth . CHILDRESS : In the Southwest , the Pueblo Indians , such as the Zuni and ... and the Hopi , believe that there is an entrance into an underground world and it is located in the Grand Canyon . And it 's this mythological underworld , uh , of caves and extraterrestrials , the ant people . GARY A. DAVID : The Hopi have this concept of the ant people . The ant people are very thin . They have elongated heads . And the ancestral Hopi people did make pictures of these ant people which still survive today . NARRATOR : Is it possible the rock art found here and elsewhere around the world is evidence that the earth 's first inhabitants had contact with otherworldly beings ? And if so , might there be some significance to the fact that many of these strange petroglyphs are found in and around caves ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest further evidence can be found by examining the ritualistic practices that continue to be performed inside caves even to this day . NARRATOR : The Himalayas , Northern India . Every summer , hundreds of thousands of Hindu pilgrims brave an arduous journey . They cross many miles of deadly terrain to reach the Amarnath Cave ... a place of worship for thousands of years . DAVID WILCOCK : 12,756 feet above sea level , in the Himalayas , is the most revered holy pilgrimage site for all of the people who follow the Hindu faith . DK SHIMKHADA : People die because of high altitude sickness . Others simply fall off the cliff . And still people go there because it is considered to be the most holiest shrine . NARRATOR : According to local lore , this massive cave is where the god Shiva realed the secrets of immortality and the creation of the universe to his wife Parvati . ( crowd clamoring ) To honor Shiva , worshippers pay their respects to a sacred relic inside , an ice lingam , which they believe is a physical manifestation of his generative power . WILCOCK : To reveal the secret to transcending the flesh , the secret to true immortality , makes that site of extreme importance to the people in the Hindu faith . NARRATOR : To the Hindu faithful who risk life and limb to reach the Amarnath Cave , this story is a real account of an otherworldly being who was at this exact location here on Earth . But why would Lord Shiva choose to divulge his divine secrets in a cave ? Could caves really hold special properties that have made them places of worship throughout history ? Interestingly , the Amarnath Cave is only one of hundreds of caves around the world that have been at one time considered sacred . Archaeologists believe a 20-foot-long spentine rock carving in Botswana 's Rhino Cave was the focus of religious ritual as far back as 70,000 years ago . And cave monasteries can be found in France ... Russia ... Thailand ... Ethiopia ... and Hungary , just to name a few . REVEREND MICHAEL J.S. CARTER : I don 't think that this is a coincidence that places of refuge , spiritual refuge , are inside caves . This is where one can contemplate , one can hear one 's inner voice without the distractions of the day . JONATHAN YOUNG : One thing about caves is they 're underground ; they 're unseen . Well , religion is about unseen things . Going into a cave is going into holy ground . NARRATOR : Is the mysterious nature of caves enough to explain why they have been revered as sacred places by different cultures and religions all over the world ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest there may be a more profound reason , which can be found by examining the stories behind our ancestors ' rituals . Yucatán , Mexico , 2008 . Mexican archaeologists exploring just outside the capital of Merida make an historic discovery : an aquatic underworld full of mysterious offerings to the Mayan gods , including human sacrifices . CHILDRESS : What they found was a system of 14 caves , and in them were stone temples , and they were all linked together . And it was thought that what they had discovered was the Mayan underworld known as Xibalba . YOUNG : Some of this work is underwater . Divers would have had to hold their breath and go down and do carving underwater to make this possible . They were very devout to be sure . NARRATOR : Central to the heavily Mayan ritualistic society was the belief that in order for them to rejoin the gods in the next life , the dead must make their way through a dark and * * * journey . TSOUKALOS : In the mythology of the Maya , we have these incredible references to Xibalba , which means " the underworld . " And we can read about it in the Popol Vuh , which is the book of the Jaguar priests . NARRATOR : Some historians believe that the caves discovered in 2008 are indeed those caves that represented for the Maya the passageway to Xibalba ... the underworld . But ancient astronaut theorists propose Xibalba has a more cosmic connection . TSOUKALOS : One of the most famous code breakers ... her name was Dr. Linda Schele . She dealt with the Maya language all her life . She is actually one of the people who have suggested that there is another meaning for Xibalba , and that 's " the Milky Way . " HAWKES : To the Mayans , who were very good astronomers , this represented the passageway to another world , Xibalba ... the middle of the Milky Way . So when they refer to the underworld , they 're actually referring to the sky above . WILCOCK : This suggests that the cave could be a portal , in which extraterrestrials are actually able to come and go freely from their plane of existence to our own . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the Mayan stories of Xibalba were not describing a passageway to the afterlife , but a portal to another part of the universe ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that caves have become places of ritual because they have a direct connection to extraterrestrials , and claim that further proof can be found by examining the mysterious Sky Caves of Nepal . NARRATOR : Shikoku Island , Japan . The eighth century AD . A young monk named Saeki Mao was deep in the mountains doing his spiritual training when he decided to enter a small cave called Mikurodo and meditate . While inside , he had an encounter that he would later credit with bringing him enlightenment , and he emerged from the cave as Kukai ... a high priest who would become one of Japan 's most important historical figures . JEREMIAH : Many Buddhists have reported enlightening experiences in caves . And one of the most famous stories involved the monk Kukai . He is the individual who brought esoteric Buddhism , Shingon Buddhism , to Japan from China , and according to his autobiography , he was meditating in a cave at Cape Muroto . And he had fixed his eyes on the morning star . The morning star flew towards him , entered his mouth and in front of him he saw an image of the Bodhisattva Akasagarbha . And Akasagarbha , in Japanese , is known as Kokuzo Bosatsu . So we have this spiritual being , surrounded by light ... Perhaps he even used the light to travel there . NARRATOR : After this encounter , Kukai suddenly had great wisdom , including the ability to comprehend 85,000 Buddhist texts . But what happened inside Mikurodo Cave that allowed Kukai to enter this enlightened state ? WM . MICHAEL MOTT : Kokuzo appeared to Kukai in the cave when he was in his trance and basically informed him that he was a conduit to the universe . And it channeled through his body and he could tell you anything about the stars , the planets . It 's almost as if he were tapped into a database . JEREMIAH : Some even perceive that the cave is similar to a womb . So a human being enters as a normal mortal . They engage in ascetic or meditative discipline within the cave . And when they exit the cave , they 're no longer a typical mortal , but they 're more akin to a saint . Or even a Buddha . NARRATOR : But could the enlightenment found inside caves be coming from an extraterrestrial source inside the earth ? Some ancient astronaut theorists say yes and suggest evidence of this might be found in the fabled nirvana known as Shambhala and the Sky Caves of Mustang in Nepal . JEREMIAH : Some say Shambhala is a mythical city that 's located somewhere in the mountains in the Himalayas . Its inhabitants are supposed to be fully enlightened beings who have access to a great amount of technology , which comes from the enlightenment itself . MOTT : Buddhism has always seen caves as more or less a conduit to altered states of consciousness . To other civilizations that may exist inside the earth . JEREMIAH : The Sky Caves in Mustang are interesting because they 're a hundred or so man-made caves carved into the faces of cliffs . And are only accessible by these huge vertical shafts . And inside these caves , we have , huge statues of Buddhas , bodhisattvas . NARRATOR : And Buddhists are not alone in this belief . Hindus also revere caves as places where monks can go to find wisdom . MOTT : The Sadhu are Indian holy men who , basically , lead a life of depravation , self-imposed exile in caves so that they can enter these altered states of consciousness . They definitely believe that caves are a conduit to communicating with non-human entities . JEREMIAH : It 's almost as though they 're opening a doorway into a spiritual consciousness in which they are able to communicate with these divine beings and hopefully become divine themselves . NARRATOR : Other important figures throughout history also attribute their life-altering epiphanies to mysterious encounters that happened in caves . YOUNG : In the life of the great artist and inventor , Leonardo da Vinci , he had some unusual but important experience at the mouth of a cave . Right after that , he disappeared for two years . And right after that , he began this spurt of creativity that was awesome . In art and in science , he invented the first self-propelled vehicle and imagined flying machines . ERICH VON DANIKEN : Joseph Smith wrote that an angel appeared to him with the name of Moroni in the year 1827 . Told to Joseph Smith he should go to a certain little hill . He should pull the stone plate away , and inside he would find a cave . And in the cave he would find unknown writings . MOTT : As all good Mormons know , he found the golden tablets , which contained a vast amount of data . NARRATOR : Why are there so many accounts of humans having enlightening experiences inside caves ? Is there something about caves themselves that facilitate such extraordinary experiences ? Could it be that these people are coming into contact with an extraterrestrial presence ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that cosmic knowledge may be stored in the very walls of these caves themselves , and that the proof can be found in Central America 1,000 feet underground . NARRATOR : Chihuahua , Mexico . April , 2000 . Miners excavating 1,000 feet below the mineral-rich town of Naica drill through a cave wall and make a stunning discovery : a glittering cavern full of giant crystals that are half a million years old . HAWKES : The Cuevas des Cristales ... or the Crystal Cave of Northern Mexico ... is a very unique site . And we 're talking crystals as big around as a car that stretched from the floor to the ceiling of the cavern . It 's a remarkable thing to see . CHILDRESS : The incredible Cave of the Crystals in Mexico was just accidentally found , and the discoverers were completely astounded with these giant gypsum crystals . It 's fantastic and reminds a person of the Fortress of Solitude of Superman , where all this information is encoded into these giant crystals . H AWKES : Now , the significance of this is extremely important to the indigenous people of Northern Mexico ... in fact , all of Mesoamerica ... in that the crystals themselves were considered sacred . They vibrated . And they believed there was also some properties involved in crystals that would provide them a way to communicate with the gods . MOTT : Many ancient myths tell us that there are magical apparatus that are made out of rock or stone or crystal . JASON MARTELL : If we look at the properties of many of the caverns and caves , we see that there 's usually some type of lining of crystal or quartz , and we know that crystal has a vast ability to store information . Maybe some of these caves are actually storing information and that ancient people who meditate in caverns are tapping into this knowledge . NARRATOR : Might caves that are rich in quartz or crystal really possess some special power that our ancestors were aware of ? Ancient astronaut theorists point out that the scientists today are discovering that crystals do , in fact , have very unique properties . MICHAEL DENNIN : Quartz and other crystalline structures oscillate on incredibly well-defined frequencies when you hit them mechanically , and they can be activated electrically through an effect known as the piezoelectric effect . So you can put quartz in a watch and use it as a very accurate timekeeping device . So quartz could be used in conducting or communicating certain signals . NARRATOR : In the Silicon Valley of California , quartz is used to manufacture the small integrated circuits found in computers because of its strong semiconducting properties . Computer chips are also made with a form of the mineral quartzite , which is a highly-condensed form of quartz . Today , computer engineers are working on how to physically manipulate crystals so that digital data can be stored inside them forever . The media has dubbed these hard drives of the future " Superman memory crystals . " DENNIN : So , Superman is one of our superheroes who came from outer space . He came from the planet Krypton . It was in the process of being destroyed , so his parents saved him and sent him in a spaceship to our planet . One of the interesting things in the Superman story is that his father was able to program a crystal that traveled with him that he was able to use to construct the Fortress of Solitude . And it was basically a crystal structure , essentially a cave , where he could both get away from things and he could use the crystals in there to get information . So one of the things that 's interesting in the Fortress of Solitude is the way that the quartz technology , or the crystal technology , seems to be underlying everything . And so a future that we 're looking at is using light in computing . You have to figure out ways to trap light and to store it , basically to create bits on and off and have the light last long enough t hat the signal stays there and the memory is stored . NARRATOR : Was the power of crystals something the ancients not only knew about but utilized by building structures that would harness and transmit it ? MARTELL : A lot of the pyramids had either granite or some type of crystal-lined surface . For instance , Giza , those great pyramids were topped with an obelisk made of shiny granite crystal . And when we look at an obelisk , it very much resembles some type of power rod , maybe a Tesla coil . Ancient times , the obelisk was always a symbol of power . Maybe this wasn 't just emotional power but actual physical power that was being harnessed by these objects . HENRY : Crystals are transformers . They hold energy . And , indeed , caves are thought of as " hot spots , " where you have Earth energy emerging from the planet . NARRATOR : If scientists today are looking into the technological uses for crystal , is it possible that there are extraterrestrial civilizations that have already mastered this technology ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and that the mineral properties found inside caves have enabled some of the world 's most astounding miracles . NARRATOR : Bethlehem . The Church of the Nativity , built around 330 AD by the first Christian Roman emperor Constantine , is one of the oldest continuously operating churches in the world , having survived invasions , regime changes , fires , and earthquakes . Many claim that the church is protected by a higher power , because it sits above a cave that some Bible scholars believe to be the true birthplace of Jesus Christ . MICHAEL GERVERS : There are many books about the story of Christ 's life , Jesus ' life , which never made their way into the Bible , and one of them was called the Protoevangelium of James . And in that story , Joseph and Mary are approaching Bethlehem , and Mary says , " I 'm going to give birth . " And he thinks for a minute . He said , " Ah , I know a cave near here . " And they 're met at the entrance to the cave by a brilliant light . And when the light dissipates , there is Mary holding Christ in her arms . And if you look at Byzantine painting , the Nativity is always represented in a cave . NARRATOR : According to the Gospel of Luke , Mary gives birth and places the baby Jesus in a manger , but no actual location for the Nativity is given . It is known , however , that caves at the time were commonly used as shelter for livestock . HENRY : Going back to the third century , they ... they started this idea that he was actually born in a cave . But then they also describe the tomb of resurrection as a cave , as a simple hollowed-out room that had this circular stone at the entranceway . GERVERS : The Bible does make a point that when Christ was taken from the cross , then he 's buried in a rock-cut tomb . KATHLEEN McGOWAN COPPENS : There does seem to be a mystical environment here , this idea of a cave being a place where someone who is of divinity comes and someone who is of divinity leaves . So it 's almost as if passages are happening in caves . ROBERT MULLINS : Constantine 's building program of churches in the Holy Land began by building churches over caves associated with key mysteries of the faith . He built a church over the site of Jesus ' birth . He built a church over the site of Jesus ' crucifixion , where the Church of the Holy Sepulchre stands today . And he built a church on the Mount of Olives over a cave associated with the site of his ascension into heaven . NARRATOR : Is there some significance to the fact that both Jesus ' birthplace and resurrection may have occurred inside caves ? Some ancient astronaut theorists say yes and claim there may even be physical evidence that what happened within these caves was something other than miraculous . McGOWAN : The Shroud of Turin is certainly the most important relic of the Resurrection , this extraordinary imprint of the crucified body on this cloth that no one has ever been able to accurately explain or reproduce . MOTT : Jesus was in the tomb , and some believe there was an intense burst of energy which created what we now call the Shroud of Turin , some form of radiation which was very intense and powerful . McGOWAN : We know with 21st century technology that the Shroud of Turin is a first century garment . And we know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it could not have been painted or in any way created . So the Shroud of Turin gives us this exceptional piece of evidence that something powerful happened in that tomb . MOTT : And when people came to see him the next day to view his body , he was gone . Two shining beings , nonhuman beings , met these two witnesses outside the tomb and informed them that Christ had arisen and that he had departed . HENRY : It 's possible that that cave was acting as a sort of a gateway or a portal , because in many of these stories , the caves link earth and heaven . NARRATOR : Could the Shroud of Turin really be evidence that something of a technological as well as a spiritual nature took place in the cave where many believe Jesus was resurrected ? Reports of humans encountering the divine in or near caves come from all corners of the globe going back thousands of years . CARTER : We look at the prophet Mohammad at Mount Hira . He 's in a mountain in a cave . He 's praying and meditating . He hears the voice of Gabriel . " Iqra , Iqra , " which means " to " recite , recite . " And so , he recites the Koran . According to the Hebrew tradition the prophet Elijah , who existed around nine BCE , lived in a cave . ROBERT CARGILL : According to Greek mythology , Zeus was born in a cave . And caves are often understood , in religious traditions , to be gateways to the underworld . So , caves are worshipped throughout the Mediterranean , usually because a god is associated with that cave . A god is worshipped in a cave or in a grotto . NARRATOR : Could the stories of Zeus , Muhammad , and even Jesus be evidence that the world 's subterranean caverns might be portals that connect us to other realms , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? Perhaps the answer will be found with new cutting-edge technology designed to uncover secrets in cave walls not visible to the naked eye . NARRATOR : Santa Monica , California , 2014 . Here at xRez Studio , visualization artists Greg Downing and Eric Hanson are pioneering the use of photogrammetry and special effects software to assist archaeologists in the global effort to decipher ancient cave art . GREG DOWNING : We use a combination of technues from the fields of computational photography and graphics in order to help the archaeologists reveal information difficult to see just with basic vision when you 're there . NARRATOR : The team recently traveled to the Grand Canyon to compile a massive , in-depth photographic compilation of the collection of strange petroglyphs known as the Shaman 's Panel . ERIC HANSON : We were drawn to the panel for two primary aspects . One was the rich layering of the anthropomorphic figures . And two is the kind of evocative , surreal nature of their composition . DOWNING : This cave is maybe , like , five or six feet deep . So , by using a photogrammetric technique , we were able to get the detail across the entire painting . HANSON : The nice thing about this technique is , we can separate the different dyes and minerals that are used . And in this case , now we can kind of see the layering expressed , we can see figures that are simply lost by the naked eye . DOWNING : Yeah , that brings it out . Yeah , it 's a complete difference . NARRATOR : Could modern techniques one day uncover even more details about what ancient people really saw and hoped to communicate with rock art ? Some ancient astronaut theorists believe one compelling clue that modern researchers might be on the right track can be found , oddly enough , in contemporary America . " March , 1945 . Amazing Stories magazine publishes an article entitled " I Remember Lemuria ! " But according to the author , this is the first piece to appear in the science fiction magazine that is not fiction at all but an actual account of his own alien abduction . REDFERN : Richard Shaver was a man who surfaced decades ago with a story of underground entities that were very hostile to the human race . Terrible creatures that would kidnap and kill members of the human race . SWARTZ : They were the first inhabitants of Planet Earth . When the sun became radioactive , these people could no longer live on the surface . Some left in their spaceships . Others went underground . NARRATOR : Could Richard Shaver 's account of underground extraterrestrials abducting humans be true ? Shaver proposed that the alien race that once populated the earth had developed highly-specialized equipment that allowed them to embed multifaceted imagery into stones . BRIAN TUCKER : Richard Shaver believed that he had made the greatest discovery in the history of mankind about the true nature of intelligent life on Earth . So , this is an original Shaver photograph of a rock book . And this multidimensional way of making images in the rock books was something that Shaver saw as a real sign of the superior intelligence of the ancient races . Shaver believed that these weren 't mere rocks with random patterns , that these were actually deliberately manufactured artifacts by the ancient races who had been here 30,000 , 100,000 , who knows how many years ago . NARRATOR : Might Richard Shaver have actually discovered real physical evidence that extraterrestrials have been here on Planet Earth and might still be here today ? SWARTZ : Whether or not Richard Shaver 's stories are true , it does dovetail with legends across this planet of a race of beings that either created humankind , or were , at least , our ancestors that had a superior technology . REDFERN : If we 're looking for extraterrestrials , ironically , the heavens above might not be the best place to look . We should perhaps even be looking deep below our feet . CHILDRESS : In some ways , exploring the underground cavern world of Planet Earth is the final frontier . NARRATOR : Is it possible that some of the world 's most mysterious caves really are home to extraterrestrial beings ? Could it be that the knowledge of the universe has been left for us to discover right here on Earth , once we have the technology to unlock it ? And might the crystals found within cave walls not only tell us where we came from , but even provide the technology to access the most distant corners of the universe ? Perhaps one day we will find proof that there is life beyond our planet by searching deep within it .
