 Engage . All right ladies and gentlemen , I 've got an act that can guarantee You 've never seen anything like it before And you 'll never see anything like it again . Put your hands together for General Trius ! ♪ When I fall asleep and my thoughts start to roam ♪ I imagine that I 'm back upon my home ♪ with magic sponges and the sulphur pits of doom ♪ and the pungence of the bittersweet perfume ♪ how close it seems ♪ but that is an Impossible Dream ♪ It is a dream that may not happen ♪ It is a dream that 's yet to be ♪ It is an image with no caption ♪ that I must close my eyes before I see ♪ I see your faces and the spaces in between ♪ But that is an Impossible Dream ♪ But that is an Impossible Dream Hondo - I know you don 't want to go to bed but if you don 't , Mommy is going to come in here and she 's going to get mad at both of us . " History of Future Folk " You tell me the story Then I 'll get in bed . Alright . Once upon a time , on a planet called Hondo There was a little boy named Trius . Everyone on Hondo was scared because there was a gi-normous comet in space heading right for their planet Trius promised his mommy that one day he would find a way to stop the comet and to save all of Hondo So when he was old enough he became a general in the Hondonian Army He didn 't want to leave his Mommy and his friends behind but he had to go out into space and find another planet for them to live on Did he say " Hondo " ? He did . He said , " Hondo everyone . I 'll find another planet for us to live on . " " I 'll miss you . " - And he had a magic potion with him . - Yeah . He had a magic potion that would make everybody on the new planet fall asleep when he got there - Hey . Mama 's little monkey in her tree yet ? He 's just finishing with the story Okay , he can finish the story with you in bed . Come on . Let 's go . - Busted - Yeah Love You - I love you - Then he crash landed on Earth ! - That 's right His ship wasn 't built for Earth 's atmosphere , so , It burst into flames and then crashed in a field Trius had had many adventures travelling through space Examining all sorts of different planets and their inhabitants . But what he was about to experience on this planet would change his life forever . But before he released his magic potion Something stopped him for the first time in his whole life he heard music . It was unlike anything he 'd ever experienced . He couldn 't believe it No other planet that he 'd ever visited in the whole universe had thought to arrange a collection of sounds in such a way . Then , he decided he would Stay on the Earth for ever and ever . - Stay on Earth for ever and ever . - Daddy ? - Yeah ? If you and Mommy get divorced can one of you live on Hondo so that we can have a house there and our house in Brooklyn ? The thing is , sweetie , Hondo isn 't a real place - Oh - It 's just a made up story There aren 't really any space men . But , that 's actually a good thing Because if there were , you 'd be in trouble . Because they 'd come down here to Earth and they would ... Tickle you like crazy ! - Hondo - Hondo Alright sweetie , time to go to bed . Okay , goodnight Daddy Goodnight Anything they carry by hand gets scanned . Jackets , bags , whatever . Now , if this guy 's wife comes to work , send her up to 3-B give him a call on the radio We got a little arrangement worked out , him and me . Ain 't that right ? Dr. Hunt ? - Morning Hank . Have a good day , " Professor " . - That 's right , ladies and gentlemen Below our very feet , is the control room that would have launched the 8 story nuclear missile during the cold war Now of course , our museum wasn 't built until 1985 3 years after the liquid propelled missile was deactivated . Now our tour will conclude in the underground bunker where you 'll be able to take photos beneath the missile 's booster engine . - Daddy ! - Hey ! You smell like cantelope . - I do . Listen , I 'm sorry honey , Daddy 's in a rush - What 's going on ? - I 've got to run back to work . - Why ? - Just , uh ... I 'm so sorry , guys . Just start dinner without me . I love you . Okay . Put your jacket on the chair - You going to go outside and play ? - Okay Hondo This is General Trius to Hondo . General Trius to Hondo . Come in Hondo . This is General Trius to Hondo . General Trius to Hondo . Come in Hondo . This is General Trius to Hondo . General Trius to Hondo . Please Respond . If you can hear this , before you advance on earth - Excuse me . - Daddy ! Daddy ! I was playing in the yard , and it bounced in the shed ! He 's a real Hondurian from space ! - Mr. Hunt ? - Yes - Can I talk to you for a minute ? - Sure Uh , I 'm sorry You know , I feel like an idiot . This is a friend of mine He 's from out of town . He came to see me play last night and we went out for a couple drinks after my set . You went out for drinks , then you tied him up in your shed ? He gets a little out of control , if he 's had a couple too many , so I just wanted to make sure he wasn 't going to get in any trouble I am sorry . I 've never seen this man before in my life . And what 's with the space suit ? He came to the show dressed the same way I do for my performance . A Spaceman act ? - What are you talking about ? Bill ! No no no . My husband has been acting very strange lately . I want this weirdo locked up and away from our daughter until I know exactly what 's going on here . Okay , can I talk to my wife in private for a moment please . Sure . I need you to lie for me . Eh , what ? - I can 't have the police here right now . Okay , I 'll explain later I promise . - Yeah , explain now . Oh hey , look , I have no idea what 's going on with you . You 're at work all the time Even when you 're here , you 're not here I know Just , be honest with me . I can 't right now . We 're leaving . Sweetie , go get your jacket . Hondo - Wren ! Hondo He was talking about a planet named Hondo , and a comet and some guy named Trius ? - But he 's your friend ? - Yes . He seems harmless enough If he gets to be too much again , no more tying him up in the shed . Okay ? Thank you . What 's going on ... ? Oh ... You ... So this is what 's become of the great General Trius . Hiding out on earth ? Traitor . To Hondo ! What is all this stuff ? Say something , you coward ! Oh ... I see . Well , so be it . You think you can break me ? Alright ! Alright , alright ! I 'm sorry ! Just , tell me what do you want to know ! Look , I never wanted to kill you . You 're the great General Trius . How could a Hondonian like me kill General Trius ? What 's that thing for ? Stay away from me with that ! Hey , look . Look , I just needed to get the virus , right . It was nothing personal . Come on ! What is that thing ! ? There 's going to be a war for this planet regardless . Why not just end it now ? Quickly , quietly . For Hondo . No , no , no no ! What is that .. ? - I hate to disappoint you , but actually we don 't have buckets on Hondo . So I didn 't know until I got to Earth that My helmet looked like a bucket but But , thank you for pointing that out I appreciate that . So , for those of you who don 't know me . My name is General Trius and I come from the planet Hondo I was sent her to Earth to enact a doomsday device To destroy the human race forever . You guys shouldn 't be laughing I 'm talking about destroying the entire human race Okay , well you guys must like flesh eating viruses More than most of the lifeforms I 've encountered . I have this virus at a storage facility on the corner of 17th and 10th they have reasonable rates there also it 's close to the subway and I don 't have a car so that 's a plus I can 't get a license because I don 't have ID Because I 'm from outer space . Here 's the thing , though , that 's tough . See , I don 't really want to destroy the human race . Though you guys have had a pretty good run . See , where I 'm from there 's a comet about to destroy our planet . A comet we 've seen heading our way for the past 27 Earth years . Now , you humans are cruel and foolish But at the same time you 're beautiful people . I mean , You discovered music . The only problem is , the people of Hondo need somewhere to go too . Do I know you from somewhere ? What are you doing ? Do you want to come up on stage ? Alright , come on up , Go ' head , yeah . Hondo H. .. , Hondo Hondo So , you found a guitar ? And you learned how to play Well , he 's been playing for about 26 hours now . Sounds pretty good ? Still make a crappy assassin though . I know He was sent here from Hondo to kill me and take over my mission But he failed miserably , as you can see . Sounds like you 've got a little song you want to play ? Alright , be my guest . ( " Space silkworm " ) ♪ Well , I grew up on my planet farming space worms . ♪ where space worms can always be found ♪ Here on Earth as far as I can discern ♪ There just ain 't no space worms around . ♪ What can I do ? I 'm a simple farming man ♪ Light years away from my home ♪ It 's mighty hard , to farm this planet 's land ♪ where space worms refuse to grow . ♪ Well , I grew up on my planet farming space worms ♪ Where space worms can always be found . ♪ But here on Earth as far as I can discern ♪ There just ain 't no space worms around , take it ♪ Well , time 's are tough and money 's pretty tight ♪ Had to sell my 14 legged mule ♪ Without no space worms I can 't put up a fight ♪ Winter , can be so cruel . ♪ Oh well I grew up on my planet farming space worms ♪ where space worms can always be found ♪ Ah but here on Earth as far as I can discern ♪ there just ain 't no space worms around . ♪ It 's been a struggle but I refuse to stop . ♪ Farmin ' worms is what I was born to do ♪ If you could find me a real good spaceworm crop ♪ Honey , I 'll be good to you . ♪ Well I grew up on my planet farming space worms ♪ where space worms can always be found ♪ but here on Earth as far as I can discern ♪ there just ain 't no spaceworms around . ♪ there just ain 't no spaceworms around . - I forgot your name . - Kevin It 's nice to meet you , Kevin Likewise Goodbye ! Thanks you , thank you ! That was amazing ! They just wanted us to keep going and going - That was a good house - Such an incredible feeling Wait , so ... So what we should do , is just let the Hondonian transport ships land And then before they can ask us why we haven 't released the virus We 'll play them music . - No , no , no . It 's not that easy . - It is ! What 's going to go wrong ? Well , even if everyone on Hondo has the same reaction to music as we did there 's no guarantee that the humans ... - Hey , hey .. Come on . Hey , get back here ! Hi ! Yeah ! - Hey , hey . Put that away . - Why ? Because you 're making a spectacle of yourself . There are rules here . - C 'mon play the banjo . - Stop it ! Join us ! You 're on a mission here . A mission . Oh , you 're right But I ... I wouldn 't kill one of these Earthlings Much less a whole planet of them I wouldn 't kill you . I wouldn 't . Let 's go ! Come on ! Hey , hey ! Get back here ! People of Earth You attention please I am from planet Hondo I need to speak to your planetary ambassador immediately . Your lives will be spared . You have my word . Hondonians and Earthlings We can share this planet . If we tell them about our dilemma , I 'm sure they 'd be more than happy to help They created music You created music - Hey ! What are you doing ! ? Eh , what ? What ? Afuera ! You 've got to be kidding me . - Come on ! - Crawling Sit on the curb right now ! Hey ! Sit on the curb ! 859 , 859 1051 on the corner of Second and Drake Second and Drake , code twenty You want to do some kissing , Big Boy ? I got just the place for you . Let 's go . - Wow Ms. Hunt - I think I should clear something up I never abandonded my mission I crash landed here 11 years ago and lost contact with Hondo Ever since then I 've been working on a way to destroy the comet from Earth How ? There is a way Why can 't Earthlings and Hondonians just live together ? The humans have lived in clans of one kind or another for thousands of years . Extending hospitality to outsiders has never really been their specialty . I like that suit Oh , thanks . Thanks , it 's a ... - Thanks , thanks a lot Why don 't you let me try it on ? I don 't think it would fit you Why don 't you let me try it on . You can go talk to your husband in a bit But , before you do I need you to tell me everything you know about his background Like what ? Like where he was born , who his parents are . Well , he was born outside Betendorf Iowa His parents worked in a church His Mom was a choirmaster , so she taught him how to sing How did the two of you meet ? At one of his performances . when he was first starting out . Have you ever met his parents . They passed before we met Ever meet anyone in Betendorf ? Seen any photos . Bill doesn 't like to talk about his family . They were very poor . Holly , I 'm going to need you to be strong here . Okay We have good reason to believe that everything your husband has ever told you about his past is a lie . Like what ? His fingerprints , the license in his wallet , Social security number , none of them come up in our computer . What are you doing man ? ! What are you doing ? ! There 's no record of him even living in the United States . How can that ... how can that be ? - You live in Brooklyn right ? Why does your husband commute 140 miles each day to work as a groundskeeper at an aerospace museum ? A ... a groundskeeper ? He 's ... he 's an engineer he does research . Holly I think you need to decide if you want to get Bill a lawyer . - Hey ! What 's going on in here ? - This man needs medical attention Why is shaking . Open the door - Wait a minute , who did this ? He did . They were pestering him and he just went nuts . - Do not move ! Do not move ! Bill ! Holly ! I 'm sorry My home away from home . Incredible . The virus . Can I hold it ? Just be careful I 've noticed how all the solar systems on the trajectory to Hondo and the comet have synchronized orbits . Once every 34 years they link together perfectly like cogs in a machine . If we sent a device from Earth ... It would slingshot ... - General Trius ? What ? That man in the penitentiary ... he wanted to hurt me , right ? He wanted to hurt me . Kevin , what are you doing ? This was my mission . Put that down , Kevin That 's not the answer . Everyone will be safe . We could save everyone on Hondo . That was my mission too . It 's not that simple . But human nature is the same as Hondonians , then what 's the difference ? Put it down . - That it ? - No . The countdown would have started . Well , what 's wrong with it ? It 's programmed so that only I can activate it . This finger , that button . I don 't understand why they 'd even send me . What am I even doing here ? What am I even doing here ! ? It 's an insult to both of us . They sent you so that I would kill you and think that I was safe . Once my defenses were down they 'd send whoever or whatever it is they want to get the job done . My guess it that it 's probably not someone from Hondo . And my guess is that it 's probably already on its way . Closing in 10 minutes ! Thank you ! Just once ... I wanted to be the hero . Look , I 've spent a third of my life on this planet preparing for these galaxies to align . Do what I say for the next three weeks there won 't be a school kid on Hondo doesn 't learn about what happened the day the Mighty Kevin came to Earth . What if it doesn 't work ? - Transport ships . War My guess is that both sides will destroy each other and this planet along with them . You can 't stay here . Your wife 's an attractive woman . Thank you She always seems angry with you but but very attractive . Why not just tell her you 're from Hondo . I 'm sure she 'd understand . Earth is a complicated place . So are its women . Yeah I 'm finding that . It 's very cold here at night . We 'll find better accomodations tomorrow Okay Good night , Kevin Good night , General Trius You know , for the Earthlings ' sake I think you just better call me Bill . Okay Good night , Bill Goodnight You want to stay in the back room ? That room smells like piss . It doesn 't smell like piss . It smells like piss because I 've pissed back there sometimes . Something wrong at home or something ? No , we just need a place to lay low for a little while . Trouble with the cops ? - Yeah - No Yeah , think I believe him on that one Alright , here 's the deal You guys can stay back there as long as you want under one condition . I want you to rock this place out every night . That 'll be your rent . Think you can handle that ? - Yeah - Sure Oh yeah , one other thing I know what you should call yourselves . Ladies and Gentlemen For those of you who don 't know us My name is General Trius I 'm the Mighty Kevin And we are Future Folk ♪ Hondo , years ago ♪ All alone and walkin down a dusty road ♪ I met a double-headed stranger ♪ He spoke with an alien drawl ♪ " Son I 'll give you words of wisdom to recall ♪ If ever you should be in danger " ♪ He said " In order to fight ♪ You must find your own light ♪ If you believe ♪ your spark 's been extinguished ♪ You won 't succeed , ♪ in what you must finish When all is lost , ♪ is when you begin ♪ To reach deep inside and find ♪ The universe within " ♪ Hostile planet made of snow ♪ The danger 's runnin high , but my ammo 's low ♪ Facing beasts sent to enslave me ♪ Last man on an ice patrol ♪ I 'm backed up to the wall with nowhere else to go ♪ Remembered words that surely saved me ♪ I let loose my light ♪ And it kicked ass all night ! ♪ " If you believe ♪ your spark 's been extinguished ♪ You wont succeed , ♪ in what you must finish ♪ When all is lost , ♪ is when you begin ♪ To reach deep inside and find ♪ The universe within ♪ The universe within ♪ The universe within ♪ The universe within ♪ The universe within Hondo ! No , he seems okay Yeah He wants to take me to tango lessons . I know . No way . Yeah . Well , I mean I don 't know how much I can go from mugshots of these cheesy online dating pictures . Okay Okay girl I 'll talk to you later then Okay , bye . Alrighty Yuck Holly - I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry I had to see you and I knew the second you laid eyes on me you 'd try to arrest me so this is all I could think to do It was just a stun shot so the effects should wear off in about 30 minutes I shot myself in the leg once by accident I actually found it very relaxing You comfortable ? Okay - We can work through this together - Oh we can ? - Yes - You want to work through this together ? - Yes - Okay Tell me everything . Start from the very beginning . You have no idea how dangerous it would be if I told you everything . There 's no possible way And see I was trying to assassinate Bill to get the virus and kill everyone But luckily my rifle jammed and he came after me Now Bill , is not actually Bill Hunt human family man He 's General Trius Who was pretty much the most bad-ass soldier the Hondonian army every produced , which is why ... Oh ... you 're just so beautiful uh , which is why I came here today because I wrote you a song ♪ Ustedes tienen un otro mundo ♪ Pero usted es como la luna del Hondo ♪ Mi luna extranjera ♪ Porque su lenguaje es el del amor ♪ y apprendi espanol hace cinco minutos ♪ mi luna extranjera - Holly - Holly , wait Okay , I 'll tell you Where do I begin ? When I was a little boy I made a promise to somebody I made a promise to my mother That I would do something I haven 't done it yet , but once I do everything will be okay . You told me that you were happy with the choices we made Yeah To have Wren , to start a family And now , all of a sudden , you want to be a musician again ? I know music was the most important thing to you And I would go on being your number 1 groupie forever if that 's what you wanted - That 's not it . There 's so much more that I have to tell you . Yeah . Like you could tell me why you 're wanted by the police , maybe ? You 're right . Wren should be there too . Let me come by the house . - Bill ... Let me come by the house We 're going to Coney Island on Friday . Come over and we 'll have a family meeting . You can tell us what all this is about And then you can come with us ... If you tell us everything I will Promise I don 't want to be apart like this again . Alright I have to go to work now I don 't know what I would do if I lost you ♪ Mi luna ... ♪ extranjera Since I may never get the chance to do this again In about 10 minutes now you should be fine Bye . - It 's just going to get stale , if we keep doing the same thing every night We need to take it to the next level somehow We can 't draw too much attention to ourselves though Are you completely sure you know what you 're doing on this mission today What if we get a smoke machine It 's imperative that you maintain a distance of 30 yards at all times Lasers ! We 're from Hondo , right . We should at least have lasers . Alright , just keep your eye out for anyone who looks suspicious . Fine We want people to focus on the music anyway Not a cheap laser show . Yeah , but we can give them both ! You know , what if we got a drummer ? A really hot girl drummer . Would that be for you or for the audience ? Listen , you should just talk to some of the girls who hang out after our set . I don 't know why you get so shy . Actually , it just so happens I 've got my eye on somebody . An Earthwoman ? Who ? You think you got it all figured out , don 't you General Trius Holly ! Wren ! Where 's Wren ? She slammed her door in my face . She spilled soda all over her favourite shirt so of course it 's the end of the world I 'll go talk to her Wren ? Honey you know Mommy and I don 't like locked doors . Honey , it 's okay . It 's just a shirt . Hey , we 're just going to the beach You 'll be wearing your bathing suit the whole time anyway . - I know So , what 's the matter ? I wanted to show you my new favourite shirt now the whole day is ruined . Oh sweetie , the whole day is not ruined I 'll be so quick . I 'm going , I 'm going . - Can I ask you something sweetie ? - Yeah . Are you upset because this happened just before Mommy and Daddy were going to spend time together . Arms up . Wren ? Tom ? Hey You know we talked about all the things Mommy and Daddy don 't agree on have nothing to do with you , right Yeah And that sometimes , Mommies and Daddies just need to talk about their problems Then maybe they won 't be problems anymore . Then why don 't you talk about them now ? The reason I came over today was to have a family meeting . Really ? Yeah , but it 's really important you understand even if our problems don 't go away they absolutely have nothing to do with you Go in the basement . Go in the basement . Lock it behind you . - Do you have your phone on you ? - Yeah , why ? Alright , call the police . Tell them someone 's trying to break in . - What ! ? - Just do it ! Hey ! Hello , are you herre for the tango lessons ? Tango ? Yes Yes , I am Fine , just sign your name right there and go on in . And that will be $ 35 . $ 35 of money ? Yes oh ... yeah Did I sign my name in the right place , here ? One dance . Then I promise you can arrest me . If you kill me now you 'll never get the virus No ! No ! No ! No ! No . That was not a full dance - Hey ! Hold it right there ! Freeze ! - No No Bill What are you doing ? - Bill ? - The police were at your house . - What 's going on ? - Bill ? They designed the encasement so that no-one could stop the countdown once it 's started . Not even one of us . You started the countdown . Why ? In 13 hours the virus deploys . There are some mine shafts north of the city . They 're a couple hundred metres deep . I 'm going to take Wren and Holly there . And go underground . - Underground ? You can 't hide from the virus . You 'd have to be under there for who knows how long . Well , I guess you should have thought of that before you abandoned your post today . Well , there must be something else we can do . Get me another bottle . What are you waiting for ? Looks like you 're finally going to be a hero . Tiny little planet in an insignificant solar system . Nitrogen-based atmosphere . Here 's to a job well done . General Trius ? I think I 've got an idea . We set these to stun right ? We don 't want to hurt anybody , do we ? - What the ... ? I thought you said we weren 't going to hurt anybody . Except him . You take position here . This could take a second . General Trius ! Crappy assassin , my ass . Hey , let 's go ! The missile 's through the end of that hall . Come back through here when you 're done . - Okay - Good luck - Hondo You ready ? It won 't work . What do you mean ? We 're too early Had to be three Earth weeks . We don 't have three Earth weeks . I 've run dozens of simulations . It 's a miss . It 's our only choice . Ha ha ! You did it ! Chances of that missiles hitting the comet are 376 to 1 . But the virus is gone , so we 're okay , right ? If the comet isn 't destroyed , Hondonian warships will descend with emitters charged and trained on the capitals of the world 's most populated nations . But we 're all going to be okay , right ? After human retaliation nuclear blasts in the outskirts of the atmosphere will create a type of particle cloud that is ... - Hey ! If the missile doesn 't destroy the comet , Our armies destroy each other , and the planet ! Holly I was wondering if we could meet up . How about now ? You 're not going to believe this . Your spaceman just broke into the museum Of course , I believe it . - What the ... All right , check all these people . Check all these people ! 859 . 859 . I have a visual on the suspects They 're headed south on Roebling . I repeat . They 're headed south on Roebling . They went through the back door . They 're still on foot . Are you really from outer space ? I hope that 's not a problem . Let 's rock this bitch ! That 's the Earth woman you had your eye on ? Yeah . You told her where we 're from ? Do you have any idea how dangerous that is ? Lighten up Bill . Greetings and salutations ... Earthlings ! Hondo ! Hondo ! How 's everyone doing tonight ? Alright ? This first song goes out to a very special member of the audience . who , for once , deserves to hear the truth . So , here it is . Hondo When I first came to Earth I spared the human race because I fell in love with music In the end , that 's not why I stayed . I stayed because I fell in love with you . ♪ First I found you ♪ then I confound you ♪ should have said I 'm from outer space ♪ from the very start ♪ from first contact ♪ to marriage contract ♪ I love you now and forever ♪ from the bottom of my heart ♪ when it 's not night ♪ my sky still fills with lights ♪ I see stars ♪ when I hold you tight one bright afternoon ♪ I see stars ♪ in the dark heart of a black typhoon ♪ I see stars ♪ when I know that I 'll be with you soon ♪ I see stars ♪ I see stars ♪ up over the moon So I 'm really supposed to believe that you 're from Hondo ? You 're General Trius ? There 's no way I can prove this . Except ... see that star up there ? That bright one , right in the center ? That 's not a star . It 's a comet . Today , I had to launch a nuclear missile from work to blow it up . How am I supposed to believe that ? If it worked We should see something in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... ♪ I see stars ♪ in the dark heart of a black typhoon ♪ I see stars Did you just save the world ? Technically , two . ♪ you make me see stars ♪ I see stars ♪ I see stars ♪ I see stars So after they saved their home planet and the people of Earth they set out to build a new ship for Kevin to return to Hondo Kevin and Carmen travelled back to Hondo and brought with them what Kevin had discovered on Earth as soon as he got back He told them all about how General Trius With a little help from the mighty Kevin had blown up the comet Then he played them Earth music and changed their planet forever - Hey How come the little monkey isn 't in her tree yet ? Busted ! Come over here Give me kiss Love You - I love you When are Uncle Kevin and Aunt Carmen coming back to Brooklyn ? I don 't know . They didn 't say how long they were going to take on their honeymoon . But they 'll be back pretty soon . Maybe they 're still on Hondo . Maybe . I want to go to Hondo someday . That 's good because I want to take you to Hondo someday . But you know , we 'll have to be very careful Why ? Because , like I told you , it 's dangerous up there . There 're spacemen who 'll want to Tickle you like crazy ! Alright , sweetie . Goodnight Goodnight , Dad . Hondo ! Hondo . Hondo ! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I miss the red moons of Hondo ♪ and phosphorescent trees ♪ I miss the silver river 's flow ♪ the seas of gasoline ♪ but what I really miss the most , ♪ much to my surprise ♪ was red moonlight reflecting in your eyes ♪ I miss the pointed prickled beasts ♪ that scurry in the night ♪ I miss the swooping laser hawks ♪ and furry troglodytes ♪ but what I really miss the most ♪ much to my surprise ♪ was red moonlight reflecting in your eyes ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ our planet made of clay ♪ and moons that would soon burn away ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ our home world 's sad demise ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ I miss the good food of Hondo ♪ like pickled pepper snacks ♪ I miss the taste of fresh baked paste ♪ the blue moon berry frappes ♪ but what I really missed the most ♪ much to my surprise ♪ was red moonlight reflecting in your eyes ♪ I miss the floating emerald towers ♪ that line the city skies ♪ I miss the rocket buses ♪ the taxi cabs that fly ♪ but what I really miss the most ♪ much to my surprise ♪ was red moonlight reflecting in your eyes ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ our planet made of clay ♪ and moons that would soon burn away ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ our home world 's sad demise ♪ reflecting in your eyes ♪ your many , many eyes ♪ your many , many eyes
