 Barbie : Two weeks ago , an invisible dome crashed down On chester 's mill , cutting us off from the rest of the world . Why the dome is here or what mysteries lie ahead , We still don 't know . Every day it tests our limits , Bringing out the best and the worst in us . Some say we 'll be stuck here forever , But we will never stop fighting to find a way out . You 're the one tearing chester 's mill apart . Angie : The dome wants jim dead . Sam : I 'm looking for someone . She 's about 17 . Long dark hair , tall ? ( grunting ) Can I help you with something ? Linda ! ( tires screeching ) Big jim : Heard you lost your house . My home is your home . Junior : He 's a liar And a murderer . We can still stop him . Those surges fried most of our power sources . Who knows what other damage they 've caused ? I 've got to survey our water supply , Determine how to find another source of power . The fire tower magnet got us through the day , But I 'm not gonna sleep tonight . Julia : You think that 's what stopped The surges and cleared the dome ? What else could it have been ? Are you okay ? ( screams ) ( panting ) ( crickets chirping ) ( leaves rustling ) I ... ( laughs ) ... Miss ... ( laughing ) ... This . ( sighs ) Almost as much as I 'm gonna miss coffee . ( laughs ) Really ? ( moans ) ( laughing ) ( kissing ) ( groans ) : Ah ... ( moans ) ( laughs ) Seriously ... ( sighs ) If you think I 'm gonna get by under this thing without you ... Hmm . ( sighs ) ( laughs ) ( creaking ) ( clicks tongue , deeply sighs ) I thought the big jim slumber party Was just a nightmare . ( sighs ) Worse . Can 't wake up from it . Great . Now that your house is trashed , Looks like we 're stuck on elm street For a while longer . Angie never came home last night . Can 't blame her . She probably sacked out at the sweetbriar To stay away from the big bad wolf . ( sighs ) big jim : Kids ... ! Breakfast is ready ! Hey ... Good morning , you two . ( frying pan sizzling ) grab something to drink Out of the fridge there . Dome sapped my generators , so everything 's going bad . ( spatula rattles on counter ) Cooked you up some breakfast . ( plates sliding , silverware clinking ) Come on , have a seat . ( sighs ) There you go . Now , from what I understand , You all seem to know a lot about this dome , And , uh ... I can 't wait to hear all about it . Since when do you care ? Well , since the dome spared my life yesterday . I 've become more of a believer . Don 't you have to go round up some more Generators or something ? ( laughs ) Phil : Jim , you read ? Patterson 's roof just caved in from yesterday 's damage . All right , thanks , phil . I 'm headed into town now . Enjoy . ( taps on countertop ) We 'll continue this conversation later . ( sighs ) ( birds chirping ) ( gate squeaks open ) This hellhole really more comfortable Than your own bed ? ( groans , sighs ) I 'd rather sleep here Than under the roof of a murderer . Get that hangover of yours out of bed . I need you to go over to the school and open it up . ( sighs ) Rebecca pine is gonna start classes again . You really think people care about calculus And social studies anymore ? She 's gonna teach things that matter- - Things that can help this town get back on its feet . Now , I need you to get over there , open it up ... Clean up any mess . Do it yourself ! Hey ! I risked my life for you yesterday . ( keys jingling ) Least you could do is lend me a hand . ( keys jingling ) I 'll do it for the town , not for you . ( footsteps departing ) ( panting ) ( panting ) ( footsteps echoing ) ( gun bangs to ground ) ( trembling ) ( quietly crying ) Didn 't know running the town meant waiting on it , too . Where 's angle ? I don 't know . She was a no-show this morning . A couple people say that when they came to , They saw you with a noose Around your neck . It 's a long story , andrea . People say it was you Who ended all that magnetism business . Well , if anyone saved us , it was the ... The good lord . I don 't think so . You were the one willing to Sacrifice himself . That 's why the dome spared us . The only reason this town is still standing , Is because of big jim rennie . Hey , good morning . Morning . Coffee ? Sure . It 's the least I could do to ... Pay you back . ( pours coffee ) just want you to know , I have no , uh ... Animosity towards you , julia . I have , uh , nothing but ... ( sets down coffee mug ) that sounded dangerously close To a " thank you . " Barbie : " gratitude " ? Would never come out of your mouth . ( door opens , bell jingles ) Jim ? Hmm ? We have a little emergency . I don 't know if it 's because of our isolated ecosystem Or the magnetic fluctuations , But something has caused Our butterfly reproductive cycle to accelerate . Killer butterflies , huh ? Now we really got something to worry about . Yeah . I-I know it doesn 't sound serious , But butterflies lay eggs And those eggs turn into caterpillars . Caterpillars who are very ... These creatures can eat 200 times their own weight . And they 're not being choosy . Off my initial survey , more than half our crops Are already infested with caterpillars . ( slow , dragging footsteps approach ) ( door closes ) ( panting ) ( swallows ) Angie 's dead . ( panting ) ( sighs ) ( door opens ) Oh , my lord . The lock on the back door 's broken . What are you doing here ? ( stomps foot ) We got to check that locker , 'cause the handprint shows that she was reaching for it . Let 's get busy . ( shoes squeaking ) Oh ... I-is this where You point the finger at me ? You and I have both done things We 're not proud of . Neither of us would do something like this . So , then , who would ? I got no idea . But whoever murdered her Is walking around chester 's mill right now . And I need your help hunting them down . Phil : Jim ! Found something . ( shoes squeaking ) Barbie : The killer stepped in their dirty work ... Left us a gift . ( leaves crunching ) It 's so quiet out here . ( sighs ) it 's like the only place That feels normal . Yeah , like we could forget There 's a giant , plastic bowl over us . Hey- - poison ivy . Not a big problem in l.A. , I guess . ( sighs ) ( panting ) They 're butterflies . ( gasps ) They 're dead . That 's okay . There 's about to be a lot more of them . How do you know that ? ( laughs ) ( sighs ) if they 're dying , then ... They laid new eggs . Their life cycle 's over . Girl ( sighs ) : Ah ... ( leaves rustling ) ( girl moans ) ( panting ) Who is she ? I , I don 't know . I 've never seen her before . Are you okay ? Hey , what 's your name ? I don 't know . How long have you been out here ? Hey , give me a hand . All right . You have to let her go , son . It takes time for the ... Numbness to wear off . I need you to tell me , james ... Did you do this ? ( gasps ) how can you say that ? Because I know how much you loved her . It wouldn 't be the first time ... It took an ugly turn . Angie meant everything to me . And the thought of not having her Drove you to do some crazy things . Just tell me the truth and I 'll take care of this . Angie wanted you dead . ( trembling ) : What happened , she come after you And you got to her first ? What are you talking about ? Did you do it ? I 'd never hurt someone close to you , junior . No ... No , no , no . I don 't believe you . Trying to pin it on me . Junior , I would never ... If you killed angle , so help me , I will make you suffer ! We 're crashing at big jim 's ; We can take you there . What 's going on ? ! Tell me ! Is it angie ? ! ( panting ) Barbie , is angie okay ? I 'm sorry , joe . ( voice breaking ) : She 's dead ? Someone killed her ? Why ? I don 't know . Whoever did this is going to pay ! ( joe trembles ) How 's joe doing ? He 's a tough kid . I 'm worried he 's bottling it all up . Well , he 's in shock . I 've seen it a lot in the field . You got to just take time to process things . ( voice breaking ) : I can 't believe she 's gone . First we lose linda , Now angie . I thought the dome was supposed to protect us . No , it 's up to us ... To protect each other . Come here . ( sighs ) So , you know her ? She 's the girl I rescued from the lake yesterday . ( sighs ) She ... ( sighs ) Ran off when we took her to sam 's cabin . What do you know about her ? Nothing . She doesn 't remember who she is or ... Even if she has a family here . Why ? Phil found a girl 's ... ( sighs ) ... Bloody shoeprint at the scene . ( swallows ) What are you getting at ? ( swallows , smacks lips ) Well , she 's found hiding out ... She 's scraped up , She 's clearly upset And nobody 's seen her before ... ( laughs ) she Is a scared little girl . There 's no way she could have killed angle . Yeah , but you can 't be sure of that . I want to find who did this As much as anyone . But just because no one 's ever seen her before Doesn 't mean that she 's guilty . Doesn 't make her innocent either . There 's something about her , like , I 've-I 've ... I 've seen her before , But I can 't place it . And she could be lying to us about who ... What the hell ? Looks like a fire . That 's near the school . ( fire crackling ) Killian : Hey ! What the hell are you doing ? ! What I have to ! ( panting ) Otherwise , we 're all dead . All she ever wanted to do was get out of here . Maybe now angie 's finally free . Free ? She 's dead . Don 't try and cheer me up , okay ? I 'm sorry , I was just trying to help you . Only one thing could do that . I want to kill the person who did this to her . I want them in pain . More pain than they ever thought was possible . ( gasps ) ( hyperventilates , sighs ) What if that person 's right here , Under this roof ? Big jim ? No . I went downstairs last night when I couldn 't sleep . He was crashed out on the couch . Not big jim , joe . The girl we found . ( sighs ) why would she hurt angle ? I don 't know . But I heard the cops found A shoeprint at the scene . ( sighs ) A girl 's shoeprint . ( sighs ) Sorry we woke you . It would be really helpful If you could remember something . Anything . Promise you 'll protect me ? You can trust me . I was there . Last night . I saw it . You were at the school ? ( voice breaking ) : I heard her scream . ( swallows ) Why didn 't you tell anyone ? I was too scared . I was afraid he 'd come after me . " he " ? Did you see a face ? The sheriff found a young woman 's shoeprint ... In the hallway . I think it 's gonna match yours . They don 't think I did it ... Do they ? They 're gonna find out you were there . I need you to tell me Why you were at the school . I don 't know . Something ... Made me go there . What the hell 's going on here ? I had to stop the infestation Before it destroyed all the crops . Barbie : " infestation " ? Yes . ( sighs ) Butterfly eggs- - They 're everywhere . Sometime in the next 12 hours , the caterpillars inside Will devour absolutely everything in sight . I thought they only ate milkweed . Yeah . Typically they do , but I think the magnetism Must have altered their eating pattern . So , are we gonna lose the rest of this field ? And all the surrounding fields . When they 've made their way through this one , They 'll move on and eat our entire food supply . So , what do we do ? ( sighs ) We need to burn everything . From the frontage road To langston 's property line ; That 's where the infestation stops ... For now . We 'll save at least 50 % of the wheat that way And ... Hopefully We 'll have enough to ration . This is a test . What makes you say that ? You were there ... When I offered myself On the gallows . It was the first test of many . I 'm guessing the dome wants me To prove myself . Rebecca : What is he talking about ? Himself . As usual . Come on , you never picked up on his hero complex ? Inflated ego or not , They listen to him , don 't they ? ( paper rustling ) Hey , jim . Burning half our food supply ... Doesn 't sound like a solution to me . He 's right . Most of these farmers have pesticide . Can 't we spray the fields with something ? We 'll never be able to cover that much acreage Before the eggs hatch . I think I might know something that 'll work . Hey . ( sighs ) Sam , we found the girl . Where was she ? I looked everywhere . Hiding in the woods . I need to know if she said anything To you before she left yesterday . Nothing . What 's wrong ? A young woman named angle Was murdered last night at the high school . They found a woman 's shoeprint- - Probably hers . ( clicks tongue ) I seriously doubt that girl 's a killer . That 's what I want to believe , but maybe I 'm too involved . I wouldn 't second-guess my gut I got people telling me otherwise . I know how you feel . But there was someone ... I should have protected once . And maybe if I 'd listened to my gut ... She 'd still be here . Is this your sister ? The one who took her life ? All this time , I 'd been blaming big jim , But the truth is ... I could 've done more . Big jim 's wife killed herself . Oh , god . You 're ... Big jim 's brother-in-law . How is it possible That everyone around me Is trapped in big jim 's orbit ? Well , now , hang on a second . No one hates big jim As much as I do . He wasn 't good to pauline and junior ; He was never there for them . Sam , you 're practically related to big jim . What happens when that starts to mean something again ? And what about my connection to you ? And this girl ? I wasn 't sure if I should show this to you . ( opens drawer ) I think there 's something more to this girl . To how ... We all fit together . My sister drew things . This looks like her . Pauline drew this ? 20 years ago . ( metal creaking ) belonged to chuck thomson ... The , uh ... Flight school pilot That crashed the day the dome fell . Rebecca : Looks like it 's been Sitting around a while . Does it fly ? It 'd better . It 's our only chance . Tried to navigate the dome from the air yet ? You 're not gonna be able to see anything ... I 've flown this area plenty of times . You ? You live in a town long enough , You wear just about every hat . Took lessons for search and rescue . Okay , seriously ... Jim , I-I-I 've flown hundreds of missions ... In some pretty tough places . This plague was sent as a test for me , barbie . ( keys jingling ) If I can 't figure my own way out of this , I don 't deserve to lead this town . ( door creaks ) ( trembling , sighs ) I didn 't want her to be alone . I understand . What 's he doing here ? Sam 's one of the only people Left in town with any real medical training . I don 't want anybody touching angle . We have to examine the body for evidence , So we can find whoever did this . Can you give us a sec ? Yeah . I 'll go check on the girl . Look , I know I haven 't been there for you . I 'm here now . Family 's gonna be more important in these days ahead . I 'm sorry if family doesn 't mean much to me . ( slides chair ) I know it 's been hard ... Since you lost your mom . And I wish you could 've ... Known her like I did . She wasn 't always the confused woman you knew . ( swallows ) Do you ever see her ? Like in a dream ? Yeah . I did ... ( trembling ) ... Yesterday . Only , it felt so ... Real . Probably the magnetic stuff From the dome playing with your head . ( deeply sighs ) It messed me up . That 's why I got drunk last night and blacked out . I wasn 't there for angie . Never gets easier . Losing people . But you got to find a better way Of dealing with it than I did . I 've been there , junior , I know how you feel . Is it possible to love someone so much That you 'd hurt them ? Love can make you do crazy things . But you 'd never do anything violent To the person you loved , would you ? I don 't remember anything from last night , But there 's no way I 'd hurt angle like that ; She finally trusted me again . You have any idea who 'd do this to her ? Of course . My father . ( speaks indistinctly ) Listen ... We only got one shot at this , okay ? And we can 't afford to risk it Just because someone wants to Fuel their image . So do me a favor ... Help me out . Okay . Hey . Um , I think we should let dale go up . I can handle this . I know , but it 's dangerous , And barbie is more experienced . Jim ... The town 's looking to you right now , okay ? They need a leader , Not a martyr . ( sighs ) If anything happens up there and you ... It won 't . So , what do we got ? ( sighs ) Um , langston 's fields haven 't been infected yet , So if we contain the spraying to this quadrant ... ( plane engine starts up ) Phil . Joe . We know who did it . It was the girl we saw in the woods . I understand you 're desperate for some answers , But just give us a little ... We heard you found a footprint . From the house while she was resting . Just see if it 's a match . Big jim : I hope you 're happy . Whole town 's come out to see your stunts . Well , how about you just let me know which way to turn After I drop this stuff over the crops ? Veer a sharp left over hansen 's fields . And three silos come up on you fast After you rise over that break of trees . All right , let 's do this . He 's getting too close to the dome . Phil , what are you doing ? Doesn 't concern you , julia . Like hell ! You dragged her off in a squad car . You can 't do this . I am holding her For questioning . On what grounds ? ! We matched her shoeprint to the one at the school . Look , I know she was there ... But a shoeprint doesn 't prove any more than that And definitely not that she 's the murderer . You knew she 'd been at the crime scene ? ( gasps ) how ? She confided in me . When were you gonna tell the police ? ! She says that she saw a man do it . You have to keep looking . You 're lucky I 'm not bringing you in for harboring a suspect . ( crying ) : Please , julia , he 'll find me in here ! I 'll get you out . ( door closes ) What are you doing ? I think my dad killed angle . I just need to find something That 'll prove it . What if he had a reason to do it ? ( panting ) What if he knew angle wanted him dead ? It was the girl we saw in the woods . They found a bloody shoeprint at the school . Where is she now ? Phil took her to jail . Okay . She deserves what angle got . Don 't you want that ? For your sister ? Barbie : Okay , I 'm gonna get that last field ... Just up here ahead of me by the creek ; Last one . Rebecca : No . Too close to the perimeter . Circle south , bring it back . Hey , we 'll burn it , we 'll figure something out . Just get back here . If you get too close to that thing , We all know what happens to electronics . It 'll fry your systems . I 'll take my chances . We got any obstructions down there ? Any power lines , windmills , silos ? Only an impenetrable , Completely invisible dome . Hey . Get out of there . You are only a hundred yards away . You won 't be able to turn out of it . Damn it , barbie , pull up now . ( metal creaks , panting ) ( grunts ) ( panting ) My wing 's damaged , I 'm gonna bring it back in . ( alarm buzzing ) All right , I 'm not gonna make the airship , I 'm dropping too fast . I 'm out of fuel . It 's gonna crash . I 'm gonna put it in the trees . At least that way I 'll be clear of any of the people . Barbie , can you hear me ? There 's a switch under the right side Of the control panel . You need to flip it . Barbie , listen to me , And flip the switch towards you . Just do it . Trust me . ( engine starts back up , steadies ) What just happened ? It 's like I picked up extra fuel . Like it switched over To another tank . ( tires squeak ) ( engine idling ) ( applause ) Hey . Good job . Well , it came in handy when I had to make A few trips out of chester 's mill . Those drug runs you used to do with coggins . It 's all ancient history . ( deeply inhales ) Well , I got to say ... ( sighs ) ... I never expected to be the one thanking you For saving my life . Yeah , well ... Meet the new big jim . Right . From the angle of the impact , The killer must 've struck like this . But the angle doesn 't necessarily Tell us their height . Well , whoever did this Had to have a lot of strength . You think I 'm nuts For defending someone I don 't know ? Taking all this on as your responsibility . And a little nuts . Looks like angle Got a piece of whoever Did this to her . Those bruises ... Are lividity . Blood pools after death . Those are the fingertips of a hand- - A big hand . A man 's . Definitely not a girl . We got to get down to the station . Let 's get that poor girl released . Why 'd you do it ? Why 'd you kill angle ? I didn 't . It wasn 't me . We know you 're lying . Tell us the truth now . Go ahead . ( trembling ) Do it ! Well , then I will . You don 't want to do this . You took my sister from me . Please . ( panting ) Julia : Joe . Joe , stop . It wasn 't her . We found bruising on angle 's arm From a man 's hand . A man ? Joe ? Put the gun down . Did you hear me ? She saw angle , But there wasn 't enough time to save her . She didn 't do it , joe . ( briskly exhales ) ( sighs ) That 's two days in a row now , That girl owes her life to you and that ... Sam guy . It 's good you made it To the cell in time . I don 't think joe would 've done it . I 'm really glad we didn 't have to find out . Big jim will probably tell people He saved her life today . He didn 't have to tell me about that reserve tank , But he did . Yesterday , We save his life , he can barely utter a " thank you . " In some strange way , he tried . A few words does not change the fact that All he cares about is his Folklore status . And he 's not the only one fueling it . Rebecca 's been ... Talking him up all over town . She 's also the one who discovered the whole ... Crop problem in the first place . But a few science textbooks Is not gonna solve what 's happening here . She doesn 't know everything about this dome . And we do ? I 'm sorry , but " the dome " ... Let big jim live And an innocent girl die . It does not care what happens To us down here . I-I don 't understand anything that 's happening . But I 'm starting To feel like I 'm losing you , Like I 'm losing your trust . Why ? Because I need to agree with you To trust you ? And sam verdreaux He agrees ? Hey , there . Jim ... How are you ? How are you ? Hey . Hey . How you holding up ? Angie was one of your students . When she made it to class . I always liked her . It must be terrible for your son , Knowing the killer 's still out there . I 'm sure it 's too hard for him to be here . Yeah , I wish I could ... Do more for him . You do plenty . I hate that he 's getting to be the hero . If they only knew you 'd saved him . It 's not about one day . Heroes leave behind a good story , But a great leader leaves a legacy . The dome chose me to lead , do you ? I believe chester 's mill chose you . And they 're gonna need us . You , especially , today . Well ... I don 't think joe wants me Anywhere near this church today . Joe is not the only one who 's lost someone . They 're about to start , and joe isn 't here . He can 't miss his own sister 's funeral . Yeah , I 'll ... I 'll find him . Okay . Everybody 's waiting for you back at the church . I 'm looking for her bracelet . She always wore it And she didn 't have it on when ... And you think she left it here ? She lost it somewhere And she 'd want it . I know she 'd want it . No . She 'd want to know that you were okay . You always came first . Then why did she leave me ? And what was she doing at the high school all alone ? I don 't understand who could do this to her . Hey . I promise you We 're gonna catch whoever did this . You can 't promise that . You don 't know . You don 't know anything . No , I do know . I lost someone . And I was so mad ... I didn 't want to go to some church And watch the show . You know , all those people ... Maybe they cared ... Maybe they didn 't . But there is not a day That I don 't wish that I had taken the chance To say good-bye . I 'm not ready to . Yeah . ( sobs ) I know you 're not . But I 'm gonna be right here , all right ? You 're not alone . Our losses over the past few days Are almost too much for us to bear : Our beloved sheriff , linda esquivel , And now an innocent young woman With her whole life ahead of her , Snatched away from us . No one has any answers . No one can tell us why . But I promise you , I will never rest Until angle gets the justice she deserves . Angie 's bracelet ? ( guests murmur quietly ) There 's almost nothing That can make us understand why Angie was taken so soon . She was a daughter , A sister . She had big dreams . Whatever differences We may have had in the past , We need to be there for each other now . Amen . Amen . Amen . You know , for most of my life I 've only had faith in one thing That I could sell a car to anybody who came on my lot . ( quiet laughter ) But these past few days , We 've had a ... A storm of ... Of epic proportions . An infestation ... No , a plague . Why ? Because we are being tested By some power that is bigger than any of us . And after these trials , I have found my faith . That we are all here for a reason . And what I want to know Is , what do you have faith in ? It 's you , jim . Man : Big jim . ( guests murmuring ) Well , that means a lot , I-I appreciate that , But it 's not about me . It 's about us . We have to pull together . Julia ( whispering ) : Look at them . They would do anything for him . Thank you , jim . Such inspiring words . Thank you , andrea . They loved you . Well , I meant it . Every word . Hmm . Well , we 're gonna need it . Angie 's death was bittersweet . Excuse me ? Well , angie was taken too early But spared what 's to come . I 'm afraid you 'll need to keep that eulogy on hand . What are you talking about ? We saved the crops today . I-I 've taken inventory of our other supplies , which ... You 've taken inventory of the wrong thing . We 're the problem , jim . It 's us . There are too many people In here for our limited resources . We can 't all survive . ( knocking at door ) I 'm coming . ( knocking continues ) Junior ? What 's going on ? I think I did it . I think I killed angle . Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
