 [ dr . Nicholas rush ] : I may be on the verge Of discovering the true nature of destiny 's mission . [ eli wallace ] : You 've had control of this ship The whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? [ camile wray ] : The lucian alliance is planning An attack on earth . [ colonel young ] : I killed riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . [ young ] : There is no mission Other than getting these people home . [ rush ] : It was never about going home . It 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . That is one hell of a battlefield . Was a battlefield . Now it 's a graveyard . [ chloe armstrong ] : It 's spreading faster now . I 've tried to fight it , but it 's stronger than me . Sooner or later , I 'm going to stop being me And become something else . There 's nothing you can do to stop it . [ lieutenant scott ] : Tell me you 're not The least bit weirded out flying through this ? [ sergeant greer ] : Anything that could hurt us Is long dead and gone , brother . [ scott ] : I think I just saw something . [ young ] : Well , what is it ? I 'm not sure . Colonel , this is camile . We 're not alone out here . A ship just dropped out of ftl . It 's a seed ship . Destiny , this is telford . I got a hell of a story to tell you And not much time to tell it . They call themselves the ursini . [ eli ] : Wait a minute , these aliens helped you Out of the goodness of their hearts ? They need our help . They engage their ftl drives while we 're docked , And we jump with them . [ wray ] : That 's possible ? [ rush ] : Theoretically , yes . We 've been tricked . So much for our deal with the ursini . We just got a message from the seed ship . [ young ] : What does it say ? " target the command vessel . " Shields are weakening And several weapons platforms are down ! You might want to consider falling back . There 's nowhere to fall back to . [ blows thud ] Step away from that console ! It 's too late . What did you do ? Chloe , what did you do ? There 's hundreds of these things ! There 's no way we 're gonna be able to shoot them all down . What about the main weapon ? No , that 's useless against the drones . The command ship 's out of range . It 'd just be a waste of power . Chloe , tell me what you did . I sent a signal . To who ? No ! No , no , easy , easy ! Stand down ! [ cocks gun ] don 't move . Wait , wait , wait ! Just wait , wait ... Chloe ... Look , the aliens who took me , they followed us to this galaxy . They 've been looking for us ever since . Now they know where we are . [ ¶ ] Three hyperspace windows just opened . More drones ? No , they 're ships . It 's the aliens from the other galaxy . They 're headed straight for us . She sold us out . Just hang on . I told you this might come down to you and me . I know , but not now , not yet . I 'm still in control . I did it to help us . It 's our only chance . What are you talking about ? Half the drones just veered off . They 're attacking the alien ships . They don 't discriminate . Anything that 's not part of the cluster is a target . We might just be able to hold them off now . Sorry , sorry ! Some of them are still getting through ! Colonel , this is scott . We found chloe . It looks like she may have given away our position To the aliens who took her . Roger that , lieutenant . We got ' em on our screens . Sir , she says she did it as a diversion , To give us a chance to get to the command ship . I was gonna say It 's our chance to get the hell out of here . No , we 'll never get out of this system , Not without ftl . Put her in a holding cell , And this time make sure she doesn 't get out . Yes , sir . Everett , I hate to say it , but I think rush is right . This could be our only chance . There 's a lot of drones protecting that command ship . If we do this , we 're gonna take pretty heavy fire . Maybe not . I-I 've been thinking . They all take their orders from the command ship , right ? Probably through some sort of subspace communication . Well , what if we could jam that signal , Even for just a few seconds ? That might give us the time that we need . Can that work ? It just might . Let 's plot a course for the command ship . Eli , go . I 'll help with weapons . Give me all the speed you can muster . [ door cranks open ] Believe whatever you want , matt , But I did this for all of us . [ door hisses shut ] Three-man detail here at all times . Yes , sir . We 're on course for the command ship . We 'll be there in two minutes . How 's it coming , rush ? Almost there . We just lost another shield generator . We 've got multiple hull breeches . Seal off all affected areas . Prep the main weapon . [ hydraulics whining ] [ alerts beep ] Shields are failing . If we keep up this acceleration We 're going to lose hull integrity . Now would be a good time , rush ! I should have just kept my mouth shut . Patience , eli . All right , I 've got it . The drones have stopped firing . It 's working ! Are we in range ? Just a few more seconds . They 're gonna re-establish the signal ! Just hold on . That 's it , we 're in range . Fire ! Got ' em . Nice shooting . There 's no sign of activity from the drones . It looks like they 've all gone dormant . See what you can do when you apply yourself ? How 's it going with those aliens , chloe 's friends ? Two of the ships were destroyed in the battle . The other one 's just sitting there . Oh , that 's giving off a lot of radiation . Probably just as damaged as we are . Well , let 's hope so . That 's good . Okay , thank you . How 's it going ? Could be worse , I suppose . A lot of minor injuries , Couple of serious burns , But no fatalities . What about baras ? Chloe broke his arm in two places . Did you know she could do something like that ? No . [ brody ] : All right , the good news is Ftl didn 't take any more damage . In fact , we should have it back online pretty soon . And the bad news ? [ volker ] : Um , you 're looking at it . It 's a shield emitter relay . There are four more just like it , Completely burnt out . We have to bypass them Before we can restore full coverage , Which we need in order to jump . How long ? Couple of hours at least . Keep me posted . Where 's rush ? Last I heard He was heading to the control interface room . Okay , want to grab a flashlight ? [ footsteps approach ] Just going over chloe 's handiwork . You know , she bypassed the communications panel On the bridge , And that took some doing . Well , she claims she did it to help us . And so it did . This time . Wait a minute , I thought you liked the new chloe . Well , did I ever give the impression I didn 't like the old one ? Just because I took A pragmatic approach to her situation Doesn 't mean to say I don 't care for her . If I could have done something to stop it , I would have . She took out a guard twice her size . Yeah , and walked through a lock-down protocol Like it wasn 't there . Neither of us may want to admit this ... She 's beyond our control . [ static crackles ] everett , this is david . Go ahead . I 've been in contact with the ursini on the seed ship . We 've got a problem . What the hell were they thinking ? They didn 't trust us . They thought the second we were clear of the system We 'd be on our merry way and leave them holding the bag . Well , that would have been the logical thing to do . It 's not our fight . Well , it is now . With the drones deactivated , The ursini thought it was safe To finally contact their colony . The signal that they got back was in machine language . It was another command ship . The only possible conclusion Is that the colony had been found by a second cluster And destroyed . So they really are the last of their kind . More than likely , But that 's not the only problem . When they sent the signal , they gave away our position . Exactly . More drones are coming . Could you hold it up , please ? Progress , gentlemen ? Uh ... Flashlight ? Yeah , uh , we-we 've run a bypass Through this section . We 're about to test it . Okay , we 're good to go . Park , you reading me ? Go ahead . Let 's power up , say 10 % . Copy . 10 % . Okay , here it comes . [ humming to life ] So far so good . Let 's go to 50 . Roger . 50 . [ explosion ] Cut it , cut it , cut it ! Okay , so it might take longer than we thought . Flashlight ? [ sparks burst ] Wait , I thought the ftl was fixed . It is , But without full shield coverage , We risk tearing the ship apart the second we jump . How long till the second cluster gets here ? There 's no way to know for sure . It could be anytime . I don 't suppose there 's any chance Of negotiating with these things ? It 's an automated weapons system . The ursini believe That the civilization that created them Died out a long time ago . They 're machines . One simple directive- - Find alien technology and destroy it . Reasoning with them is not an option . What about the ursini ? We did a tandem jump with them before . Why can 't we do it again ? Well , that doesn 't solve our basic problem , Unless they can extend their shields All the way around the destiny , Which I doubt . Even if we trusted them enough to try it , Which I 'm guessing we don 't , They blew their ftl by dropping out so quickly . That was a one-shot deal for them . We managed to jam the command signal temporarily , right ? Maybe there 's a way Of making it permanent . Not without a greater understanding Of the technology involved . Maybe we should get one . One of the drones , I mean . Right now those things are totally harmless , At least theoretically , And I 'm pretty sure we could fit One of the smaller ones In the back of the shuttle . Now , wait a minute , wait a minute . You want us to bring one of those things on the ship ? What I want Is to be as far away from here as possible . You know , he 's right . It could be very useful . And very dangerous . This new cluster 's going to have Its own command ship , right ? Yeah , most likely . All right , so when it shows up , What happens to the drones that are already here ? Well , that 's just one of those things We 're going to have to try and find out , isn 't it ? Suit up . So , you really think this is a good idea ? I think We don 't get paid to think . We get paid ? Hey ! What are you doing here ? I guess it 's my turn to go for a ride . Congratulations . All right , sir , we are all cross-checked And good to go . Lieutenant , be careful . Copy that . Launching shuttle . Any activity from the drones ? Nothing yet . We got a big one coming up here , 2 : 00 high . No reaction . It looks like eli was right . That doesn 't mean I want you spending Any more time out there than necessary . Let 's get this done , get you back inside . I 've got a candidate . Two kilometers dead ahead . Let 's go get it . Open the door . [ door cranks open ] I 'm sorry about this . After what I did to corporal baras , I can hardly blame them , can I ? [ breathing hard ] Just breathe normally . You all right ? I 'm good . I 'm switching off artificial gravity . Going to mag boots . Roger that . Venting atmosphere . [ air hisses ] Keep your eye on those screens , sergeant . I see it . Open the door . Okay , we need to move left about a meter . Okay , now down a little . Now straight back . That 's it , we got it . Repressurizing . Now , slowly reinstate artificial gravity . [ thud ] [ gasps ] I said slowly . Sorry . Is it-is it doing anything ? I don 't think so . I think we 're good . I need your status , lieutenant . Sir , we got it onboard . It doesn 't seem to be doing anything , So I guess we 're gonna head back . Nice work . [ alert beeps ] Hang on . We 've got movement out there . [ alerts beep ] whoa , whoa , whoa . Proximity alert . Is it a drone ? I don 't think so . Too big . Way too big . Oh boy . Uh , sir , we got a little problem here . That alien ship , The one that survived the battle , It just parked itself right in front of us . What 's it doing ? Right now , it 's just sitting there . I-I 'm gonna try something here . I 'm gonna try backing away real slow . Are you sure that 's a good idea ? Well , we gotta get this thing back to the ship . Can 't stay out here forever . [ console beeps ] Wait , we 're getting a message . What 's it say ? " no escape . " So , they 're saying That if the shuttle tries to return to destiny , Or if we make any hostile moves , they will open fire . What do they want ? Our help . They 've intercepted the ursini 's signal . They know another wave is coming . It 's a ploy to keep us here , Force us to help fend off the drones While they get their hyperdrive back online . But we need the shuttle . We need to study the drone . I say we call their bluff . Let them know what 's happening . Agree to help them Only on the condition that they let the shuttle come back . They 'll assume we 're lying . They don 't know that we can 't jump . I don 't think we give them a choice . If they 're half as badly damaged as we are , They 're not going to want to fight . They 're going to have to trust us . We 're going to have to trust each other . They 've got something we need . What are you talking about ? Chloe . What about her ? If anyone can undo what 's happening to her , It 's them . They 're the ones who did it to her in the first place . You want us to send her over there , With all that 's happened ? With everything that she knows about this ship ? We 've exhausted all medical avenues . We cannot keep her onboard the ship . This could be our last chance . The colonel 's not going to force you to go , But if you don 't , Chances are he 'll ... Put you off the ship At the first opportunity . Doesn 't seem like you have much to lose . You 've never been on one of those ships . I 'm sorry . I wish I could have done more to help you . With all due respect , sir , this sounds crazy . How-how do we know they 'll do what they say , How do we even know they 'll give her back ? Look , I know this is difficult , lieutenant , But we 've run out of options . Yes , sir , if you say so . [ console beeps ] They 're sending a message . They 've agreed to our proposal . You do realize there 's a good chance This is what they wanted all along . Everett , listen to me . I 've been trying to contact the ursini . They 're not responding anymore . The seed ship 's gone dark . So ? So maybe that 's something we should consider . Power down completely , Everything but minimum life support . If we have no energy signature , Then we 're just another hunk of metal In the graveyard . But even if we 're not giving off em , We 're still going to stand out like a sore thumb . I 'm just saying maybe they know something that we don 't . They have fought these things before . Yeah , and they , uh , They got wiped out , didn 't they ? [ door cranks open ] [ airlock hisses ] [ whistles in appreciation ] You sure you want to bring this thing inside ? [ brody ] : We need to hook it up To the ship 's diagnostic equipment . It 's the only way . Is it heavy ? One way to find out . Why don 't you go grab that kino sled ? All right , thanks . [ tap ] On three- - One , two , three ! [ groaning ] Yeah , it 's heavy . It 's heavy . Okay , ease it down ... [ thud ] You better be sure about this . All right , let 's move . Let 's get out of here . I have to say I 'm a little surprised That you of all people Would be the one to suggest this plan . Why 's that , then ? For all we know , They 're going to download Every scrap of information she has on destiny The second they get her onboard . Well , with chloe back to normal , The odds of them ever tracking us again Are virtually nil . Doesn 't matter what they discover About the ship . Yeah , assuming they honor the deal . Well , there 's no point in keeping her . If she begins to change again , We 'll soon know , won 't we ? Well , still , if I didn 't know any better , It almost looks like You 're willing to put the ship And the mission at risk For the sake of one individual . Well , that 's the problem , isn 't it ? You don 't know any better . [ ¶ ] I 'll take her over there , sir . Colonel ... Good luck . Okay , now what ? Looks like there 's a catch here . Whoa , whoa , whoa . You think that 's a good idea ? Well , if we can 't open it , we can 't study it . [ button beeps ] [ they yelp ] Okay . Now what ? Looks like they 're inviting us in . [ beeping controls ] If you would 've asked me A couple of years ago Where I 'd be today , This wouldn 't have been one of my guesses . Chloe ... You were right . I let it get to me . I let it change The way I look at you . No , it 's not your fault . The time that I have spent on that ship ... I 'm not gonna lie , it 's been hard . But some of it Has also been amazing ... And that is because of you . If you hadn 't been there , I don 't think I would have made it this far . That 's not true . You 're much stronger than that . You just don 't know it . This is my moment , okay ? Don 't contradict me . I love you . I love you , too . [ rush ] : Progress ? [ volker ] : Uh , well , we 've managed to crack The basic machine code , But the programming is incredibly complex . We 're trying to isolate the subroutine That regulates communication with the command ship , But so far no luck . No , this is excellent work . Well done . Thank you . Eli and I will take over from here . I need you two back on shield duty . Uh , kemp and his team- - Oh , they 're very competent I 'm sure , But we 're against the clock , And I need to know my best people are on it . Okay . A full report in an hour , understood ? You got it . Wow , that was ... Almost nice . No , they were just going to get in the way . Let 's get down to some real work . Ah . Destiny , this is scott , come in . Shoot , I don 't know , maybe you 're reading this . I 'm in some kind of hangar bay , They could be blocking the signal . The aliens took chloe . Jeez , it was only a few minutes ago , Feels like it was hours . I don 't know , I guess there 's no way of knowing How long this is gonna take . I-I 'm not leaving without her . I just , uh ... I don 't know , I ... I just hope she 's gonna be okay . [ heartbeat pounding ] Second command ship just dropped out of hyperspace . Drones are en route . Eta ? 12 minutes . Rush , come in . Second wave just dropped out . They 're on their way . Have any activity on the drone ? Negative . Are any of the others from the first group Powering up ? So far , nothing . Still dormant . Well , that answers one question . They 're not taking orders from the new command ship . That gives me an idea . Hang on . Rush , what about the plan ? Can we permanently disrupt their communications or not ? Well , unfortunately , It seems like there 's no way to jam the signal For any longer than a few seconds Before they adapt . Not long enough in a battle situation . We 're pursuing alternatives . Such as ? Well , you 'll be the first to know . Rush out . Lieutenant ... How much training have you had with these systems ? As much as anyone else on the ship , sir . Which is ? About an hour , simulated . All right , you 're going to do fine . I want you to handle power distribution , Do not let any of the active emitters Drop below critical , And stay on top of any sections that lose atmospheric pressure . Yes , sir . [ alerts beeping ] Oh , crap . David , focus your fire On any drones approaching areas Where the shields are still down . Copy , but they 're gonna clue in eventually . I know . [ airlock hums ] Hey , chloe ? You all right ? You 're gonna be okay . I 'm going to get you home . There 's a lot of targets ! You got this , david . Whoa ! Destiny , This is scott . Lieutenant , what 's your status ? I 've got chloe . We 're on our way back , But it seems that we 've got A little problem here . Yeah , you noticed that , did you ? I 'll take out as many as I can . Negative , lieutenant , we 're not here to destroy them , Just hang on long enough till we jump . Just keep clear of destiny for now . They 'll focus on the larger target . No , I 've got full shields , you don 't . Don 't worry , sir , we 'll be okay . They 're starting to realize where we 're vulnerable . I 'm taking more and more fire concentrated on exposed areas . Rush , whatever you 're gonna do , You got to do it now ! [ eli ] : I got it , I got it ! Look at this . Recognition software , friend or foe . Right now the drones that were here first Are ignoring the second wave , Because they don 't have a command ship Telling them which side they 're on . What if we tell them that they 're the enemy ? We use the same I.D. Tag that they used for us . Yeah , that could work . The only problem is , if we want to upload The new program to the other drones ... We 'd have to power this one up first . You want to what ? [ rush ] : Look , there 's no other way . If that thing starts shooting , We 're not going to be able to stop it . It will tear us apart from the inside . I don 't think that 's gonna happen . Sergeant greer , I need a security team in the lab Where they 're working on the drone , now . [ greer ] : Roger that . We 've got a new problem . The alien ship just jumped to hyperspace . Good for them . No , but the drones they were attacking , They 're heading our way . That 's too many . We can 't hold them all off at once . Rush , how long till that program is ready ? Give us five minutes . You don 't have five minutes . Uh , destiny , I 'm not sure if you 're seeing this , But we 've got a whole bunch more of those drones Coming your way . We 're tracking them . I want you out of there . Sir- - I just gave you a direct order , lieutenant . Break off , now . Yes , sir . What are you doing here ? Colonel 's orders . So , what , if we manage to power up this drone , And it starts opening fire , Do you think there 's anything you can do To stop it ? I 'm sure as hell gonna try . I 'm getting damage reports from all over the ship , Multiple secondary explosions . Rush , you 're out of time . Rush ! Something 's happening , drones are veering off ! Sir , it 's the seed ship ! The ursini are making a run For the command ship . They don 't have the firepower or shields to get through . I thought they were going to wait it out . Sir , we 're getting a message . Patch it through to me . It says they 're sorry for getting us into this . It 's a suicide run . They 're gone . Rush , we 've just been given a window That 's gonna close fast . Activate the damn program . [ drone humming ] Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Hold your fire , hold your fire . Eli , upload the program . Destiny , this is scott . Whatever you guys did , it worked . These drones are firing on each other . We should be able to dock now . Make it quick , lieutenant . Okay , I 'm good . You good ? Are we good ? Yeah , we 're good . Uh , bridge , this is brody . We 're ready with our last bypass . You can power it up . Let 's do it . [ humming to life ] Looks like it 's holding . Status ? Shields are now covering the whole ship , But they 're only at 5 % power . We 've just taken too many hits . What 's minimum safe ? We 've never jumped at less than 10 % . Rush , this is young . We 're ready here , but we have a small problem . Shields are holding at 5 % . That 's not enough . We 're talking about ftl here . One small weak spot And the entire ship gets ripped apart . We don 't have a choice . Even if the program holds , And there 's no guarantee that it will , The first wave is seriously outnumbered . They 'll be massacred in a matter of minutes , And we 're right back where we started . We have to take the risk . This is scott . The shuttle is docked . Let 's go for it . Ftl in three ... Two ... One . [ ship rumbling ] [ rumbling subsides ] Shields seem to be holding . I think we 're going to be okay . You might want to shut this thing down now . Oh , right , yeah . Good idea . [ drone thuds to floor ] How 's the patient ? So far , bloodwork is normal , lesions are gone , And no more blackouts . As far as I can tell , she 's cured . I 'm glad to hear it , but just in case- - I know . You want to keep me under observation For a while . It 's okay , I understand . It 's good to have you back . Hey , I 'll come see you as soon as I can , okay ? Okay . Hey , how 's that damage report coming ? I 'll arrange a briefing when we 're ready , But it 's not going to be pretty . Hey ... You wanted to see me ? Yeah . Matt told me it was your idea to send me over there . Yeah . I 'm sorry you had to go through that . There was no other way . No , I wanted to thank you . You saved my life . Again . Well , you saved all of us . It was the least I could do . They 're never going to give up . You know that , right ? Whatever information they got from me , It 's just going to make them want the ship even more . Yeah , I know . Before matt came in , I was working on some equations , Just to see if I could still do it . They 're perfect . But I 'm supposed to be back to normal . Obviously they haven 't , uh , wiped your memory . You managed to retain Some of the knowledge you gained . I should think that 's a good thing . Because I can still be useful ? Everyone on this ship is useful , Not just those That are capable of ftl calculations . We all belong here . You really believe that ? More and more every day . If colonel young Hadn 't left me on that planet , To be found by those aliens , And if they hadn 't taken you , And you hadn 't been put through That transformation , Well , it 's more than likely We wouldn 't have survived this attack . So everything happens for a reason . Yeah , well , If you 'd said that to me a couple of years ago , I 'd have dismissed it as superstition , A classic weak-minded response To the overwhelming complexity of the universe . And now ? Well , let 's just say you 're not the only one That 's gone through some changes . You should get some rest . Yeah . Subs straight from CC 00000
