 AIKEN : Every day birthed anew . Born a promise . A million possibilities taking shape under each new day 's sun . But what if the next time that sun rose there were no possibilities at all ? Only death . Yours and of everything you 've ever known . How would you act in that darkness beforehand ? How would you go out ? We are simple things , soldiers . We are taught honor . Honor means sacrifice . Sacrifice means death . Either our own , or our enemy 's . In some ways , beneath it all , that 's all a soldier 's really trained for . To undo all of God 's work . To take life where only God can give it . Were it that we were not soldiers but gods . I 'll tell you , Locke . Worst thing about being at peace with the Covenant we 're reduced to this . Trailing small fish . [ Speaking alien language ] Never know . Chatter we 've been getting off this guy is he 's up to something . Something that would not bode well for the UNSC . Any bets on what he 's carrying ? Drugs . Exotic fauna ? HORRIGAN ON EARPIECE : You actually just said that , didn 't you ? Gotta say something to keep it interesting . [ Speaking alien language ] That interesting enough for you ? Vector in . What 's a Covenant dropship doing here ? Backwater like Sedra ? HORRIGAN : What the hell ? An Elite Zealot ? Been years since I 've seen a roach . ESTRIN : Whatever he 's got , that 's just black-hole cold . Stasis refrigerant ? That 's only used for one thing . A bomb . Not good . We 're moving people . Split up . Ramos , the little one . Copy . [ Grunting ] I got him . Gaines , it 's Locke . Target just handed off to a Zealot . An Elite ? We think it 's a bomb . Where is he ? Where 'd he go ? He 's heading for the city . Vectoring to you now . [ Water running ] He 's broken into a city access tunnel . Might lose comm inside . HORRIGAN : Roger that . Horrigan , mark my last . [ Footsteps fading ] He ran from the fight . His target must be the city . We 've got the east side , Locke . What 's there ? Talk to me . Main market . Maybe 500 Sedrans . Damn it , we gotta take him out . He 's been seen entering the mall . [ Gun firing ] [ Panting ] It 's over . [ Breathing heavily ] Give it to me . [ Whirring ] [ People screaming ] That can 't have been it . What kind of device was that ? No damage ? It could have been a dud . An Elite Zealot wouldn 't come all this way to make a mistake like that . Why did they come all the way out here at all ? We gotta tell Admiral Goodwin . He 's at the UN meeting . I wouldn 't rattle any cages till we know what we 're dealing with . [ Gasping ] What 's going on with her ? I don 't know . She 's been affected by something ... [ Gaines groaning ] Gaines ... [ Alarm blaring ] Keep breathing . - Secure the entrances . - Yes sir , Colonel . Keep breathing . You 're gonna be alright , you hear me ? Hold it . ONI , we 're clear . Only Sedran passports get entrance . I 've got wounded , Colonel . We can talk politics later . Go ahead . Get ' em to decon unit with the rest of his team . I don 't want ' em spreading this thing if contagious . Yes sir , Colonel . AIKEN : Like that someone can play God to you . Someone you don 't know . Invisible , like a malevolent force beyond the firmament . Taking from you our only birthright . Life . So what do we do ? Just wait ? Find out if it gets us ? Medical says they 've never seen anything like it . But if we 're not showing symptoms at this point , we might be in the clear . What the hell did they do to us ? Ramos . Talk to me , medic . What do you got ? They 're coming in from further and further from the blast site . People eight , ten kilometers away are being affected . Population of this ward is 100 % human . It 's not affecting other species . You 're saying they got their hands on a compound that selectively kills humans and nothing else ? RAMOS : It 's not a compound . An element . Closest they can pin it is the 120 family . But with a transmutation of some sort that makes it something no one 's ever seen . This thing randomly compromises human DNA , but not others . Covenant 's found their holy grail then , haven 't they ? Way of wiping us out without firing a shot . When we 're supposedly not even at war . Question is , why Sedra ? Why use this on an outer colony ? Why not hit population centers like Gannick 22 ? Test run , probably . Porous borders . Mixed population . This one works , they go for the big fish . Sedrans think this is the mining tug that was used to smuggle in the element . The pirates can 't be found . Check that out , Estrin . Yes sir . Hey Locke . Here comes our Sedran Colonel . What do you got ? Let you know when the time 's right . I suggest we work together on this . We both want the same thing . ONI doesn 't work alongside anyone . It 's just you and everyone else way below . So you know I don 't write policy . My two soldiers are up in ICU because of that blast . Soldiers I 'm responsible for . I 'm asking you as a fellow officer . Show them back to the base , Macer . Sir . You 're gonna tell me who flew that tug . [ Grunting ] You keep playing stupid , you 'll be dead inside an hour . Colonel Aiken . Mind if we step in , take a shot ? All I mind is you shutting up and knowing your place . [ Grunts ] This is on you . You know that , don 't you ? They weren 't after us , they were after you . UNSC . 'Cause you were operating here , on our turf . You take the good with the bad and the UNSC have done a lot of good for you . You 're here to expand UNSC 's power , nothing else . Without a clue about the cultures you assimilate . [ Snarling ] LOCKE : He says he 's only a middleman . Told to carry some things to a landing site and not to ask any questions . But he did anyhow . He couldn 't find out what he was carrying , but found out where it came from . He says it 's sourced from a place no one will go . He says it 's sourced from hell . A place so doomed even the Elites Zealots won 't go there . So they but it from someone who will . If we work backward through the tug 's positioning , you 're never gonna believe where we end up . Intense red giant . Half a dozen charred planets around it , but that 's not the interesting part . It 's the Halo ring . That 's Alpha Halo . Exactly . The one the Master Chief destroyed . And now it 's come back to haunt us . The explosion and the triggered slipspace scatters the ring to break across the galaxy . This one apparently ends up in our red giant 's orbit . Be a major peace violation if anyone went there . Treaty says no one goes back to the Ring . Not UNSC , not Covenant . You think this is where they 're sourcing the element ? Problem is , there 's no record of an element like that on a Halo ring . MACER : Before the explosion . After it could be a different story . You got a point , private . Get to it . Macer . Private first class , sir . And the point 's easy . For all we know what blew up the Halo ring was a supernova-level event . Right push and pull of fission and fusion and new elements are formed . Like our mystery element , Let me guess . You majored in Physics . R-regional Nav . Physics I just leafed through when I was bored . Display object 's composition . Element range : 120 to 130 . Cross-reference other planets , celestial bodies with this element . Expand search . Galaxies , known universe . Looks like we got a one-off . An element fatal to humans . Native to this little piece of Halo ring and nowhere else . 96 square kilometers . We can nuke it . Launch it from a destroyer . Hold up on that . What do you got , Estrin ? Another inbound . Tug , just like this one . Looks like someone 's going back to no man 's land . We don 't have a lot of time , Admiral . Be a bold move , Locke . Send a team in , destroy the deposits , nab whoever it is that 's mining the stuff . And find out who they 're selling it to . We know who they 're selling it to . Just need proof . Hard proof the Covenant 's broken the treaty . Then give me the okay . We 're the only ones in the region who can do anything about it . Sir , if I may . Well , it 's just , I think there 's more you should know . Because of its orbit , this piece of the ring . has got rotation just like any other planet . But the spin 's fast . Full day-night cycle 's only 16 hours . And ? Well , because of proximity to that star daytime temperatures reach 900 degrees . HORRIGAN : They 're working the night shift . Harvesting the element and they 're long gone before the sun comes up . Cools to about 130 degrees or so at night because of the mass . Gotta admit to them they do have balls . We still have enough time to get there before they 're done . We destroy the deposits with the Havok , grab our smugglers , be off-planet within hours . Havok 's a big ask . These are big circumstances , sir . Look , you wanna do this tonight , your only option is the Sedrans . Where 's Aiken ? Well , he 's not to be accessed , sir . He 's not to be accessed , sir ! I hear you need a ship . All these years heard about the Halo ring . Never thought we 'd actually step foot on it . Won 't be the Halo ring of yore , that 's for sure . They 're hooking us up with a Condor . LOCKE : Good enough . ESTRIN : Looks like there 's strings attached . Sir ? Oxygen packs . We weren 't planning on co-opting this thing . You underestimate Sedrans , Commander . We get punched in the mouth , we don 't just outsource our fight to other people . We work better alone . You 're lucky ONI is even coming in an advisory capacity . We 're the ones going to be doing all the heavy lifting . We 'll see about that . Lift-off 's in 10 . We can 't do this . These people are two centuries behind us . They still believe in Valhalla . LOCKE : I don 't think we have a choice , Horrigan . [ Powering up ] Ready to go to hell , Colonel ? Ever seen a Havok nuke before ? Your friend 's wrong about us . We can fight . AIKEN : This is a Sedran operation . Well , we 'll be the ones setting the nuke . HORRIGAN : Last chance , Colonel . We can do this on our own . AIKEN : We do this as a team . RAMOS : Something about this place freaks me out . Whole thing 's fried . Used to be rivers , forests . LOCKE : If it was living , it 's dead now . ESTRIN : Not getting any movement . AIKEN : Got a cave , Macer . HAISAL : Put down your weapons , I 'm telling you ! [ Gunfire ] AIKEN : Take cover ! What the hell are they ? ARRIS : They can even sense your movements . HORRIGAN : We gotta get out of this hole .
