 Vasiliy Lebedev was a young peasant from Crimea who decided to go work in a coal mine in Siberia . With his sense of opportunity , his lack of scruples and the end of Perestroika to be taken advantage of , he quickly landed a position overseeing one of the most important power plants in the region . Thanks to the bribes he paid after the fall of the old USSR , he became the sole owner of the power plant , amassing an immense fortune . An introverted character and lover of the paranormal sciences , he travelled constantly around the globe , obsessed with finding clues about the existence of " UFOs " and portals to the " beyond " . On one of his last trips to the US , he bought a performance by an Austrian artist and the artist himself , whose work was based on the field of dimensional mathematics . He secretly and illegally smuggled them in , using an ambulance , and hid them in a warehouse outside his power plant in Siberia . Vasiliy Lebedev died in an airplane crash on a trip with the " London Society for Physical Research " in Sub-Saharan Africa . His body was never found . Four years after his death , the artist remains imprisoned in a warehouse outside the power plant . THE DISTANCE Come in . Bastards ... Baransky , You still owe me money . I always pay my debts . You 'll be paid . What I 'm not so sure about is when . This job isn 't looking too good . It 's a good deal . Don 't think so much . Do you trust him ? I trust him . Nicolai " The Blacksmith " had good things to say about him . He 'll definitely pay . Would someone tell me what this is all about ? I don 't know about you guys , but I didn 't understand the letter at all . We 've got to steal something for an Austrian guy . We 'll see him now . That 's all I know , for the time being . Did we ask for part of it in advance ? I do the negotiating . Take it easy . I hadn 't pictured it like this . He lives in the small warehouse . I want you to rob " The Distance " . What 's " The Distance " ? " The Distance " is in the plant 's Turbine Room . A guard watches over it every day . Can you do it ? We want 25 % now and the rest when we deliver . You have six days . Monday . Good morning , bucket . My chimney says hello . " Calling of the crickets Weighing down the side table Shadow of the path " If you start in on the Haikus , I 'm going to lock you up with the Artist . Stop guarding The Distance and take me to the chimney . The chimney doesn 't want to see you . Not today . " Storm Through the bamboo porch An acorn rolling " " Snow in the painting Still hanging in the spring Covered in dust " " A willow , a cherry tree A willow , a cherry tree Thus , arrayed " Wait . " Downpour The horses ' rumps In unison " Okay , quiet . The wind is moving you away from the chimney today . I 'll take you to see it during the next new moon . Pass me the bread . There 's no way I 'll be eating potatoes every day . So ? Baransky , tomorrow I want meat . I set the traps today ... Get off my back . Volkov , the bucket speaks Japanese . What do you want me to do about it , Scumek ? Learn it . Volkov , you overdid it with the salt again . The guard sat down and removed his shoes . I can hear the sound of high heels . Pluto . He masturbated in bed . When he came , he said , " Pluto . " Pass me the vodka . I 'm going into his house tomorrow . Tuesday . Peeling potatoes , Cinderella ... Fuck off , asshole ! It was easy getting into the guard 's house today through the back window . Why don 't we kill him while he 's sleeping ? I don 't want any deaths . Remember the jeweller ... ? They 're still looking for us . Take a good look at the blueprints of the machine . It 's like the one in St. Petersburg . Yes , but the piston will be larger . We 'll have to take down the wall to the Turbine Room . What I 'm not sure about is where we can get it in ... And if we use dynamite ? We haven 't got any dynamite , Volkov ... Let me see . If we use the old rails from the entrance to the coal mine , they 'd guide us to the boiler which would have to be next to the Turbine Room . Good , Baransky . Seems like you have a brain today . We 've got three days to build it . Anatoly ? Baransky , you son of a bitch ... Wednesday . It 's five thirty . Play the cassette . Don 't add too much salt . I brought you both . What the hell would I want with them ? How are you going to fasten the peephole ? With wire ... We 'll have to put the big wheel on for the axis belt . Okay , leave it here ... Mr. Engineer ... Only one ? The others didn 't want to . I want you to go in and locate the boiler room . Wouldn 't it be easier to finish off the guard ? I 'm the one in charge here . And it 's about the timing . It 's about the timing . It 's about the timing ... I 've had it with you . I 've been here three days and I still haven 't killed anyone . Baransky , use the bird to detect toxic gas and find the room . Bring me the propeller . Do we have to listen to Lenin every day ? Yes ... as long as the domination of the Capital still exists . Tomorrow the moon will unite us . Goodnight , princess . The guard is a mutant . These are the pictures I took of him . I don 't see anything Check this out . The guard is heading to the power plant . He suddenly disappears . And he reappears further along . It 's really strange . This could be " Krasnoyarsk 's Evil " . I heard about that ... while I was doing time in Siberia . At the end of the 70s , twenty-five soldiers stepped forward as volunteers ... for a secret program on new dimensional weapons . Due to the high level oi radiation contamination that they were exposed to , almost all of them died . It was an absolute disaster ... ... my lover died there . But three of them escaped and , because of the testing ... they can 't control the visualization oi their physical matter in movement . When they walk , the idiots sometimes go in and out oi our dimension . The guard must be one of them . You 've got to be a fool to volunteer ... for anything in this life . I found something else in his house . Some portraits . They 're portraits of ... Olga Paviova ... and Jarmina Palivcova Baransky ... Stick your hand in . Connect . See what they say about them . Okay , Mr. Engineer . Volkov ... Is there any liquid poison left ? For the Yokoono baloney ? I 'll check ... There 's still a little . Good evening , Las Vegas . Good evening , Baransky . I need information on Olga Paviova and Jarmina Palivcova . Olga Paviova was a Russian writer , occultist and theosophist . For many years , she maintained two very close relationships with ... the Russian millionaire , Vastly Lebedev and the guard at his Power Plant . From these relationships came ... Jarmina Palivcova . Thank you for the information , Sophie . I need to ask a favor of you ... Has anyone asked about me ? Okay , I 'll check . Today at 13113 ... a man with a mallet asked after your whereabouts . Thursday . Volkov ! What were you doing with my chair ? This chair is mine and you can 't touch it ! What in the world is going on here ? Velkov took my chair ! Okay , calm down , Baransky . Go , Volkov Now . We 'll talk later . Take it easy , Baransky . Listen to me ... we 'll have dinner tonight ... watching the TV . Okay . Good morning , bucket . What about the smoke ? Today is the new moon . You have to take me to the chimney . Bring me clean water to have ... pure white smoke , like my love for her . What time will you take me ? A letter from Olga ... ? What time will you take me ? He 's gotten a letter from his lover . That 's to be expected . It 's Valentine 's Day . When will you take me ? When will you take me ? I 'm going for the water , and I 'll take you . That 's what you get for running away , stupid . Thank you very much . I was born in Japan ... but my parents are Catalan . I was really good at sports as a child . I 'm sick of your hysterical fits . This can 't happen while we 're inside . Velkov brings them out in me ... Baransky , you 've killed Anatoly . Where is the audiometer ? Suck my dick ! Friday . Down the stairs . Not here . I 'm sensing something . What the hell is he doing ? Let him at it . Behind this wall . I can 't see anything . Volkov made a mistake . It has to be here . Shit ! It 's here for sure , Scumek ! My stomach doesn 't lie ! We 'll go in tomorrow . Saturday . They 've got The Distance . I 'll get inside it today . I 'm leaving . I 'm leaving . The End @
