 CJ ENTERTAINMENT PRESENTS A MIRACLE FILMS , POWER ENT GATE PICTURES / PRODUCTION EXECUTIVE PRODUCER JEONG TAE-SUNG INVESTMENT EXECUTIVE / PARK CHEOL-SOO ASSOCIATE PRODUCER / LEE HAN-SEUNG PRODUCED BY KIM BONG-SEO PARK JAE-YONG , SEOK DONG-JUN KIM KANG-WOO KIM BEOM SCREENPLAY WRITTEN BY LEE YOUNG-JONG , HAN JUN-HEE CINEMATOGRAPHER KWON HYEOK-JUN LIGHTING SUPERVISOR YOO YOUNG-JONG PRODUCTION DESIGNER / LEE JOHAN EDITED BY KIM SUN-MIN SOUND RECORDING / JUNG IN-HO SOUND DESIGNED BY STUDIO K ( LEE SEUNG-YUP ) MUSIC BY KIM NAM-YOON VFX SUPERVISOR KIM MIN-SEON ( Digital Studio 2L ) PRODUCER KIM TAE-WON DIRECTED BY KWEON HO-YOUNG THE GIFTED HANDS The miracle was in this cup of water After my business went bankrupt I hit rock bottom and found myself holding a fistful of pills In what would 've been the last sip of water of my life , I smelt a hint of disinfectant and came face to face with my personal miracle Water ! Water that we drink from the moment we 're born to the day we die Yes ! Water ! ZK Communications was born with a company motto : 'Present the world with a cup of miracle Some might call us a pyramid scheme Despite such , pardon me , 'bullshit ' , such a slanderous accusation , is ZK Communications a pyramid scheme ? No What is ZK Communications ? A network marketing company One more time Network marketing This revolutionary marketing system developed in advanced countries will bring you lifelong financial security I shall now announce the Master of the Month Let 's have a drum roll What an outstanding achievement ! With 300,000 points earned this week alone , the honor goes to Mr ... - Yang Chun-dong - Kim Jeong-sik ! You 're under arrest on charges of investment and employment fraud What 's going on ? Remain in your seats Nobody move Get out of the way Out of my way Sneaky bastard Where do you think you 're going ? Who are you ? I 'm an undercover officer Detective Sgt. Yang from Mapo precinct But this is Guro Let 's not get hung up on a technicality What matters is that we got the bad guy , right ? But , Master Yang ... What a disgrace ! A police detective involved in a pyramid scheme ? Why don 't you make it your full-time job ? It 's not a pyramid scheme It 's network marketing ... Network marketing ? ! Is that why you 've been selling water dispensers to police stations ? Have you learned nothing after 3 years working as a detective ? Are you that gullible or just plain stupid ? Ouch , hot ! You should press the button and not pull the lever Push the red button or you 'll break it That 's the least of your worries now Not after what you did to our reputation Alright ! Fine ! Guilty as charged Is it so wrong for us to have a little side job ? We depend on a rat 's ass of a wage risking our lives everyday What are you nodding about ? Shouldn 't we be allowed to set aside a few bucks for our funerals ? I won 't hear any more of it That hurts , man You get yourself burned because you don 't listen What are you looking at ? Bring in petty criminals if you can handle it Quite an artist , aren 't you ? But what you 're doing is illegal You know that It 's a misdemeanor Don 't let me catch you again And urinating in public isn 't ? What the heck , punk ? Stop right there I don 't appreciate your damn tone A cop ? Let me see your face Hey Son of a bitch ! What a fantastic end to a spectacular day Yang You 're on duty tonight ? Yeah See that woman over there ? She says her child 's gone missing I explained that she can only file report after 24 hours and she wants to wait it out Have a chat with her and send her home Why should I talk to her ? Ma 'am , when kids don 't come home when they 're expected in 80 % of the cases , they return home safely within 24 hours Detective My baby will be alright won 't she , Detective ? She 'll be fine , right ? Of course We 're continuing with a door-to-door inquiry As for the T-junction robbery , we 're interviewing the suspect 's friends and family Oh , and ... there was a report of a missing child but we 're ruling out - the possibility of a crime - It could be a kidnapping What ? Kidnapping ? In most kidnap cases , the kidnappers make their demands within 10 hours It clearly isn 't the case here In most cases , not all of them Don 't you know what the point of kidnapping is ? In 90 % of the cases , it 's about money Which means the other 10 % isn 't about money What are you basing your claim on ? Family issues ? Anyone holding grudge ? The kid wasn 't a toddler or mentally-handicapped A perfectly healthy girl vanished on her way home from school Shouldn 't we at least consider the possibility ? Shall we set up a task force ? With what budget ? Manpower ? Don 't you know that we 're short on resources as we are ? I 'm just saying that a missing child is just as important as major crime cases Who says it isn 't ? I 'm saying that we need to prioritize Put yourself in the shoes of the mother She lives alone with her daughter Enough ! We gotta get our priorities straight That 's all for the morning meeting Alright , everyone For the right of the people Yang Sir How convinced are you about this ? It needs to be looked into if there is even the tiniest possibility of a crime Go for it Are you serious ? I mean it It 's better than having you go around selling water dispensers As you command , Lieutenant Excuse me , ma 'am Have you seen this girl ? Missing Sorry , I haven 't Have you seen this kid by any chance ? Missing ... On the way home ... I 'm telling you , man I gotta take a leak - Really ? - Give me a smoke , man - That 's serious shit - We were friends before What 's the matter ? Block off the crowd ! Take pictures there A kid turned up dead You 're early It looks like she 's been dead for a while Take a look at the ankle I 'm positive it 's the missing girl You can 't go in there I 'm the officer in charge Just need to check for burn marks The cause of death will be confirmed after the autopsy but it appears the body had been kept frozen for a while post-mortem There 's no apparent signs of sexual assault It wasn 't about money or the act of a pedophile The killer killed her for no reason ? There are psychos like that Those that kill for no reason or motive Eun-ji Excuse me My baby - Hey - Don 't touch me Ma 'am , you can 't go in there Eun-ji ... Get her out of here Detective Choi Eun-ji ! Ma 'am , you shouldn 't be here Let me find you a seat Who 's in charge here ? Bring her back Officer , please save my little girl She was killed then dumped in a garbage bag only to be discovered a month later The police didn 't take the report of her missing seriously and failed to carry out a preliminary investigation and we haven 't got a clue about the suspects What mess did we get ourselves into ? If you give us a little time ... Set up a task force team with your top men Who was in charge of the case ? Suspension ? Why should I be suspended ? You laughed it off when I said it was kidnapping Can someone explain ? - Yang - Get your hands off of me Yang Chun-dong You said it wasn 't a kidnap case Are you gonna take a swing at me ? Let me take this case Sir You heard me I 'm so sorry The girl who 'd been missing for 30 days was found dead earlier today Her body was discovered only 300 meters from her daycare center The police hasn 't been able to identify the motive other than possible links to money or pedophilia According to the crime lab , the victim 's body was kept frozen before it was buried It was way before the crime scene was discovered Happiness Hey , stop ! Stop ! What do you think you 're doing ? What are you yelling at me for ? I 'm in the middle of carrying out public service You don 't understand how important this graffiti is Did you paint this ? Look at the mess you left for me You got it all wrong I 'm a police officer Let me show you Police officer , my ass Jeez ... Hey ! Hold that for a second Let go of me ! You haven 't got a clue how important this is for me This is very important for me , too I gotta finish this before lunch Let go of me If you 're a police officer I 'm the mayor of Seoul He 's wasting my lunch time . Did you take my picture ? Did you take my picture just now ? - Back off , lady - What the hell did you do that for ? I gotta make record before you paint it over clean Get the camera off my face Stop taking pictures What 's wrong with you , woman ? I 'm hungry . That 's what ... Let go of this Jeez ... Woman , you 're strong Get out of my way Stop it ! I 'm not wearing any make-up Happiness , happiness ... Where the fuck did I see it ? Don 't use f-word talking about happiness Go home to your mom , kid Happiness What ? What ! Hey , kid Come here Don 't go anywhere I 'll be right back Here If a stranger tries to talk to you , blow it hard and loud Alright ? I 'm not the bad guy Jeez ! Kim Eun-ji Son of a bitch ! Did you see a man in a black cap ? All these items belonged to the victim It 's quite far from her house but close to where her body was discovered Looks like the perp found this spot on the way to bury the victim 's body If the killer saw the news he might come back - to get rid of the evidence - What the heck ? How did you know about this place ? How did you find out ? What brings you here ? You 're on suspension You should be laying low I discovered this place and went inside when the bastard in a cap attacked me What are you talking about ? We found this place What the heck , man ? - Don 't touch the evidence ! - Hey ! The bastard hit me over the head and got away This is the task force search area How did you know about this place ? What task force ? I got something to show you Look I got it all on camera One ballsy son of a ... Is that your girlfriend ? Where did it go ? I 'm telling you , he painted this apartment on the wall ! Get a grip , man Get a hold of yourself Son a bitch Hey ! Come here Seoul Art Supplies Detective Yang Come on , man You 're in way over your head After all I did for you , fucking fraud Look ! A cop bashing innocent citizen I 'm only playing Cheeky Come on , man Let me borrow your car Use your own car Can 't you see that I 'm working ? I sold it and invested the money in the damn venture How is that my problem ? I only introduced you to a good investment opportunity Network marketing is the way of the future Alright , alright Just for a week No can do . I 'm in a tight spot and the business is slow Have a fishcake on the house That 's all you can say ? Yup The hell with you Hey ! See you around Would you like some more soup ? Thanks Where are you going ? What the ... ? Is it me ? Damn you , Yang ! You alright , man ? You could 've cooperated when I asked you nicely You make me resort to violence Help me out here You know this neighborhood like the back of your hand The guy lives on his own Where did that come from ? You said the perp dumped the poor kid in a garbage bag It means he treated the girl like trash Why did he freeze her ? When you leave food waste lying around it stinks Most single people freeze their food waste Don 't you do that ? I put mine in the food container for delivery guys to pick up But you smart man ! That 's a valid point So what you 're saying is that our perp is likely to be a man who lives alone I spent 3 years in the big house What the hell am I doing ? Do you know how much reward is at stake in this case ? How much ? Prepare to be impressed Fifty thousand dollars Fifty-fucking-grand ? I know this art shop Go straight then take a left Run the red light There is no camera Okay There 're hundreds of college students that use spray paint But there 's got to be a few that buy particularly a lot We 're right in front of Seoul 's biggest art school There are hardly any art students who have never bought spray paint from me Mister The kids that do graffiti art , they must buy tons of these at a time , right ? Think again , please ? Well There was no one in particular that caught your attention ? Now that you mention it You sent me the wrong color I ordered bright red but you sent me brown-red It 's the same color I use the Montana series Oh , the Montana series Sometimes the delivery boys make mistakes I 'm sorry about that Hey You forgot your change He gave me the creeps He sounds like our guy That 's the one That 's from the Montana series You saw his face , right ? Pale complexion , face kind of longish ... Right ? That 's right With handsome eyes and nose You have his address ? Fifty thousand bucks , fifty thousand bucks Fifty thousand bucks What ... What ? Wait here And whack him over the head if he runs out , okay ? This is fucking exciting - Keep your focus - For fifty thousand bucks , sure ! Yo , punk Remember me ? Public urination ? You do remember Happiness Apartment , you painted it That 's not all you painted You also painted where the girl 's body was buried How come all the places in your graffiti relate back to the dead girl ? The answer is because you were there Why did you kill her , motherfucker ? More importantly , why did you paint about it ? You screwed yourself big time pursuing your artistic hobby Detective Yang I think we got the wrong guy He doesn 't freeze his trash How can he know the crime scene so well ? To the last detail He had an accomplice Go get him Hey man What are you doing ? Keeping yourself busy ? Paint Erase Paint Erase and run Hey buddy This way is blocked , too I 'm faster than you might think ... That idiot ... I got him ! Hold his legs ! Hold him down Get his cell phone ! Here it is You like vintage ? Check the call records There is nothing No incoming nor outgoing calls Check the inbox Inbox ... Inbox ... It 's cleaned out , too You just erased everything , bastard Get him up Kim Jun You must have a lot to hide covering up your painting and text messages It 's a free country Son of a bitch ! There is one entry in the address book Kim Seung-gi ? Give me the phone Now you 're interested ? Kim Seung-gi He 's your accomplice , isn 't he ? You don 't have to answer It 's Yang Can you run an ID check ? It 's urgent Excuse me , Kim Seung-gi ? You bastard ! I 'm sorry about earlier But you weren 't surprised when I grabbed you Because I 've done nothing wrong Of course So you know Kim Jun from high school ? And you haven 't seen him in the last 5 years ? You 're high school friends and lost touch Just friends , huh ? If you 're done , please leave What the hell is this about ? Talking about police brutality Aren 't they supposed to protect the rights of the public ? Not abuse those by bashing up citizens Here Portrait It 's really good Good as a photograph Did you draw it yourself ? Kim Jun Take it What , man ? Fraud Frauds can be cops these days ? That 's quite a rap sheet you 've got You make a great sidekick What are you ? You really haven 't seen him in 5 years ? How can I when he 's in America ? America ? What the hell happened ? What happened , man ? Hey ! Wake up Come on ! Open your eyes Where did he go ? Where 'd he go ? Where the fuck is he ? That kid is weird He 's a freak Are you high or something ? Attempted kidnapping All officers report to station Detective Yang What did he say to you ? He said that I was pretty and that his puppy was sick He asked me if I could watch it He told me to get in the car So what did you do , sweetie ? Did you get in the car ? No , because something wasn 't right The puppy It was frozen Hey , kid Yes ? Can you come here for a second ? Why ? My puppy seems to be sick I was wondering if you could watch him for a while Is he very sick ? Yeah ... He 's acting weird He seems to have no energy Wanna come around and take a look ? Come on You can take a closer look Touch it if you want to Daddy What ? Someone was chasing me What ? Who ? Who the fuck ? Who 's there ? There is nothing for you to take from this shit hole Motherfuckers There 's nobody You little lying bitch Where is my booze ? You used the money for yourself , didn 't you ? No Hell no ! Sneaky little bitch - I didn 't - Don 't lie to me I 'm telling the truth Go out and get me my booze It was roughly 1 am ? I 'm not sure about the time This neighborhood goes totally dark at night Anything else you remember ? - The kid 's father was ... - Excuse me complaining all night that she wasn 't bringing back booze That shoe That shoe and the whistle were on the ground She wasn 't taken by nobody It doesn 't make sense What could a kidnapper want from me ? Cut out the fuss and go back She 'll come back Get flyers distributed Yes , sir What 's the matter ? What ? Damn it - What 's wrong ? Hey ! - Hey ! Yang ! Gas and water will be cut off in a few days I 'll leave the papers for you We 'll have no choice but to enforce eviction I said I don 't need your help Let 's suppose you didn 't kill the girl You must know where she is being held Tell me , you son of a bitch Tell me now How did you paint the graffiti ? Explain I painted from imagination That 's it ! I 'll kill you with my own hands Go ahead . Do it Son of a bitch A kid 's life is hanging by a thread and you painted from imagination ? Where is she ? Answer me , damn it Answer me Get up on your feet , bastard Get up Tell me Tell me now Is that what this is all about ? What did you say ? You think that if you find the missing kids , your brother will come back from dead ? Cute name Gi-dong Yang Gi-dong Wait up , Chun-dong Wait up , Chun-dong Can I tag along ? Can I tag along ? Stay here and play with your toy Take me with you Take me with you Chun-dong , take me with you Chun-dong Gi-dong Gi-dong Gi-dong Gi-dong Don 't pick at the scab or it 'll get infected . Okay ? Missing I rarely do ' thinking Pretending to be thinking is so hard Let 's take five Don 't move , mister Don 't call me that Call me ' big brother' Only old men like to be called ' big brother' Listen to me carefully while you 're drawing You 're walking on the street and some guy pulls up and asks you to help him What do you do ? - Help him - Don 't help him You should never get in the car , okay ? You should never help him either Why ? Because you 're kids Kids don 't have to help adults So , you should never try to help them . Okay ? Yeah I can 't hear you Yes I don 't have long to talk , Detective Let me ask you one question What do you think about this picture ? It 's an bird 's-eye-view image painted from imagination Imagination ? Yes This composition couldn 't have been possible unless he was looking down from the sky Where did you get that picture ? It 's a depiction of the crime scene where the missing girl 's body was discovered Are you surprised ? What you would find more surprising is that Kim Jun painted this long before the crime scene was discovered by the police Kim Jun ? You didn 't know He never went to America I lost my little brother when I was younger I never told anyone about it but Jun knew about it I decided to become a police officer after I lost my brother You know I 'm a detective with the worst performance record but one thing I know for sure is that another child will never be lost on my watch In order to do that , I must know what Jun knows I have to know that to save the missing children Hey , emo ! They tell me you do freaky tricks Something to do with your hand See things by touching Is that right ? Show me what you do Didn 't you hear me , punk ? I 'm asking you nicely , aren 't I ? That 's enough What the fuck are you looking at , freak ? What do you think you 're doing ? Will you give it a rest before I call the teacher ? This is hilarious Tell your teacher on me Go on , bitch Piss pants What ? You went to middle school in Busan You pissed in your pants and got bullied for 3 years Begged your parents to transfer you to a new school What the fuck , freak ? Want me to say more ? Jun had a special ability A special ability ? Supernatural powers Ability to see the past Psychometry An ability to see memory or information entombed in an object through physical contact Psychometry Not long after the incident , Jun left school and we lost touch You haven 't seen him since ? Did you hear anything about him ? I heard there was an accident An accident ? That 's right I see things , too But don 't worry I won 't kill myself like dad did Let 's talk about this later After I get off work , okay ? What work ? You mean selling smiles to men ? I told you that 's not what I do Then give me your hand - Don 't do this to me - Give me your hand Go on Why can 't you hold my hand ? Do I scare you , too ? Mom ... Good morning Hey Let 's put hard feelings aside and talk this out I 've got nothing to say to you Piss off Psychometry I don 't care if you 're a psychic or an alien or God-knows-what But I know that you 're not lying Hey , I really envy your ability I 'd buy it off you if I could It 'll make my job a whole lot easier Kim Jun Who doesn 't have a story from the past ? Don 't be melodramatic How long will you confine yourself in this dark hole ? You 're wasting your life away Do you have any friends ? Ever been in a relationship ? A prickly bastard like you can 't have been in a relationship What happened to your mother wasn 't your fault It was an accident and you know that How long will you live in the past ? I 'm sure your mother would be real proud of you What the fuck do you think you know ? I said I don 't need your money You 're home today , Mr. Kim You know it 's your last day Let 's just get this done and over with Hey ... Punk Why couldn 't you just move out quietly ? Get out of the way Sign with your thumbprint Don 't fight it I would think twice about touching his hand Who the hell are you ? Me ? I 'm his big brother Get up Fuck ! Don 't get smart with me Since when have civil servants been so dedicated to their jobs ? Sneaky son of a bitch Motherfucker ! Get up I said get up You think it 's funny ? Hilarious Son of a bitch ! Get the hell out of here Get the fuck out of here Fucking bastards Fucking thugs Hey You alright ? I 'm okay , I 'm okay You alright , man ? Just a little tired , that 's all Let 's talk later I 'm out of here I 'm just gonna go ... Hey ! Hey ! Eun-ji ! I just saw Girls ' Generation I know It 's been a while since someone made ramen for me Just the wayl like it Got any kimchi ? I 'm asking too much of you How can I help ? It 's not like I can see everything Because memories fade But some things stay with you for a long time It puts a strain on my body afterwards How did you know about the crime scene ? Did you touch something ? I touch these guys I can see some of the things they saw A bird 's-eye-view , of course Summoning pigeons , is that one of your special powers ? Anyone can do this Really ? After practicing for about 4 years Why didn 't you report it to the police ? And tell them what ? Well , you know ... Do you think they 'll take me seriously ? So , you painted it on the wall hoping somebody would see it Can I have some privacy ? Touch it if you want to Kim Eun-ji Little fox , little fox Hey ! Hey ! Wake up , man Hey ! What 's happening ? Let go Let it go Get me some paper We tracked down a specific model of freezer matching the mark left on the body These large capacity freezers are for commercial use typically used by caterers , meat packers and the like We 'll start with visiting relevant businesses ... You 're kidding , right ? When every second is crucial Get out of here Detective Park Come on , man Sir I think we should confine the search to daycare centers Didn 't you hear me telling you to leave ? I 'm talking , for crying out loud ! You little piece of shit ! Stop Stop messing around in here I 'm not talking out of my ass Please hear me out Han ! Let him speak Go on I 'm just coming back from the lab I hear nursery rhymes Also children 's giggle I see balls Colorful balls According to the analysis , they discovered traces of polycarbonate from the victim 's clothes The sort that can be found in play balls you see in ball pools But she may have been to a play room before she got snatched No I talked to the mother The vic had a severe atopic allergy and she was kept away from plastic The only explanation is that she came in contact with these balls after she was kidnapped We can deduce from the facts we gathered that the kidnapper owns a large capacity commercial freezer and runs some sort of play facility Who has both these thing ? That 's why I 'm suggesting we start with daycare centers Furthermore , in child-related crimes perps are likely to keep recordings of the crime as a trophy I suggest we check he suspect 's cellphones , too Yang Yes , sir Are you sure about this ? Are you really sure ? Yes , sir I 'm sure this time Fine . We 'll take Yang 's angle Get moving Yes , sir Come on Every second counts Detective Yang Do you know what time it is ? What took you so long ? - You 're sure this time ? - Get moving - Is this the place ? - Come on We 're investigating a case of a missing girl May we see your freezer ? - Mind if I see your cellphone ? - Here Thank you We don 't mess with the food we feed to the children in our care Thank you for your time You screwed me again Detective Yang If you 're gonna complain Go home Plastic balls and freezer They 're not just in daycare centers Look Barbecue Kiddie ball pool Good evening ! A table for two ? Sir , you can 't go in there with your shoes on We 're from the police They have a freezer of the same model What is it you 're looking for ? Can we speak to your boss ? He 's not here yet When is he coming in ? He should be here soon So when ? Well .. There he comes Can I help ? Are you the owner of this restaurant ? - Can I see your cellphone ? - What 's this regarding ? I 'm from Mapo precinct We 're investigating a case My cellphone ? It 's in the car Let me get it for you - Want one ? - I 'm good Hey , hey ! Open the door Open the goddamn door Son of a bitch ! - Yang-su ! - I got it Fifty grand , man Jeez , man Where is she ? Who are you talking about ? What girl ? Don 't get smart with me What the ... ? Hey ! Let go of this Let him go What are you talking about ? He was abroad when the victim went missing We 've been shooting canons to catch a fly I mobilized a whole damn division What am I supposed to tell them upstairs ? Lieutenant We have a problem The mother of the missing girl who was recently discovered dead has taken her own life It was reported that the deceased had been suffering from severe depression The shock of the recent tragedy may have driven her to take extreme measures The kidnap-murder victim had gone missing on April 17 on her way home from daycare Her body was discovered in a nearby playground 3 weeks after she was reported missing The police were criticized for initially ruling out kidnapping The kidnap story 's on the news all day Scary world we 're living in It really is The police is yet to come up with a breakthrough in the case of the missing girl believed to be the work of the same kidnapper With inadequate response in the crucial early stages of the investigation , it will be hard for the police to escape blame ... Good morning You 're really getting back on your feet Come here Oh no ! Are you okay ? I 'm alright What did you do with the remains of the euthanized animals ? I processed them as medical waste Good You can leave , now Yes , doctor Yang Is their something you 're not telling me ? What are you talking about ? I spoke with the lab yesterday You never went there What 's more surprising is that they processed the vic 's clothes and found a trace of polycarbonate How did you know about that even before the lab found out ? I consulted a private facility ... Yang There is something I gotta say I saw you in the apartment basement the other day You were running after someone and your shoe came off I know that you were first to discover the scene Cut it out It 's all in the past , right ? What I want to know is how you knew about all this You had such strong conviction about the daycare angle A lot of heads are on the line here My twins are going to college this year and Han 's set a date for his wedding Yang So tell us Where did you get all this information ? Yang Chun-dong Are you gonna let this kid die ? Promise me that you 'll never try to find me or tell anyone about me Give me your phone Give it to me What are you doing ? Call me if anything happens Call me even if nothing happens , okay ? Thanx for today , bro . I 'll buy you a big dinner when we find her Did you catch the kidnapper ? Kim Jun Get him Stay still What ? Psychometry ? What do you think you 're talking about ? You got tricked into some absurd scam again ? He 's not a suspect How many times do I have to tell you ? We gotta get him to talk about how he knows about the crime scene Lieutenant , he could be putting on a show after killing them all Just leave this to me , will you ? I 'm sorry about this Can you touch these ? You 've got no choice You can 't get out of here unless you give us information Come on Touch it Touch what ? Do that thing that you showed me What did I show you ? Don 't mess with me Touch it We 're running out of time You 're different from us You can do this You 're right . I 'm different I 'm a monster What do you want to see ? This ? What the hell is he doing ? It 's okay . He 's supposed to do that What do you see ? What the ... ? What 's wrong ? What 's going on ? Jun ... Let go Let it go , man I said , let go ! Let it go Jun ! Jun ! Wake up , man Wake up Come on Jun What are you doing ? Let it go , man You 're gonna die ! Hey ! Jun Did you see something ? You saw something , didn 't you ? Idiots See what ? You 're a bunch of morons for letting me fool you Fine Then Jun ... Tell us how you knew about the crime scene before the police did . It 's easy Because it was me I. Killed . Them . Liar Don 't lie , you crazy bastard Why are you lying ? Have you gone mad ? - You lost your mind - Hey ! Stop that Stop these people Bring our baby back Get out of the way Clear the way Why did you kill her ? I got a special promotion and a vacation reward He 's right next to me What ? Are you trying to embarrass me ? Alright , alright ... Wait - Choi - Sir - Take a picture for me - Yes , sir This is embarrassing ... Lift your head for the camera One , two Jun ! Jun Kim Jun I 'm so sorry . It 's all my fault I trusted you I trusted you You were gonna use me That was your plan all along It 's not like that Because I 'm different from others Because I 'm a freak Put the gun down Why couldn 't you leave me alone ? I never wanted this It 's not my fault So I was gonna live in hiding as if I didn 't exist It 's all because of this hand This cursed hand No ! Are you alright , man ? Alright Why did you do it ? Why did you lie ? Why ? Because it 's better that I 'm in prison This is a hand that kills people My mom died because of it ... It wasn 't your fault Leave me alone I don 't care what happens to me now Look at me I 'm never gonna leave you hanging again Give me one more chance Kidnap-murder suspect escaped I repeat , suspect on the run Runaway vehicle is silver Carnival Registration number 60-ga 5223 Expected route in the direction of Outer Circular What do we do now ? Catch the kidnapper . What else ? It looks like if we don 't we 're both going to jail Did you find anything , man ? Those commercial freezers have a short life If the perp sold his on the second hand market it ought to be out here somewhere Only there are ... so many of them What do we do now ? Hey You can 't This is a hand that saves lives Jun ! Jun ! You alright ? I found it You must be hungry . Have some supper I told you not to touch the wound Come here Come on out It 'll leave a scar Let 's clean it before you eat I got the address Tripolis , Gongdeok-dong ... What 's the apartment number ? I was gonna be nice to you But you leave me with no choice How are we supposed to find him without the house number ? You take floors 1 to 10 I 'll do 11 and above Knock on every door If there is anything strange , call me right away Got it Jun , stay here and call the police if we 're not back in 30 minutes Let 's go I 'm sorry Who are you ? Oops It 's this house Excuse me Which floor are you going to ? I 'm going to 20 , too I see 20th floor You live on 20 , too ? I 've never seen you around I 'm visiting a friend I see Da-hui Da-hui But there is only my condo on 20th floor Who are you , kid ? Da-hui Da-hui Prickly bastard Jun ? Where are you , man ? Can you hear me ? Jun ? Son of a bitch Does it hurt a lot ? Huh ? It must Never stabbed a man before It feels weird It feels so weird Where is she ? Well I killed her already Don 't move It will hurt more if you let air in Why the children ? There is no why I just kill them Do you know how many animals I put down every day ? It 's only another child If I have to answer They 're cutest when they 're little They 're cute and they listen to you But sometimes they misunderstand my good intentions and try to bite me What choice does that leave me but to put them down ? Hello ? I must have put the TV on too loud I understand Whether it 's human or animal , your brain pumps out endorphins when you die They must have felt good Don 't ! This is exciting Maybe I didn 't give you a sufficient dose Don 't let go Let go , Jun Let him go or you 'll die , too Let him go , you fool I 'm begging you Not yet Not just yet Got it Help me Save me Save me Jun Jun Come on , man Jun First floor of this building Veterinary clinic In the freezer She 's alive Hand that save lives , you said Over here - Over here , Park - Yes , sir Look for a freezer Freezer ... Fridge ... - There isn 't one - Lieutenant Over there ... What 's that ? This way Hurry Da-hui Da-hui Wake up , sweetie Good girl Breathe How are you feeling ? What do you think ? A huge kitchen knife went through my guts not once but over and over again then he twisted the blade and put in his finger and pulled my intestines Do you think I 'd be alright ? Let 's pray The doctor said it 's a miracle that I survived it What happened to my reward money ? Money-grubbing bastard What happened to my fifty grand , man ? I barely survived a vicious knife attack You never came by to look in on me All you gotta talk about is money ? Yeah Not a single visitor to the last day Your brother was here a few days ago My brother ? The handsome one ... With a sharp nose ? He came by late and stayed till morning Wasn 't it your brother ? Yes , it 's my brother . Prickly bastard Jun ! Are you in there , Jun ? The number you have dialed is not available Please check and try again Suspect runaway vehicle registration number as follows .. 54-ja 2810 , I repeat , 54-ja 2810 Suspect is in Jongro heading in the direction of Myeongdong Nearby patrol cars please report Confirm your location Does he want Myeongdong or Jongro ? Make up your mind , man Which one should we go to ? Pull over for a second Hapjeong Station How are you , bro ?
