 A Team Nanban ( 594mgnav ) Release I 'm amazed we got permission to exhume the body . It 's backward . They disregarded our investigation by burying him to begin with . Yes , sir . Still , a military cemetery ... It 's ridiculously expensive to dispose of a prosthetic body that can 't be reused . Thanks to their cost-cutting , we can recover the cyberbrain . Where are the engineers ? Drawing straws at HQ . Apparently connecting to a dead criminal 's cyberbrain is " creepy " . We don 't know yet that he 's a criminal . Chief Aramaki ! We 'll check the contents , then take it back to headquarters . What are you waiting for ? Put it down ! Sorry , sir ! Don 't open that coffin ! This is from your unit . Are you military ? I 'm Aramaki , with Public Security Section 9 . We 're investigating Lieutenant Colonel Mamuro 's murder . I 'm seizing his cyberbrain and prosthetic body as evidence . He 's also suspected of taking bribes , and we 're investigating that too . Public Security has no right to ransack this place . We 'll bury him again when the case is closed . And how do I know you won 't pull a cover-up , or fabricate evidence ? The military is in the middle of its first major shakeup since the war . It would be more suspicious if this only got an internal investigation . If he were still with us , Mamuro would have been the first to say so . You knew him ? Yes , back when I was an Army man . There 's not a soldier in the world more squeaky-clean than he was . Your name and unit ? Major Motoko Kusanagi , Unit 501 . 501 ? So you were his subordinate . Open it up . Can I ask your rank ? I was in the old Investigations Section . That 's all . They sold off whatever wouldn 't fit in the coffin to a junk shop . That 's not his body ! Get down ! Finally back on base , you delinquent ? Why did you authorize Public Security 's involvement ? ! Since I can 't dismiss the possibility that Mamuro was corrupt , I had no choice . Unit 501 should be investigating this ! The higher-ups told us to stay out of it . Someone set a trap at his grave . Ignore it . His cyberbrain is gone ! This isn 't the time to stir up a hornet 's nest . Then you believe that he was taking dirty money ? He got mugged downtown . That much is fact . Not an honorable death , but compared to indictment , maybe he got lucky . Thanks to him , our letters of recommendation are on hold , too . Concentrate on your work for now . Work ? I distinctly remember asking you to analyze that infected hardware . Not possible . I just got back to Japan today , you know . True enough . I 'll do the assignment . In return , give me leave to go off-base and authorize direct debit . Such a problem child . I 'm only going to find out who set the trap . νery well . I 'll take care of it in Mamuro 's place . Thanks , Kurutsu . Don 't forget your meeting with the brass . Giichi Mamuro , member of a special unit of the GSDA , was murdered on the fifth of this month . - Niihama police say the investigation into his possible corruption is ongoing . - Lieutenant Colonel Mamuro is suspected of taking large bribes while serving as a security official in Harimadara 's weapons export — Access records of his movements on the day of his death and all data from city surveillance cameras . He was tailed . Scan anyone who traveled the same route he did before time of death . Three ... A fourth ? Three men and a mobile land mine were following him ? " Funds transferred . " What is this ? Any pain ? Not right now , no . It 's similar to the phantom pain particular to cyborgs , but that should not affect you . Could be a bad contact in your nervous components . Any other abnormalities ? No . We should do a full-body checkup to be safe . Thank you , but I have a meeting to go to . Goodness , you have visitors . They announced themselves as Public Security Section 9 . Say I 'm not here . As both a Special Cyborg and a recognized wizard-class programmer , new regulations apply to you under the revised Weapons Act . The Prosthetics Maintenance Rule now applies to issuing identification , possessing cash , opening bank accounts , or other ownership of assets . In Lt. Col. Mamuro 's letter on my reclassification , he guaranteed my financial autonomy . If he 's proven corrupt , he 'll receive a dishonorable discharge , and all such documents will be void . You expect me to endure a position where l have to file paperwork every time I open my wallet ? The cost of prosthetic bodies far exceeds standard health insurance payouts . You ought to do your duty to the government which guarantees your right to life . This is the consent form for your monitoring and custody post-restructuring . Make an effort to understand your circumstances . During the war , Japan allocated a sky-high budget to promote cyborg development . Did they tell you to become Army property to foot the bill ? There were large deposits made to Mamuro 's accounts . But after his murder , someone withdrew all that money . What do you want ? Major Kusanagi , of Unit 501 . No criminal record . You work with the Army and Public Security as a special consultant . You specialize in solving cybercrimes . I request that you track down the missing money and analyze the coffin records . Since it 's an official investigation , you should get leave to go off-base . What 's the pay ? I 'll give you the regular consulting fee , as a civilian . That 'll be an issue , you know . A soldier famous for his integrity being shot to death in secret is a bigger issue . - Hey ! - How dare you ? ! Tomorrow morning , I 'll send you a liaison who 'll double as a bodyguard . Think she 's in ? She 's as in the dark as we are . If she wants to be free , she 'll have to find out the truth . Still don 't want the 501 to investigate ? Make one wrong move , and our unit could get dissolved . Public Security offered me an assignment . Will you accept ? Lend me a hand . If you can 't get it done alone , you 'll be at the end of the line . No one else will be able to protect you then . Being protected isn 't what I learned to do here ! I learned to make the most of my strengths ! I 'll grant permission for you to use Server 6 . Thanks . Just don 't forget the job I gave you . List the people working on the case . But this is clearly related to the LTC 's mugging ! We know he met up with the prostitute . We need a warrant for her cust — lt 's military jurisdiction ! You keep out of it ! You just forget this case , you hear me ? That 's an order ! Then what 's a special investigator even for , dammit ? ! " Mamuro was being followed . " What ? ! - Hey ! - St-Stop right there ! There you are ! Well , if it isn 't the little tomboy from the lab . The one who infiltrated me ... is in that car ... ! You fool ! That makes you a deserter ! Stop , Raizo ! All right , Kusanagi ? Instructor lbachi ... Don 't think you can do whatever you want just because you were Mamuro 's favorite ! Your selfish actions put the whole unit in danger ! That 's enough ! I 'll be the one to lecture her . That bitch only survived as a test subject . The number is a fake . He 's a slippery customer . We 've proven there was an infiltrator , at least . What does Kurutsu say ? " ignore it . " Is your prosthetic body acting up ? I don 't know . Goodness , another visitor . You 've got a strange one here to see you . What is this ? It uses signal lights ? How old is this thing ? Here , come with me . Construct your learning base yourself . Hello , nice to meet you ! I 'm an autonomous-follower logistics system — a " Logistics Conveyer Machine " . You 're Section 9 's " liaison who 'll double as a bodyguard " ? Chief Aramaki calls me a " Logicoma " ! You 'll be receiving information through me , Major Kusanagi . No synching . Explain things orally or as data . Um ... Any Army case information on the group identified as illicit arms dealers would be very useful to Chief Aramaki in tracking down a mobile land mine ! The Army ? Arms dealers ? Yes , sir ! You disappear. I 'll take it from here . Order acknowledged ! Optical camouflage ? Stay here and guard my bike . Right ! Come on , walk straight ! Look , we 're almost there . Hi there ! Come on in . It 's not even dinnertime , and this guy 's three sheets to the wind ! Get him something cold , okay ? Come on , get it together ! Sit straight ! I fold . Gonna go hit the can . Hey , no fair ! But you had a great hand ! There . Warning ! Warning ! Someone approaching , extremely close ! Don 't move . Who sent you ? ! Were you the ones who killed Lt. Col. Mamuro ? Huh ? Are you Public Security ? Answer me ! First you check the Army database ! Code 24 , Ops H2976 code name Paz ! You 're undercover ? ! Yeah , the group I 'm in with was hired for a hit . They said the target was a full cyborg and his cyberbrain had to be destroyed , so we 'd use mobile land mines . Three of ' em — and I 'm talking military-grade . Lt. Col. Mamuro 's murder ? Who knows ? Apparently somebody beat our guys to it , and we let the mines get away . Where did the mines come from ? Maneuver Area 6 . That place is a joke . Might as well set foxes to guard a henhouse . Feel like proving it with me ? This ain 't the best job , but I can 't just drop it . I 'd be in danger , and I 'd cause trouble for my CO . is your CO trustworthy ? Used to be . I see . Thanks for your cooperation . I wish I had your freedom of movement . You can 't analyze it ? It might just be noise . No full-body cyborg gets to leave this organization and go independent . You 're just a girl with a little talent for cyber warfare . Mamuro 's death was an inevitability . Don 't step out of line , or I 'll take you out . Kurutsu and lbachi can 't shield you from me . An inevitability ... Their security 's a joke , all right . All that 's left is to connect the dots ... Look , I 've got authorization ! And all I 'm gonna do is ask questions ! Take your complaints to the station . Where does he get off ? It ain 't like I 've never been deployed , dammit ... This is bullshit ! They 're not even he — Ah , sorry . I 'm a special investigator with the Niihama police . I was told I could find these two here . I have some questions for First Lieutenant Moto Seta and Captain Amuri Noto here — Thanks . You just connected some dots . And I see some others just connected . How about showing yourself ? Batou the Ranger ? Long time no see . Gotta say I didn 't figure you for this one . What do you mean ? The man you killed seven days ago was a comrade of mine ! I just got back to Japan three days ago . Oh , really ? ! I 've told you your sleepless eye 's weakness is how easy it is to infiltrate . Still afraid of taking friendly fire out in the jungle ? I 'm an electronic warfare specialist too ! I can 't believe you infiltrated me in the middle of a fight ! You 're just about the only one who 'd infiltrate me . So , why are you after me ? Don 't play dumb ! You 're the one who got this place 's mobile land mines ! What the hell ? ! Wait ! Don 't shoot ! Run ! Don 't ! Those guys aren 't with you ? ! Seriously , what are you talking about ? Hey , look ! They found us ! They want to eliminate us here . And their excuse will be a " training exercise accident " ? I can 't stop ' em with this puny gun ! We 'll just have to run ! Now we climb ! Climb this ? ! Damn straight ! We 'll hold them off , so get moving ! - Okay , fine . - Hello ! What 's that ? ! We 're surrounded . I told you , move it ! I know , I know ! Get in ! I thought you " couldn 't drop it " ? This makes a nice change of pace . You asked the military police for help ? To escort a suspect . What 's this about ? This makes no sense . Firstly : the missing money went to your account , Major Kusanagi . Secondly : the bullet you fired on the mobile land mine at the graveyard matched the one that killed Lt. Col. Mamuro . Seven days ago , a prostitute here in town was shot to death . The bullet matched the one that killed Mamuro . Mamuro had met with her , and according to the other working girls , he was asking questions about one of her clients . Seven days ago , one of my fellow Rangers was killed by a mobile land mine , along with his family . He 'd been in contact with Mamuro , too . And when I traced the land mine to its source , it led me to the major here . By the way , she says she got back to Japan three days ago , but Immigration records say it was seven days ago . The three mines my group was supposed to use were the same model as the one Section 9 dug up at the graveyard . Assuming one of those three was buried and another killed the Ranger , there 's one more left unaccounted for . At the moment , all the clues point to you murdering Mamuro and stealing his money . Right after I landed , I got a message and an attaché case from him . I 'm sorry , Major Kusanagi . I doubt I 'll be in this world much longer . I wanted to get justice . I 've left your recommendation in someone else 's care . You 're the most promising squad member I know . I wish you luck . In the case , I found data on an internal weapons exportation racket and this gun . You 've moved a lot of money in the past few days . Who are you sending it to ? The widow of the man who raised me . She 's taken care of me since I was little , but she 's in a nursing home now . What 's her name ? What is this woman 's name ? Phantom pain , huh ? Even after you mechanize your body , your brain never forgets the original . Pain in the ass . I don 't have an " original " body . What ? Have you heard of Doctor Bakeru 's emergency medicine system ? That thing where someone with a full prosthetic body uses their life-support system on somebody else ? The person who raised me used it on me while I was in my mother 's womb . Supposedly a chemical weapon killed a large number of civilians way back when . A pregnant woman and the man assumed to be her husband both died . We don 't even know their names . Because someone with that particular lifesaver happened to be on the scene , the fetus 's brain alone survived . You 're saying you were made a full cyborg at birth ? ! I lack any memory of a body . So perhaps you could call this " ghost pain " , created by false memories . This is surveillance footage from Maneuver Area 6 . Your subordinate is in it . If you refuse to hand her over , I 'll present you with a summons signed by the Defense Minister himself . I 'll submit a written report at a later date . I can 't hand her over . Vixen . I 'll make you regret this . That 's Shujiro Kanzaki . He 's in charge of Maneuver Area 6 , and he leads a team of special agents . He 's also the Army 's dirty go-between with the Ministry of Defense . Don 't worry . I 'll protect you . What 's wrong ? It 's nothing . It 's been empty from the beginning ? Then where 's the gun ? ! Why did I think there were whistle-blowing documents in it ? ! And the lieutenant colonel ... ? What 's real ? What 's the truth ? Where 's the lieutenant colonel 's cyberbrain ? Wait , Kusanagi . Calm down . The hardware Kurutsu had me analyze matched his Net synch pattern . He and I were infected with the same virus , weren 't we ? With something hypothesized to be a cyber-virus . We speculate that it 's a self-destructing Stuxnet-type which causes unknown dysfunction . " Unknown dysfunction " ... You mean false memories . It was purely a hypothesis . At least , until we checked into your behavior . I just got back to Japan today , you know . True enough . When did I come back to Japan ? Approximately 1 80 hours ago . In other words , seven days . And yet you continue to claim it was another day altogether . Route of transmission ? It must have been contact with Mamuro 's cyberbrain . Which is still with his prosthetic body . His coffin was a trap . And the records Public Security got of his burial show no signs of tampering . So that 's how it is ... Logicoma , synch with me . Are you sure ? Just get on with it . Record my field of vision and play it back in real time . Roger ! I see things that shouldn 't be there . I don 't see things that should be there . Here , the whole time ... ? " Special agent " " The LTC is innocent " This is a warrant for Major Kusanagi 's arrest . Surrender her immediately . " Special agent " " The LTC is innocent " The records weren 't tampered with . They just buried the truth under a lie . I 've found it ... My reality . Drive . The lieutenant colonel came to you to blow the whistle . Didn 't he , Mr. Sadamoto , νice-Minister of Defense ? Yes . But you ordered a cover-up . Because it couldn 't be made public ! We ignored treaties and sold arms to Third World countries during the war to relieve its financial burden on us . That 's governmental weapons smuggling ! - Harimadara was at the center of it , and as their security official , - νice-Minister , what 's the matter ? - Lt. Col. Mamuro found out about the illegal trade . - νice-Minister ! What is it ? - Do you realize how much - He 's in danger ! the missile business has helped our country 's finances ? ! The lieutenant colonel learned of your cover-up and investigated . The prostitute you frequented . The Ranger who escorted you . When he got info from them , he decided to blow the whistle on you . So you ordered Captain Kanzaki to kill him . I just ordered him to solve the situation ! Yes , a few people suffered , but I don 't know who killed Mamuro . Hell , maybe he really was mugged . You claim even you don 't know ? No , and I don 't want to ! That arms dealing will be purged during restructuring anyway , and we 're deliberating next-generation weapons to replace missiles . But this mess kills the job Harimadara has lined up for when I leave office ! You 're quite the chatterbox . A desire to confess ? Maybe so . Either way , you 'll never tell anyone ! Stop ! Someone help ! Should 've blown him away . Wasn 't being more than a killing machine the whole point of getting out ? In the end , I had no place to go . They traced us through the remote control . They 're coming . You go on . They 're mine . There are two of them . Fine with me . We 'll see who 's the better killer . Take care . You too . I hate to say it , but they 're not the only ones to benefit from his death . Yes . Thank you . You 're the ones who killed the lieutenant colonel ! I warned you that if you stepped out of line , I 'd take you out . That 's enough of that . You 've reached your limit , Kusanagi . Raizo and Ibachi were luring the enemy here with the money as bait . We 've eliminated six spies . That 's plenty . Kanzaki funneled money into Mamuro 's account , I moved it ... and you used it . That 's right . The gun used on the prostitute was the beginning of the enemy plot . Blowing up the Ranger , the phony bribery ... All the blame was placed on Mamuro . And he intended to bring the νice-Minister down with him . It was the worst possible choice . Unit 501 would have gone on the Army purge list in retaliation for the scandal . So you let him die . All of you . If it weren 't for the memory virus , maybe we could have saved him . But as things stood , the only option was to secure Mamuro 's cyberbrain , the mine , and the money before he got blown up . But what neither we nor the enemy accounted for was you . As soon as I arrived and got the data , I went after the lieutenant colonel . And you were infected by his cyberbrain . Even as you gathered the evidence , you were continually losing memories . " The LTC is innocent " What organization developed the virus ? Unclear . All we know is that a foreign broker brought it here and that people call it " Fire-Starter " . Was it a foreign power that cooked up the scandal ? Our enemy is the global military-industrial complex itself . What would dragging down one vice-minister accomplish ? Did you take the disc he left me ? I did that to protect you . You used me as bait for the enemy ! I did that to protect the organization . Why did you stand back and watch him die ? I did that to protect myself . You stick with me , Kusanagi . I 'll build a future for you . The pain is gone now . Section 9 and the review committee have formally cleared Lt. Col. Mamuro of suspicion . Thus , as his recommendation was renewed by a third party , we will implement it . Due to your excellent record , we also grant you the post-reorganization major rank . In addition , in accordance with the will of your late legal guardian , you 'll receive a testamentary trust . It 's an inheritance from the person who raised you . A portion of it is earmarked for the purchase of your prosthetic body . Which means that your body is now your property , and is outside Army jurisdiction . You 're quite sure about this ? The virus may be an unknown , but we 've identified the architecture of the false memories . Do it . νery well . We 'll attempt memory eradication . Will you go ? Yes . Make sure to pay your respects to your parents . Thanks . I 'm going . We 'll find a replacement . Want a ride ? Consider it my thanks for telling us the location of Mamuro 's cyberbrain . I 'll take the bus . Then I 'll just give you the results . Captain Kanzaki was replaced . Mr. Sadamoto will be tried in closed court . I promise to make the lieutenant colonel 's findings public one day . I see . By the way — are you the one he gave my recommendation to ? Hard to say . A man in my position gets a lot of those . In fact , one of them outlined plans to create a new special unit within the international rescue team . I 'd like someone who 's got experience as a special consultant . lntriguing , but I don 't want to work under a man who digs up people 's graves . You dug up something even deeper . If you 're serious about going independent , you should have your own team . The regulations say a unit needs a minimum of one commander and six members . I 'll keep that in mind . May it be a team not for defense of self or state , but for taking the offensive . Six people , huh ? Hmm , whom shall I scout ... ? A Team Nanban ( 594mgnav ) Release
