 Subs by MisterMascolo Sup Deansters ! It 's me again Games Dean Big news today , Brian D did totally challenge me and my friends to a match He came in all like , ew ew what ! And I was all like , what ? so we were beating them up until Jenny comes out of nowhere all like No ! Don 't hurt Brian ! I 'm like What ? She 's like don 't ! yeah , Law 's Jenny I was like completely shocked then she made us lose and then like after we lost and were leaving those two are macking on each other moving in on another guy 's girl Brian i wouldn 't want to be you when Law finds out cause he 's going to be like WHAT That 's the daily dean , we 're going to be doing more of that all week long and month here on vghs just stop in Tuesday Wednesday Thursday 3 : 30 to 4 : 45 and i 'll be giving you all the goodness you 've just got here today see ya guys well it 's only got like 400 views nice moves last night lover boy Brian , VGHS only has like 400 students Huh , i should probably go talk to Jenny Nah Nah , I should probably go talk to Jenny it 's ok ? Are you ok there , boy ? Ted is presenting his new features at drift racing to freddie today i think he 's got butterflies I don 't have butterflies , I 've got DRAGONFLIES ! We don 't need your presentation , imma tell him right now Oh there 's Jenny I 'm probably gonna go talk to her Yeah I probably should pretend to not sit Ted for a few seconds then wheel him into Freddie 's room Yeah , don 't let him eat anything in there , ok right Heey about today 's daily dean Whatever , Games Dean is an idiot Right ? Yeah he is ! Total ! You beat it Oh yeah , all your highscores too Great Oh don 't worry it wasn 't hard Oh ! So basically I suck Yeah ehm speaking of that We can 't really hang out anymore What ? Or be friends now that came out wrong Brian I think that you 're cool but The Law is Varsity captain and my parents expect me to make the team so i can 't have people talking about you and me so wait wait wait you 're telling me that Law won 't put you on the team because he thinks that you and I just answered my question wow so are we cool ? cool ? No ! we 're not cool we 're like the opposite of cool like Jenny when you and i played last night it was awesome , I know I 'm sorry , I have to go And that is why i am going to sign up for drift racing this year I love you dad Mr. Wong we all know Ted will never be a great rythm gamer he just needs to hear you say it you 'll never be a great rythm gamer i knew it and that concludes our meeting ! You know how many losers told me that on my way to the top ? pro shredders aren 't born , Ted they are forged to the fire and the flames Really ? of course see you 're a Wong you 're born to be a pro shredder the reason I bust your chops is because i know you 've got what it takes I got it i knew you really cared Now stop whammering and start hammering on that is , practice-wise hey , see you at the sign-ups i won 't let you down this year Thanks Ki-wy The presentation was tops ! So you 're Ted 's first groupie Ki Swan 1360 points fighter I don 't like you On to the wise Ki-wy you 've been his lady for what ... a week ? I 'm his father twice a month a weekend for his entire life Ted stays where he belongs , you hear me IN MY SHADOW ! Attention players , one hour left to sign ups for clan try-outs choose your team carefully because once you swipe that card your fate is sealed Brian hey ! are you to top off my lemonade or ... oh wait , I 'm sorry , That 's why i have her Thanks , babe just here to sign up that is precious Here 's the deal Brian i did you a favour by sparing your life , remember ? so now you 're going to do me a favor by not signing up sorry Law , the favour train has left the station Last chance tanner-tom are you sure you want to do this ? What would you do Law ? I think you would sign up but you 're not The Law ! Are you ? Believe me Brian , i get it you want to be this Listen to Law 's lesson , loser everybody hates you Literator I mean who wouldn 't I 've got it all i 've got the looks i 've got the brains Ehm ... Check me by the way I 've got the whole school in the palm of my hand but wait , there 's more ! I 've got the girl of your dreams eSsen my D Styling My Do So you want to be this Brian D ? You want to be The Law ? Well you 've got to get through The Law first Hey Ki ! Sorry i ditched you back there did you and my dad get the chance to talk yes we did and he 's your father I have to get to the fighting sign-ups Ted Why ? I tought you wanted to make games Hey , what better resources than playing with the best Goodbye Hey Ki wait up ! Yo , Little Wong ! Making a graph on how bad you suck I made that graph leave him alone It 's cool Ki Hey guys how is it going ? Ted for rythm gaming this year came to join the team finally you mean you 're actually going to sign up again ? How me suffer why ? Because I Oh my god , The Law is trolling Brian D I gotta go help my friend goodbye guys KEEP ALL MY STUFF That guy should litterally be doing anything but rythm gaming Why are you doing this ? you 've already proved you 're better than me Brian , dude It 's because i can because it 's fun And because you made it personal the spotlight wasn 't enough so you had to move in on my girl dude , we 're just ... we 're not even friends Whatever So on to you Cozy up to jenny so you two can play on JV ? Didn 't you hear ? She 's getting on Varsity Yeah , her boyfriend runs the team ! Oh I love gossip let 's dish did you also hear oh yeah her boyfriend doesn 't give a sht Jenny stays on JV this is my year and noone else 's so i suggest you skit out go practicing your dance moves , Brian sign-ups are closed This is too good for you Law ? Oh my god Somebody S my D Stay away from him back off ! Okay , I 've got your back What are you waiting for ? Let 's go ! To war ! Are you wounded Theodore ? this doesn 't change anything BRIAN D ! Yes Calhoun ? I 'm expelled ? I gave you a chance to leave quietly and this is how you use it ? assaulting a student ? initiating a brawl ? stealing a hat ? and worst of all Brian worst of all you forgot that it 's all about the game Sir , please you can 't do this Yes I can It 's done you 're facing a 300 point abduction 300 points you do not have you 've got to be joking Do you hear any rotflcopters son ? Pack your thing and get out of my school ! Are you more like a rockstar everyday , kiddo What ? Is this a joke ? Am i a joke to you ? No no no no There must be some mistake you know Ted you want to bail on the Wong , that 's fine but getting some groupie to take your place ? That 's pathetic dad Dad your face , now get out of mine , forever ! Welcome to the team , Theodore you switched the cards Er ... reason one as I explained in my previous presentation I don 't care about your stupid graphs Ki my dad hates me because of you that brings us to reason two Ted , your dad hates you and not because of me , i mean , from before We 're through Ki Ehm ... ok I know you 're upset if we think about this objectively OBJECTIVELY you 've ruined my life I never want to see you again but i was just looking out for you Look out for me ? Look form over there ! Get out of my face forever Did you really want me to ... just go ! Hi Jenny I 'm sorry sorry for punching Law in front of the school or for ruining my chances of making Varsity this year yes , both of these things , and before you hit me again there 's something i 've got to take off of my chest What ? That you like me ? That you were just sticking up for me against my big mean boyfriend ? Look i get that you 're upset we can 't be friends but you 're not the only one who has a tough round here ok ? If you can 't suck it up then leave Hey ! You 'd be happy to know i just got expelled SO i am leaving oh and your big mean boyfriend he told me he 's not going to put you in the team anyway so at least you 've got a show out of it You 're an asshole
