 Previously , on VGHS ( subtitles by MisterMascolo ) Jenny , make Varsity ? Not on my watch You signed me up for drift racing Ted , I 'm sorry I 'm splitz-fied baby we 're through you 're expelled pack up your dreams and go Sorry , ki Ted stays where he belongs in my shadow ! What 're you doing Brian Why did you throw it on the way Because you 're too good for him Jenny and because I 'm in love with you Thanks Mr. D Another busy night Mr. D It 's always a busy night knock yourself up Is ... Is that Brian D ? See if he will play a game with us I 'm sorry , Brian never games with the customers Come on , scram scrow Go back to VGHS , Jumper Jax Whatever , quitter yeah , i 'll go Always looking out for a little guy Ted ? How long has it been ? Twentyfour hours ? You have it D. , it 's a day ! Come on let 's go get a slice alright ! And then Calhoun told me i can 't switch to rythm gaming cause once you 've signed up you 're locked in the system It goes a butt Same old story calhoun always wins but it 's a story with a twist ending you signed up , you 're still in the system , you can totally try out tomorrow It 's taking worse when you 're expelled And even if i did , tomorrow is not good for me We 've got this huge birthday party coming dude , come on As much as i love what you 've done to the place it ain 't VGHS Uhm .. That 's kind of the idea You actually play games for fun here Tell me we didn 't have fun together ? We had some swell times to better days So ... How are you Ted i was really sad to hear about you and ki never say to me that name again what name ? my name ? Ki What a surprise ! Oh yes , hello here Will you stop being mad at me now ? Brian tell Ki that fixing my guitar doesn 't make up for breaking my hopes and dreams Ted , tell Brian that you were being a big stupid dumb jerk Brian , Ki says i 'm a big stupid dammit So , ki it 's been a while it 's been one day Brian Ah ok Hey you loser can 't hail the rock ? than you 'd better whack away Remember , while you still do drugs you 're a loser , so why you don 't stop playing and go taking some drugs , loser ? Whoa , you suck why is Ted so stupid Ted isn 't ... ergh .. Ted is different I apologised to him and he 's so mad at me i should be mad at him I am mad at him I 'm sucking at rythm gaming just because i tried to fix his problems Woah , Ki you can 't always fix other people 's problems for them I mean sometimes problems are just unsolvable like the Hars conjuncture ? Think it like this Ted is .. like you Gumbac That you 've been looking on I mean sure , sometimes he get knocked around but you gotta trust himself to pick him back up even though he doesn 't know you have to see Brian thank you So you 're running an arcade now ? Hey Jenny It 's pretty rad Best thing ever right ? I know , but i 'm kinda busy at the momento so ... Look Brian , i 'm not really the best at apologises but i just wanted Jenny we 're cool , i mean i was being a jerk too Now why don 't you go play some games , like over there ? on the house Okay still you 're getting kicked out and school sucks without you Brian so ... i 'm sorry Don 't be really i mean it worked out for the better look at this place Ted was actually in here , like telling me i can actually try out and stuff You can still try out tomorrow ? Yeah but it 's not like it did let me get back in So what ? People are saying that i can 't make Varsity just because i broke up with the law but you know what if i kick enough ass out there there 's nothing he can do to stop it I 'm sorry i tought that playing at VGHS was like your dream or whatever you 're telling me you have one last shot at your dream and you 're just gonna walk away ? seriously what the hell is wrong with you , really ? Broke up with the Law ? oh my god that 's what you 've got out of this No , i mean , i was just saying You really think i 've got a shot ? At the tryouts yeah it think you have a shot at the tryouts That 's what i meant totally Good so will you be there tomorrow ? no , jenny i mean even if they let me back on it 's not like VGHS is going to change good luck out there you know we 've never played DxM I tought it was a baby game i think you 're just saying that because you know you 're going to lose oh really ? what do you say a hundred pipe so that we dance ? this isn 't fields of fire i mean skeeball you should be embarassed i 'll never love you you 're right i 'm being a big dumb stupid jerk i know you 're just trying to protect me and i 'm sorry that you 're stuck to rythm gaming with my dad okay i deserved that please forgive me i really miss you Ki can we please be friends again ? oh gosh you know one last shot of my dream i can go for that good this is brian D with nothing to lose and he 's one of my team alright , captain almost nothing almost ? hey Brian Jenny Ki and i made up and by made up , i mean made out if you know what i mean our lips touched great I 'm super happy for you so what were you guys up to ? Uh Uh ! Four way high five !
