 ( Viondra ) : Previously on Ascension ... Your father was convinced that the US could launch an interstellar spacecraft right then in the ' 60s , with the technology we had . Quite a dream dad had . ( Christa ) : Lorelei ! ( Denninger ) : We lost one of our own in a tragic accident , Lorelei Wright . - I don 't have experience with anything like this . - Nobody does . Did one of our space heroes commit a murder ? It would appear so . I don 't know who killed her ! - Who was she afraid of ? - It 's who 's afraid of her . This is my father 's legacy . I won 't have it tarnished . Sometimes , I think I know things , like I can still feel it , underneath everything , like a skull under the skin . Your fiefdom is built on your being able to convince me that you have complete control . ( Enzmann ) : You think I don 't have total control ? The minute they doubt the validity of their environment is the minute the experiment fails . Ascension is a lifeboat for humanity . ( crew ) : I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to this mission to which we 're bound , One people under god for the hope and future of humanity . I heard an assistant in maintenance wrote that ridiculous pledge . The words aren 't the point . Those children need to hear what we heard , that they 're heroes , and that this ship is humanity 's last best hope . ( monitor beeping ) We don 't know what we 'll find when we reach our new home world in the Proxima system , so the terra chamber is used to simulate different environments that we might encounter . ( chuckling ) You really know your way around out there . Thanks ! I 'm apprenticing with Dr. Choi . Oh , pretty and smart ! All right ! If you 'll all follow me , we 're off to the legacy seed banks . ( cell phone ringing ) Director Warren . Harris ! You should be receiving a file any minute now . What is it ? A CV for a consultant I 'm sending over . We 've never had a murder on Ascension before . You could use the help . This is the most important endeavor in human history , Katherine . I won 't let it be ruined by your watchdog ! Play nice , Harris . You 've built your own private kingdom , but remember kings can be deposed . So , what 's this test supposed to do , Rate the amount of crazy of everyone on board ? ( Juliet ) : Just say the first thing that comes to your mind . Ascension . Trap . Father . I was only a baby when he died in that fire . I meant how you feel about it . It was an accident . A cobalt generator malfunctioned , And 20 people died . The captain saved the XO and Ophelia . Most people think the psych-eval was designed To assess personality . You know what its true purpose is ? To determine one 's breaking point . You 're talking about the crisis ? Realizing you 've met everyone you 'll ever meet And that you 've seen every place you 'll ever go Can make anyone panic . What 's troubling you ? I don 't think Stokes did it . Aaron , part of life on this ship Is the compact we make . Even if you 're right and the murderer is still here , Perhaps the best thing we can do is to go on with our lives . And what if he kills again ? ( humming and beeping ) I see you served as a military investigator For nearly 10 years . Exactly how much did Katherine tell you about the project ? She described it as a sociological experiment . Ascension was designed to test the long-term viability Of inter-generational space flight . As far as the crew believes , They 're halfway through a 100-year journey . And one of them is a murderer . I 'm convinced we have the killer in custody . Obviously , director Warren isn 't as confident as you are . Exactly how do you plan on investigating a murder When you can 't visit the crime scene , Never question a witness , never review the evidence ? Well , I certainly wouldn 't grab the closest suspect And hope for the best . Other-than - honorable discharge . I assume it also tells you why . It was 2004 . You weren 't asked , but you told . Did it feel like a stain on your honor to be silent , That lying to your comrades diminished you ? Are you worried about my morality ? Not at all . Anyone who 's spent a few years Working for Katherine Must have accumulated a number of things They 've learned not to tell . Dr. Enzmann , think of me As a consultant sent down from corporate . I 'll file my report , and I 'll be out of here in a few days , A week at most . You 'll find the project a well-oiled machine . Your time here will be nothing if not uneventful . It might even be a little boring . Well , I hope so . Makes my job easier . This is your blue badge . You can only speak to other blue badges . If a person with another color badge Tries to interact with you , Please report it to security immediately . Blue badge , got it . Every fruit , vegetable and grain from our ancestors Is stored in the legacy seed banks , Where they 'll be kept For hybridization and transplantation Once we reach Proxima . It won 't be exactly the same as on earth , But it will be as close as we can get . Now , over here , They 're measuring the ph levels . Now , the ph levels have to match within 18 % For the seeds to take root . Otherwise , nothing will grow , and we 'll get to Proxima ... Admiring the view ? ( sighing ) Come on , you can 't tell me that doesn 't bring you back To your steamy night in the landing craft . Presley , I told you nothing happened . Why not ? You have your implant . Doesn 't mean I have to use it . My advice : Keep your options open . Have fun before the ship 's computer matches you With someone for mechanical procreation . ( Rawles ) : What are you 2 ladies whispering about ? I 'd hate to have to write you up . Um , we were just talking about ... Seeds and fertilization . ( laughing ) All right , kids , let 's wrap it up ! We 'll let maintenance finish cleaning out the mud traps Or whatever they 're doing . - Changing nutrient recyclers . - Huh ? If you wanna get technical . Yeah , like I said , you 're scooping out the mud . If you don 't change out the nutrient baths , Then the seeds don 't gestate . The seeds don 't gestate , Then they fall back a generation , And eventually we starve . But I guess leading a tour is important too . What 's your problem , Decker ? Huh ? ( students ) : Oh ! ( male student ) : That guy 's crazy ! Somebody stop them ! Hey ! ( groaning ) ( women screaming ) Tell me what happened ! Explosion in the terra lab . ( alarm beeping ) ( whispering ) : Jesus ! Pull the video . Work backwards from the explosion . Track everyone in and out of that lab the last 24 hours . ( Carrillo ) : They 're venting the flame . Get down ! ( man 1 grunting ) ( man 2 ) : Give me a hand with this . On the count of three . ( man 1 ) : Ready ? No future . That 's exactly what we 'd have If the rest of the seed bank was destroyed . Get that washed up before someone sees it , all right ? Injuries ? Cuts and scrapes , smoke inhalation . The crew 's on edge , though . First Lorelei , then this . Cobalt generator . It was modified to blow when the circuit was tripped . You think it was the saboteurs ? The closer we get to the Rubicon , The more brazen they become . Why is it so goddamn hot ? The cooling system was damaged . It 's running at 20 % . The ship is only gonna get hotter ! Did you check with requisitions , Make sure they have all their generators ? 15 present and accounted for , 12 others in use throughout the ship . We should round them up , find out what 's missing . Yeah despite what you may think , I 'm actually good at my job . Shut it down , you two . We 've gotta move quick , get our story out there , Or we 're gonna have a lot of people asking questions . What is our story ? ( Denninger on video ) : Attention , please . The cooling system is undergoing repairs Because of a methane-gas explosion . We are extremely fortunate that one was injured . Rest assured , hazardous-material protocols Will be strictly reviewed and enforced from this point forward . Anyone who hasn 't been evaluated please line up against the wall . ( both talking , indistinct ) Sure it 's my turn ? There might be some officers with headaches that need tending to . It 's first come , first served . Not everything is about where you 're from . Seems that way . Right , Crouch ? I 'll see you later . ( inhales sharply ) Why did you get in a fight with bobby Rawles ? You 're something else , Nora . You know that ? Deep breaths . Nora ! I have 3 patients that need vitals taken . Wait , what about my heart ? You 're clear to go . Does it live up to your expectations ? Reading about it is one thing , Seeing it is something else entirely . It 's hard to imagine a world Without civil rights , a sexual revolution . Vietnam , 9 / 11 , those earrings that look like hockey pucks . Or people like me ? Homosexuals ? They were left out by design . It 's not a matter of prejudice . Purely practical . Anyone who intentionally avoids procreation would just be ... Superfluous . Superfluous or not , I 'm guessing there 's a few in there . We tend to pop up where you least expect us . So , what caused the explosion ? Methane buildup in the leach pits . That seems quite volatile , 600 people in a pressure cooker . It 's the first incident we 've had in 20 years . Aside from the murder , you mean ? Project Apollo cost over 100 billion in adjusted dollars . The panama canal took 27,000 lives . On a project of this scale , setbacks are to be expected . I 'll need an office , Av setup , access to surveillance , Crew files , And , of course , the suspect . ( beeping ) ( sighing ) The council 's been complaining About the captain 's handling of the heat . The mess hall will be cleaning out frozen stores . Make sure the council gets first choice , And deliver it personally . Viondra ! You missed our lunch appointment today . That 'll be all for now , Jackie . She wasn 't to your liking ? Oh , I 've grown accustomed to a much finer vintage . Maybe too accustomed . I 've been thinking that it 's time that we take a break From our weekly meetings . Oh no ! That would truly sadden me . I mean , I know the political winds have shifted , And your husband has regained some measure of popularity After bringing justice to Lorelei 's murderer . And , as they say , To the victor goes the spoils . I 'm not a prize to be won . I know , Viondra , But the captain 's statement today About the explosion being a methane-gas buildup , Well , that 's just gonna buy him a little more time . Councilman , I don 't know who is spreading these rumors , But it was nothing more than an unfortunate accident . Really ? An accident ? Since when do accidents leave messages on walls , hmm ? So , I suspect it won 't be very long until we 're lunching again . He suffered a complete psychotic break , Put an orderly in traction on his first day of consciousness . Will he understand me ? He should be able to . We 're weaning him off his meds so he can eat . Mr. Stokes ? Mr. Stokes , do you know where you are ? ( muttering indistinctly ) I 'm in hell ! ( Stokes roaring ) I 'm in hell ! I 'm in hell ! ( gasping ) Goddammit ! I 'm gonna kill every one of you ! I 'm gonna kill you ! ( Stokes screaming ) ( ♪ woman singing Bossa Nova in Portuguese ♪ ) Looks inviting , doesn 't it ? Right now , there 's almost nothing I 'd like more . The heat suits you . Aaron , I 'm sorry . I 'm with Duke now . I 'm trying to make things work . Are you happy ? I am . Yes . You 're a bad liar . The heat is getting to people , William . Fights are breaking out , public drunkenness . Two of my girls had to fend off unwanted advances . Right now , I have bigger concerns . There are no bigger concerns than your constituency . Rose knows it was a bomb . He 's gotten to someone in your inner circle . Who do you think it is ? Could be an officer . Gault pushed back during the investigation . He 's stubborn , I 'll give you that , But he 's no traitor . Loyalties shift . He 's a heartbeat from the captain 's chair . Better him than anyone else . We need a distraction for the crew . What do you suggest ? It 's the first day of Ostara tomorrow . I say we open the stores , bring out the good booze . We have 2 weeks until the birth-list selection . Why don 't we push the boundaries a bit , Give them a night where we look away ? And Rose ? Can you uncover his spy ? He 's made it quite clear what he wants . I 'll leave the negotiations to you . Krueger ! Got the footage you asked for . Does this include the radiation storm ? No , this is the methane explosion . The radiation storm is in the drive I already gave you . Go to the drop-down folder in the ... It 's not all there . Feeds from at least 5 of the cameras are missing . Really ? I 'll look into it . Better get back , so here you go . One second . Aaron Gault . Mmmhmm ? He found the gun , right ? Yeah , the XO . He 's a real climber . Totally got a thing going on with a married woman . Best reality tv show never made ! Don 't they have any privacy ? Uh , pretty much ... No . So , how do you manage to miss a murder ? Well , there are blind spots . The killer got lucky . Or he knew where they were . I got repair crews using cobalt generators On decks 15 , 21 , the commons . Have any been reported missing ? They 're checked in when they 're serviced . Dwight handles it . Dwight ? XO ! What can I do for you ? I need to see the requisition log for your cobalt generators . Yes , sir . They 're all accounted for . This hasn 't been updated in weeks . ( ♪ Hip hop on stereo ♪ ) You know , I enjoy your company , Though I can 't say much about your choice of venues . The tacos are to die for . I 'll take your word for it . Your loss . There 's been a development , an explosion on the ship . Enzmann 's lying through his teeth . He says it was an accident . But I can tell from the limited access That I 've had to the footage , It was a directional blast . - A bomb . - I think so . They 're doing everything they can to keep me in the dark . He 's feeding me the same b.s. that you did About this being a sociological experiment . You don 't buy it ? Billions of dollars To prove that 600 people in a tin can won 't get along ? I could 've told you that for free . What 's its real purpose ? Do you know the history of complex polymers ? Norplant , MRIs ? Any idea where they originated ? You 're saying that they all came from Ascension ? Put your brightest in a tin can for 50 years With no outside interference , And they 'll change the world . I 'm not just there to investigate a murder , am I ? This is the first opportunity we 've had Since his father 's stroke To get someone on the inside . He 's hiding something , And the TC group wants to know what that is . Hiding something ? What ? Something to do with the crew . He 's less hands off than he implies . Experiments ? I look forward to your report . And if you figure out who killed the girl , let me know . I 'm curious . ( Christa ) : It 's pretty . Lorelei ! Christa , are you ok ? I was dreaming about Lorelei . Oh ! You miss her . We all do . She 's with the angels now . Is that what you 're drawing ? Angels ? No , that 's Icarus and his father Daedalus . He built the labyrinth To hold a monster inside . What 's wrong , Christa ? I 'm scared . Something bad 's coming . We searched the ship from bow to stern . There 's no sign of Dwight Crouch . Why would he do it ? He 's a lower-Decker . Well , that 's not all . He 's an unclaimed . How , with the implants ? Well , sometimes the implants are damaged or removed . No family or status , no right of reproduction , Already an outcast . God only knows what 's going on in that kid 's mind . What about the other generators ? There 's still one unaccounted for . He 's making another bomb . ( ♪ ' 60s pop ♪ ) Things might get out of hand later tonight . Should I have the safety officers standing by ? No . Tonight , anything goes . ( camera whirring ) ( beeping ) You 've gotta be kidding me ! You have anger issues . No , I have frustration issues . I know when I 'm getting the runaround . I haven 't received the footage I 've asked for , Half the floors are off-limits , And I can only speak to someone Who has the same color badge as me . It wasn 't a methane buildup . Yeah , I know . It was a bomb . If it had been a methane explosion , It would 've been uniform and omnidirectional . You lied to me , but that 's what you do , right ? This whole project is one big lie told to 600 people . I wanna show you something . ( ♪ ' 60s pop ♪ ) Lorelei thought it was all a mistake , didn 't she ? What ? All of it . The ship , the mission . Is that what " no future " means ? Where did you hear that ? After the explosion , I saw it written on the wall . It 's something we say on the lower decks . Whenever someone asks you why you 're drinking or fighting Or doing anything against the rules , You say " no future , " As in : " why bother ? Nothing matters anyway . " Do you believe that ? I never said I didn 't wanna believe in a future . I just don 't know if I can . When my father started Ascension , He 'd bring me to work , And I 'd sit on his knee and watch their faces . Are you familiar with her yet ? Juliet Bryce , the ship 's doctor . I grew up watching her . I sometimes feel like I know her better than my own wife . Same for the others . This isn 't some petrie dish Being examined under a microscope . This is family . There 's a man in the basement of this building Who lost his mind When he found out the truth . I 'm attempting to protect the others from the same fate . These people are heroes . The fact that these people have no say doesn 't bother you ? Does it bother a tribe in the amazon They 've been denied sub-prime loans or reality television ? The crew of Ascension is pure ! They went 50 years without a single homicide . Name another civilization that can say that . Regardless of what you think of all of this , Remember that at its heart , there 's also her , And ask yourself : Had you been born on that ship , Would you wanna know the truth ? Councilman Rose , can I offer you something cool ? Well , thank you , Viondra ! You look lovely . But it 's gonna take a lot more Than this distraction to appease the crew Once they find out what your husband 's been hiding from them . Careful , councilman ! We 're all on the same side . What would you gain by causing panic ? Perhaps a change of direction , new leadership , Someone with vision . Someone like yourself . That would be in the hands of the council , But I do appreciate your vote of confidence . Mrs. Denninger ? Yes ! Presley Delon . I applied for an apprenticeship with you . It 's a very competitive program . Oh , of course ! It 's an honor just to be considered . Still think this is not enough of a distraction ? Emily wanted me to drop this off . They were Lorelei 's . I didn 't hear you come in last night . I slept on the beach . Everybody did . Is that a new necklace ? Still haven 't found the seahorse ? I looked everywhere . You 'd think it wouldn 't be possible To lose something on a ship surrounded by space , But apparently I can manage it . You like it ? Nice . It 's just funny to see you in something else , Like seeing Lorelei 's clothes given to other people . Lorelei put a lot of work into those clothes . It would be a shame to see them pulled apart and recycled . We had fun that night she first wore this . Would it be wasteful to keep it , Not to wear , but to remember ? I think that 'd be fine , honey . I saw you with James Toback . Do you like him ? Why are you interested in my love life all of a sudden ? It 's not all of a sudden , Nora . You 've just never had one before . He 's a friend . I just don 't want you falling For someone you can 't be matched with . You want me to end up like you and dad , pretending everything 's ok , when you 're barely more than roommates ? Nora . I 'm not blind . - Marriage is complicated . - Exactly . If I don 't get to choose who I 'm matched with , Then I better have fun now . ( knocking ) Come on in ! ( door opening ) Gault ! What can I do for you ? I checked the requisition logs in the library just to be sure . The fire on deck 23 was also caused by a cobalt generator . Well , that was 20 years ago . Crouch would 've been just a kid . What if he isn 't working alone ? What if the saboteurs have been around Longer than we 've suspected ? What if Lorelei made the same connection ? It might be why she died . Well , Stokes killed Lorelei . - Stokes tried to shoot me . - Are you surprised ? He was a killer . He didn 't even know how to use the gun . He panicked ! Or he was telling the truth , and we had the wrong man . Aaron , you 're a man of character . That 's why I made you XO . That 's why I put you in charge of this investigation , Because I knew you wouldn 't stop even when I asked you to . Character doesn 't just mean going your own way . A man of judgment knows those occasional times When loyalty is more important . Yes , sir . Focus on the task at hand . Find Crouch . Sir ? You said that that my aptitude scores were good enough To get any apprenticeship that I wanted . This isn 't a good time , Toback ! I wanna join OTS . The officers ' training school frowns on fighting and drinking . With your behavioral record ... Look , a recommendation from the XO can go a long way , Particularly , if the candidate showed initiative . It 's the video card Lorelei took the night of the fire , The one you 've been looking for . I 'll take your request into consideration . You 're looking for Dwight , aren 't you ? I have a good idea where you can find him . You should check on deck 23 . ( knocking ) What is it ? We 've got a deck 23 situation . Reroute the turbines to the air recyclers . We need a vacuum seal now ! Yes , sir ! Where 's my feed ? I need eyes in there ! Rerouting to the handheld . Speed up the cooling system . I need a 40 ° temperature drop ! - Is it the bomber ? - It 's Gault . ( krueger ) : Does he really need to wear that ? He 'd be dead if he didn 't . I sucked all the air out of there . Button it down , people . No unnecessary conversation or movement . Deck 23 was damaged years ago . The other side isn 't airtight anymore . Theoretically , A noise loud enough can be heard on the inside . ( grunting ) ( ♪ band playing jazz ♪ ) ( ♪ man singing in distance ♪ ) ( krueger ) : What 's he doing ? Gault 's parents were killed in the explosion on launch day . He never got over it . Look at that . ( loud bang ) - Huh ? - Huh ? ( banging ) ( banging echoing ) ( ♪ band playing in distance ♪ ) Aaron , what are you doing ? ( breathing unevenly ) ( machine humming in distance ) ( groaning ) ( beeping ) Dwight , calm down ! All right ? Just turn it off ! You killed my father ! Stokes was your father ? - You killed him . - It was an accident ! I almost went out of the airlock too ! " Never trust an upper-Decker . " that 's what he used to say . He said , on earth , there was no lower deck . Everyone was born the same . That 's not true . My father didn 't lie ! ( humming ) ( Enzmann ) : That bomb goes off , It 'll send a wave of shrapnel into us ! Evacuate to the secure room immediately . What do you mean , evacuate ? Gault ? You 're gonna let him die ? The choice is between saving a man And the entire project . That 's no choice at all . You 're welcome to stay in the blast zone , But when this door closes , your blue badge will be useless . Dwight , please ! Turn it off ! You 'll kill everyone ! He told me about you ! You cheated , and you took his job , And that 's why he couldn 't claim me ! ( both grunting ) ( air hissing and Dwight gasping ) Dwight , your oxygen 's detached ! Let me help you ! ( both grunting ) ( panting ) ( grunting ) Make sure Ms. Krueger gets the raw footage . I 'd hate for her report to be incomplete . So that 's it . A man suffocates In a room that you sucked all of the air out of , And it 's case closed . My father taught me dispassion was the best course . The ship would right itself , he would say . I 'd doubt him every time , But every time , he 'd prove correct . The purpose of the experiment isn 't to protect them , It 's to learn from them . Now , if you 'll excuse me . I 'd like to get home for dinner , Even if it is 5 hours late . I hope you 're right . About what ? The ship righting itself . 'Cause this project will make one hell of a mess if it crashes . ( sighing ) ( sighing ) ( horse neighing ) You 're awake . I couldn 't sleep . Mitchum or Bogart ? John Wayne . He was a man of character . We are doing the right thing , aren 't we , pushing on no matter what ? Of course we are . We 're heroes . ( sighing ) ( computer beeping ) The ' 63 / 70 . ( cell phone dialing ) ( Eve ) : Hello ? I wanna meet . ( Christa ) : I like your necklace . ( Juliet ) : It 's a seahorse . Oh , you 're still up ? I 'm sorry I 'm so late . I 've been waiting up for you . ( gasping ) Happy anniversary . ( sighing ) I thought you 'd forgotten . ( gasping ) ( sighing ) It 's been a long time since you 've kissed me like that . Leave the necklace on . ( Viondra ) : Single file , ladies . No shoes , no jewellery . Remove any excess clothing . If I don 't make the cut , I swear I 'll space myself . 120 , the acceptable weight for a girl at 5 ' 5 " . However , you are not that girl . Next ! Like Viondra hasn 't seen that trick a million times . Are you even listening ? He only joined OTS to impress you . That 's not true . James wants to do more with his life Than work in water reclamation . 'Cause of you . It 's a West Side Story . He wants to cross the tracks to be with his Maria . ( Viondra ) : Next ! Presley Delon , 19 . ( sighing ) Congratulations . You 're in . Captain ! Your wife is expecting me . The weigh-ins are today . Maybe I should stop by and check out the new recruits . Why ? You have the best ass on the ship right in front of you . God knows how many other girls are vying for your attention . Ah , don 't tell me you 're jealous . I can 't help but feel a little ownership . I 'm risking a lot . The only risk you 're taking is claiming ownership . You 're an oasis . Don 't spoil it . Wait ! Hmm ? I 'm not done with you yet . You cremated Lorelei Wright 's remains before an autopsy ? Standard procedure . We have no morgue , and besides , the murder had been resolved . What about the gun ? Stored with all the other detritus ejected from the ship . Pure-grain alcohol ! The drink of choice on the lower decks . It 's stronger than paint thinner . Reminds of high school . I 'm gonna need the original manifest to cross-reference with the gun and the sporting-goods stores . It 's a waste of time . Every person , package and piece of equipment was searched prior to boarding , and nothing from outside is allowed in . That 's right . It 's a billion - dollar sociological experiment . There have been ancillary benefits , and they underwrite the program , but Ascension has always been about more . The originals were determined to save mankind . The ' 63 / 70 ? Is that what they called them ? The original crew ? I see you 've been scouring conspiracy-theory websites . The idea that 70 scientists mysteriously disappeared in 1963 Suggests they didn 't volunteer . Under false pretenses . Everyone operates under false pretenses . Only for them , if they wonder if there 's some grand design , Some purpose to their lives , An overseer guiding their destinies , They 're right . And right now , he 's wasting his time talking to you . ( stenotab beeping ) It 's gonna be fine . Nora , I need your help calibrating this thing ! I ... I can 't ask your mom again . It takes a while to learn . Don 't be afraid to ask questions . Thanks . My dad would kill me if I lost this apprenticeship . Nobody in my family 's ever worked In the upper decks before . Don 't worry , Ike . You 'll be fine . Are you ready ? One brave girl ready for her shot . ( beeping ) Relax , Christa , this won 't hurt a bit . No , please . I don 't want it ! I won 't do it ! Christa , calm down , calm down ! Look , I 'll go first . Ophelia , no ! I 've been taking them all my life . Look ! See ? I didn 't feel a thing . No , please ! I don 't want it ! It 's poison ! Poison ! Christa , just look at me and focus on my voice . There is nothing to be scared of . ( woman ) : Ophelia ? ( Ophelia groaning ) Nora , help me turn her over ! It 's ok ! Shit ! What are we gonna do ? What the hell are you doing to these people ? ( Juliet ) : It 's ok . Turn her over ! Let 's go ! Saving their lives . Artificial circadian light cycles , Recycled air , repetitive diets , They wear on the immune system . The shots are merely inoculations . Then what happened to Ophelia ? An allergic reaction from the shot meant for Christa . They 're customized to each crew member 's needs . Carrillo ! Yeah . Then how did she know that someone was gonna get poisoned ? Dr. Enzmann , how did she know ? ( Christa ) : It 's my fault Ophelia 's sick . She came with me because I was scared . Why ? You 've had shots before . I saw a man in white gloves put something in the shots . ( Gault ) : When did this happen ? In a dream . Dreams aren 't real , Christa . Mine are ! I dreamt there was something wrong with the shots , And there was . Tell me about the man you saw . His face was blurry , but I knew he was death . I 've seen him before . Where ? In the tunnels with Lorelei . Another dream ? That one came true too . Was it Stokes ? No , but the man in the white gloves is still on the ship . ( all ) : We are the shepherds of the flock , Guardians of the birth list . We vow to give ourselves , body and soul , to our calling . We are wife , mother and caregiver to all . Enough formality . Now for the fun ! ( women giggling ) ( ♪ ' 60s pop ♪ ) ( stewardess ) : Congratulations ! From the candy store , ladies . Take anything you want . It 's so much fun ! You 're late , Jackie . I 'm sorry , Mrs. Denninger . I had a last-minute appointment . It 's just one of the best things . It feels really good . Congratulations ! No ! Please ! I don 't want it ! It 's poison ! You see that ? Her pupillary reaction . Amazing ! Christa 's 16 hours overdue . Blood pressure , pulse , respiratory all elevated . How long do we have ? Last test subject with similar genetic markers to Christa 's Was Mitchell Bowman back in ' 83 . The doctor gave him a shot with the wrong compound . Here . That 's him after 52 hours . Metabolic system out of control , Immune system attacking itself . And ... 72 hours . We can 't let the same thing happen to Christa . ( grunting ) Track the video . I want a complete record . And find a way to give the girl her shot . It 's poison ! Poison ! ( car honking ) Dr. Fritz Lieber , lost at sea , February ' 63 . Renowned physicist Alfred Bester , Caught in a lab explosion , may of ' 63 . 5 nuclear engineers died in a plane crash a week later . The list goes on and on . 70 in all . Who 's to say they didn 't choose to disappear ? Maybe they owed back taxes or ran off with a mistress ? Yeah , you 're right . They could 've . But the kids didn 't have a choice . They used Kennedy 's advanced education initiative as cover To abduct children from their parents . Yeah , you know what ? Stick with the lizard people . It 's more believable . Why did you call if you don 't wanna talk to me ? Obviously , it was a mistake . Why would a Nobel prize winner travel around the country , Secretly enrolling 6-year-olds into an education program ? I spoke with one of the parents . She 's been looking for her daughter for 50 years Because of this man , Abraham Enzmann . He 's the key . You know who he is , don 't you ? Excuse me , honey . What the hell is this ? Three sessions with the resource committee , 6 hours with the council ? You used to be better at helping me avoid this nonsense . And you used to be more discreet . ( sniffing ) Guerlain Mitsouko . A lovely scent . It 's Jackie 's . She 's a distraction , that 's all . The liquor , cigars , caviar , those are distractions . Sex is so much more . It 's the true currency on this ship . The information my girls gather Keeps you in the captain 's chair . And yet you 're unable to find out Which one of my officers is spying for Rose . I can endure anything but secrets between us . Don 't undermine me with my girls , will . I went over the tapes , And on the day of the incident , Christa didn 't speak to anyone other than Ophelia . I did notice , however , She always had a glass of milk with her dinner . ( dispenser beeping ) Only this time , It 'll have a little something extra . ( monitor beeping ) There 's no way she can know there 's a camera there . Sometimes a more direct approach is required . We 're gonna need to use our man on the inside . How are we today , councilman Gombrovich ? The councilman had to reschedule . Mind if I take her place ? Of course not , Mrs. Denninger . ( sighing ) Mmm ! Mmm ! You have a gift ! I can see why you 're in high demand . When you first came to the stewardesses , You were an awkward girl with bad skin and lisp . ( chuckling ) But I saw the ambition in your eyes . You reminded me of myself . I 'm flattered . I knew you would go far , Perhaps , one day , even seceding me as head stewardess . I was mistaken . I understand your interest in my husband , Jackie . Power is an aphrodisiac . Mrs. Denninger ... I don 't begrudge William his indulgences . What I cannot abide is disloyalty . Viondra , I don 't know what you 've heard ... I 'm relieving you of your duties . You 'll be assigned housing on the lower decks . Remove your belongings from the dorm before they 're discarded . Where are you going ? Finish the massage first . It 's a needle in a haystack . Hundreds of inoculations to test , And I have no idea what we 're looking for . Do you think Christa 's right ? Is there any way the shots could 've been tampered with ? I don 't see how . The only access is in the medical center . ( sighing ) What about your apprentice ? Ike ? He 's a little green , but he 's a good kid . Have you always used blue gloves in the medical center ? Yes ! Christa has had difficulty Differentiating dreams from reality . Take what she says with a grain of salt . ( EKG monitor beeping ) You can go in if you like . It might do her some good . ( mumbling indistinctly ) It 's ok . Repetto . Repetto . Repetto . I hear you . Repetto ! Repetto ! Juliet ? Juliet ! Ike , we need to intubate ! Help me hold her down . Ike ! You wanted to see me ? The original manifest . Why the change of heart ? When I was a boy , I didn 't trade baseball cards . I studied the names on the list . I knew their biographies The way other kids knew batting averages . Some gave up fame , others riches . Some even gave up their families . When you look into the names on that list , Remember what they sacrificed . That 's very moving . You 're sure you 're not giving me this to keep me busy ? With my nose in a file , I 'm less likely to see what 's right in front of me . We 're not gonna be friends . I know that . But it 's possible we have a common enemy . Whoever brought a gun on Ascension Put everyone else at risk . I wanna know who it was . ( monitor beeping ) ( woman on video ) : We have to sit down and talk things over . That 's the only way we 're going to understand each other . That 's the only way we 're going to get along . ( man ) : I 'm sorry , Mary . I shouldn 't have lost my temper . You know how it is . Sometimes we say things we don 't mean . ( girl ) : It 's all my fault , dad , about the dress . I guess I should 've spoken to you and mom first . ( man ) : Yesterday , we were all a little hasty . ( boy ) : It 's my fault ! ( woman ) : It 's nobody 's fault . Things happen , then they get out of hand . You 've forgotten , but I haven 't . When you were a little boy , You sometimes did things that I didn 't approve of . Seems to be more problems today than ... ( screaming ) Stay with her . ( panting ) Kill the lights . Seal the doors . Open ! ( gasping ) ( man groaning , Christa screaming ) Leave me alone ! ( both screaming ) ( groaning ) Did you see that ? Yes . The lights ! She 's fascinating . Just as my father predicted . Christa ? What 's wrong ? Christa , you 're bleeding ! It 's not my blood . It 's his ! We 're comparing the blood on Christa 's dress To the samples in the database . It 's gonna take a while . I can 't believe that someone on this ship attacked a child . I want Christa to stay in the medical center for now . No one gets near her until we find this guy . Christa 's white blood-cell count is dangerously high . She needs an inoculation , but she refuses to take it . Maybe I can talk to her . She trusts me . I appreciate your help on this , Robert . You and Juliet are our best hope to catch him . Thank you . Captain , I looked over the medical records . Ophelia was never logged in for the inoculations . That shot was always meant for Christa . Do you think this is one of the missing children ? Her name 's Ophelia . She 's the right age , the right description . Where did you get this ? Is this government ? There 's not a lot I can tell you . I need to know about these children , What 's so special about them . That 's what I 've been trying to figure out . They just seem like normal kids . I know more about the scientists . Enzmann 's rocket jockeys . They 're more than just astrophysicists and engineers . There were biologists , philosophers , fertility doctors , Even geneticists . Genetics ? DNA had just been discovered a decade before . I 've met their parents . They think that they 're all dead . If they 're alive , they need to know ! It 's a waste of time . I don 't know if it 's them . I can get tissue samples from the relatives . If you get one from the children , we can test the DNA . It 's impossible . I can 't get to them . Even remains ? Anything will do , a hair , bones , even teeth . Fine wines , makeup , perfume . You name it , they have it . Don 't tell James . He 'd have a fit . The position comes with privileges . Would he say no if he were offered a better cabin ? He might . He 's pretty stubborn . He 's crazy . I 'd rather live in the stewardesses dorm Than the lower 40s any day . Hey ! Luminous pink . Viondra gave it to me . This is your chance to have fun . Once the computer matches you , It 's forever . You look so Monroe . Rawles ! Are you coming to the officer 's lounge tonight ? Well , that depends . Will you two be there ? It 's Presley 's stewardess debut . Oh , well , then I 'm in . Nice color . I 'll see ya . I 'm totally gonna need that lipstick back . ( chuckling ) ( Rose talking , indistinct ) Councilman Rose ! - Yes ? - Can I speak to you ? Well , of course ! Excuse me . The council rejected a transfer request I submitted . Oh , for Jackie . Yes ! I thought that might be something of a sticking point . Well , it doesn 't have to be . You 're not the only one with friends on the council , Viondra . Jackie 's friends would prefer that she stay where she is . I can 't have someone living in the stewardess dorm Who isn 't a stewardess . Mmhmm . Then hire her back . Viondra , you 're looking rather tense . Perhaps we should schedule another massage ? ( chuckling ) Christa , shouldn 't you be getting to bed soon ? I don 't wanna sleep . I used to have bad dreams when I was your age too . But then Ophelia told me a secret And the nightmares went away . What was it ? To hold onto a single thought as I fell asleep . Then , no matter how scary things became , I could focus on it and everything would be better . What did you think about ? My mother 's laugh . She could light up a room with it . Can you think of something ? Seahorses . Good ! Seahorses , then . Dr. Bryce is worried you might be getting sick . You want me to get my shot , don 't you ? We all have to take them . It 's important . But how about , when it 's time for you to take your shot , You think about those seahorses ? What are you doing here ? Didn 't think my flask would make it past security . It wouldn 't have . I 've tried . Sometimes , I wish we had our own officer 's lounge . You know , maybe they don 't really have it that bad . You 're starting to sound like Enzmann . Yeah , you know , Enzmann leans on you a lot . He likes to give orders , But he has no idea how hard it is to get things done . And believe me , he will rain down holy hell if you don 't do it exactly how he wants it . It 's just the way the world works ! Enzmann 's world ! ( chuckling ) To the right-hand man ! ( ♪ Latin ♪ ) ( crowd cheering ) Congratulations , Presley ! You were wonderful . Have you met councilman Rose ? That was terrific ! And you , my dear , are a vision . Mmm ! It 's hard to believe you only just started . I 'm looking forward to watching you develop . - Councilman Rose ? - Yes , sweetie . The others are waiting . It was very nice meeting you . Viondra . I see a bright future for you . Enjoy your evening . You have a lot to celebrate . Oh my god ! Presley , you were so good ! Thank you ! Something to quench your thirst ? Join us ! It 's only a drink , unless you want it to be more . ( Rawles talking , indistinct ) ( chuckling ) You know what I mean ? ( sighing ) Hi , Christa ? Hi ! I just came to give you your shot . Where 's Juliet ? Well , she had to go back to our cabin , So she asked me to do it . Well , I changed my mind . I don 't want it . You told my wife you saw a man in white gloves . He put something into the shots . Is that right ? Did you get a good look at him ? It 's ok . You can tell me . What did you tell Juliet about the man in the white gloves ? I can 't . Come on , tell me . What did you see ? I saw it all . Two towers falling from the sky , And a war in the desert that never ends , And a woman in pink holding her husband 's head together . And you , I saw you in the maintenance tunnels where Lorelei was killed ! I saw you ! I saw you ! Shhh , shhh , shhh ! It 's just a dream . The stage 3 additive , Plus an amnestic additive have been successfully administered . So , you roofied a 12-year-old . Will she remember anything ? Nah , she told Juliet she had a dream , Something about seahorses . Go ahead with the subjects 22 , 65 and 110 . Harris , she knew things she couldn 't possibly know ... 9 / 11 , Kennedy . She 's what we 've been working towards , isn 't she ? I don 't know what she is , But she 's the best chance we have . She was so young . I 'm sorry , Aaron . When she first took me in , I was so angry , At the world , at this ship , everything . It never occurred to me how much she lost in the fire . You were there for each other . I wanted to call her mom . ( chuckling ) I wanted to tell her that I loved her , But I never did . She knows . I can 't lose anyone else , em . Aaron ! You 'd be stripped of your rank , sent back to the lower decks . I 'd lose my job , Never get approved for the birth list . It 'd be the end of everything . I don 't care ! I do , Aaron ! I don 't wanna spend the rest of my life like that . Did you see that ? She walked out of frame , and now she 's back ! There she is , leaving . And there she is at the piano . Someone cut something out . ( Bryce ) : Mr. Gault . We 've got a match on the blood sample . It 's Ike Messmer , Juliet 's apprentice . ( knocking ) ( Denninger ) : Ike Messmer , open the door ! It was him . Cut him down . ( Enzmann ) : Don 't tell me . You 're gonna investigate this one too . I watched the video of Stokes getting blown out of the airlock . He tried to shoot Gault , But he didn 't know how to work the safety . He 'd never fired a gun . This is footage from the stockyards the day of the storm . Workers unloaded fresh bags of grain in the morning , Yet , somehow , after the storm , They found the gun in one of those bags . Your point ? Mr. Carrillo can 't locate the missing footage . Let me take a wild guess what he 's hiding . You have someone inside Ascension , A right-hand man . He planted the gun , he tampered with the shots , And I 'd be willing to bet that he killed Ike to cover his tracks . You have a wild imagination . Is that how the ship miraculously rights itself ? You play puppetmaster , You stage radiation storms , orchestrate crises . What did you call yourself , An overseer guiding their destinies ? Knowing the TC group like you do , you should ask yourself : What 's more likely to be taken out into a field and buried , A multi-billion-dollar project that 's been going for 50 years , Or a washed out spook that no one will mourn ? We searched Ike Messmer 's quarters , Reviewed his stenotab , talked to his friends . Nothing indicates that he was linked to the saboteurs . Then why ? Guilt ? Apparently , he didn 't follow storage protocols and one of the inoculation vials got contaminated . Doesn 't add up , Gault . There 's too many questions . Look , captain , He was depressed about what happened to Ophelia . You weren 't born in the lower decks . You don 't know what it 's like to lose your position , to lose status . I can 't believe this is just individuals acting all alone . It 's too convenient . People are imperfect , flawed . They can rarely do anything that doesn 't end up in a royal mess , Myself included . I 've been looking for you . Well , here I am ! I can 't help but feel it 's my fault . Ike wouldn 't have been working in the medical clinic if I hadn 't quit . It 's not your fault . He didn 't wanna fall back down the ladder . It was just a job ! Not to him , not to someone from the lower decks . He wanted a new start . Is that why you joined the cadets ? Why didn 't you come by the officer 's lounge ? I did . I saw you with Rawles . There 's nothing between us . If you wanna date an officer , Nora , you should just do it , instead of trying to make me one . I never asked you to join cadets . I never asked you to change . You didn 't have to . I gotta get to work . I 'll see you later , ok ? ( Jackie moaning loudly ) Shhh , shhh , shhh ! What 's the matter , captain ? Afraid your wife will hear ? You could stand to be a little more careful yourself . Don 't worry , I can handle Viondra . ( chuckling ) That 's something I 'd like to see . Oh , why not ? Councilman Rose has . ( sighing ) ( ♪ jazz ♪ ) You could stand to be a little less enthusiastic . You really think she 's been spying for Rose this whole time ? Did you really believe she was that enamored with you ? Go clean yourself up . ( crickets chirping ) I don 't have any evidence . We don 't have any DNA . We have nothing . There must be something . Is there anything at all that you might have overlooked ? ( grunting ) I will kill you all ! So , Ariadne went to Daedalus , the architect of the labyrinth , and begged his help . Taking pity on her , he told her the secret to escaping the maze . That 's not true , Ophelia . You 're not dying . You 're just lost in a maze like all of use . But one day , I 'll lead us out . I promise . Let me out !
