 Previously on Fringe ... - What 's wrong ? - I 've just been getting these migraines , that 's all . Tomorrow I 'm gonna send some medication over . It 's a new drug we 've been working on . - You don 't have to do that . - I want to . I 'm the closest thing you have to a mother , remember ? In the dreams that you were having , the ones that I 'm in , did you feel like you knew me ? You were a stranger . What would I feel ? I love you . Look , Peter , I don 't know how to explain it . Feels like there was somebody else in my head . Hi . Come in . I 'm gonna pour you a drink . What is that that smells so fantastic ? What do you mean ? It 's Friday . I ordered Damiano 's . Whoa . Olivia . ( Peter ) Just be straight with me . Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Then why did you kiss me ? I don 't know . It just felt like that 's what we 'd do . Just felt normal . How long have we known each other , Olivia ? Three months . Peter , I know who you are , and I know who I am . I think that this may just be some residual effects left over from being in Westfield . Then we should let Walter have a look at you . No , I 'm- - I 'm fine . Honestly . I think what I need is just some rest . I 'm sorry that I kissed you . To be honest , I 'm a little bit embarrassed about it . There 's no need to be embarrassed . Maybe I should stay here for a little while- - You know , just while you rest , in case . I would really like some time to myself . I think I 've got another migraine coming on . Okay . If you 're still feeling this way in the morning , will you please let Walter take a look at you ? Okay . - Hi . - Come on in . ( Sean ) Shh , quiet , quiet . We 're almost there . It 's time . [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ [ Handle clanks ] [ Microwave beeping ] He 's in the kitchen . [ Clattering ] Oh , hot , hot . Fan out . You two , fan out . Be careful . [ Breathing quickly ] Sean . Hey , what are you doing in here ? You should be in bed . Sean , it 's me , Bernadette . Okay ? Come on . I 'm gonna take you back to your room . He 's in the kitchen . Let 's go . Come on . He 's coming your way . He 's coming your way . Sean , can you hear me ? Sean . Listen , the voices that you 're hearing , they 're not real . You 're okay . Let 's go . [ Ominous music ] Please . Please , take anything you want . You don 't have to do this . No , no , please , please ! I beg you . No , no , no ! No ! [ Screaming ] Damn it , I 'm cut ! I 'm bleeding ! [ Grunting and groaning ] - Charles ! - There 's three of us and one of him . - I need some help , Charles ! - Hold him down , damn it ! [ Grunting ] This one 's severe . [ Groans ] That 's better . I 'm gonna sedate him . [ Gasping ] [ Grunts ] [ Breathing slows ] ( Sean ) It 's over . He 's dead . It 's over . ( Lincoln ) What 's a killing in New York have to do with a mental institution in Deerfield ? The police are calling the murder a home invasion . And we aren 't ? We have no idea what the killers wanted , but that 's not why we 're here . Apparently , a nurse here watched the news report this morning , and last night , a patient with schizophrenia had recounted the entire crime in great detail ... as it was happening . There really aren 't any normal days in this job , are there ? Nope . That 's when I told him . I said , " Tim , it 's not what the LSD can do . " It 's what the human mind can do that is truly wonderful . " ( Astrid ) Walter , there you are . Olivia and Lincoln just got here . What are you doing ? I 'm conversing with my friend here , Mr ... . Silbiger . Who , at this hour , believes he 's circling Venus . Oh . That 's a lovely planet . Hmm . Hmm . So how long has Mr. Keenan been a patient here ? Sean . About three years now . Although I 'm pretty sure he spent time in at least two other hospitals before we admitted him . He 's been institutionalized since he was 14 . ( Walter ) These voices he hears- - [ Door buzzes ] Are they demons or God or- - ( Bernadette ) Actually , Sean 's hallucinations have never been grandiose or violent . Last night was the first time I 've heard him talk like that . His room is right through here . [ Door buzzes ] [ Doors creak ] ( Sean ) I don 't understand . Are you saying the voices I hear in my head are real ? We don 't know what to think right now . Now , this is the man who was killed . ( Olivia ) Have you ever seen him before ? No . But you know how he died . I didn 't- - I didn 't hurt that man . We know that . Those- - [ Sighs ] voices , they- - they did it . Sean , can you hear the voices now ? No . No , they- - They come and go . Do they ever come from objects ? Say , a tree or a wall ? No . I see . So they always come from inside your head . How many voices do you hear , Sean ? Uh , I don 't know . I ... I think I recognize eight , maybe nine . But not always . Some of them I don 't hear for weeks . Last night , how many voices did you hear ? Three . ( Lincoln ) That 's what the police suspect . Three killers . But then one of them left when the other two went to the subway station . The subway station ? Yeah , I heard them say that one of them was hurt , like he was cut . He needed to get cleaned up before he got on the train . Cleaned up where ? Uh , he said the bathroom . It was the last thing I remember , and then the sedative started working , and I- - I fell asleep . ( Lincoln ) We 'll contact the transit authority , tell them to search the stations near the victim 's home . Sean , do the voices speak directly to you ? No , they don 't . They don 't talk to me at all . They only speak to each other ? Yeah . What are you thinking ? Sean , would you be willing to go off your meds if it would help this investigation ? ( Bernadette ) Here 's what I 've been able to get so far , and I can probably get the rest of Sean 's medical records within the hour . Okay , thanks . I 'll make copies . I believe your diagnosis of the young man is fundamentally flawed . Excuse me ? The truth is that the boy was diagnosed schizophrenic because he hears voices . But the voices don 't persecute him or relate to him at all . In fact , recent evidence proves that what he 's hearing are the real thoughts of other people . But how is that possible ? I am not exactly sure yet . I think it may be a case of psychological symbiosis , maybe even mental telepathy . The point is , I believe the voices Sean is hearing exist . - I 'm sorry , what ? - It is no delusion . No psychotic episode . Sean has agreed to go off his medication . We 're hoping that the more he is able to hear the voices , the more likely it is that we will be able to catch whoever 's responsible for the killing . Sean is here voluntarily , so if that 's what he wants to do , I- - I just need to explain this to his prescribing physician . Well , I 'm happy to come with you . I think that 's probably a good idea . [ Door buzzes ] [ Clanging ] ( Peter ) You know what ? [ Voice echoing ] Why don 't you go on ahead ? [ Clanging , keys jingling ] [ Knock at door ] Hey . Hey . Um , this might be a little bit weird , but I was wondering if I could come in and just have a look around . Yeah , of course . How you feeling ? That 's where Walter used to sleep . How did you know that ? To disaster narrowly averted . Or at least postponed . We had that case , that couple in apartment 6B . The woman who lost her husband . After , I came back here . And then we went upstairs . I remember . [ Sighs ] That 's not possible . Peter , I remember William Bell . I remember crossing over to bring you back . I remember Jacksonville and seeing you shimmer the first time we kissed . I remember ... you walking to the machine and getting inside and being scared that you were going to die . Olivia , I don 't know what 's going on , but something must be wrong . I remember it . I remember us . I remember everything . [ Machine whirring ] ( Walter ) Okay . Tell me your name , please . Olivia Dunham . Good . And your home address ? Walter , I know who I am . Is this really necessary ? I am just making sure the machine is calibrated . And it is . All right . Let 's see if we can figure out what 's going on inside your head , hopefully give you some peace of mind . Walter , I 'm not scared . I keep telling you both . Good . That makes one of us . I know that I should be concerned , but I 'm not . I- - I will factor that in to the diagnosis . Now shush , please , both of you , and let me do my job . Now , Olivia . The first time you and I met , where was it ? St. Claire 's . The mental institution . And the circumstances of that visit , everything you can remember . ( Olivia ) My partner had been injured in an explosion , and I came to see if you were able to save his life . And Peter was with me because I needed a family member to sign you out . No , no . That 's how it happened in my timeline . Now , dear , I want you to think very carefully . Do you remember going to retrieve me from St. Claire 's by yourself , without Peter ? Yes . I got lost on the way there . But it 's hazy . It 's kind of indistinct , like a- - Like an old dream . Brain scan ? There 's nothing unusual with the brain scan , Walter . But clearly , something is happening . How can she have memories of my Olivia 's life that are clearer to her than her own ? My first thought is empathy . Even as a child , you were able to intuit what those around you wanted . Belly and I noticed it during the cortexiphan trials . And it 's hardly surprising that children from abusive families become highly attuned to the emotional state of the adults around them . Which in this case is you , Peter . Me ? Well , I suspect that Olivia may be empathizing with your strong desire to be reunited with your Olivia . And she meets that need by , in effect , becoming your Olivia . Walter , no matter how badly I want my Olivia back , I can 't make this one have memories of things she didn 't experience . That part still confuses me too . Perhaps some form of thought transference . She 's channeling your memories . Or ... Or what ? I don 't know . I lost the thought . Too many drugs of my own . It happens . Oh ! May I take a few strands of your hair to test ? Of course . Would you hold that for me , please ? Uh , Peter , would you- - Prepare the slide , yeah . How is she ? ( Peter ) We don 't know yet . I feel fine . That is two pieces of good news . Transit authorities found a wad of bloody paper towels at the Roosevelt street station bathroom , just like Sean described . Now , the DNA analysis suggests that we 're looking for a Caucasian male , but so far , no hits from the database . May I see the file ? Hey , Lincoln . Can you give me a hand ? Just a minute . This DNA report- - I 've seen one like this before . Where ? Our misdiagnosed schizophrenic , Sean . This strand of DNA is from Sean , and this from our suspect at the crime scene . Now , see that ? They have the same chromosomal spur . - Which means what ? - The effect of the abnormality ? I have no idea . It may mean nothing physically , but the point is that a spur like this is incredibly rare , and they both have the exact same one . Which , along with their genetic profiles , can only mean one thing : Sean and our killer are brothers . Brothers . Well , specifically , half-brothers . They only share one parent . But that gives credence to my theory that Sean is communicating with the killers via mental telepathy . There- - there are many documented cases of siblings communicating non-verbally , typically identical twins , but not always . That might explain how Sean is able to hear the thoughts of one of the killers . But he said that he 's able to hear the thoughts of all three . What if they 're related ? Y-yes . That would explain- - Good . Except that it doesn 't . According to his medical records , Sean is an only child . I 'm gonna get my coat . Where are you going ? To talk to Sean 's mother . Should she be leaving the lab ? You said there 's nothing wrong with me physically . So if something shows up in the tests , let me know . Otherwise , we 've got a case . I know what you 're doing . I know what it 's like to want something back that you loved . I have succumbed to that temptation myself . Walter , whatever 's happening to Olivia , I 'm not doing it . I think you are . Even without meaning to . And it 's wrong , Peter . For seven years , he 's been treated for schizophrenia . If that 's not it , what is it ? That 's what we 're trying to figure out . We 've already located a significant piece of evidence based on what Sean told us he heard . Sean always told me the voices were real . Mrs. Keenan , does Sean have any siblings ? No , we only had one child . Is it even in the realm of possibility that Sean 's father ... could have had another child ? His biological father ? Yes . Sean was conceived through in vitro fertilization . We used a donor . What can you tell us about the donor ? He seemed impressive on paper . [ Sighs ] Um , what was the doctor 's name ? Dr. Owen Frank . A friend recommended him when the first IVF we did failed . She said he only took the best donors so that his results were better . It 's strange . A reporter called and left a message a couple of days ago . He was doing some sort of a piece on IVF . What was his name ? Daniel , I think . Daniel Greene ? Yes , that 's it . I called him back , but he never returned my call . So you never actually spoke to him ? No . I did dig up the file that I kept while I was going through the IVF process . It 's in my study . Let me get it for you . Thank you . So in the- - [ Scoffs ] Department of strange , what are we thinking ? That one of these children killed Greene because of the story he was writing ? Maybe . All right . I 'll contact his editors , see if they know anything about his angle . And anybody else he may have interviewed . [ Indistinct conversations ] Male anchor : Tragic news this afternoon- - The murder of a local hero . Acclaimed author and journalist Daniel Greene was found dead in his Douglaston , New York home earlier this morning . Hey , that 's the guy who was here . The reporter . ( Anchor ) .. Attacked and killed , possibly by ... I heard about this this morning . Three men broke into his house and suffocated him with a plastic bag . You were a doctor . How long does it take someone to suffocate ? I want to go back to my room . [ Grunts ] I 'm sorry . Oh , it 's okay . I don 't know what 's happening . It 's like I haven 't eaten in years . Yeah , it 's the detox program that Walter 's got you on to wean you off your medication . It 's just a side effect . You 're pretty , you know ? Thank you very much . You trust the scientist ? Walter ? Yeah , I do . You 're in good hands . When you start to hear the voices again , that 's how you 'll know that this is working . Well , in that case , it 's- - It 's working now . W-what , you can hear them again ? Yes . Okay . What are they saying ? [ Indistinct conversations ] I don 't- - I don 't know . There are too many of them . [ Overlapping voices ] Yeah , I understand that the clinic closed down ten years ago , but that 's the most recent address . Okay , well , if you find something more current , could you let us know ? Yeah , thank you for your help . [ Knocks ] Thank you . Well , it turns out that Dr. Frank was not so good at keeping his AMA information up to date . Do you think that you could go through these old utility bills from the clinic ? Maybe there 's a contact in there that we can follow up on . Of course . What ? Maybe I don 't remember everything , 'cause I- - I don 't remember you having this scar . You wouldn 't . I only got that one a month ago . Olivia- - [ Clears throat ] I think I 've had a breakthrough . ( Peter ) Bees . Miraculous creatures . Tens of thousands of them working together to feed , shelter , and protect their colony . And like our suspects ... They communicate over long distances . Their glands produce pheromones . Chemical compound that acts as a message . That message is received by their antennae , and then the bees respond . Are you suggesting that the killers are communicating via pheromones ? Not necessarily . Many forms of nonverbal communication exist in nature . Eels use electrical pulses , whales use echolocation , elephants use seismic vibrations ... Point , Walter ? Point , Peter ... Is ... However these bees are communicating , they are operating as one , doing whatever it takes to ensure the survival of the hive . If Sean and his half-brothers are linked in a telepathic network , then it is possible they have formed a collective identity . [ Cell phone rings ] Dunham . Great . Thank you very much . Apparently , Dr. Frank is living at an assisted living facility outside of Roxbury . You coming ? There he is , right there . Thank you . Uh , Dr. Frank ? Yes ? I 'm Agent Olivia Dunham . I was hoping to ask you a few questions about your clinic . Of course . Uh , there was a man killed yesterday- - A journalist . He came to see me last week . Wanted to talk about my research . My work . This isn 't the first time that they have killed . " They " ? I 'm not sure who they are , but I have a suspicion . Three years ago , I hired someone else . Another writer . I wanted to document my work before I was no longer able to . But the day before we were meant to start work , he was also killed . Stabbed to death in his apartment . I thought it was just a- - A random event . But now , I am quite sure it wasn 't . What makes you think that ? The work I was doing at my clinic is merely a means to an end . A vehicle for my real experiments . ( Olivia ) What were those experiments ? Genetic manipulation . The babies that I gave life to- - I had altered their DNA . I thought ... [ Chuckles ] What I thought really doesn 't matter . Suffice it to say I- - I was attempting to make a better ... A better what ? A better human being . ( Dr. Frank ) Are you familiar with recombinant DNA ? It 's a DNA sequence created in a lab using the genetic materials of different species . Yes . I used that process on my subject embryos that I implanted . Were your patients aware of what they were signing up for ? I promised them successful pregnancies and healthy babies . And that 's what I gave them . I attempted to reintroduce abilities that we humans have long since evolved away from , the hard-wired instincts that we share with other animal species . And would that include telepathy ? Mm . ( Peter ) And a heightened protective instinct ? I believe that is why they are killing , yes . ( Olivia ) So , what exactly is it that they 're trying to protect ? Themselves . If your work went public , people would start to ask questions . And they 'd start searching for them . And they 'd want to study them . We 're gonna need a list of your patients . The clinic 's files are in commercial storage in Back Bay . I-I think I have the address here somewhere . How many are there ? Subjects ? Approximately 200 . Well , that doesn 't conform with what our witness said . He didn 't hear that many voices . I was constantly modifying the process . With each modification , I created another sample group . And they 're all from the same donor . All 200 . Yes . ( Olivia ) And his information is in the storage facility also ? No . It 's you , isn 't it ? Can you imagine that ? The hubris of trying to improve upon God ? ( Sean ) Okay , uh ... we 're in trouble , this- - this is bad . Okay , that 's good , Sean , just stay with them . They 're- - they 're scared . They 're- - they 're- - they 're worried , they feel threatened . [ Panting ] There 's a new voice . He 's one of the three . He 's telling the others to wait , he 's coming . Where is he ? I don 't know , but he 's in pain . [ Beeps ] Good God . Hey . I just spoke to Olivia . She 's on her way with Peter to retrieve Dr. Frank 's research files . That 's not important now . I need you to take me to the bridge . What ? I need to see Nina sharp . I know what 's happening to Olivia . ( Nina ) Walter . Agent Lee . What a surprise . Uh , hold all my calls , please . So , what is it ? Olivia has cortexiphan in her system . Someone must have found out how to synthesize it . But how ? - No- - - And how Walter , slow down . What are you saying ? ( Lincoln ) Dr. Bishop believes that Olivia has been dosed with cortexiphan recently . Recently , and repeatedly . And you know this for a fact ? I did a chemical analysis . The results are irrefutable . Well , how is she ? Have you spoken with her ? I examined her . As far as I can tell , she 's not in immediate jeopardy . But we need to find out how this is happening . Yes , of course . Where do you store the remaining cortexiphan samples ? The ones that Belly and I kept . It 's possible someone may have reverse-engineered the formula . They 're at Massive Dynamic , under our tightest security . In my experience , security can be breached . No , I don 't think you understand . That 's physically impossible . The vault is biometrically secured . I am the only one with access . Could you take us to it ? Belly and I numbered the samples before we stored them . If anyone has tampered with them , I will know . Fine . I just need to make a few phone calls . No calls . The less people who know about this the better . Let 's go . Okay , unit 2251 . It 's gotta be down here . Look , in case you were wondering , it 's hard for me too , you know . I keep expecting to see that look in your eye , and it isn 't there . Or it is , and- - And you 're pulling back . As I 'm sure you can understand , I 'm ... Confused . I 'm confused too . I feel incredibly close to you . I feel like I know you better than anyone else in the world , and then when you look at me , it 's like none of that is true . Olivia , I don 't know what you want from me . I- - I want you to behave naturally . I want you to- - to treat me like you know me better than anyone in the world too . Because you do . I think that 's the one we 're looking for . [ Sighs ] Last time I opened one of these , it was rigged with Semtex . You mean with John Scott ? Yeah . How 'd you know it was Semtex ? Uh , because when we were trying to figure out what happened to him , we traced it back to a munitions trader in Hong Kong . Why ? 'Cause I didn 't know it was Semtex until right now . Okay . Meaning Walter 's theory can 't possibly be right . I 'm not projecting my memories onto you . You can 't have memories that I 've never had . I don 't understand how this is happening . I don 't understand it either . But whatever this is , whatever the cause , I told you I 'm not scared . I like the feeling . It 's unlocked . They feel threatened . They need to stop someone . Okay , stop . Who ? They 're gonna kill her . Sean , who ? ( Olivia ) Someone got here before us . [ Cell phone rings ] Dunham . Olivia , they know that you 're there . [ Tires screech , crashes ] [ Shouts ] Dr. Owen Frank , please . He 's on the third floor . Here , let me show you . If you 're looking for Mr. Dubrow , he 's moved three doors down . You 're ... You 're mine . No . He 's right in here . [ Knocks ] Dr. Frank . Boston PD . Dr. Frank . Lock down the facility . [ Screaming , wind howling ] I told you , Sean , it 's too loud . I prefer it on . Will you turn it on ? Turn it on . - Sean- - ( Astrid ) - Sean . What 's wrong ? I can 't hear them . When I couldn 't hear them before , there was a feeling that they were ... With me . Like when s- - You know someone 's in the room , even if you can 't see ' em . Okay . This is different . They 're gone . There 's nothing anymore . Just silence . Why ? I don 't know . The truth is we may never know . But I can understand why silence would scare you . You 're not used to being by yourself . But this is normal . [ Sighs ] It was so loud for you that you couldn 't even hear yourself think . And I bet you have a lot of great thoughts . [ Inhales ] ( Peter ) So destroying the records and killing the doctor , you think Walter was right ? You think they were just protecting the hive ? You thinking that this job just can 't get any weirder ? Yeah . No . That 's not what I was thinking . It 's ... It 's just that now the case is over , we would go back to one of each other 's houses . I know that that 's what we would do . That was one of the things that we would do . I know that . So now , I don 't know if I 'm just supposed to ignore that , or what you want , and I guess I just- - I- - Peter , how do you want to play this ? - Olivia- - - Look , you don 't have to answer now . - I just want you to think about it . - Olivia . I 'm thinking about it . It 's all I 've been thinking about . And I 'm afraid . I 'm afraid because I 've made this mistake before . I betrayed the Olivia that I love . But what I 'm really afraid of is ... When I look into your eyes , I know it 's you . I know it 's you . [ Chuckles ] I just gotta , um ... I just gotta go pee . Biometric hand scanner , like I said . Second-tier precaution . [ Beeps ] There . 20 vials present and accounted for . They 're all here . Mm-hmm . Now let 's focus on the real problem . What 's happening to Olivia ? We 've already given you all the details we know about so far . Where is she ? I 'd like to see her . Can I speak with her ? This is not cortexiphan . What are you talking about ? ( Walter ) It 's potassium iodide with food coloring . Red # 4 . The cortexiphan has been replaced . [ Door bell jingles ] [ Knocks ] 'Scuse me . The , uh , girl who came in here a couple minutes ago , about yea tall , blonde . I 'm sorry , I- - I didn 't see her . ( Nina ) Olivia ? Oh , God . Olivia ? Did they hurt you ? Nina ? Shh , it 's okay . We 're gonna be okay . We 're gonna be okay .
