 Previously on Fringe ... Whatever they needed , they have it now . It 's not safe for you here anymore . You have to go home . You 're not real . - What about this Olivia ? - We won 't be needing her anymore . Get me out ! Despite what you think my universe is not at war with yours . I 've seen war . If what you 're saying is true , in the end , I have to believe in hope . Please make this worth it . Since you got back from the other side , it 's like you 're a different person . She has a message for you . She 's trapped in the other universe . Olivia 's back . They think she had some kind of seizure . If it wasn 't for you , I would never have made it back . You saved my life . - Excuse me . - Sorry . So sorry . Yes , hello . Sure . Yes , there 's a man here in need of medical attention 5776 dower street . He 's injured very badly . Please hurry . Cheers . I 'm so sorry , sir . But ... there 's no other way . - No details on this one . - Never a good sign . Did somebody call 9-1-1 ? Someone call 9-1-1 ? Call this in . Dispatch , we 're looking at a possible homicide . Requesting backup . Joe , someone cut this guy 's heart out . Get in here . Don 't let me die . 3x09 - Marionette - Guess you weren 't expecting me back so soon . Which led me to believe that Walternate 's main priority was learning how to cross universes safely . - He was using me to discover how . - Do you think he 's close ? His tests enabled him to synthesize cortexiphan . So yeah , I think he 's close . And he is driven . The way he sees things , it 's his world or ours . I understand the other Olivia escaped with a crucial part of the machine . - Where is the rest of it ? - Science division is analyzing it now . - I 'd like to see the results . - Of course . Once you 're back . You 're officially on leave until further notice . To say you 've experienced a trauma is an understatement . You need to process what you 've endured over the past two months . I know , but I honestly believe that my ability to do my job - isn 't impaired . - Your ability 's not my only concern . I 'm not gonna deny the last few months haven 't taken their toll . But I made a promise to a friend over there . And I swore that I would do everything that I can to heal both worlds . I need to go back to work . This friend you 're talking about ... What was he like ? He wasn 't that unlike you . He was honorable , committed . He feared for his family , for their future . - So he had children ? - A son and a daughter . And he was very close to his wife . And they were still married ? - Come on , Walter ! Let 's go ! - Coming ! I thought it was in the closet . Wait . - Where was it ? - Bathroom . A couple of nights ago , I used my cauterizer to remove an uncomfortable growth between my ... Less information , better . Have you spoken to Olivia ? I did . Called her last night . Doing better , but still recuperating . I understand how difficult it is to be candid with people that you care about . Particularly when it concerns matters that are intimate in nature . - Ready to go ? - Yes , I am . - And by intimate , I mean sexual . - Yeah , I got that . I know this is an instance of a parent asking a child to do as he says and not as he does . How many ways can I tell you that I don 't want - to have this conversation , Walter ? - But you must have it . No , this conversation , the one that we 're having right now . We 're here . You understand better than most the pain a lie can inflict . Yes , I do . Which is why , even though I expect it 's going to change how she feels about me , I am going to tell Olivia everything . You 're a good man . She knows that . Look who 's here . It 's good to see you out and about . Peter , look , it 's Olivia . - Shouldn 't you be resting ? - Agent Dunham has been cleared for duty . - In that case , welcome back . - Thank you . - You gonna tell us what we 're in for ? - At approximately 8 : 00 , 9-1-1 received a call from inside this house . The caller said that there was someone inside in need of medical attention . When the EMTs arrived , they found the victim strapped to a table , chest cavity open and his heart missing . But then after they discovered him in that condition , the victim regained consciousness , spoke and then died three minutes later . He was conscious and speaking without a functional cardiovascular system ? - It appears so . - Lady Fortuna has smiled upon us . Where do you suppose I could pick up quality imported pickled herring ? No idea . Why ? I 'm thinking of scandinavia . - Scandinavia ? - The blood eagle . A norse method of torture . Breaking the ribs and spreading them out to resemble blood-stained wings . - So we 're looking for a viking ? - Whoever did this was trained . These incisions have been made with precision . This is beautiful work . Definitely not a viking . They were ruthless . Look at this . Scar tissue . He 's had heart surgery before . Stay here . I 'll be right back . It 's impossible to determine the time of death because in this case , the standards we generally use don 't apply . What exactly does that mean ? - He still has reflexes ? - Yes , and yet his heart was removed at least four hours ago . By now , rigor mortis should be starting to set in . - So we 're not even sure if he 's dead ? - He 's more dead than not . What if somebody is harvesting organs on the black market ? Not likely . This guy 's medicine cabinet rivals some pharmacies . Steroids , immunosuppressants antifungals , antibiotics , pain medication . You wouldn 't steal a heart from someone this sick . - Who 's the prescribing physician ? - Dr. Alexandra Ross . You two go talk to this Dr. Ross . Dr. Bishop , I 'll arrange to transport the cadaver to your lab . Great . Perhaps there I 'll be able to discover what made this tin man tick . - Dr. Ross is still in surgery . - Okay , then we 'll wait . You know you 're drinking swill right ? It 's nice to be able to take a cup of coffee for granted . What ? You know , when you go on vacation and you come back and some things are a revelation ? Like coffee or my favorite shoes . And then ... other things are just ... I don 't know . My mail was opened . It 's kind of disconcerting knowing somebody else has been living your life . You okay ? There 's something that I have to talk to you about . About her . I noticed ... changes . Small changes , but they were definitely there . She 's much quicker with a smile ... and less ... I don 't know . Less intense maybe . She said that when she was over there , what she saw of her other life , it made her want to change , to be happier . And I believed her , because that made sense . There was no way for you to know . Everything happened so fast , I couldn 't even tell you how they did it . And it 's okay . I 'm here now . When you asked me to come back to this world with you ... - you said ... - That you belonged with me . And so I came back for you . For us . And we started seeing each other . And I explained away the differences , because our relationship was different . I thought she was you , Olivia . Does everyone know ? I reported everything when I found out who she was . Olivia , I 'm sorry . You know , she had a really full life , really sweet boyfriend . And if he hadn 't been out of town , then who knows what could 've happened ? She had friends , people who loved her . People who risked their lives to help her . They all believed that I was her . I can understand how that ... Dr. Ross is out of surgery . - Could you give us a second , please ? - Sure . It 's fine . We 're good . Let 's go . I don 't understand . His heart was removed ? We 'd like to ask you about the medications that you prescribed him . Of course . It was the standard regimen for transplant recipients . Mr. Russo suffered from congestive heart failure . He was on the list for over a year waiting for a donor . He had a heart transplant ? He wanted a second chance . We gave him one . Or at least ... I thought we did . It won 't be long now . It will be okay . Walter , are you sure it 's called the Yatsko project ? Nina says that she checked Massive Dynamic 's archives personally , - and nothing came up under that heading . - That can 't be right . Belly and I created a serum similar to this in the mid - ' 70s . I 'm certain of it . We were trying to devise a method to ... Of questioning someone after death . - Of course you were . - Tell her to look under pet projects . Perhaps the Yatsko research was folded in . I 'm leaving . Peter 's giving you a ride home . He should be here any minute , Walter . Evening , everyone . What wonderful timing . - You got the keys to lock up ? - Yeah . Yeah , no problem . All right , don 't let him keep you here too late , okay ? - Good night , Walter . - Good night , Astrid . Peter , come here . Good night . I want you to smell something , tell me what you deduce . - What am I smelling ? - Him . Notice anything ? - I 'm not vomiting . - Precisely . By now , it should be emitting the unmistakable odor of putrefaction . This corpse 's decomposition has slowed to almost zero . - So what 's arresting the decay ? - That 's a good question . Astrid and I ... isolated traces of a serum in his blood . It functions as a preservative , radically slowing down cell degradation . Why bother to slow down his death ? They already stole his heart . To assuage his conscience , of course . People that would steal an organ would really be troubled by conscience ? He called 911 . If the EMTs had got him on a heart-lung machine in time , he might have survived . It 's highly unlikely , of course , but I 'm betting it helps our organ thief sleep well at night . At least somebody is . You haven 't told , Olivia . - Nope , actually , I did . - How did she react ? - Surprisingly well . - Really ? Do you think possibly they replaced her with a robot ? Tell me there 's more . There 's plenty . I just made a fresh pot . Great . Bad night ? I had a lot of laundry to go through . How is it , being back ? It 's good . Strange . Peter told me what happened , you know , that he was seeing her . You know , I get it , but ... You saw them together . What was he like with her ? He didn 't seem different ? I mean ... Like , happier or ... I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . We should go . Broyles wouldn 't have called us in if he didn 't have something . Olivia , wait . - He thought that she was with you . - I understand . It 's fine . It 's not fine . Whatever feelings that Peter had , they were not about her . They were about you . And they were real . They still are . Thank you , Astrid . A cross-state search of police records turned up multiple organ thefts . The incidents took place in fivestates , but the MO of the crime is consistent . You 're saying the same person did all this ? - It appears so . - Any of those organs transplants ? They all were . And not only that , they 're all from the same donor . - Do we have a name ? - A donor number . Names are kept confidential . 17-year-old female . We 've issued a priority request . We should know more shortly . Mind if I take a look ? So he 's gathering all of her organs . Why ? Some people have strong objections to organ donation . Maybe someone close didn 't think the recipients were worthy . It says here after the organs were harvested , they remanded the custody of the body to the Rosindale Eye Bank . - Her corneas were donated too ? - There 's no photos of them being stolen . Put me through to the Rosindale Eye Bank . This is colonel Broyles with the FBI . I need to speak with your executive director immediately . Yes , it 's urgent . Immediately means urgent . Thank you . So sorry , sir . These don 't belong to you ... do they ? Good . He wasn 't at home . We 're at his restaurant now . That was Astrid . We 've got a name on the donor . Amanda Walsh . Her family lives in Providence . FBI 's arranging an interview . There 's a light on in back . Anybody there ? Over here . We 're too late . Please ... Help me . I wanted to see how the construction was coming along . There was some paperwork to take care of . I was feeling fine . But as I was walking there , I started getting dizzy . Next thing I know , I 'm strapped to a slab . He actually apologized . Can you believe that ? He said he wished there was another way , that they didn 't belong to me . So Walter was right . We 're dealing with a remorseful organ thief . Well , that makes sense . He didn 't want to hurt those people . It 's about her . He didn 't want her organs going to someone else . I 'm gonna call Broyles , let him know we 're on the way to talk to the family . Please tell me you 're not giving Gene the evidence to drink . Not until I understand the long-term side effects . But imagine the possibilities if this can permanently erase cell decay . - Milk that doesn 't go bad . - And cheese . That dream is gonna have to wait , Walter . Here are the Yatsko project files . Massive Dynamic just sent them over . You were right . They were misfiled . It turns out that the research that you and William Bell did on human-tissue preservation didn 't stop when you went to St. Claire 's . Interesting . I think we 're on the precipice of understanding this . More you than we . I have a working hypothesis . Astrid , I need you to get me something . I need the organ donor . Amanda Walsh . I need her body ... Or what 's left of it . The only consolation I had was her passing gave other people another chance . Was Amanda dating anyone ? Did she have any friendships that were cause for concern ? I was more concerned she didn 't have any friends . She didn 't like school . She didn 't want to do sports . It was ballet . That was the only thing that ever made her happy . Mrs. Walsh , how did your daughter die ? She took her own life . My daughter was clinically depressed . - Was she being treated for depression ? - Yes . She was on antidepression medication . She also did a lot of group therapy . She kept trying different ones , but , there were a few that she stuck with . We 'd like the names of the doctors and also the groups that she was attending . Excuse me for a sec . I 'll get that information . Are you at the Walsh house ? - Yeah , why ? - Well , Walter has some kind of a theory . He needs you to speak to Mrs. Walsh . Okay . What 's he need ? Amanda 's schedule , her psychiatrist , the group she was going to . - If there 's anything else I can do ... - Actually there is . That was Astrid on the phone . We 'd like to ask your permission to exhume your daughter 's body . You can 't . - I know that 's an awful thing to ask . - No , it 's not possible . - Here she is . - I hope there 's a good reason for this , given all that family 's already had to suffer . There 's a good reason . Walter , come on , that 's a person . Not at all . I suspect it 's some kind of hardwood , cherry , maybe mahogany , and ... concrete . Are you sure ? I know that these are not human cremains . If that 's not her , then where 's her body ? Likely with the rest of her organs . I believe whoever is stealing these organs is trying to put this girl back together again . It 's gonna be good for you , very good . We need to keep your body strong , don 't we ? So the funeralhome didn 't report it . You 're kidding me . Okay , thanks . Broyles just confirmed your suspicion . Amanda Walsh 's body was stolen before it could be cremated , and the funeral home covered it up . Apparently stealing bodies is not all that unusual . Of course not . The theft of corpses is a time-honored tradition . - Tradition ? - We 've been stealing from the dead for as long as we 've been burying them . Perhaps longer . In the 1800s , grave robbery was the primary means that doctors and scientists had of obtaining human cadavers for study . In fact , the practice was so common that it inspired the Gothic novel Frankenstein . You may have heard of it . You don 't really believe that it 's possible to bring a dead person back to life , do you ? But not for lack of trying . Belly and I dabbled in that arena for years . But alas , we never could revive Yatsko . Peter just loved that cocker spaniel . Feel that . Finally some stiffness . I 've removed anyone who doesn 't have a medical or a scientific background . What about this guy ? Ellis Rourke . What group was he in ? General depression . He and Amanda were in it together for almost a year . Okay . Hit me . Age 36 , majored in biology , has an anger-management problem , arrested twice for battery . No , whoever 's doing this isn 't driven by anger . Colonel Broyles asked me to drop these records off . Thank you . I got it . Amanda was also in a cognitive behavioral group . It focused on ways to cope with depression . You 'd think someone working that hard at being okay , would get payoff . It doesn 't always work like that . I think I got something . Simon Waylan , age ... 29 . Says here that he is socially and sexually ... incompetent . No , it doesn 't fit the profile . All right , I appreciate that profiling is one of your specialties , but you could at least listen to what I say before dismiss it out of hand . He 's not the guy we 're looking for . - So what am I missing ? - What do you mean ? We 're looking for somebody who knows Amanda ... A loner type who has difficulty making friends , who more than likely has parents who are either living far away or are deceased , which would bring me to Simon Waylan . 29 years old , computer programmer , bachelor , lives alone , also just happened to leave the emergency-contact sheet blank . Therapist says that he displays symptoms of narcissistic personality disorder , which means caring about other people is not exactly his strong suit . - I 'm sorry , but he 's not the guy . - Right . Why not ? Profiling is not just about checking off the facts . You have to weigh them . - You gotta feel it in your gut . - So what don 't you feel ... He doesn 't love her . Whoever 's out there fighting to give Amanda back her life , even though she chose to end it , loves her . - I 'm sorry . - Don 't be . Let 's just move on . What is it ? Roland David Barrett ... Worked in animal research , but ... It 's not him . He dropped out of the group last spring . When last spring ? Last session was ... April 10th ... The day Amanda committed suicide . Barrett is the only son of Nathaniel Barrett , heir to the Stanfield Chemical fortune . Ten years ago , when his father passed away , Roland inherited everything . Does his post-doctoral work on ... cell decay and regeneration , but then quit abruptly because of an onset of severe depression . Then four years ago , he picks up his scientific work at the Duk-Hee Genetic Institute ... part of an international team . There are hundreds of researchers , but according to this , Barrett 's research contributed to the creation of synthetic life on the cellular level . - I wonder if he could actually do it . - What ? Reanimation . It 's me , Roland . You made a terrible mistake . But it 's okay now . You 're back . I always told you I 'm gonna be there for you , the way you were there for me , remember ? It 's okay . Look at me . Look at Roland . FBI , you 're surrounded ! All teams move out ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Move , move ! Clear ! Where is she ? Downstairs . Clear . I was trying to correct a wrong . She made a mistake . What was your relationship to her ? I just wanted her to have another chance . I wanted her ... to live a life . Her eyes . When I looked into her eyes ... it wasn 't Amanda . I don 't know what I brought back , but I know ... It wasn 't her . Is she dead ? Yes , she 's dead . You know what I need after a day like today ? For most people , it would be a drink , so ... - Strawberry milkshake ... - I can do that . - With extra whipped cream . - Don 't push it . Are you okay ? What is it ? You know what Barrett said ? He said that he looked into her eyes , and he knew that it wasn 't her . I understand the facts . I know that she had reams of information about me and about my life and about the people that were close to me . And I understand that if she slipped up that she would have a completely reasonable explanation for it . And I guess to expect you to have seen past that is perhaps asking a little bit too much . But when I was over there , I thought about you . And you were just a figment of my imagination . But I held onto you , and it wasn 't reasonable , and it wasn 't logical , but I did it , so ... why didn 't you ? She wasn 't me . How could you not see that ? Now she 's everywhere . She 's in my house , my job , my bed , and I don 't wanna wear my clothes anymore , and I don 't wanna live in my apartment , and I don 't wanna be with you . She 's taken everything . I 'm sorry . I have arrived . Yes . I am looking at him as we speak . He is still ... alive .
