 Mr. President . I found the TV remote . Good work , Sergeant . I 'm awarding you the Purple Heart . But I wasn 't injured . Ow ! Well , enough governing . It 's Saturday morning , damn it . Let 's watch some cartoons . It 's time to fall into the Futurama and Friends Saturday Morning Fun Pit ! Here comes Bendee-Boo and the Mystery Crew ! Bendee-Bendee-Boo , what 's wrong with you ? You 're such a lousy mascot No one understands a single word you say not even the jerk in the ascot Rite my ring retal rass ! It sure was nice of your nephew to invite us to his cloning lab here in the Repeating Forest . Uh-huh . Hey , like , here 's a puzzler . How old are we on a scale of 14 to 32 ? Did anyone else hear that weird laugh ? It 's spooky . It doesn 't seem to correspond to anything funny happening . I 'll say . Turn around . Go away . Do it now . Rikes ! Splinkies ! What was that ? I don 't know . It 's a mystery . Like , I 've got a bigger mystery . How am I going to fill my hungry stomach ? Yeah . Where can we find food here in the woods ? How about that kabuki theater ? Like ' where there 's a kabuki theater , there 's a concession stand . Say , Fry , why do you always have the munchies ? And also your eyes are bloodshot , you 're paranoid , and the van has a skunky odor . Search me . No , don 't . I 'm carrying . I do enjoy a well-buttered floor . George Takei ? Reorge Rakei ? Sorry to haunt you so effectively . I thought you kids were that dragon ghost that 's been spooking the town . Like , what 's the story with the yakitori ? Help yourselves . But I warn you , that chicken is over a year old . Why is the food in your concession stand so old , Mr. Takei ? You see , Amy , this used to be the most popular kabuki theater in the entire outskirts of town . But people stopped coming after they built that darned basketball arena . Now everybody likes basketball instead of Kabuki . It 's an insult to my Japanese heritage . How so ? This is America , not Japan . Maybe so . I 'm not sure . Now , how many tickets would you like for the show ? Like , none . But thanks for the yucky-tori . Another grave insult to my ancestry . Nu ? Is this the professor 's cloning lab ? Cloning is a sin against nature ! But yes . Follow me to the professor 's cloning room . You see , I 'm his butler . Oh ! My uncle Fry and his mystery-solving friends . Perhaps you can make sense of the ... What is it that 's been haunting us , Zoidberg ? Ghost . Now then , let me show you my lab . This is my cloning machine . This is where I keep various lengths of wire . And those are the Harlem Globetrotters . The Globetrotters ? What you doin ' wearin' an ascot , brother ? I think it looks nice . Ah ! What are you Globetrotters doing here ? We 're in town for the big game . And we stopped by to help our friend , the professor , with his cloning machine . Just call me the clone prince of basketball . Like , it 's basketball superstar Larry Bird ! Larry Bird , what are you doing here ? Hi . This is Larry Bird calling . Listen , my agent sent me that cartoon script , and I 've decided I don 't want to be involved in any way . Nice to meet you , Larry Bird . Okay , let 's clone us a whole team of Larry Birds . Now we can practice for the big game . We figure , if we can beat five Larry Birds , we can beat anybody . Cloning is wrong . It 's wrong , I say ! Oh , I just hope that mysterious dragon ghost doesn 't show up at the lab again . But why would a ghost want to stop the Globetrotters from practicing ? And against a team of clones , no less . Well , gang , it looks like we 've got more of the same mystery on our hands . Like , the real mystery is how I 'm gonna get any sleep with all this noise . I need some air . It 's me , the dragon ghost . We met before . Like , yikes ! ifs time to spring into action , gang . Okay . Rabbit goes around the tree . There . All right , it 's time to get to the bottom of what , at this point , can only be called a mystery . Let 's split up . Eight of us will stay here with this dragon-trap the professor built . Meanwhile , Fry , Bendee , you go look for the dragon . Like , you guys are terrible friends for always sending us to our deaths . I 'm not going . Re reither ! Would you do it for a Bendee Brew ? Rokay . Ri 'm a ralcoholic . Yummy , yummy , yummy I 've got love in my tummy And I feel like a-lovin ' you Love , you 're such a sweet thing Good enough to eat thing And that 's just a-what I 'm gonna do Ooh , love to hold you Ooh , love to kiss you Ooh , love , I love it so Ooh , love , you 're sweeter Sweeter than sugar Ooh , love , I won 't let you go All right , gang . I think we have all the clues we need to solve the mystery of the haunted cloning machine . Only one person took issue with the ethical ramifications of cloning and also had access to this castle . The butler , Dr. Zoidberg ! Let 's see who this so-called butler really is . Oops . Never mind . Here , take this . Ah ! May he rest in peace . Hey , there 's a dragon in this trap ! Help . Help . Let 's see who this dragon ghost really is . George Takei ? That 's right . And I would never have gotten away with it , regardless of you meddling kids . But , like , that dragon ghost was hovering and translucent . Yes . You see , I used the projector from my Kabuki theater . But Kabuki theaters don 't have a projector . Some do . It all makes sense . He knew that if he scared the Globetrotters away from the big basketball game , disappointed fans would flock to his kabuki theater . Of course ! No , that 's not why I did it . Then , like , why did you do it ? I 'm mentally ill . Thanks for helping solve the mystery . After practicing against five Larry Birds , we 're ready for anything . And now , introducing the opponents , six Larry Birds ! Bendee-Bendee-Boo ! What 's all this ruckus ' ? People live here , you know . Mr. President , our children are fat and dumb , and we blame cartoons . It 's time to get government onto our backs . We demand you regulate children 's programming and force the writers to shoehorn in helpful lessons . Fine , fine . Get off my lawn . I 'll have Agnew put in a call to Hollywood . All right , let 's laugh and learn . And now , the show that teaches kids to eat right and have a good time , all while tolerating others . This will shut up those whining hippies . Stay tuned for Purpleberry Pond . Purpleberry Pond is fun for young and old When healthy juicy purpleberries fill your bowl We all get along and we 're happy and merry I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Of eating right we are very fond When we eat together on Purpleberry Pond Good morning , Princess Purpleberry . Isn 't it a lovely morning ? It 's particularly purp-tacular . It 's pur-practically pur-perfect . It 's funny how we never get tired of the word " purple . " Never . And it 's all thanks to a balanced diet , composed of nothing but purpleberries . I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Purpleberry Pond will return after these messages . Hey , Mickey , you seem kind of down . You should try some sugar-blasted Purpleberry Puffs . My sugar-blasted purpleberries are triple-soaked in maple-flavored syrup to start your day with purple power . And the leftover milk looks like Purpleberry Pond . Ah ! Purpfeberry Puffs are the sweetest part of your complete breakfast . Along with juice , toast , ham , eggs , bacon , milk , cheese , liver , waffles and a big horse vitamin . And now , back to our show . Healthy , healthy , healthy Healthy purpleberries are Eat purpleberries and you 'll be a star Look , a new purp-son is coming to Purpleberry Pond . Announcing Lord Loquai . I wonder what shade of purple he 'll be . Greetings , Princess Purpleberry . I am Lord Loquat , your new neighbor . You 're coming to live here ? There goes the purple-hood . You 're different , and I don 't like you . Wait , it doesn 't matter the color of your berries . After all , it takes two colors to make a rainbow . Shucks , I never thought of it that way . Sorry , cheddar-head . Look up high where the rainbow bends Orange and purple are the best of friends I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . And orangeberries . We 'll be back after these messages . Mom , why is there orange in my Purpleberry Puffs ? As an active morn , I care about these things . I 'll check the box while you start eating . Now my sugar-blasted Purpleberry Puffs have loquat-flavored orangeberries . Two colors ? Wow . Bort . It 's a small part of this girl 's breakfast . Whoa , whoa ! Bort ? I have a plan to get my hands on those purpleberries with new loquat-flavored orangeberries . Soon I will have an important part of a complete breakfast . Oh , no . The Berry Burglar fired his snowball bomb . The snow will destroy the purpleberry crop . Wait , it 's not snow . It 's sugar . Yay ! New sugar-frosted , sugar-blasted Purpleberry Puffs . You can really see the sugar . I don 't know which I like more , original or type two . And now , back to our show . Curses , I didn 't get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . But next time , by gosh , I 'll get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Will the Berry Burglar never learn ? Probably not , but we did . We learned that no matter whether we 're purple or orange ... Or new polkaberry . Good nutrition is just a bowl away . You know you want to try it So tell your mom to buy it Buy Purpleberry Puffs cereal . Buy ! Buy ! Buy ! Bye-bye . We 'll be back with more commercials after these important messages . Go , me ! They fight for the heck of it because they like to , here comes G.I. Zapp G.I. Zapp , G.I. Zapp ! G.I. Zapp is the code name for an elite group of heavily armed mercenaries , eager to murder the enemy , regardless of the cost in innocent lives . Ah ! Here we go . No one can complain about this patriotic dreck . What 's that ? A rock ? I hate rocks . What do you stupid voters want now ? What possible objection could you have to the G.I. Zapp cartoon ? It 's too violent . Oh ! Very well . As leader of the free world , it is my solemn duty to put an end to cartoon violence . I 'll have to re-edit the program . Rose Mary , have we got any type of machinery to edit tape ? Oh , you know we do . Time for Dickie to get tricky . G.I. Zapp ! G.I. Zapp ! G.I , Zapp ! G.I. Zapp is the code name for an elite group of ... Patriotic peacekeepers who rebuild schools with their bullet-sucking vacuum tanks . That 's what they are . Today 's episode , " Operation throat ... " " Banana Split . " What the hell kind of plane is that ? Okay , G.I. Zapps . Today 's mission is to parachute into Fort Weaponsworth and take back our shrapnel laser , which was stolen by our sworn enemy . The terrorist group known as A.C.R.O.N.Y.M. " A.C.R.O.N.Y.M. A Criminal Regiment Of Nasty Young Men . " That 's clever . I 'll leave that the way it is . I 'll show those G.I. Zapps once and for all when I fire this surface-lo-air m ... Warning shot . Excellent plan , Profestro . That 'll blow them straight to he ... Church . Sound off as you jump . Freezer Burn ! Nutcracker ! That 's no name for a woman . Let 's just call her Pat . - Waterboard ! - Helpful Johnny . - Boxcutter ! - Powder Puff . - Orphan Crippler ! - Nah . Pass . Incoming surface-to-air ... Telegram ! Pilot , is your parachute packed and ready ? Yes , sir . Good , because I forgot mine . Mayday ! Mayday ! I 'll be home for dinner . I ... landed the plane safely next to this naturally occurring fireball . At Disneyland . Hi , Tinker Bell . Ready . Aim ... Negotiate . Ugh ! Here comes a water balloon . That 's quite a splash . Uh , beam me up , Scotty . Yay ! I caught it . Ah ! - I 'm hit . Oh , God , it ... - Tickles . - Oh , no . Freezer Burn is ... - Sleeping . - I will avenge him , you heartless ... - Bastards ! It 's okay if I say it . Just measuring you for a new hat . Three , four , cha-cha-cha . Find that apple . It 's down there somewhere . That 's it , I 'm pulling the plug . Agnew , cut to the PSA . Give me the ball ! No , give me the ball . I know , let 's fight for it . Now , hold on there , boys . Violence never solved anything . Then how do we decide who gets the ball ? Agnew , show them . There . How do you like your stupid ball now ? That concludes the Futurama and Friends Saturday Morning Fun Pit ! Now stay tuned for six hours of golf .
