 RUSH : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . ELI : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . YOUNG : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . YOUNG : There is no mission other than getting these people home . RUSH : It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . They 're machines . One simple directive , " Find alien technology and destroy it . " I 'm getting damage reports from all over the ship ! Rush , whatever you 're gonna do , you got to do it now ! ELI : Recognition software , friend or foe . What if we tell them that they 're the enemy ? Ginn and I figured out how to dial the ninth chevron back to Earth while Destiny recharges in a star . RUSH 'S VOICE : Tell them not to try and dial Earth . It won 't work . If they go through with it , they 're all going to die . Stop trying to scare people and get on with this . Wait three seconds , then follow me ! RUSH : The connection was made , but you were the only one who made it through to Earth . We 're down to about 20 % efficiency here . That 's about all we 're going to get . Moving on . - Sir . - T.J. Hey , I 've had a number of people reporting headaches . Couple of cases of nausea and dizziness . I don 't know if they 're related , but both cases are sleeping in fourth floor C quarters . Yeah , something on this bucket is always broken . Rush and Brody are working on it . We need more lime for the air filters . This is Young . What do we got ? Two gates . One is locked out , the other looks promising . I 'll send a team . WRAY : Whatever you decide to do , I ... - Hey . - Hey . They just reported back . Looks like the planet may have some of the supplies we need . Oh ! I don 't suppose they found any of those purple fruit we got a while back ? Yeah , yeah . You liked those ? Those were awful . Yeah , they tasted terrible . So why do you ask ? Why am I always the last one to know ? What were they good for ? ( WRAY LAUGHS ) CHLOE : Hey , did you see that ? No , no , you can 't just change the subject . No , seriously , look ! Something moved out there . There . What is it ? Those are drones . We 're under attack . - Evasive maneuvers . - SCOTT : Executing evasive maneuvers . Weapons active . - Got one . Five . - How many are left ? There has to be a command ship in the vicinity . Which means a lot more could be on the way . Whoa . That can 't be good . We 're taking some minor damage . I 'm rerouting power to shields and weapons . Nice shot . You 're getting pretty good at that . - Bring it on . - PARK : Let 's hope they don 't . Maybe we can handle six of them , but we can 't jump back into FTL for another two hours and ten minutes . That 's all of them . ( BEEPING ) SCOTT : Wait a minute , not exactly . The command ship just came up on sensors . It 's on an intercept course . Put them in our six , give me maximum acceleration . Yes , sir . All right , command ship is still gaining , but just barely . Now , if we can keep this up until we 're good to jump ... We can 't . Not a chance . We 'd blow the engines . Buy as much time as you can . What the hell happened ? I thought we left drone-occupied space behind a long time ago . Apparently , we were wrong . No , we weren 't . You think they 're tracking us somehow , coming after us ? - How ? - I 'm not sure . You think it has something to do with the one we have onboard ? I 've considered that . I thought it might be worth the risk , you know , to study them . It 's totally dormant . Get rid of it . Colonel Young , this is Park . Destiny just cut off power to the sub-light , probably to prevent a burnout . Do you want me to override ? - I wouldn 't recommend it . - That 's a negative . How about the command ship ? They 've slowed , as well , but still closing . ETA is less than one hour . YOUNG : Understood . How long till we jump ? Yeah , we 're cutting it close . We jumped early before . And the damage it caused is precisely the reason why we can 't attempt that again now . I don 't think we can survive another full-on attack . You 'd better hope that we can . SCOTT : All right , set her down . Okay , let 's move . All right , sealed off the area by the docking collar . Okay , open the outer door . Destroying that drone only helps us if we make it to the next jump , assuming that 's how they tracked us in the first place . Sorry . Just panicking out loud . What 's our status ? SCOTT : The command ship 's just coming into range . ( RAPID BEEPING ) Okay . We 're not going to make it . Sir ... We 're taking a lot of damage , sir . We can 't hold them off . Now ! We have to jump now ! Not yet . Transferring all remaining power to the shields . Hold on ! ( RAPID BEEPING ) - Shut off those damn alarms ! - ( BEEPING STOPS ) - How bad is it ? - Well , we 're still here . That was close . - Yeah . How are the repairs going ? - Could be worse , I guess . We could use a few more of those robots . Shoot , you 're lucky you have two . No , we 're lucky we 're still alive . This ship can 't possibly hold up against another attack like that . Well , hopefully they can 't track us anymore . Don 't you hate having to start that sentence with " hopefully " ? We have a planet coming into range . It appears Destiny wants to drop out of FTL . Override it . We need lime for life support . This planet might be a good candidate to have it . Look , we can 't stay in FTL forever . I 'd much rather the ship be in a better state of repair . RUSH : Well , we 've dealt with the most critical issues . Look , I can 't guarantee it 's going to be safe , but I can guarantee if we don 't stop pretty soon , we 're going to have trouble breathing . Okay . Drop out . Please tell me there 's no more drones in range . Screens are clear . For now , anyway . What do we got ? Good atmosphere . Temperature . Trees . Looks nice . Okay , let 's go . This is Scott . We 're gonna check out the immediate vicinity of the gate . Have Brody and his team standing by . Roger that . SCOTT : Secure the perimeter . ( RIFLE COCKING ) What is it ? GREER : I think I heard something . Stop ! Freeze ! Halt ! ( EX CLAIMS ) ( PANTING ) Don 't shoot . - You speak English . - You came through the gate . Oh , my God , I know you . You 're Matthew Scott . And you 're Ronald Greer . How do you know our names ? You 're the Ancestors . They called them the Ancestors ? Why would they say that ? According to Scott , they claim that their civilization was founded 2,000 years ago by the crew of the Destiny . They said it was in their historical archives . They even had copies of old Kino footage , and that 's how they were able to recognize Scott and Greer . How is it possible ? The other Destiny . They dialed inside a star , right , and the whole ship went back in time what , 12 hours ? When that happened , there was two of everyone , you , me , everyone . We thought that most of them died in the unstable wormhole trying to get back to Earth , but what if they didn 't die ? What if the wormhole sent them even further back ? We know solar flares can do that , cause a wormhole to loop back on itself and move through time . Yeah , but it didn 't loop back on itself . There was no Destiny here 2,000 years ago . The wormhole simply jumped to another gate in the vicinity . ( LAUGHS ) This is unbelievable . Those people are our descendants . Eli , we didn 't go back in time . Well , no , not us , exactly , but the other us . Same DNA . Come on , am I the only person here who thinks this could be the coolest thing ever ? Fine , don 't you at least want to know what happened to them ? How they survived and developed as a society ? You played a lot of SimCity as a kid , didn 't you ? Actually , this is more like SimEarth . Come on , we have to go talk to these people . There 's still no sign of any drones ? No , we should be safe enough here at the moment . - See ? - RUSH : But , please , let 's not lose sight of why we dropped out in the first place . Lime for the scrubbers , yeah , I know , I know . All right . Hey , everyone , this is Jason and Ellie . - Hello . - You 're Eli Wallace . Yeah . Chloe Armstrong , and Camile Wray . - Pleased to meet you . - I don 't even know how this is possible . You 're all dead , thousands of years ago . Yes and no . There 's a perfectly good explanation . The Testament did say that the Destiny might someday return . The other me could have guessed we had gone back in time . You have to come and meet the others . The settlement 's not far . Okay , sure , lead the way . I 'll radio ahead and make sure they know we 're coming . You have radios ? Of course . ELLIE : No one 's going to believe this . They 're totally going to freak out when they see you . ( ALL LAUGHING SOFTLY ) This is so cool . ELLIE : When we first heard you come through the gate , we thought maybe you were from Novus . SCOTT : What 's Novus ? The planet where you founded our civilization 2,000 years ago . CHLOE : You mean this isn 't it ? JASON : This place ? No . Our people came here as part of an expedition , one of several sent to find other viable worlds . So you use gate travel ? We did . But then one day something happened , and we couldn 't connect to Novus anymore . There are no other gates in range . So you 've been stranded here ? How long ago did that happen ? It was before Jason and I were even born . It 's just up this way over here . ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) Hi . Hey , hey , it 's okay . Don 't be afraid . Hello . ( ALL MURMURING ) Incredible . This is Yaozu . That was my father 's name . I 'm Camile Wray . It is an honor to meet you . WRAY : Likewise . Come in , please . Thank you . May I introduce Landon , Abigale and Betty ? - Betty . - Hello . YAOZU : Would you care for some tea ? Yes . Yes , thank you . - Will you sit ? - Sure . Why not ? Sitting is good . - Thank you . - Thank you . You 're even more handsome in person . Betty seems nice . Oh ! That 's good . Thank you . Most of us , myself included , never imagined this day would come . Ellie said the Testament spoke of Destiny 's return . If that 's some sort of written history , I 'd love to take a look at it . - If I could figure out ... - Eli , there 's time . YAOZU : You have questions for us . We have questions for you , as well , but first , let me begin with some ancient words of greeting ... ( SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) Which means ... Roughly , um , " May all things go according to the wishes of those who hear it . " That 's right . ( WRAY LAUGHS ) There are about 100 people in this settlement , and a couple of others just like it scattered in the vicinity of the gate . That 's not much of a civilization . But they claim that Novus , the planet they came from , has a population in the millions , and from the sounds of it , they were fairly advanced technologically . Obviously they had a head start . I mean , they had our knowledge . Did they know they had gone back in time ? No , but apparently the other me suspected it was possible . I wrote that one day , Destiny could return . Still , they must have been pretty surprised to see you . - How long have they been there ? - Thirty years . They were looking for other viable planets because their homeworld was suffering some kind of a natural disaster . It was volcanoes , earthquakes or something like that , but I don 't know , they said it was getting pretty bad . WRAY : And there was a fair amount of political tension . - Not surprising . - No . But get this , there were two predominant countries on Novus , each based on a distinct political philosophy . The people in the expedition were all from one country called Tenera . They follow the teachings of this book , the Testament , which apparently some of us wrote . Wait , " Tenera " ? That 's Ancient . That means " the land of the young . " Or " the land of Young . " There was also another group of evacuees who blamed the other me for what happened . They thought Rush was still onboard Destiny and would one day come and rescue them . Eventually , he became some kind of savior figure . They broke off and formed a country of their own . - Let me guess , " Rusha " ? - ( VOLKER AND PARK CHUCKLE ) That 's funny . They called it Futura . Really ? BRODY : What 's wrong with Futura ? It 's a dumb name . Yeah , how is it dumb ? Apparently , he came up with it . WRAY : These people we met believe that the stargate on Novus was either damaged or destroyed in a subsequent earthquake . Right , so they have no idea what happened on their homeworld ? No . ELI : And check this out . It 's a databank , compatible with Destiny 's technology . It has copies of Kino video clips the evacuees made their first few years on the planet . It 's us . It 's the other us . Apparently , to the people of Novus , the original Kino is a holy artifact , like the Dead Sea Scrolls . Look , are we going to get the supplies we need or not ? Yeah , they 're helping us gather all kinds of stuff . Good , then perhaps something useful will come out of this after all . ( SIGHS ) I can 't believe you helped found an entire country based on the hopes that he would come and rescue you . I can 't believe you named it Futura . Shut up . Seriously , isn 't that a font ? SCOTT : All right , this right here . Medicinal , food , food . Okay , thank you very much . This also goes to Becker , all right ? There 's a station set up in the Gate Room . Okay ? Make it happen . Cold . Hydroponics . Just place it right over there . WRAY : This is our bridge . ( LAUGHING ) This is awesome ! He said " awesome . " - WRAY : I 'd like you to meet Dr. Rush . - Hello . I was just leaving , actually . Well , you can stay as long as you like . I 'm sure Doctors Volker and Park have many amusing stories to fascinate you with . Is everything all right ? There are those somewhat less enlightened among our people who believe he is a demon who rips souls from human bodies and takes them to hell where they suffer for all eternity . It 's funny how things have a way of getting twisted and exaggerated over time . While others don 't . He 's not that bad . Many Futurans worship him like a god . We won 't tell him that . I thought you said it was compatible . Nothing ever works the way it 's supposed to . Oh ! There . This is the spot where we 're going to break ground . Hard to imagine now , but one day , hopefully , this will all be one big city . And we took a final vote last night to name the planet . I suggested it should be something in Ancient . Volker said Novus Mundus , which means " New World . " While appropriate , nobody really liked the sound of " Mundus , " - except Volker . - ( LAUGHS ) Anyway , Novus ended up winning out , which , it 's kind of strange , because it just ... It means " new . " Like , new what ? Well , new everything , I guess , so " Novus " it is . And here we are back at the Gate Room . JASON : This ship is incredible . It has its flaws . - Thank you for showing us around . - You 're welcome . And thank you for your people 's help gathering supplies . They will serve us well for some time . You 've been so kind and patient answering all our questions . My pleasure . We only have one more thing to ask of you . Of course . What is it ? Will you take us home ? JASON : We haven 't been able to dial the gate , but that doesn 't mean that all of Novus is destroyed . Just that the gate isn 't working . This ship could take us there . All of you ? We were supposed to build a colony , but only with the help of our homeworld , and an open gateway providing ongoing support and supplies . I understand that , but ... We 're surviving , but just barely . YAOZU : We have struggled through great hardship . It 's hard to imagine the beliefs of the Futurans could be so close to the truth , but here you are , all of you , come to rescue us . Shouldn 't we try and help them ? Forget the relationship , they 're human beings . Imagine if the situation were reversed , and it was us asking them for help . And we did , and despite the fact that they barely have enough to survive on their own , they 've helped us gather everything we need and more . Yeah , because they thought we were their way off that planet . Well , correct me if I am wrong , but we can 't take that many people onboard even if we want to . Based on the address , I figured out where Novus is . It would only take us a week to get there , and , yes , yes , I 've done the math . With the lime we got from the planet , we should be able to make it just before the atmosphere on the ship gets toxic . RUSH : Yeah , with nothing in reserve . So what happens if we get there and we don 't find any more ? We 're stuck , and that 's not to mention the drain on our food and water supplies . These people were advanced 30 years ago . They could be even more advanced now . Hell , maybe they could even help us restore the ship to its full working capacity . Or they could have died in subsequent earthquakes . I mean , do they even know what was causing the problem in the first place ? According to Yaozu , their scientists were beginning to form a theory before the expedition was launched . They had evidence to suggest that a rogue black hole was approaching their solar system . Well , I take it that 's not good . The resulting tidal forces could tear the whole system apart . So we could use all our supplies to get them there , and then find no planet ? It might not have happened yet . It could take hundreds of years . Please , let 's not forget , we still don 't know how those drones tracked us . Now , until we figure that out , our best form of defense is to spend as little time out of FTL as possible . The last thing we need right now is an unnecessary drain on our resources . The planet 's in our path , so we check it out . If they are still alive , maybe we can help them fix the gate , and they can rescue their own people . Is that your final decision ? Let 's finish loading the supplies . ( SCREAMS ) - Eli , get that thing out of my face ! - Sorry , sorry , sorry . ( OLD JOHANSEN GROANING ) Yeah , it 's time . On the next contraction , I want you to push , okay ? OLD JOHANSEN : Okay . OLD WRAY : All right . ( OLD JOHANSEN SCREAMING ) Keep pushing ! - Keep pushing ! Keep pushing ! - I 'm pushing ! Where is he ? Matt said they were scouting a place for an irrigation canal . OLD JOHANSEN : That was hours ago ! OLD WRAY : Yeah . He 's gonna be here , all right ? Just stay focused . OLD JOHANSEN : ( PANTING ) Okay . OLD WRAY : Deep breath and then push . Now ! ( OLD JOHANSEN SCREAMING ) - Hey . - Hi . - I didn 't want you to miss it . - OLD YOUNG : No , I 'm here . It 's gonna be all right . OLD WRAY : I can feel the baby 's head . Okay , on the next contraction , I want you to give one big push , okay ? Okay . ( PANTING ) ( SCREAMING ) It 's a boy ! A boy ! First baby is born on Novus . ( OLD ELI LAUGHING ) He 's beautiful ! ( BABY CRYING ) We have been here 10 years now . Our little town 's coming along . Some of us even have children . It 's been a struggle at times , but it 's been kind of fun to try to find ways to make this work . I just wish my mother could see what I 've done , meet her grandson . That 's my only real regret in all this . OLD YOUNG : I remember when we first came here . It was , well , it feels like a long time ago now . It was ... We had very little , it was really hard , but I think it brought us together . Everything we have here , we have built with our own hands , and now we stand at a precipice . Some of us want to divide , and sure , yes , we have our issues , and we have our differences , but we can 't lose perspective . As your leader , I may not have been perfect , I know that . But I know that I tried my best , and that I persevered . Now , as a group , we will survive . We will prosper as long as we can remember above anything else that we need each other , and we need to help each other . That doesn 't change anything here and now . I just thought it might sway your decision seeing that they are us . As much as we 'd like to ignore their problems , we 're all human beings . We have a responsibility to each other , don 't we ? Well , unfortunately , what we should do and what we can do are too far apart . We 'll stop by their home planet , and we 'll see what happened . I 'd like to say goodbye . Sure . It 's not a question of not wanting to help . It 's a question of resources . There are so many of you , and the ship 's damaged , and I 'm so sorry . So , it seems the Futurans were wrong after all . I only wish we 'd known sooner . We could have avoided generations of conflict . We may be able to get the Novus gate up and running again . If we can , we 'll dial in and let you know . We 'll be waiting . ( EXPLOSION ) WRAY : What was that ? SCOTT : Eli ? I don 't know . Over there . WRAY : Oh , my God . JASON : What ? - What was that ? - We need to get the hell out of here now ! - Do you have a safe place to hide , a cave ? - Not nearby . We have to get to the gate ! We need to evacuate your people right now . - I don 't understand ... - GREER : Incoming ! SCOTT : Go , go , go , go ! Run ! WRAY : Go to the gate ! Go to the gate ! SCOTT : Go , go , go ! Hurry ! Come on , go , go , go ! WRAY : Jason , take everyone to the gate now ! - Report . - A command ship just dropped out . - Can we jump ? - VOLKER : Yeah , we 're good . Brody , this is Young . Dial the planet . Get Scott 's team back here immediately . They just dialed in . Drones are attacking the planet , as well . Scott is requesting permission to evacuate the locals to Destiny . Tell him to go ahead . We 'll hold them off as long as we can . Come on , come on , come on ! Go , go , go ! Come on ! Go , go , go ! - We got this ! - No way ! Not until these people are safe ! Come on , right up there . Okay , guys , keep coming through ! Keep coming , don 't bunch up ! - How the hell did they find us ? - I don 't know . To the left , to the left ! Come on ! Get down ! Get down ! ( DRONES WHINING PAST ) ( WHINING RECEDING ) We can 't take much more of this . BRODY : Colonel , we 've lost the connection to the planet . Scott and his team still haven 't come through . Well , try to dial them . Find out what happened . We 've tried already ! The address won 't connect . The gate is now saying it 's no longer operational . Okay , that 's it . We have to go . Make the jump . - Colonel ! - Do it ! I hate to be the one to say this , but we 're stranded here . Well , even if we can 't use the gate , Destiny can still come back for us . - What ? - SCOTT : They were under attack , as well , and the ship was already damaged . Even if they got away , they wouldn 't be able to risk it . But the drones are gone . ELI : But they don 't know that . And without the gate , we have no way to tell them . What were those things ? SCOTT : Robot ships . There 's no pilots . ELI : A mechanical army of drones programmed to seek out and destroy all technology foreign to them . They took out our generators and long-range transmitter . And they were built to win a war between two alien races in this galaxy . When the war was over , the weapons were left behind . Why would they come here ? That might be our fault . WRAY : We encountered them a little while ago . It seems they 've been tracking us ever since . We thought we 'd lost them , but apparently not . They 're chasing Destiny . It still doesn 't explain how they found us here . The gate . An active gate is a massive subspace event . They must have found a way to detect it from long range . You said that there were more settlements nearby . Do they have generators and other technology , as well ? We have to warn them . It 's probably too late . It has to be the active gate . Every time we drop out , we dial . We 've been broadcasting our position through subspace . It 's the only thing that would explain why they attacked the planet and Destiny at the same time . So we are safe as long as we don 't dial . But the gate is our supply line . Well , we can use a shuttle in the meantime , as necessary . The drones ' ability to detect an active gate must have some limitation . Well , I 'll have to do the calculations , but I agree . We should be able to use the gates again at some point . Okay , what about the team on the planet ? Well , we don 't even know if they 're still alive . Don 't we have to take that chance ? And risk the ship and everyone onboard ? He 's right . Listen , I 'm sorry . We 're not going back . Camile said you were out here . What are you doing ? I had an idea , wanted to check something out . I 'm assuming this thing 's never going to dial again . No . So , what 's your plan ? Gates use short range subspace transmitters . It 's how they communicate status updates with Destiny before it even drops out or dials , and I was thinking maybe we can use it to send a message . Tell them the drones are gone , it 's safe to pick us up . And won 't the signal call the drones back ? I would like to say no . The signal is several thousand times fainter than the event caused by an active wormhole . But you can 't know for sure . It 's a calculated risk . But if the signal 's that faint , will it even reach Destiny ? They 've probably already jumped into FTL by now . No , it should reach them if they haven 't gone too far . So this is a total crapshoot . It ... Pretty much . So far , I haven 't even figured out how to send a message . All I can do is turn this stupid thing off and on . BRODY : " Mundus " ? VOLKER : Yeah . Ancient for " world . " Novus Mundus . " New World . " It sounds stupid . ( LAUGHS ) Yeah , and " Futura " sounds cool ? Yeah , obviously , it 's a matter of opinion . It 's a font . What do we got ? Not sure . Have a look . It just started blinking like that . I 'm not sure what it means . I do . This is Young . Rush , Chloe , I need you on the bridge now . It 's Morse code . - Morning . - Morning . I 'm starting to get the feeling that we may have to settle in here for good . - One more shot . - SCOTT : Eli ! Hey ! Hey , you did it . - I did it ? - Yeah , it worked . ELI : How do you know ? ( SHIP APPROACHING OVERHEAD ) WRAY : ( LAUGHING ) Yes ! You did it ! Colonel Young said we 're going to take these people home . Sorry . Hey . Thanks . I know I said I wanted to help these people , but I got to be honest . I 'm glad we 're almost there . I think it 's been kind of fun . Don 't tell that to Rush . He 's been even grumpier than usual . He says the CO2 they 're producing has completely offset the extra lime we brought onboard . When they leave , we 'll just be right back to where we started . Some of them are saying they 'd like to stay . I know . You think Colonel Young will let them ? Guess it depends on how many . Well , do you think their planet 's going to be in one piece when we get there ? ELI : Absolutely . The way they described the seismic activity , I 'd say they got years before it goes critical . SCOTT : I don 't know . It was bad enough to make them send out those expeditions in the first place , and that was 30 years ago . And what about the politics ? I overheard some of them talking , and it sounds like things were getting pretty bad . Apparently , both sides had nuclear weapons . No , no , there 's no way it would have come to that . But they were facing an escalating natural disaster , putting pressure on their resources ... Which just as easily could have brought them together . Guys , they 're our descendants . We passed down all of our knowledge , our understanding . And apparently , some of our disagreements . - YOUNG : Lieutenant . - Sir . We 're about to drop out . As soon as we 're in range , you 're going to be flying the first recon . Yes , sir . I 'll go prep the shuttle . - If it 's okay ... - Permission granted . Thank you . We 'll be passing into the atmosphere shortly . No radio signals . Yeah . I noticed that . They 're supposed to be advanced , right ? - So ? - They 're entering the atmosphere . SCOTT : We 're passing through what appears to be a pretty thick layer of particulate matter . Dust and ash . All right , getting a reading on surface temperatures . It 's pretty cold down there . Oh , God . A nuclear winter . SCOTT : All right , cloud 's breaking up . We should be able to see something here pretty soon . Whoa ! What is it ? SCOTT : It 's a city . It 's a huge , modern city , and it 's completely intact . It 's incredible . I 'm not picking up any radioactivity . In fact , we 're not getting any EM at all . - RUSH : Of course . - What ? Well , the layer of dust and ash , blocking out sunlight , lowering surface temperatures . There 's really only one possible explanation . Extreme volcanic activity . Like a super-volcano , or worse . Not exactly nuclear winter , but just as devastating . Are you seeing any movement down there ? Negative . I 'm gonna bring us in for a closer look . Sir , we 've done another close pass over the city including the outskirts . We 're not seeing any signs of people . No smoke from fires , no tracks in the snow , nothing . It doesn 't look like anyone 's been around here for a long time . But millions of people lived here . Where did they all go ? . : Modifié pour WEB-DL par M0uSe : .
