 RUSH : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . ELI : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . YOUNG : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . YOUNG : There is no mission other than getting these people home . RUSH : It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . You were in detention . For good reason . I was just wondering what to do about it now . That 's not up to you . Take cover ! WRAY : Homeworld Command needs the intel they 're providing , and it 's quite possible that these prisoners have information that could help head off that attack . ELI : Ginn and I figured out how to dial the ninth chevron back to Earth while Destiny recharges in a star . RUSH : Somehow , I 've come back through time . Tell them not to try and dial Earth . It won 't work . They 're all going to die . Stop trying to scare people and get on with this . Wait three seconds , then follow me ! RUSH : The connection was made , but you were the only one who made it through to Earth . Welcome back , David . Everett . What the hell happened ? That 's gonna take some explaining . To the best of our knowledge , the connection was only viable for a few moments , which is why you were the only one who made it through . So where 'd everyone else go ? The likely answer is they were simply killed in an unstable wormhole . - The other me ? - He died trying to retrieve some valuable hardware from the other Destiny . It was an accident . David ? It 's a lot to process . No . No , I get it . Sort of . ( EXHALES ) Anyway , I 've been around the program long enough to know this stuff happens , but good luck trying to explain it to Senator Michaels . New head of the off-world spending committee ? TELFORD : I 've gotta head back , but she 's coming onboard . She 'll want a post-mortem on this latest fiasco , but what she 's really interested in is Rush 's little signal from God ... I never called it that . TELFORD : Well , that 's what a lot of them are calling it back home . It 's created a bit of a stir . They wanna know if it 's worth spending the money to get another Icarus base up and running . Yeah , even if they do , and they find another planet and make a connection , it 's still only a one-way trip . You , me , and everyone on this ship aren 't going anywhere . Yeah , it 'd be nice to get supplies . I should switch with the Senator , talk to my people , find out how this is all playing with our international partners . All right . We 'll need a male volunteer as well . She 's bringing a scientist with her to confirm Rush 's findings . Oh , well , in that case , I know the perfect candidate . Camile . He 's the only one onboard who hasn 't used the stones to go back . He keeps turning it down . Well , then maybe you should order him to go . He was borderline unstable when we came onboard . If anyone can use some time off ... All right , I will make that happen . This was your idea , wasn 't it ? We don 't have all day , Sergeant . I don 't need RR . Yeah . Yeah , I get it . You 're the perfect soldier . No rest , no weakness , no fear . Now , can we get this over with ? SERGEANT : Identify yourself . What 's going on ? Identify yourself now ! I 'm Camile Wray , this is Master Sergeant Ronald Greer . Authentication code . 1-7-0-0-5-8-6 . What is going on ? This is a scheduled connection . TELFORD : At ease , Sergeant . Sorry about this , Camile . Senator Michaels and Dr. Covel were briefed , but there was no time to warn you . We are at a heightened terrorist threat level . What happened ? Nothing yet , but intel says that the Lucian Alliance is on the verge of launching an attack . Homeworld Command is the target . ♪ Stargate Universe : " Alliances " ♪ Season 2 Episode 13 Does anyone know this guy that they 're sending to check up on us ? Supposedly , he 's the new head of research at Stargate Command . Hovel or Shovel , something like that . RUSH : It 's Covel . Dr. Andrew Covel . We worked together for a short time at Cornell before we were both recruited into the program . YOUNG : Rush , come in . - Yeah , go ahead . - Our guests have arrived . Yeah , I 'm on my way . So , what 's he like ? I didn 't know him that well , actually . But you said you worked with him . Yeah , well , what can I tell you ? He 's the type of man who likes to keep secrets . Yeah , we know the type . Incredible . The design predates any Ancient technology we 've seen in the Milky Way or Pegasus . Well , it 's a pretty big ship . Anywhere in particular you 'd like to start ? I 'd like to start by clearing something up . Given recent events , I would like to know once and for all if we 're closing the book on the feasibility of dialing within a star . YOUNG : I 'm not the man you should be asking . MICHAELS : Your first order of business was supposed to be to get these people home . YOUNG : Presumably without killing them . If I 'm not mistaken , all of our people signed off on it . Numbers were good , but it 's true , conditions inside a star are unpredictable . It 's just unfortunate that the other Destiny was lost before anyone had a chance to go over the logs . We needed those spare parts . There wasn 't a lot of time . MICHAELS : That 's understandable . Unfortunately , it means we have no idea what really happened . YOUNG : You 're assuming the other Rush was lying . My impressions of the man , Colonel , are based entirely on your reports . We 've had our differences , but this time I was prepared to support him , stay behind , as long as we had enough volunteers to keep the mission going . RUSH : Sorry I 'm late . Problems with power distribution , as usual . Dr. Rush , Senator Michaels . I believe you know Dr. Covel . - Andrew . - Nicholas , good to see you . So , what are we talking about ? I was just telling Colonel Young how I would like to see Chloe . I was very good friends with her father , and I 've know her since she was a little girl . Sure . She 's on the bridge . I 'll take you to her . Is that what I think it is ? We 're sweeping the building for radiation . The Alliance has managed to infiltrate a couple of our off-world bases and plant naquadria bombs . All clear , sir . - Thank you . Carry on . - Yes , sir . We have escorts waiting for both of you outside . They 'll take you wherever you need to go . All due respect , sir , with everything going on , I think I 'd like to stay right here . Appreciate the thought , Master Sergeant , but we 've got this . Look , I know these people , Colonel . I 've dealt with them . Unlike some of us , I never trusted them . I 'll keep that under advisement , but for now , you 're dismissed . Yes , sir . Nice . Chloe ? Senator Michaels , is it you ? - Yes . - Oh , my God . - ( LAUGHS ) - Hi , sweetheart . - Look at you . - CHLOE : Wow , welcome to the Destiny . MICHAELS : I can 't believe it . Well , what are you doing ? Oh , I was just going over the ship 's FTL jump logs . We 're trying to improve the accuracy of manual navigation . - Really ? - It 's the new me . What do you think ? Well , I think I 'd like to leave the science and technology to somebody else for a few moments so we can talk , if that 's okay with you ? Go ahead , Chloe . You can finish this later . - Great , come on . I 'll show you around . - All right . Well , I have to say , Nicholas , I 'm impressed . I think I 'm starting to understand the passion you had for this mission even before you found a signal . Congratulations . Yeah . Master Sergeant , wait ! - I 'm off duty , right ? - Yes . Then I don 't have to talk to you . You know , if you go into this assuming it 's a waste of time , it probably will be . Do you have any idea what 's going on here ? We 've known about the Lucian Alliance threat for a long time . And too bad we didn 't do anything about it . I did do something about it . Those prisoners gave us valuable intelligence . Maybe they were just feeding us a line while we gave them food and shelter and put our own people at risk ! - You don 't know what ... - ( ALARM BLARING ) What 's happening ? That 's incoming . ( PEOPLE CLAMORING ) - No , no ... - What are you doing ? - We have to go ... - Let go of me ! Where ? No , we 've got to get out of here ! MICHAELS : I don 't know how you do it . I would have gone crazy in two weeks locked up in a place like this , let alone a whole year . It 's not like we never get outside . We gate to planets all the time . I spoke to your mom the other day . How 's she doing ? She 's holding up , you know , it 's not easy , but she 's holding up . I 'm so sorry , Chloe . We should 've gotten you home long ago . It 's not just me . Look , everyone else on this ship , with the exception of Mr. Wallace , is a member of Stargate Command . Yeah , that doesn 't mean they signed up for this . Maybe not , but it does mean that , sooner or later , they were gonna wind up on some obscure planet , doing God knows what kind of research , that may or may not ever have seen the light of day on Earth . Now , don 't get me wrong , I realize the potential of all of that , but I never once thought that that life was for you . Your father had such plans . Now you 're stuck here . I 'm sorry , it just seems like such a waste . Colonel , you all right ? - Yeah , I think so . What happened ? - We don 't know yet . We 're still getting damage reports . All right , keep moving , let 's go , folks ! ( WRAY COUGHING ) ( GRUNTING ) Oh , God . ( COUGHING ) Greer ! Oh , God . Greer ! Greer ! ( GREER GROANS ) Hey . - You all right ? - What happened ? I don 't know . It sounded like an explosion . Lucian Alliance . Watch your head . You 're bleeding . We got to find out what 's going on . Oh , no . No , I don 't think you should be moving . ( GREER GRUNTING ) - What is it ? - My knee . It 's twisted pretty bad . ( RUMBLING ) Oh , now what ? ( COUGHING ) ( PANTING ) Looks like the explosion , or whatever it was , might have weakened the structure of the building . You still wanna stay here ? Give me a second . ( GRUNTS ) This might hurt a bit . ( GROANS ) Okay . - Is that too tight ? - No , that 's good . Okay . All right . You ready to do this ? Let 's get the hell out of here . I got it . ( STATIC CRACKLING ) Well ? I think I 'm listening to a recording that 's over a million years old , captured with technology I can 't imagine , processed and filtered using algorithms I don 't even understand . - But you can see the structure ? - Yes . I 'm just not quite sure I believe it . Listen , listen . I 'll admit , there 's a lot of impressive data here and if I could transmit it all back to Earth and get 20 of our best people working on this for the next five years , maybe , maybe I could confirm it . I can 't do that . I mean , with the stones , it 's basically word of mouth . I have to make a judgment call here . Do you have any idea what kind of a position that puts me in ? I know that you were offered Icarus before they gave it to me , and I know you turned it down . You couldn 't see the potential . I thought it was a bunch of mythological mumbo-jumbo about the gods and ultimate understanding . Yeah , well , this proves you wrong . We are talking about evidence of an intelligence - present at the beginning of time . - Yeah . Now , you can deny it all you like , they 're gonna call it proof of the existence of God , and for every politician that tries to take that and bend it for his own ends , there 's gonna be just as many , maybe more , who try to bury it , Nick . They 'll try to bury it , and you along with it ... So , what are you saying , Andrew ? What are you trying to tell me ? You don 't want to pick a side because you 're not sure which one 's gonna win ? Same old Nick . You never make things easy , do you ? Got it . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( SOFT COUGHING ) You hear that ? There . Hello ? ( MAN MOANING ) You all right ? Yeah . I think so . I 've gotta get out of this place . Yeah , don 't worry , we 'll get you out of here . ( RADIO CRACKLES ) Radio . Radio . It 's coming from somewhere back there . I don 't have time for this . - I gotta get out of here now . - Maintain , Airman . - We 're doing the best we can . - WRAY : We 've got another one . He 's dead . See if he has a gun . What do you need a gun for ? We 're still trying to figure out what happened . We need to be prepared for whatever . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( PEOPLE CLAMORING ) ( OVER RADIO ) This is Camile Wray in Homeworld Command . Can anybody read this ? Camile , is that you ? David ? Yes . I 'm here with Greer and another survivor , Airman Evans . What happened ? There 's been an attack . A cloaked Alliance cargo ship was detected on approach . It crashed into the building on the inner north side . But that 's near the comm lab . If the stones were hit , we shouldn 't be here . That 's affirmative . They must still be connected . Sergeant , get on that . Look , Camile , I 've been talking with our intelligence people . They all agree . There 's no way a lone cargo ship would try an attack on Homeworld Command without packing a little something extra . Like what , exactly ? We think there might be a bomb onboard , as yet unexploded . You have to get the hell out of there . - ( LAUGHING ) Stop it , will you ? - No , no , it 's true . Look , I 'm telling you . And in here , we have our infirmary . Hey , Colonel . Lieutenant Johansen , this is Senator Michaels . We 're giving her the tour . She 's here to ... I 'm here to assess the potential and long-term viability of this mission . And this is Varro , one of our remaining Alliance guests . Yes , I know . He 's been helping me out volunteering down here . He 's actually got a pretty good understanding of first aid . Just trying to keep myself useful . Well , if you don 't mind , I have a few things I would like to discuss with the Lieutenant . Of course . Look , I know you 've been under a lot of pressure , trying to keep all these people alive in some pretty difficult circumstances . Well , it hasn 't been easy , but things have been looking up since we got our hands on the full Ancient database . There 's some advanced medical knowledge , and I 'm starting to get a better understanding of how some of their equipment works . Well , it must be a lot to digest , especially for someone with only a medic 's training . No offense . None taken . Look , if you 're trying to say we 'd be better off with a real doctor onboard , you 're right . I just don 't think you 're gonna get a whole lot of eager volunteers . Really ? Why 's that ? Knowing that there 's a chance that they 'll never go home . WRAY : Oh , man . GREER : This doesn 't look good . Are you sure this is the way out ? Well , it 's the way to what was the nearest exit . David , this is Camile . Go ahead . Looks like our nearest way out is blocked . How 's it coming with that bomb disposal unit ? So far , not so good . There 's a lot of debris , they can 't dig through it . We 've got heavier equipment on the way , but by the time they get here ... I don 't know . What kind of bomb are we talking about ? Intelligence suggests it 's a weapons-grade naquadria device with a probable yield of 50 to 70 megatons . We 've already started evacuations . All right , well , if you can 't get in , and we can 't get out , then maybe the best plan is for us to go for the bomb . What ? You said impact was on the inner north side , near the comm lab ? We shouldn 't be too far . You don 't know anything about defusing bombs ! You can talk us through it . No , I cannot allow you to volunteer for something like this . You 're not even in your own bodies ! If that bomb goes off , these bodies will die along with everyone else , and if we 're still connected , it 'll kill us too . It 's not much of a choice . Eli Wallace . Yeah ? Nick 's famous young protege . A pleasure to finally meet you . - I 'm Dr. Andrew Covel . - Right . Nice to meet you . People back at Stargate Command call you the Boy Wonder . ( LAUGHS ) Does that make Rush my Batman ? Guess not . - Adam Brody . - Dale Volker . We work here too . Good . Maybe you can help me . What can we do for you ? Well , I just wanna know what you think . About ? Everything . This ship , your role in it . Nick 's little discovery . ( GREER GRUNTS ) - Are you all right ? - GREER : Yeah , I 'm okay . Maybe we should rest for a minute . I can hardly breathe . It 's the dust . It 's in your lungs already . We don 't stop . We keep going . Greer , Greer , can you just this once not pretend to be invincible ? Can you just this once stop talking ? - What is your problem ? - You really wanna know ? - Yeah , I really wanna know . - We 're really going to do this now ? My problem is people like you . People who talk and talk , and meanwhile , nothing gets done ! No , no , that 's not it . So now you 're gonna tell me something about me ? - I know you . - You know a file in a desk ! You don 't know anything . - You 're afraid of me ! - Do you hear something ? You 're afraid of what I do because I help people with their problems , but I can 't do it unless they admit that they have problems in the first place , and that 's just somewhere you won 't go ! You need to just think you make a difference , - instead of just taking up space ... - Shut up for a minute . You 're afraid that if you look inside yourself for even one second , you might find out that you 're not invincible , that you 're just as scared and vulnerable as the rest of us ... I said shut up ! ( GEIGER COUNTER CLICKING ) I can hear something . It 's coming from over here . What is it ? It 's the Geiger counter . The tech who was sweeping the building . There he is . Hey ! Can you hear us ? We 're gonna get you out . Oh , God ! ( GASPS IN HORROR ) You 're okay . You 're okay . It 's okay . Just breathe . ( GRUNTS ) That doesn 't sound good . I don 't know . I can 't read this thing . Here , give it to me . ( COUGHING ) This area is flooded with radiation . It could be from the crashed ship , or from the bomb itself , but these are deadly levels . What you 're saying is if we stay here much longer , we could die . No . I 'm saying we 're dead already . So , what 's the verdict ? Well , I 've hardly completed my assessment , but I do have some concerns . Such as ? Well , you know how long it took to get the first Icarus base up and running . Even if I were to get presidential approval tomorrow , and we were to find a planet immediately , it 'd still take another six months before we 're ready to do a dial-out . And ? To be perfectly blunt , we 're not sure you 're gonna survive that long . And more importantly , we 're not sure Destiny 's gonna survive . Well , we 've managed to hold it together so far . What , are you kidding me ? You 're the problem here . Since you and your people came onboard , you 've brought this ship to the brink of destruction repeatedly . It 's a wonder this thing 's flying at all . Colonel , this is Brody . We 're about to drop out of FTL . That 's understood . Heads up . The connection 's going to be interrupted for a few seconds . These bodies . We did this to them . There was no way to know . It was the right call . If we leave now , get out as fast as we can , we might still be okay . I 'm sorry , Airman , I really am , but we 've already had lethal exposure . You can 't know that ! You 're not a scientist ! Maybe not , but I 've worked with enough of them to pick up a few things . What the hell 's going on ? What is this ? What 's happening ? Let me see that . In your hand . - Colonel . - We just dropped out . There 's been an attack . Lucian Alliance . There 's a bomb , naquadria , radiation leaking . We 're trying to get to it , but ... Senator ? Oh , my God . Homeworld Command . - What happened ? - The connection was interrupted . You think they got the gist of what I was trying to say ? If he didn 't , the other two can fill them in . They 've seen it for themselves now . ( EX CLAIMS ) Evans , what the hell ? Put the gun down . Put it down now or I 'll kill her ! Are we sure this is a good idea ? I mean , your people are already on the ground . They know the situation . We could just make things worse . We won 't wipe the stones . We 'll just disconnect long enough to get a full report . Then we will bring you back and let you know what 's happening . Go ahead . Nothing happened . Shut the device off . We 're still here . - Airman , what the hell are you doing ? - I 'm not gonna die in here ! We 're gonna turn around and find another way out ! You 're freaking out . I understand , but this isn 't gonna help . Shoot him . Even if he kills me , you can still get to the bomb . - Camile . - It 's an act ! If you give him the gun , he 'll kill us both . He 's Lucian Alliance . ( GRUNTS ) You 're sure he was one of them ? There was something wrong about him from the start , and he knew I wasn 't a scientist , but I never told him that . All he knew was my name . Telford gave them files on all of us . Clan tattoo . He was probably the pilot . Think there 's any more like him around here ? No , I doubt it . I mean , my guess is that the plan was to land the ship cloaked on the roof or somewhere nearby , and then just walk away . Nice catch . The radiation 's spiking . I think we 're getting close . Can we make it through ? Yeah , I think we can make it through here . We 'll have to crawl , though . Sorry . No , don 't worry about me . Right . YOUNG : Well ? It 's interesting . This shouldn 't be happening . - What do you mean ? - The stones work in pairs , they 're linked . In order for a connection to be shut off , the command has to be received at both ends . We 've seen radiation cut the signal off before . Yes , but in this case , the transfer 's still in place , which means the signal must be getting through . The radiation must only be affecting command protocols , nothing else . There may be a way to boost that specific portion of the signal , or alter it in order to get it past the interference . I 've done a fair amount of research in this technology . I can help . Colonel . Varro would like to speak with you . Tamara told me what happened . I realize I 'm probably the last person you wanna talk to right now , but I think I can help . How ? I can tell you how to defuse that bomb . I see the hull of the ship . We 're almost there . ( GRUNTING ) ( GREER COUGHING ) Here , watch your head . Is that it ? ( GEIGER COUNTER CLICKING FAST ) Yeah . It 's the source of the radiation . David , this is Camile . I think we found our bomb . David , come in ? This is Camile Wray . Is anybody reading this ? Too much interference . So much for plan A. We 're gonna have to do this on our own . The Alliance uses a pretty simple design for its naquadria bombs . The tricky part is , it 'll be protected by a hologram shell , so whoever disarms it will have to do so by feel . The trigger wire is a slightly thinner gauge , probably threaded . It 's the only way to distinguish it . How do we know any of what you 're saying is true ? I 've worked with these devices before . That 's not what I meant . I didn 't know about the attack , Colonel . If I did , I would have warned you . - Sir , I think he 's telling the truth . - Oh , I know you do . Well , it won 't matter anyway if Rush can 't get those stones to disconnect . Maybe not . If it really is this simple , maybe it 's something that can be explained quickly , like , say , in a few seconds ? An FTL jump . We deliberately interrupt the connection . We can 't do that . We just dropped out . We jump this soon , we 're gonna damage the engines . Catastrophic , or is it something we can live with ? Something we can live with , I think , but it would be a one-shot deal . Once we 're back in FTL , if we force an early drop , we 're gonna blow the engines completely . We 're talking about 10 , maybe 12 seconds at the most . What do you think , enough time ? Yeah , I think I can get the message across . WRAY : It must be on a timer . The pilot probably wanted to give himself a chance to get to a safe distance . How long ? No way to know for sure , but it 's been a while since the crash . - So it could go off any second . - Yeah . It 's possible that it was damaged , and it 's not gonna go off at all . Or it could go off any second . I 'm gonna try something . I think it 's some kind of hologram . The bomb 's underneath . I can feel it . We 're gonna have to do this blind . ( SCOFFS ) Do what , exactly ? I haven 't quite figured that part out yet . CHLOE : Senator , there you are . We need you . We 're going to try and force an FTL jump . Yes , I know , based on the word of some Alliance soldier . Look , I 'm not sure we have a lot of choice . I shouldn 't even be here . You know , I had people on my own committee telling me this was a waste of time , that our only priority should be the Alliance threat , and I didn 't listen to them . Look , I know you 're worried about people back home . I am too , but you 're wrong about Destiny . You know , the other Rush said that in his timeline I was one of the people who volunteered to stay . And you really think you would have done that ? My father died so that we could all go on . I have to believe that it was for a reason . I feel like I 'm part of something here . Something important . Okay , there 's a large cylindrical piece , and some kind of gasket on the end . ( SIGHING ) Oh . And there 's a lot of wires . I don 't know ! I mean , I could start pulling at things randomly , but ... Listen . Outer shell is holographic . Inside crown is panel , remove with pin . The trigger wire is slightly thinner , threaded , coarse . Don 't pull the wire , it will detonate . Pop the linchpin by applying pressure to the base , and ... A pin . A pin , we need a pin . I got one . What happened ? Did they understand it ? I don 't know . Colonel Young , this is Rush in the communications lab . There 's something you need to see . I 'm on my way . I got it . Now , the trigger wire is threaded . Find it , but don 't pull . Yeah , I know , it will blow up . Okay . Okay , now what ? You didn 't hear ? No , I missed the last part . I was hoping that you ... Oh , God . So , what are we looking at ? Well , this is the enhanced command signal . It 's now embedded within the frequencies of the mind transfer itself . Wait , are you saying you can shut down the connection ? Oh , yeah . And I would have done a lot earlier if Dr. Covel hadn 't been sabotaging our efforts . - What ? - He altered one of the key algorithms . I checked . Okay , I did it . You have to understand that when we went back , and I saw that Geiger counter ? The radiation levels , they 're not survivable . - What are you saying ? - Our bodies , they 're as good as dead , and I just panicked , and I needed some time to think . You know what happens when someone dies at the end of a connection . No , no , no , because Dr. Perry was in a weakened condition . It is possible that a healthy person could have survived . So , wait a minute , what did you do ? You decided to help yourself to this new body ? Is that what you did ? Why do they get to live and we don 't ? They put us in this position ! It was easy for them to take a risk , because they weren 't going to have to suffer the consequences ! Colonel ... Colonel Young , could you get Varro down here ? He can go over the instructions again , and you can send us back . I 'm not going . You don 't have a choice . We should try again . Okay , we know which wire is the trigger . He said not to pull it . So we find another way to release it . Yeah , and if we 're wrong , this bomb blows up ! It 's gonna blow up anyway , right ? So what do we have to lose ? But what about all the people out there , the people that we have to assume are being evacuated from this area ? Every second gives more of them a chance to get as far away from here as possible . You 're right . So we just wait for it to happen . You know , I 'm sorry we never got along better , Ronald . It 's just we see things differently . I mean , you like to take action , and I like to talk things through . Well , we 're here now , and we 're not going anywhere , so let 's talk . I can 't think of anything else to say . ( LAUGHING ) I 'm sorry ... Remember , don 't pull the wire . Oh , I 've got it . You 're sure ? You 're ready for this ? Just one more thing , Colonel . Could you tell Chloe that I 'm proud of her ? Of course . Have you heard anything ? Not yet . We 've been back for hours . I know . We 're gonna keep someone on the stones 24 / 7 until we get a connection . If we get a connection . I heard you have a friend who lives in DC . Sharon . She 's more than a friend , actually . I wish I could talk to her one more time , you know ? Tell her how much she means to me . Yeah . I 've been thinking about my mom . You know , things haven 't really been that good between us . She never really wanted me to join the military . Last time I saw her , I didn 't really say everything that I wanted to say . She 's your mother , Ron . She knows . Anyway , I 'm sure this will all get resolved , and you can go and tell her yourself soon enough . Right . Soon enough .
