 RUSH : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . ELI : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . YOUNG : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . YOUNG : There is no mission other than getting these people home . RUSH : It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . I 've just been going over the shuttle 's navigational data trying to figure out the path you took back to Destiny . It seems you were there , and then you were here . Nothing in between . Every square inch of this thing is in perfect factory condition . ELI : There 's hundreds of these things ! There 's no way we 're going to be able to shoot them all down ! YOUNG : How 's that damage report coming ? RUSH : I 'll arrange a briefing when we 're ready , but it 's not going to be pretty . CHLOE : I 'm supposed to be back to normal . RUSH : You managed to retain some of the knowledge you gained . I should think that 's a good thing . Because I can still be useful . Everyone on this ship is useful . We all belong here . All right , somebody say something . How bad is it ? BRODY : It isn 't any one thing , it 's the accumulation . This ship just wasn 't up to fighting a battle like that . A big chunk of the life support is still down , too . Well , you can repair it , right ? BRODY : With what ? Even if we knew how , we don 't have the spare parts . I mean , I 'm talking about things that are broken and burnt out , that I don 't even know what they do . Now , if life support was our only problem we might be able to figure something out . But there are dozens of systems on the brink of failure . Weapons , shields ... PARK : Well , they 're operating . And at mission critical levels ? We are down to one last everything . There 's practically no redundancy . " Practically no redundancy . " - Wasn 't funny the first three times ! - Well , I 'm very tired . Okay , we know what the problems are . What are the solutions ? Well , what I think we 're trying to say ... We make do as best we can and carry on with the mission . Well , it doesn 't sound like that 's what they were trying to say . You 're talking like we have a choice here . - Actually ... - Eli , please ... Ginn and I figured out how to dial the ninth chevron back to Earth while Destiny recharges in a star . - Without blowing up the ship , you mean ? - Yeah . - No . - Here we go . Look , Eli 's solution however brilliant , fails to consider the thousand things that could go wrong when attempting to open a wormhole in a star . I can show you the simulation . More to the point , it could cause the same kind of overload that happened on Icarus . Well , who cares if we 're not even going to be here ? RUSH : Well , I do , Lieutenant . Along with anyone else who cares to remain aboard this ship . Rush , come on , man . Nobody in their right mind would stay . You said you understood how important this mission was . - I did . - So what 's changed ? Nicholas , you know what 's changed . Look , I was all aboard with this , you know that , but if the ship can 't fly , there is no mission . It 's not like we 're just giving up here . Well , that 's exactly what we 're doing . Well , fortunately for the people on this ship , the decision is not yours to make . Well , thankfully it 's not your bloody decision either ... - Rush ! - We can get through this ! They are just being defeatist ! YOUNG : My first responsibility is the safety of these people . I 'm sorry . Yeah , right . - Oh , whoa . - Stand aside , Sergeant . - I can 't do that . Colonel 's orders . - Since when ? Just now . Did he say why ? I didn 't ask . Okay , could you tell me where else I 've been banned from ? Save me wasting my time . Pretty much any place that you can push buttons . Ah . And I 've got people where all the buttons are . Destiny 's course is taking us toward a star roughly 18 hours ahead , we assume to recharge . We should be ready . Oh , we 've been ready for a long time . I 'm ready , and I just got here . I can only imagine what it 's like for you . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Hi . We 've been expecting you . Well , it seems you can predict my every move . Well , I had to make sure you didn 't lock us out of the dialing programs . The thought never crossed my mind . I see the elders have gathered . You should know Eli is using the stones right now to run his calculations by the best people on Earth . They 'll tell him what I told him . The work is brilliant , but what works on paper does not necessarily work within a star . Well , Eli said that he 's taken that into consideration . Eli is not an astrophysicist . Inside a star there are magnetic fields , enormous pressures , solar flares , conditions that make events unpredictable by any mathematics . Now , will Eli 's connection to Earth work ? Possibly . But what happens the moment that wormhole has been established is anybody 's guess . It could blow a hole in the fabric of space-time . He 's out of his freaking mind , you know that ? All right . So , what are you asking us to do ? Let me talk to the crew . At least some of them understand how important it is to remain on this ship . Nobody is going to agree to that ! You say you have no choice but to leave . I have no choice but to stay . We 're going to brief everyone in the Gate Room the minute we come out of FTL . You can address them then . It would carry far more weight if you were standing alongside me . I can do that . Thank you . You 're not serious . Oh , I think he is . BRODY : We 've run the simulation a dozen times . It works . So , the gamer came up with power flow algorithm ? Eli , yeah . I gotta say , you know , when we tried to solve this back on Earth , there were a lot of smart people in that room . Yeah , well , don 't tell him I said this , but he 's arguably the smartest person I 've ever met ... You all right ? - I 'm fine . I 'm back . - What did they say ? The math works , so we 're on . Who was the smartest person you were just talking about ? Einstein . Einstein ? Yeah , he was ... He was pretty smart . But don 't ever tell him you said that ? All right , come on , let 's go tell the Colonel the news . - Hey , T.J. , can you give us a minute ? - Yeah . Can you keep this ship flying ? Yeah , with help . Then I need to know an absolute minimum number of personnel you need to do it . Well , as many as possible , obviously . I need a number . I 'll say a dozen . Plus you and me ? No , including us . So , 10 . Yeah , look , I 've written down most of what I intend to say . If you 've got anything you might want to add ... TELFORD ON RADIO : Everett , is Rush in the Gate Room with you ? Yeah , what is it ? I need both of you on the bridge . We don 't have time for this just now . David , we were just gonna talk to the crew . Can it wait ? Negative ! Get up here . Trust me . We have time . Yeah . Time they might need to decide . Just keep everyone here . We 'll be right back . Uh , sure . What is it ? VOLKER : It was in orbit around the star . Destiny picked it up when it turned towards us , and then we got the radio broadcast . From who ? You . I don 't understand . Neither do we . Wait for it . Wait for what ? RUSH 'S VOICE : I repeat , this is Dr. Nicholas Rush calling the Destiny . I 'm aboard the shuttle headed your way . Please respond . Well , isn 't this an interesting turn of events ? What is this ? Well , I wouldn 't know , Colonel . How about you tell me ? Well , it 's not a recording , if that 's what you 're thinking . It 's a subspace broadcast , and beyond the fact that it sounds exactly like Rush , I can tell that that 's our shuttle , and it 's on an intercept course . TELFORD : Even though according to this , the shuttle is still docked with Destiny . Again , this is Dr. Rush . I need assistance with the docking procedure . I know you can hear me . Have we responded yet ? No , not yet . Well , best not to keep me waiting . Hello , this is also Dr. Nicholas Rush . How can we be of assistance ? RUSH 'S VOICE : Tell them not to try and dial Earth . It won 't work . If they go through with it , they 're all going to die . This is Colonel Young . Dr. Rush is sitting right next to me . Yes , obviously . We 've just spoken . The only reasonable explanation is that somehow I 've come back through time . Reasonable explanation ? I couldn 't be sure until I seen you dropping out of FTL , which happened roughly 12 hours ago in my timeline . YOUNG : And we 're supposed to just take your word for this ? Shortly after we dropped out of FTL , Colonel , you asked me for a number . I told you 10 , plus two . Twelve ? That 's well calculated , Mr. Volker , but I think you 're missing the point here . Is that true ? Did you just have that conversation ? Yeah . Yeah , we did . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) It 's weird . I was completely stoked about this mission . Yeah , we all were . All of a sudden I can 't wait to see my kid . Wow . Gosh , and I thought the hardest thing was going to be introducing you to my mom . Okay , that makes me more nervous than going through the dang gate . Hey , when we get back , we 're all still gonna hang out , right ? - Yeah , of course we will . - We will have a reunion every year . I was thinking more along the lines of Fridays . Depends on whether you 're stationed Earth-side . I can guarantee you that Earth will be my station . But you 're joining Stargate Command . ( CHUCKLING ) Like they 're gonna ask me . They 'll ask you , Eli . You 'll be right up there with the other SGC brainiacs , like Dr. Jackson and Colonel Carter , and , uh , what was that guy 's name who kept staring at your ... Ugh , McKay . Yeah , McKay . They 'll ask you right when we get back . YOUNG : Lieutenant Scott , come in . Yes , sir , is there a problem ? Yeah . Join up with Greer , head to Shuttle Bay 2 . Open it . ( DOOR UNLOCKING ) SCOTT : Easy ! Don 't listen to him ! He 's gonna try and kill you all ! What in the hell ? T.J. , this is Young . Yes , sir , the gang 's all here . Yeah , they 're going to have to wait . We need you in the infirmary . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) - How did you get the burn ? - There was an overload . I couldn 't stop it . Explosions all over the ship one after another . The air became so toxic , I had no choice but to abandon . And at which point , you somehow went back 12 hours in time ? No , no , no , that would have to happen inside the star . The ship itself must have passed very near a solar flare , in the exact moment we locked the ninth chevron address . A temporal event , like we 've seen , cause time travel through wormholes . It somehow affected the entire ship . One of those unpredictable things I remember warning you about . What are you smiling at ? Well , you should know . What , fascinating , is it ? Well , you wouldn 't think so if you 'd been through what I 've been through . Well , I won 't have to now , will I ? Look , we can still do this if we could just learn from your mistakes . My mistakes ? The only mistake was trying it in the first place ! No , no , wait a second , she 's right . Just because it went wrong the first time round ... Wait , isn 't it the same time again ? No , not entirely . We 'd end up with two of us staying behind next time . If we kept going long enough , we 'd soon have an entire crew . We still have an hour before we run Eli 's program . Tell us what happened . Up to the point you received my radio signal , you know what happened . I need a number . I 'll say a dozen . Plus you and me ? No , including us . So , 10 . Yeah , look , I 've written down most of what I intend to say . If you 've got anything you might want to add ... So , I 'll speak when you 're done . But just so we 're clear , if we don 't get the 10 volunteers ... We will . Okay . You were true to your word , Colonel . You stood alongside me . Ladies and gentlemen , if I could have your attention , please ? Dr. Rush would like to say a few words . My friends ... ( MAN CLEARS THROAT ) Well , yes , perhaps that 's an overstatement , but we are at least shipmates , who have , up until now , shared great adversity . I know a lot of you , probably most of you , also share the hope of going home . It is a fact that the conditions inside a star bode very poorly for the sustained viability of a wormhole , and I owe it to you all to tell you that . Stop trying to scare people and get on with this . The Ancients did not devote the efforts of an entire generation to build this ship on a whim . Neither was Destiny named on a whim . Over a million years ago , the Ancients discovered a complex structure buried deep within the background radiation , the fingerprints of an intelligence that existed very near the beginning of time itself . Destiny was launched in search of that intelligence . Who knows how close we are to finding it ? How close we are to learning , in the Ancients ' words , " The destiny of all things . " I don 't pretend to know when that 's going to be , in which stars it will happen , or even how that will change our view of the universe . I only know that Destiny has come this far , and if we abandon her now , there 'll be no coming back . All of that knowledge will be lost forever . I believe this journey is the reason I 'm here , but I can 't hope to do it alone . I ask you to come with me . Now , I believe that those of you who want to go home deserve that chance . But I joined Stargate Command for a reason , so I , too , am willing to stay aboard . What we are looking for are 10 volunteers , so I am asking , those of you who want to be here , please step forward . TELFORD : All right , listen to me ! You 've already accomplished the damn mission ! Our goal was to investigate the ninth chevron address , and you 've done that . Now , I do not deny that there once was a mission , but if it was as important as Rush claims it to be , they sure as hell couldn 't expect us to do it . There is no noble voyage to save the universe or to meet God , or whatever it is that Rush has sold you on ! There is only the day that this ship dies ! David , we don 't know that . I 've got a good mind to try to take you all back by force . Good luck with that . Those of you still taking part in the evacuation are going to form two lines . Everything we carry with us becomes a projectile in a nine-chevron transit , so we are going home with the clothes on our backs , nothing more . Eli has warned them to expect us , but it seems that a radio signal does not reach across a nine chevron connection , so I 'll go first to warn them that we 're on our way . You will follow in three-second intervals , two at a time . Eli , are we ready ? Yeah , the program 's all set . You 're good to go . Fifteen minutes , people , and we go home ! And 15 minutes after that , you were dead . If all those people stayed aboard , why were you the only survivor ? I told you , there was an overload . It doesn 't matter . We have a second chance now . You just need to tell us what went wrong , what can we do differently . Eli 's program is based on precise timing in the recharging process . A time which is fast approaching . All right , so you dialed the ninth chevron and ... And it worked . We made the connection . Chevron nine is locked ! Wait three seconds , then follow me ! ( DEVICE BLEEPING ) - No , no , wait , wait ! - YOUNG : Stop ! ( ALL MUTTERING ) - What is it ? - The wormhole 's unstable . See for yourself . - Well , shut it down . - I can 't . One of the mains blew out , my program can 't compensate . We 'll have to configure the power levels on the fly . Yes , Eli , that 's what I 'm doing . I 've almost got it . YOUNG : Everybody , stand by ! ( BLEEPING ) That 's as stable as we 're gonna get . Okay , go , go , go ! ( ALL CLAMORING ) ( RUMBLING ) ( ALARM BEEPING ) It 's beginning to overload ! Well , we were supposed to be gone by now ! We can 't stay ahead of this ! We 're losing her ! That 's it , everyone , we 're going through ! Let 's go ! All right , you heard him . Let 's go ! Come on ! Eli , there 's nothing more you can do . Eli , get the hell out of here ! - Rush ... - I can 't maintain a stable connection , and argue with you at the same time . Now , please go . Go ! I don 't really know how long I stayed there . It felt like hours . I kept waiting for the end to come , but Destiny fought to stay alive . How are you sure that we ... They all didn 't make it ? ( SCOFFS ) I didn 't say they all didn 't make it . ( EXPLODING ) I 'm Dr. Rush . How many of them made it through ? I 'm sorry , sir . Only one , hours ago . He 's been waiting to switch with someone to see why the others didn 't follow . ( ALARMS BLARING ) The connection was made , but you were the only one who made it through to Earth . ( ALL CHATTERING ) We were told we 'd be leaving for Earth by now . What 's happening ? Some funky , funky stuff , man . YOUNG ON RADIO : Lieutenant Scott , come in . Sir , you are cutting it awful close here . Stand down , Lieutenant , we 've decided not to go ahead . - You 've got to be kidding me . - SCOTT : Sir ? We have reason to believe the evacuees will not make it through alive . Send everyone to their quarters . Understood . - You made the right decision . - Yeah , about bloody time . I want to use the stones to confirm his story . Well , we 've never used the stones inside a star , and I don 't think now is the time to start it , but I 'll tell you what , you can go talk to yourself once we 're safely on the other side . ( SCOFFS ) Safely . I think now we all need to be on the bridge . Oh , well , at least I 'll have someone to engage in a decent conversation . There it is . YOUNG : Well , I think that 's confirmation , don 't you ? We 're altering course and accelerating . But we 're close enough to get a decent look at her . There but for the grace of God , huh ? It 's my fault . Everybody on that ship died because of me . Yeah , well , the only reason we 're even in this situation is because you were all trying to save me . Do you guys see what I see ? What ? The damage is confined mostly to the engineering spaces . The main living compartments look intact . So ? I 've got an idea . Out of the way , out of the way ! Move , move , move ! You just said it was falling back toward the star . - That was me , actually . - Okay ... I 'm telling you , we need to get over to that ship . It might be worth the risk if we can salvage ammunition , food , supplies ... No , no , that 's not what he 's talking about ... - Well , what is it , then ? - Spare parts . I had the same idea . I ran the whole way , too , so ... ( PANTING ) Hmm . How much time do we have before we 're out of range ? Well , we can 't take a shuttle , the other ship is too close to the star , and Destiny is accelerating away . We can arrange a short FTL jump , use the stargate . It 's the same gate . Can it dial itself ? I don 't see why not . Destiny 's address isn 't based on a fixed point in space . We 'll have to input the distance calculation , but you guys should be able to work that out , right ? Yeah , between me , Eli , and me . All right , well , let 's , uh , let 's start putting together a list . Yeah . I 'd like to lead the team over there . I should go as well . I 'm the only one who knows which systems were affected by the overload . Listen , Rush , I don 't even know if that 's what I should call you . Well , it is my name . Fine . What I 'm trying to say is that you 've been through hell and back . You don 't got to do this . The man wants to help , Everett , let him help . We 're gonna need all hands for this . Okay . These are priority number one ! We want as many as we can get our hands on . This one 's burnt out . This one 's good . Now , they 're in every console , power relay , and pretty much every piece of equipment aboard the ship . Open ' em up , pull ' em out and move on . What do you call those things ? I don 't know ... " Things that make it go . " We should find concentrations of working parts in the bridge , control interface and neural interface rooms . Number two , these things , and don 't ask me what they 're called . I 'm not even sure how they work . We also have to get our hands on the other repair robot , and shield emitter relays . We 'll get everything on the list . If there 's still time , we 'll move on to our secondary objectives . Yeah , how much time do we have ? We 'll assess that once we 're aboard . The conditions will be difficult and they will be dangerous , but make no mistake , we need to salvage these things if we are going to survive . Dial the gate . Everyone step back . ( DIALING GATE ) Send the Kino . It 's getting hot already , but the air is still breathable . I 'd call it a green light . Let 's move . ( ALARM BLARING IN DISTANCE ) Form into your teams and standby . Okay , I 'm reading power and life support in both the bridge and Control Interface Room . Forty minutes till the shield fails . TELFORD : Then that 's the time we have . Lieutenant , that means your team heads straight to the armory . Got it . You know your assignments , let 's go ! This is Telford . We are proceeding . 40 minutes on the clock . Okay , let 's go . - David , be careful . - Will do . Someone should report to Homeworld Command , explain what 's been going on . Well , you go ahead , and when you 're back , you can explain it to me . They must think we 're all dead . - It didn 't happen . - Yeah , it did . Not to us , Eli . You can say anything you like . Tell me to take one timeline at a time , but if Rush wasn 't sent back by a freak of physics , we 'd all be dead by now . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( ALARM BEEPING ) VOLKER : I 'll start here . SCOTT : Let 's make this quick . Spread out . VOLKER : Over here , guys . Want to try to get that alarm off ? ( EXPLODING ) JOHANSEN : Start at the back ! Guess we 're not going in there . So , this must be pretty weird for you two , huh ? Yes . Half the ones I 'm pulling are burnt out from the overload . I 'll take what we can get . Go get your CO2 nodes . We need to breathe , too . VOLKER : Penhall , you 're with me . That 's half time , start packing it up ! Get back to the stargate , quickly as you can . Go ! - Gettin ' hot , huh ? - Yeah , but it 's a dry heat . ( RUMBLING ) All right , that 's it , we 're out of here . Move . Get back to the Gate Room . Double time ! - How we doing ? - We eat tonight . - Excellent . Get out of here . - Pack it up . Come on , let 's go . All right , that 's it , let 's go ! What do you think ? I think it 's not on our list . It could double the amount of weapons we could bring online . Do we even have time for this ? Colonel , we 've come across a piece of equipment that could significantly increase our weapons capability , but we 're up against the clock . TELFORD : For that , we should risk it ! For once , he agrees with me . Okay , I 'll go and I 'll bring back the proper tools . Be careful not to touch the damaged one . About 1000 volts running through that . Do you think I might know that ? Didn 't mean to sneak up on you . This is it ? Yeah . The others took the parts we had back to the Gate Room . My younger self is coming back to help , but I don 't want to wait for him . You don 't trust him either , huh ? So what went wrong ? ( SIGHS ) What are you talking about ? Not that I think you would kill them all deliberately . I tried to save them ! You don 't think I buy that story ? Rush valiantly keeping the gate open while the ship explodes all around him ? I don 't care what you think . It wouldn 't be the first time you sabotaged the ship to make an ass out of me , would it ? The last time we tried to dial Earth from inside a star comes to mind , among others . - So , what went wrong ? - The wormhole was unstable ! I 'm talking about what really happened . Their blood is on your hands , not mine . They would all have made it home , but you did something ! I was trying to buy them some time ! Oh , and there 's not a single person left alive to confirm that ... Get your hands off of me ! You 're the coward ! You 're the one who didn 't believe in the mission ! You 're the one that killed them ! ( SIZZLING ) Oh , no . Oh , no . SCOTT : All right , right over here ! Hey , Rush , where 's your other , uh ... He 's found something for the weapons systems . - There 's no time ! - We still have time . - I 'm just going back to help . - All right , I 'll go with you ! Dial the gate and keep it open for us . T.J. , get these people out of here . Don 't stay too long ! All right , everybody , move out , we 're going to dial the gate ! They 're dialing back . Good . That was fast . I wasn 't finished reporting , but when Colonel Telford found out that we were still here , he insisted that he be allowed to use the stones to switch with someone , preferably himself . That 's weird . Yeah , well , that can wait . At least they know we 're alive . ( EXPLOSION ) Oh , no . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Lieutenant Scott , where the hell are you ? SCOTT : Going after something that 's supposed to double the weapons capability , sir . Negative . You don 't have time for that . I need you to locate Colonel Telford . He 's not answering his radio . Roger that , sir , we 're comin ' right around ... Scott , say again ? You were cut off . We found the Colonel , sir . He 's dead . YOUNG : Where 's Rush ? He 's right beside me . I don 't know where the other one is . I do . Hey , hey , Rush ! Sir , Rush just ran off on me . - Let him go . - Sir ! You only have a few minutes before the shield fails . Let him go , that is an order , Lieutenant . It was an accident . I believe you , but they won 't . No . Tell me , when you , uh , dialed Earth , what really happened ? I told you what happened . And so now you 're trying to decide whether or not to sit in that chair . Well , wouldn 't you , in my place ? I 'm not sure if even the knowledge of the Ancients can help you now . Well , I really don 't have anything to lose at this point . Imagine what I could learn . Well , you won 't have much time . Well , time 's relative . We 've just proved that , haven 't we ? So , what are you waiting for ? I need your help . Thank you . Goodbye . ( EXPLOSION ) Come on , come on , come on ! You 're welcome . ( PANTING ) I 'm okay , I 'm okay . Nicholas . Yeah ? Where 's the other Rush ? - I don 't know . - You told Scott you knew where he went . I was wrong . I went looking for him , couldn 't find him . Maybe he decided to go down with his ship . That doesn 't sound like me . Still , you must , uh ... You must be pleased about one thing . What 's that ? Well , we can fix the ship , get on with the mission . Yeah , of course . Get on with the mission .
