 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , the ship came here for a reason . This ship is powered by the stars themselves . He and young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . We just pretend nothing happened . We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . - I want to see the alien ship . - Were you just trying to distract me ? So that I wouldn 't notice what Rush was doing ? I knew it was coming , but I didn 't know when . Navigation , propulsion and many others have been locked out by a master code , which we have had no luck in breaking . This ancient device is pretty much a death sentence . I 'm not stopping you , Rush . Go , sit , be my guest . Have you seen my glasses ? Bread box . You 're up early . - Am I ? - I thought you 'd sleep in . I 've got things to do . 4 : 00 ? What ? Dr. Browning . Oh , that 's today , right . Listen ... I won 't be able to make it today . - Nicholas ... - Nothing to worry about . Who can tell me the significance of Shor 's algorithm ? It 's a quantum algorithm used for integer factorization . It 's important because it can , in theory , be used to break the widely used public-key cryptography scheme known as RSA . RSA is based on the assumption that factoring large numbers is computationally infeasible . This assumption is valid for classical computers . No classical algorithm is known that can factor in polynomial time . Professor Rush ? Very good . - What are you doing here ? - Sorry , not now . Weren 't you taking Gloria to the oncologist today ? - She wanted to go by herself . - Doesn 't sound like her . - Are you sure she really meant it ? - Oh , yes , quite sure . I thought you 'd be worried sick . I am . Very concerned . It 's back . I had a feeling . You did ? You never said so . I can 't go through this again . I can 't . Nick , are you there ? Are you coming home ? Yes , soon , soon . - Hi , I 'm Dr. Daniel Jackson . - So you are . Your office told me that you hadn 't come in for the day . I don 't have time for this . You 're going to want to hear that . Is there some place we could talk ? You 're going to tell me about the Stargate program . Your current dilemma ... How to unlock the Stargate 's ninth and final chevron . Specifically , how much energy will be required . How do you know ? Those details are classified . The project hasn 't even been named yet , has it ? How about " Icarus " ? I know because it 's already happened ... And you 're just a figment of my imagination . Reliving all of this is just a necessary evil , an unfortunate side effect to a process I can 't control , and it keeps getting in the bloody way of what I need to do . You , the University , the clouds in the sky , all just a dream , a distant memory , and one I 'd really rather went away . What the hell 's going on ? His pulse is strong . BP 's elevated , but not dramatically . He didn 't want to involve anyone else . I am in command of this ship , and that means you don 't do anything without involving me . Do you understand ? What is all this ? We modified the interface . We hope it 'll allow us to use the chair without causing damage to the subject ... And ? Rush is the first subject . - Let 's wake him up . - I can 't . Severing the connection is dangerous . He has to do it himself . Without me , Rush still would 've done it . Even after what happened to Franklin ? This is the only way to unlock control of the ship . The code has to be in the databank . Let 's forget about Rush for a second . If he wants to kill himself , so be it . How do you know this modification you 've made is not going to backfire put the whole ship in jeopardy ? I don 't . How does this new interface work ? We created a buffer to slow down the transfer of information . We also limited the connection to a narrow range of the subject 's subconscious . That should protect the vast majority of his brain . In a worst case , we hope only the memories we targeted could be lost . If it works , the data stored in the ship 's computer should be made available to Rush through a dream . A dream ? A semi-lucid one . Sort of a stimulated recall of the memories in question . How does he wake up ? There 's a built-in trigger . It should appear to him as a distinctive door . He just has to open it and walk through . He seems stable for now . Okay , let 's say this is working . Do you have any feedback ? Do you know what Rush is doing ? Anything goes wrong , I 'm pulling the plug . Get on a plane . Go . I don 't want to go alone . - I 'll go with you . - Thank you . The truth is , as much as I 'd like to ... I don 't think I have the strength . My god , Nick ... Don 't worry . I haven 't lost my mind , not yet , anyway , but as you can see , I am rather busy . Ignoring it isn 't helping anyone . Burying yourself in work this way . - She needs you ... - Thank you for your concern . But I really cannot deal with any distractions at the moment ... Is that what your dying wife is to you ? No , of course not . She wants to go home . One last time . You should take her . I know you mean well , I really do . But I can 't go anywhere . Not now . Are we okay ? Sure . Why not ? You chose to sit here by yourself instead of with me . You looked busy . I need to know that we 're going to be okay . I know you think that I betrayed you , and I 'm sorry . I never meant to hurt you . It will never happen again . Your friendship means too much to me . Never a dull moment . Shall we see where we are now ? - What do we got ? - Take a look . - Are those buildings ? - Were . They look like ruins . It 's the first sign of civilization on a planet . - Human ? - No signs of any life . We should go check it out . Six hours . You guys gear up . - I 'd like to go . - Me too . Chloe has been studying all of Dr. Jackson 's work . Really ? - You have ? - Say something archeological . Stratification . - That 's good . - Thank you . Plus , didn 't you say you took ancient history ? - I did . - At Harvard . I don 't see how that helps us billions of light-years from earth , but I get it . I 'm pretty sure we 've established this ship is no safer than any planet . Kidnapped by aliens , right here . I don 't have a problem with you going . I never said I did . Just be careful . Every code that 's ever been cracked , every cipher in the last two millennia has been based on those that came before them . This code , however , is so old there may be no known predecessor . A proto-encryption ? Exactly . How do we attack it with no basis , then ? None of you ? Nothing ? None of you see any pattern in this ? So , what good are you lot , then ? - Why are you here ? - I 've never even seen those symbols ... Yes , you have ! You have , because I have , and you are all me ! Get out ! All of you just get out ! It 's not their fault . I know . I 'm the one who can 't solve it . Despite the fact it 's right in front of me . Have you given any thought to what we talked about ? - I 'm going to fail at that , too . - I 'm sorry ? Solving the issues of dialing the ninth chevron . I 'll devote two and a half years of my life to that . Meanwhile , my wife ... is going to spend her dying days alone while I 'm off , out , trying to solve that little problem ... And then some kid , some big child with no meaningful education is going to jump in at the last moment ... And solve it , just like that . No sense of ambition . He spends most of his time playing ridiculous games , and yet he 's the genius I 'll never be . He 's the one who should be here now , seeing what I 'm seeing . Look ... Obviously you 're not yourself right now . I do understand what it is you 're going through . Yeah , I know . I lost my wife . There was nothing I could do nothing to save her . It 's a terrible , helpless feeling . Yeah , my wife 's not the answer . Data does come quicker when I 'm with her , but quicker it 's not gonna help me if I can 't interpret it . There 's patterns I 'm just not seeing . I 'm just saying if you need time , take it , be with her . That 's more important right now . That 's more important than anything . Thanks , you 've been really helpful . Your nose is bleeding . The kino really couldn 't do this place justice . It 's pretty incredible . Awesome . It doesn 't look like anybody 's been here for a long , long time . We have about six hours to figure out what happened . Let 's look around . Progress ? His nose was bleeding . It 's stopped now . What does that mean ? I don 't know exactly , but it can 't be good for him , the way this thing messes with the brain . His heart rate and BP have been fluctuating . - You said he was stable . - I said , " for the moment . " That was over an hour ago . No way at all to tell if he 's having any success ? All I 'm able to monitor is the rate the data 's flowing into his mind , and that 's been fluctuating as well . What are the odds that yanking him out of there will kill him ? I wouldn 't even hazard a guess . I 've spent most of the last 20 years watching what I ate , denying myself the things I most loved , and now , I could eat anything I want , and nothing seems appealing . Why are you here , Nick ? Because this is what happened . You have work to do . Go and do it . I am doing it . It doesn 't seem to matter where I am . You have the chance to change so many things . The one thing you can 't change is what 's happening to me . Don 't let that hold you back . When the time comes , I know you 'll be there . Okay , every time I turn , I see another wall ... So what do you think that means ? What do you got , buddy ? Well , it 's pretty cool . Looks like a network of underground tunnels . We should check it out . Why ? - Don 't you want to know who once lived here ? - How does that help us ? So far destiny has stopped on planets that had something on them that we need . I 'm not saying It 's not always gonna be the case ... Did You see anything on the kino ? But we ... What could possibly be down there that we would need ? I don 't know . How about a power source capable of dialing back to Earth ? Come on . You never know . These people don 't look like they were that advanced . Actually , many advanced alien civilizations found in the Milky Way and Pegasus galaxies lived in what appeared to be primitive stone architecture that concealed extremely powerful technology . I admit that was a big nerd moment , but it 's true , isn 't it ? All right , you got the kino footage . Let 's go . Yeah , that 's the thing . We don 't have the kino footage . What do you mean ? It 's a bit of a maze down there } ... You lost it ? I took a wrong turn trying to steer it out . I just need to take a look and get my bearings . The footage may be important . I 'm going to stay up here and cover your backs . What . Are you scared ? That was a joke . I 'm sorry , I must have mistakenly thought we were on that level now . You know , friends who can kid each other like that ? - Please don 't kill me . - Come on , you can take up the rear . We won 't go far . What 's his problem ? I didn 't think anything scared him . He 's a little claustrophobic . I need to sit down . " God is our refuge " " and strength , " " a very present help in trouble . " " Therefore we shall not fear , " " though the Earth be removed , " " though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea , " " though its waters roar and be troubled , " " though the mountains shake at the swelling thereof . " " There is a river , " the streams whereof make glad the city of God , - " the holy habitation of the most high ... " - I want you to practice , okay ? " God is in the midst of her . " " She will not be moved . " " God will help her " " when the morning dawns . " - What was that ? - Probably wind . Anyone else think we 've seen enough ? Weren 't you the one hoping for dead bodies ? Some evidence of human skeletal remains , actually , and there don 't seem to be any . Oh , God , get it off ! Get it off ! Get off ! That 's it . I am out of here ! Good idea . Let 's go . Why ? Don 't move . Oh , my god , what ? What is it ? Run . I think you got it . Lieutenant Scott , this is colonel Young . Do you read ? Lieutenant Scott , Sergeant Greer , come in . This is Scott , sir . I 'm glad to hear your voice , sir . We are ... in a bit of a pickle down here . What 's that ? We are trapped in an underground tunnel . We were exploring the ruins . Sergeant Greer was forced to fire his weapon . The tunnel collapsed on us . No one is hurt . Eli and Chloe are looking for another way out , but if they can 't find one , we 're going to need help getting out of here , sir . Why was Sergeant Greer forced to use his weapon ? There was a spider , sir . It was approaching Chloe . A spider ? It was a sizable spider , sir . I 'll send a team . Young out . Less than two hours before we jump into FTL . This is my fault . We shouldn 't have come down here . So , the good news is , we haven 't run into any more spiders . Did you find the kino ? Unfortunately , these tunnels seem to go on forever . We haven 't found any other sort of exit or access to ground level . We heard wind howling . That 's what you said it was . Me , I 'm already having trouble breathing . - There 's air down here . - My heart rate is very high . Slightly dizzy . All right , calm down . There 's got to be more than one way in and out of here . I take it the digging is not going well . We got C-4 . That 's not going to do anything but make this worse . Colonel Young just radioed through the Gate . They 're sending a rescue team . And what are they going to do ? Do you read ? We hear you . Where are you ? We just found the tunnel entrance . Is everyone okay down there ? We 're fine . Look ... How bad is it ? I 'm not going to lie to you . It does not look good . We 're going to get you out of there . Let 's get to work ! I 'm sorry , I rang the bell several times , the door was open . Your nose is bleeding again . I 've got some great news . Our source inside the Lucian Alliance has come through . We 've got the location of a planet that just might suit our power requirements . That 's terrific . I 'd though you 'd be more excited . I mean , It 's going to take some doing . There 's a mining outpost being run by a small .. Jackson , do you understand anything on that board ? No , not really . Why ? Should I ? I don 't either . I didn 't expect it to just present itself . I mean , Why should it ? It 's a code . It 's meant to be hidden . Code for what ? Destiny . This is all information stored in her memory banks . At least I suspect , a small fraction of it . All completely meaningless to me in this form without context . And unfortunately , I don 't think staying here any longer is going to make it much clearer . - Are you going somewhere ? - Yep . I 'm done . How is your wife doing ? She 's dying . Today , actually . I really am sorry . Yes , so am I. Shouldn 't you be with her ? You keep saying that . Yeah , it 's true , isn 't it ? What 's the date today ? You say your wife is going to die today but you don 't remember what day it is ? ... No , please , just tell me . April , 6th . April the 6th ... She 's taken a turn for the worse . The doctors say the situation 's very grave . They don 't think she 's going to make it for the day , thank you . April , 6 . - What does that mean ? - I don 't know . But Gloria didn 't die on April 6 . Well , it 's not the ultimate answer to life , to universe and everything , that 's 42 . - Hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy . - Yes , Thank you , you 've been very helpful . The address of this house is number 4 , not 46 . Why does it say 46 on the door ? Well , 46 divided by 2 is 23 . I 'm sure you 've heard of the 23 enigma . Yeah , it refers to some ridiculous notion that everything and anything is connected to the number 23 . Most rational people acknowledge the enigma is merely evidence of the mind 's power to perceive truth in almost anything . Yeah , if you look for it , you 're gonna find it . So , what is this ? Is this my mind playing tricks ? Am I seeing something that 's not there ? Convincing myself this is somehow significant . Lieutenant James this is Colonel Young , come in . I wish I had a better news for you , sir . We 're doing the best we can , but things are pretty slow-moving . You 're running out of time . Yes , sir . We know . Can I panic now ? We 've got less than half an hour . We 're not gonna make it . Seriously , what are we gonna do ? Sir , he just suffered from some sort of cardiac event . He seems somewhat stabilized , but I don 't know of much more of this he can take . Leaving him in there is gonna kill him ? I think so , sir . It 's just a matter of time . And you say plugging him out can kill him too . I know I advised against it , but maybe it 's better to opt for a risk over certainty . Unfortunately , Things are not going well on the planet . Looks like We won 't have enough time to dig them out . However , if Rush can find the master code , we may be able to stall Destiny 's jump into FTL . We risk sacrificing Rush . According to you , he 's chosen to stay connected to that chair . He may not be aware of the danger he 's in . If we jump to FTL , Eli , Scott , Greer and Chloe are gonna be left behind . So right now , looks like their best chance is Rush . We couldn 't find any other access . Maybe it 's time we made one . Lieutenant , we 're running out of time . We know . We 're going to use C-4 to try and blow a hole in the top of the tunnel . How far back do you estimate you are you from the collapsed opening ? Not far . About 10 meters . Move as far back as you can , and let me know when you 're clear . Copy that . Let 's go , guys . - Good ? - We 'll see . We 're ready up here . Hopefully , we 're clear down here . Fire in the hole ! - Lieutenant , do you read ? - Yeah , we 're still here . Doesn 't look like that had the desired effect . No , sir . We just made things a lot worse . I 'm sorry . No , it 's not your fault , Lt. You did the best you could . Get your team back to the ship . Sir , we still have time ... Not much . That was an order , lieutenant . Go . You 're not here for me . I 've already been through this . No , you haven 't . Not really . I was here . You can 't lie to yourself . You chose this memory because it 's one you 'd rather just forget . What you need is here now . That 's why you 're here . It 's not for me . You just want your answer . I need an answer . You 're dying . I know . You 'd rather die than fail ? What have you become , Nicholas ? The things you 've done , it 's not who you are . It 's not you . I always had it in me ... To make the hard decisions . I have reasons . Good reasons . To hurt people ? Are you sure ? You tell yourself my death gave you courage . In truth , it made you callous . You 're not the man I loved . He died with you . I was never your conscience , Nicholas . You still have one of your own . You just need to listen to it . Some people live their whole lives and never find what we had . Don 't let what happened to me change you this way . It 's nobody 's fault . I know ... I know that . It 's one stupid gene . Passed on to me by my mother , incapable of performing its one simple function , to repair damaged DNA . That 's it , isn 't it ? That 's why you 're here . Of course . Go . I know how much you loved me . Stop taking it out on everyone else . I haven 't forgotten you , Gloria ... And I never will . Now , Listen to me . We got five minutes to stop this ship from jumping into FTL . Peoples ' lives are depending on it . I can 't ... I can 't do that . I can 't do that ... I can 't do anything about that ... Lieutenant Scott , can you hear me ? We can 't stop it . Understood , sir . God be with you , Colonel . All of you . It 's not over , son . Don 't give up . They just jumped . What are you doing out of the infirmary ? I got work to do , Colonel . How about solving the access code that 's going to allow us to turn this ship around ? Funnily enough ... - I thought you didn 't find anything . - I didn 't say that . I said I couldn 't stop the ship then and there . Even though it nearly killed me , I managed to find a clue which may give us control of this ship once and for all . A clue ? 46 . That seems a little too simple . It 's the number of chromosomes in human DNA . - Genetic code . - This helps us how ? We know in other cases , with their later technologies , that the Ancients used sensors that restricted access by detecting specific genetic markers . The access code to the Destiny is not like that . It 's definitely numerological . The problem we 've had cracking it is that we had no basis , - nowhere to start . - We were just taking wild shots in the dark . - And now ? - Now we know where to start . They used their own genetic code , likely a specific one . More evolved than ours , no doubt , but all we have to do now is run through the variations . We 're still talking about billions of possibilities here . I 've written a program which is going to go through the permutations . So how long is this going to take ? Several days . Really ? - Or several years ... - I was trying to being a little bit more optimistic . That 's a little different for you . All this , this was ... worth risking your life for ? We 'll see .
