 AIKEN : Every day birthed anew . Born a promise . A million possibilities taking shape under each new day 's sun . But what if the next time that sun rose there were no possibilities at all ? Only death . Yours and of everything you 've ever known . How would you act in that darkness beforehand ? How would you go out ? We are simple things , soldiers . We are taught honor . Honor means sacrifice . Sacrifice means death . Either our own , or our enemy 's . In some ways , beneath it all , that 's all a soldier 's really trained for . To undo all of God 's work . To take life where only God can give it . Were it that we were not soldiers but gods . I 'll tell you , Locke . Worst thing about being at peace with the Covenant we 're reduced to this . Trailing small fish . [ Speaking alien language ] Never know . Chatter we 've been getting off this guy is he 's up to something . Something that would not bode well for the UNSC . Any bets on what he 's carrying ? Drugs . Exotic fauna ? HORRIGAN ON EARPIECE : You actually just said that , didn 't you ? Gotta say something to keep it interesting . [ Speaking alien language ] That interesting enough for you ? Vector in . What 's a Covenant dropship doing here ? Backwater like Sedra ? HORRIGAN : What the hell ? An Elite Zealot ? Been years since I 've seen a roach . ESTRIN : Whatever he 's got , that 's just black-hole cold . Stasis refrigerant ? That 's only used for one thing . A bomb . Not good . We 're moving people . Split up . Ramos , the little one . Copy . [ Grunting ] I got him . Gaines , it 's Locke . Target just handed off to a Zealot . An Elite ? We think it 's a bomb . Where is he ? Where 'd he go ? He 's heading for the city . Vectoring to you now . [ Water running ] He 's broken into a city access tunnel . Might lose comm inside . HORRIGAN : Roger that . Horrigan , mark my last . [ Footsteps fading ] He ran from the fight . His target must be the city . We 've got the east side , Locke . What 's there ? Talk to me . Main market . Maybe 500 Sedrans . Damn it , we gotta take him out . We gotta zero in on him . He 's been seen entering the mall . [ Gun firing ] [ Panting ] It 's over . [ Breathing heavily ] Give it to me . [ Whirring ] [ People screaming ] That can 't have been it . What kind of device was that ? No damage ? It could have been a dud . An Elite Zealot wouldn 't come all this way to make a mistake like that . Why did they come all the way out here at all ? We gotta tell Admiral Goodwin . He 's at the UN meeting . I wouldn 't rattle any cages till we know what we 're dealing with . [ Gasping ] What 's going on with her ? I don 't know . She 's been affected by something ... [ Gaines groaning ] Gaines ... [ Alarm blaring ] Keep breathing . - Secure the entrances . - Yes sir , Colonel Aiken . Keep breathing . You 're gonna be alright , you hear me ? Hold it . ONI , we 're clear . Only Sedran passports get entrance . I 've got wounded , Colonel . We can talk politics later . Go ahead . Get ' em to decon unit with the rest of his team . I don 't want ' em spreading this thing if contagious . Yes sir , Colonel . AIKEN : Like that someone can play God to you . Someone you don 't know . Invisible , like a malevolent force beyond the firmament . Taking from you our only birthright . Life . So what do we do ? Just wait ? Find out if it gets us ? Medical says they 've never seen anything like it . But if we 're not showing symptoms at this point , we might be in the clear . What the hell did they do to us ? Ramos . Talk to me , medic . What do you got ? They 're coming in from further and further from the blast site . People eight , ten kilometers away are being affected . Population of this ward is 100 % human . It 's not affecting other species . You 're saying they got their hands on a compound that selectively kills humans and nothing else ? RAMOS : It 's not a compound . An element . Closest they can pin it is the 120 family . But with a transmutation of some sort that makes it something no one 's ever seen . This thing randomly compromises human DNA , but not others . Covenant 's found their holy grail then , haven 't they ? Way of wiping us out without firing a shot . When we 're supposedly not even at war . Question is , why Sedra ? Why use this on an outer colony ? Why not hit population centers like Gannick 22 ? Test run , probably . Porous borders . Mixed population . This one works , they go for the big fish . Sedrans think this is the mining tug that was used to smuggle in the element . The pirates can 't be found . Check that out , Estrin . Yes sir . Hey Locke . Here comes our Sedran Colonel . What do you got ? Let you know when the time 's right . I suggest we work together on this . We both want the same thing . ONI doesn 't work alongside anyone . It 's just you and everyone else way below . So you know I don 't write policy . My two soldiers are up in ICU because of that blast . Soldiers I 'm responsible for . I 'm asking you as a fellow officer . Show them back to the base , Macer . Sir . You 're gonna tell me who flew that tug . [ Grunting ] You keep playing stupid , you 'll be dead inside an hour . Colonel Aiken . Mind if we step in , take a shot ? All I mind is you shutting up and knowing your place . [ Grunts ] This is on you . You know that , don 't you ? They weren 't after us , they were after you . UNSC . 'Cause you were operating here , on our turf . You take the good with the bad and the UNSC have done a lot of good for you . You 're here to expand UNSC 's power , nothing else . Without a clue about the cultures you assimilate . [ Snarling ] LOCKE : He says he 's only a middleman . Told to carry some things to a landing site and not to ask any questions . But he did anyhow . He couldn 't find out what he was carrying , but found out where it came from . He says it 's sourced from a place no one will go . He says it 's sourced from hell . A place so doomed even the Elites Zealots won 't go there . So they but it from someone who will . If we work backward through the tug 's positioning , you 're never gonna believe where we end up . Intense red giant . Half a dozen charred planets around it , but that 's not the interesting part . It 's the Halo ring . That 's Alpha Halo . Exactly . The one the Master Chief destroyed . And now it 's come back to haunt us . The explosion and the triggered slipspace scatters the ring to break across the galaxy . This one apparently ends up in our red giant 's orbit . Be a major peace violation if anyone went there . Treaty says no one goes back to the Ring . Not UNSC , not Covenant . You think this is where they 're sourcing the element ? Problem is , there 's no record of an element like that on a Halo ring . MACER : Before the explosion . After it could be a different story . You got a point , private . Get to it . Macer . Private first class , sir . And the point 's easy . For all we know what blew up the Halo ring was a supernova-level event . Right push and pull of fission and fusion and new elements are formed . Like our mystery element , Let me guess . You majored in Physics . R-regional Nav . Physics I just leafed through when I was bored . Display object 's composition . Element range : 120 to 130 . Cross-reference other planets , celestial bodies with this element . Expand search . Galaxies , known universe . Looks like we got a one-off . An element fatal to humans . Native to this little piece of Halo ring and nowhere else . 96 square kilometers . We can nuke it . Launch it from a destroyer . Hold up on that . What do you got , Estrin ? Another inbound . Tug , just like this one . Looks like someone 's going back to no man 's land . We don 't have a lot of time , Admiral . Be a bold move , Locke . Send a team in , destroy the deposits , nab whoever it is that 's mining the stuff . And find out who they 're selling it to . We know who they 're selling it to . Just need proof . Hard proof the Covenant 's broken the treaty . Then give me the okay . We 're the only ones in the region who can do anything about it . Sir , if I may . Well , it 's just , I think there 's more you should know . Because of its orbit , this piece of the ring . has got rotation just like any other planet . But the spin 's fast . Full day-night cycle 's only 16 hours . And ? Well , because of proximity to that star daytime temperatures reach 900 degrees . HORRIGAN : They 're working the night shift . Harvesting the element and they 're long gone before the sun comes up . Cools to about 130 degrees or so at night because of the mass . Gotta admit to them they do have balls . We still have enough time to get there before they 're done . We destroy the deposits with the Havok , grab our smugglers , be off-planet within hours . Havok 's a big ask . These are big circumstances , sir . Look , you wanna do this tonight , your only option is the Sedrans . Where 's Aiken ? Well , he 's not to be accessed , sir . He 's not to be accessed , sir ! I hear you need a ship . All these years heard about the Halo ring . Never thought we 'd actually step foot on it . Won 't be the Halo ring of yore , that 's for sure . They 're hooking us up with a Condor . LOCKE : Good enough . ESTRIN : Looks like there 's strings attached . Sir ? Oxygen packs . We weren 't planning on co-opting this thing . You underestimate Sedrans , Commander . We get punched in the mouth , we don 't just outsource our fight to other people . We work better alone . You 're lucky ONI is even coming in an advisory capacity . We 're the ones going to be doing all the heavy lifting . We 'll see about that . Lift-off 's in 10 . We can 't do this . These people are two centuries behind us . They still believe in Valhalla . LOCKE : I don 't think we have a choice , Horrigan . [ Powering up ] Ready to go to hell , Colonel ? - Daddy ? - I heard you 're gonna come home . I made a picture of us at the beach . - Bye , Daddy ! - I miss you . Ever seen a Havok nuke before ? Only virtually . How ' bout battle ? Seen that ? Thing you don 't understand about Sedrans . We 've lived in a state of perpetual war , surrounded by enemies . We were born fighting . That may be . But make a mistake with that you won 't even have time to know you made a mistake . No one in 100 kilometers will . Which is why only we touch it . This is our mission . I don 't wanna hear that again , Lieutenant . This is a Sedran operation . Oh , we 'll be the ones setting the nuke . And probably nabbing the smugglers as advisors . You wanna put a muzzle on your subordinate , Commander Locke ? He 's officially muzzled . He said what he had to say . Well , once we 're boots down , we 'll have roughly eight hours before sunup . Anybody who 's on the surface at that point is dead . Atmosphere 's still breathable but at only 20 % oxygen of what the ring used to have . This is gonna slow us down . Which means oxygen systems and scrubbers for everyone . And lastly I don 't wanna hear anymore proper nous until we exfil . No more " Sedrans " , no " ONI " . Just a team of soldiers . And as commanding officer of this mission that team goes through me , clear ? Clear from this end . We come up against it so you know only guy I listen to is you . Your friend 's wrong about us . We can fight . Not tonight , you won 't . Colonel 's right about you , if you don 't mind me saying . ONI . Think you 're better than everyone else . I mean ... not that you 're not , it 's just ... Well , the only difference between you and any of us is the training . So you think if you went through ONI training , you 'd be just as good ? Maybe even better . That your aspiration ? To be ONI ? Perhaps you 'd rather be a Spartan . She should be neither . You know , he used to be a Spartan . A decade ago maybe . Named Randall-037 . One day , he up and walks away . And no one walks away from the Spartan program . It 's not supposed to be possible . They have too much invested in you . Fast forward 10 years and suddenly I 'm looking at your colonel . Scars like they took a bunch of titanium out of his body . Except his name is not Randall , it 's Aiken . How 's that come to pass ? You 're ONI . You tell me . Come on , Macer . I know better than to trust you . We wouldn 't be doing our job if people trusted us . AIKEN : Commander . MACER : Colonel , we 've located the position of the mining tug . AIKEN : Condor will drop us two klicks short of the target , we 'll proceed on foot . Make sure we preserve surprise . As for the Havok , Unless you disagree , Commander , I suggest it stays here till we have our quarry . We can light it up at that point , make sure we 're well out of space by the time it detonates . But not so far that we can 't see it . Something awful mesmerizing about seeing a Havok go up in real time . A fireworks show like none other . Amen to that . On our signal , come to us . [ Alarm beeping ] HORRIGAN : Last chance , Colonel . We can do this on our own . AIKEN : We do this as a team . Have it your way , try to keep up . Now drop the lines ! BEST : Ropes away . Drop in five . RAMOS : Something about this place freaks me out . Whole thing 's fried . Used to be rivers , forests . Everything living in those forests ... LOCKE : If it was living , it 's dead now . RAMOS : The Forerunners built it 100,000 years ago , and we still don 't totally understand it . Even busted up like it is . [ Electronic beeping ] LOCKE : Not getting any movement . Best , Wisner , stay 360 on this . I don 't want anybody flanking us . WISNER AND BEST : Yes , sir . Got any thoughts on this one , Colonel ? Almost say they ditched , but engine 's still warm . ESTRIN : Still functional . I wonder why they deployed the chute . RAMOS : It 's pretty cramped for a two-seater . LOCKE : Question is where our two are . HORRIGAN : Got something , Locke . AIKEN : Cargo unit . Looks like it got pretty busted up on entry . HORRIGAN : Jettisoned before landed . LOCKE : Guess they weren 't planning on bringing it back . HORRIGAN : Horse tracks . RAMOS : Who the hell brings horses ? LOCKE : Couldn 't land the tug near the deposits . Might have been the fastest way out . ESTRIN : Fastest way 1000 years ago . AIKEN : Got a cave , Macer . Can you image through this soil ? No , sir . Too thick . Roger that . Stay high and wide of us . I don 't want your engine noise , but I want your eyes . CONDOR PILOT : Roger that , sir . Get ready . [ Creatures screeching ] ESTRIN : Humidity level is rising . [ Water pattering ] LOCKE : Got ' em . Twelve o 'clock . M53 non-lethal rounds . I want them incapacitated , not dead . [ Device whirring ] [ Neighing ] We 've got your ship . There 's no way out . Stand up ! HAISAL : Put down your weapons ! These guys are something else . Put down your weapons , I 'm telling you ! [ Whinnying ] What 's wrong with those horses ? They can smell something . LOCKE : They 're moving . Son of a bitch . Horrigan , Estrin . MACER : Colonel , I got ' em . Running east of you . [ Grunts ] Let 's make this easy , huh ? You have no idea what you 're doing . HORRIGAN : Shut up and save the bull for the ride out . [ Muffled screams ] HORRIGAN : Not bad for advisors , huh , Colonel ? [ Chuckles ] Nice . - Bring it , Macer , we have our quarry . - MACER : Roger that . Privates , get the containers . Yes , sir ! [ Alarm sounding ] [ Whinnying ] Whoa there , boy ! Whoa ! [ Creatures screeching ] Pull up , sir ! Pull up ! Hell 's going on , Macer ? I don 't know , but pull up ! AIKEN : Talk to me , Condor . What the hell 's going on ? [ Macer screams ] CONDOR PILOT : Something 's on me , sir . I 'm losing control of her . The propulsion 's gone . Blown up the engines . [ Screaming ] Macer . [ Groans ] Get down ! RAMOS : It 's gonna hit us ! [ Creatures screeching ] [ Gunfire ] [ Horse neighing ] AIKEN : Fall back ! Take cover ! [ Best screaming ] LOCKE : Stand down . Hold your fire . We 're cloaking . [ Creatures screeching ] What the hell are they ? RAMOS : The only thing that matters right now is we 're cloaked and they can 't see us . I 'm not so sure about that . AIKEN : Fall back ! Fall back ! Fall back ! We were cloaked . How did they know ? It 's your technology ! It 's like a magnet to them . They sense it . Once they on you , they can even sense your movements . Power down . What ? AIKEN : Do it . ESTRIN : Can someone tell me what those things are ? MACER : I don 't know , but that 's swarm intelligence they 're displaying . Form assumption ... They 're Hunter Worms . Something like them anyhow . But how they can sense where we are , though , that 's not usually in their repertoire . Their organs . They can detect the very changes in the air . Magnetic disturbances , radio waves , EMPs . Everything that you carry . You call them Hunter Worms , we call them Lekgolo . We 've learned not to bring technology to this place . They don 't respond to it well . The-these people don 't know how to react , brother . So reliant on their technology , they wouldn 't even know what to do without it , would they ? Maybe that 'll be the thing that kills you . My ankle is broken . We got a problem . None of these units have an ex-orbital comm . And with that Condor down at the bottom of the canyon we 've got no way of calling for an extraction . As of this moment , none of us are getting off this stone . And in five hours and change that sun is coming up . We 're all gonna be dust . That 's not true . There 's still the tug . It 's a two-seater . And there are nine of us . You sure there 's no way to get comm out ? Only ex-orbital would be on that Condor . And even if we were able to get a signal out , three hours would be nowhere near enough to get a rescue ship here . This is it then . This rock . Us . And what we can do about it . Some of us aren 't going to survive the night . That 's a given . Doesn 't mean we can 't get the mission done beforehand , though . That Havok survived the fall . They 're built to withstand far worse . We got them . Now we go down to the Condor , get that nuke , and we destroy the deposits . Make sure what happened back there on Sedra never happens again . Two hours down , two hours to the tug . And when we get to the tug ... How do we decide who takes it ? Lifeboat rules . I remember my childhood on the north coast of England . People used to tell stories of the Royal Navy . Second millennium . Shipwrecked sailors stuck out in sea in lifeboats . The rule was you stick together . No fighting over food , water . It was only at the end , when there 's no other choice , they had to make the hard decisions of who 'd live and who 'd die . Doing so beforehand would undermine the very collaboration that was required to keep them alive long enough to be rescued in the first place . How 'd they make the hard decisions ? They drew straws . I hope to hell it didn 't fall the whole way down . LOCKE : Only one way to find out . Suggest your men dump the armor . Without the hydraulics of the air-con , it 's just dead weight . Slow you down . Cook you in the process . LOCKE : Agreed , we 'll just keep the oxygen . We can go without it for a while , but we 'll deficit pretty quickly in this atmosphere . Sooner or later all of us are gonna have to power up the last three air units . [ Air units powering up ] As of this moment , we 're 100 % analog . Show our friend here there 's more to a soldier than just his armor . RAMOS : Are we really doing this ? Going down when our only way out is up ? If anyone can pull a rabbit out of his hat , it 's Locke . HORRIGAN : Guy 's out of his mind . We 're not drawing straws . LOCKE : You got a better way ? Probably , put the screws on these guys . Get the intel we need , then dump ' em . 'Cause we 're going nowhere with that one . We cut ' em lose , they know this land . They 'll be to the tug before we know it . Then maybe that only leaves putting ' em down . I 'll remind you , Lieutenant , I 'm the one making the decisions around here . We 're not making any decisions like that . Well , I got news for you . All due respect to Wisner and the glorified bus driver there , but your team is dead and you got no ship . You 're just one of the rest of us now . Horrigan . Yes , sir . Spoke out of turn . No , Lieutenant . Seems to me like you 've still got something to say . Say it . Enlighten us . You said it before . We 're all just a bunch of soldiers . And as soldiers we realize that soldiering ain 't pretty . Now , if it 's really all about the mission , like you say it is , then we need to think about the mission , and we can 't get it done lugging them around . You could put us both down . But I 'm curious to see who you think will fly the ship . Nobody 's putting anybody down . We don 't panic like that . It 's not an option . AIKEN : Silence . They say it 's a soldier 's greatest ally . Grants him the element of surprise . Lays bare all of his enemy 's movement . But I learned long ago that was a lie . Because silence allows a soldier to think . Gives him time to be scared . And a scared soldier starts making choices . Choices to make the fear go away . Choices that ruin everything . How much deeper ? Why should I help you ? Because we 're the ones with the guns . You 've never heard of my planet , have you ? Aleria . A 100-year drought has killed half the population . Made us desperate for food . So desperate they 'd send their sons and fathers to a hell-world like this to make money . You destroy those deposits , you destroy one of the only sources of income my people have . You got no problem trafficking in the blood of others , I take it . Funny coming from ONI . I 'll tell you what . No politics . Not tonight . Just a bunch of people with a common goal of surviving . We are gonna find that craft . We are gonna detonate that nuke if it 's still viable , and we are gonna destroy those deposits . You are powerless to stop that . But you can facilitate getting it done faster . Giving at least some of us a chance of getting out of here alive . Maybe even you . I 'll not make it out of here tonight . Your friend there will see to that . I give you my word . You help us find that craft , You get a fair draw at those straws . Don 't act like you 're not a gambler . The fact that you come to this place , under these circumstances , tells me you 're exactly that . There are the switchbacks . Down there to the left . That 's a dangerous game you 're playing . Impossible . Plants , water . What the hell is this ? Must not be carbon-based life . RAMOS : Could be a million things . Halo ring ? I don 't put anything past it . We 're losing momentum . We need to oxygenate or people start dropping . We don 't need your air . We wouldn 't come to a place whose very atmosphere tells us we 're unwelcome . ARRIS : Haisal , enough . Alright , gonna fire up all three air systems simultaneously . Everyone saturates , we shut ' em down as quickly as possible . You 're telling the worms where you are . Thirty seconds . We move as soon as we 're done . [ Air rushing ] [ Breathing deeply ] [ Hunter worms snarling ] Power down . Let 's go . Let 's move . [ Hunter worms snarling ] [ Haisal grunts ] Shit ! The oxygen pack . Got it ? I got it . LOCKE : We 're down two . Wisner ? [ Screaming ] Ramos , Ramos ! Go , go ! [ Hunter worms snarling ] Find cover ! [ Grunts ] Someone 's gotta help him ! Stay on mission , Macer ! Macer ! [ Hunter worms snarling ] [ Whispering ] Go , go ! [ Beeps ] [ Hunter worms screeching ] LOCKE : Go , go , go ! Oh my God , I 'm gonna kill them . I 'm gonna kill them with the Halo ring . Thank you . Thank you , by the way . Turns out the glorified bus driver can do something after all . Yeah , if you could turn back the clock , she 'd be the whole package . My guess in two hours is forty till sunup . We gotta move . I think maybe we 're clear . Clear as we 're gonna be . What the hell ? Oh my God . It 's Wisner . It 's not her . No . - They can mimic the shape . - No . But they can 't make the muscle movement . They 're baiting us . We gotta get out of this hole , we don 't have time . They 're too close , we 're going nowhere with him . Why don 't you leave me here ? I 'm tired of listening to you . Besides , you run for it , they 'll hear . And maybe I can watch them tear you apart . No way we 'll make it . We 're not fast enough . Ramos is right . We 're not fast enough . [ Worms screeching ] [ Grunts ] Haisal ! [ Worms screeching ] [ Screaming ] Goddamn , go ! Go ! Dog ! Goddamn dog ! [ Grunts ] You don 't choose ! You don 't do that ! You don 't play God ! - That 's not your right ! - Look around . You see God anywhere ? Tonight , we are God . AIKEN : He was right , but we didn 't know it . In that moment , on that rock , with the devil on our heels , we were gods . Gods of the damned . We 'll keep him in line . Promise you that . I 'm sure that 's your plan , not that is possible now , since we 're falling apart . We work together it won 't . ONI looks out for ONI . You know it and I know it . I thought you said no proper nouns tonight . People get scared , they get tribal . Trust their own before the other . We 're the other tonight . Don 't pretend we 're not . Sounds like a man drawing lines . Just to find a reason to turn on us . Shouldn 't fear me . I 'm just one man . And the glorified bus driver as backup . One man that was a Spartan . You 're playing scared , Commander . See , I already died . That 's the difference between you and me . Gave my life away when I was signed up to be a soldier . It 's a matter of what I will give it away for now . The noble soldier . I forgot . We die here , we go to Valhalla , right ? They don 't allow ONI into Valhalla . I 'll tell you what . You got a death wish with what happened to you . That 's fine . But I still got some fight . Not going gently into this night . Not yet . Not to the Hunter Worms , not to you , not to the sun . You 'd have it that they 'd go first then . No , never . That 's my team . I love them . 'Cause that 's what is gonna take for you to survive . You know that , don 't you ? It 's you , or them . You love them ? You love them and all ? It 's not even a choice . AIKEN : We got part of it . We 're close . Let 's spread out and try to find a way down . I hate that had to happen to him . Carried us here though . Giving us chance to live . You and me . You do know , they 've been looking around this whole time . Choosing . We all have . Choosing what ? The other one who will live . Besides themselves . 'Cause you know that everyone 's got themselves pencilled in for one of those seats . I looked around . And I chose you . - Don 't do this . - We don 't have time . It 's time to choose . Part of the soldiering , part of being ONI is living to fight another day . We don 't make a dent in the Covenant if we 're dead . And them ? We 've lost soldiers before . But we didn 't abandon them . Just tell me when we draw those straws you have my back , that you 'll get me off this rock . Straws will decide . For everyone . Even me . That 's not good enough . I need to know where you stand . I save you , I kill them . That 's not a choice I wanna make . Then people are gonna start to make choices . You realize that , don 't you ? ESTRIN : Come on , man . Help me out here . When are you coming back , daddy ? I heard you 're gonna come home . I made a picture of ... The hell are you doing ? Turn that off ! You touch them , I 'll kill you . Turn it off ! Ramos , I 'm gonna tell you this once . Your kids are beautiful , but tonight they 're gonna get us killed . Now let 's find us a way down . Thought we were already in the ninth circle of hell . Looks like there 's a bonus level . - No one of them has got kids . - Shh ! They die out here , just them died . Me , I go , kids will have nothing . - No one there ... - Shut up ! Stay on mission . It 's always the mission , isn 't it ? Draw straws like a good soldier . You could bet straws isn 't gonna decide anything . A gun will . You and I decide it 'll be by guns , it 'll be by guns . Me and you ? Which one of us is gonna fly the tug ? We need a pilot in one of those seats . The girl maybe . The heat kills her , - the smuggler . - That only leaves one other seat . We take out the rest , and you and I , we draw straws . Leaves a fifty-fifty change instead of one in seven . You 're out of your mind . I 'm the only one seeing things straight . You 're wrong . Shut up ! Don 't go talk to them . And I told you the things . And I trusted you . Help me ! Ramos , help me up ! Come on , man , help me up ! Come on , lift me up . [ Worms screeching ] [ Screaming ] [ Worms screeching ] Still kids . You understand , right ? What 's going on ? Talk to me ! He fell . He huh ... He fell . It 's over , forget it . The important thing is you still have that gun . We 're close . The bottoms are not so far from here . We better top up up here . We do it down there and they come , we 're trapped . Same as last time . Saturate as quickly as possible . Not gonna happen , friend . - We don 't have time for this . - We don 't have enough to share anymore . If we 're gonna get back to that tug , we need air . All of it . That 's not up for you to decide . I told you choices are gonna start being made . No straws . This mission is over . We are now going back to the tug . You wanna kill me , go ahead , but she gets oxygen . Don 't move ! Stop this , goddammit ! I will power up and gun you down , I swear to God . Put it down ! You will not do this . We will not go out like this . You drawing on me ? I chose you . I chose you . Drop it . I swear to God , drop it or I 'll ... Or you 're what ? We can power up if you want . And shoot it out . But you 'll lose . Power up and you 'll kill all of us . Including yourselves . You never know . I can power up . Put a couple of rounds in you . Power down . Maybe the Hunters are not that wise . You 'd take that chance ? Everything 's chances now . You got one more second Locke . RAMOS : Come on , man . Doesn 't have to be like this . As we planned . [ Groans ] I tried to save you . I 'm not the one who needs saving . Said the dead man . Anyone who wants to go after them . They can . Know where I stand . I wouldn 't make it to 200 yards . Might be all you have to make , Macer . [ Panting ] [ Panting rapidly ] Hurry up ! He 'll turn on you , huh ? Shut up ! The least essential one always dies . Me , he needs to fly the ship . You ? What 's he needs ? You 're telling me this why ? Because I trust you more than him . Havoks are supposed to be bulletproof . Let 's see if that was just advertising . MACER : Sir , looks like some of the propulsion might still be functional . Condor won 't get us off the ring , but if we could disengage it , get the thrusters working , we could still make the tug . [ Grunting ] [ Ramos grunts ] [ Panting ] HORRIGAN : What ? He 's right . You don 't need me . He 's got a point . He has no point . Tug like that has an autopilot . Then why are we keeping him around ? 'Cause it also has a biometric ignition . That 's the card he 's been playing the whole time . We need his fingerprint to start the thing . But that 's all we need . His fingerprint . Come on . [ Grunts ] We got about a half hour left . So all we gotta do is set this thing , get away clear , let it detonate while the tug is in orbit . MACER : We have problems . I spoke too soon . Propulsion 's still functional , but the fuel cells are shattered . Not getting anywhere without fuel . Might still be a way . This thing has a standard backup power cell . We use this for the ship instead , might be just enough to get us out of this canyon to that tug . Get this cell into the system . Test it , make sure it 's still working . MACER : Yes , sir . We can 't leave the deposits intact . We came all this way . And at least one of us isn 't getting off this rock anyhow . I think the only thing we can do is get two of us up and out towards that tug , whilst the other remains behind . Detonates the Havok by hand . [ Ramos wheezing ] I gotta top up . We don 't have time for this ! HORRIGAN : Saturate quick . [ Panting ] [ Device beeps ] I 'm getting nothing . [ Grunting ] [ Machine whirring ] It 's a go . But I suggest we get going ASAP . Not sure how long it 's gonna hold . AIKEN : Save it till we 're ready . [ Powering down ] Go with her , you don 't have much time . Like hell you get to make that decision . Three of us aren 't making it out here , we already know that . Let 's make the choice now . Walk , goddammit . I called this mission . It 's on me . Never did draw those straws , did we ? [ Bead clatters ] [ Beads clattering ] I 'll choose two . One red . One white . Three . You 're too young . Soldier 's a soldier . Three . Just so you know , Private . No do-overs . You wanna be a soldier and you pick red , I will walk on you . Let the beads decide . [ Beads clatter ] Red one stays behind . [ Exhales ] As it should be . Go . I could draw on you , if you want . Get her going , Macer . See you in Valhalla . They don 't let ONI into Valhalla . You , they might . [ Powering up ] [ Engine rumbling ] There they are ! [ Screeching ] [ Worms chittering ] [ Device beeping ] What the hell ? [ Yells ] [ Engine stalling ] We got problems . Steady , Macer . [ Screaming ] Come on ! You 'll never catch ' em if you 're dragging me . [ Both panting ] Don 't do it ! [ Engine whirring ] [ Screeching ] Don 't do it ! Don 't do it ! [ Gun shots ] [ Screeching ] No , no ! No ! No . [ Yelling ] [ Grunting ] [ Yelling ] [ Rumbling ] [ Beeping ] [ Timer beeping ] [ Screeching ] [ Beeping ] Now , come on ! I need you help here , bus driver . Autopilot hardware 's same as most . [ Beeping ] [ Powering up ] We 're going . We 're going ! [ Engine whirring ] [ Timer beeping ] [ Rumbling ] AIKEN : Death will come to all of us . Especially soldiers . It will come inevitable as the sun . It is only to be feared if you fear what 's on the other side of it . If you see darkness in your soul . Rather than light . In a way , I suppose soldiers are gods . You give your life away so others will live . In peace . Even if it 's only fleeting . The ones that live carry part of you with them . Your deeds become seeds for theirs . The sacrifice carries forward . And in their final moments as a soldier you know they will have to answer the same question you did in yours : with your life would you only create death ? Or with your death would you create life ? That is my question to you , Commander Locke . How will you die ? And for what ?
