 It 's been a while . You look good . How 'd you track these guys , anyway ? I have my ways . You gonna tell me who your snitch is ? Nice try . Look , I only want Trevor . You can have the rest . MARY DEATH : Where 's your gun caddy ? DRIFTER : Killed by gypsies in the Thrice Burned Lands . By gypsies . You do look good . You look like shit , old man . ( Elevator Dings ) ( Music Playing ) Stewie , baby , listen . We just gotta stick it out a while longer . The people will start missing what only we can give ' em . ( Laughs ) Yo , give me a Blue Label on the rocks , glass of water . Do you think they 're gonna choose the wasteland over the comforts of the old world ? ( Laughs ) ( Coughing ) ( Woman Screams ) Come out from behind the bar , bounty killer ! ( Crowd Murmuring ) ( New Music Plays ) ANNOUNCER : Another bounty warrant approved by the Council of Nine . This death warrant is issued for Herbert Trevor Jones , wanted for tax evasion , insider trading , employee slavery and war crimes . What 's the matter , Trevor ? You get a dirty mug ? - ( Gun Clicks ) - Shit . ( Gunshots ) ( Jukebox Playing ) ♪ All right tonight ♪ Aah ! ♪ Oh , yeah ♪ - ( Screaming ) - ( Gunfire ) ♪ Lookie here ♪ ♪ Ooh , yeah ♪ ♪ I don 't mind telling you , baby , uhh ♪ ♪ That you looking kinda good ♪ DRIFTER : Mary , wait . ♪ Ah , shake that thing , woman ♪ ( Engine Whirring ) ( Bullet Clanks ) Ah , come on . ( Muttering ) Son of a ... ( Laughs ) Are you trying to steal my kill ? MARY : Just trying to help a guy out . DRIFTER : You 're a real pain in the ass . - You know that ? - ( Laughs ) Yeah , well , at least I don 't have gun problems . DRIFTER : Give me that . Yeah . I should probably get myself a gun caddy . - You gonna pull me up ? - No . NARRATOR : In the not-too-distant future , the world powers were brought to their knees by big business . Fueled by power and greed , the great titans of industry took up arms and set out to destroy one another , giving rise to the corporate wars . - ( Bomb Dings ) - ( Music Resumes ) As the nation spiraled into oblivion , the top executives abandoned their armies and escaped with the remainder of the world 's wealth . The great cities of the world burned for many years . Born from the ash was the Council of Nine , who vowed to rebuild and give hope to the survivors of the wasteland . To avenge the corporations reckless destruction , the Council issues death warrants for all white-collar criminals . In turn , a new breed of mercenary hunters spawn , the bounty killer . From savage gypsy to graceful assassin , the bounty killers compete for body count , fame and a fat stack of cash . They 're ending the plague of corporate greed and providing the survivors of the apocalypse with retribution . - These are the new heroes . - ( Ding ) This is the age of the bounty killer . ( Motorcycle Revving ) - We love you ! - Yes ! ( Cheering ) You don 't know what you 're talking about , Henry . Does this look like the savior of mankind ? Mary Death ? No , it looks like misogyny . Do you know what misogyny is ? No , you don 't , because Drifter looks like the hero of the world . I should gun caddy for him . I 'm gonna go gun caddy for him . So long , suckers . See you in another life . CADDY : Excuse me , Mr. Drifter , sir , I hear you 're in need of a gun caddy . I am the fastest gun tosser this side of the Thrice Burned Lands , and I Right , bounty killers only . CADDY : Look , I can do anything you need me to do . I - I can flute a barrel . I can globe a sight , trigger a blade for single action , double action , triple action , round action . I can do anything ! I know Morse code . Boop-boop-boop . That 's an S. I taught myself how to tie knots . - BILLY : Drifter ! Drifter ! - I can fish . Billy Bloom , " Wasteland News . " So what do you got there ? Looks like a fresh kill . You know I don 't do interviews , Billy . He doesn 't do interviews , Billy ... - Come on . - So just back off . - Come on . - Set up an appointment . BILLY : Guy like you could use a little PR . A great story like this could put you right back up on the top where you belong . Come on . Help me out . I don 't need a bunch of front-page photos to prove I 'm doing my job . ( Engine Revs ) Oh , my God , she 's here ! It 's really her ! ♪ Bounty ♪ ♪ Bounty killer 's gonna get ya ♪ Looks like my story just arrived . CADDY : Where are they going ? They don 't know the real deal 's right here . ( Crowd Cheering ) Some broad in hooker boots . ♪ I want to die in your arms ♪ ♪ Have you slay me in your bed tonight ♪ ♪ Killer ♪ ♪ ' ' Cause there 's a war going on ... ♪ WOMAN : Yay , Mary Death ! I love you . My fans mean everything to me . I am like a fine sommelier , and I will choose the right weapon for the kill . A sommelier , huh ? Yeah . Sorry . It 's like a wine Yeah , I know what it is . Mary , pretty big score today . How did you find these Yellow Ties when the other bounty killers had given up ? Now , Billy , you know I never pull out before the big kill . ( Cheering ) I made an oath to the Council to root out corruption where it hides and serve the justice to you , the people . And you can quote me on that . She is fantastic . Anyways No ! I was kidding . And what am I supposed to do with this twitching twat ? He isn 't dead yet ! Ohh ! Fuck sake ! Here . Take your money , and piss off , you pair of wankers . Oh , thank you very much . Oi , Drifter . - ( Sniffs ) - Yeah ? There , you cunt . And what 's his problem ? Bad manners and a face that 'd make his mum reach for a hammer . ( Chuckles ) Don 't usually get gypsies this far east . They raided a Green Tie hideout at some caves just south of here . Stole all the kids to brainwash 'em into raving-mad killers . Bloody animals , really , the gypsies are . Good tippers , though . 20 % every time . Oh , bleeding hell . Oh , another headless wonder . Come on . How am I supposed to ID ' em without a fucking head ? Relax , Willy . I 've got his business card . Pile of crusted rubbish is what it is . Oh , and it smells like a fat man 's rotten yarbles . I shall have to deduct some money for the lack of head . Are you giving me shit , Willy ? It 's simple , you silly sod . No head , no bounty . You have no idea how far up my ass the Council is about the state of these bodies . Well , you know where you can tell ' em to shove it . Now , don 't you blaspheme the Council in here , or you 'll end up like your pal Harry . Harry ? Who 's Harry ? Mary Death , your angel face is a sight for these weary eyes . Thanks , Willy , but I 'm no angel . Well , pickle my todger . Another pile of justice from Mary Death . So who 's this Harry everyone 's so wild about ? - Give me that . - ( Laughs ) Oh , what 's the big deal ? He 's just some small-time collar . - ( Beeps ) - ( Laughs ) Wait a minute . Is this your snitch ? - No . - ( Laughs ) He is . Hmm . Very interesting . DRIFTER : Just let it go . MARY : Uh-huh . All right . - I 'm serious . - Okay . He 's all yours . Crabby . Hey , sorry . Just MARY : Holy shit ! CADDY : Aah ! Aah ! I I just wanted to say I 'm the best gun caddy ever . If you would just give me one chance to prove it . Bloody hell , kid . You know this knob shiner ? It 's just that what you do means so much , and I want to be a part of it . Ha ha ha . Oh , you 'd be better off hiring one of these working stiffs . Ah , he 's got guts . All right , who have you carried guns for ? Okay , good question . One , Black Betty , two , Cracker Boone both top bounty killers . Drifter , did you hear that ? Black Betty and Cracker Boone . Hmm . Good luck , kid . Make sure to keep a fresh mag handy , and , um , always stay to his left . - Yep . - He likes that . - ( Laughs ) - Willy . WILLY : All right , all right . Don 't get your tits in a twist . Slabbing up your bodies is always a pleasure , my darling . The pleasure 's all mine . ( Laughs ) Bless you , love . See you around . Drifter ... get this mangy mutt out of here . You know the rules . Just go , and gas up my bike . We have to go find Harry . CADDY : Yep ! Oh , my God . Gun caddy coming through ! ( Cheering ) ( Bird Squawks ) I 'm all right ! - ( Cheering ) - I 'm all right . I just fell down a little bit . MAN : We see her , boss . ( Transmission ) You know what to do , Mr. Gunney . Get her to join up , or take her out . MAN : Roger that . CADDY : Now , this snaggletoothed guy 's your informant , right ? DRIFTER : Yeah , he 's a bad guy , but he 's small-time . He 's been more valuable to keep alive , 'cause he swims with bigger sharks . - Two wood . - Two wood . CADDY : So a small fish to catch a big shark . Shotgun ! So Mary said she wouldn 't go after your fish . So you guys don 't go after each other 's kills . Yeah , but it doesn 't mean you can 't make it hard as hell for the other guy . Now shut up , and throw me the 12-gauge . ( Shotgun Fires ) World 's greatest gun caddy , huh ? Stop asking questions , and pay attention . I 'm sorry ! ♪ Bounty ♪ Ah , I 'm so sorry , baby . I didn 't know you couldn 't handle that much weight . Heh . I guess I 've gotta carry this whole relationship now . I promise , no more attachments . Just like mama . Ah ! ( Chuckles ) Thanks , Bob . Whoo ! That sun is a scorcher . Tell you what , days like today make you really miss that ozone layer , if you know what I mean . Hmm . Mary Death , right ? You want an autograph ? No , but thank you for the offer . What 's wrong with your friend ? Is he too fat to get out of the car ? Oh , Bob ? Bob 's just a - He 's a little shy . ( Chuckles ) I 'm Greg Gunney , Wasteland Resorts . We 're building a brighter future one condo at a time . " Stop surviving . Start living . " It 's our motto . You were vetted by the Council ? Yes , I am . You see , the world is evolving , Mary , and , thanks to you , the white collars are dwindling , so the Council has turned its attention to loftier goals . Who 's bankrolling you ? - I 'd rather not say ... - ( Ding ) But it isn 't too late to join our team . With our resources and your celebrity , oh , this could be a beautiful partnership . If you don 't want an autograph , you need to clear out of here . Bottom-line kind of girl . I like that . No , Greg , you are really not understanding me . In the amount of time we 've been talking , most women will have already decided whether they want to fuck or be your friend . I 'm not most women , Greg . I just decide whether I want to fuck or kill you . BOB : Forget this bitch , Greg . She ain 't buying nothing . You know , Bob 's right . Let 's cut the foreplay . ( Screams ) ( Gags ) You think they 're gonna choose the wasteland over the comforts of the old world ? ( Laughs ) ( Groans ) Greg , you 're not gonna make it much longer , and I can make your death a little easier for you . Do you know where he is ? ( Gags ) No . No . Okay , what about his pal here , Harry ? Fuck you . - What was that , Greg ? - ( Gurgles ) You 're not being very clear . - ( Groans ) - Spit it out , Greg . GREG : Drip Rock . What kind of idiot holes up inside of his own bar ? That doesn 't make any sense . Well , being marked by a death warrant doesn 't give a man any more sense than he had before , and sometimes the best place to hide is in plain sight where no one 's looking for you . - Well , then , let 's do this . - Oh , no , I 'm going in alone . - What do you mea-What ? - I know you heard me . Yeah , I did hear you . It 's a terrible idea . Listen , listen , I need you to keep an eye on things outside , and whatever happens , stay outside , and be ready to go at a moment 's notice . Oh , like a lookout . ( Engine Revving ) Oh , this is great . Hey , looks like you pulled out the big guns . Who are you tracking , Mary ? You 're gonna want to make yourself scarce , Billy . Yeah , miss out on the action ? No way . ( Sighs ) Make it hard as hell for the other guy . Hey there , pretty lady . Why don 't we see what 's hiding up your little skirt ? ( Clattering ) That ought to slow you down . CADDY : Oh , shit . ( Bird Squawks ) MARY : So is it true ? Are you Francis Gorman ? I could tell you I was innocent , but you 'd assume I 'm lying . Never trust a collar . I taught you that . You didn 't answer my question . Is that your mug on the warrant ? Yeah , it 's me . And Harry here , is he your old business partner ? You kill him so he wouldn 't turn you in ? And what the fuck is Second Sun ? Second Sun ? What the hell are you talking about ? God , they tried to kill me , you son of a bitch ! ( Grunts ) I didn 't kill Harry . Smell the room . He 's been dead a week . This was a trap . I trusted you . I believed in you . Mary Why didn 't you tell me ? I was going to . It 's , uh It 's complicated . I 'm going to the Council . I need to speak to the Judges . That 's suicide . No one 's ever appealed a death warrant . The Council Guard 'll kill you at the gate . Yeah , well , I 'll deal with that when I get there . Then I 'm going with you . You can 't do this alone . You can 't come . I don 't want you risking your life for me . That wasn 't a request . You 're not gonna make this easy on me , now , are you ? Now , where 's the fun in that ? Get the bikes , Jack ! Shit . Shit . Shit . ( Knife Whooshes ) BILLY : Hey , this is great stuff , Mary . MARY : Told you to get out of here . Yeah , and miss the story of my career ? Not a chance ! Been a pleasure working with you , Billy . DRIFTER : Will you stop rolling around on the ground and get the bikes ? ! ( Gunfire ) Shit . ( Ding ) What the fuck was that ? Mary ! You are acting like a child ! I 'm going with you to the Council . Will you stop being so stubborn ? You can 't go on a kill-crazy rampage every time you 're mad at somebody ! Oh , yeah ? Watch me ! ( Gunshot Echoes ) Mary , on your nine . ( Engines Start ) JACK : What happened back there ? Why is Mary trying to kill us ? DRIFTER : She 's having a tantrum . JACK : Put the hammer down , man . She can 't catch us . I modified her boosters . ( Cylinder Rolls ) What happens if she engages them ? I don 't know . Probably stall out . That 's not supposed to happen . What are you doing ? What are you stopping for , man ? We gotta go ! JACK : Great , she 's not dead . Can we go , please ? Can 't have you following me , fender bunny . ( Radio Playing Ballad ) ♪ Doo , doo-wah ♪ ♪ Doo , doo-wah ♪ ♪ Doo , doo-wah ♪ ♪ Doo-wah ♪ ♪ Handsome ♪ ♪ Ah , so handsome ♪ ♪ Gentle and sweet ♪ ♪ Knocks me off my feet ♪ ♪ Every time I see him ♪ ♪ Handsome ♪ ♪ Handsome man ♪ ♪ Doo , doo-wah ♪ ♪ I don 't even know his name ♪ ♪ I don 't know where he lives ♪ ♪ But he 's still to blame ... ♪ MAN : Mr. Sterling , sir . I 'll be with you in a minute . ( Man Groans ) ♪ Ah , so handsome ♪ ( Gunshot ) - * Gentle and sweet * - ( Chuckles ) ♪ Knocks me off my feet ♪ ♪ Every time I see him ♪ - ( Groans ) - * Handsome ♪ Sir , Mr. - ( Groans ) How many times have I told you the importance of maintaining our appearance ? We had the bounty killers surrounded Give me the bottom line , Mr. Elliott . Where is Gorman now ? Mary Death said they 're going to the Council . Mary Death ? - Mary Death . - ( Telephone Rings ) God . - Excuse me a minute . - ( Ring ) ( Groans ) ( Whines ) STERLING : Yes , Catherine ? Tell me our progress . STERLING : Well , we hit a snag . Mary Death showed up and ruined our plan . Now the bounty killers are headed for the Council . CATHERINE : This is disturbing news , Mr. Sterling . The board is losing their patience with you . ( Elliott Groaning ) What is that horrible noise ? ( Groans Stop ) My apologies for the interruption . Finish the job , Mr. Sterling . Any more hiccups , and we will have no choice but to terminate you . Am I clear ? Yes , ma 'am . ( Whines , Beeps ) ( Sighs ) We gotta get back to it , act like nothing happened and keep the killing alive . DRIFTER : I 'll understand if you want to quit . JACK : I don 't believe any of this . I 've followed you for years . You 're the best bounty killer we got . And now all the others are gunning for me . It 's too dangerous for you , kid . No . You took a chance on me . I 'm taking one on you . So I am with you till the end , always on your left . So how are we gonna get there ? Nobody knows where it is . DRIFTER : I 'll figure it out . We 'll just have to get across the Badlands first . - The Badlands ? - Quiet . What is that ? Kill the lights . Kill the lights . JACK : What is it ? Gypsies . Fuck ! Gypsies ? - We 're dead ! - Calm down . Calm down ? Bounty killer 's another thing , but gypsies ? Throat-ripping , village-raping gypsies ? You get down . - How down ? - Shh . They probably got scouts all around here . ( Drums Playing ) ( Whooping And Yelling ) Is that Mocha Sujata ? That 's the gypsy queen . They say every outsider who sees her gets killed . DRIFTER : Yeah , well , you better get her autograph before she slits your throat . I don 't want her autograph . What are you doing this far west , bounty killer ? Only those that want to cross the Badlands come out this far . DRIFTER : We 're trying to find San Dalloosa . I hear it 's bingo night . ( Whooping ) Where 's the girl ? What are you talking about ? Don 't play smart with me . A gypsy girl named Nuri escaped our camp many years ago . She killed my king . Well , good for her . ( Whooping ) She escaped to look for you . She mentioned the name Drifter . ( Sighs ) Well , maybe she was a fan . ( Chuckles ) - Ponka ! ( Laughter ) ( Groans ) Well , that might get you somewhere . ( Chuckles ) ( Groans ) ( Whooping ) Now ... where are you hiding the girl ? Fuck off . ( Groans ) Fuck ! Aah ! Why ? ( Whooping ) Where 's Nuri ? No more games . You know where this Nuri chick is ? Can I suggest you start ( Whooping ) Where is she ? - Yeah ! - ( Cheering ) JACK : I hate gypsies . ( Spits ) Yeah . Me , too , kid . - ( Grunts ) - Shit ! Shit ! Shit ! Shit ! They 're gonna eat us ! Will you keep your voice down ? I 'm not gonna keep my voice down ! They 're gypsies ! That 's what they do . They eat people ! Jack , they 're not gonna eat anyone . It 's just a myth they spread to scare people , okay ? - I think . - What ? ( Groans ) I 'm so fat . Oh , they 're gonna love me . I 'm so marbled . I 'm not gonna let anyone eat you , all right ? We still got a few hours till daylight . Wait . What ? You got an escape plan ? I 'm working on it . Besides , the way they 're going to that roach liquor , they 'll be worse for wear in the morning . That 's your escape plan , is that they have hangovers ? Yes . Have you got a better one ? No , but at least mine can 't be undone with aspirin . Just please tell me that you don 't know this gypsy girl that they 're looking for . ( Sighs ) It 's Mary Death . What ? - It 's Mary Death . - What ? Told you Mary Death ! It can 't be Mary Death . She 's not even a gypsy . Why are you risking our lives for a woman trying to kill us ? ! Shh . It 's complicated . What 's so complicated about it ? ! Because it 's a woman . They 're all complicated . JACK : You love her , don 't you ? Don 't you ? Shit ! ♪ Now , if you got a women ... ♪ WOMAN : Oh , yeah . I first met Mary many years ago when she tracked me to the Thirsty Beaver , a warehouse where bounty killers could train all day and at night share a stiff drink with one of Lucille 's famous beaver girls . ♪ I know a good woman can mean a good man 's doubt ♪ ♪ Ain 't that right ? ♪ ( Muffled Music Continues ) ♪ Ain 't that right ? ♪ ( Wind Whistling ) ( Fading ) * Ain 't that right ? ♪ ( Gasps ) Get out . - Come on . - Come on . Let 's go . I didn 't order a gypsy . Where are the girls ? You have a blade against your throat , and all you 're worried about are those whores ? Well , yeah . Paid for all night . Who are you ? The gypsies call me Nuri . They 'd have my head if they knew I was here . You escaped ? They say you 're the best bounty killer in the Thrice Burned Lands . I need you to train me . Why don 't you get one of your clown-faced boyfriends to train you ? ( Growls ) They 've given up on the world . They just want to burn it further into oblivion . You 're setting things right and actually making a difference here . You tracked me here , and that means you got talent . ( Hisses ) Get off . ( Laughs ) A lot of spunk , too . Oh , this is gonna be interesting . ( Screaming ) ( Laughter ) Always expect the unexpected . DRIFTER : She fearlessly took on every challenge . I was hard on her . I mean , you have to be . You didn 't say you were using live rounds . Must have slipped my mind . DRIFTER : She was a fast learner . Anything short of perfection wasn 't good enough . She had to be the best . ( Ding ) Humph . - ( Laughter ) - Nice . I didn 't know you were doing the whole course . Must have slipped my mind . ( Piano Playing ) ( Overlapping Conversations ) ( Orchestra Playing ) DRIFTER : It wasn 't long before I started bringing her on jobs . ( Grunts ) Not bad . You can threaten me all you like , love , but half bounty is all you 're gonna get . You 'd be well advised to teach that dodgy bint some manners . Ahh ! That merchant is a crook ! It 's an unspoken agreement we have . They skim a little bit off top in exchange for some information , okay ? No . Deal , nothing . When I 'm on my own , things 'll be different . - You 're acting like a child . - Uhh ! Nuri , what 's with all that racket ? I 'm finishing a new outfit . And my name isn 't Nuri anymore . It 's Mary Death . DRIFTER : On that day , I realized I had created the greatest killer the world would ever know . The months that followed were a good time for the two of us . We pulled off jobs in tandem . She was my fender bunny , and I was her old man . The world was blown to hell , but it didn 't matter . We were invincible . I 've been thinking , fender bunny . Stop talking . You know , hear me out . You deserve better than a ... cramped room at the Beaver , you know ? And I 've saved some money , and ... yeah , we could ride out of here tomorrow and leave all this behind . We could start a new life . - ( Blow Lands ) - Ohh ! Shit ! You cut me deep ! Mary ... you cut me deep . ( Groans ) DRIFTER : I tried to love her , kid , but she stabbed me in the spleen and left me for dead . ( Scraping ) ( Jack Chuckles ) JACK : Huh . You really know your gypsies . JACK : Can 't hold their liquor , I guess . ( Sips ) DRIFTER : Move it , kid . Gahh . DRIFTER : What are you waiting for ? I 'm stealing a stagecoach from of a bunch of savages with a wanted criminal moonlighting as a bounty killer , who has the hots for a murderous , deranged gypsy . Dreams do come true , kid . I never stopped believing . Hyah ! Hyah ! Hyah ! Get going ! Get up ! They 're getting away . Ho ! Whoo ! Kill them ! - ( Whooping ) - Kill them ! ( Gunshots ) Bollocks . Oh , shit . - Pitching wedge . - What ? Jack , pass me the pitching wedge ! What the hell is a pitching wedge ? The RPG . ( Yelling ) I told you to let them escape . Catch up with the others , and tell them to fall back ! Fall back ! ( Beeping ) Oh , come on . Shit . ( Grunting ) ( Beeping ) ( Screams ) ( Knife Slices ) ( Beeping Continues ) ( Beeping Stops ) Boom , motherfuckers . What are you doing ? Well , I was , um I 'm up here saving our necks , and you 're down there taking a siesta in the trailer ? His head just went everywhere . Yeah , I know . It was too easy . That was easy ? How was that easy ? I don 't want to hear it , Jack . Just get up here , and man the rig . We gotta move fast ! I found something . Jack , I think you just bought us a trip across the Badlands . ♪ Must be an angel ♪ ♪ You must be my heart ♪ ♪ Alone in this desert ♪ ♪ Just let it all start ♪ ♪ You change like the seasons ... ♪ MARY : How much for a shot of whiskey and a Coke ? Nuri ? How the hell are you , Lucille ? ♪ Just one more time ♪ You need a drink . ♪ Forget all the rules ... ♪ MARY : Ah , man . God , what happened to this place ? Man , I remember us turning customers away every night . My best girls went off with a dancing show to New Phoenix . Yeah ? Why didn 't you go with ' em ? LUCILLE : Ah , I never was much of a dancer . Not on my feet , anyway . ( Laughs ) You know , a strange thing happened . After the girls left , this town suddenly lost interest in being a town . Hmm . Funny how that happens . ( Laughs ) Another ? ♪ Must be an angel ♪ You know , there 's a saying you can 't fool a fool . ♪ Must be my heart ... ♪ I know a broken heart when I see one . What 's going on with you , baby girl ? ♪ Inside your arms ... ♪ Is it Drifter ? He 's one of them . Oh . He 's a criminal . This whole time , he 's been hiding like a snake . And now you 're the one who , uh , has to kill him , right ? That 's right . LUCILLE : It 's , uh It 's hard to do your job when it goes against what you feel in your heart . It 's a weakness . Oh , that 's just the gypsy in you . Underneath that armor , you 're still a woman , flesh and blood like the rest of us . He lied to us . Heh . Yeah , but he 's a handsome liar . Come on . Let 's get you cleaned up . Oh , hey , that was my first cover . Yeah . I 've been keeping track , and I knew you 'd come back sooner or later for these . MARY : Mm . Spent so much time working on ' em . Oh , now this one , that 's good . Yeah , that 's my favorite . Okay , I always thought the chest plate was a bit much . Ah , sometimes it pays for a girl to be practical . ( Metal Clinks ) Lucille , you got a set of wheels I could use ? Voilà . ( Sighs ) Lucille , I love you . Yep , there 's still life in the old girl yet . I took her out last week , and she kicked like a mule . I 'm borrowing a gas mask . It 's yours . - ( Engine Hums ) - Do me a favor . If you don 't kill Drifter , send him my way . I 'll give that handsome man all the loving he needs . You don 't change , do you , Lucille ? Why mess with perfection ? See you around . Take care , Nuri . JACK : Think this junker still runs ? Oh , this junker could blow the wings off a bat out of hell . JACK : Whose place is this , anyways ? Coyote named Jimbo . JACK : What 's a coyote ? He smuggles white collars out of bounty killer territory . How do you know him ? Well , you could say we have a special relationship . He 's your informant , isn 't he ? Right ? The coyote takes collars to where they think they 're safe . Then he turns around , and he tells you , right . Right ? That 's an astute observation , Mr. LeMans . Hell , I 'm sorry I ever underestimated your intelligence . Ah , thank you . Wait . What ? JIMBO : God damn it ! Drifter ! What the fuck are you thinking knocking on my door like that ? Where the hell did you get that gypsy trailer ? Oh , we stole it . - What ? - From gypsies . Who the fuck is this ? Oh , he 's my gun caddy . I need your help . Get inside ! Get inside ! Ahh ! ( Thunder Rumbling ) JIMBO : The Badlands ? Fuck that shit , man . No , no , no , I got-I got a collar to pick up in New Phoenix . Cancel the job . Hey ! Don 't touch nothing . Nope . Mm-mm . Man , abandoning a client would sully my reputation . DRIFTER : What reputation ? You know , that 's a good point . You make your own fuel ? Man , that ain 't no ordinary fuel . That 's moonshine . You run your car on moonshine ? Damn straight , 160 proof . That is an old family recipe perfected by my granddaddy GuntherAristotle Stone . He was a great man . Now , why are you in such a rush to get across the Badlands ? ( Creaks ) What 's this bullshit ? Well , sing a song . Can 't say I 'm surprised , though . Hey , don 't drink that . That is not for consumption . No . I 'm gonna put it over here . I 'm headed to the Council building . The Council building ? Man , they 're gonna shoot you on sight . Yeah , but don 't worry about that . Just name your price . Oh , hell . You show up here not invited . You got some weirdo with you . You 're a wanted man . You been tussling with gypsies . Man , that is a lot of risk for Jimbo to take on . Besides , driving across the Badlands , that ain 't no Sunday cruise , man . The radiation 's so hot in there , you stay in there long enough , it 'll make your eyeballs bleed . ( Jack Sighs ) ( Choir Sings ) Hot damn , Drifter . You are full of surprises . Drifter 's so full of prizes . I ain 't seen a six-pack of PBR since ... ( Muttering ) Whose cold , dead hands you have to wrestle this hooch out of ? What does it matter ? It 's yours now . Damn , Drifter . What do you say ? I say load up the guns , and pack the biscuits , boys . We are going on a bona fide adventure . This guy 's , uh , sweaty . DRIFTER : What the fuck did you put in that shit , anyway ? JIMBO : Now , don 't you be railing on Gunther 's recipe . I told him not to drink it . I hope he don 't go blind and his pecker don 't fall off . ( Thunder Crashing ) ( Grinds ) Shit . ( Screams ) ( Echoing Laugh ) You 're a scout . Why are the gypsies in the Badlands ? Fuck you , bounty killer . Tell me how to get out of here . Why are the gypsies in the Badlands ? They 're looking for you , Nuri . ( Laughing ) ( Grinds ) Ah , damn it ! DRIFTER : Jack . Jack . ( Jack Groans ) DRIFTER : Check it out . ( Alarm Blaring ) ( Alarm Stops ) ( Whirring ) ( Alarm Blares Once ) ( Sighs ) ( Gas Whooshing ) ( Ding ) Okay . ( Filtered Breathing ) What is this place ? ( Growls ) ( Sighs ) Perfect . How much ? ( Growls ) Okay , look . I don 't-I don 't have any money on me right now . Um , but if we could work out a deal or something , I could ( Grunts ) ( Alarm Blares , Air Whooshes ) No . Look , I-I can 't go back out there , sir . I 'm asking you to help me . I can 't go back out there without a map . I don 't know my way through the Badlands . I need you to help me . You obviously know what you 're doing . Look , you make maps . We 'll work something out . If you-Hello ? Look at me ! Please . I need your help . ( Grunts ) ( Alarm Blares ) What ? I told you I don 't have any money . ( Chuckles ) Thank you . You don 't by chance happen to have a map to the Council , do you ? ( Radio Playing Heavy Metal ) ( Sniffs ) Whoo hoo hoo ! Hoo hoo hoo ! Hot damn ! I whupped the Badlands again ! And in record time . - Ah ! Whoo ! You all right ? - ( Coughs ) You all right ? Check your eyeballs . Check your eyeballs . You 're all right . Ah hoo hoo hoo ! Hell , yeah . Up yours , Badlands . This calls for a celebration . Ah ! Now I can die a happy man . - ( Bullet Ricochets ) - Aah ! ( Screams ) - ( Gunshots ) - ( Screaming ) DRIFTER : Jack , get the guns . Just go around and get the rest of the six-pack . DRIFTER : Shh . You and beer . Shit . Well , I 'll be damned . JACK : Who is it ? Headhunters ? Gypsies ? What ? Yeah , it 's a gypsy , all right . - ( Bullet Ricochets ) - Shit . It 's Mary . Shit . Okay , 600 yards . That 's what , the nine iron ? No , I had a better idea . JACK : What you doing ? Drifter , she 's gonna take you down . Oh , what are you doing ? Mary ! I 'm done running . I 'm not gonna fight you anymore . Are you gonna come down here and talk , or you just gonna keep knocking dirt on my boots ? Hey , sorry about your car . I didn 't know . I just crossed a few Ack ! Hey , hey , take it easy , man . Jimbo , what did I say would happen if I ever saw you again ? You ain 't still raw about that Texas job , are you ? Listen , your beef 's with me . Leave him out of this . And you are a dead man . Oh , just stop it . Just stop it . I am sick of all the guns and the Badlands and gypsies trying to eat us ! MARY : You were captured by gypsies ? Yes , we were captured by gypsies , and they tortured the hell out of this guy , and he never gave you up . 'Cause you know why ? For some fucked-up reason , he loves you . And she could have shot you , like , a million times and she didn 't , 'cause she loves you . So can you quit acting like children ? Please ? Thank you . We hired Jimbo to take us to the Council so Drifter can talk to the Judges . You 'll never get past the Council Guard . I told you that . He 's gonna do this his way , okay ? After everything he 's done for the people , he 's earned the right to face the Judges . And you 're welcome to come with us . What ? Listen , I 'm the one with the bounty on my head . There 's no reason for any of you to get mixed up in my mess . JACK : It 's not your choice . It 's ours . MARY : ( Sighs ) How you gonna find it ? Here . All right . If we 're gonna see this through to the end , we 're gonna take it the whole way . And I promise you everythingll make sense when we get to the Council . I 'll follow you as far as the Council building , and when they find you guilty , it 's gonna be me who puts a bullet in your head . Sounds like a play . It 's better than your stupid knife in my spleen . That 's not funny . Yeah , it 's kind of funny . Let 's do this ! ( Engine Revs ) ( Engine Revs ) ( Engine Stops ) Two weeks . JIMBO : We missed one hell of a party . JACK : I only see Council Guard . Where are the dead guys from the other side ? JIMBO : They must have dragged ' em away after . JACK : Well , who-who do you think did this ? It was an army of Yellow Ties . Second Sun . That 's why they were celebrating . DRIFTER : Mary , wait ! ( Breathing Heavily ) JIMBO : Oh , man . Oh . DRIFTER : When I saw my warrant , I knew there was something wrong . I just had to see it for myself . JACK : How 'd you know ? The Council already knew about my past . It didn 't make any sense for them to issue a warrant after all these years . You knew the Judges ? Yeah , they tracked me down after the last of the great cities burned . By the time they found me , I 'd already killed two of my old business partners . JACK : Why 'd you kill ' em ? DRIFTER : My company built planes , and after the crash , my partners betrayed me and sold out to the corporate militias . They took over my plant and started building bombers for the war . Whenever I heard news of a city being annihilated , I knew the plane that delivered the bombs likely had my name on it . The Council offered me a position as the tenth Judge . They needed someone on the inside who knew all the players , but I refused . I spent enough time behind a desk . I needed to get my hands dirty . So I became the first bounty killer . It 's all over . The Council 's dead . People 's hope will die with them . No , it 's not all over . We 've still got one more job to do . The Second Sun . ( Gun Cocks ) Ah , shit . Francis . Hello , Catherine . What , you know her ? CATHERINE : It 's a shame you didn 't stick around to watch your company fulfill its potential when we merged with Second Sun . Oh , I 've been watching you for some time and hunting you . And I am sorry about putting the bounty on your head . It wasn 't very nice , I know , but it was necessary . Oh , you 're not sorry . You 'd stab your own mother in the back to increase your bottom line . Or husband . Ex-husband . Are you disturbed by the fact that every woman you 've ever been involved with wants to kill you ? Yeah , well , I try not to think about it . Dick-head . You should have told me . Oh . So you 're Francis' new little whore . Mary Death , everyone 's favorite bounty killer . You know , I had other plans , but seeing you here today , well - ( Laughs ) That changes everything . I 'll blame the death of the Council on you . The people will lose their faith in bounty killers . The system crumbles , and then Second Sun moves in promising a better life . Exactly . Honey , you are smarter than you look . It 's a shame we didn 't meet under different circumstances . We might have gotten along . If circumstances were different , you would already be dead . Maybe . Or maybe not . Get your damn hands off her ! Hey ! Button your lip , short dick . The boss doesn 't like it when people interrupt her . I got you covered , Catherine . Raah ! Gypsies ! ( Gypsies Yelling ) You need to get out of here . And where 's the fun in that ? I didn 't think they 'd follow me across the Badlands . They 're here for me , aren 't they ? Come on , listen . We can let ' em kill each other , and I can get you out of here . No . This ends right here , all of it . ( Knife Stabs ) ( Groans ) JACK : Stop getting shot ! Sorry to do this to you , Jimbo . But it 's better than you getting shot a third time . ( Screams ) ( Gasps ) Great job , Jack . Get me bullets , guns , whatever you got . I 'm out . DRIFTER : Jack , I 'm out . You 're doing great , kid . JACK : Thanks ! Just stay by my left , and we 'll get through this . JACK : Yeah . I can get that guy . Reload ! Shit . ( Yelling ) ( Laughs ) No ! Living among the outsiders has made you weak . You used to be great . That 's why the king picked you . He actually thought you were better than me . They all did . Now that my king will be avenged , I 'll return with your head and show them all why I 've always been the true queen . And this is how you die ... as a whore for the Council . - ( Groans ) - I 'd rather die a whore . God . ( Tent Rustling ) JACK : No ! Whoa ! Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Stop ! Stop ! Relax . Mary , let go . Let go . It 's okay . They 're not gonna hurt you , okay ? ( Laughs ) You okay ? ( Gasps ) JACK : Oh . These guys actually aren 't all that bad , especially since you killed their queen . They 're like Where 's Drifter ? He 's gone . They , uh - They took him . Uh , I didn 't stay with him ... like I promised . I didn 't either . I never do . He protects me , and all I ever do is let him down . JACK : Hey , no , no , no , no . It 's gonna be okay . - No . - We 're gonna be okay . We 're gonna go save him . Oh , really ? How ? You and me against whatever the fuck Second Sun has waiting for us ? We would need an entire army . No , listen , you don 't understand . It 's over , Jack , okay ? I couldn 't even handle a small band of Yellow Ties , 'cause I 'm too busy in my own fucking world just being distracted and - - Sorry . It 's just that you need to shut up , okay ? You killed their queen . This is your army . MARY : Jack ... where do we go ? We have no idea where Second Sun is . Uh , well ... I caught a small fish . You did what ? I caught a small fish . Come here . STERLING : Dude , get me down . To catch a big shark . ( Gypsies Whooping ) I 'm not telling you anything . Jack ... you really are one hell of a gun caddy . ( Classical Music Playing ) ( Overlapping Conversations ) Welcome back . ( Conversations Inaudible ) ( Conversations Resume ) What the ... CATHERINE : You 're confused . You have a slight concussion , but you 'll survive . Where am I ? We 're in your new office . Cigar ? I rolled them myself . I remember how much you liked them on our honeymoon in Havana . Fuck you , Catherine . Maybe later . I 'll cut to the chase . That stack of papers on your desk is a contract . Should you choose to sign it , you 'll be reinstated as CEO of Gorman Enterprises . I 'll have a controlling interest , but you 'll be the face of the company . You just issued a death warrant for me , and now you want to I never intended to kill you , Francis . The Council , yes . That tart , Mary Death , obviously ... but never you . Mm-mm . No . I have much bigger plans for you ... for us . What the fuck are you talking about ? Don 't you see ? The apocalypse was the greatest business opportunity that 's ever come our way . It was the ultimate bankruptcy , a clean slate , and now with no government to stand in our way , there 's no unions , no minimum wage and no taxes . It 's pure capitalism . We won 't just corner the free market , Francis . We 'll own it . That 's not capitalism , Catherine . It 's the wacked-out ramblings of a woman who 's lost her bloody mind . I 've lost my mind ? You 're the one riding around with a bag of guns playing vigilante cowboy . Although , actually I must thank you for that . You see , you and your little girlfriend were out there eliminating our competition , so , in the end , your efforts simply sped up our schedule . Run this company with me , Francis . It 's the only thing you 've ever been good at . ( Classical Music Playing ) Are you coming on to me ? Is that what this is all about ? You know , ' cause I 'm not adverse to a quick romp on the desk if that 's what you 're saying . ( Screaming , Gunfire ) ( Classical Music Playing ) I don 't want to fuck you , Francis . I just want you to build this empire with me . I want you to lead our army as we set out to conquer the world , as our brand warrior and CE - - ( Knock On Door ) We are in a meeting ! ( Workers Screaming ) How the hell did you get in ( Dialogue Inaudible ) MARY : You talk too much . Now , I would have said , " Meeting 's adjourned . " You clean up nice . You look like shit , fender bunny . You got a gun for me ? Nope , but I do . Good to see you , kid . You guys gonna keep smooching , or you want to go shoot some people ? ( Music Playing ) ♪ Well , I heard and I 've been told ♪ ♪ Of the things that you could do ♪ ♪ Well , that you think nobody else ♪ ♪ Can do half as good as you ♪ ♪ Uhh ♪ ♪ I heard that you shake that thing well ♪ - Jack , I 'm out . - * Just want to know ♪ ♪ Are you ready ? ♪ ♪ Are you ready ? ♪ ♪ Are you ready ? ♪ ♪ Ohh * - ( Gun Clicks ) ♪ Let 's get on with it ♪ ♪ Let 's get on with it ♪ ♪ Let 's get on with it ♪ ♪ Let 's get on with it ♪ ♪ Let your tears fall in line ♪ ♪ Well , why don 't you just let ' em fly ? ♪ ♪ Baby , just ' em fly ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Hit it now ♪ ♪ All right ♪ ♪ You looking good , woman ♪ ♪ That 's it , sugar ♪ ♪ Whaah ♪ ♪ It 's all right tonight ♪ ♪ Yes ♪ ♪ Lookit here ♪ Reload ! ( Music Fades ) Mary ! Mary ! You 're welcome . No ! Mary , wake up . Wake up , Mary . Please don 't die . JACK : Come on . ( Taps Metal ) ( Jack Laughs ) You scared me , fender bunny . Sometimes it pays for a girl to be practical . ( Chuckles ) Are you hurt ? I don 't know . I can 't feel anything . How do I look ? Better than the other guy . ( Jack Laughs ) Her head is , like , just gone . ( Music Playing ) JACK : How long they been up there ? JIMBO : Heh . Two weeks . ♪ Let 's go ♪ ( Engine Revs ) She still don 't sound mean enough . Well , no wonder . Who taught you how to install a distributor ? JACK : I bolted it on . Takes more than just bolting it on , lug-head . You gotta retard the sparks four degrees . Otherwise , it throws the timing off . JACK : I think you 're just making words up . You saved me from them gypsies . That 's a deed that shouldn 't go unrecognized . This is your last beer . It 's your last beer now . Thanks , Jimbo . - ( Revs Engine ) - Hear that ? Oh , that tastes like boobies . How 's the car ? JIMBO : It 's ready to go . Old Jack here bought the best pony in my stable . She 's mean enough to outrace the devil . Nice job , boys . ( Engine Idling ) Did you get anything else out of the fish ? Gutted the flounder pretty good . Told us there were Second Sun everywhere , and then he gave up a base on the Philly coast . All right . I 'll rendezvous with the gypsies and meet you in Philadelphia . - ( Revs Engine ) - Thought we were all going together . ( Groans ) Take care of him for me . ( Tires Skid ) DRIFTER : Damn it , woman ! You cut me deep ! Aqain ! Come and get me , old man . ♪ Bounty ♪ ♪ Bounty killer 's gonna get ya ♪ ♪ Bounty ♪ ♪ Bounty killer 's gonna get ya ♪ ♪ I want to die in your arms ♪ ♪ Have you slay me in your bed tonight ♪ ♪ Killer ♪ ♪ ' Cause there 's a war going on ♪ ♪ And I don 't want to see the morning light ♪ ♪ Take me to paradise ♪ ♪ Please make my death slow ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ I want to come until I go ♪ ♪ Bounty ♪ ♪ Bounty killer 's gonna get ya ♪ ( New Song Playing ) ♪ Mushroom clouds leave me so blind ♪ ♪ The sweet smoke fills my lungs of fear ♪ ♪ Searching for a love I can 't find ♪ ♪ As you appear ♪ ♪ Black rains clear ♪ ♪ Loving me ♪ ♪ To leave again ♪ ♪ Cutting me ♪ ♪ I bleed , and then ♪ ♪ My only defense ♪ ♪ Is love I 've built ♪ ♪ To fight until ♪ ♪ My heart is filled ♪ ♪ Stop this war and hold me still ♪ ♪ Leave me sore with each thrill ♪ ♪ Shake my core ♪ ♪ Calm my chills ♪ ♪ Love me more ♪ ♪ Than the kill ♪ - Hey . - Oh , no . Hee hee . Sorry . ( Laughter ) Oh , teach that psycho bitch , you cunt . - Back . - ( Laughter ) - That is so going in the blooper . - I was ... Billy Bloom . ( Laughter ) - You stole it ? - From gypsies . Who the fuck is this ? ( Laughs ) - Hi . What the fuck are you laughing about ? Jack LeMans . - Keep going . They 're rolling . - Sorry . It 's - Pull it together , man ! - I 'm sorry . Where the fuck did you He 's my - He 's my gun caddy . What the fuck is this ? Sorry . ( Laughter ) Sorry . You 're killing me . - Okay . Sorry . Okay . - Okay . Mark . ( Metal Clatters ) I 'm sorry . Can we do ... ( Laughter ) Wow . Shift , and - ( Laughter ) - And lift . - Mmm . - ( Beep ) Oh , that tastes like a birthday . ( Beep ) Oh , that tastes like Christmastime . ( Beep ) Oh , that tastes like boobies . ( Beep ) That tastes like a bazooka . Oh . - ( Beep ) - Oh , that tastes like a springtime meadow . Drifter ! There , you cunt . ( Laughter ) So that wasn 't a good move for you , was it ? ( Laughter ) ♪ Stop this war ♪ ♪ Hold me still ♪ ♪ Leave me sore with each thrill ♪ ♪ Shake my core ♪ ♪ Calm my chills ♪ ♪ Love me more ♪ ♪ Than the kill ♪ ♪ If when all is said and done ♪ ♪ The next time never comes ♪ ♪ I know you were the only one ♪ ♪ Held hostage by ♪ ♪ Your hottest gun ♪ ♪ Stop this war ♪ ♪ Leave me sore ♪ ♪ Shake my core ♪ ♪ Calm my chills ♪ ♪ Love me more ♪ ♪ Than the kill ♪
