 Beloved husband and father - It 's time . - Is the record ready ? - Yes . - How detailed is it ? - I left a few things out . - Good . Keeping you anonymous is the best way to keep you safe . The navigator needs to have enough to go on . He needs to insert you , before they find the tipping point . Do you understand ? Better than anyone . December 19th . December 19 ... December , December ... 19 2003 . December 19 , 2003 . Hi there let every heart ... prepare ... Do you guys have Bluebird root beer ? We sure do . I 'll be right back with that . Thank you . December 19 , 2003 . I shall endeavor in this ghostly little book ... both to entertain and inform . I say ghostly because I see it being read aloud . to many grandchildren , with its pages worn reeking of the echos of ages past . Saints and angels sing . We wish you a merry Christmas , we wish you a Merry Christmas ... We wish you a Merry Christmas ... and a happy ... My name is Horatio Astaire Biggs . A name lavishly placed upon me by my wonderful mother . I begun many diaries ... and I presumptuously begin again because today is a great tipping point in my life . Congress , faced partly on my recommendation , has just approved a wild sum of money for a very special science project and I ... And I think I 've just fallen in love . - Hey , did you want a ... - No , I 'm good , thanks . It 's taken a long time to get to this point . I 'm absolutely whipped and there 's no going back for me . But despite appearances , Sally is holding something back . I know she wants to let herself really love me . Only time will tell for sure , I guess . But to me us being apart would be like defying the law of gravity or something . She 's afraid . It find it very charming that Sally has convinced herself that she 's in control of our relationship . - Wait . - Horatio Astaire Biggs . - Are you , Are you ... Are you drawing a similarity between my name ... - Horatio and Mr Darcy ? " ... Which sparkled in the light that shown of the Ghost of Christmas past . " " It matters little , she said softly to you , very little .. " " Another idol has displaced me . " " What idol is displaced you ? he rejoined " . " Joe drop that oil on the blankets now ! " " His blankets ? " , says Joe . " Whose else , do you think ? Replied the woman . He isn 't likely to take on without them . " " I dare say that he is dead . " We 're going to give H. G. Wells ' " Time Machine - " another chance . You will like it . " You know , of course , that a mathematical line , a line of thickness nil , has no real existence . " " They taught you that ? Neither has a mathematical plane . " " These things are mere abstractions . " " That is alright , said the psychologist . " " Nor having only length , breadth and thickness ... " I do find you the most attractive woman I 've ever met , and I thought so from the moment I first laid eyes upon you . In fact , that night , I started designing our wedding band . " So , most people think , but wait a moment Can an instantaneous cube exist ? " Don 't follow you , Said Filby . " Keep going . " Clearly , the time traveler proceeded ... " Christmas Eve 2004 . I 'm going to propose tonight . This is the tipping point . The future hinges on her answer . - Navigator . I need the earliest safe solution . Intercept third kind . On the girl . The girl ? ooh . Even better ! Prepare crews to Section 5 . Initiating new target track . Compiling record . Guys , guys . Please . Yes ? - Hi , Sally . - Hi ! Hey Sally ! Can we make ourselves at home or ... ? Oh no , what do you want with me ? Guys , guys . We have to understand the lines . Yeah , well , we are British . British is the Queen 's language It is the Old English . This is gonna be lame . We have to just sell tickets to the rehearsals . The tip of the tongue ! The tip of the tongue , the leap ... No ! The tip , the tip of the tongue . The leap . Thank you , Sally so much . I know this is a huge pain , especially when they 're so awful . It 's no problem , they are kind of entertaining . Are you sure you 're going to be alright tonight ? Yeah . I 'll be fine . I 'm going straight to bed . No worries . Are you sure ? Yeah , yeah . Get out of here . Go . Go . Go ... - See you later . Ok . - Bye . We wish you a Merry Christmas ... We wish you a Merry Christmas ... We ... . ... wish you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year ... The tidings ... Okay , pumpkin love , it 's your move , baby . Thanks , Joanne . Online . Another windy , cold day , just how I like it , at the beach . Our yearly pilgrimage to the firemen 's memorial turned out to pretty bizarre . So I 'm going to pan up the flagpoles here Now , you might get some young meteorologist to tell you that this is some kind of land-sea wind thing . But I 've been coming here ... Yes ? Sally , they 're waiting for you downstairs . Well , they 're an hour early , so they 're going to have to wait . Okay . I 'll let them know . You guys are total nerds . We 've narrowed it down to 50 possibilities . Some are reiterations of important dates , keywords in his personal life . Analysts say there is 58 % chance that the correct password in the top 10 on the list . 80 % chance it 's in the top 30 . And not put any pressure on you or anything , but it 's been about five years of work to get to this point . And if we don 't catch him now , we probably never will . - So how many tries do I get ? - Three . If we do not get it in three , the account will execute a permanent lockout and it will alert the account holder that someone has been trying to break in . That 's amazing . Is she psychic or something ? Probability low . Target lock impossible . Exactly who was that put this record together ? it 's classified . Continue the trace , please . Hello , I saw an old friend of yours afternoon . - Oh , really ? Who was it ? - Guess . How can I ? Oh tut , don 't I know ? - Was it Mr. Scrooge ? - It was Mr. Scrooge , indeed . I passed by his office window . I could scarcely help but see him . You know , I hear his partner is close to death . He never settled on . Quite alone in the world , I do believe . Spirit , take me from this place . I told you . These were shadows of things that had been . But they are what they are . Do not blame me . Alright . That 's good work . Very good work . Yes , that 's good for the night . I 'm out of this place . Here . - What 's this ? - Just Horatio 's old stuff . - Well , you should be keeping this . - Oh , no , I 've got tons of stuff . Boxes and boxes . Why doesn 't Sally want to keep any of Horatio 's stuff ? Well , I think she 's going through a hard time . and ... When she was younger than you her father died . And now Horatio . Come on . Thank you for seeing me . I really appreciate that . Not at all . Not at all . Here we are in the house of the Air and Space Museum . Where we prepare artifacts for exhibit . And sometimes we find a ghost or two . Well , here it is . We of course removed it from the floor immediately when it was discovered and replaced it with a replica . It 's either a bizarre prank or an unusual attempt at some free press . As you can see , it 's completely embedded in the propeller ... absent of any visible signs of entry . So , how can you be sure it happened on March 17 ? I oversaw some of the cleaning crews getting ready for the St. Patty 's day crowd . We saw a few reporters and police out here the day it happened . And now suddenly we get a visit from the FBI ! Are you just nine months late or Is there some renewed interest in our little mystery ? I 'm just late , I guess . Can you show me where it was originally found ? Right this way . Gallery 208 ... pioneers of flight . Okay , I 'm stripes . I played these dumb boys for money last week . I cleaned them out . How about this : How about if I win , no more pool unless it 's with your dad . - And you 've never played before ? No . - It 's a deal ! No cheating . good . So I hit the solid ones , right ? Not bad . You 're going to keep your end of the bargain , right ? No tricks , Trudy ? Target lock impossible . Probability low . Record accuracy questionable . Progress report , Navigator . Gravity is about where we need it , but I can 't get reliable lock . - Explain . - Probability 's too low . Target behavior is statistically improbable . Human Performance outside normal parameters . Target lock impossible . Its probability low . There 's something funny about this record . I don 't quite trust from the data I 've got . I 'm going to try new variation . Applying new behavioral algorithm Teleutaios . Reanalyzing record . So I hit the solid ones , right ? - How many tries do I get ? - Three . How many tries do I get ? Algorithm success . Target is rift born . Class 1 - You lucky ! - What are you talking about ? Are you trying to kill me ? Warning . Visualization overload . Her record has been amended to protect her from hostile intercepts . She is an extremely high valued target . She is not just a high valued target . She is a 95er . Visualization overload . This is going to take some time . No pun intended . And there was like this one weird guy who all like ... " Dude , check out the pregnant lady . She rocks ! . " Yeah . Totally . OK , I will . Love you too , Daddy . Good night . Well , I 'm going to watch my show in bed , ok ? Ok . The guest room is all ready for you . - Okay , good night . - Good night , sweetie . Change your mind ? Trudy ? Trudy , do you need anything ? No , I 'm good . Oh , come on ! Horatio ? Gravity decreasing . - What is that ? - Just a little decoration for your big fancy new office here . How 'd you get this thing , anyway ? - It 's all about the timing , Jerry . Where did you get that cute laptop ? Oh , yeah , it 's standard issuing for the FBI these days . You know , we 're the kinder , gentler agency . - Really ... . - What you got ? - What does this look like to you ? - Coordinates . Yeah , coordinates . but you see any kind of relationship , any pattern going on ? So , if you start and go right way and connect the dots , I think you can make a reindeer . See ? That 's his nose , those are his antlers . I think it 's's Rudolph . Target locked . Interception available . Adjacent time lines.-Alright then . - What 's my entry locust ? - You 'll be splashing through . - 1 of 4 office workers in the building . The COC people are bringing appropriate clothing - And ID right now . - What about an explosion ? - What kind of an explosion ? - I don 't know . but does forensics have software that can calculate these points ? And see if it 's consistent with a typical blast pattern ? - Yeah , sure . But can it calculate the origin ? Yeah , we could give it a shot . Temporal coefficient calculated . Alert . Defense condition minimal . Content breech of reactor 8 . - Send me now ! Trojan is in the fire ! Look out for foes . - Great ! How soon can you have it done ? - Well , I got a hot date tonight - - So if I get started tomorrow . Is that soon enough ? - How about yesterday ? - Okay , boss . Oh , the sample you gave me , from the Air and Space Museum ? - Yeah ? Root beer ! - Well , that 's it then . - KTDE offline . Alert . Defense condition minimal . I guess she 's going to have to watch out for enemies . All hands to battle stations . Defense condition ... Sir , I 'll have your lunch in just a few minutes . And your One o 'clock is here Special Agent Biggs . Send her in . Agent Biggs . Please have a seat . - So , how are you ? - Super . Although I am a little curious as to why I 'm here . I think my evaluation is in July ? Well , being new around here I wanted to get to know everybody . But I was especially eager to chat with you . I 've heard about you even before I read your file . - Well , here I am . - Yes you are . So , tell me about yourself . I am 5 ' 7 " , cute Gemini . Multiple accommodations , youngest new female agent in 20 years ... expert marksman , unusually gifted in interrogation , code breaking undercover ops , pursuit ... - Knitting . - Knitting ? So , when is your baby due , if you don 't mind me asking . - Oh . In about a month . - Do you know the gender ? - A boy . - A boy . I hope you do not mind if I have a bite or two . Oh , no problem . You know this is great stuff , but they never put enough salt on it . But I always keep some stashed away . I always keep some stashed away . Just a second , sir , I don 't think you want that much salt . Sharp eyes ! Thank you . So ... Tell me what you 're working on . Well ... Seeing as I 'll be on maternity leave soon , I haven 't had a real case in months . But I 've been helping out the other departments quite a bit . I 'm working on a few side projects Tell me about your side projects . Oh , nothing . Just looking into some suspicious activities here and there . Sometimes where there 's smoke , there 's fire . Affirmative . However , I 'm sure that you can understand that it 's my job to make sure that many hours spent have tangible results . Accomplishing specific national security goals , making arrests , etc . Now , is that likely to happen if you 're chasing ghosts and UFOs ? Well , first , I have to learn Martian , so I can read them their rights . Now , is that likely to happen if you 're chasing ghosts and UFOs ? Well , It is possible the phenomena I 've been tracking are some way connected . As you know , you 're extremely valuable to the Bureau . If you like , I 'd be more than happy to approve a early leave for you . You know , prepare the nest and such . I appreciate that , sir . It 's not a bad idea . I 'll let you know . The date March 17th . Does that have any special significance for you ? I noticed it written on a map in your office several times . That 's the day my husband died . Yes , of course . I noticed it written on a map in your office several times . St. Patrick 's Day ? I 've got a bit of the Irish in me . Will that be all , sir ? Agent Biggs ... We can not let personal issues affect our work at the Bureau . I strongly recommend that you consider going on early leave . Thank you , sir . Answer me this one question - is this the shadow of things that will be or the shadow of things that may be , only ? Tell me , spirit , am I that man who lays in the bed ? Oh . No ! No ! - No ! - Excuse me . Oh , yeah . Sally ! You can come out now . Sorry we chased you away . Good afternoon , Mrs. Biggs , this is Dr. Gupal . I 'm very sorry to leave this message on your machine , - but I 'm going out of town with my family . I am afraid tests came back positive . A lot of progress has been made in this area , and more will be made in the future . What was that about ? - My baby might have cystic fibrosis . - What 's cystic fibrosis ? Well , your great-aunt Margaret died in it when she was very young . But they do not know yet for sure , right ? That is so ironic , that it 's genetic . Mr. Biggs left quite a legacy . Alright , Sally . No . This baby is going to need 24 / 7 attention I 'm a single parent . My mother is senile . My father is dead . I have no siblings . But they do not know for sure , and you have us . How many more people are going to be chained up because of my idiot husband ? I ... I never wanted to get married . I never wanted children . I didn 't even want any friends . I don 't see the value , as Horatio used to say . Sally , there 's value right there . Like I need Horatio 's help for a baby . I have always been in control of my life . More than anyone could even comprehend . And now , for the first time in my life I have bills I can not pay . It 's a really bad deal ! But what are you gonna do ? You 're going to live in fear ? You 're never going to weave anybody into your life ? You 're never gonna make choices that matter ? I remember the day I let it happen . What happened ? And what day ? The day I let myself fall in love . It was about a year after we met . Christmas Eve . He wanted me to meet him , at this little place in Annapolis . Actually , the same restaurant he was in when he first saw me . I wasn 't even sure why I went down there . He was going to propose and I knew that if I went in the restaurant , I 'd say yes . So I just sat there . And I was about to tell the cab driver to take me to the airport when this blind guy got in . He must have thought it was available or something . Oh , is this taken ? - Uh ... No , it 's okay . It was kind of funny , so I just got out of the cab , and let him have it . And then I went in the restaurant . And the rest is history . So it 's the blind , man 's fault you got married ? It wasn 't anybody 's fault ! You made a choice , and you made the right one . Who ... how do you know that ? Because I know my brother ! And he loved you . Then why did that arrogant bastard get himself killed and leave me alone ? and leave me alone ? and leave me alone ? Because I know my brother ! And he loved you . - What 's that noise ? - What noise ? You don 't hear that ? Sally , what 's the matter ? Who 's that ? Who 's who ? The guy hanging ... You didn 't see anything ? Like what ? What is it ? You don 't see a guy on a ladder hanging Christmas lights ? No . Do you ? It 's Horatio . Okay , Sally , come on . Let 's go inside , Sally . Hey ! Sally ? I think I 'm going crazy . I think I 'm going crazy . Hold on before I smell the cake ! Sally ? You know , they never did find his body . Jerry , this is Sally . Come meet me in my office as soon as you get this , alright ? Sally , I didn 't expect to see you here today . Go ahead take it to my office . What are you doing ? Just making some changes , while you are on maternity leave . I 'm not on maternity leave . I said I would think about it . I was hoping that your tardiness was indicative of your decision . But either way , as of right now you are on maternity leave . This is insane . I demand you put that down immediately . Sally , that 's government property . Sorry Sally . There is no reason to do this . Look , Sally , I 'm trying to save your job . If the people above me read the same psych evaluation ... that I read , you won 't have a job when you get back . You 'll be assigned to some freak consultant list . Now you get your things . You go on home . And I don 't want to see you around here for a couple of months . Come on , Sally , enjoy your time off . The director 's been after me all morning . What you got ? Alright , here are your dots . And you neglected to tell me that one of them was down the street from my house . It 's a little unsettling , don 't you think ? Tell me about it . So , what are they , Sally ? The dots represent really , really strange phenomena . - Verified ? Mostly yes. and there a ton of them up and down the East Coast . Most are recent ... but I 've actually traced them back a couple hundred years . It sounds crazy , but I 'm convinced that a handful of them have to do with Horatio . The ones I gave you appeared on the day he died , March 17 this year . Ok . Well , you 're right . These are consistent with a typical blast pattern , but it 's something ... something odd is happening . Normally when the program runs , it looks for factors like wind resistance , gravity , aerodynamics ... things like that . But these coordinates , they don 't work , unless you take all those factors out . It 's like a bomb that went off in another dimension . So we have an approximate center . - I need exact location . I just want to get to the center of it . Ok . I 'm locked out ? What ? It 's like a bomb that went off in another dimension . Is this how you are connected to the rest of the building ? Yeah , why ? I 'll give it back later . I need exact location . - Are you alright ? - Come on , let 's go ! Ok , ok. this is not exactly college math here . College Algebra . This is complex stuff . I need longitude and latitude . Special Agent Gerald Mackenzie . Cease all operations immediately and report ... It 's a little early for postpartum , don 't you think ? Longitude and latitude , Jerry . Okay , it 's coming . Here it is . Jessie , stop what you 're doing . Get it . I want you in my office ... Not even you can get out of here Sally . So , ghosts and UFOs are classified now ? - Yours are . - Guess I 'll take that maternity leave . That 's a good idea , Sally . We will send you your things . She certainly got quite a morbid fascination for time and space disturbance . She 's using the paradoxes to find out where he was when he disappeared . Well , maybe we should hire her . Why didn 't you send me earlier ? Before the power loss ? Is this your first dive or something , rookie ? If probability is too low , we don 't know where the time line is , and then we can 't get a lock on her . And because she 's a 95er - She has this undo button for everything she does . Figuring out what she 's up to is - drum roll please - less probable . And then we come to gravity . This , my dear boy , is a measure of how strong out time line is at any given point . If gravity is too high , an interception is either impossible or futile . But if gravity is low enough , then the time line can be manipulated . Pumpkin love ? Gotcha . If her gravity is low , we should be able to intercept . Yes , but it can 't be so low that there 's nothing there . pardon the cliche , but my job is both an art and a science - You must understand that . You must understand that this is is more than a job , Brego . This track is everything . - I need more information ! - Who is she ? - Classified . Is Kennings after her ? It won 't be long before one of the stooges find the tipping point . - So , they want to make the big change ? - Why ? Why her ? - Classified . - I need to know for the track ! - It 's classified . Why is it so personal to you ? That 's why . This paradox all the way back to the beginning . She 's connected to it . Some day , she can prevent this . Now get me that track ! December 19 , 2003 . I chased the carolers the street and started singing with them . Will we become Queen Victoria and Prince Albert a ? Bonnie and Clyde or Scrooge and Marley ? Christmas Eve 2004 . I 'm going to propose tonight . This is the tipping point . Married today . Checkmate ! Happy . Quantum theory says that we can 't be sure of the ... most mysterious and impossible barrier of all in the quantum treasury ... A law ? A force ? A special kind of particle , that we haven 't discovered ? Mistress Pandora , will weigh in at about 12 ... 12,000 .. I have never met or even heard of the projects of Mr. JT Kennings Tub , tub , Biggs . You were a bit too hasty to surrender your queen . Who will bring you tea and rub your feet ? You know why I like to play chess with you , Biggs ? Because no one else will ? Because it makes me think . You don 't have to think too hard . You know , it was a game of chess when I was a child , that sparked some of the first and most important insights into the nature of the universe . For example , I have already predicted that this game will be comprised of a total of 89 moves , 44 of yours and 45 of mine . My victory is an inevitability . You will choose to resign in thirteen in twelve choices from now . The wonderful magnificent question is did it already happen ? And am I actually moving backwards in time ? And more to the point - was time itself ultimately irrelevant ? in the unfolding of your defeat ? Was that the beginning of the first law ? Yes . But as we know , the closer you get to the thirteenth move , ... your ability to change your mind and defeat me , in , say eleven moves , becomes increasingly less likely . and it becomes infinitely less likely for you defeat me in eleven moves . the twelfth move , extrapolate that curve and we see that you are almost certainly moving in one specific direction through time and space . And that , my dear Biggs , is the great injustice of the universe . Here we have a scientist who speaks of quantum theories as friends and enemies not as scientific ideas , yet to be proven . August 12 , 2007 . This day everything changes . I was on my usual round in the tube - I was so on fire with ideas the realization of what we built . See you later . When I stammered out my discovery to Kennings , he laughed and said , " Oh , Biggs We are here in the people business here . " I had always thought my " Neil Armstrong " moment - was going to be in a lab , looking at screens . I thought Kennings musings on time and space were supposed to be just playful imagination I thought I would end up as all well-known physicist - and ... and engineer , not a legend . I got quite a shock tonight when Sally quoted Isaac Newton , to me ! " Gravity explains the motions of the planets - But cannot explain who sets the planets in motion She says I 've become maniacal in my work She says my playmates and I are building machines , ... - .. so we can play God And this coming from the biggest .. control freak in the galaxy ... we are now officially ESTRANGED October 22 , 2009 . We 've been going through the motions for a while now emotional tirades been pretty predictable But something quite unpredictable happened today . Who played Georgie in the 1949 film " The Inspector General " ? That has to be Danny Kaye ? - Ok . The cellular energy transfer molecule known ATP - What does that stand for - Adenosine triphosphate . When did Tyrannosaurus Rex roam the earth ? - Was it ... - Cretaceous . Give me a hard one . Okay ... What calibers of handgun ammunition are known to induce hydrostatic shock in living targets ? I do not know . Your turn . When a parachuter 's speed is constant during a free fall , he or she ... - Terminal velocity . - Nice . Which famous aviator disappeared mysteriously ... Amelia Earhart . - On the electromagnetic spectrum ... - Red . Tanzania . December 25 , 1776 . Come on , give me a hard one . That would be ... Mr. Shelley 's wife . I 've always known that Sally is a little unusual . She is inhumanly punctual as if time is on her schedule and not the other way around . She is a perfect marksman , which has become something of novelty among her colleagues at the FBI . She 's never been in a traffic accident . She does a lot of cooking ... though she leaves the cleanup to me , even if I 'm gone weeks at a time , But I 've never seen her drop a dish . Could it be that I 'm married to a living specimen ... of the things I am theorizing about in my work ? Professing romance and reconciliation ... I invited her out to a nice restaurant . Little did she know she was part of a little experiment . I pretended to get a little tipsy , but with a secret mission in my mind To break every dish I could . Of all things Sally hates to be part of a scene she can 't control ... especially in public , but I was determined . I went for the wine glass , salad bowl - the dinner plate , even the waiter . But amazingly so , Sally was ready for me . I couldn 't break anything . Maybe she is psychic , maybe I 'm drunk , - Or maybe these dishes are crashing on the ground . Which I admit , is the craziest of the three possibilities . I used to joke that the most dangerous and unpredictable variable in my equations was my crazy wife . How right I was . All the math points to the necessity for - a residue of time broken lines . A ghost , an echo - meaning that I should be able to find the piece of the dish that had broken , and yet hadn 't And of course before dinner I made sure we were using dishes that had never been in that restaurant before . I 'm calling these ghosts " Paradoxes of the second kind . " theoretically , Pandora could also create paradoxes of the 7th kind . - Making possible Sally 's unusual relationship with time . But frankly I don 't have time to think about Sally . This could all be hogwash . We have to prove that chrono tons exist in the first place , and there 's only one way to do that . Sally 's despondency has given away to regular volleys of rage and discontent even though I 'm almost never home . What 's the value of marriage to someone like me ? My gifts , my talents , my intellect can benefit human kind most doing what I 'm doing . She needs to be studied , but later . Right now she is in the way . It 's not fair of me to hold her love captive . I 'm a scientist , right ? Aren 't I supposed to be removing dangerous and unpredictable variables from my life ? - Hi , Sally . - Hi . - Looks like you 've been crying . - Yeah . Me too . Rehearsals at my house were a disaster . You know , actors just don 't behave themselves unless there is an FBI agent . Power restored . Mom and I thought we could take you out to lunch . - Don 't you have school ? - School 's out . I guess I lost track of time . Gravity fluctuating . Low grid target lock only - KTDE online . - Target acquired . Go , go ! Engine 's come online and I 'm detecting a bogey . - Then hurry ! - 1 , 4 and 6 aberrant intercept Warning . Will you go see who that is , sweetie ? - Ok , - How are things going ? - I don 't know . preparing to fire . Report collateral paradox . TSCP efficient . Warning . Interception detected . Some guy in a suit . aberrant intercept ... Deflection Risk rising . Intercept threatened . Warning. fluctuating gravity Paige , Trudy , we got to go out the back now ! - Go . Move it out the back , now ! - Oh , My God . - What are you doing ? - I don 't know . Trudy , get down ! 9872 Willow brook Lane , armed intruders. get out ! Call 911 . Just do it ! - What are you doing ? - Get down ! Who are you ? I said who are you ? Does this have anything with Horatio Biggs ? Sally , behind you ! Behind you ! Who are you ? Who sent you ? What is this all about ? Talk to me ! I said , talk to me ! 9 seconds , right ? Still too much gravity . Track lost . - What happened ? - The enemies got there first . - Reacquire the target ! - Yes , Sir . So you know who they were ? Yes . What 's that ? Just a second . Sir , if you have something to tell me , I need to know now . I just injected myself with the antidote to the gas you 've been breathing since you entered the car . No , don 't worry , it 's not toxic . It 's just going to put you sleep . - What ? I just injected myself ... Sally ? - Mom , what 's happening ? - Is she okay ? It 's Ok . I 'll take care of her . I just injected myself ... injected myself with an antidote . It 's empty . Why ? I 'm taking you to a top secret location . You can 't know where that is . I 'm your friend , Sally . Your friend . Get up , Sally . You have to get up ! We are running out of time . Agent Biggs . Agent Biggs . Agent Biggs , are you alright ? I am terribly sorry to have to bring you here this way . But this location has the highest classification rating . And frankly , blindfolds are kind of old-fashioned . Where are we ? Where your husband used to work . Is this ... where he died ? There was a terrible explosion . What is this place ? You 've been tracking strange phenomena for some time now . They seem to appear in patterns - similar to last night , correct ? - Yes . They are explosions , Agent Biggs . Explosions in time-space , also called paradoxes . They occur when someone changes the past or the future for that matter . This thing is a time machine ? Well , supposedly there is no such thing as time . It 's more about mass , gravity , particles . I don 't eally understand the whole thing , but when a change is made fragments of what was , blast out and they show up t in the real world as " happenings " , like Blue birds flying over Antarctica . Sometimes we get fragments that are clearly connected to the person or event at the center of the paradox such as a cap of a root beer bottle . Now , Horatio Biggs was killed while conducting the first tests on the engine . Right down there . This is all very hard to believe . You see ghosts , don 't you ? Come on , let 's put our cards on the table , Agent Biggs . Yes , I see his ghost . Echos , Sally . They probably already lost self-awareness , and eventually they will dissipate completely . But they are echos of a time line that might have been . The machine is actually very safe . Unfortunately , your husband thought he knew better than to follow the safety protocols . If you got a time machine , why don 't you do not go back to save him ? Oh , we tried , but changes in time are generally extremely hard to make . Your husband was a very prideful and stubborn man . That makes it very hard to dislodge his time line - And for the similar reasons , the men who attacked your home failed to kill you . A very straightforward approach on their part , but you had too much gravity . You 're saying they 're from the future ? Look , what I 've told you is the tip of the tip of the iceberg . I can 't really say much more , only that it amounts to a major threat to national security , and puts your life and your happiness at risk . Why me ? Partly because of your connection to Horatio Biggs . Partly because of your investigation , Which , I so rudely interrupted . You 've been looking at Horatio 's death as the beginning of your troubles ... What do you know about my relationship with Horatio ? Enough to know it was a disaster . This is ridiculous . I don 't believe in time travel anyway . Yes , do you , Agent Biggs . You 've believed in time travel since you were a little girl . And I 'm guessing you 've fantasized about going back in time more than just a few seconds . Yes , I know . Here , put this on your arm . Go on . Now ... - Do you have a solution ? - I think I know where she is but gravity is too high for an intercept . - Hers ? - No , the bogies . They must have been planning this for a long time . Pull all the power you need to punch me through ! We don 't have that kind of power . I have got to get in there before she gives him the tipping point . She 's just going to give it to him ? Why ? Because she wants to make the change . - She wants to get rid of Horatio ? - Horatio and the baby . - She doesn 't want them . - Well , there 's nothing I can do . Can you remember the moment when you decided to join your life with that of Mr. Biggs ? The night he proposed to me at a restaurant in Annapolis . I was sitting in a taxi outside . It was Christmas Eve , 2004 . - Do you remember about what time ? - I remember . 6 : 01 pm . Excellent . Now , don 't worry . I 'm gonna be right behind you . You can send me further upstream . Anywhere . I 'll track her on the ground . We only get one shot at this . If I send you back to when she was a little girl you could easily dead end or ricochet . I do not care ! Or you might end up being an old man before you intercept . The armband is your anchor , it will keep you in the new time . Now , whatever you do , do not take it off . - What happens if I do it ? - You 'll go flying through time - space . You may end up a day after today or you may end up a month after today , or ... nowhere at all . - She 's gone . - You can still send me upstream . Our best chance is to wait ... for her . So did that spicy food satisfy the baby ? He 's kicking a little bit more . You are so beautiful . Honey , are you okay ? I think so . - What 's your problem , lady ? - I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . - You okay ? - Let 's just go . - I don 't know ... - she 's pregnant ! I should call the cops . Let 's just go . Welcome to Christmas Eve 2004 . Pretty amazing , huh ? This is a couple hundred miles north from where we were . It 's not your typical time machine . We 're going to be visiting an event , not a date . - So which restaurant is it ? - Am I gonna see myself ? Well , if we 're lucky . It 's called Sais . hang a left here . Sally ! I remember Horatio talking about you ... the most unpredictable and dangerous variable in his equation was his crazy wife . Nice , huh ? Hey , is that you ? - Yes ! - You mentioned 6 : 01 . What happens then ? What ... what makes you decide ? This blind man got into the cab and sort of gave me a little push . - So where are we going , lady ? What are we doing here ? Well , we are approaching the tipping point . Stop the blind man . You want to stop me from marrying him ? Isn 't that what you want ? So what happens to me ? The version of me sitting right here ? You 're already thinking like a time traveler . - Answer my question . - It will be kind of like a dream . The angry , lonely Sally will go away and you 'll be left with ... Well , with the Sally that 's the right track . - What about the baby ? - Well , on the current time line , If all this mucking around with time were to stop , it most likely live a very short , painful life . Sally , you deserve the life that you want . people aren 't supposed to be trying to kill you . And you never intended for the man that you married to dump you for his job . then to leave you altogether . Sally , life is about making choices , about making better and better choices . Choices that bring more happiness and less pain into this world . Now , you are getting a rare opportunity to look at your life from a ... from a non-linear point of view . No . If you had to do it all over again , would you have done it differently ? You couldn 't take control , when your father died , but you can now . Now , I 'm not talking about redoing a few seconds . I 'm talking about a whole life . - Yes ... - I mean , was Horatio it worth ? And besides , you don 't want that baby anyway . - Yes ... - I mean , was Horatio it worth ? Sally ! Sally , wait ! Sally , wait ! Sorry . - Get out of the car ! - Sally . Out of the car ! I can 't let someone like you have a loaded gun . You should be happy . I 'm giving you the life you always wanted . Rift tide . foes have cut her anchor . Epicenter located . Cascading paradoxes approaching . - All personnel : await instructions . - Where is she going to land ? - Calculating - Rift time approaching . - Calculating time line . - Exit vector . - Calculating time line . - reentry vector . - Delta is minus 3.8 hours . - A few hours before she left . Thing 's gonna really get weird . Pass me through to the boss . - Permission is required . - Consent Alpha 17-01 Epsilon . - Secure channel opened . - Danger . - Well , hello , there . - Where am I ? - Bethesda Medical . - How did I get here ? A nice couple on the metro said you came out of nowhere - and attacked them , and then went unconscious . - How 's the baby ? - Just fine . There was a trace of sedative in your blood - - But there is no indication of any lasting effecst . - Do you know how you got that lasseration ? - No . Well , I do need some personal information Information . Your name ? - Well , hello , there . - Where am I ? - Bethesda Medical . - How did I ... What day is it ? - Friday . - What 's the date ? December 24th , Christmas Eve . It is the day that I left . - 2013 ? - Yes . - Danger. rift is approaching . - Yes , Matthew . All personnel : await instruction from your CP official . We 've failed . No . I failed . A long time ago . The rift tide is coming . There 's still a chance . She knows what she needs to do . Agent Biggs , how are you doing ? Can you just pay the taxi ? He 's waiting outside . Bill the Bureau . Kennings has picked the big day . Lucky March 17 . Of course I 'm scared out of my wits . scared out of my wits . Of course I 'm scared out of my wits . As the big day approaches , I find myself asking the objective kinds of questions scientists are supposed to ask . The kinds of questions I haven 't been asking for a long time . Question one : Why does Sally have such a flexible relationship with time ? My best theory is that a major event in her life , such as birth must have occured in the midst of a mass of rift in time-space A paradox of the seventh kind . Question one : Why does Sally have such a flexible relationship ... ? Question two : If there is such a rift , where is it ? I 'm not sure yet . Sally was born in an ambulance on the freeway . But I have no reason to believe that I-95 is a hotbed of strange time-space phenomena . Question three : How did this rift get created ? And here 's where my life falls apart . Timeline transmutation in progress . She 's hoping that Horatio left the location of time machine in the diary . - Brego , what 's happening ? - Her gravity is climbing a bit . But ... like a whole new timeline is taken over . In my blind arrogance , I had thought that Pandora - might be able to create paradoxes all nine kinds . Wouldn 't that be nice little story ? An eccentric scientist builds the machine that inadvertently gives his wife super powers . But the truth is ... To create a rift in time , of that magnitude it would take dozens of machines , maybe even hundreds , operaing from who knows where or when . Which means that this is not the first time machine . which explains why I have never heard of Kennings . Which means that I am no great scientist , only a willing pawn and the greatest fool who ever lived . I 'm probably only alive because Kennings sees me as his pet . With a leash foged link by link with my own pride . But as I always say , the very ink with which history is written merely fluid prejudice . There are bonds between molecules , between atoms , between quarks , between every particle . And there are bonds between the master particles . These are the bonds that make us free . Hold on to me , Matthew . We need your gravity . I have to disable the machine , at least the long-range components . I think I know where he 's going at , I can 't let him get there . If there is still a a shred of gravity between us Sally will find this diary . I would have been impervious to all this if I had loved you better , Sally . Finally I understand that that is a choice I should have made every day . ... every day . ... every day . Timeline obliteration , recorded at 18 : 01 hours . Our Sally is gone . Transmutation recorded . - Ma ? - Hold on to me . Within normal parameters ... - Gravity spike detected . Activation in progress . - Wait a minute ! - Resurgence of original timeline . - She 's going to bounce ! Calculated obliteration 9.2 hours . But Horatio didn 't leave the location of the time machine in the diary . - The what is she going to do ? - Get some help from a friend . Jerry had been trapped , but he left her a Christmas present . Her gravity 's jumped a bit . None of this is in the record . She 's going back to Horatio 's machine . How do you know ? Matthew , they 're attacking from both sides of the timeline . - Launched a counterattack . - Are we still online ? Don 't go until she 's all the way inside the complex . Reporting no solution . Brego , have we got anything ? This is ridiculous . Sally , Sally , get up . Get up , Sally ! You have to wake up ! - We are running out of time ! - She can 't hear you . Sally , you can 't just show up and stop yourself from making a major decision . Time-space won 't allow it . These things have to be done delicately . We 're losing her ! Youre going to have to go through her ! Brego , send me through her . Are you crazy ? Which one of her ? Stop ! You 're late , Sally . The rift tide must be catching up to your timeline . I guess I 'm about to be successful , uh ? It is the gravity Sally . You gave it away . We got no readings now . Just send me ! This is our last chance ! You 'll just expand the paradox . There are already three people if you give me the authorization To fire blindly , into the heart of a rift tide . - And you 're not one of them , Captain . - DANGER ! Rift tide approaching . But I am . She is ready , Brego . I 'm sorry . Is there anything you want me to tell her ? The truth . Are you alright ? Yeah . This will help with the fading , but not for long . When you 're finished , deactivate the anchor by pressing the little button . It will bring you back to within a day of right now . When I 'm finished ? What am I supposed to do ? You 'll know what to do . Wait , can they come back afterwards and stop me ? Unlikely . They tiedtoo many knots in the timeline already . Each incursiion at the same locus requires exponentially more energy , but they will try again . Some day . Time to go . Horatio Biggs used the probability paradox to disable theis machine . Its max range is only a few years now . Useless to Kennings , but enough for you . On March 17th , Kennings took Horatio to the future . - Leaving only ... - he 's alive ? And you may see him again . I can 't let someone like you have a loaded gun . You should be happy . I 'm giving you the life you always wanted . I 'm done here . Let 's get back to war . Find your exit locus . I need a pen . - Sure Do you have something to write on ? Anything . - Yeah . Write this for me . Write this for me , please ! - Ok . She 's at the airport . She loves You . Hurry . Give it to that guy in the booth over there . It 's for you . Taxi ! Well , we 're still here . Thanks . Timeline restored . So , what happens now ? That 's classified . Morning , children ! What 's today ? Today ? Is he mad ? - Today is Christmas Day ! - It 's Christmas Day ! So the spirits have all done it all in one night . Of course they did . Then I shall treasure the past live in the present and safeguard the future . Merry Christmas , everyone ! Bob ! Bob Cratchit ! The prize turkey ! We should surprise him ! Oi ! Merry Christmas everyone ! And that , my dear Biggs - is the great injustice in the universe . This is not the first time machine . I think I know where he 's going and I can 't let him get there . Everything I 've told you isthe tip of the tip of the iceberg . You 'll know what to do . The fireplace fell on top of me ... Yes ! But your improvisation was brilliant , my friend ! Mom ! - Is it time ? - Look what 's happening ! - I think so . Are you quite alright with that or ... ? Go get Sally 's overnight bag . It 's in her room . Ok ? Go . Go . Go . Okay , go inside , Sally . We 're all here for you . The car is right here . Come on ! I guess we 're having the party at the hospital . Sorry . How are we doing , pumpkin love ? Not in too much pain ? I 'm right here . I 'm right here . - Come on . Come on . - Okay , over here.We 're ok . - Okay . - Let 's go ! Let 's Go ! Let 's not have the baby on the freeway ! - Sally ? - Mom ! May water just broke . Ok , we need to get there fast . Right now . As long as you get to the hospital right now ! We 're still here . Now let 's go get your father . Report incomplete Relevant loci distribution - Outside low probability curves . Target untraceable .
