 ( music playing ) ( women vocalizing ) Alert . C.I.C. to Khara-22 . Prepare for combat . ( music continues ) KHARA : Moving target spotted , bearing 07-02 , 200 markes . Assumed to be a Briga cruiser . Colm 201 squadron , move to confirm . KHARA : Colm 201 Alpha , copy . ( automatic weapons firing ) Kiakra C.I.C. , pursuing target . Request permission to engage . Permission granted . OPERATOR : Colm 201 , sending Colm 202 and 203 for reinforcement . SECOND OPERATOR : Commander , unidentified vessel confirmed as a Briga escape shuttle . Why would a Briga pursue another Briga ? Capture the shuttle . Top priority . FIRST OPERATOR : Colm 201 Alpha , Briga escape shuttle priority . Colm 201 Alpha , copy . ( music continues ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( music ends ) ( explosion echoing ) ( wind whistling ) KHARA : Kiakra C.I.C. , Khara-22 hit . Airframe damaged . FIRST OPERATOR : Copy that , Khara-22 . Activate auto-return mode . KHARA : Auto-return mode activated . ( yawns ) Khara-22 , killed in action . Body can be renovated . Let 's consolidate casualty data and begin transfer . ( music playing ) NARRATOR : Around its blue parent planet , Gaia circles Annwn , a world at war . Once this world was controlled by eight tribes called the Garm ... Briga , Wurm , Basse , Seta , Borzoi , Zenen , Kumtak , and Columba . Each tribe had its own form and language based on its function , and they served the god who created them . However , Danaan , the Creator , left this world one day , and these tribes who were left behind began to fight each other for supremacy . After a long period of conflict , the atmosphere has been contaminated and the surface left covered in ruins . Of the eight tribes , only three , the Briga , Columba , and Kumtak , now remained . And even the Druids , said to convey the word of God , have died out . The Briga have established dominance of the surface with their military might . The Columba rule the skies by deploying mechanized units . The Kumtak have barely managed to survive by offering their superior information technology to Briga . The Briga and Columba , the two great tribes of land and air , were about to begin battle of dominance over Annwn . - ( music playing ) - ( chorus vocalizing ) ( woman vocalizing ) KIAKRA COMPUTER : Data consolidation complete . Thank you for your brave service to the Kiakra , Khara-22 . New identification code for the squadron is Khara-23 . INTERROGATOR : Type , Kumtak . I.D. code unknown . INTERROGATOR 2 : Accessing auxiliary brain . Infiltrating memory hive . INTERROGATOR 1 : Function , system analysis and interrogation , also information management . Consistent with the Kumtak information officers serving the Briga . Scan the Garm terminal access log . INTERROGATOR 2 : Last access , minus-3716 sen . His breach was minus-2517 sen . You 're telling me he 's been off the Garm network for over a thousand sens . INTERROGATOR 2 : He must be operating as a stand-alone . What about that other individual ? INTERROGATOR 2 : Type , unknown . Function , unknown . INTERROGATOR 1 : There 's a powerful firewall in the subject 's auxiliary brain . Could be a trap . Auxiliary brain manipulation is a Kumtak specialty . Try the Kumtak 's memory nest again . See what he knows about the other subject . INTERROGATOR 2 : Scanning . Extracting . INTERROGATOR 1 : Type , Druid . I.D. code unknown . - A Druid ? - A Druid ? - Impossible . - A Druid ? For the sake of argument , let 's say it is a Druid . The more important question is not one of existence , but of action . What would drive a Kumtak to flee the Briga ? If the terminal access logs are correct , he 's been on the run for some time . We 've no choice but to interrogate them directly if we 're to learn anything of substance . INTERROGATOR 2 : Wait . Trace data detected in the type-Druid 's headgear and secondary buffer . Extracting . Is that ... Danaan ? ( yawns ) KUMTAK : Are you the Columba pilot that died trying to save us ? What if I am ? WYDD : Thank you . I was just following orders . WYDD : Maybe so , but it seems like someone else would like to thank you . You seem entitled to receive a blessing , although that would be for a Gula to decide . ( Gula groans ) ( whimpers ) Garm in this ship restrict a Gula 's movement ? To be touched by a Gula is to receive a blessing of great fortune and protection . To the best of my knowledge , Nascien is the only one the Gula 's ever blessed . Would you care to try ? ( Gula grumbles ) ( whimpers ) ( grumbles ) ( brakes squeal ) Hmm . ( machinery humming ) ( platform whirring ) Where is the Gula ? A Gula is always searching for someone or something . ( music playing ) ( whimpers ) ( grumbles ) ( whimpers ) ( grumbles ) ( whimpers ) How did you get down here ? ( grumbles ) Gula ! Interrogation will commence . Kumtak , who is that individual you fled the Briga with ? My dear interrogator , you are aware of the existence of the Sage of the Trees , those who convey all the words of our creator , Danaan ? If by the Sage of the Trees , you mean Druids , then yes . We are familiar with both their existence and extinction . WYDD : Yes , along with the Wurm , the Basse , the Seta , the Borzoi , and the Zenen , all extinct after years and years of war . Now with the Kumtak near extinction , only the Columba and the Briga remain in any significant numbers . Your point , Kumtak ? Every Garm knows this . These are keystone memories of our collective database . Yes , but just because you commit something to memory does not make it a fact . In our collective memory , the last of the Druids were killed off long ago , but the truth is , one survives . Druids are said to have access to tremendous power , and if that power could be harnessed , then total systems dominance could be achieved . That , at least , was the thinking of the Briga . The Briga tried to use the power of the Druids ? That sounds like something they would think of . There are stories that a Kumtak once tried to use Druids to gain the power of Danaan and challenge the Briga . But that Kumtak 's ambitions brought great shame to his pack , and he was ousted from the clan as a heretic . Surely there 's no need to follow in the footsteps of that Kumtak who played with systems beyond his comprehension and ended up a pariah . WYDD : No matter how much the Columba boast of their speed and mobility , the Brigas ' mighty warships and armored forces remain as great a threat as ever . Would you not call attacking a powerful enemy the very height of foolishness ? So why have you come to us ? The Briga and the Kumtak have been united for countless cycles . Enslaved , not united . So you 've come to offer us the power of the Druids against the Briga in exchange for your tribe 's freedom ? If that is what you want , then , yes , that is what I 'm offering . ( barks ) Gula . ( Gula whimpers ) ( grumbles ) - ( barks ) - Gotcha . LEAD INTERROGATOR : Kumtak ... you say that by combining our power with that of the Druid , we can destroy the Briga . How do we know that what you say is true ? WYDD : If you allow me access to this ship 's information core , I will combine it with the Druid 's , and you will see firsthand the true power of the Druid . Don 't be ridiculous , Kumtak . You 'll trigger an overflow and destroy the braincase . Sir , you aren 't seriously considering giving him access , are you ? The Kumtak are notorious for their skills at manipulating data . How do we know what this Kumtak says is true , that it 's not all some elaborate trap by the Briga , sir ? Give the Kumtak access to the Kiakra 's main core . Sir ! There is a Druid standing before you , a Druid . Don 't you understand what this means ? Give the Kumtak access now . INTERROGATOR 1 : Yes , sir . Port opened in the staging area firewall . Thy right hand shall teach them to fear thee . See for yourself the power of the Druids . ( machinery whirring ) ( chorus vocalizing ) Danaan , you make yourselves known to us only in visions . We only speak to you in dreams . Stop it ! Cut her off ! Cut her off ! ( energy crackling ) Behold the power of the Druids ! ( laughing ) ( music playing ) All right , listen up . Our primary objective is to take back the Kumtak and the Druid alive . Ignore the Gula . Any Columba , you kill on sight . Team one , take care of the sleep hive . Team two , hit the hangar and ground as many Six-Wings as you can . Now the rest of you , follow me . OPERATOR : Illegal access into the ship 's information core detected from the Kiakra . OPERATOR 2 : Air-traffic control section isolated from system , connected directly to information core . OPERATOR 1 : Fire-control section isolated , too ! OPERATOR 2 : Shipboard security systems offline . OPERATOR 1 : Navigation and control systems integrated with information core ... ( grunting ) Set the C.I.C. to autistic mode now ! COMPUTER : Share combat information center . The system merges all of the main building . KHARA PILOT : Colm 301 to Kiakra C.I.C. Come in . Air patrol to Kiakra C.I.C. Multiple Briga warships approaching . Kiakra C.I.C. KIAKRA COMPUTER : Air-to-ship combat alert . Prepare to launch aircraft . ( chorus vocalizing ) ( muffled explosions ) ( woman vocalizing ) ( vocalizing ends ) I was wondering how I was gonna get this thing open . Don 't even try , Kumtak . We 're taking you and your little doll back to Briga command . ( automatic weapons firing ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( energy hums ) ( muffled explosion ) SKELLIG : Contact the Rosmerta . Objective secure . Now let 's move . ( music ends ) PILOT : Six-Wing closing behind us . SKELLIG : Lose them ! PILOT : They 're coming in too fast . ( Skellig grunts ) ( turret whirs ) ( silence ) ( fire crackling ) ( gasping ) ( groans ) ( winces ) ( metal scrapes ) ( coughs ) ( groans ) ( coughs ) ( music playing ) ( rifle whines ) ( music continues ) ( sniffs ) ( wind blowing ) ( thunder crashing ) ( woman vocalizing ) - ( tube hisses ) - ( grunts ) ( panting ) ( women vocalizing ) ( music , singing ends ) ( seabirds calling ) ( Gula barking ) ( whimpers ) ( barks ) Kumtak ! Is this some kind of joke ? The Torc Sea , where the corrupted land of the Garm ends and the sacred land of the Druids begin . You said this was the way back to Briga command . I have no intention of returning to the Briga . ( both grunting ) ( groans ) ( gasping ) ( groans ) ( panting ) - ( yells ) - ( barks ) ( whimpering ) Kumtak , get this Gula out of the way . ( Gula barks ) Even an obstinate Briga like him knows it 's a grave sin to kill one who 's been blessed by Gula . ( grumbles ) ( yawns ) ( seabirds calling ) WYDD : You used manna . It makes you faster , stronger , allows you to heal more rapidly than if you were in your sleep hive . But there 's a price to pay . If you use too much at once , your body will destroy itself from within , accelerating your metabolism , aging you , wearing you out . You talk like you know more about the Garm than they know about themselves , like you 've forgotten you 're one of us . Have you ever wondered what it truly means to be a Garm ? Our core memories are so limited . Think . Your weapons , the Columba carriers , the Briga cruisers , the systems that operate them all , nothing was created by the Garm . How long have they existed ? No matter how hard we trace our memories or how we trace the records , the answer 's the same . Nothing is created by the Garm . They 've existed from the very beginning . The Garm don 't create . We maintain . If we don 't know where we came from , how would we know where we 're going ? ( seabirds calling ) KHARA : Heresy . What you 're saying is heresy . A Garm fulfills his mission . That 's all . Is it ? Do you know where you are ? Do you know what that is ? The Torc Sea . Danaan , our creator , made it to separate the Garm from the lands of the Druids . Those lands are forbidden to Garm like us . Only there can I follow the memories of Danaan , who vanished from these lands . Danaan ? ( sighs ) Don 't you ? Don 't you want to know why our creator left us ? WYDD : Once we cross the Torc Sea , Nascien will lead me to Dual Grund , where I can gain access to the upper-level systems of the Druids . That is where the truth behind Danaan 's absence lies . And what about me ? And the Briga ? You just expect us to follow you ? Cut off from your packs , Garm like you will die wandering in the wasteland . Your memories will not be downloaded . You will not reawaken in your sleep hive cells . But in Dual Grund , you may find another fate waiting for you . What , I cannot say . But cut off from your pack as you are , the choice is yours . The tide is rising . Are you coming or not ? ( beads rattle ) SKELLIG : Where do you think you 're going , Kumtak ? Across the Torc Sea to Dual Grund . ( sighs ) You 're not going anywhere . My mission 's to take you back to Briga command . You can die now or later on your own out in the wasteland , but we 're going to Dual Grund . SKELLIG : You 're not gonna make it across on foot . Get on . Why should I trust you , Briga ? 'Cause if I could kill a Garm blessed by a Gula , you 'd already be dead . I 've come too far to let this crazy Kumtak just walk away . You wanna go to Dual Grund ? I 'll take you . Once your business there is finished , I 'm gonna take this crazy Kumtak and the Druid back to Briga command , and the Gula could do as the Gula pleases . Deal . SKELLIG : So you do have some sense , Columba . It 's Khara , Khara-23 . ( Skellig chuckles ) You 're telling me your generation code ? ( laughs ) That information 's only shared within a pack . I am Wydd , Wydd-256 . The Druid is Nascien-666 . You 're kidding me . I 'm Skellig ... ( sighs ) Skellig-58 . ( tank whirring ) NARRATOR : These people who have all lost their packs miraculously meet and begin their pilgrim 's journey to the holy land in search of the memories of the Garm . ( women vocalizing ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( women vocalizing ) ( singing ends ) ( music ends ) ( rifle fires ) ( barking ) Not bad . Funny . A Gula can live where birds are , but we can 't . How much manna do we have left ? Uh , three selmas , if we 're strict with rationing . And there 'd be even less if the Druid didn 't seem to be surviving off her ... connection with these stones . Even if we make it to Dual Grund , if there 's no manna there , we 're finished . You 're regretting your decision ? ( chuckles ) A Briga never regrets his actions . You remember that . - ( sighs ) - ( whimpers ) ( chuckles ) ( sighs ) ( sighs ) I came to relieve you . I 'm fine . Go back to sleep . I can 't sleep when Wydd sleeps so soundly . What does he know that we don 't ? I thought you trusted him . ( scoffs ) Hardly . I can 't shake the feeling that he had something to do with the disaster that brought down the Kiakra . Well , if you can 't trust him , what makes you think you could trust a Briga like me ? We have a deal . ( chuckles ) Unbelievable . If you 're a code 23 , that means you have a long service record as a warrior . A Garm without a pack tends to throw caution to the wind . If that 's true , I 'm not the only one . ( sighs ) It 's not the same thing . I have my mission . You made a choice . Out here , is there really a difference ? Go get some rest . If I need relief , I 'll ... I 'll come and wake you . I told you I 'm not tired . ( sighs ) Do you , um ... What did it feel like , to be touched by a Gula ? Do you feel ... Do you feel any different ? It 's just ... I don 't know how to explain it . She drools a lot . Is it , um ... Was it sticky ? I felt something warm and soft when she touched me ... not on the outside , but on the inside , if that makes any sense . And her scent ... I feel like I 've smelled it somewhere before . I don 't know . Your Briga pack didn 't have any Gulas ? We used to . I never saw one , no . Gulas are short-lived , eh , and clones are forbidden . Skellig , what 's your first memory ? Uh ... uh , target practice maybe ? Mission briefing ? No , back further . What 's the first thing that you can recall ever experiencing ? For me , I think ... the first thing that I ever saw was light coming in when my sleep hive cell opened up . Your first memory isn 't something similar to that ? So what if it is ? We 're Garm . We fight . We die . We download . ( chuckles ) Being around the Druid 's going to your head , Columba . " What is your first memory ? " Why is it any more important than your third or your tenth or your last ? Skellig , why are there no young Garm ? Gulas give birth to pups . Even birds at the Torc Sea lay ... raise chicks from eggs . Why is it just the Garm that have no young ? Danaan created us that way . Why would Danaan create the Garm to be like that ? What was the point ? Is that why you wanna go to Dual Grund ? What , to ... to find answers ? I don 't know . ( scoffs ) You asked if something changed when Gula touched me , and something did . I don 't know what , but something inside of me changed , and if going to Dual Grund tells me what that something is , then so be it . ( sighs ) You should go . Go . SKELLIG : Visibility 's shot ! I can 't see anything , just this fog . It 's too dangerous to keep going . We 're stuck . KHARA : Wait . I think the fog 's thinning out . Skellig , there on the left . SKELLIG : Distance , 390 nortes . What is that , a hill ? ( distant birds squawking ) KHARA : I 've heard the birds can travel from this world to the other using their wings . WYDD : The place where the world ends and the world begins . Dual Grund . This is the place , the exact vision that Nascien projected in my sleep . In your sleep ? You mean you dream ? I thought only the Gula were blessed with the ability to dream until I met Nascien . I 've never doubted or regretted my decisions , and yet ... coming to the holy land , it could bring disaster to the Briga . There 's no turning back now , not for us , nor for the world . If we are the harbinger of things to come , what lies ahead ? If that was not the case , then why would a heretic like me and Nascien have turned up ? And you can 't say that Khara willingly left her pack . Neither did I , I suppose . Perhaps we 'll have a more different future if Danaan 's curse is lifted . The future . That 's such an absurd concept . Briga , all we have is the future . Ah , Kumtak . Guess there 's no turning back now . ( birds squawking ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( singing ends ) ( barks , grumbles ) ( whimpers ) Cold feet , Skellig ? Only way forward 's on foot . Someone 's gotta be backup , and I 'm the only one that knows how to work this thing . You keep your com channel open . You run into trouble , just say the word . ( Gula barks ) Khara ... What ? It 's the first time ... It 's the first time you called me by name . ( sighs ) What about you ? I , um ... I don 't need as much manna as you . Besides , I got my pal here if anything goes wrong . You said there was something you wanted to find out at Dual Grund . Go find out . Go find out if there 's a future waiting for us , for the Garm , something that 's different than this . Go . ( water splashing ) ( sniffing ) ( grumbles ) ( ticking ) ( rumbling ) KHARA : Skellig , there 's something in here . 80 markes ahead . Do you see it ? SKELLIG : I see it . I 'm picking up two more on your left and right as well . Look out . They 're moving . KHARA : I 'm going in for a closer look . SKELLIG : Be careful , Khara . Whatever 's out there , it 's big . ( rumbling ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( metal creaks ) KHARA : Skellig , it 's a Giant ! It 's moving ! Wydd , stay low , and stay out of the way . Skellig , fire ! Keep firing ! SKELLIG : Don 't worry about him . Worry about the other two on your flank ! KHARA : Got it . Something must have been triggered when Nascien accessed the system . Anything else you forgot to tell us ? These Giants have a weakness . They 're not like us . They require physical connection to the ... to their network in order to identify and attack an intruder . Cut the connection , and that should stop those Giants . Skellig , did you get that ? SKELLIG : Loud and clear . Cut the cable , kill the Giants . Skellig , you keep them distracted . I 'll find the cables . ( engine grinding ) SKELLIG : Anytime now , Khara ! Found it ! ( creaking ) SKELLIG : That 's one down , Khara . - ( tube hisses ) - ( grunts ) SKELLIG : Be a decoy , and flank the Giant ! ( grunts ) ( creaking ) Nice shooting , Skellig . WYDD : Khara , can you hear me ? Wydd , go ahead . WYDD : We found an access point . Nascien 's going to try to disable the defense system , but it will take time . Can you keep the remaining Giants distracted ? KHARA : Just hurry , Wydd . SKELLIG : I 'll take the big one . You take the little one . KHARA : Big one ? Little one ? ( distant gunfire echoing ) ( women vocalizing ) ( singing ends ) ( gasps ) What happened to " the big one " ? SKELLIG : They 're all big ones . ( energy crackles ) ( grunts ) Skellig ! ( gasping ) Skellig , run . - ( grunts ) - Skellig ! ( yells ) ( yelling ) ( panting ) WYDD : We 've disengaged the system . We 're safe now . Khara , do you read me ? We 've located the position of the central terminal , the core of Dual Grund . Nascien will show you the path . KHARA : We have to help Skellig . Forget Skellig . Nothing could 've survived that explosion . Khara , if you want to know the truth , forget Skellig , and follow the path that Nascien reveals . ( fire crackling ) ( silence ) ( footsteps approaching ) ( grumbles ) NASCIEN : You have served me well , Kumtak . Nascien . ( groaning ) ( panting ) ( overlapping voices ) I am Malakh , messenger of the Gods . Nascien is only the shell I wear when I walk in your world . Garm type , Druid , you call it . I have come to this place so I may fulfill my lord 's bidding . ( rumbling ) ( chorus vocalizing ) WYDD : I found you . I protected you . I killed for you . For what ? Tell me . Tell me , what have I done ? ( metal clanking ) Malakh . ( groans ) Speak not my name . Listen well , Kumtak . My name is Wydd , Wydd-256 . NASCIEN : Time had stood still for the Garm , but by your coming here , it has begun to flow once more . The time of the Garms' extinction has begun . ( groans ) Your body will still prove useful to me . The braincase of a Kumtak will be able to freely access the central Garm network . I shall make free use of it . However , all other central memories will be deleted from it . I am Wydd , Wydd ... 256 . I am Wydd , Wydd ... 2-5 ... NASCIEN : How peculiar . It would appear that the few thoughts remaining in this body 's braincase do not wish its memories of you to be deleted . I have placed here a flaming sword , which turns every direction to guard the way to the Tree of Life . ( automatic weapon fires ) ( splash ) ( clicking ) ( clicking ) ( grunts ) KHARA : Give it up . There 's no way out . You 're trapped in there . My name is Khara-23 . Now tell me , why do we fight ? What meaning does the Garms' endless fighting have ? Answer me . ( overlapping voices ) The owner of this body already appears to know the answer . Then tell me . ( thunder rumbling ) ( rain falling ) What was is and ever shall be . I form the light and create darkness . When this world was not yet formed , They came from far , far away . Then They divided this world into heaven and earth and filled the space between with living things . - ( clanking ) - ( chorus vocalizing ) Finally They created the Garm and bequeathed unto them a portion of their technology that allowed the Garm to control this world . The Garm were separated into tribes according to their abilities . Eventually they named themselves ... Briga , Columba , Kumtak . And they named the individuals that formed the tribe and went on to name every living thing that filled this world . To name something is to show dominance over it . And when They were named by the Garm , They abandoned the Garm and left this world . They forbade the Garm the power to create new life , for They feared the Garm and their reckless desire to conquer all that was in their world . And since that time , the Garm have had no future , only a present . And now the Giants will rise and burn Annwn to ash . What was is and ever shall be . I form the light and create darkness . Wait . What do you mean , " Ever shall be " ? Who are " They , " and where have They gone ? They 've already begun their next experiment in the place closest to this world . That 's why this world must be destroyed . You keep saying , " They . " Why don 't you say their name ? Even now , you ask their name . ( sighs ) They call themselves ... ( alien language ) ( sighs ) It means " jealous , " for They are a jealous God . ( chorus vocalizing ) ( crying ) ( singing , music end ) ( music playing ) 07-01 ... 36 ... Message from early warning craft . Two echelons Danaan from bearing 01-09 ... - 06-03 ... - 04-07 ... - Three echelons ... - 02-07 ... 03-02 ... - Prepare to launch ... - Two echelons ... Number increasing . ( chorus vocalizing ) Task force 11 in battle array , ready to deploy . Task force 12 ready to deploy . Third formation , bearing 02-07 . ( overlapping chatter ) Fifth assault ship force ready . ( vocalizing continues ) - Strike force 103 ready . - Formation 08-05 . ( overlapping chatter ) ( vocalizing continues ) NARRATOR : The invasion by the reawakened Giants marks the end of the so-called Old Cycle and the dawn of a new era on planet Annwn , an era of heavy warfare between Garm and Malakh . ( vocalizing ends ) ( energy hums ) ( drums beating ) ( music playing ) ( woman vocalizing ) ( women vocalizing ) ( chorus vocalizing ) ( vocalizing ends ) ( women vocalizing ) ( vocalizing ends ) ( Gula whimpers ) ( yips ) ( grumbles )
