 ( dramatic music ) ( gasping , snap ) Woah , woah , new idea . You surrender to me . It 's just one option . But what if instead of that , you run home to the city , and on your way you tell all the other scout teams that I died . That will put me at ease . Just hand it over . Come on , what have you got ? Don 't you wanna live out here in this glorious Empire and serve The Nomads ? ( laughing ) That 's the deal Catherine made . ( laughing ) She 's probably selling city secrets to The Nomad King in his bed right now ! ( laughing ) ( action music ) ( snap ) Scout Team Seven to Control , Scout Team Seven to Control ! [ Control ] Team Seven , what 's your location ? Nomad outpost ! [ Control ] What 's the situation ? The situation 's bad , we found Sol ! - Scout down ... - [ Control ] Wait , wait , shut up , shut up , what 's your situation ? Scout down , request backup . [ Control ] Which outpost , I need your exact location . Come in Team Ten , what 's happening ? Team ... ( crunch ) ( arm whirring ) ( powering down ) ( laughing ) ( music intensifies ) You might wanna fix that arm . I don 't need it to kill you . ( laughing ) [ Scout ] These Nomads were ruthless people . Mad like you , watch what they did . ( laughing ) ( machine running ) This is gonna hurt ! ( laughing ) Turn it off , and I won 't kill you . Really ... If you slide this back in , can that arm break that chain ? ( laughing ) How bad is Sun Disease ? I can 't imagine this being the last face you see before you die . ( laughing ) What a horrible way to die . You know , I 'm disappointed . They said you were clever and dangerous . ( gasping ) ( banging , clanking ) ( crunch ) ( dramatic music ) This is a horrible way to die . ( phone ringing ) Hello ? [ Caller ] Who is this ? I 'm with Scout Team Seven ... [ Caller ] One of the teams looking for Sol ? Yes , but you shouldn 't worry about him anymore , he isn 't a problem . The mission was very successful . [ Caller ] Who is this ? Do you know if there 's any way to turn off the giant torture machine ? A funny thing happened . [ Caller ] Cleo isn 't there ? Cleo , no , Cleo 's away at the moment . So this machine ... [ Caller ] You tell her the deal is off . ( dial tone ) That was the most useless conversation I 've ever had in my life . ( machine whirring ) ( tribal music ) ( laughing ) Hello , hello ? I don 't suppose you know who that was . What did they say ? Can I have some assistance ? Maybe , answer my question . Ahhh ! They asked for Cleo and said the deal was off . Not much of a conversationalist , are you Cleo ? You stole my call ! Half the world 's dead , look where we are , and I get my call stolen ? What are the odds ? Perhaps they 're regrettably higher than you might expect . This is just funny . Ahhh , I fail to see the humor , Senorita . Can you hand me that bolt over there ? What are you supposed to be ? Please give me the bolt , it 's right there . Just hand me that bolt , get the bolt , please , right there . You 've got Sun Disease . Why didn 't you protect your eyes ? You must not be from around here . Just kick the bolt in my direction ! It 's looks like you 've got steel in there , that 's rare . Did someone from Paradise City make that for you ? Ahhh , lady , give me the bolt ! Well for that we 'll have to work out an exchange . Afraid I don 't do favors for inconsiderate people . I apologize for skipping the social niceties of introductions , I would love to learn more about you , you seem like a very interesting person , but if you don 't give me that bolt , I 'm going to die ! Well obviously you 're gonna die . Horrifically from the looks of things . How can a bolt help you ? I 'll show you ! ( creaking ) What will you trade me for it ? Maybe you can tell me how to find your friend from Paradise . Ahhhh ! ( banging , clanking ) I came from Paradise . I can get you inside if you want . You 're from Paradise ? Yeah . Huh , how would you get me in ? It 's hidden , no one on the outside knows how to find it . I do , I stole an access card , I can give it to you . An access card ? Ahhhh ! It 's a Presidential key . It opens any city gate , you can walk right in . And right back out ? Sure , what , are you planning a robbery ? My plans really aren 't your concern . ( arm powering up ) Impressive . Well thank you , lead on . ( suspenseful music ) ( choking ) ( coughing ) ( grunting ) ( groaning ) [ Cleo ] Give me the card . What can you trade me for it ? A bullet . Listen Senorita , I don 't usually kill women , but for you , I might make an exception . ( gunshot ) That was your last shot , wasn 't it ? Would I still be standing here if it was ? I don 't know . Why is the card so important to you that you 'd break our deal ? I thought you 'd be honorable . Honorable is just a word people give you when you do what they want . And I didn 't promise you anything . ( click ) I can 't give you the card because I need it to trade to The Nomad King for a woman . Named Catherine . Who is she to you ? Everything . What 's Paradise to you ? Everything . If you give the King an access card to the city , he 'll go and destroy it . She 's worth it . I don 't help other people , Senorita , so either go away or kill me . Ooof , ahhh ! ( groaning ) ( machine whirring ) ( gasping , buzzing ) We done with this fight now ? ( laughing ) So , you clever enough to get Catherine without this , or will you try to steal it back ? Nah , it 's yours . I can still get her , it 'll just be harder . You know how to get to the King ? Yeah . You show me how to get to him , I 'll tell you how to get into Paradise . Deal ? Deal . What 's your name anyway ? Sol . Nice to meet you . ( action music ) [ Sol ] If this is one of The Nomad Army 's abandoned storage outposts , why are we sneaking up to it ? Are we supposed to be frightened of Warriors and Invisibles , and what else ? Not ... did you see that ? Creatures . I didn 't see anything . Yeah , well how reliable is your eyesight ? Look , Sun Disease would drive me crazy . If every time I looked at other people 's faces I saw my own ? No thank you . Does it happen with everyone you look at ? Do I look like you to you ? Yes , everybody looks like me to me , but I can read your face , you can 't lie to me . I never lie . Are you up for this ? Nobody can stop me from getting to her . Including Creatures . Ahhh ! ( snarling ) [ Sol ] What the hell is wrong with this individual ? Cleo , shoot it ! ( arm powering down ) Now ! What , you 're out of bullets ? ! You said you weren 't out of bullets ! I never said that ! It was a direct implication . I thought you could read my face , you 're an arrogant bastard . Oh don 't you criticize me ! Don 't yell at me ! I 'm not yelling at you ! Yes you are ! ( grunting , snarling ) ( snap ) Some help you are . I don 't believe this . You don 't want to point a weapon at someone if you can 't use it anyway . ( arm powering up ) You 'd better listen to me next time I tell you ... ( arm powering down ) Don 't do that . Why didn 't you kill him ? ( arm powering up ) He didn 't know what he was doing . It isn 't their fault , they 're mad . The world is lonely and quiet enough , you don 't need to take more out of it . Injury is great conflict resolution . Killing lasts longer . ( dramatic sting ) Get whatever you need and let 's go . Unless you wanna fix your gun and point it at that guy for awhile . [ Cleo ] Hey , will you check that Creature 's pockets ? See what he 's got , they steal stuff . Why would he want anything ? ( dramatic music ) Cleo , how attached are you to your Creature theory ? Because this is just a man in a mask . What does he look like ? Handsome . You afraid or something ? Some people I was friends with were taken by The King and turned into Creatures , he 's not one of them . Would you consider this normal behavior ? There are more Creatures out here , so maybe try not to get your ass kicked next time , yeah ? I did not get my ... I 'm breathing , he 's not , that 's conflict resolution . I got a whole arm made out of conflict resolution ! ( buzzing ) What are you doing , we have to go . I am Lear , elite Junior King of this outpost ! Who dareth trespass ? Oh great . If we don 't fight him , he 'll follow us until we do . What don 't you take care of this one , huh ? ( buzzing ) [ Lear ] Who are you , who is that man there ? Cleo , oh I 've heard talk of you . They say you are a fortune that rivals the treasures of the Isle De Roca . You 're a little behind the times . Madam , I demand your attention ! From there , do not move , I am to be viewed from below or from an inferior angle . Your hair suggests you believe in alternative hygienic standards . Your witticism lacks a definitive luster and the caliber of even a lower class education . And the layout of your face , on the whole , offends me . I shall therefore acquisit my rights as heir to the throne and challenge you to a duel . It will be a mighty battle for me . For you , it will suck . The winner , in other words I , shall receive your treasure . The loser , shortly hereafter to be known forever as you , dies . ( action music ) And now we come to it , you behold my mighty challenge ! The Duke of Lear descends upon you with the fury of an army ! Hey Sol , may I borrow you for a moment ? Madam , I am protected by powers of nobility . Now have at thee , you shoddy gnat ! You pukish relic ! Are you serious ? Ha ha , oof ! Foul play , madam , foul play . You lack an applicable skill set ! My worst day is the peak of your craftsmanship . Your ability is less than good . Ah , you swarthy dog ! Embrace your forthcoming demise ! No , back you ... ( mumble ) hither away from my ship ! You know how long it took me to get those suckers ? A really long time ! Amateur ... A monumental error . Sol ! ( arm powering up ) Oh those are pretty , yes , give . Sol ! Oof ! ( screaming ) [ Cleo ] Sol , don 't kill him ! Ahhh ! [ Cleo ] Sol , no ! ( choking , snap ) [ Cleo ] That was The Nomad King 's cousin . He looked like just another asshole to me . I fixed my arm . Once he find out what you did , we 'll have no chance of getting to Catherine quietly . There are dead bodies all over the place . I had a few here and there , so what ? So what ? Maybe we were both better off alone . ( dramatic music ) Do you keep your promises ? Of course . You 're nothing in this world if you don 't . Good , then you have to take me to Catherine . We have to stay together . Why should I trust you ? I don 't care for the situation . Neither do I , but you 're the only breathing person I know , and I 'm lost . So this Catherine , she means a lot to you ? You could say that . Good . Well guide , guide . Where are we going ? [ Cleo ] We need better weapons . There 's another outpost not too far from here . A full armory . ( enchanting music ) You have no idea where you 're going , do you ? No , there used to be an armory here . Stop ! Woah ... I cannot believe we walked into this without setting anything off . We were lucky . I 'm sure they 're all duds . You have no idea what you 're talking about . I don 't have any ... Which one of us thinks that this is a bomb ? Cleo ? What are you doing ? [ Cleo ] I want these . [ Sol ] Where could you possibly wear those ? There 's one main city left on Earth , it 's hidden underground , and no one goes out to eat ! [ Cleo ] I like them , go to Hell . [ Sol ] You 're being irrational ! I am ? You don 't protect your prosthetic arm in the dirtiest part of the world ? Yeah , that 's irrational . It 's not a prosthetic , it 's a deadly weapon . Ah , shit ! That silly sword bitch broke my goggles . Keep your eyes closed . [ Cleo ] Yeah , thanks . Let me see . Let me see them ! No , you break everything you touch . No I don 't . Let me see them . ( snap ) Ah ... What was that ? Uh , your goggles made a noise . Wait , where are you going ? Come back ... look , we 're surrounded by bombs . Just don 't move . ( click ) What was that , did you just break my goggles ? No , but I did happen to set off one of these extremely hazardous duds . Relax , nothing bad is going to happen . ( clicking ) ( gasp ) Oh shit , Cleo ! ( suspesenful music ) ( clicking stops ) Sol ? Sol ? ! Oh come on ! ( suspenseful music ) ( grunting ) [ Sol ] Cleo , Cleo , are you okay ? ( whirring , buzzing ) Your eyes ... You needed help . You shouldn 't have done that . I can get out of this on my own . ( grunting ) Don 't , stop struggling , it gets tighter every time you move , you can 't get out of it . Watch me . Stop it ! Maybe this partnership wasn 't a good idea . Just go , I 'll be fine . What is wrong with you ? You are aggravating ! You 're an aggravating woman . You yell at me when I kill people , you keep taking my arm bolt , and frankly your planning is sub par . I wasn 't gonna say anything about that , but it 's becoming an issue . So you don 't think you need any help . How can you help me ? What are those ? Keys . For what ? They help with things . This is your trap , isn 't it ? I didn 't mean what I said . This is a delightful partnership with many perks , it 's just that anyone I ... everyone I ... the people around me die quite often . I just thought it would be nice , for you , if you didn 't die . It 'd be nice for me too . ( coughing ) Thank you . You saved my life , you keep doing that . Don 't take it personally . [ Sol ] What if I did , I might suspect you cared about me and we 'd have to get to know each other . Do I look better to you now ? I liked the way you looked before . That 's too bad . It 's okay , I can remember . Hey , I think my mind is playing tricks on me . When I first opened my eyes , I thought I saw a girl . [ Sol ] Yeah , that 's Sun Disease . You were just hallucinating , don 't worry about it . We keep finding these . [ Cleo ] This one was just killed . ( dramatic music ) [ Sol ] Thought you could sneak up on me , eh ? ( gasping ) [ Cleo ] That 's her . Him , her , you don 't know . He kind of looks like me . Have you seen my parents ? [ Sol ] All right , that sounded like a girl , but look ... [ Scout ] Team Nine to Control , I found my partner 's body in pieces . [ Control ] The Cannibal Giric is hunting Sol and Cleo , find them before he does , and don 't let him catch you too . Team Nine , come in Team Nine . Team Nine ? ( speaking foreign language ) [ Sol ] I mean look , it 's a habit . I didn 't know you 'd like her . It just happens . Killing is a way of life , could you try not being upset about this ? I 'm not upset ! Ugh , this disease is intolerable . It 's disorienting at first , but you get used to it . They have a cure for this in the West . They say there 's some real humanity left out there , good people . If they got cured , they 'd have to keep track of all those new faces . There might be something liberating about starting over . Sure , we can have insane conversations where you ignore everything that just happened ! Thinks of the lives I might have saved . You should be thanking me , it 's probably the best thing I 've done since we 've met . If I didn 't kill her then , she might have killed us later , it was her or us , and I chose us ! Cleo ! ( screaming ) ( choking , coughing ) Woah , that sucked . Hey there ! Man , had that trap all worked out too . You know how hard it is to bury yourself ? It 's ridiculous ! Sorry about that , I thought you were more Creatures , they 'll steal anything . Who are you ? Just another poor working stiff , a proletariat sent to nab him . I love that now I find you . Oh , you 're under arrest by the way . Who chained you ? Just some Creatures , it took like , seven , nineteen Creatures to restrain me . They left to get The Witch Warrior because apparently I 'm not good at answering questions , so the Warrior is supposed to " influence " me . I can 't wait . Sol , Sol , I always really liked you , man ! I mean I like that you tried in Paradise , man . Reform and old school , I get it ! You 're just misunderstood ! So you wanna break this chain for me ? Sure , if you promise to tell all the other scout teams I 'm dead . Promise ... Yeah , yeah , that wouldn 't be a problem . What if , also , you traded me your access card . Or we can forget the card ! We can forget the card ! I 'll tell everyone you 're dead if you kill The Oracle ! And then snap my chain . [ Cleo ] Why would they believe you ? Because I 'm really popular . I used to be a Scout , in fact , I got 50 of my closest City Scout bros coming to rescue me right now ! Part of that is because word is I 'm sitting on Sol 's path and they want him bad . But I 'm plenty popular . [ Sol ] He 's a liar. come on ! [ Cleo ] I know , but we don 't know how many scouts are after you . [ Sol ] We 're going straight to The King . All right , The Oracle 's harder to find than Paradise . [ Cleo ] Not for me . Hey , why do you want The Oracle dead ? Oh , I don 't , Paradise does . She 's plotting with The Nomad King to take the city down . What kind of proof do you need ? Her head . Decapitation . Ssszzt ! What if you die before we get the head back here ? Yeah , hey , you 'd better hurry if you wanna beat all these people back here because , you know , if they 're here and you 're here , it gets political . And who needs that , right ? Sol , you know . I don 't trust him , I 'm not doing it ! Look at him , who 's gonna listen to him ? He looks like a weasel ! Yeah , but hypothetically , if my friends didn 't belive me that you were dead , and that 's a big if , bro , I am like the point man with these fellas . But if they don 't , it won 't matter because if we have proof that The Oracle is dead , taking that proof home is way bigger than you and your stolen access card . You 're scot-free , man . ( tribal music ) Ahem . I don 't wanna talk about it . Okay ... What ? Would it bother you if I don 't do this with you ? Don 't look at me like that . I have no desire to tangle with some spirit spitting religious ... She 's really more like a Therapist . Are you trying to make me kill now ? No , I 'm not , it 's just I can 't do it . We know each other , it would be weird . So I offer her an invocation asking her to join us . If she accepts , the rock will burn . And then she 'll appear . She comes to us ? Shouldn 't she know we 're coming and already be here , like an Oracle ? Trust me , she 's a professional . Oraculum sacrum veni et nos comt ... Clearly . I 'm not getting it high enough . Oraculum sacrum veni et nos comtua sep ... arrgh , I used to be able to do this ! Oraculum sacrum veni et nos comtua sepientia ducae ! With any luck , she 's not on vacation . She travels . ( playful music ) [ Oracle ] What kind of a situation is it to have half a boat , I mean really , everyone else has a whole boat . It really really depresses me to think every time that I ... oh , okay , you 've killed it . Very good , Arthur , but you 've killed it , you don 't have to kill it anymore . Arthur , put the oar down , hunny . [ Cleo ] I might need to talk with her for a minute first . And hurry up , darling . Sweetheart ! Hi ! [ Oracle ] Don 't worry , it was working vacation . I needed a fish for this , otherwise I would have arrived sooner . It 's been forever , you look beautiful ! Let me guess , you brought someone to kill me . We 'll talk about it . Arthur , set up my office . I almost forgot how dull this part of the world 's become , things are so dead around here . I wanna hear all about your drama . Now you need to start collecting the ... ( mumble ) plant , there 's a famine coming , you 'll do well . Sweetie , your eyes ! I told you you would catch Sun Disease if you left me . Yeah , but now you look better than ever . Hmmm , imagine what he sees . I know we parted on bad terms . I hope by now your realize my visions come true for those who take my advice . I heard you allied yourself with The Nomad King . I told you I would never do that . His people have done enough damage around here . Try prophesying a fortune to a Creature . It 's pointless , what 's an Oracle to do with the rest of her life under these conditions ? Naturally I could tell you , but it would depress you . Well if that 's how you feel , then why do you have a Creature working for you ? [ Oracle ] He 's a defector , no one you knew . [ Cleo ] Does he know that anything you promise him is a lie and you 'll throw him away once you 're bored ? I don 't lie . [ Cleo ] You promised me a family and it never happened . [ Oracle ] You 're confused , and I never throw anyone away , I simply help people find their most appropriate path . The smart ones listen . A little faith on your part wouldn 't kill you . It might even make your personality more attractive , but what do I know ? It 's sad really , and don 't get me started on your silly pipe dream about the Isle De Roca . Money can 't buy you what you want . It will never bring them back , you know . Your family is gone . Don 't blame me for seeing what I see , sweetheart , it 's all there , right in front of me . ( grunting ) When the reunion is over , I 'd like it if we could move this thing along . [ Oracle ] Why did you sell out to the prisoner ? He 's not ready to listen . Hold this , Ahab . ( grunting ) ( laughing ) [ Cleo ] Sol , what are you doing ? It 's just a trick , get up ! Why don 't you kill me if you wanna save him from the City Scouts ? Your sword could take my head off . Ssszzt , right ? ! So please dear , do something or be quiet . You 're adorable , you try so hard . You need to follow your heart and stop chasing your past . Pay attention . [ Cleo ] He 's doing that , he 's following his heart ... He 's following his ego . What is killing Catherine really going to accomplish ? Killing her ? [ Oracle ] Stay on this path , and you 'll repeat your misery forever . She 's not the end , she isn 't . Listen , she 's not the end . See , I 'm not so bad . Normally I 'd charge for this . [ Sol ] She 's just a con artist . What did you do to him ? [ Oracle ] Isn 't Cleo beautiful ? I thought you 'd might like to see her . It 's interesting how you look to each other . I can 't cure Sun Disease , Sol , but I can pause it . Do you like her ? [ Sol ] You look like the same person . You 're the same woman . [ Oracle ] No , I 'm just choosing to appear as Cleo to both of you right now . I 'm The Oracle , I get to mess around like that . Besides , you don 't look so good in my outfit . You have two choices . One is you can kill me for the prisoner and save yourself from the Scouts , but if Cleo stays with you and you kill Catherine , she will eventually die . Wanna hear about the second path ? Leave it all behind , leave the hunt for Catherine . Leave killing altogether and walk away . That goes for you too , sweetheart . Abandon your fruitless treasure hunt . Leave your family in the past where they belong and go West with him . Certain things cannot be undone , so be sure you 're right before you act . Killing you will make half our enemies go away . But what about this enemy ? My death will only make him stronger . ( snap ) This is a mistake . You don 't believe anything she said , do you ? [ Cleo ] Yup . Cleo , she also said that she couldn 't die . Yeah , she dies all the time . She thinks it helps her reputation . Nothing is going to happen to you , you 're with me . I can kill anything that comes between us and Catherine . Well you can 't protect me from you , and you 're what 's gonna cause this . Woah woah woah ! No , I 'm fine , I 'm fine . Okay , help . ( grunting ) Why are you so hell bent on going after something that won 't make your lift any better ? You 're the most stubborn ... ( grunting ) Woah , hey ! Here , give me your hand . How could The Oracle pick us for each other ? Listen , Senorita , I didn 't ask you to be with me ! Why do you want a family anyway ? I don 't . I gave up on that a long time ago . And besides , I wouldn 't pick you . Wait , what ? Hey , why not ? ! Wait , we 've been through here before ! No we haven 't . It 's like a labyrinth , you 're just confused . Shit ! So who would you pick ? Him ? Well he doesn 't lie or kill people . I don 't lie . You told me Catherine was your lover you were rescuing , you just wanna kill her . I can see how you might have been misled by that point , but I never said that exactly . Technically , I didn 't lie . Yeah , well technically , if I stay with you and you kill her , I 'll die . Woah , oh ... hey ! ( distant screeching ) Even if she 's right , and she 's not , she said you 'll die eventually . Everybody dies eventually . Hey , let me explain something about Oracle terminology . " Eventually " means like Tuesday . Yeah , I don 't believe that . I have to get away from you . - ( arm whirring ) - We had a deal ! You are not done until I find Catherine . Now let 's go and get these Scouts off our back . I don 't wanna run into them again . [ Cleo ] Yeah , neither do I. Oh , you guys , I love you guys ! Where are your friends ? Funny thing about that is my bros came by and left me here , ( laughs ) they 're a riot . They really want Sol . But this , this , when they see this , when they come back , they will , they love me , this puts you out of their minds and I will be a rich man . That 's disgusting . You wanna lose that arm too ? Hey now , lover 's quarrel ? Would you mind holding off on that for just a minute and snap this chain ? I can catch up to my friends right now and tell them that you 're dead . For you guys , anything , or you know what ? I promise . Come in , guys , come in , big news ! [ Scout ] What do you want , asshole ? We 're not rescuing you . He 's like my brother . Hey buddy , Sol and that chick we robbed are dead . They came by , The Oracle was chasing them , she killed them , but man , I was ... ( mumble ) and I got her , I killed The Oracle , it was ridiculous ! Mission accomplished , bro , we 're going home ! [ Scout ] I 'll send you one Scout Team , but if you 're lying again , we 'll leave you there for good . What a joker . So how about snapping my chain ? The Witch Warrior 's coming soon . That doesn 't sound good . It 's better if I just go and meet my friends . Who sent your people to rob me ? What , hey , hey ! You guys are jerks ! This is a jerk move , man ! I tried to play the diplomat like a good guy ! I don 't ask for anything in return ! One head , no big deal ! And what do you do for me ? ! You play the screw you card , nice ! This is nice ! You know how long I 'm gonna be stuck out here for ? ! Yeah , I don 't either , that sucks ! If The Oracle made them rob you , then she can 't be trusted ! You 're not going to die , we 're not , we 're not on one of her paths , we 're not stuck in her grip ! Yes we are ! Stay away from me . You can 't leave me ! Cleo ? Cleo ! ( dramatic music ) [ Voices ] Sol , Sol , Soool ... This could be a problem . ( grunting ) ( siren ) ( clicking , screeching ) It 's not her , get the safe box anyway . Easy , son , it isn 't wise to travel at night . Too many Invisibles . Stay down now ! ( creaking ) You son of a bitch ! ( grunting ) That was the safe box , nobody was gonna find ya ! I save your life and you break my stuff . Now I gotta build a new one ! You stop right there ( siren ) or get a little dose of my ear killer . Sit down and eat . What were you doing out at night ? I 'm on my way to see The King . Good luck , I hear nobody sees him face to face . I 'm looking for my daughter . My wife is out scouring right now . [ Sol ] You let your wife wander alone ? I can 't stop her . See , we used to all travel together as a family . Who keeps a family these days ? My daughter started going off alone . Instead of making her stay with us , I gave her weapons to protect herself . One day she just didn 't come back . What kind of weapons did you give her ? Just these . You can find them all over the place , lots of people have them . Years ago , I met an Oracle , and she told me I would have a daughter and that my little girl would change the world . If she dies , I messed up a prophecy . How would the world change because of her ? The Empire would fall , I think , I don 't know . It would stop this endless cycle of violence we 're all living in . How am I supposed to live with myself if I made it so that can 't happen ? It 's not your fault . I met your daughter . I thought she was someone dangerous , those arrows really have been used all over the place . When did you see her ? ! Where is she ? ! She 's dead . I killed her . ( suspenseful music ) [ Cleo ] Oraculum sacrum veni et nos comtua sepientia ducae ! Come on , where are you ? Oraculum sacrum veni et nos comtua sep ... Sepientia ducae . ( screaming ) ( action music ) [ Cleo ] Go eat somebody else ! ( grunting , growling ) ( speaking foreign language ) ( eerie music ) Hi . Hi . All gone ! ( groaning ) ( giggling ) I sure had you and your boyfriend fooled , didn 't I ? I thought he was gonna pop my head off ! He hurt me so bad , big bully . Do you kill people with those ? I just dance with them . ( giggling ) Shoom , shoom ! ( distorted singing ) ( grunting ) ( giggling ) Look ! Aren 't I clever ? What can you trade me for it , a bullet , you said you were out of bullets , I never said that , it was a direct implication , I thought you read my face , you 're an arrogant bastard , don 't you criticize me , don 't yell at me , I 'm not yelling at you , yes you are ! ( giggling ) ( mocked gunshot ) That was your last shot , wasn 't it ? Would I still be standing here if it was ? You 're a goner , you know . You should pay attention to me , you should listen to me when I talk to you because if you choose this first path , Cleo will eventually die . Sol 's a goners too . I saw him with my daddy ! He told my daddy he killed me , and oh boy , you wouldn 't believe what Daddy did ! Is your daddy nearby ? You should stay away from him . Tell me where he is . Mmmmm , no . Tell me ! ( dramatic sting ) ( playful music ) ( action music ) ( grunting , incoherent noises ) Rawr ! ( dramatic music ) Hello there ! I 'm looking for my friend . [ Henry ] Does he have a robotic arm and an overdeveloped streak of arrogance ? He 's your friend ? Yes ... Argh , ow , why can 't people just shake hands when they meet anymore ? ! And you 're next after him . Hey , you know your daughter 's just over that ridge . You don 't know my daughter . [ Cleo ] She showed her dancing to me . Do you know about her dancing ? That way . Your friend 's right down here . ( grunting , robotic whirring ) Sol ? Sol ? [ Sol ] Cleo ? ( dramatic music ) Where are we ? [ Cleo ] Oh , um , I got stabbed in the ass with an arrow , I 'll be two minutes . [ Sol ] Hey ! ( knocking ) Hello ! Why do you wanna go to Paradise ? [ Cleo ] Some Scout stole something valuable from me . It was my mother 's . It 's all I have left of my family . [ Sol ] Even I wouldn 't try and break into that place . Is this thing worth dying for ? [ Cleo ] Is Catherine ? [ Sol ] That 's different , what I 'm doing won 't kill me . Hey , do you think we 're being followed ? [ Cleo ] Yeah , maybe , we 're pretty close to The King . [ Sol ] Then why are we stopping to rest ? Won 't The King 's men attack us ? Or wait until I 'm asleep and take you ? [ Cleo ] Take me ? No , no people stay out of cemeteries . They 're haunted you know . Let 's go back to your cave . No , it 's the only home I have and you attract too much attention . Oh don 't apologize . ( laughing ) [ Sol ] My father was a reformer in Paradise . So many people loved him . He was a great man . Catherine turned out to be a Nomad spy . She and her friends , they murdered my father . I killed them all , except Catherine , before I was caught and sent to prison . I broke out to find her . I 'm sorry . [ Sol ] I feel like I 've been chasing Catherine forever . I 'm tired . What ? Do you think that we have to keep being the way that we are forever ? I mean is this still worth everything to you ? No . [ Cleo ] I wanted to believe that you were chasing Catherine for love . I wondered what it would be like to have a man like you chase me . Some fantasy . I 've never known anyone to fall in love like that , Senorita . Sounds foolish . Yeah , it does . Thanks . For the food . You know , they aren 't just good for you . They 're also beautiful . Women love these , just in case you ever feel like , I don 't know , indulging in anything foolish . Maybe I am a fool , and I was just ... I 've been thinking about what The Oracle said . You don 't believe in her . No , but you do . Why is she interfering with you and me ? [ Cleo ] I don 't know , she 's tricky . She 's the closest to family I have , but she plays with people , it 's a game to her . She told me that phone call would be my way into Paradise , but I wasn 't expecting you . I don 't know what she 's up to exactly , but there 's always a catch . Are you calling me a catch ? Maybe . I don 't wanna see my face on yours anymore . You said they cure Sun Disease in the West , right ? Mmmhm . Well I was wondering if you would take me there , and you could stay with me after I kill Catherine . You can 't ... She 's the last one . I promise to stop killing after her . You 'd have to stop now if you want me to go with you . And you 'd have to give up Paradise . Yeah , is it worth it ? [ Sol ] I don 't know , maybe . I 'll tell you that man at the well had me convinced that his daughter was the most important thing in the world . And I destroyed it . I don 't wanna do this anymore . I could give up Catherine for you , I will , now . Do you promise ? I do . So when do we leave ? Tomorrow . Not right now ? No , no , now would be terrible timing . You think so ? Yeah , I do . Wait , I can 't . It 's not you , it 's me . ( romantic music ) ( action music ) ( groaning ) ( beeping ) Hello ? Hello , hello . Didn 't I ask you if exactly this would happen ? You did , that 's funny . I think you have a misunderstanding of humor , Senorita . It 's not working ? We should have stayed awake . Think they knocked us out with something when we fell asleep . Uh , they 're awake , do it again , he wants them unconscious . ( beeping ) Hello ? Yes . What 's he saying ? Yes . [ Masked Guy ] What 's wrong ? It 's The Witch Warrior . Is it The Witch Warrior ? Yeah . Oh , okay . Witch Warriors are The King 's head assassins . I think they 're actually only one Warrior left . That 's good . They 'll probably take us to meet The King and execute us there . That 's bad . Wait , so here , not over at , uh ... [ Masked Guy ] What happened , did he hang up on you ? Yeah , you know , I mean I 've got feelings too , I 've got kids ... I know you do , I know you do . It 's really just , you know , this is not well . [ Masked Guy ] What is wrong with that guy ? I don 't know , he wants us to wait here . I thought he wanted us to go to the ocean . No , no beach anymore , he wants us to wait right here . Wait a minute , was it supposed to be the beach or the ocean ? Well both I guess . It was the beach , which is at the ocean , but now it 's here . Oh , okay , how come ? ( thwip , thwip ) Are we dying ? Yes . ( laughing ) Well that was lucky . ( laughing ) Oh shit , that The Witch Warrior ? Yup , that 'd be him . Oh this can only go well . ( buzzing ) ( grunting , laughing ) ( sneezing ) God , that arm is brilliant , mate . But you might think about keeping it clean . This climate is Machiavellian . What we wouldn 't give for a flat on the ocean with no parasites and clean air . We 're paid to kill people in the desert , but we 're philosophically opposed to dirt . Our charge in life is fantastically ironic . See this ? If her heart stops beating , we , and whoever 's nearby who just killed us explode . That 's what they told us anyway . It 's a deterrent to protect us from assassination . The mad king , in his infinite wisdom , wired it to all his finest assassins . Guy 's a wanker , make a note of that . I will , thank you . [ Warrior ] Right , upon finding you , we are meant to transport you to The King directly whereupon it 's on to your execution before his eyes . But that 's no matter now , this changes everything . We killed some Scouts who were carrying this . Thankfully , we know The Oracle isn 't really dead , but we 're sure she 's quite upset nevertheless . Have you spoken to her ? Sadly , no , we can 't find her . And that , my dear , is why we 're disobeying orders , jumping the gun , reaching Command and being an otherwise right git by using you for our own splendidly selfish gains . Now this is a portal . Should lead straight to The King , zap . This is where we would drop you off later were we not disobeying orders , jumping the gun , breaching Command and being an otherwise ... We got it . [ Sol ] How does it work ? Get my manual , there we go . Apply hand to surface . All right , suppose we 'll give that a go . You realize this won 't end well for you . Unless you make a deal with us that would transpire thusly , you take us to The Oracle , and we 'll release you . Why do you wanna see The Oracle ? That , my dear , is between her and us . [ Sol ] You let Cleo go now , and I 'll help you find her . I 've seen her summon before . No bright ideas . ( snap , snap ) ( buzzing ) I hope that 's the most work we 'll do all day . You can come back for her after . Fine , let 's go . [ Warrior ] You and that arm seem useful . When The Oracle 's out of the way and we 're in charge , perhaps you could be our personal minion . - ( whirring ) - I appreciate that ! ( action music ) Are you out to ruin our day ? ( grunting ) ( buzzing ) ( arm whirring ) [ Cleo ] Sol , what are you doing ? ! Keeping my promise , he 's not dead . You didn 't promise to get beaten to death . [ Sol ] Well I don 't see you helping the situation ! [ Cleo ] Can 't you knock him out ? No , good thought though . ( arm whirring ) ( portal humming ) ( suspenseful music ) King ! The King ! The Nomad King , where are you ? ! Hello ! Woah ... Welcome back . Back ? I know , you don 't remember . Have a seat in that chair . Don 't worry , Cleo will be fine . Put those on . Please . I believe I deserve to be seen properly . I thought things got screwed up when that woman got involved , but you made it . Thank you for not killing all the Scouts this time . We can reuse them if you like . Reuse ? Oh yes , The Empire 's population is wearing thinner and thinner , but don 't worry , sir , I 'll keep you well stacked . Why do you keep calling me sir ? All right , I apologize . I should keep this simple . I 'm not The King . You are . I 'm your personal Physician . And loyal servant , here again running the show for you as promised . Ever since you replaced The King . Because since then , this part of the world got boring ! We have no war . That 's a lie . I 'm not The King , I escaped from prison . You did the first time . Now I just reset your memory back to then every time . Every time ? Oh you 've played this game ... I don 't even know how many times , a lot . It 's your entertainment . After you 've conquered this fairly isolated region of the world , you had me set up this repeating event where you go on a mission to kill Catherine and The King . Now each adventure is different , but at the end the latest Witch Warrior sends you here , you duel , you fight , you win . I strap this onto your head and I reset you . Back to the beginning . That 's impossible ! Not really . Catherine didn 't murder your father . You left Paradise , killed her , killed The Nomad King , and took the throne for yourself . Well done , sir . However , lately I 've noticed that you need to kill more and more people to reach any level of satisfaction whatsoever . It 's gonna be problematic for me if we keep going at this rate , you know ? No . I made a promise to never kill again . No , this is who you are . Ahh , ow ! [ Sol ] You 're lying to me . No , I 'm not . I am serving you faithfully . ( buzzing ) Sir , put this on . You 'll wake up thinking you 've stolen the access card and are fresh out of prison . My men from West will arrive shortly and cure your Sun Disease . The next Catherine , who you didn 't get to meet this time because you are a titch early , is a sitting image of the original , so if you happen to contract Sun Disease again , you get it about half the time . We 'll cure you again just before so that you can see her and savor your kill . What about my arm ? That can 't happen every time . About that ... We can 't reset that because last time what happened is you got too carried away , and you killed the previous Witch Warrior . When he blew up , you burnt your arm . Now they don 't carry real bombs anymore . We 've replaced them with something else . It 's a secret , they don 't know . So I worked your arm into the scenario . Eh , do you like this ? Wow , do you like this one , do you want a new one ? What happens if I die ? ( laughing ) You ? We 've had a couple of close calls , but that particular outcome , I think , is highly unlikely . All right , you know what ? I like the idea of you having a sexy female guide , I can add that . You can fall in love , become a little more human . What do you think ? Wait , The Oracle , she 's real . Yes , but I wanna keep her out of the picture . That woman , she wasn 't supposed to get involved . So just whatever she said to you , just forget it . Well you 're about to forget it anyway . Not forget , we repress your memories , we do not erase them , you are still you under it all . Sir , what are you doing ? Ow , ugh ! Ahh ! [ Sol ] This is a trick ! What happens if I don 't put this on ? [ Oracle ] Then you 'll have a chance to save Cleo . The Witch Warrior will kill her . What are you doing here ? Fulfilling my promise to Cleo . I told her I 'd take care of her . Is that why you had her robbed ? [ Oracle ] Yes , I promised her a family . How else was I supposed to get her out of here ? I called her to take you to the West , but she missed the call thanks to you , and I had to leave my vacation to come fix everything . Nothing but lunatics in the West , sir . You 're not supposed to be here , lady ! And you shouldn 't tamper with my design . This cycle 's fragile and precise . He made me promise to keep this going , and I have . Sol , do you want to be a monster forever ? This idiot here , this complete fool , would have you believe that you are a King . But I say you are the sad ruler of a land that owns you . ( laughing ) It 's ludicrous ! Sir , put my device on . This land has nothing left but your excellency . I got mini societies built around your patterns . You are The Empire . Forget about Cleo , I 'll get you a better girl . You can have 10 girls , 20 ! Is Cleo going to die if she stays with me ? [ Oracle ] Yes , if you stay here in this endless cycle of violence . The West is your only hope . I have a man from the West coming , sir . He 'll supply you with new goggles . Put the device on . I can do this forever . Ahh , again ? Don 't you see how this works ? You need me ! I make this world turn . ( laughs ) The world is big ! And you are tiny . If you don 't stop what you 're doing , you 're not gonna like where you end up . And break my promise ? He needs me ! Why ? You look like everybody else . Sir ... This is your dream . This is Paradise . I don 't want a revolving kingdom ! This ends now . We could change the cycle , modify it . You could live out other fantasies . Get out of my face . No , no , not the water ! What have you done ? ! My devices will be ruined ! Cleo says you travel a lot . Is that right ? You wanna go somewhere ? Yeah . Oraculum sacrum veniet nos comtua sepientia duchee ! Sepientia ducae . ( growling ) Sepenchia duchee . Sepientia ducae . That 's what we said ! No , it isn 't . You said this would work . Shame , looks like we 'll have to kill you after all . That 'll probably make her visit us right quick . Try it again ! Oraculum sacrum veniet nos comtua sepientia ducae . ( sneezes ) Hell with it . You can do it , you 're doing good . Oraculum sacrum veniet nos comtua sepientia ducae . Bitch come here ! Sorry luv , that plan 's bollocks . We 'll make this quick . ( yelps ) Sorry . Ow ! Not exactly going quick , is it ? Hold on . ( sneezes ) Useless piece of equipment . You don 't have to take it personally . Maybe you could just quickly dehydrate for us . What are you running around with Sol for anyway ? It 's pointless to fall in love these days . And if Sol is still alive , he 's probably selling you out somewhere . No he isn 't . Darling , what 's the point ? Hope is the major prerequisite of misery . It takes days to dehydrate , doesn 't it ? There 's got to be an easier way than this to establish disgusting quantities of wealth and power . If only there was a way to do it from a hammock . You don 't strike me as the take over the world type . Not take over , rule . ( laughs ) There 's a big difference . Taking over takes all the work ! Somebody else does that . Contractors likely . We simply rule over a previously conquered Empire from a quiet den . Let 's walk to The Oracle . [ Oracle ] There they are . [ Sol ] You 're not interested in letting The Witch Warrior find you ? Just because I haven 't died yet doesn 't mean I wanna push my luck . What 's going to happen to The Empire without me ? Oh , I think we 'll survive . Here , Cleo will love these . I 've got one better . She loves these flowers . Take the shoes , trust me . I 'm sorry I took your head off . How 'd you come back ? What good is an Oracle if she tells her secrets ? You think anyone can do what I do ? Now go . You kids are a long time away from happiness and babies , nothing 's over yet . Happiness and what ? Have you heard of The Isle De Roca ? You mean the secret island of Lemorian survivors . Home to untold tons of wealth ? We might have . [ Cleo ] If I gave you a map to it , would you forget about The Oracle and let me go ? [ Warrior ] So you can go after Sol ? Are you trying to make more trouble for yourself ? Yes . Think we could pay someone to take this bomb off ? Fine , you produce this map , you 're free to get yourself killed by someone else . Hmmm , this is better than ruling The Empire . We could buy a whole country and retire . Thank you . Thank you . Get going then ... Oh , bugger ! But I had it under control . I know what I 'm doing . Oh sh ... ( groaning ) What 's going on ? No one 's ever escape The King , ever ! Well he couldn 't have escaped unless he killed The King , right ? Of course right , so you must 've killed him . And killing The King means you 've become The King . So you are The King now ! You 're actually on the right track . All right . [ Cleo ] Really ? Okay , you have to listen to him . In theory , yes , but , you know , unless I replace him ... Wealth , power . You can have it all ! My wonderful kingdom of dirt , take it . It doesn 't work like that . You see , you have to die , or someone will find out . I can keep a secret . ( laughing , coughing ) Fight me . What ... ( action music ) ( growling ) Ah , oooh , ah , ah ! [ Warrior ] To the death ! You will die so we can be King ! In just a minute . Catch us ! We don 't have to . We will pay every assassin on Earth to find you . Everywhere you go , your names will be known . Even the West won 't take you in because whoever takes you in will be murdered . Their children will be murdered . Anyone who sees your face and doesn 't try to kill you will be murdered . There will be no end to your suffering . So fight me . Fight me . Fight me ! ( sneezes ) Does he count ? Fight me ! Come on , fight me , fight me ! Fight me ! ( buzzing , whirring ) ( machine running ) ( crunching ) Now look what you 've done ! It is extremely uncomfortable . Cleo , come here . Get us out and you can have the map back . We 're not going to explode , see ? Right , one last thing , you 're dead ! ( beep ) Oh ... ( coughing ) ( machine running ) Oh no , that 's terrible inconvenient . ( dramatic music ) ( muffled gasp ) ( machine whirring , crunching ) ( beep ) ( beep ) Don 't worry about the gas , sir , it 's temporary . You and The Oracle just had to get involved , didn 't you ? Women , I swear they 'll be the death of me . ( zapping ) Here we go , okay , okay . ( fizzes out ) Got it ... Gah ! I 'll have to reset you at my outpost . What the ... Oh , ooo , you almost took him away from me . And you killed my Witch Warrior ! I really liked that one . You love Sol , don 't you ? When the paralysis wears off , I hope you come find him . See , I 'm resetting his memory . You 'll be a stranger to him . In fact , he 'll probably kill you . I want you to understand this . Whatever you and The Oracle think you 've accomplished , I 'm undoing it . Come on , Sol , let 's get you back home . ( grunting ) ( dramatic music ) ( phone ringing ) Hello ? [ Oracle ] Sweetheart ! ( eerie music ) Whoever you are , you don 't belong in that chair ! Get out ! Hello ! Get off there ! Yeah , I 'm talking to you . But I have to sit down . I hurt my leg , see ? My daddy made that crutch for me . What are you doing with it ? He tried to take it away too , but I wanted to dance with it . He asked me what kind of dancing do I do . So I showed him , I showed him good . I danced with Daddy . Would you like to dance with me ? The Oracle said you would . Absolutely not ! The King may return at any moment , so get ... Ooooooh ... You get off there ! Mmmmm , no . You do as I say ! No . ( gasp ) ( yelp ) Disobeying me ... Is the same as disobeying The King himself . Ah , ahhh ! ( giggling ) I got your spine , didn 't I ? Ooooo ... We can dance for a long time now . ( harmonic music ) [ Cleo ] Sol ! Who are you ? How do you know my name ? It 's me , Cleo . You know me . Lady , I don 't know you . Did he fix your eyes ? Can you see my face with those eyes ? I can see your face . Look , I 'm sure you 're a lovely woman , but I don 't have time for you . Wait , don 't you at least recognize my voice ? No ! Well what 's the last thing you remember ? See ? A prison , I was in prison . My memory 's fine , you 're confused , leave ! No , I know you . I wouldn 't have done that if I were you . Let me go . Before you get hurt , let me go . I can 't , I can 't . No ! ( choking ) They fixed your arm too . The bolt came up before . What ? This desert is filled with crazy people ! I can 't ... We 're in love . ( dramatic music ) Oh ... ( rock ballad music )
