 Claire : People disappear all the time . Young girls run away from home . Children stray from their parents and are never seen again . Housewives take the grocery money And a taxi to the train station . Most are found , eventually . Disappearances , after all , have explanations . Usually . Strange , the things you remember . Single images and feelings that stay with you down through the years . Like the moment I 'd realized , I 'd never owned a vase . That I 'd never lived in any place long enough To justify having such a simple thing . And how at that moment , I wanted nothing so much in all the world As to have a vase of my very own . It was a Tuesday afternoon , Six months after the end of the war . ( men groaning ) Oh , god ! Hold him . Hold him right now ! You hear me ? Wounded soldier : Jesus christ ! You 're going home , right ? Wounded soldier : Oh , god ! Claire : We 'll have to clamp the femoral artery Before he bleeds out ! Right . You 're going home , you 're going home . Oh ! Oh , my god ! ( groaning ) Wounded soldier : Oh , jesus ! Move . Doctor : We 've got him now , nurse . Doctor : Scalpel ! ( people talking indistinctly ) ( all cheering ) Claire ! Did you hear ? It 's over ! It 's really , finally over ! Hi ! ( all cheering ) Claire : Somehow , in my mind , v-e day , The end of the bloodiest and most terrible war in human history , Grows fainter with each passing day . But I can still recall every detail of the day , When I saw the life I wanted sitting in a window . I sometimes wonder what would have happened If I 'd bought that vase and made a home for it . Would that have changed things ? Would I have been happy ? Who can say ? I do know this . Even now , After all the pain and death And heartbreak that followed , I still would make the same choice . ( folk music playing ) ( big band music playing on radio ) Claire : We were in scotland on our second honeymoon . Or at least that 's what frank called it . A way to celebrate the end of the war years and begin our lives anew . But it was more than that . I think we both felt a holiday would be a convenient masquerade For the real business of Getting to know the people we 'd become After five years apart . Frank : What do you suppose that is ? Huh ? Oh , good lord . Blood . Are you sure ? I think I should know the look of blood by now . There 's a stain just like it on the house next door . There 's two more over there . We seem to be surrounded by homes marked with blood . Perhaps pharaoh has refused moses And the spirit of death will travel the streets of inverness tonight Sparing only those who mark their doors with lamb 's blood . Frank : You may be closer than you think . There will be some sort of sacrificial ritual , But it 's a bit pagan rather than hebrew . I had no idea inverness was such a hotbed of contemporary paganism . Well , my dear , there 's no place on earth With more magic and superstition mixed into its daily life Than the scottish highlands . ( chuckles ) Shall we ? Lead on . The blood you saw is that of a black cockerel . It 's an old custom at this time of year To make such a sacrifice to honor saint odhran . Ah ! Odhran , he was sainted in the eighth century ? You know yer history . I 'm afraid my husband is a historian , mrs . Baird . He 'll quite happily stand here holding forth for hours If you encourage him . Oh , hardly . Highland folklore is far from my specialty , But am I right in thinking there 's an ... Is there an old saying associated with saint odhran ? ( speaking other language ) Yes . " the earth went over odhran 's eyes . " He was buried alive voluntarily . Charming . Are ye a professor then , mr . Randall ? I will be soon . Oh ! He 's accepted a post at oxford beginning in two weeks . Ah , then this is a last holiday Before settling down to a workaday life again , is it ? Well ye picked a bonnie time to be here , just nigh on samhain . I take it that 's gaelic for Halloween ? Well , Halloween is derived from samhain . The church often took pagan holidays And renamed them for their own purposes . Samhain became Halloween , Yule became christmas , and so on ... Well , you 're both welcome at the festival , of course . Mind you , ghosts are freed on the feast days , And they 'll be wandering about , Free to do good or ill as they please . Of course . What would Halloween ... Samhain be without a good ghost story ? And we have those for sure . I 'll show you to your room . Claire : Before the war , we were inseparable . But for the next five years , We saw each other a grand total of 10 days . It 's not without its charms . Beats an army tent and a cot in the mud . Indeed . Claire : When the war ended , We both thought things would return to the way they once were , But they hadn 't . ( sighs ) ( bed squeaking ) Gosh ! Hmm . So much for marital privacy . Do you think the sound carries ? Well , I think it 's fair to say Mrs. Baird will be kept apprised Of any renewed attempts to start a family . ( clears throat ) Lazybones . You 'll never manage the next branch on your family tree If you don 't show more industry than that . Oh , really ? ( laughing ) what are you doing ? Come on . Mrs. Randall , What am I to do with you ? Right . Ridiculous . What are we doing ? We 're gonna break the bed . ( bed squeaking ) ( both laughing ) You know , one of those things I used to try and remember lying in my cot , Was the sound of my husband 's laugh . I couldn 't conjure it no matter what I did . I couldn 't hear it even though I 'd heard it a million times before . It 's the strangest thing . I know . I used to , um ... I used to sketch this . My hand ? Mmm . Well ... The lines , really . Why exactly , I 'm not sure , But I had a very clear memory Of this ... This pattern . Made little doodles everywhere . There was ... A brigadier once dressed me down Because I 'd drew it in the margin of a report for the minister . Yeah . Claire ... Shh . ( rhythmic squeaking ) ( swing music playing on radio ) Happy ? Yes . Claire : Frank 's passion for history Was another reason for choosing the highlands . You see up there ? The top there , that 's cocknammon rock . And in the 17th and 18th centuries , You 'd have often found a british army patrol up there Lying in wait for scottish rebels or brigands . You can see how it commands the high ground in every direction ? It was a perfect position for an ambush . Claire : Not that I minded . I was raised by my uncle After the death of my parents . ( man speaking indistinctly ) Claire : Uncle lamb was an archeologist , So , I 'd spent the balance of my formative years Traipsing through dusty ruins And various excavations throughout the world . I 'd learned to dig latrines and boil water , And to do a number of other things Not suitable for a young lady of gentle birth . Uncle ? Ah , yes . Very smart . Claire : Frank 's new-found passion was genealogy . His personal genealogy , that is . Mine was botany . I 'd developed a keen interest In the use of plants and herbs for medicinal purposes . So , from what I can gather , Castle leoch was the ancestral home Of the laird of the mackenzie clan Until midway through the 19th century . Mmm . We 'll take a look ? Claire : In a way , burying himself in the distant past Gave frank an ability to escape the recent . While I was with the army , frank had served in london . Intelligence , overseeing spies , And running covert operations . So , I think this might have been the kitchen . Really ? I would say that 's probably a hearth . Yeah . Strange . I have no evidence that my ancestor visited this castle , But it was within his operational sphere . So , it is just possible that he walked these very halls . Claire : He 'd sent dozens of men Behind the lines on secret missions , And most never came back . He didn 't talk about it very often , But I knew it preyed on him . It won 't open . Come on . Three , two , one ... ( exhales deeply ) What do you think this was used for ? From the lack of proper lighting and ventilation , I would say province of the castle hermit . Or perhaps a troll or two . I don 't think trolls live in pairs . Solitary creatures , they . It 's a pity . All this , And no one to share it with . You 'll get dirty . You can give me a bath . Why , mrs . Randall , I do believe you 've left your undergarments at home . Hmm . ( inhales deeply ) ( breathing heavily ) Frank : Yes ! Yes , yes , yes . I found him . Reverend wakefield : Oh , indeed . Let us have a look . Him ? Is it walter ? No , darling , jonathan . Jonathan wolverton randall finally . Captain of dragoons in the british army , And your direct ancestor . Exactly . Otherwise known as " black jack . " A rather dashing nickname That he probably acquired while he was stationed here in the 1740s . The reverend has found a series of army dispatches That mention the captain by name . How exciting . Mmm . It is . Good to see all your sleuthing over the past week has paid off . ( chuckles ) hmm . Yes , I was beginning to wonder . It appears black jack commanded the garrison At fort william for four years or so . Seems to have spent quite a bit of his time Harassing the scottish countryside On behalf of the crown . Well , he was hardly alone in that endeavor . The english were deeply unpopular Throughout the highlands in the 18th century . And well into the 20th , it would seem . I distinctly heard the barman at that pub last night Refer to us as " sassenachs . " I hope you didn 't take offense . It only means " englishman , " after all , Or at worst , " outlander . " Mmm . I 've brought you a wee bit of refreshment , gentlemen . I 've brought but the two cups , For I thought perhaps mrs . Randall might care to join me in the kitchen ... Yes . Yes , absolutely . Thank you . See you later . Is this supposed to be here ? ( moans ) Ah ! It 's been so long since I 've had a good cup oolong . Aye , I couldn 't get it during the war . It 's the best for the readings , though . Oh , I had a terrible time with that earl grey . The leaves fall apart so fast , It 's hard to tell anything at all . ( thunder rumbling ) So , you read tea leaves , then ? Like my grandmother taught me . And her grandmother before that . Drink up your cup . Let 's see what we 've got there . Well , am I going to meet a tall , dark stranger And take a trip across the sea ? Could be . Or could not . Everything in it is contradictory . There 's the curved leaf , which indicates a journey , But it 's crossed by the broken one , which means staying put . Hmm . And there are strangers there , to be sure , several of them . And one of them 's your husband , If I read the leaves all right . Show me your hand , dear . Odd . Most hands have a likeness to them . There are patterns , you know ? But this is a pattern I 've not seen before . The large thumb , now ? Means that you 're strong-minded , And you have a will not easily crossed . And this is your mount of venus . In a man , it means he likes the lasses , But it is a bit different for a woman . To be polite about it , Your husband is not likely to stray far from your bed . ( laughs ) The lifeline 's interrupted , all bits and pieces . The marriage-line 's divided , means two marriages . But ... Most divided lines are broken . Yours is ... Forked . ( door opening ) But I suspect your ancestor had a patron . A prominent and powerful man Who could protect him from the censure of his superiors . Frank : Possibly , but it would have to have been Someone very high up in the hierarchy of the day To exert that kind of influence . The duke of sandringham . The duke of sandringham ! But hold on . Wasn 't sandringham a suspected jacobite himself ? Aye . You know , I believe you 're right . And the duke died under very suspicious circumstances Just before the battle of ... ( dishes clattering ) None of that , none of that ! Stand away before you do some permanent damage . I think we 're getting somewhere at last . I 'm really glad to hear it , But I think I shall take my leave . Oh , so soon ? Yes . I feel a bath is in order . Aye , of course . Well , I 'll hope you will join us for samhain tomorrow night ? What ? The pagan festival ? Reverend wakefield , you do astonish me . ( chuckles ) I love a good ghost story as much as the next fellow . All right . Take your time , darling . Do try to get home before the storm breaks . I will . ( thunder rumbling ) Claire : I 'd never put any stock in superstition And my catholicism was nominal at best . However , I couldn 't shake the feeling That mrs . Graham 's words had a ring of prophecy . The war had taught me to cherish the present Because tomorrow might not ever come to pass . But what I didn 't know at the time Was that tomorrow would prove less important Than yesterday . Jesus h . Roosevelt christ ! Excuse me , can I help you with something ? ( electricity crackling ) ( thunder rumbling ) Frank , I was hoping to have the whole place lit up by the time you got back . Darling , what 's the matter ? Frank ? Hmm ? You look like you 've seen a ghost . I 'm not at all sure that I haven 't . When he pushed past me , He was close enough That I should have felt him brush my sleeve as he passed , But I ... Didn 't . And then I turned around to say something and he had gone . ( snaps fingers ) he just vanished . That 's when I Felt a chill down my spine . Hmm . Did you have many scots in your charge during the war ? Yes , there was quite a few . There was one in particular . He was a piper in the third seaforths . He couldn 't stand being stuck with a needle . It was ... All right . What is it exactly , that , uh , You 're asking me , frank ? When I saw that chap staring up at you , I thought he might be someone you had nursed . Someone who might be looking for you now to reconnect . To " reconnect ? " It wouldn 't be unusual . I mean , it wouldn 't be surprising if you had a source of ... Comfort , or ... Are you asking me if I 've been unfaithful ? Claire . Is that what you think of me , frank ? No , darling . No . No . All I meant was that even if you had , It will make no difference to me . I love you . And nothing you could ever do Could stop my loving you . Forgive me . Forgive me ? Of course . Claire : Sex was our bridge back to one another . The one place where we always met . Whatever obstacles presented themselves during the day or night , We could seek out and find each other again in bed . As long as we had that , I had faith everything would work out . ( church bell tolling ) That reminds me I want to set an alarm . No . I thought we weren 't setting alarms on this trip . I want to see the witches . ( laughs ) Must I ask ? Apparently , there 's a circle of standing stones On a hill just outside the village , And there 's a local group who still observe rituals there . Well , they 're not actually witches . This lot are meant to be druids . Sadly , I don 't think there 'll be a coven of devil-worshippers . What a pity . Can 't imagine anything I 'd rather do . Liar . Where will we be watching this spectacle ? A place called craigh na dun . Mmm-hmm . Frank : So , according to local folklore , These stones were carried here from africa By a race of celtic giants . I wasn 't aware that celts made a lot of trips to africa . Only the giant ones . Is that inverness ? Yes , it must be . ( leaves rustling ) ( whispers ) someone 's coming . ( folk music playing ) Is that mrs . Graham ? I think it is . The reverend 's housekeeper is a witch . Not a witch . Druid , remember ? Claire : They should have been ridiculous , And perhaps they were . Parading in circles on top of a hill . But the hairs on the back of my neck prickled at the sight , And some small voice inside warned me I wasn 't supposed to be here . I was an unwelcome voyeur to something ancient and powerful . ( music continues ) ( speaking other language ) ( music stops ) ( indistinct conversations ) ( exhales ) ( chuckles ) Woman : Wait for me ! I 've forgotten something . I 'll be there in a minute . Claire , someone 's coming . ( whispers ) can you see her ? ( softly ) we should go . ( music playing on radio ) What have you got there ? Um , I 'm looking for that plant . I think it 's a forget-me-not , but I 'm not sure . Why don 't you pop back and get it ? I was considering it . Would you care to go with me ? Darling , I 'd love to , But I 've got an appointment with the reverend . He found a box of materials last night . Bills of sale from black jack 's quartermaster . That sounds terribly exciting . Are you laughing at me ? Never . Shall I meet you for dinner later ? Yes . Love you . Love you . Come here . ( rumbling ) ( wind howling ) Claire : Once , traveling at night , I fell asleep in the passenger seat of a moving car , Lulled by the noise and motion into an illusion of serene weightlessness . Then the driver took a bridge too fast . And I woke to see the world spinning outside the car windows , And the sickening sensation of falling at high speed . That is as close as I can come to describing what I experienced , But it falls woefully short . What ? ( panting ) ( gunshot ) Claire : When confronted with the impossible , The rational mind will grope for the logical . ( gunshot ) ( man shouting indistinctly ) Claire : Perhaps I had stumbled onto the set of a cinema company Filming a costume drama of some sort . ( screams ) ( man shouting indistinctly ) ( speaking other language ) Claire : But there was no logical reason For actors to fire live ammunition . ( gunshot ) ( gasping ) ( gunshot ) Frank ? What the devil are you doing ? You 're not frank . No , madam . I am not . Who the bloody hell are you ? I am jonathan randall esquire , Captain of his majesty 's eighth dragoons . At your service . ( gasping ) Who are you ? My husband is expecting me . He 'll come looking for me If I 'm not back in 10 minutes . Your husband ? What 's his name ? ( screams ) What is his name ? Frank . Frank what ? Frank beauchamp . He 's a teacher . Well , it 's a pleasure to meet you , Mrs. Frank beauchamp , a teacher 's wife . You must think me the fool . You would be well advised to tell me exactly who you are And why you 're here . Madam , you 'll find my patience is not infinite . Get off me , you bastard . Ah ! The speech of a lady , And the language of a whore . I choose the whore . ( grunting ) ( fabric tearing ) ( grunting ) ( speaking other language ) What ? ( speaking other language ) Who are you ? Where are we going ? Where are we go ... Man : Over here ! You men over there ! Quickly ! ( muffled scream ) Claire : I wanted it to be a dream , But I knew it wasn 't . ( claire groaning ) If nothing else , my erstwhile savior fairly wreaked of odors Too foul to be part of any dream I was likely to conjure up . ( door closing ) ( speaking foreign language ) Let 's have a look at you then , lass . I trust you 're able to see me now ? What 's your name ? Claire : I decided to continue using my maiden name . If they intended to ransom me , I didn 't want to lead them back to frank . Claire . Claire beauchamp . That 's right . And just what the hell do you think ... You said you found her ? Aye . She was havin ' words With a certain captain of dragoons With whom we are acquainted . There seemed to be some question As to whether the lady was or was not a whore . And what was the lady 's position in this discussion ? I am not . We could put her to the test . I don 't hold with rape . And we don 't have time for it , anyway . Murtagh : Dougal , I 've no idea what she might be or who , But I 'll stake my best shirt she 's no a whore . We 'll puzzle it out later . Dougal : We 've got a good distance to go tonight And we must do something about jamie first . Claire : Escape was my chief concern , But I had no idea where I was . And trying to find the road back to inverness in the gathering darkness Felt like a fool 's errand . Out o ' joint , poor bugger . You can 't ride with it like that , can you , lad ? Hurts bad enough sitting still . I couldna manage a horse . I don 't mean to be leaving him behind . There 's no help for it , then . I 'll have to force the joint back . Claire : The wisest course of action Would have been to keep my head down , My mouth shut , And wait for the search parties Frank must have called out by now . Here , lad . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) Angus : Hold him . ( jamie groaning ) Don 't you dare ! Stand aside at once . You 'll break his arm if you do it like that . You have to get the bone of the upper arm in the correct position Before it slips back into joint . ( winces ) Hold him steady . ( groaning ) This is the worst part . ( grunting ) ( speaking other language ) It doesn 't hurt anymore ! It will . It will be tender for a week . You 'll need a sling . You , fetch me a long piece of cloth or a belt . " fetch me " she says ? Do ye hear that , lads ? Give her yer belt . I 'm taking a guess you 've done this before . I 'm a nurse . Not a wet nurse . You mustn 't move the joint for two or three days . When you begin to use it again , go very slowly at first . Stop at once if it hurts , And use warm compresses on it daily . All right , how does that feel ? Better . Thank ye . Can you ride ? Aye . Good . We 're leaving . ( speaking indistinctly ) Where is it ? Where 's the city ? It should be visible from here . Jamie : Inverness ? You 're looking straight at it . Claire : There were no electric lights As far as the eye could see . So , as much as my rational mind rebelled against the idea , I knew in my heart I was no longer in the 20th century . ( grunts ) Dougal : Get yourself up . You be sure to stay close to the rest of us . And should ye try anythin ' else , I shall slit your throat for you . Do you understand me ? Gimme your foot . Give it to me . ( speaking other language ) Careful ! What are you trying to do ? Get my plaid loose to cover you . You 're shivering . Thank you , but I 'm fine , really . You 're shaking so hard , it 's making my teeth rattle . The plaid will keep us both warm , But I canna do it one-handed . Can ye reach ? ( groans ) ( speaking other language ) We don 't want you to freeze before sun-up . Sun-up ? You mean we 'll be riding all night ? All night , And the next one , too , I reckon . Fine time of year for a ride , though . ( speaking other language ) You see up there ? I know this place . Been through here before have ye ? Yes . ... The 17th and 18th centuries , You 'd have often found a british army patrol up there . I recognize that rock . The one that looks like a cock 's tail ? It has a name . ( speaking other language ) The cocknammon rock . The english , they use it for ambushes ! They could be lying in wait right now . It 's a bonnie place for an ambush right enough . Dougal . Dougal . Dougal . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) Now , you 'll be telling me exactly how and why You come to know there 's an ambush up ahead . I don 't know , But I 've heard the redcoats use cocknammon ... Where did you hear ? In the village . ( speaking other language ) ( gasping ) ( speaking other language ) ( man screaming ) ( gunshots ) Lost yer way ? Hope you haven 't been misusing that shoulder . You 're hurt ! This lot isn 't my blood . Not much of it anyway . Dougal and the others will be waiting further up the stream . We should go . I 'm not going with you ! Yes , you are . What ? Are you going to cut my throat if I don 't ? Why , no ? But ... You don 't look that heavy . Now if ye won 't walk , I shall pick you up and throw you over my shoulder . Do ye want me to do that ? No ! Well , then , I suppose that means you 're coming with me . ( jamie groaning ) serves you right . Probably torn muscles as well as bruising . Well , it wasn 't much of a choice . If I 'd not moved my shoulder , I 'd never have moved anything else ever again . I can handle a single redcoat with one hand Maybe even two . But not three . Besides , ye can fix it for me again When we get to where we 're going . That 's what you think . It was hard . Here 's to you , lassie ! For tipping us to the villains in the rocks and giving us a bit o ' fun ! ( speaking other language ) ( men laughing ) Have a wee nip . It willna fill your belly , but it will make ye forget you 're hungry . Stop ! Help ! He 's going over ! Help me get him up ! Come on . Take it easy . Easy now . Gunshot wound . The idiot could 've said something . It 's a clean exit . I think the round 's gone straight through the muscle . I don 't think it 's serious , But he 's lost a lot of blood . It 'll need to be disinfected Before I can dress it properly . Disinfect ? Yes , it must be cleaned of dirt To protect it from germs . Germs ? Just get me some iodine . Merthiolate ? Alcohol ? ( muttering indistinctly ) Angus : Here you go . ( gasps ) ( speaking other language ) Welcome back . I 'm all right , just a wee bit dizzy . You are not all right . Didn 't you tell how badly you were bleeding ? You 're lucky you 're not dead , Brawling and fighting and throwing yourself off horses . All right , I need a sterile bandage and some clean cloth . Jesus h . Roosevelt christ . Hold still . ( winces ) Easy . Lift him up . Come on you god damn bloody bastard . I 've never heard a woman use such language in my life . Your husband should tan ye hide , woman . St. Paul says , " let a woman be silent , and ... " You can mind your own bloody business and so can st . Paul ! And if you move so much as a single muscle While I 'm tying this bandage , I 'll bloody throttle you . Uh , threats is it ? And after I shared my drink with ye . We have 15 miles to go yet . Five hours , at the least , if not seven . We 'll stay long enough for ye to stem the bleeding and dress the wound . No more than that . He needs rest . Did you hear me ? Randall ... The " officer " ye encountered He won 't give up so easily . He commands the redcoats hereabouts And he 'll have patrols out in every direction by now . We canna stay here long . You know randall . Black jack randall , that is ? Aye . I won 't risk you or anyone else Being taken prisoner by that man . If ye canna fix me up well enough to ride , Then you 'll all be leaving me here with a loaded pistol So I may determine my own fate . You might 've well told me you were shot before you fell off the horse . Dinna hurt much at the time . Does it hurt now ? Aye . Good . That 's about all I can do . The rest is up to you . Thank you , sassenach . Truly . All right , on your horse , soldier . Claire : Castle leoch . I 'd been here with frank two days ago . Or was that in the future ? How could I remember something that hadn 't happened yet ? So far , I 'd been assaulted , Threatened , kidnapped and nearly raped . And somehow , I knew that my journey had only just begun .
