 Previously on Continuum ... Thought I 'd let you sleep in . This didn 't happen and it 'll never happen again . There 's some pinhead CSIS agent here . It 's Gardiner here , I want you to run a check on an outfit called Section 6 . You know , I protected you and you lied to me . It was politics , it wasn 't personal . Congratulations on your win . We 're done . Wait , I know you ... blue eyes ! You were at the execution . You 're just like me , you 're from the future ! What exactly are we dealing with here ? 2,000 pounds of classified gel concentrate , Military grade . We will write history together , brother . The battle isn 't over . Get the hell off of me ! It 's hardly begun . We 'll meet again . You know there are other time jumpers here ... I 'm talking about the privateers , the uh ... free-lancers . Mr. Escher . The truth is , I 'm the one that sent you back in time . And you 're not gonna believe why . You followed me . Where 's Kagame ? Kagame was in the building when it exploded . He also told me that after he died today , he wanted me to do something important ... he wanted me to succeed him . ( grunts ) No ... no ... ( pounding ) Somebody ... Somebody let me out ! Let me out ! ( Screaming ) God ! No ! No ! Kiera ... are you okay ? My head is killing me . Okay , let me get you something . I 've got some meds in my travel kit . It feels like something went wrong with my CMR . Your CMR ? Mom ? Oh sweetie , come here ! I 'm fine , I didn 't mean to wake you up . I don 't know , a download went wrong or a chip failure ... Don 't worry , it 's getting better already , I promise . Can we talk about this ? I don 't think so . Kagame was very specific ... I take over Liber8 . I have no doubt . You 've proved your loyalty time and time again . I want you to think about what that loyalty means ... You can 't do this . I know you better than Kagame . You can 't do this , not to me . If you can 't be with the person you chose to ... ( gunfire ) ( fighting grunts ) Shit ... Clear ! No change . Charge of 300 ... and clear . Nothing . Call it . Somebody write up the paperwork . Good effort guys . What the hell is that ? ( Fighting noises ) Get out of the way , you guys ! Out of the way , out of the way ! Move it ! Move it ! Move it ! Aaaargh ! Sonya ! Hey ! Sorry guys , authorized personnel only . It 's cool , we 've got authorization . ( fighting grunts ) You saw nothing ... are we clear ? Then run . That the last one ? Yup . Sorry I couldn 't help more , man . Went through a major raid in War Craft and you know how it is . Yeah ... So what 's with this last minute move anyway , problems at home ? I just needed a change . Oh hey , uh ... so , um ... Oh yeah rent , sorry . I forgot . I 'm a little short , I 'm gonna have to hit an ATM tomorrow . ( buzzing sounds ) Alec , it 's me . This is my fourth message ... maybe your phone 's not working . We should really talk about the message from you , you know who . Call me back . What message ? Please don 't do that . You wanted to see me ? Here I am . And I should be grateful ? Well , considering the ignominious way you used me and then tossed me away , I 'd say uh ... I 'd say yeah , grateful would be an acceptable response . I 'd say it 's the pot calling the kettle black . Really ? You show up on my boat after the explosion , I take you in no questions asked , you spend a few days laying ... low ... Hi , can I ... I 'll have what she 's having please , thank you . And then you disappear in the middle of the night and you call me up and you act like nothing happened . 'Cause nothing did happen . And why do I feel like you are usually the one being characterized this way ? Perhaps my bad behaviour is simply masking a deep insecurity . It cripples me , you know , emotionally . You are much more evolved than that ! At least I thought so . Thank you . What 's this message about anyway ? So ... why am I here ? A time travel device sent you and seven other terrorists 65 years back in time to foster worldwide revolution against the corporations . Nice . I meant here in this bar . Couple of reasons , first Liber8 . Kagame accomplished his mission apparently , with Travis captured and Sonya in control , what 's next ? Well , it 's a multi-layered approach to ... how 'd you put it ? Revolution against the corporations . It 's gonna take time , you know , to infiltrate the criminal world , the business world , the political world ... What 's reason number two ? I need money . Oh , but that 's ... that 's really interesting because I happen to have quite a lot of it these days . Yeah , because of me . Because of you ? And how 's that ? I could 've had you arrested , I didn 't . I covered for you and here you are . Rich , alive and free . Are you blackmailing me ? Well I have to say ... this only makes you more attractive . The game is changing , Kellog . The future might be in play , you want history to turn out like it should , so do I. I want to go home to my family , I want Liber8 to fail and I will do everything to ensure that happens . How do you know the future hasn 't already been changed ? You know what they say right ? He who pays the piper calls the ... Thanks . Oh shit . What ? I was just starting to get over you . Sorry . This way Madam Mayor . What should I expect ? They 're going to focus on the city plaza bombing and the fact that Liber8 is still out there operating . Be sure to mention the arrest of Julian Randol and Travis Verta and the death of Edouard Kagame . These are solid accomplishments . They 're gonna ask about the Liber8 links to organized crime and I 've got nothing on that . Say the police are following up with some solid leads . Are they ? They don 't have anything yet but the press doesn 't know about it . Okay ... how do I look ? Like someone headed for higher office . Let 's do this . Over here ! I have a brief statement to make and then I 'll take your questions . ( gunfire ) ( Screaming ) I understand but don 't you forget ... this department put Travis Verta behind bars , that 's gotta count for something . That 's not gonna happen . Yes , but there 's ... ( knocking ) That didn 't sound promising . The chief was asked to give his resignation , he just did . So what does that mean , are you fired or promoted ? Neither . Trust me , I 'm grateful but that could all change if we don 't nail this case down . The city manager 's gonna be running things until they can arrange for a quick election . He 's worried that we 're going to lose control of the city before then . We 're not . You 're damn right we 're not . Look , I want you to put every resource we have on this assassination and you get me an arrest before they shit-can us both . All right , I 'm on it . Carlos ... Yeah ? What about Kiera ? This whole thing has Liber8 written all over it and I don 't even want to speculate about what I can only classify as the vigilante behaviour that occurred last night . Yeah , I 'll see what I can do . You okay ? If you 're asking me if I 'm adjusting to life after having a building dropped on me ... then , yeah , I think I 'm doing okay . So look , some things have changed . It 's time for you to drop the superhero act and officially get back in the game . No , I 'm better operating outside the confines of the police department . And away from the scrutiny of agent Gardiner and CSIS ? Yeah , that too . And by better you 're referring to the other night 's escapades ? If it weren 't for my escapades , Liber8 would 've taken out the entire electrical grid . That may be so , but Inspector Dillon is calling whoever pulled that stunt a vigilante . Now , if the press gets wind of that story ... He can call it what he wants , Dillon will understand . Look , Dillon is under a lot of pressure right now . Okay ? The chief just got fired so he 's going to do whatever it takes to keep his job , not to mention mine . You 're really both on the line for this ? Are you kidding me ? If we don 't figure out who 's behind the mayor 's assassination and quickly , we 're both out on our asses . All right . I 'm gonna need access to the mayor 's assassination file , photos , videos and to the crime scene . Okay , I 'll see what I can do . Was the mayor in the pocket of the corporations ? Have you met a politician that isn 't ? Okay , fine . Then who were her enemies ? Well she was pushing a lot of anti-gang legislation , so any of the organized crime outfits would be pretty happy to see her go . But those are bold tactics for them . So I gotta say Liber8 , they 're trying to shake up confidence in the system and targeting public officials seems to be doing the trick . Kiera , are you in or not ? Just to clarify ... you want me to bring Liber8 to their knees , capture the mayor 's killer and help you keep your job ? Easy ! ( chuckles ) He 's alive . Travis is alive , he 's in recovery at a prison infirmary . Gunshot wounds and broken ribs . We need to organize a rescue . The mayor was just gunned down in broad daylight , the last thing we need is to be out in the open . How many cells do we have out there ? One less , thanks to the protector and her actions last night . What are the actual numbers ? Half a dozen operational cells , half political , half militant . Shut everything down . But for how long ? Well , as long as it takes . We wait for the dust to settle , then we get back on track . After we rescue Travis ! I don 't think you heard me ... Am I missing something here ? We don 't leave soldiers behind ! And who are you to be issuing orders ? Travis is still in command ... Travis got himself shot and captured , he can 't lead from a prison . So actually yes , that does make me ranking officer , do you have a problem with that Garza ? Get me all the Intel you can on Travis . Security , anyone we have on the inside , everything . Okay , so according to forensics , the kill shot came from approximately a 35-degree angle in this direction right here . Now the shooter could 've been anywhere from 100 to 1,000 meters depending on their skill . We 've been canvassing the area but we still don 't have any leads . What about these surveillance cameras ? They 're all pointed in this direction so we have multiple angles of the mayor getting hit but almost none looking the other way . Okay , you give me access to the case files and I 'll get your shooter . ( small chuckle ) You sound pretty optimistic . Any excuse to see an old friend . Experience could be a problem . Well I thought this would be a great place to get some . I 'm not sure that you 've got what it takes . I 'm not sure that you 're ... Memory Express material ... in here . I assure you I do , I am ... I 'm great with technical equipment , people like me ... mostly . I 'm a really hard worker with some fresh ideas , I won 't let you down . Well ... I 'll be the judge of that . What can I do for you , Agent Gardiner ? Kiera Cameron . What about her ? I 'm looking for her . That makes two of us . Well I 'd appreciate it if you 'd let me know when you make contact with her , thank you . And if I don 't ? I 'm sorry , don 't ? Find her or don 't make contact with me if you do ? Yes . I don 't understand . I can see that . Look , I 'll make it simple for you ... you tell me why you 're looking for Cameron and then maybe I 'll tell you if I find her . You don 't wanna mess with me , Dillon . Actually it 's your boss and your agency I don 't wanna mess with . You make this personal , I will mess with you all day long . You 're gonna have to do better than this . That doesn 't look good . Yeah , I 'll say . Hey , I need a favour . Shoot . I need all the available video from the mayor 's assassination . No problem , it 's on the server already . Including all of the footage from every source within a kilometre of the scene in every direction . Uh ... I suppose . Even the ones not pointed at the mayor 's assassination . I 'm the geek in this conversation and I don 't understand what you 're up to . I can 't really talk about it . Okay , I 'll have it all dumped onto this for you . ( cell phone buzzing ) Shit ... There 's some lady here to see you . Uh , I 'm busy . Dude , I 'm not your freakin ' butler . You wanna turf her , do it yourself . Fine , let 's get this over with . Mom ! Alec ... Hey . I gotta run , nice to meet you . You too . Um , let 's go outside . Sorry I never called . I noticed you put all your father 's equipment in storage . Yeah , it 's temporary . Why ? Why is it temporary ? No , why all of this ? Leaving home so suddenly , giving up your work , living like this . I can 't explain it . You 're all I have left , you know . I just ... I just want my boy back . Mom , I 'm not a boy anymore . Okay , I have to do this . I have to make my own way for myself , it 's not for you or Roland , or anyone . Look , I have my reasons . Look , I 'd better get going . Of course . Maybe we could have coffee sometime . I 'd like that . Yeah , I uh ... I suppose I should go . Okay . Bye mom ! I 'm such an asshole . Shit ... Oh , that bitch ! Kiera ? I thought that might get your attention . Are we really resorting to this level of behaviour ? Look , I have work to do . If you don 't wanna help me , you wanna avoid me , fine . I will work around you . What did you upload ? A nasty virus . Seriously ? You wanna help ? You know what I 'm gonna say . Alec , you 're over thinking the message . When you get a message from your future self , telling you what my future self told me , then we can have this conversation . But until then I think this situation deserves a little over thinking . Okay , point taken . How 's the job-hunt going ? Oh I 'm sorry , is that a touchy subject also ? Look , do you want my help or not ? Yes , please . I thought so ... Whoa , what did you do ? I reconstructed the exact moment of the assassination using 360 degrees of available surveillance footage . The kill shot . Is this how you solve murders in 2077 ? There are very few murders in 2077 . I can see why . There . Third from the top , muzzle flash . Based on telemetry , I 've got an address . It 's nice to have you back , Alec . I 'm not back , I 'm just bored . ( laughing ) Yeah right . Stay where you are , Cameron . What are you doing here ? Same thing you are , trying to find the mayor 's killer . Assuming that is what you 're doing here . What are you doing here ? You 're gonna answer some questions . About what ? The city plaza bombing , about what happened afterwards . I saw you , I saw ... I saw you survive the explosion and the fireball and then vanish . Yeah , that ... I 'm a stranded time traveller from the year 2077 , using technology that hasn 't even been invented yet . That 's bullshit . So is there anything else you 'd like to talk about ? Yes ... I wanna know about the mayor , Liber8 ... tell me about Alec Sadler . This place is a distraction . Liber8 didn 't kill the mayor but there 's somebody who really wants you to think they did . Really ? Hey Kiera , got your message . Gardiner ... what 's going on here ? The agent and I were just discussing some possible scenarios . We 're not done . Well this looks like a Liber8 nest . Who stands to gain the most if Liber8 takes the heat for this ? Well there 's uh , political rivals , organized crime ... I don 't know , there might even be an ex-husband out there with a beef . You okay ? Yeah ... the other night , one of the Liber8 thugs had a split skull tattoo on his head . What does that mean ? That 's uh , gang ink ... Coalition Kings . Rumour has it they 've been working with Liber8 . Okay , then who 's their rival gang ? Who would be the most upset to find out that the Coalition Kings were working with the big , bad Liber8 ? You know you may be on to something . Wolford has been bitching about city policies regarding his nightclub businesses . Wolford ? Uh ... Raul Wolford , he 's the uh , head of the organization . We picked him up on some minor raps but somehow he always manages to beat the process . Good thing I 'm not part of the process . Hey Martinez , it 's Fonnegra . I 'm gonna text you an address , I just want to know if it 's associated with Wolford or the West Coast Syndicate . All right , thanks . So what do you wanna do ? I probably shouldn 't tell you , for your own protection . Look , just give me a jump on Wolford before you issue the warrant , please . Okay , there 's some drawbacks to this approach . Legally speaking , not to mention these scumbags are dangerous . Carlos , I can take care of myself and you need to keep your hands clean , you know that . Method Nightclub , you can start there . Thank you . Wait for my signal . Yeah ... is it gonna be a big bat projected into the night sky ? What ? Really ? Never mind . Whoa , I got this guy . Cover me , cover me ! ( cell phone buzzing ) Don 't leave me hanging bro , watch my six ! Hold on , I gotta take this . Alec Sadler . Hey kid , I 've got some good news for you ... you got the job . Well uh , thank you ! See you tomorrow . We lost . Who was that ? I got the computer store gig . Sweet ! Now you can pay me the rent you owe . I 'm just kidding . That 's awesome , that 's what you wanted right ? Yeah , yeah sure . Hello ... ( cell phone buzzing ) What do you got ? Wolford and The Syndicate are linked to this apartment . Then I may be looking at the rifle that took out the mayor . And it looks like you 're gonna get to play hero after all . Where 'd you find her ? Gunroom , snooping around . I need to search this club , your vehicle and your residence . Really ? And then I need to take you in for the mayor 's assassination . This just keeps getting better and better all the time . Tell me , what is it that I have to do with the mayor ? The shooter used your apartment . My apartment , no . There 's nothing in this city with his name on it , that 's impossible . What else you got ? You 're telling the truth . I always tell the truth . Watch this . Take her out back and kill her . No , no ... wait , wait , wait ! Listen , they had to have someone on the inside , someone with access to your place . You have a rival gang , what are they ? The Coalition ? Something like that ... Hold up ! Let her finish . What is this you 're saying about the Coalition Kings ? Somebody went to an awful lot of trouble to implicate your gang in the assassination of the mayor . They sent me after you , they stand to gain in a number of ways . Well I wouldn 't cry about it . So what you 're saying is we have a problem ? Nobody move ! Put your guns down ! Put the guns down ... This stinks . So the ballistics on this rifle should match the round that took out the mayor , and the prints on this shell casing are ... ah ! They 're yours , Mr. Wolford . You boys are really reaching , huh ? I 've never seen this rifle in my life . That 's weird , because we found it in your gun safe in your office in your nightclub . I want my lawyer . See the thing is , we called your lawyer but uh ... apparently he 's unavailable because he got picked up on some obstruction of justice charges . Right , right . I don 't know , is there another lawyer that we can call ? Right . Put him in holding , we 're get you a public defender in the morning . You know you 're wrong ! You know you 're wrong , right ? ( Laughing ) Hey , you 're wrong ! ( Laughing ) Kiera ? Alec ... I 've been thinking . I know . No , not about that . I need to see you . Okay ... what 's going on ? My future . Not 2077 future , just right now future . It sounds serious . It is . I 'll come meet you , just let me take care of something first . All right , thanks . Agent Cameron , good work . Does this mean you 're back in the fold ? The fight that we 're facing requires a little outside the box thinking . I agree . I 'm more effective if I can avoid department restrictions and oversight . Yet , maintain your support and access to your resources . Nothing sticks to you or the department and I 'm on my own . You know I 'm not so sure about this . All right , Wolford still needs to stand trial and if his defence gets wind of Kiera 's tactics , charges may not stick . Right now perception is more important than the letter of the law . Wolford gets charged , we parade him in front of the press , the city sees we 're in control of the situation . And what if Wolford walks on a technicality ? Let 's say he does , those bastards out there will have to think twice before they make another move . Maybe it buys us some time . None of this is gonna matter if what I 'm thinking is right . What do you mean ? We have to face the possibility that Wolford had nothing to do with the mayor 's killing . If not Wolford , then who ? Candidate Martin , how is that mayoral campaign coming ? Just kicked into high gear , now an election is right around the corner . I guess I have you to thank for that . Oh no , you can thank Garza , she 's the one who pulled the trigger . We used gang members to plant the evidence ... I don 't wanna know . Deniability and such . Oh , but I insist . You wanted this Mr. Martin , there are no half measures . You are either all in or you 're of no use to us or the movement . You 're right . Great job ! Putting the blame on a scumbag like Wolford raises it to a whole new level . Well , two for one in my books . We will be counting on your support , Mr. Mayor . You will have it . Oh ... are we uh ... are we good ? You tell me . You look like you could use some protection . You just get here ? I did . I spent the last couple of weeks in a prison hospital recovering . Recovering from what ? Sonya . These two inmates should not be in the same facility , let alone allowed to mingle . It 's a violation of standard procedure . Well my office needs Intel and we 're not gonna let procedure interfere with that . Alec , you don 't know if his message was manipulation or genuine . Well from what you know about me in the future , what would you guess ? I 'd say it 's a 50-50 proposition . Look , future you didn 't where he did by playing nice and being transparent about his intentions . He 's a powerful man and he protects that power . This whole thing is making me crazy . I mean , I want to help you , I know you 're trying to do the right thing . I just don 't know whether or not I 'm working against the message . What about me ? You ? Yes , me . Why am I here ? Why did you send me back ? I don 't know . You think you 're the only one with questions ? What are you doing ? Take it . Maybe you can figure out how it works , reverse engineer it into something useful and send me back where I belong . It might take some time . Time is all I seem to have right now . The future you didn 't say anything about not helping me , did he ? Look , I gotta work in the morning so I should split . We good ? Sure . I got your back . Thanks Alec . See ya . What are you up to , old man ? I speak to you , not as who you 'll become , but as an old man who knows you best . You and I were given a gift from our father , he died young but he imparted in us a passion for technology and innovation . What you need to know , what I tried to do ... Listen to me carefully Alec ... I have gone down a dangerous path and I have taken the world with me . Only you can prevent this future from happening . No !
