 People disappear all the time . Young girls run away from home . Children stray from their parents and are never seen again . Housewives take the grocery money and a taxi to the train station . Most are found , eventually . Disappearances , after all , have explanations . Usually . Strange , the things you remember . Single images and feelings that stay with you down through the years . Like the moment Yd realized , I 'd never owned a vase . That I 'd never lived in any place long enough to justify having such a simple thing . And how at that moment , I wanted nothing so much in all the world as to have a vase of my very own . It was a Tuesday afternoon , six months after the end of the war . Oh , God ! Hold him . Hold him right now ! You hear me ? Jesus Christ ! You 're going home , right ? Here , quickly ! Doctor , doctor ! Oh , God ! I 'll have to clamp the femoral artery before he bleeds out ! It 's all right , Jackie boy . You 're going home , mate . You 're going home . Oh , my God ! Jesus ! Move . We 've got him now , nurse . Scalpel ! Claire ! Did you hear ? It 's over ! It 's really , finally over ! Hi ! Ripped By mstoll Somehow , in my mind , V-E Day , the end of the bloodiest and most terrible war in human history , grows fainter with each passing day . But I can stiff recall every detail of the day , when I saw the life I wanted sitting in a window . I sometimes wonder what would have happened if I 'd bought that vase and made a home for it . Would that have changed things ? Would I have been happy ? Who can say ? I do know this . Even now , after all the pain and death and heartbreak that followed , I still would make the same choice . We were in Scotland on our second honeymoon . Or at least that 's what Frank called it . A way to celebrate the end of the war years and begin our lives anew . But it was more than that . I think we both felt a holiday would be a convenient masquerade for the real business of getting to know the people we 'd become after five years apart . - What do you suppose that is ? - Huh ? Oh , good Lord . Blood . Are you sure ? I think I should know the look of blood by now . There 's a stain just like it on the house next door . There 's two more over there . We seem to be surrounded by homes marked with blood . Perhaps Pharaoh has refused Moses , and the spirit of death will travel the streets of Inverness tonight , sparing only those who mark their doors with lamb 's blood . You may be closer than you think . Could well be some sort of sacrificial ritual , but I suspect pagan rather than Hebrew . I had no idea Inverness was such a hotbed of contemporary paganism . Well , my dear , there 's no place on earth with more magic and superstition mixed into its daily life than the Scottish Highlands . Shall we ? Lead on . The blood you saw is that of a black cockerel . It 's an old custom at this time of year to make such a sacrifice to honor Saint Odhran . Odhran , he was sainted in the eighth century ? You know yer history . I 'm afraid my husband is a historian , Mrs. Baird . He 'd quite happily stand here holding forth for hours if you encourage him . Hardly . Highland folklore is far from my specially , but am I right in thinking there 's an ... Is there an old saying associated with Saint Odhran ? Yes . " The Earth went over Odhran 's eyes . " He was buried alive voluntarily . Charming . Are ye a professor then , Mr. Randall ? I will be soon . He 's accepted a post at Oxford beginning in two weeks . Then this is a last holiday before settling down to a workaday life again , is it ? Well , you 've picked a bonnie time to be here , just nigh on Samhain . I take it that 's Gaelic for Halloween ? Well , Halloween is derived from Samhain . The Church often took pagan holidays and renamed them for their own purposes . Samhain became Halloween , Yule became Christmas , and so on ... Well , you 're both welcome at the festival , of course . Mind you , ghosts are freed on the feast days , and they 'll be wandering about , free to do good or ill as they please . Of course . What would Halloween ... Samhain be without a good ghost story ? And we have those for sure . I 'll show you to your room . Before the war , we were inseparable . But for the next five years , we saw each other a grand total of 10 days . It 's not without its charms . Beats an army tent and a cot in the mud . Indeed . When the war ended , we both thought things would return to the way they once were , but they hadn 't . Gosh ! So much for marital privacy . Do you think the sound carries ? Well , I think it 's fair to say Mrs. Baird will be kept apprised of any renewed attempt to start a family . Lazybones . You 'll never manage the next branch on your family tree if you don 't show more industry than that . Really ? What are you doing ? - Come on . - Mrs. Randall , what am I to do with you ? Right . What are you doing ? You 're gonna break the bed . You know , one of those things I used to try and remember lying in my cot , was the sound of my husband 's laugh . I couldn 't conjure it no matter what I did . I couldn 't hear it even though I 'd heard it a million times before . - It 's the strangest thing . - I know . I used to ... I used to sketch this . - My hand ? - Well ... The lines , really . Why exactly , I 'm not sure , but I had a very clear memory of this ... This pattern . Made little doodles everywhere . There was ... A brigadier once dressed me down because I drew it in the margin of a report for the minister . Yeah . Claire ... Happy ? Yes . Frank 's passion for history was another reason for choosing the Highlands . You see up there ? The top there , that 's Cocknammon Rock . And in the 17th and 18th centuries , you 'd have often found a British Army patrol up there lying in wait for Scottish rebels and brigands . Can you see how it commands the high ground in every direction ? It was a perfect position for an ambush . Not that I minded . I was raised by my uncle after the death of my parents . Uncle Lamb was an archeologist , so , I 'd spent the balance of my formative years traipsing through dusty ruins and various excavations throughout the world . I 'd learned to dig latrines and boil water , and to do a number of other things not suitable for a young lady of gentle birth . - Uncle ? - Yes . The very thought . Frank 's new-found passion was genealogy . His personal genealogy , that is . Mine was botany . I 'd developed a keen interest in the use of plants and herbs for medicinal purposes . So , from what I can gather , Castle Leoch was the ancestral home of the Laird of the MacKenzie clan until midway through the 19th century . Here , take a look . In a way , burying himself in the distant past gave Frank an ability to escape the recent . While I was in the army , Frank had sewed in London . Intelligence , overseeing spies and running covert operations . So , I think this might have been the kitchen . Really ? I would say that 's probably a hearth . Yeah . Strange . I have no evidence that my ancestor visited this castle , but it was within his operational sphere . So , it is just possible that he walked these very halls . He 'd sent dozens of men behind the lines on secret missions , and most never came back . He didn 't talk about it very often , but I knew it prayed on him . It won 't open . Come on . Three , two , one ... What do you think this was used for ? From the lack of proper lighting and ventilation , I would say province of the castle hermit . Or perhaps a troll or two . I don 't think trolls live in pairs . Solitary creatures , they . It 's a pity . All this , and no one to share it with . You 'll get dirty . You can give me a bath . Why , Mrs. Randall , I do believe you 've left your undergarments at home . Yes ! Yes , yes , yes . - I found him . - Indeed . Let us have a look . Him ? Is it Walter ? No , darling , Jonathan . Jonathan Wolverton Randall . Finally . Captain of dragoons in the British army , and your direct ancestor . Exactly . Otherwise known as " Black Jack . " A rather dashing nickname that he probably acquired while he was stationed here in the 1740s . The Reverend has found a series of army dispatches - that mention the Captain by name . - How exciting . It is . Good to see all your sleuthing over the past week has paid off . Yes , I was beginning to wonder . It appears Black Jack commanded the garrison at Fort William for four years or so . Seems to have spent quite a bit of his time harassing the Scottish countryside on behalf of the Crown . Well , he was hardly alone in that endeavor . The English were deeply unpopular throughout the Highlands in the 18th century . And well into the 20th , it would seem . I distinctly heard the barman at that pub last night refer to us as " Sassenachs . " I hope you didn 't take offense . It only means " Englishman " after all , or at worst , " Outlander . " I 've brought you a wee bit of refreshment , gentlemen . I 've brought but the two cups , for I thought perhaps Mrs. Randall might care to join me in the kitchen ... Yes . Yes , absolutely . Thank you . See you later . This person here ... It 's been so long since I 've had a good cup of oolong . Aye , I couldn 't get it during the war . It 's the best for the readings , though . I had a terrible time with that Earl Grey . The leaves fall apart so fast , it 's hard to tell anything at all . So , you read tea leaves , then ? Like my grandmother taught me . And her grandmother before that . Drink up your cup . Let 's see what we 've got there . Well , am I going to meet a tall , dark stranger and take a trip across the sea ? Could be . Or could not . Everything in it is contradictory . There 's a curved leaf , which indicates a journey , but it 's crossed by a broken one , which means staying put . And there are strangers there , to be sure , several of them . And one of them 's your husband , if I read the leaves all right . Show me your hand , dear . Odd . Most hands have a likeness to them . There are patterns , you know ? But this is a pattern I 've not seen before . The large thumb , now . It means that you 're strong-minded , and you have a will not easily crossed . And this is your Mount of Venus . In a man , it means he likes the lasses , but it is a bit different for a woman . To be polite about it , your husband is not likely to stray far from your bed . The lifeline 's interrupted , all bits and pieces . The marriage line 's divided . Means two marriages . But ... Most divided lines are broken . Yours is ... Forked . But I suspect your ancestor had a patron . A prominent and powerful man who could protect him from the censure of his superiors . Possibly , but it would have to have been someone very high up in the hierarchy of the day to exert that kind of influence . The Duke of Sandringham . The Duke of Sandringham ? Hold on . Wasn 't Sandringham a suspected Jacobite himself ? Aye . You know , I believe you 're right . And the duke died under very suspicious circumstances just before the battle of ... None of that , none of that ! Stand away before you do some permanent damage . I think we 're getting somewhere at last . I 'm really glad to hear it , but I think I shall take my leave . - So soon ? - Yes . I feel a bath is in order . Aye , of course . Well , I hope you will join us for Samhain tomorrow night . What ? The pagan festival ? Reverend Wakefield , you do astonish me . I love a good ghost story as much as the next fellow . All right . Take your time , darling . - Do try to get home before the storm breaks . - I will . I 'd never put any stock in superstition . And my Catholicism was nominal at best . However , I couldn 't shake the feeling that Mrs. Graham 's words had a ring of prophecy . The war had taught me to cherish the present because tomorrow might not ever come to pass . But what I didn 't know at the time was that tomorrow would prove less important than yesterday . Jesus H. Roosevelt Christ ! Excuse me , can I help you with something ? Frank , I was hoping to have the whole place lit up by the time you got back . Darling , what 's the matter ? Frank ? You look like you 've seen a ghost . I 'm not at all sure that I haven 't . When he pushed past me , he was close enough that I should have felt him brush my sleeve as he passed , but I ... I didn 't . And then I turned around to say something , and he had gone . He just vanished . That 's when I felt a chill down my spine . Did you have many Scots in your charge during the wan ? Yes , there was quite a few . There was one in particular . He was a piper in the Third Seaforths . He couldn 't stand being stuck with a needle . It was ... All right . What is it exactly , that , you 're asking me , Frank ? When I saw that chap staring up at you , I thought he might be someone you had nursed . Someone who might be looking for you now to reconnect . To " reconnect ? " It wouldn 't be unusual . I mean , it wouldn 't be surprising if you had sought some ... Comfort , or ... Are you asking me if I 've been unfaithful ? Claire . Is that what you think of me , Frank ? No , darling . No . No . All I meant was that even if you had , it will make no difference to me . I love you . And nothing you could ever do could stop my loving you . Forgive me . Forgive me ? Of course . Sex was our bridge back to one another . The one place where we always met . Whatever obstacles presented themselves during the day or night , we could seek out and find each other again in bed . As long as we had that , I had faith everything would work out . That reminds me , I want to set an alarm . No . I thought we weren 't setting alarms on this trip . I want to see the witches . Must I ask ? Apparently , there 's a circle of standing stones on a hill just outside the village , and there 's a local group who still observe rituals there . Well , they 're not actually witches . This lot are meant to be druids . Sadly , I don 't think there 'll be a coven of devil-worshippers . Well , it 's a pity . Cam imagine anything I 'd rather do . Liar . Where will we be watching this spectacle ? A place called Craigh na Dun . So , according to local folklore , these stones were carried here from Africa by a race of Celtic giants . I wasn 't aware that Celts made a lot of trips to Africa . Only the giant ones . Is that Inverness ? Yes , it must be . Someone 's coming . Is that Mrs. Graham ? I think ii is . The Reverend 's housekeeper is a witch . Not a witch . Druid , remember ? They should have been ridiculous , and perhaps they were . Parading in circles on top of a hill . But the hairs on the back of my neck prickled at the sight , and some small voice inside warned me I wasn 't supposed to be here . I was an unwelcome voyeur to something ancient and powerful . Wait for me ! I 'm caught on something . I 'll be there in a minute . Claire , someones coming . We should go . What have you got there ? I 'm looking for that plant . I think it 's a forget-me-not , but I 'm not sure . Why don 't you pop back and get it ? I was considering it . Would you care to go with me ? Darling , I 'd love to , but I 've got an appointment with the Reverend . He found a box of materials last night . Bills of sale from Black Jack 's quartermaster . That sounds terribly exciting . Are you laughing at me ? Never . - Shall I meet you for dinner later ? - Yes . - Love you . - Love you . Come here . Once , traveling at night , I fell asleep in the passenger seat of a moving car , lulled by the noise and the motion into an illusion of serene weightlessness . Then the driver took a bridge too fast . And I woke to see the world spinning outside the car windows , and the sickening sensation of falling at high speed . That is as close as I can come to describing what I experienced , but it falls woefully short . What ? When confronted with the impossible , the rational mind will grope for the logical . Perhaps I had stumbled onto the set of a cinema company filming a costume drama of some sort . But there was no logical reason for actors to fire live ammunition . Frank ? What the devil are you doing ? You 're not Frank . No , madam . I am not . Who the bloody hell are you ? I am Jonathan Randall Esquire , Captain of His Majesty 's Eighth Dragoons . At your service . Who are you ? My husband is expecting me . He 'll come looking for me if I 'm not back in 10 minutes . Your husband ? What 's his name ? What is his name ? - Frank . - Frank what ? Frank Beauchamp . He 's a teacher . Well , it 's a pleasure to meet you Mrs. Frank Beauchamp , a teachers wife . You must think me the fool . You 'll be well advised to tell me exactly who you are and why you 're here . Madam , you 'll find my patience is not infinite . Get off me , you bastard . The speech of a lady . The language of a whore . I choose the whore . Druid ! - What ? - Druid ! Who are you ? Where are we going ? Where are we go ... Over here ! You men over there ! Quickly ! I wanted it to be a dream , but I knew it wasn 't . If naming else , my erstwhile savior fairly reeked of odors too foul to be part of any dream I was likely to conjure up . Let 's have a look at you then , lass . I trust you 're able to see me now ? What 's your name ? I decided to continue using my maiden name . If they intended to ransom me , I didn 't want to lead them back to Frank . Claire . Claire Beauchamp . Claire Beauchamp . That 's right . And just what the hell do you think ... You said you found her ? Aye . She was havin ' words with a certain Captain of dragoons with whom we are acquainted . There seemed to be some question as to whether the lady was or was not a whore . And what was the lady 's position in this discussion ? I am not . We could put her to the test . I don 't hold with rape . And we 've not the time for it , anyway . Dougal , I 've no idea what she might be or who , but I 'll stake my best shot she 's not a whore . We 'll puzzle it out later . We 've got a good distance to go tonight . And we must do something about Jamie first . Escape was my chief concern , but I had no idea where I was . And trying to find the mad back to Invemess in the gathering darkness felt like a fool 's errand . Out o ' joint , poor bugger . You can 't ride with it like that , can you , lad ? Hurts bad enough sitting still . I couldna manage a horse . I don 't mean to be leaving him behind . There 's no help for it , then . I 'll have to force the joint back . The wisest course of action would have been to keep my head down , my mouth shut , and wait for the search parties Frank must have called out by now . Here , lad . Hold him . Don 't you dare ! Stand aside at once . You 'll break his arm if you do it like that . You have to get the bone of the upper arm in the correct position before it slips back into joint . Hold him steady . This is the worst part . It doesn 't hurt anymore ! It will . It will be tender for about a week . You 'll need a sling . You , fetch me a long piece of cloth or a belt . " Fetch me ? she says . Do ye hear that , lads ? Give her yer belt . - I 'm taking a guess you 've done this before . - I 'm a nurse . Not a wet nurse . You mustn 't move the joint for two or three days . When you begin to use it again , go very slowly at first . Stop at once if it hurts , and use warm compresses on it daily . All right , how does that feel ? Better . Thank ye . Can you ride ? - Aye . - Good . We 're leaving . Where is it ? Where 's the city ? It should be visible from here . Inverness ? You 're looking straight at it . There were no electric lights as far as the eye could see . So , as much as my rational mind rebelled against the idea , I knew in my heart I was no longer in the 20th century . Get yourself up . You be sure to stay close to the rest of us . And should ye try anythin ' else , I shall slit your throat for you . Do you understand me ? Gimme your foot . Give it to me . Careful ! What are you trying to do ? I 'll get my plaid loose to cover ye . You 're shivering . Thank you , but I 'm fine , really . You 're shaking so hard , it 's making my teeth rattle . The plaid will keep us both warm , but I canna do it one-handed . Can ye reach ? We don 't want you to freeze before sun-up . Sun-up ? You mean we 'll be riding all night ? All night , and the next one , too , I reckon . Fine time of year for a ride , though . Druid . You see up there ? I know this place . Been through here before , have ye ? Yes . The 17th and 18th centuries , you 'd have often found a British Army patrol up there . I recognize that rock . The one that looks like a cook 's tail . It has a name . Cocknammon Rock . The English , they used it for ambushes ! They could be lying in wait right now . It 's a bonnie place for an ambush , right enough . Dougal . Dougal . Dougal . Now , you 'll be telling me exactly how and why you come to know there 's an ambush up ahead . I don 't know , but I heard the redcoats use Cocknammon ... Where did you hear ? In the village . Hide yourself ! Lost yer way ? Hope you haven 't been misusing that shoulder . You ' re hurt ! This lot isn 't my blood . Not much of it anyway . Dougal and the others will be waiting further up the stream . We should go . - I 'm not going with you ! - Yes , you are . What ? Are you going to cut my throat if I don 't ? Why , no ? But ... You don 't look that heavy . Now if ye won 't walk , I shall pick you up and throw you over my shoulder . Do ye want me to do that ? No ! Well , then , I suppose that means you 're coming with me . Serves you right . Probably torn muscles as well as bruising . Well , it wasn 't much of a choice . If I 'd not moved my shoulder , I 'd never have moved anything else ever again . I can handle a single redcoat with one hand , maybe even two . But not three . Besides , ye can fix it for me again when we get to where we 're going . That 's what you think . You have . Here 's to you , lass . For tipping us to the villains in the rocks and giving us a wee bit o ' fun ! Have a wee nip . It willna fill your belly , but it will make ye forget you 're hungry . Stop ! Help ! He 's going over ! Help me get him up ! Come on . Take it easy . Easy now . Gunshot wound . The idiot could 've said something . It 's a clean exit . I think the round 's gone straight through the muscle . I don 't think it 's serious , but he 's lost a lot of blood . It 'll need to be disinfected before I can dress it properly . Disinfect ? Yes , it must be cleaned of dirt to protect it from germs . Germs ? Just get me some iodine . Merthiolate ? Alcohol ? Here you go . Welcome back . I 'm all right , just a wee bit dizzy . You are not all right . Didn 't you tell how badly you were bleeding ? You 're lucky you 're not dead , brawling and fighting and throwing yourself off horses . All right , I need a sterile bandage and some clean cloth . Jesus H. Roosevelt Christ . Hold still . Easy . Lift him up . Come on , you goddamn bloody bastard . I 've never heard a woman use such language in my life . Your husband should tan your hide for ye , woman . St. Paul says , " Let a woman be silent , and ... " You can mind your own bloody business and so can St. Paul ! And if you move so much as a single muscle while I 'm tying this bandage , I 'll bloody throttle you . Threats , is it ? And after I shared my drink with ye . We have 15 miles to go yet . Five hours , at the least , if not seven . We 'll stay long enough for ye to stem the bleeding and dress his wound . No more than that . He needs rest . - Did you hear me ? - Randall ... The officer ye encountered , he won 't give up so easily . He commands the redcoats hereabouts and he 's sent patrols out in every direction by now . We canna stay here long . You know Randall ? Black Jack Randall , that is ? Aye . I won 't risk you or anyone else being taken prisoner by that man . If ye canna fix me up well enough to ride , you 'll be leaving me here with a loaded pistol so I may determine my own fate . You might 've well told me you were shot before you fell off the horse . Didn 't hurt much at the time . Does it hurt now ? Aye . Good . That 's about all I can do . The rest is up to you . Thank you , Sassenach . Truly . All right , on your horse , soldier . Castle Leach . I 'd been here with Frank two days age . Or was that in the future ? How could I remember something that hadn 't happened yet ? So far , I 'd been assaulted , threatened , kidnapped and nearly raped . And somehow , I knew that my journey had only just begun . Ripped By mstoll
