 studio : Brick Mansions Productions Inc . , Canal + and Cine + co-production Translator : TMT Today rampant violence on the streets After Mayor Martial law begins and for that Detroit is the most dangerous city in America . DETROIT Zone 2018 Slums were separated with the remaining areas of the city . Crime rates have risen record in 40 years . Investors feared the project in slums would not be feasible and will soon be closed . Many new protests when projects 12m high wall will separate slums with the rest of the city . The police checkpoint continuous monitoring ... anyone inside and outside the slum . Please take Remembering PAUL WALKER Ladies and Gentlemen ... This project is guiding light in the region this dark Our City . There are friendly homes , landscape ecology There are spacious office and luxury shops . It will be built on an area of ​ ​ 80km2 the most valuable asset belong to this city . Through cooperation and support your You can put Detroit became A stunning luxury Mayor ... This land is now housing projects for slum 's poorest areas . To carry out this project they must dismantle this entire region Yes But what he thought about the future of those who live there ? Well , as mayor .. I guarantee that every resident ... in this great city we are interested . The you ... We congratulate future projects . Promised Land of the Future Look you , look the other cars see Let it go What foods are doing so , they you ? You should go to the more Yes , you do huh K2 here ? Come on , how heavy words together that I 'm coming for Lino . It took me 1 of the valuable things - Lino is not here . - None . I bet it is on the other And I bet for 20 kg , or cut off his tongue . I do not think we 'll get there . I 'm going to give you two phone numbers for when it is about I 'm sure it is okay to call back Come on , K2 ... All right , go on , go on Let 's start living it . We will be a bonus . - Do you know Lino is ? - Yes . So go public - Where ? - To the right Lino ! At the end of that corridor I 'm here to catch you Break the door , quick one two three Come , come , grab it again Do not let him run out of the building . - It is considered good , - Hips with chest is too great ... - Hey , boys - Hello , Lino . No , Man , wasted too - Tremaine will tear us lose - What do we do now ? " We " do ? I 'll kill the bastard . Bring it back here . It 's on the other roof So you eat this BRICK MANSIONS Real Neighborhood Blogs ( Quarter Brick ) Starring : Paul Walker , David Belle and RZA Damien , you forget you lost it No , he is only slightly to work alone . How much do you need ? Okay , and then ... I 'll see what I can do . But in any case , do not call on my cell . Who for some of my son 's K2 ? Mr. George , I 'm sorry I do not know ... I was talking about , right ? - K2 call him . - K2 à Lost package . Now we need 20 kg of drugs , Tremaine angry before . Plus ... He wants us delivery Guess where Rebellious slums Who wants delivery where is it ? I go to You think that you 're doing okay ? I do it . Okay , good If my mother but that for many peppers like this in her traditional dishes .. So I 'm going toi You know why I keep my mother 's recipe does not ? Because I always liked this dish so I can never forget It 's not like you have do this morning , K2 . He must have liked something always and clearly arranged . Take Lino and regained 20kg but it has robbed me But .. You guys have ... Lino is not captured ... and no heroin . Rayzah and I 've tried but ... Do not blame others because of their failure ... I give you my 5 best guy and you killed them This means that 5 you need to return to my network Tell me hear considered , why not for up to 6 huh ? Why not 6 , all black , huh ? I spend money on guys to worry that things in this area Now waiting for any idea Or do you have any idea ? And you , Smilie you have any ideas ? No , sir ca Now that I got you 6 funeral - Now I give up 7 right ? - Hold on , big brother Lino has baby girl from back He put it out of the ghetto short little girl he will be curious to - Know where it is right ? - Yes . - We know where he lives . - No it is found that networks 7 . Big Brother believe me ? Hey big brother Mr. George Greeks there . Damien , he worked for me , a year , right ? yes That 's enough time for him to look of the business behind it Reno ... Parking behind the building that muscle . Welcome , Mr. Cheng ... situation , how are you ? This is .. Damien , Cheng . Cheng , Damien . Last night he sleep right ? - You 're a lot of truth . - I tried to stop Cheng odd ... He has no money ? Excellent All units carry on - He had stars in Southeast Asia ? - No , never . Have found a storage place for goods and Hey , I packed for 20 kg . expedite In Southeast Asia , poppy grows everywhere very cheap price so ridiculously low But when cross-border value is increased three times . And when goods are washed into U.S. states the benefits are much higher . But then there are areas rebellious slums An old borders and near our less than 1 mile I have studied business at universities best in the world . Four years . I have spent $ 500 million You need to know one thing . People are willing to pay the highest price for things they have not been - Give me a GPS - Here The pre-programmed route - Do not lose it Sir , this view How the hell did that it 's us know we 're here ? How did they know we here ? Rather we should not have come here . No one knows we 're here . Only if that person here . Damien took . Pick out In the sewers , presto ! Come on , hurry ! Come on , one by one , everything must be clean . All units ... Action . - Damien , go with me . - OK . Prohibition budge , put the gun down all - What the hell are you doing ? - Do not move Outside of my people , everyone was arrested . Now , let 's throw all the guns on tanks Throw the gun to the aquarium , presto ! Now all lay face down on the floor Wait until the police on Carry on , quickly Tong bastard down the road Faster go Fuck you , kill him And nothing worse than not ? Try this and see . 'm Driving on Not your mother 's death ? die Get out ! Get out now ! Immediately ! It was George the Greek name . - Is there a wanted list ! - Get out now ! I was a cop M. Collier - Police Narcotics - To view the cards Alright Sorry , to view the cards So they passed , I got them . - Are you out there how long ? - The longest was one hour . He 's here , sir . Thank you Lola Enjoy delicious . - What can I do for you ? - Hello Lola Grandfather , we What was the deal ? - One day one cigarette . - How about 4 butts on the ground , why ? Come on , you do not have fun other anymore . Can not read newspapers Read more quietly . Explain what you hear This is one of the worst . He was arrested , she made ​ ​ us that What the newspapers say is magnified . Do not believe what the newspapers too , majority of blown-up information For example , here is ... Police hand sink is not identify run car chase at speeds of 130km / h Speaking exaggerated . And more than 300 rounds fired . Maybe , only about 100 members - Grandfather - I 'm very close and Tremaine was about to be arrested then . Getting him to pay the price Revenge and justice are two different things Besides , her grandson was dead . Her father died . He was her only child alone He did not want to give up easily Because he is a healthy old age . Do you understand ? Okay , here 's the deal I 'll catch this guy last Alright Thank him and he just sucked only 1 cigarette per day So , why would he leave ? And you then go grab the bastard Alright Just as he thought Come on up , you Look at What 's wrong with you ? Oh nice butt sometimes too ! Latino children , huh ? Where is it ? Mexico ? Brazil ? What is it , Rayzah ? No . I 'm here and I want to invert one bit At issue are okay . Lola , invited her to sit - What do you want from me ? - Want Her daddy - I do not have a boyfriend . - She and Lino broke up stars ? I have not seen him in many years . I do not think so Real stars ? I think he will give me the list only What list ? The list of not hear what he said Oh , so sweet I listen to this I want us to talk friendly with each other because she would have to leave nice ass in here sometimes appear until Lino . - Hello , Lola . - Lino , what are you doing here ? If you do not like it you can go right - I know him to stick to it - We you can solve it ... Without going ... I was not a gun in the neck ? The gun he was thrust into the neck this is because there All right . Let 's calm . I killed him then , big brother ? You fool , do not you see it is pressed a gun to my neck did here waiting for you ? Come Both you again Tell gorilla you get out of the Gland Get back , quickly Let 's go deal not to shed blood Do not sell this drug in more That 's the deal . Do not shoot . It 's crazy . I have a suggestion , Lino . With 20 kg of drug cases , I will forget for 2 kids you out of here safely , and do not poke at things we eat more of 2 That was not enough . How far do you guys go before She handed one bullet in the back of you , huh ? Stand back ! - It could be you , - Or I Or we all will die . Or maybe you 're dead girlfriend Standing against the wall Juniors I would have killed 2 kids fly Then we will burn down neighborhood guys Why is that ? You no longer escape it . Lino I will not make that case where going fast Go , the more you , motherfucker . Why ? It then locks out . Complete flood useless . Break the door . Doors will not hold the strength of where gorillas Gland Back off the It was the Mustang , I also love it . Where is the key ? Bastard . - Get back - Lola , drove away . You scratch my car that then you get in trouble that - Shut your mouth mother - Slip into the boot of the car Are you kidding , I 'm 1m92 tall just squeeze the trunk star ? You 're going to go a few inches shorter then it Chase , lick , lick Shoot on tires , stupid Shoot . Shoot me , stupid You want to break your fucking car ? Okay , peace of mind goes , I will be more careful You guys can not hide , Lino . Give me down . And the Mustang is the guys Always prefer negotiating it ? Stop it immediately . Step out and put down weapons Do not shoot . - Do not shoot - Look We want to talk the boss of you Stay calm . scat This is Tremaine Alexander . You guys sure know him Yes , we know . Put the gun down , boy No one moved . Everybody just calm down . Put the gun down , son put a gun to my He did a good job . Getting it back . Wait , what ? What games are you doing ? Let me go , you bastard . Let me out , drop me out of here The bastard Please let me out Hi Mike . How do you like it here ? To it . Go , get out of here , Tremaine . Small gifts do not you ? - Come on , her Lola . - I 'm not going anywhere with you all Tremaine , dogs die - Bastard . - Let me go . - You 're dead , son . - Let me go . It is only political , Lino I was a politician . Life is such that Do not open the door ! Open immediately ! - He was out - Yes , sir . He took her in hand bastards He is an asshole . Guys , sorry Life is such that Detective Collier The mayor agreed to meet him Detective , invited to Detective Collier . I 'm Tom Berenger . - I teamed up with his father - Nice to meet you Collier family is known Police in industry history Father Damien led task force Brick in the neighborhood The departure of pity he helped to construction of the border wall . He is a hero He is like him Thank you I have learned that I understand very well about the neighborhood tiles Yes , I know very well - I 'm alright . - Major Reno , U.S. Army . - Very pleased We have a problem . We need the best people . Last night ... a special military vehicles continuously running been closely guarded was robbed What 's it for ? NPV , neutron activation device . - Exactly one neutron bombs . - I liked from more devices because it says from the bomb caused a negative reaction . This device protects against theft , safe operation mode This caused when stolen which opened the suitcase improperly Automatic activation device . What the fuck is this ? We need him on that to find the bomb device and contact us to get the code disable bombs . This is very difficult to chew I need a detailed plan , because not knowing where it is , who is it Know where the bomb In Quarter Brick . And we know who has it . It is Tremaine Alexander . A veteran , hours are smuggling weapons . He used military weapons to the gangs again and controlling drug trafficking He controls everything with an iron hand , that he was the head area Both of my career just want to lower Tremaine He never left that place His eyes and ears are everywhere - You know the passage in which - So what ? The locals did not have should not have a chance . We have provided the information , Lino is Dupres French nationality - Caribbean . He lived most of his life Brick in the neighborhood . He knows where it perfectly . The he put me in there ? 1 To make friends with criminals you ? True . And he has 10 hours to find out Why he was in prison ? He killed a cop . Prison Penitenciarul - Michigan Lino , come on . Moving camp for you Into the car quickly . Climb . I 'll be back . - Thank you . - OK , good 1 good day Hey , this I need this car You kidding me ? Who are you ? Want carjacking me ? I helped him That 's what you want , huh ? I do not think so . This is my car . I do not think so ? This is my car . If you want to go through then hurry up Reset route - Where are we going ? - Quarter Brick No other barriers to overcome it . A few minutes ago , I was still in handcuffs What do you want this in the tiles ? I want to get Tremaine Alexander . - He killed a friend of mine . - Bastard is my friend . It is also my ex-girlfriend jailed It means we have something in common . - The way in which ? - I know a former smugglers Turn right in 10 minutes - Seat belts on - I want to be free . If you want . We can get them in the east ramp Barricades that I hope this GPS accuracy You go in the wrong direction , take turns Shit Stop the car ! Again , pull over immediately ! What are you doing ? Are you crazy ? Just trust me . dogs die damn , do not see anything Fucking truth ! - What now ? - The wheel 's broken I left the brake also Now we go then Damn ... Old smuggling routes , huh ? Yes We have to get out of here - It 's not " us " - What are you doing ? - He is a police officer . - Are you crazy ? I smell the police several tens of kilometers away from the body You can not leave me here . Help me out go . What should I do ? Police say unto you : " Life is so that " I will find you Damn true . Shit - This is the car 's Yours ? - Yes Vehicle damage should hit the brakes Get me out of here and I will compensate damage You say anymore then your head as well as the brake down only the Fortunately , I was already old You 're dead , look away - Remove all go play - Big brother to Hey pretty girl Hope you like it I hate this place . Listen , if she obediently I will behave well with her I will do so . I try to teach other guys how to behave , but we like the animal it belongs If the line does not cause trouble and girls play at night , then at home glued to watching porn Should I give them a job . To them there is a family feel . Time is the only thing between me and her I love Lino . He lives have purpose , even as it he must die No , because people like him , Should people hate this place Both say the very same 2 people So I understand why 2 people How to love Not much as far apart We broke up Peace of mind , he will come here soon She does not know anything ? Lino escaped then . I 'm sure he will come here to visit . I do not believe when I while this was being handcuffed Tremaine , everything is ready Em to the roof and then , you see it ? Okay , to see Rayzah will talk to her - Let me ask pads - Do not touch Oh , damn it Come on , quickly Translator : TMT How did you know I was a cop ? He is not the place . - How did you find me ? - I put the sensor in his pocket . It is true that the role of a cop - Do you have anything else to offer you ? - Yes , the law . That I do not care . Fuck the law The law is that dogs do not do if there is no justice . Criminals kill cops which says that cultural That cop is kind of metamorphism , scum Tremaine and only son . I arrived to find Tremaine . We must find him before ... He 's ... a bomb exploded stolen would kill everyone in this neighborhood . He always thought that anyone outside Do not care ... what happen in this neighborhood right ? Not all people out there Where are all fools . Just like not all who in here are also drug addicts . Or theft . We broke up okay . If he finds his girlfriend I sent it to her greeting okay . We will kill you and get badges His reward it At least I tried something . It is better to sit one place where coal " Life is so that " If that is truly the bomb .. I will find Lola , before it explodes . And the first opportunity what would you do ? Will a bullet in the head for me ? Now you can kill me . What 's the next plan ? He has no phone ? There Tremaine , Lino is here . I 'm going to place eyebrow As all stars ? In the den of lions network paid you ? That 's what lions do not expect them to ? There will be a lot of fun here . This is not bad , right ? Oh la la ... Lola . Death fuck yourself Where are you going ? This whore I knew from the beginning that play with you much inspiration here I would love to play this game . Enjoy playing this map , huh ? Rayzah ... Gently She could play , but do not be too aggressive Once again good luck , whore . Stop in here Let me see Tremaine led us K2 , come here . Immediately , there is work for you here Yeti , to immediately , go upstairs Damian , do you see ? Lino ... I do not expect you guys coming soon . You see ? He was surprised that Who is this guy ? I was driving him He is a cop - Go to retrieve the bomb . - Thank you reported Thank you for this . That is amazing . A brave police . Many do not see this year cops appear here Maybe the police department disbanded at the same time ... With ... schools , hospitals and with all other things There is probably no need for government . You 're the new sheriff out there ? A brave man Where is Lola ? You 'll get it . Speaking of bombs Want to buy him ? I went to disable it . Maybe he was afraid it right ? Tremaine Alexander not afraid . I create fear . I 'll get out of here before it explodes . Or you can give a suggested something to me . Disable it before it explodes . So enough ? In all cases . How to disable it K2 , for what little sun You guys enjoy watching . Only fools keep new missiles . If you have to fight in war they must be prepared Just press the button , it will fly straight goal is to downtown . Discuss any price You want to kill people for money why ? It is the goal of Yours ? Everybody needs money and do everything as well as money You also know that First I want to make sure that Lola could not have Rayzah ... Let 's take a look 3 performances He saw what ? He saw nothing , Lino ? - Wait , I left out . - Coward . - You want to die ? - Do not shoot . Calm down You do not deserve this . Lino ... Not now . Now everything will be solved auction by bomb What a polite way Public auction I have a rocket , a bomb and a beautiful sexy girl . The first proposal is $ 10 million . - Who pays what 11 ? - 11 million - $ 11 million . - 12 million Intense competition that - Stop it - 15 million Well this game go You give me the value of it . The population of the city is worth how much ? For people here not worth anything . Go see the sheriff , this place has been the site of my 5 star Porters , waiters , all classes ... Where are they all gone ? Fighting on the street ... .. Is theft , rape , kidnapping ... - As drug traffickers like you . I am considering the situation . I just alleviate their suffering . Stop cutting the wind again Let 's talk about money . - You pay 15 million huh ? - 15 million - Who did not pay 20 million ? - 20 million That 's it , go up What do you want now ? You have 3 million people living in the city . $ 10 per person for a good meal . The spending is $ 30 million - $ 30 million stars ? - Well , $ 30 million . - I agree , $ 30 million . - $ 30 million . Sell ​ ​ goods belonging to Lino and Sheriff 's new neighborhood Call of the cash you go And Lino , do not cut into story of my business - Yes . - I 'm Detective Collier . - Collier , How are you ? - Then I close , very close Not close enough to enter the code ? No , unfortunately not yet been entered . What 's wrong ? Shippers want to sell it . Are you sure it 's not there ? Sure , I looked again it was 48 minutes will explode . All right . For what ? - There is no account in the Hawai ? - I want everything in cash . They do not have much cash I was in Hawaii right account ? - And . - Provide for their account number . Bank : 83675 Bank : 83675 - Account number : 021084 - Account number : 021084 - What does he want ? - $ 30 million . Wait a bit Tremaine want 30 million . City almost went bankrupt . This will not work , detective . All right . He had to find another solution . Exactly the same Okay , well there Perfect . Has resolved . They will transfer the money . - Take off any bombs . - Wait a minute . We 've confirmed the transfer was Banks are open after 25 minutes . 25 minutes ! Enough time I finished dinner where K2 There is . - Which leads visitors into the VIP room Nice doing business with the sheriff . - Come on . - Sometimes not require rocket experts Just missile . Going fast does Facing a wall - Kneel down - Damn . Put your hands behind your head 2 I fear very tight space Tremaine has not received 30 million they are more expensive network network that you and I If they die , you and I also land that hug kiss alone , understand ? I got it See what happens when we do not have plans yet ? He knows where the bomb I know where Lola . After 25 minutes we are heroes . After 25 minutes , Tremaine will be shooting at us Missiles kill 3 million people . But , if you have the money , but all will be safe ? - All is safe - There is no money . The city can not pay . I try to prolong it . Forget what I said . Do not trust intuition Very difficult to use I should kill him when I get a chance . Silence . Wait Tremaine kill your brother , right ? No , that 's my dad . In an attack on the drug . The team split into several groups Tremaine and his men he had found and killed . I apologize . Getting him to pay the price I have this game It happened to you ? Let 's go do something It happened to you ? Stop it . Enough . Bastard . - It 's alright ? - Damn . Do not breathe it . - What ? - Must put it out here . It needs air . He 's not breathing , standing public - Come on , out with it . - Open the door . I 'm done here Come on , get out of here . Come on up I think there is something wrong here . - I think that they will transfer the money why ? - We 'll see . How to steal the bomb ? Well , one name which reported juniors have hot commodity being transported Unprotected and car keys Too easy . So I 'm new to worry . Where not so easy What is easy is wrong I 'm alright - Are you crazy ? - They 're out already . - Now it 's his turn , the police . - I think this is the game you ? Ready to jump upside down right ? Count to three . Three . this way Chase them ! Come on , catch them ! Let 's do this way - You know the way out is not it ? - Do not know , have to know Oh , damn it Damien ? They are just what this fast Another method , similar results . Come - As this faster . - But still need a key . gallop I drove for Getting them back ! Chasing fast Top car chase presto ! Faster go ! - Faster go . - He does not want to drive ? Take that drive this - I have to go . - Are you crazy ? - You want to jump off it ? - What are you doing ? I want to cut their tails Im going public Do not see them anywhere Fuck it , so dust - Missiles in ways that - Why did not you say earlier - Tell me any other way again - Turn left . Lola and the bomb right there . - I do not have time . - Where do ? Lino Get down . Come I told you to bend over that How to get over it ? We will be waiting for us there . There is not any better ideas ? - I 'm thinking . - Just think of just running it ? - Tremaine will be angry here . - None. this road Stooping , not as earlier We 're on the bus . Two guys , go check out . Melt What count to 3 Three . What is it ? Now nearly yet ? Thank you . Establish perimeter security immediately . Yes , sir . A Lot What ? Okay , I will tell everyone We have a problem There are images from satellites Quarter Brick supervision . Take a few minutes ago . See the rocket What 's this ? An old Russian rocket with a range of 80 km . - Where is it out ? - Wait - If we release it will completely destroy the city . - City must be evacuated . - Not enough time . We have a shelter that not protect neutron radiation sources - We will use air instead ? - Too late . Not so easy to get approved . - You see the bank open yet ? . - I checked here . I think we 've been tricked No money . So why do people do not trust the government . What is it ? No cash ... they also draw clean my account Rayzah ... I 'm going to launch missiles . Stand up to go , you always Time 's up , you slut City will be renovated and Toys Russia fucking Then hit control . Now go chase the other people Be careful at all He can shoot it at Lola . No , I just go chasing black cats Tremaine , Tremaine ... It shot down the controller then . Time to kill cop and assistant name only Oh , ammo Come All of you in this neighborhood ... Let 's arms .. to protect This lovely neighborhood Fight or Die Come on ! - What is it ? - Missed the start and This means that it does not launch anymore We can succeed . Any name that is 2 You guys , follow me Leo quickly - This is not , or - Sorry . - One , two , three ... - What are you doing ? - Four , five , six , seven . - Forget it . Hey , this is a stupid idea . I thought you said trying to action or try perished here These are just words . I think not Trusting his instincts go A really stupid idea . You stairways . It will be easier with the size of you . I have a plan . Defeat him and then continued . Jump , jump to the Count to 3 Three . What are you doing ? Come on . It is doing that cord Doing it go . Although there is good future do not forget the past Tremaine said that no joke Recognizing that we have been deceived but that does not mean that we have to do something stupid . Remove the chain going The game is over What do you mean ? I am a businessman . I will not kill millions of people . The police chief and assistant will come bombs and take her I will leave here .. before we are cooked - He softened when did that ? - Speaking carefully Speaking carefully you ? He happened to you ? What would you do ? Drop her off What would you say if I kill you He feared nothing , huh ? - No , no , do not ... Do not go near her Everything is alright I 'm glad you guys has come to save people up Where not all Lino ... When they send the code to enter offline . Now , kneel down to you No , wait Let him say ... You guys gonna shoot unarmed stars Sheriff ? If you do not talk about who shot my father . I related to the death of apparatus stars ? Lieutenant John Collier . Collier stars ? Police are still for me to do it for you ? You guys killed him Razia said you killed him Tiles in this neighborhood Razia you ? Code 48216 He did not die in this . I found it through surveillance cameras He died before police and they to him on this port town to me thus they - Bullshit , it 's not so , I do not believe it On your knees now ! Damien , no problem . - They do not post the code you ? - Yes . Code 48216 - It 's .. - It is this area code - Enter it to go - No , it 's a trap . That 's incredible . - Just enter the code to - Listen to you you go You shut up ! They 're playing rogue eyebrow as well as the apparatus that shut Give it me Damien , think about it . - Why is our area code ? - Must be coincidence alone - Give me the phone . - My intuition says that you 're wrong there . They want to kill us all . Give me the phone . - Lino ... - I 'm sorry Enter the code . No , sorry . Stand back . Stand back . Stop both . Please hurry up . Damien ... wait - And 20 seconds . - Do not you understand ? They told him missile trucks attack . Why have not the seal machinery on the front grille ? Dead now ... Or wait 5 seconds and die together . Year . Four . Three . Two . One . Countdown is complete . Regarded as me being cheated Law never protects people in this neighborhood What will be done here ? I did a lot of bad things but his father did not kill No need anymore the executive Welcome to our neighborhood . Now what to do with it ? Pay it back to its true owner Coffee 's the boss here , it 's a little bit hot . Thank you Hey , why go that way What do stairs . Take the elevator , come Better than stairs . Yes I can not call him is No satellite images but if it is explosive ... - .. Then heard - I do not like it . Do not like it at all Is he one of us is will return to us . A Lot What do you mean , they are in the building ? The Lino remember him right ? His eyes and ears of the Brick in the neighborhood ... Having just me .. a lot of things . Oh , Mayor , beautiful place him right , real epic not as slums Brick is all that I Tremaine Alexander . 01 : 16 : 54,605 ​ ​ - 01 : 16 : 58,196 People say that I Director of Brick nhuThi neighborhood . Finally , I am honored to be met the same level as their I would like to introduce you to Him This is a new sheriff our assistant Lino and the great citizens neighborhood of brick narrowly toasted We decided to His gifts and gentlemen .. A small gift .. referred to as launch of a new neighborhood Equipment has been activated . What 's this ? I forgot to code it . Let me see you ? - Four . - Detective - Eight - I will do with it . Two , One . Six . Are you sure ? He said the number 6 , right ? Because that is the area code of the area where tiles . It is the coincidence why ? He said it was a coincidence that . I say that they want to blow us . This guy flying it on the roof too ... Brain disorder .. Should it then , His sympathy for offline - All right , all right - Enough . Thank you - We 'll worry later sequel - I 'm the last number is 6 Mayor , he did not want to press the button ? Or to this Damien ? Come on , press the go button - This is crazy . - Okay . Stop it . Enough . What happened in there ? He received a command do ? He used me like my father . Yes , and he felt weak So just like him . I have to make difficult decisions of this city . I decided to send this bomb on it to rid the neighborhood of Detroit , major problems , the most pressing Come on ... He knew that They are no better than animals . Animals you ? Who is what animal ? People are struggling to survive ? Or those who want to kill the whole community is full women and helpless children ? As Mayor ... .. It is my duty to do .. Everything .. better for residents of this city - People who work hard . - You mean the rich ... those who have contributed ... And they 're tired the place dirty and .. Dirty place you ? These he must wake up These people do not agree with that . And these people ... Please see the other view That surprised him . He will see it on the news in 5 minutes . Mayor of Detroit was arrested today After his appearance in distributing video online He acknowledged tried destructive attack Quarter Brick . " I decided to send this bomb on it .. " The break wall stop with the Brick City ... ... Will start next month . New election date is not yet fixed .. Caretaker .. But Mayor announced .. Reopen .. schools , hospitals and police station Well done , keep going - Hello . - Sheriff ... That was unexpected ... There 's no crime to catch you ? Today is my day off As you can see .. .. He has spent a lot of rewards That sheriff - Tremaine sold it for me . - Maybe not so ... He said that it does not fit with his image in campaign .. " As neighborhood residents Brick " I will vote for him But he still cooperate struggle for justice right ? - Just stop with Lola . - Do not dare . Alright I 'd better go . He will feel comfortable . - Calm down , jealous that he - Count to 3 do three Translator : TMT movie to remember Actor : Paul Walker
