 King updated reference array of DVD sales of movies and TV series Some saying that . It was because of a virus Actually much more logical than Some of the apocalyptic events . The Bible is fit . The possibility that the virus is more . Something tiny , invisible . We were within A collection of molecules batch commands Microscopic pieces of code that wherever the game is to survive Was waiting to himself . To every living thing that was Bchsbvnh And Bdkhvahanshv program . Free of ticks Yes , I think I virus . Is a more appropriate name God told the first day ! Let light come . And light is released . Verse Genesis 1 : 3 You can instead sit ! There was a helper to do There 's more ? . There 's only a few seconds ! Escape Madst bullets ? Well , what are you waiting for ? . Use of Jadvt Are you sure you want to let go what the doctor said ? If you see one badly hurt . If someone dies is associated with disease The need to have a doctor . The alarm was that dies . We do not need a doctor We do not need a doctor . But one want Why risk it ? . You gonna do Do you think the doctor 's information . ! I wanted more ! take it easy . What 's a waste of time left over . . Continue holding your way and attack The faster the better until they die from lack of water and food . . Bishan extinct . Knowledge is power We need information . To innovate with things that you are straining our . Not that kind of information . How about we hide ourselves away in a desert to finish the whole thing ? Desert you . We definitely need a specialist doctor . I make now to calculate ... The whole thing we need two trucks full of ! very dangerous At least every time the field forever . That we are ready and you feed off them . This is not true carefree , remember that everything after We were met disintegrated ? You were sitting facing forward Kvntv Sonic Boom And that you were nuclear warheads . Not clean premises . Even Bomber . I Bhtm And " ICBM " If express or cruise missiles . Before you can not hear any sound of explosion . But the issue came out Look , anyway . Must be placed somewhere cold . If you need a crazy head of the medical establishment where you select a That it might be . So the only way I approach Together . We 'll continue the attack . We say when , where and how The problem is , right ? . Badly you die of curiosity . But it was killing you . So I 'm curious , what ? . Nmyfhmmt even Yzrh you are not curious ? One day Pamyshy see anyone around you who was fatuous Thirsty for the blood of nonsense has been turned into zombies You do not want to know how or why it happen ? . No , I do not want Recently , I want my main chemical method . I change Do not turn the . I Bdymvn chosen path There is a military zone . Which can make for a shelter slides . I agree . A hospital . Good choice of ! Yala ! Come . Latrjy Jingo ! Let light come . shall we go Way around the hospital know ? . Yeah . Room 318 , Part C , to go there . You 're not locked the door and Hmvnjt you wait ! Brig. How can we unlucky ? Here we are now looking doctor . Instead we found a nurse and a girl My sister is a nurse . The senior doctor ... I 'm not every girl you before we Do not even ask general questions details . Two strangers gave . Should get out of here . Nothing more , nothing less . One of our business . Everywhere we mines . Not the right thing I suggest anyone who would blow up the valley before the Reapers . From here Lamb Run ? Before ? ! Time is not , contrary beds now . I 'm coming for you , do not shoot . Now that you 're spraying The Little Mvchvlv the slaughtering area . Did it out . Great , very great . The only thing you have to do Weiss is milled head . And pull the trigger What do you want ? What I want ? What I need ? ! Aynjarv Look , look . Gazm get infected , I understand ? ! I fucking now I 'm infected . Why get rid of this menu . I 'm improvement ! Do you understand ? Treatment . You need me , give ! You who finished the Byrvnyn . I knew eventually coming up . You and people like you Now I want to ! Why get rid of this menu Do you know him ? . You could say we know each other All my life by . I was looking creatures What are you ? General ? . Maybe not so much for the young as a captain ? Or the Major ? . Oh , Colonel . Yeah , must be Colonel . Something is right about me prosecution was part of my job , like his bitch . Well , yes , you could say we know each other ! I do not hospitality ! You 're not the location that you do . I lost control of my game . Menu can not see , I got infected ! So I 'm invisible ! Virtually invisible . Then you 'd better do something fast You better do something ... Otherwise ! Come to the exit You know it or not ? . Not face to face When we Shansshv . Should Mykshtymsh . You let the room go out Fuel her heart ? If burned , because the first time that Let Midi feelings . Decide . No matter she died . . You got stuck Dktrtv . I know you were a soldier . I suppose I am , you officer To sign up . And the plug to be one tough task I mean , to those of that . Not infected He thought for a moment . And said that You know what that means ? ! Carefree she died . You better stop asking Services More information to two . The stranger did not Well , you want Dr. I 'm sure you understand . This is no better than we are What was she thinking That said , not infected ? ... After all , someone who is infected You know , how it was infected and could not control himself again ? . The incubation period is a . all right How do I infected ? . Surely one of them has Lvdsh His wounds were not deep enough . It has been said animal 's teeth ... Do you think . Just another There 's plenty of time for questions . I have not time to be ... If you clear Radyvrv . Right . How we is not got time You are you listening to him ? . Yeah , of course , every night at nine Do you think you 're talking live or recorded Shdst ? . I do not know . Someone was Pkhshsh Must ... Radio broadcast manually helpful Or a pre-recorded program . The time was not playing every day . Hey , you got me worried I was a pessimist . And skepticism am But without any feeling , I remember eggs are wasted like this ? Adam decisive ? ... Ajsas not that , after all moves . Let 's go . Probably already started . It came with a rodent . The tiny , elusive , ruthless . That death and disease was spreading Every time a strong residue was eating . The rest of the time was hunting Zyfarv Were together one night in the nest A dinosaur nest . They attack The Mybln their eggs . They destroy the strong existing program Perhaps this process of nature . Old New Myblh Was split up into thousands of pieces . Was destroyed Perhaps the process . Axis kind of extinction Like inevitable death . But it was his The second day 's paradise Gordon Frakhvnd . Come to my office Reminds me do exactly that . We were here when We murder to booby-trapped areas . We built To those who become infected . Had to pull in and get ' em slaughter I know at first , perhaps ridiculous . Look Our basic nature is that we are facing in the trenches . If you do not want to get stuck or fall to be deployed , must not escape ... Or take the trouble of trees . I mean , I understand this Bkhshshv We will attack them , we Tqybshvn , not the other way I mean , with all this water is my core ... What should we Electrodes ? Electrodes . OK Harrow water separated from the water and we will correct the celestial sphere . We tell Heaven Heaven . Alktrvlyz · h water into hydrogen and oxygen . . Was separated I hope that the large size of Hydrogen indoors I correct that at any moment a spark ... Small off . Everything explode , everything . In theory , right ? In fact , many times I try not gone well ... I think I I could not get enough Hydrogen indoors Field I . To get a real blast I do not know , maybe ... I did not hole enough Drzarv Or perhaps enough of containers ... But I did not Electrodes Whatever the reason , too . We must now work . Beautiful Thank you , happy one . I was defined innovation He did not do it , all the . TNT and gunpowder cares I 'm metaphor needs the process . Like God . Water lead to heaven ? . This creative is not a religious fanatic I came to one of our meetings . I 've done it once . Some scientists or pseudo scientists do not know Kind of wanted to explain parts of the Bible through science ? U know ? However , this theory came into being . How God created Heaven Communicates via stream by the transmitter . The prehistoric waters Theory is good . But I did leave Hrfshv Asked , ' Hey , nitrogen and air was where ? . I was still waiting for an answer Where nitrogen or how Heaven was created ? . Yeah you like it ? What can I do that ? . You 're like my dad monkey Why does everything have to have a purpose ? Why can not we do something the way I do ? How do you like or not ? ... Yeah , but it does not follow in terms of aesthetic purpose , right ? Tell me , do not you think its objective beauty ? There is not beauty for beauty ? Karamvnv can not do without reason ? Say , what you eat because the taste was good Or the music you hear ? Painting or killing for fun ? Well , if the card is over . I go to work with my gun ' s education . I can not believe . Just like the one . Goal Goal The goal is to have a beautiful field and recipes you know ? ... You know , see how ! They were blasted into building . follow me . Go Go Go . One input , weapons that Smth ! We need to go . The main negative . They can close us jump out from every direction . There are only two directions According to you . You 'll find ways to save As soon as you reach . We ran outta here . Grenade ! Salvation is here ! Move on ! Come in ! go Go This is the second time that assail us . Instead we expected them to express . Something is not right . It does not mean that something wrong is wrong Third of the direction . You were under attack us Instead of his shooting skills to do Andazyt . All you do Alchemy Game Drmyary . You still owe me an answer . I have the answer What I saw with my own eyes is that the time between infection And turns outbreak . A few seconds to a few Dqyqst But I saw only a few cases . That 's why I say the same ones I am the way I 'd seen . Until now Hmynv official reports of you . Before reading the collapse ... But those who had hospital No reason not to believe . Really infected or not I do not know , it 's hard to explain . But I feel falsely implied Do not know what is happening Do not know how transferred from one to another . Who and what do not know Anyway . I 'm not right for this discussion . As soon as I 'm concerned , is over . But if you insist , you know Now if I was okay . I have important things to do like . Do a short break I drink water . Again going back to Carmon . Goal target . I swear positive Babast . You 're right , but not like this . You do not fall trap Are you sure it 's not too early for us ? You have more guns than many Srbazayy weeks . Pre-match training Shot You soon get used to kill Soon these things . We finish How long does it take to make this situation continue ? How much should create an explosive trap With a gun to wait and kill ? . A few more months Dead , Baby I promise a few more months . The nightmare was over . We can find somewhere quiet . All the bad things behind we let him be ? . We 're almost always right trap . Your guns ready , wait . I honestly do not end . There are nights to relax a little bit , so it 's really not you agree ? Look like a strange way to look at the issues of gun sight No hope for something better ? One other thing ? answered ! Gas bombs ! answered . It must be seen When we went up . We Bmbarvnsh with steam cloud . It shattered the . The total water vapor became a must-see ... Within the chamber , and a few bullets for . End there 's probably a better job of Well maybe heaven Display Driver Model . created ... A great source of boiling water . But this is just Bkharh ok ok ok . If enough degree climb And artificial intelligence are fairly good ... Water was fragmented into elements but But I finished chemistry course ! Have real work to do There 's more ? . Probably kill each other Predatory dinosaur . Disobey the laws of balance . Just like people Perhaps one or several dinosaur that you have the skills Kill . Harrow eradicate the entire species I think not , ultimately , ecosystem . It was supposed to be effective Most of the population because of low prey to hear Has a smaller population of predators . Bishan conversion . Let the body be revived and continued predatory mites The only exception to this . Human balance But how to know just the man ? The third day God gave the dry land Frakhvnd Before all this happens washed watches this scene looked Harrow Power base The creation of matter from nothing . I consider . There is no greater truth than this . Should get out of here When everything was quiet . The result ? . No Only those who Daynasvra Yarvyh . Talking about this Do you think the government is still out there ? . Always something The entire civilization of the other not ? What was the other one says Accept command and command them . To make work pay and expenses , wrong According to you , if the state does not . After civilization not I do not know if the government is working Probably the whole region with nuclear warheads . Was cleared . We would not be here if that happens who knows ? Anyway . Until this story ends not to understand anything . . Oh depends on If you cruise missile ICBM team . You can not hear any sound But if the plane is . Two to choose clothes B-52 bombers might like Only the sound of approaching Hvapymaharv Just before you hear explosions or supersonic bombers like the B 1 Because you can not hear anything . . But I could hear a roar of supersonic . Just before they left the ground After a bright light and intense heat coming from their . I 'll not hear anything . . Laugh . The first time I see you smile Finally one was found . Tvtysh with theories that can not Dyvvnsh You told him what happened before the events start ? . No A Web site that . Rejected the conspiracy theories . Now they all believed . Situations when Always easier to justify . And was more reasonable . I think How the government is working on suddenly disappear ? Why patch electricity and water are still flowing ? . you say . Must be due to biological weapons . I believe him . The more logical and simpler .tvjyh . Guard your turn bad - Untranslated Line - You ? . Be careful You never sit down and rest ? . Ever . it is nothing If you do not want to talk about it . I understand . All . Everything . Getting worse . Husband ? Parents ? Children ? ... Cousins , uncles told . And struck . Always struck I know , I know everything seems to become just a blur I understand that point of view . But everything was changed ! I do not More life . We 'd kill to kill or control Always responsible Planning and development of methods and I destruction methods To stupid like you . I help Now that I 'm afraid ! Because nothing has changed . But certainly not this way . Not women and children . Not your family Look , all my life I saw there were people Due to various diseases . Fiddly 's death But I saw the simultaneous those who were badly And for the same suffering . Growing up . Yeah you 're right , nothing has changed . I think exactly why . But I know there is still hope 4 , 5 people who have followed in Myvmdn fired . But still are . The third issue is no accident . Someone ' em to us Mykshvnh . Hiding tonight ! Motion King updated reference array of DVD sales of movies and TV series The guy who was going to the hospital . I think Finally . We could traps June to take healthy It said something about that . They Nmybynnsh But did not attack him because this is Nmykrdn . They do not like to attack What do you think ? Might have led them in to us . Is not put himself fled . Chances missing . Imagine if it really infected Map Harrow has led to us . It should be neutral to know 11 hours and broadcast radio program . Got lost . The first time she 'd Do you think they Myshnasn met ? . I do not know . Not specified You said that you You take ' em hospital . But did not kill . Not the kind of man I knew . But it is not that kind of person I know , ever so much . I had never met with skepticism Fresh . I had never seen a live one . I 'm a different person . Someone who is not infected Look , he no doubt . Veteran soldier verse May be contrary to nature . The people had been shot You know , features a . Warrior Shraftmndh and Bess . To be honest with side Mnshsh I must confess that exactly . The first time I saw this I THOUGHT AND So much for the young general confidence And a colonel or experience . I do not know ' s captain . But we must go back before the rest Probably we speak right now . They were going to protest security If the infected person is sent to us Harrow Should any action can . Do . We do not have another place to hide what is this ? . Kvchvlvyh . Should I test . I create my land , water Look cage in the Ebe I 'm an artificial stream . I make Water flowing particles inside . Water clinging to their cage According particles have a long face Bchsbn Bchsbn him . The tiny island like a cage that appeared to come see . I 'd go back . Yeah . Yeah , you should go back . Very good . Thank you , thank you If he really is chasing after us . Here is familiar with That is going to be tonight . Harrow infected or tomorrow we have to break Have a plan ? . Always have a plan Ciro 's plan is that all responsibility Bspry not I ? . Now you 're probably drive me crazy I should know , as always , . Do you follow me ! Like a game of cat and mouse . Not move , not move Now I understand . They think they need me Btrsn ! Hate me , from my The main one is a must ! I Btrsyn He 's one of the whole family ! Shkshth Tell them , Colonel ! Tell them who you really ! Not move . I suggest not move and take your hands up ! Them all ! With his gun ! from front Madrshv , Bchshv . Kvchvlvshv brother 's daughter . A two-year-old child . . Hvshmndanst , certainly do not know As a civilian killing people . Criminals , killers When Tnth uniforms and awards . Adam smoker . Twenty dead civilians that it takes . The psychological . The serial killer . ! But as a soldier , showing charisma coming ! stop I happened to be in charge The death of hundreds or thousands or more are Killing millions of dead . Being a national hero , a god ! Poetry you say ! You 're turning into a myth . Stop it , please do . Fear me . Hate me . When all these events took place . Thus , under the command of his own Srbazayy Could help the family take them in a shelter ! Not care for them , help them get Finally , one of the groups belong ! The home they get ' em out of misery ! But rather it not ! He went solo . One bullet hit the Tkshvn . Create your heads ! Like death , it is ! Labeled a hero ! A man with honor Nothing but a mental ! Serve the law ! Not otherwise ! His mother , Taste ! Closely Tell them what it feels like Colonel total kill your family ? ! Not what the hell are you doing ? Would have to wait a little while longer . Seemed a good information . Could wait . Saw earlier . That 'd be a goner what about you ? Knew it or not ? Why did you doubt rather than kill him ? Why should you hesitate ? What difference does it make ? . She died . One other attack ! You go about your position . Shahab , yes . After all , what could be the reason for this sudden destruction he Apart Exterior reason that destroyed everything that was coming out of nowhere ? Like a Hollywood disaster . Or apocalyptic tale Or maybe nothing more than a reflection of our great fear is ? There 's no control Srnvshtmvn ? Who knows No matter how we try . Take us forward end Massive and inevitable end . Fire , unstoppable Of course , the probability is that they see . But do not understand Maybe right now you are talking about pass in front of our eyes We can not Bbynymshvn like dinosaurs . And hear Sdashvnv Like a beep annoying after a while . Your nerves led to me . On the fifth day God Great Wall and all living organisms. created Well knew it or not ? When I told you to get ready hideout I asked . You also kill fish aquarium They 're the cat stretch . If you were to absorb worse die . You did not answer my question got the time and energy spent You nutritious device automatically . Why then does this not Knew it or not ? I told you did not know Qyaftn . So no matter the truth does not matter now dead ? . You 're hiding something from us You know how this story began ... You know how it began ... What difference does it know how to start ? Something I said or did not say Not something that yourself . Could not be solved Yeah , weapons testing . Biological Yeah , got out of control . Yeah After all this time you knew and did not tell us ? ... You know how this happened and . You know Hmvnqdr I do not understand why innocent yourself . MIDI effects Did you think that Why are infected do not attack each other ? Why did they attack healthy people only ? You ? With all those conspiracy theories ? It was clear from the first draft More logical explanations As the chemical weapons testing that is out of control ? What good I told you something that you know ? . He Danshmndh Knkjkavy obsession of yours . It took us here If immature obsession by people like you is not about the truth How and why . We would not be here now . Look , I understand the anger ... But He was sitting in the back . Computer software virus was spreading I have a lot of friends and colleagues . More and worse Mydadn Open If so could easily be one of us to the importance of Mydyn Teenagers lie to yourself . We 're all bastards , that 's the truth So that 's an innocent game would not have Drnyaryn Just because I did something . You hid or did not . I do not have time for this ridiculous debate By noon the big bang I was getting ready for the last few days Pumpin ' trap than anything . That we could build wiped . Must close the gap . Now do not purchase yourself . Nothing is not going to get better Pollution is getting worse . More violent and more intense field If you understand Vaysym time and place Nshym . For all the Mykshn . Now I relax When we go to rest . Lower classes . Do not be so hasty judgment . Did you hear what was Forced his family . Kill himself . I lost everything . This is me with my dad Science researches . I compassionate about killing Must have the courage ? Who would ? . You do not fall in this trap it is not Babant , remember that ? . shall we go Tadpole ? Awesome , even frogs here . Copulation and oviposition Darren Hey Hey Hey . Mating and childbearing please So you 're saying if something we find some fish He abandoned animals from store These are mating and laying eggs they can go next season ? . But should not we just do it because At that time acting . They commit suicide Yeah , but ... I still have a chance . Until we do that all over 'll love Now I understand why . Do not like to talk about it . Sorry Wife , child ? Father , sister , brother . Niece , everything All . With my hands like something straight out that she died said . Discharge . I 'm sorry . Bad things are always Once a terminal illness into treatment that I was going to leave the court . I turn off the life support machine . You know , to let you die with honor When she insisted on court order He 's only a young girl who has done it . You know , they cut all connections . She went into the world to live It took a week to identify up The other for a week . Finally , after long You all this time . His mother suffered badly We begged her not stop . But insisted he wanted to wait After the girl arrived and everything was over . I had the opportunity to talk When he spoke of his mother . The letter was from a woman is heartless and bitter One of the things that 's always . Hence his question Do not cuddle . Just accept discomfort was But said everything that For a time his mother . According to his friend Mybkhshh He stopped a moment and said Hrfshv Just tell your mother loves you . The long hallway yelled offers Ten-minute break after getting ready to attack should go Lftsh You can not continue this way . Must go . I wish we had beach . I do not like the beach That 's because it is . Dad knew me Turn around with it for a week . You 're Poseidon . He was essentially a pirate . Minimum professional angler Always the funeral sea . Viking spoke . - Viking funeral So what ? Mykhvabvnn boat The boats and go to the horizon His favorite with all the weapons and all her assets ? . Finally went for their Tyshsh . Not Bad I do not know . I 'd rather die while making love The first time you walk by a contaminated wound or gas ? what do you mean ? . you know what I 'm talking Zkhmayy the hallway . Understanding You do not lose anything , right ? . When the injury is not associated with the work I do because someone , remember that ? . The answer did not Syvalmv . Has already been doing this . Yeah , for me too At first it was just not contagious Not moved through the bite or wound Or perhaps . The incubation period is too long . However , you must understand , Maybe their heart of hearts growing need to ensure we avoid them Before . When you are pulling out all around us , What makes you think I know ? . stop It 's no use . We continue to play stupid . Nothing , not tell them . what do you mean ? . You know exactly what I mean . Could not be accidental it is nothing . I know how you feel Everything around me is burning . Had gone This is a new thing for me ... You may also not seen anything Perhaps I 'd better find out because I told you As long as I am concerned . Nothing has changed . You 're talking about yourself again . . Attack rather than answers . I 'm playing next I know nothing has changed . You 're right , but that 's Zkhmn Zkhmayy that you could not get Drmanshvn doctor . Neither the therapist nor the time nor anyone We 've rested enough . We need to go do you promise ? Promise ... When this case is over we can We can kill fish without that we cultivate ? And ... The three-headed spear . And Salamander ... And the frog ? . Frog . what ever you want . Come on , we started to attack them , you have already learned How to use these weapons . Little use It 's time to sit down and learn how to attack . Anfjarharv not handle Other answer . Volcanic eruptions of Not one but . Thousands of small significant , with precipitation Millions of years of accumulated stress . And one day , everything was free Joe 's myriad bursts of high power . Was full of dust and the sun 's deadly gases was Soil , air and water . Toxic side What is more frightening than the thought that the destruction lurking beneath our feet ? The Hmvnjayy in which we live . Was motivated What in life and death of embracing peace ? . I replied successful this time months . I tried ! Great . He would say even become useless , tiny 'S remote control . His camera . Identify tools of ultra-verse . Great Can the camera . The remote control of connected machines to do But the important thing is that I can say I knew it up and go . I got the ladder , Look . look . I do not understand , replied . Do not worry , do not give up You know , one of my medical professors . I was told a joke written in the Book of Genesis . You 're kind of creation of man As you know , the first one has not worked very well . That 's why God tried again Well , in my view . Something special from her second time Brnyvmdh I think the basic version . All bug fixes her before the data came out The initial release ? . Early Edition You know , like computer programs Without Ybashv fix them . They even meet her version released . But I see what it is , it will not work Tvnsth not convince you . But believe me , very early A few other week . Certainly all of us died , but not now We were loaded on trucks of tons of equipment and food and you talk We then started in a remote desert . A place where Mtrvkst Hundreds of kilometers away from any city . A time to be calm I see my feet , I Nqshshv I even got a Lystm . How do we collect everything . There is still room . Still too early . I agree . Why not place NL Narseh After a nowhere to go . While not a place to hide ! Wow , did you finish it . Yeah ! Beautiful ... Thank you . Look at this . The cage and the processing of their care I 'll make another one . Must have a communication system between them . Am I correct them several Bdm . Sign can take ' em anywhere . Manly shifts up one by one now ... These little rest and get We have enough toys you . Are useless . By the time the general maintenance Is a 15 minute break . Then we go . To get ready I 'll guard Look , why are you so harsh with him , did you encounter ? It you look at the purpose of life ? Always in motion ? Kill or get killed ? ! Are among . Coming . We were surrounded ! I stuck . - Gndsh knock . You 'll go hide in corners . Darren force among you , we have enough ammunition and cartridges have finished Karshvnv . The main negative , so Zyadn . It should finish Just before finishing . More and more insane were wild I can smell and Sdashvnv from . I feel a hundred yards . Were gathered a few seconds If you go Corridor area would kill zombies fix . But the way that we want to take them serious injury was the NL us . God 's love . Always remember that . Love There is no other thing , you know ? . The hope is always there . Just have a good look around and Vertu . If Ydfh Vaysyn Vaysyn entered the hall to hear . Harrow detonator exploded at the same time we can . Should stay near the ceiling , . Yes , maybe . Perhaps for the first time to buy a second wave of attack . Something that I do not lose I work out these seasoned Harrow round . I 'll arrange the rest of the ! Come on ! Condiments , I 'm back Sar Tom ! Go ! Yala ! Yala ! Move ! Move ! Move ! He did not succeed ! Yala ! Mykshnsh ! Let me do this ! No ! Come on ! Not now , not now ! No ! No . It 's time to go to desert. leave me . My people . Go . good luck Why killed all right there ? . I 'm a people-people , as we all are . Badly hurt , but it 's still not over . Are you still alive she died . So do you have for it ? . Keep it stupid , fucking hypocrite Expand your mouth you hear ? ... I 'm not what you 're not ? ! my God ! I 'm sick of hypocrisy and pretending to be hard , What do you think ? He 's thinking ? We are what we think ? He helped the man stayed alive and nothing if not That you absolve yourself of any responsibility For happening that run is going on ? The essence of life . Killing and suffering of survival . Every time you eat something to die . The killing of living creatures feed you . Hyvvna and Gyaha are not the same . Gyaha , Hyvvna ? Every time you turn on headlights and walk or car ride . One somewhere dies of lung cancer Every time you buy something for Shndr Goose . A number of Third World children showed you go . Enough . You do not know what you 're saying . Hzyvn say . my God . Denial began again You know I 'm dying . But think like one If I went that way I treat . Most people get better . . Love , forgiveness , mercy ! Lqt ass . It yourself . Do you like one . Escape you and kill you To survive . Have killed worst Not anymore . Anyone of us gets killed You can say whatever you want about me . But do not dare say anything about it Do not dare ? Do not dare ? Means something about . I tell you rep Why do you think I chose him of all hospital ? What ? Why . As part of the program Research hospital . Part of the I hoped the research . Would be there I was curious , I was curious . Prvzhm know how the water bell . I do not believe . No . You know , all the time , you know , . Oh yeah I knew What he filth . Her mind was right when he fell to the ground ! Of the servants , servants He thought he was stupid when Mykshtsh ? Which was saved from suffering ? That was in front of me to face the truth ? . Wool proud , substitute ! Reality myunm . I know who I am and what should A result of my testing ! God 's sake I 'd arrange a meeting Harrow Harrow I wrote notes , I was encouraged I was pushing , I was convinced . Help I were artificial , fake signatures was I never thought leaders do not confirm If you do one like me . Visitors ! Baby was ! The high point of our ! He 's fucking cursed tests . It could not be worse . Kshtmshvn , I killed them all I did not just trigger . I took them all away We all Qatlym . I was just more successful than others so But your sister was a clean guy Composers I worked in a hospital . It was part of the experiment . - No ... I can not believe . She never did what ? He had survived was stupid bitch ! The killer was . You want to save me , you can not . My people . Contamination did not attack me . I was in . Right from the start-up There is no cure ! I know because I was sure it would be Not something you get sick . The region All Mryzym ! So we live Mryzym ! Life is a main disease . All Qatlym , you and I . Sister , father ... Behold ... Do you want to ... Want . Just do it . We clean our clothes and stress . Very upscale , such as Viking boat Myzarymsh We found two pickups . We Persson Whatever we need . We go the desert I probably none of the theories . Is not true . It might not always be true It just was not an accident . And was not originated from a source But a combination of factors . Tdadysh is relevant and not Tdadysh Something that vulnerable ecosystems . Dinosaur damaged balance . Dinosaurs may have his work . Perhaps the rodents However , when they are vulnerable . A huge meteor to fall Causing a chain of earthquakes . And erupting volcanoes all over the world A meteor , the eruption of volcanoes . Earthquake , imbalance . Each alone is not enough But side by side . The general agent of collapse . While others say it was a virus Actually . This seems the logical Torre
