 Ugh ! Clear out of here ! Clear out of here ! - I would 've thought these guys would be up in times square . Mama shu 's discounts Are a fleet week tradition . Whether they 're a soldier or sail , They always end up here . I wonder why . - Holly ? - I was on a date . - What do we got ? - Sasha kirilenkov . 22 , second-gen working girl from brighton beach . Her pimp , billy hong . 26 , born and raised right here . - All right , got defensive cuts on her arms . Stab wounds to your abdomen . Those are precise , tightly grouped . The perp knew what he was doing . This one , not so much . Spread like buckshot to the torso . Shell casing and entry wounds say 9 millimeter . - We 've got reports of two marines fleeing the scene , One black , one white , Both covered in blood . - Great . 2 out of 6,000 guys in this town with high-and-tights . - Let 's find the murder weapons and bump up our odds . Any progress ? - Two dead bodies , two missing weapons , Two suspects in the wind . Something else I 'm missing ? - Fleet week , marines , double homicide . Any boxes I forgot to check off ? - Yeah , captain on the scene . - The chief wants a command presence . Show we 're taking this seriously . Any reason we wouldn 't be ? " carat 2013 . " Think it 's a name ? I think it 's a start . - I left 14 pounds of venison on the grill for this . - I left an open bid on a ' 59 bordeaux for this , So I feel your pain . Wait , where do you get venison in rockland county , anyway ? - The woods . It 's deer hunting season . - You in an orange jacket and an elephant gun , Blasting bambi 's head off , huh ? Compound bow , bambi 's dad . Hey . Think one of the perps left his uniform . Short sleeve khaki blouse . - Got a couple of letters in the pocket . From andrea dole to sergeant seth courier , United states marine corps . Upper east side address , Pastel colors , sealed with a kiss , And a stamp of the virgin mary herself . Here , wrap it up . - Yeah . Where are you going ? - The last place seth courier was . - My church sponsored a letter-writing campaign For single soldiers . - So , seth believed in a higher power ? - He believed in something greater than himself . We found common ground . - You always write to soldiers you don 't know ? - I knew enough after nine months To want to know more . When he stepped off the liberty Looking for a place to stay ... - You opened your home like you opened your heart . Now , either seth didn 't know how to pack , Or you really like marines . You didn 't think to tell us You were shacked up with two jarheads ? Drawing that conclusion , And the way that you 're dressed , Tells me more about you than you know about me . Okay , we take your point . What 's the other marine 's name ? The other one . Andrea , these two men are in trouble . Now , if you care about them as much as I think you do , Then we need you to help us . Keean ferrell . They left last night and didn 't come home . I 'm the only one that they know in the city . Should I pray for them ? It couldn 't hurt . Right . Thanks for keeping us updated there , holly . You know , I 'm detecting a pattern here . Holly goes inside with the sarge , While you and I sit outside having the same conversation . - Feminine touch inside with church girl , And grunts outside in case the perps show up . It 's not exactly rocket science . - She just hosted a slumber party with two marines . The last thing she 's looking for is a feminine touch . - Two guys ? I mean , how does that even work ? - The same as two girls and a guy , Except a lot less fun . Really ? You ever ... You 've never ? - Nah , I 've been with suze since high school . Huh . I can see why you take out your frustrations On furry little animals . Hey . We can 't all survive on kale shakes and agave cleanses . You were kind of rough on her . What happened on this date of yours ? - I 'll let you know when it 's over . You buy her as the sweetest churchgoer in new york ? - Would explain seth and keean heading for the whorehouse . All right , you 're a marine fugitive , on the run , In a city you don 't know , Without family or friends to count on . You don 't go back to andrea 's . Where do you go ? Back to my ship ? - Only if you 're desperate and dumb . Hope for both , count on neither . - Is anything right about that picture ? Tokyo drift on the upper east side at 4 : 00 A.M. Bad parking , worse haircuts . - And wearing a trench coat after memorial day . How do you want to play this ? - Divide and conquer . Hey ! - " andrea dole to seth courier . " They must have just beat us to the brothel . And they 're packing a tec-9 ? This pimp must be pretty well connected . Marines have two problems now , Us and whoever else is looking for ' em . - If " whoever else " is armed like this , They 're our problem now , too . â ™ a Scout / sniper 's crack shot .. Just notched his third tour . - That 's a lot of combat . How 'd he wear it ? - Came back the same each time : Longer face , shorter fuse . That 's courier on the left . - And on the right ? - Lance corporal rob shea . We lost him this trip . IED , helmand province . Courier took it hard . Blamed himself , shut down . I almost had to pull his ass out of the line . But we got a new " hooah " in , Decided to put him underneath courier instead . - Keean ferrell . - Yeah . They got close . Ferrell grew up , courier straightened out . - Any problems ? Booze or drugs ? Courier had his issues . But if you were going through a door , You wanted him in your stack . - Ever seen one of these ? - Balisong flip knife . Any sailor that 's dropped anchor in the subic bay In the last 40 years has at least one . - When was your last trip to the philippines ? Never . We only cruise the mideast and the med . Carat one of yours as well ? " carat " is a navy cruise . " cooperation afloat readiness and training . " Sturgeon 's the only ship that did a pacific trip this year . She just came into port last night . why do I get the feeling We 're gonna have to visit every ship in town Before this is over ? Quit complaining . Single lady , 5,000 sailors ? This is like christmas coming early . - This coming from a guy who 's only found One woman who 'd say , " yes . " - When did teddy have time to tell you that ? He tweeted it . Didn 't use your name , but I don 't think He knows too many " anthropological throwbacks . " - Peng lei wu , 23 , attempted robbery , Attempted assault , and attempted battery . - You 're not much of a finisher , are you ? - Now we 've got you for resisting arrest , Assaulting an officer , And criminal possession of a firearm . Plus , another 15 years for the assault weapon . Yeah , the empire state kind of frowns on those . - Upper east side 's not your hunting ground . Who sent you uptown after my perps ? Death for life gang . Red ink tells me you 're boo how doy , D.F.L. Foot soldier . Oh , you don 't want to talk ? No worries . See , I put word out across chinatown that you got mad When your driver ditched you , Gave up intel on the D.F.L. - Who 's gonna listen to a banana ? - My first call is danny chu at the mott street association . Second call is to mr . Wei . Third is the pharmacy on pell street . - You know c-town , you know I 'm just boo how doy . They don 't tell me anything . - They tell you enough to put a tec-9 in your hand . Just supposed to wait for the G.I.S. They killed the wrong man . Hmm . What 's a dead pimp to the D.F.L. ? - Dead pimp 's name is billy hong . There 's a david hong , Used to be dragon head for the D.F.L. ? He still is . - You knew the dead pimp 's brother Was the D.F.L. shot caller ? I suspected , you confirmed . Lots of hongs south of canal street . In ' 93 , 2 % of the force was asian , And 99 % of us worked gangs in chinatown . Any reason you didn 't share , Just broke up my interrogation instead ? - Yeah . I didn 't like your approach . My approach ? - I served with kids like courier and ferrell . They 're not perps , they 're suspects , maybe even witnesses . These " kids " aren 't kids . They 're trained killers who fled a crime scene . Come on , ed . - Marines off a ship , back from war . Bullets start flying , their heads go back to dark places . - Then let 's get ' em off the streets Before more blood spills . Let the lawyers argue ptsd . - Oh , doctor and a cop . You 're the total package . I want you with the program or stepping off ! what 's up ? What do you got ? - Burglary in progress . cooper responds to the call ... Unh ! Aah ! Bell here guts him . Drive him back to the station . Take the long way , you understand ? You with the program , officers ? - We 're with the program , sarge . - Good . - The captain takes great pride in the ship And expects the same of the crew . He bought every one of ' em a knife As a memento of this year 's cruise . - We 're gonna need to do interviews . That 's 352 sailors . - Well , we better get started , then . - Right , I understand that you have a job to do , But these men fall under ucmj by way of the captain . - Lieutenant wyatt , we can ask the captain How much pride he 'd take in a new york times article About his souvenir knife Killing a hooker in a chinatown whorehouse . Or , we can quietly do our thing and be on our way . The captain can go on believing whatever he likes . And what do you need from me ? - A look at the liberty book would be a good start . Six sailors signed in within an hour of the murders . Let 's start with this , uh , seaman kenny jenkins . When he signed out last night , his signature Was level and centered . When he signed back in , It was sloped downwards and flushed right . He 's disappointed in , and distancing himself from , Whatever happened in between . Or maybe he was drunk . - Or scared , or adrenalized from a murder . I 'll send for him . - I 'd rather we went and got him . I don 't think you can . - I need some fresh air anyway . Watch your head . Kenny jenkins ? Ah , ah , ah , ah . Well , that went well . If I don 't cover my shift , someone else has to pick up my slack . Hmm , double homicide and you 're worried about what you left in the fryer , huh ? - I 've got to get back to the sturgeon . I need my medication ! We 'll make a trip to cvs . Two weapons , Your prints on both . Body attached to each . So how come nobody sees you running out of the whorehouse , Just courier and ferrell ? People don 't see me . - So , you and courier are both from erie . You grow up together ? First instinct was flight , not fight . You haven 't looked us in the eye since you walked in . Hey , ten to one says you were bullied , And courier stuck up for you . I wanted to go marines too . Seth talked me out of it . Right , now it 's fleet week . You guys are in town together . It 's your first time at sea , right ? You 're horny . You want to get your first Piece of tail in port , but you don 't know the city . Now seth , he knows prostitutes well enough To bring a buddy . You end up in chinatown ? - Ferrell has a wife or something , So he just stayed up front , But she wanted us to pay for three , Not two , and the pimp came in and ... - And seth and keean beat on him because he said the same thing . - He started swinging and they fought back , And that 's when the girl came back in with a gun , But she started shooting at us and hit the pimp instead . And we were next , so I pulled out my knife , but ... - But you wash dishes for a living , And courier , he kills for his , so ... So he snatched the knife and stabbed the hooker ? And saved our lives . you know what 's funny ? He 'd done that in combat , they 'd be giving him a medal . His story tracks . - If you were looking at 30 years And a dishonorable discharge , You 'd play a self-defense angle too . Their lives were threatened . They did what they were trained to do . It 's not some light switch you turn off When you get back to the states . - How many hookers did you murder when you came back ? - These boys accidentally killed a woman , okay ? They 're conflicted , confused . All they hold sacred is gone ... Their careers , honor , even their lives . - If they 're so misunderstood , why are they running ? - You saw what they did , maybe you 'd be running too . Ed , who the hell is that ? David hong . I had teddy pick him up . This ain 't the precinct . - Let 's talk about this for a second . they 're waiting for us . Let ' em wait . " g " ... - He put a cop in the hospital . You know what has to happen here . It doesn 't feel right . - Nobody knows what it 's like to be a cop except us . We 're out there every day fighting a war With one arm tied behind our back . - We don 't send a message when one of ours gets hurt , It 's like tying the other arm . - ah , what ... Come on . Unh ! Where are you taking me ? - Come on , come on . - Our condolences on the loss of your brother . - That why you dragged me in here ? You need to back off and let us do our job . - Yeah , I 'm sure you 're all about billy 's murder . - We 're treating it like any other case . But tripping all over your soldiers Only slows us down and delays his justice . Justice ? The justice those marines are gonna get Is older than this city . wake the hell up ! Those marines are expert marksmen . Fatal shots were fired from ten feet away And hit scattered and sloppy . Your idiot brother was shot by his own hooker . Captain ? Captain ! You can 't lie for them . You can 't hide them . I see things you don 't . so what 's your take ? - It 's a bad idea to lay hands on a prisoner With the camera running . if you 're done playing games , Can I get teddy back now ? What for ? - What , you want to do his job too ? - I want to know what you know . Hong tipped his hand . I know you saw something . Tell me what 's going on , ed . It can 't be just about some brotherhood of warriors thing . - If you 're smart , you 'll stop right there , sergeant . Now , I 'm giving you a direct order to tell me Exactly what you know , and that is the only thing I want to hear from you right now . There were D.F.L. parked , near the sturgeon . I thought maybe they were clocking us , But if hong 's got eyes all over the city , Maybe he 's got someone on the ship . And jenkins kept asking to go back , Even when he knew we wouldn 't let him . - You think courier and ferrell are hiding on the sturgeon . I think it 's worth looking . No . You kick hong loose for me . I 'll take your team . - You really think you can do my job better than me ? - 40,000 tons of displaced steel . Five decks connected by staircase or ladder . Lips at the door of every compartment . Out on that ship , yeah , I think I can . You 're going back to the sturgeon . I think jenkins is hiding courier and ferrell onboard , And the captain 's gonna go with you . - Sarge , I really ... - find these guys . Lean on lieutenant wyatt to help if you need him . You come back safe . Yeah . Let 's go . - Hey , holly . Keep an eye on him . - The way he tells me to keep an eye on you ? Yeah . - Things blow up between ironside and the captain , Who gets us in the divorce , huh ? - Well , no mystery which way you 're headed . - I thought I was growing on the sarge . yeah , you probably were , Until you went and picked up hong . - This is jenkins ' rack . - Great . You got a combo for the lock ? - I 'll go get some bolt cutters . - The captain gave me an order . - Ah , yep . And he knew who would follow it the fastest . But don 't worry about it . You know , the sarge is a understanding guy . I 'm sure he 'll see it from your point of view . - You 're enjoying this , aren 't you ? Yeah , a little bit . No , a lot , actually . Maybe I 'll tweet about it . Where we at ? Nothing yet . The captain and I are searching the main deck and up , Virgil and teddy , everything below . Okay . - Yeah , sarge ? - Put me on speaker . Tossing jenkins 's bunk now . What do you see ? - Toiletries , uniforms , underwear . Tell me about the uniforms . - Well , there 's lots of blue camouflage , And , uh , some of them desert . Navy and marine . what sizes ? Blues are small . Deserts large and extra large . - One sailor , two uniforms , in three sizes . These aren 't for jenkins at all . You really are good at math . Where 'd you collar jenkins ? The galley . - Start there , and move backward to his bunk . - Should we call holly and the captain ? No , you should not . - Hey , found him ! Aah ! Move ! - Nypd ! Stop , now ! chief , this is estrada . Uh , suspects heading aft In section two , past gun two . - Police ! Get out of my way ! slow down , hero ! - These men are suspects in a double murder . Get out of my way , now ! - The men are United States marines ! Move , now ! - The hell we will . - Get back ! - My first shot goes into your kneecap , hotshot . My partner 's goes in his . Go ahead . - Everyone stand down ! We 're here on police business , Not to hurt anyone . - Stop waving your guns in our faces . - Lower your weapons . - Sir ... Now , detectives ! Who 's the ranking nco ? - That 'd be me . - We 're cleared through lieutenant wyatt . - The lieutenant 's not in our chain of command , And he 's not a marine . - I am . Captain rollins , marine corps reserves . - Why are you railroading our guys , sir ? - I 'm not , corporal . But we can 't leave them here , And they 're not safe on the streets . For their own protection , We have to take them with us , now make a hole ! They jumped . They had time . - You want to tell me this goat rodeo out here With half the department 's resources ? Did you call for backup once you I.D. ' d the suspects ? Solicit the navy 's help ? - Four of us on the ship , and the navy looped in . It was handled . - Then where are our perps ? there was a situation . Yeah , there was a situation ! There 's a bigger situation now . It 's on every tv in new york . - Sir , with all due respect , I had concerns . Engaging servicemen with deadly force , Resistance from others onboard protecting fellow marines . I didn 't ... - suspects ! They 're suspects ! Christ , I don 't know which way we 're screwed worse here , If their bodies wash up in the battery tonight Or if they got away . I don 't know what uniform You put on today , but I suggest you figure that out ! Uniforms canvassed the dock , Aviation had a bird up in the air for an hour , And the harbor unit had scuba teams In for more than two . - I mean , holly 's still scrubbing the ship , But if I had to bet , Courier and ferrell are either dead or in the wind . No , they 're in the wind . - You think he made the wrong call ? - It was pretty hairy down there . Mm . - I wouldn 't want to second guess . Try me . - Seemed like he might have slowed things down . - Like he wanted courier and ferrell to get away ? - Wouldn 't say that , exactly . - You 're uncharacteristically quiet . - I think you 're looking for an answer that I can 't give you . - You don 't have a perfect track record Of knowing what I 'm looking for . - I was relieved as hell when the captain showed up . We were seconds away from either shooting marines Or getting our asses kicked for bluffing . It 's really difficult separating the good guys from the bad . You took your time , officers . - Hey ! Hey , no ! - Come on . - No ! Oh ! Aah ! Aah ! Get off ! Leave me alone ! Aah ! Help me ! Aah ! Help me ! I 'm sorry ! Aah ! - I 'm outta here . Aah ! - Get your ass in there . - I 'm sorry ! Aah ! aah ! - He bulldozes his way through every case , Comes out clean each time . I make one judgment call , do it the right way , And what 's left of my ass is in a sling . - Yeah , I didn 't know any better , I 'd swear bobby was irish . There is a reason he comes out clean . - Yeah . You 're looking at it . - It 's a thankless job ... - but ? - Why is this time so different ? - He doesn 't know what those kids went through . Has no idea what it was like . Did you tell him ? Get him inside their heads . You know , once he 's there , You know he 's better at this than any of us . - This the last deck ? - Fifth and final . What 's down here ? - It 's a armory . Just small arms storage . You know , courier and ferrell aren 't assigned to this ship . They 'd have no access . - That 's why they tried to break in . But why ? Who would they want to shoot on the sturgeon ? - Maybe they weren 't planning to stay onboard . - Didn 't look in a mirror for a month after I got back . When I finally did , there I was , Alone , scared , hollowed . I imagine courier and ferrell are feeling the same . These boys went to war for nine months , Tempting fate or facing death every single day . Then they came back home , Nine years older and back into a world they no longer know . They killed last night , but they 're not killers . They 're just ... boys . Lost boys . I lost one just like this . A battle buddy from basic . We got ambushed outside fallujah , And I helped carry the casualties Back to the humvee . It must have fallen off then . I told my first sergeant it was gone . That 's all I had to say . The next day , we do a " leader 's recon " back to the site . Snipers , leds . On paper , not a wise decision , But to us , the only one . Did you find it ? - An hour into it , a mortar lands ten feet away . Lucky for us , it was a dud . My driver walks up to me , puts a piece of shrapnel In my hand , says , " here 's your bracelet , sir . Can we go home now ? " And we called it a day . - And courier left this at a whorehouse . Holly says that courier and ferrell tried To break into the sturgeon 's armory . - Yeah , I thought jenkins was hiding them out . - So did jenkins , but if they 're looking for guns , They 're not running . they 're looking for a fight . - 20-year-old marines know two things , Combat and the guy next to them . Right now , they 're chasing both . Yeah . Virgil and teddy are canvassing the block , Talking to the neighbors . do me a favor . Clear everyone out of here . Contain the outside . Crime scene , come with me . - His friend 's still out there . Courier and ferrell jump ship , Head back to chinatown looking for the bracelet . Somehow , this guy finds them . Tipped off . Marines crossed into D.F.L. turf And every delivery boy and drug dealer On hong 's payroll dials in . Courier searched in here . Ferrell got stabbed out there . These guys were tight . Why split up ? - They 're unarmed , behind enemy lines . Search faster , less risk to both . Bad guy sneaks in ... - Guys . Hong 's gunning for two marines , He sends two boo how doy after them . Why not send three ? - Well , if he did , courier would be lying next to ferrell . Ferrell . Ferrell got caught by surprise . Stabbed . Courier grabs what he could , Slashes downward across his shoulder , Thrusts into the body . Bayonet strikes he learned in basic . The first boo how doy was dead in a matter of seconds . - Second one sees the demonstration , Then runs for his life . Or for help . - Nothing . They 're telling me nothing . - Yeah , well , did you expect something different ? Half the neighborhood 's on the street , nobody sees this ? - That might have something to do with it . Nobody 's talking . - They haven 't talked to me . Reach out to the fifth . Find out what goes on in this place . Make sure they know that courier is in the neighborhood . Start cruising . All right . Oh . Big , bad marine came in here , busted up your house . Why here ? Why now ? I mean , he wasn 't window shopping . He wasn 't window shopping for D.F.L. soldiers . He followed you here . Aah ! Unh ! He didn 't follow you here . He chased you here from the whorehouse . Your partner killed his best friend . While the marine was beating your partner to death , You ran . So , why aren 't you dead ? - Because we gave him what he wanted . You gave him what he wanted ? Aah ! - You mean , you tried something stupid , Then he knee-capped you . - Unh ! - So , you gave him what he wanted . Let 's see this . Mm-hmm . You know , there was a time When criminals in new york Live up to the city 's sterling reputation . Now they 're just leaving money behind . You got a whole arsenal here . Did he take anything else ? You made a move . Hey ! unh ! Get down ! Aah ! Now he 's got a gun . - That wouldn 't have been enough . No . You told him who sent the boo how doy after him . But when he left , did you tell danny hong he was coming ? Ah , ah , aah ! It wasn 't ... He 's still in better shape than cooper . I mean , he deserved the beatdown of his life , And that 's what he got . They would have done the same thing for us . These men are under arrest For the murder of lance corporal keean ferrell . It 's over ! - Drop your weapon . Drop your weapon and come with us . Let me see your other hand . - Take your hand from behind your back , now ! Nobody move . - I wasn 't planning on leaving anyway . And I shred every single person now , yin this place . Ne inch , Okay , just calm down , seth . I got some of my own in here I need to look out for . I know you get that . Anyone with a badge can go . You 're right . You 're right . You blow these guys up , Then the planet earth 's Gonna be a little nicer place to live in . But I 'm not allowed to let you do that . So , we 're stuck here . And I don 't think you 're a cop killer . - I 'm not gonna be much of anything in about 30 seconds . And neither will you ... If you don 't leave . Our father , who art in heaven , Hallowed be thy name . - Seth . - Thy kingdom come ... Sergeant courier ! I 'm captain rollins , marine corps reserves . For real ? - 1st marine division , '04 to ' 06 . You took back fallujah . - Twice . - With all due respect , sir , I 'd prefer you weren 't along for the ride , But that doesn 't change the destination . Thy kingdom come , thy will be done , On earth as it is in heaven . - Andrea dole ... - Give us this ... She teach you that ? - How is she gonna feel if she looks In the paper tomorrow morning And she reads about a marine who cited the lord 's prayer Before he blew himself and ten other people up . How 's she gonna feel when she walks into church ... Okay . Just ... just take it easy . You 're not a marine . That 's right , you 're just some dumb-ass kid . Took your buddies to a whorehouse , And now jenkins is looking at a dishonorable discharge , And ferrell is looking at the inside of a coffin . - That 's why this had to happen . I owe them payback ! This is not payback . This is a suicide vest . What , do you think you 're gonna let that spoon fly To some sort of hero 's send-off ? You do this , And you disgrace your family , your unit , And that uniform you will never wear again . That 's right . At least shea went out with honor , In combat , against the enemy . You don 't get to take the coward 's way out , Kill innocent cops and compare yourself to him . Shea was a marine ! Now , sergeant ... Sergeant ! I want you to stand up , like any marine worth his salt , And do the right thing . Clear . On the ground ! I got him , I got him . I got him , I got him . - All right . Come on . Wait ! He 'll ride out with me . - You know , that kid 's hand slips another two inches , None of us know what hit us . - Well , now you know how the deer feels . What ? Another hot date ? never finished the first one . Ooh . okay . Did you forget something ? Speed dating ! really , speed dating ? - Okay , okay . Okay , get it out of your system , And make it good . - Oh , it 'll be good . - Well , I think it 's smart that You 're using a groupon , because it shows that these guys Really know the value of a dollar . - Mm , that 's true . Economical . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Oh , oh . - You have any idea what kinds of creeps are attracted To a woman with a gun on one hip and a badge on the other ? - He could . - And find out . - 10 guys in 20 minutes . - Okay . Do you know , I 'm staring at A double-header tonight , and yet , oh , I think you got me beat . Jackasses . Both : Oh ! - Come on . - Have fun ! - Bye ! Say hi to those 20 guys . No , no , no , no , no . - Uh-oh , what happened ? - Don 't do this to me . - Double-header hit a rain delay ? Hey ... You want to grab a drink ? - Ooh , you know what 's funny about that ? Boring old one-woman guy ? Only one going home to a warm bed tonight . No , I 'm good . - I had this kid in my company back in the corps . Garcia . Banger out of south central . Second-rate citizen , model soldier . End of each trip , he 'd tattoo the names of guys Who died on each finger . I served for 30 months , 2 weeks , and 3 days in combat . Lost ten men under my command . Remember every one of them . Staring at ferrell 's dead body , One thought kept running through my head . Garcia would be out of fingers . I know what it cost you , saying the things you did , Tearing down one of your own . But , they had to be said . It had to be done . - You know , I can 't ever imagine what it 's like For you to live in that chair , bob . But you have no idea what I left over there And what followed me home , And you never will .
