 - 10-30 on astoria - get and 14th street . Und . Pursuit of the robbery suspect . Keep an eye out . It 's gonna start raining money . - Don 't worry about the cash . Just stay on him . - Don 't worry about the cash ? Just stay on him . - Say it like I said or don 't say it at all . You know what , when I nod , just key your mic . - Damn , you 're fast . - Captain of the track team . When I catch you , I 'm tossing you over . Be careful up there . I don 't want to be scraping anybody off the ground . Freaking orangutan . - Don 't even think about it . - Get on the ground . Get down before you kill yourself . - Gun . Backpack . Go find ' em . 20 yards of roof left . Do something quick . - Captain of the football team . - The harpo bandit . 11 banks in seven days , And you guys caught the pinch . Keep it up and you 're gonna make me look good . Better you than me . I 'm a big fan of out of sight , out of mind . That 's exactly how the world sees you , bob ... Quiet , demure , like a little kitty cat . Where 's teddy ? I 'm right here . What are you two waiting for ? Get your scuba suits on and dive in . Let 's go . - Investment banker turned dumpster diver . Should we tip barron 's ? - Oh , this is great . God knows I didn 't deal with enough garbage On the trading floor . - Oh , show me on the doll where wall street hurt you , teddy . I found the backpack , And I 'm still looking for the gun . Found the gun . Found something else . â ™ a Just talked to midtown north . Looks like you picked up a new case . What about harpo ? - I 'll have groucho here drop him off at major crimes . - They get my collar , and I get an unsolved felony ? - You catch it , you clean it . - We don 't even know what we 're cleaning . - You chop up a body for two reasons ... Stop us from identifying your victim And to let the world know you 're an animal . He might have achieved both . So far we got no fingers to pull prints off of . - Start by looking for a white guy missing an arm . Start with the tattoo . - Union ? - Local 136 . Sandbadgers . - Benny schwartz . Hasn 't been to work in a week . I was hoping he was on a bender . - How can you be so sure it 's him ? - We dig every tunnel in the city . There 's only 100 of us . We 're family . - So you guys play with dynamite all day , And we find benny schwartz 's arm In a dumpster . Not sure that 's a coincidence . - Like we accidentally blew him up And threw pieces of him in the garbage ? I 'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt And assume you don 't understand What it 's like to be a sandbadger . - So you said he was on a bender . Does that happen a lot ? He just got out of rehab . You know how that goes . And he had a new piece on the side . Don 't think that helped matters . - Has this new piece have a name ? Don 't remember . But she had a hell of a face . - All right , so he wasn 't hiding it . Benny had a lot of qualities . I wouldn 't say smarts or discretion Were high on the list . I 'm gonna need you to send me A copy of that photo . Sure thing . - Thanks for your time . - Gentlemen . - I know what you 're gonna say . " I 'd never hurt benny . " But you already have . Two domestic violence charges , You hitting him . He missed our anniversary And came home two days later drunk . - So you cracked his skull with a five-iron . - Putter . - Second time , you pushed him Down the stairs . - I never pushed him . He was so drunk , he thought he was going out the front door And fell down the basement stairs . My father was a drunk . I never knew what dad I was gonna get when I came home . - So what 'd you do ? - I stopped coming home . Benny never came back after rehab , did he ? No . - ' cause he didn 't want to get pushed down the stairs . - Because he found some 34-year-old who didn 't care That he was covered in hair and hung like a doorbell . Her ? He never brought her home . What did she see in benny ? - Why did you push him down the stairs ? I guess I saw this coming . - She could have pushed him again , Broke his neck , and then hacked him up . The M.E. says it was a chainsaw . - Big chainsaw or small chainsaw ? - Eh , she loved him too much to cut him into pieces . - So we 're back to the side piece ? Yup . Oh , damn , that was amazing . Hey , you trying to kill me , woman ? - Mm-hmm . - Uh-huh . Whoo ! Hey , what 's the hurry ? Huh ? That was round 1 of a 12-round fight now . Time to go . Now or for good ? I 'm not sure . - Okay , am I missing something ? I thought we were still having fun here . Six months of fun . But I can 't find someone serious while I 'm doing this . I can try serious . - I don 't want you to be someone you 're not . - Six months with you , I don 't even know who I am anymore . And I damn sure want to find out . I think I heard that bell For round two . - Yeah , that 's right . Mm-mm . - At 1 : 00 A.M. ? - You 're kidding me . Everybody knows I 'm a cop In the neighborhood , So it could be something . Robert , it 's 1 : 00 A.M. Sit tight . - What the hell , zoe ? - I got trouble , bob . I got to get off the street . - That 's not how it works . You can 't just ... - I saw something . I 'm not safe . I got to get off the street . - All right . Come on , come on . Sit . Main order of business . - Locating benny 's thing on the side . - It 's not on the side if you 're split up . - How 's your marriage working out ? Oh , pretty good . Got a happy wife and kids . How 's that fridge full of haagen-dazs working out ? Oh . - So benny left the typhon treatment center , Checks into a transient hotel on 20th and 11th . - The bonner ? - I don 't want to know How you know that . The clerk recognized The girlfriend , said she 's been in and out , But she doesn 't live there . - All your clothes are thrift shop chic . On purpose if you 're On the upper west side . By circumstance if you 're in the village . What are you doing pulling nooners With a rummy sandbadger ? Hey , teddy , I 'm gonna need you ... - Bank accounts , pension info , and atm withdrawals Because I 'm teddy phipps , Police accountant . Only if you found something . - Maybe motive . Benny pulled 60,000 Out of his 401k last week . - Why are there garbage trucks lined up downstairs ? - I told sanitation to reroute any trucks From the area we found the arm . We 're gonna find the rest of benny . Well , teddy should go . He 's already an experienced dumpster diver . Good point . Go with him and learn . Yeah , come on . - Oh , if I wanted to deal with dirty diapers , I would have just stayed home . - Come on , this is awesome . What ? I 'm serious . This is why I left hedge funds . - Yeah ? - Yeah . To dig through the garbage ? - No , to stop crunching numbers all day . Man , I 've been on street sweeps , Wiretaps . I 've been on more than my share of capers . The sarge still has me behind a computer Most of the time . You think he 's punishing me For the undercover op ? - I think you 'd know if sarge was punishing you . You used to be on wall street . Not putting you on money trails is like asking Wonder woman not to use her lasso . - How about wolverine not using his claws ? Nah . - You guys hit the carcass lottery ? - Yes , but I decided to take it in payments Rather than a lump sum . - I feel like I 'm standing in gallagher 's meat locker . Please give me something better Than " we 're making calls And following leads " To take upstairs ? - Okay . You can tell them we have a related homicide . - What the hell are you talking about ? - Unless benny was white and black , I 'm pretty sure we have another victim . - We deshawn kimball , t hit male , black , 42 . Chief content officer at wikibubble , A tech startup in midtown . - Why is he in the system ? - Blew double the legal limit driving home From the office christmas party . And it wasn 't the first time . Last known address Is two years out of date . But his facebook page is littered With pictures of him partying at bevy house . - Sounds like the kind of richy-rich douche bag place You 'd hang out . Man , you got me , dude . I like to hang out with pretty people That speak in complete sentences . Have the D.A. subpoena his financials . See if he pulled his money like benny . - Hit him with your lasso , wonder woman . - Three duis and no jail time . - He must have had a damn good lawyer . Nobody 's that good . He beat the third by going to rehab . Typhon treatment center . - Hey , that 's the same place where benny went . - Let 's see if they bunked together . - Typhon ... that 's where the job sent gary . Yeah ? - You didn 't know where your partner went for rehab ? - I was in my own rehab at the time . Spinal cord injury and all . - Well , these places have confidentiality issues . Might be smart to bring someone who 's already been there To smooth over the bumps . - That 's a good idea . He 's in fleet services . Virgil , swing by And pick him up on the way out . - Me ? - Any reason not you ? Come on . - Yeah , I 'm definitely being punished . - â ™ a whoa , I shoulda hit it â ™ a â ™ a I shoulda hit it , I shoulda hit it â ™ a â ™ a one last time â ™ a I shoulda hit it , I shoulda hit it â ™ a - He 's a member . Can 't really talk about it . - He 's dead , so I 'll bet you can . - Not even surprised . Drugs , right ? He was chasing the lifestyle . Credit cards started getting declined , Checks started coming late . He goes from bottle service To bringing in his own beers . You could see the crash coming . Is tabitha involved ? yeah . Some chicks , right ? - Do you know where we can find her ? - No . Kept my distance . Yeah ? - Deshawn pitched me a drug deal . He wanted to buy six keys of coke , needed the cash . 150 % return , and you never had to touch any drugs . - But you didn 't bite ? - Wouldn 't be talking About it if I did . - Figured she was behind the deal ? - Everything about her vibed too good to be true . Tabitha 's the kind of girl that 's got one hand On your leg ... - The other on your wallet . - Yeah . He never saw it coming . - Talking about killing that greek guy , And then petey realizes I 'm in the room . And he didn 't say anything ? Yeah , which was worse . They 're gonna kill me , robert . I know they are . - Nothing 's gonna happen to you , zoe . We 'll find some place for you safe . - Yeah ? Where 's that gonna be ? Just let me stay here . Just for , like , a night or two . You know I feel safe here . Yeah , okay . Bob , you got a sec ? You are not gonna let her stay here . - What am I supposed to do ? Put her in a cell ? - Rule one : I don 't care what their history is , You don 't let criminals into your home . - She 's a witness . - That 's rule two . Rule three is you don 't let anyone who looks like zoe Stay with you if it 's gonna screw up the first solid woman I 've ever seen you with . Would you like some coffee ? - Sure . - I 'm gonna call the feds , Set up a meet on neutral ground , And then we 're gonna get zoe straight out of here . Yeah . - Hey , gary , you got any squares ? - Hey , sorry , I quit three months ago . - Nice to see you , mr . Stanton . - You too , ms . Costello . What 's up , gary ? - Could we wrap up the stroll down douche bag memory lane And try to find these files ? What do you say ? - That 's what we 're doing . Trey ! - Hey , gary . Hey , everything okay ? - Yeah . Listen , man , I 'm a little light , but I 'm working on it . - A little light ? Do me a favor . - Really ? You take this opportunity To shake down some poor bastard Who used to clean the puke off your sheets ? That 's classy . - That poor bastard Runs a dice game after lights out , I hit him on a hard eight for three bills . You got a problem with me , Why don 't you spit out the particulars ? - Nah , you know what , it 's not you . It 's just guys like you Who climb into a bottle , Let everybody down . And then when you come out you 're smiling And grinning like everything was just a joke . Guys like your old man . Great damn cop . If it 's any consolation , You 're nothing like him . You want to swing on me ? You want to roll around the floor 'cause you disapprove of me ? - Maybe after work . Meantime , I got a job to do , And it has nothing to do with screwing around , Trying to collect gambling debts . yeah , me too . we 're good ? - All good . Get out of here . Tell your boss That these cost me $ 300 , So I want dinner at the palm . Her name 's tabitha gates . She 's the counselor for benny and deshawn At typhon . - Fired for sleeping with her clients ? Now we know why gary Went there . - Did he cross paths with this tabitha ? - No , he says no , but 100 patients , 40 counselors , The place is a conveyor belt of boozers . - Two of you end up fighting in the parking lot ? - Sending me there with him , Is that supposed to be some kind Of cautionary tale or something ? Depends on what you learned . You see a home address ? - Yeah . East village somewhere . - Not just somewhere . Let 's go . â ™ a I just gotta be â ™ a I notice your facility Isn 't wheelchair-accessible . Any reason for that ? Probably ' cause we don 't care . - So you want me to arrest you now or should I wait Till you 're a full-fledged member ? - I 'm not afraid of no cop in a wheelchair . in retrospect Maybe you should have been . - Back up . Nypd . Back up . Against the wall right now . Both : Police ! Hands in the air ! - Hello , ladies . Does this belong to any of you ? I guess not . - Nypd . Back up . Back up . We 're looking for tabitha gates . - What 's going on ? - Tabitha gates . You got a warrant ? I like how you said that With a straight face . Yo , virgil , pick someone else up and throw him at the man . - You got it . Come here , buddy . â ™ a it always made me flow You guys fighting about me ? - It wouldn 't be the first time , now would it ? Get back in there . We got some people Don 't know where they are . It 's about to get bloody . It 's okay , baby . You know I 've got it under control . - â ™ a she said don 't play with guns â ™ a â ™ a don 't play with guns So what brought your country ass moto the big city ? . - Same things as other people . - You figured , if every man wants to get in those panties , It was better in the penthouse than the back of a pickup truck . - I still don 't know what I 'm doing here . - Benny schwartz and deshawn kimball . Now you do know . Just a couple of drunks looking for help , And a sexy little thing like you comes along , And you hit on ' em when they 're vulnerable . it 's funny the way you put that . Vulnerable . It 's like I 'm some kind of predator . - That 's ' cause that 's what you are , isn 't it ? You sell a man a dream of the two of you , Then you steer him into a drug deal . A drug deal ? Is that what this is about ? It 's easy enough Getting a blue collar knucklehead Like benny to fall for you . After , though , 60 grand Probably didn 't seem worth it . Deshawn eas easier to hit , Had more money . - A lot of guys spend money on women . Two of your three boyfriends Got chopped into little pieces . Oddly enough , the only one who isn 't Is a psychopathic biker capable Of chopping people into little pieces . Was this ricky trying to get rid of evidence ? Or was he worried you might have been enjoying yourself ? - Interesting moment to give her a break . - Sometimes you got to fill the room with noise . Sometimes you have to fill it with silence . - And sometimes you just don 't want to be in the room at all . - You have a more specific insight you want to share With me , detective ? - Only that the one thing she spent her life being good at Is working men . You think she 's working me ? You think that 's an act ? - I think if you 're on your game You keep going until you find out . - So go . Find out . - Is there a story here I haven 't heard before ? Hot girl , messed-up family . Maybe some things happened as a kid . Maybe they didn 't . You use sex like a morphine drip , And somewhere along the line You realize men Pay for morphine . - You think I don 't know you too ? Hair and shirt pulled back tight . Give the boys at the office a preview , But never the full show , right ? - Not sure what you 're afraid to look at . You knew this is how they were going to end up , right ? - This wasn 't me . - No , you just delivered them . You used sex and loneliness against them Like anesthesia , and then ricky went to work With the scalpel . Well , chainsaw . - You don 't get to pick your feelings . Sometimes ... a lot of times they 're the wrong ones . - You 're talking about benny and deshawn ? Or are we talking about you ? - The fact that you 've got to ask Means you wouldn 't get it . - Sure . I get it . There are women who trade from millionaires To billionaires , and then there are women Who trade from bad to worse . You think the scarier the guy , the safer you are . I don 't waste a lot of time With being scared anymore . - I have no idea what you 're doing , but it sure looks smart . - I told you this was gonna happen . - They put me in auto theft for two months . If I ran one more vin number , I was gonna shoot somebody , But I didn 't get it like you get this . Let me show you something . What do you see here ? - Okay , benny and deshawn were buying and selling some stocks . - Yeah , but how were benny and deshawn Buying and selling some stocks ? - Um , with money ? - Look at patterns . They were buying high and selling low . This is the exact opposite Of what you 're supposed to be doing . - All right , then they were idiots . No , they were panicked . They were day-trading their entire 401ks And taking a bath . - Making them prime targets to be hustled . Exactly . So three weeks ago Benny pulls out 60,000 . Deshawn , 120,000 . Now ricky tybor 's cousin Owns a motorcycle parts shop In north bergen . And I ran their comps to L.Y. - Oh , no , no , no . - No , compared their receipts To last year 's , and guess how much they outperformed by ? - 180,000 . Let 's go show sarge . - Can you tell him that you found it ? Come on , this will keep me Behind the computer for another month . It 's a classic grift . Find guys who are in trouble , offer ' em a quick way out . - A too-good-to-be-true drug deal . - Then when the check clears , she sends in the scary boyfriend To chase them away . Only this ricky tybor goes too far . - Or maybe she was there putting gas in the chainsaw . I don 't think so . Based on what ? - The situation , my read off her , And what do I base anything on ? Seldom anything I can take to the D.A. So you want to offer her a deal ? She won 't take it . She 's in too deep with this guy . Too confident she can handle him . I think she 's gonna walk out on me . And ? - And I need to hold her for a while , Let her marinate . Only you got nothing on her . No reason to hold her , not even a bad one . If she walks out of here , Tybor 's gonna kill her . - Well , did you play that card yet ? - No . - Why not ? She got you spun out ? - Hey , hey . - Shake it off , get in there , And lean on her . If she doesn 't take the offer , that 's on her . She made her bed , now she sleeps in it . It 's this simple . You need ricky tybor out of your life , And a deal with me is your best shot to make that happen . - What ? Reduced jail time ? Get out and wait for the shepherds to come after me ? Or you cut me loose , you give me a new name And a job in minnesota . - Don 't tell me your game plan is to walk back Into the very clubhouse I just walked you out of And convince ricky that you didn 't cooperate here . - That is the only plan you 've left me with . - Ricky is not benny or deshawn . Even if he was capable of loving you , Capable of loving anything , he 's still the president Of the new york chapter of satan 's shepherds . You know too much . - You 're right about one thing . The longer I 'm here , The harder it 's gonna be to handle him . - That 's the same thing every lion tamer says The last time they get inside the cage Before they see the claws and teeth . But if you walk out that door , Then I-I can 't protect you . - It 's sweet that you thought you could In the first place . - Yeah , okay , just hold a beat . Fbi 's down the block . I 'm gonna take a walk , make sure we 're okay . All right . - You think I 'd be used to getting passed around . - Uh , it 's not like that . - What 's it like ? Gary and I are narcotics . This isn 't even our case . We 're putting you in good hands . - I don 't remember you giving away murder collars before . This have to do with your latest ? Hey , she ... Let 's not talk about that . - Think it was ever about me helping you fight crime ? Or the money ? - We closed that chapter , zoe . All right ? You made me feel safe . It 's just always ever been about what made me feel safe . I gotta go wash up . - Uh-uh . You walk out the back , I can 't help you anymore . I was lying . I didn 't see anything , I didn 't hear anything . Just looking for an excuse to see you . Guess in the cold light of day that all sounds Pretty stupid , huh ? - All right , zoe . We 're set . She ready ? You let her go ? Police , get down . â ™ a â ™ a yeah - Get down on the ground right now ! Get your ass down right now . Put your hands on the desk . Put your hands on the desk . Show me the warrant . Where 's tabitha gates ? - I haven 't seen her since yesterday . - Since she rode away on the back of your bike ? We stopped for papaya dogs On 8th street , and she bolted . Maybe you gave her the wrong idea about me . - You better hope she 's halfway through a bowl of gumbo Down in louisiana right now , Because your life is tied to hers . Zoe , it 's bobby . Stop playing games and call me back . This is my fifth message now . I don 't care who you 're with Or what you 're doing , But just let me know you 're okay . If you can 't call me , text me , something . Get back at me . I can help you . Through force and intimidation , You have convinced people you are powerful , But I 'm gonna impart a lesson to you , a lesson About real power . Anybody with a warrant will be found and put in jail . Now I 'm gonna go through your cell phones And randomly arrest your contacts . You can thank your boy ricky here that each and every one Of you are on my radar , and there 's only one way To make your problems disappear . Give up ricky for the double murder And turn over tabitha gates . - Shoulders on the wall , please . Shoulder on the wall . Thank you . Come on . - So we 're going with the direct approach . You can 't slow-play tybor . This kind of pressure , maybe I keep more bodies from dropping . Like tabitha gates ? Pull over to the curb . Get off your bike . - Sobriety checkpoint . Let 's go . Off the bikes . - I said get off your bike . - Get off the bike . Let 's go . I need you to blow into this . - I was about to tell you the same thing . - That 's one . - I told you To get off the bike , didn 't I ? I haven 't had a drop all day . The lugs on your forks Are worn down from being taken on And off so much , So what are you smuggling ? - Yo . That 's my bike . You kidding me ? - Run it over . - You need a search warrant to look inside my bike . - Damn , you know , he 's right . Hey , teddy , why don 't you go To the greek and get me a pepper and egg sandwich ? - Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . What the hell are you doing ? - Oh , my bad . I thought it was in drive . Oh . - Yeah . - Is that yours ? Stolen vin numbers . Such a large felony for such small pieces of metal . Hands on your head . Been two days off parole For a nickel bid up at attica . Too bad for you , huh ? Yeah , two burglary charges As a juvenile , three assaults , grand larceny . Pretty decent little record there , milton . Bagger . - Yeah , I would have changed it too . Where 's ricky hiding tabitha ? - Shepherds ain 't beneath making house calls , Badge or no badge . You sure are a bad ass , huh ? The proof is right there . - I don 't know who or what you 're showing me . That 's what ... sit down . That 's what a drug deal Gone wrong looks like . Shepherds don 't touch drugs . - I got money for a drug deal turning up At a bike parts store in north bergen . Same store you were delivering those stolen vins too . Shepherds don 't touch drugs . It 's the national mandate . Ricky didn 't get the memo . He 's striking out on his own , And that 's gonna start a war , Taking down the whole chapter including you . - He said he wanted to break off on his own . I thought he was talking to hear himself talk . I 'm guilty . I stole the bike , The parts . Hell , I 'll cop to shooting kennedy . Just get me off the street . - A biker wanting to get arrested ? That 's a new one . 'cause there 's a war brewing . Going outside club policy , Branching into drugs . - Tybor 's building a war chest ? Yeah , I 'll let him know . Teddy just called . We got another body . - Victim died from blunt force trauma to the head , Legs , and heart . Tabitha . No evidence , no street cameras , has no nothing . Zed . You knew she was dead already When she left the wheelhouse , didn 't you ? - The minute she walked out the door . You got a big opportunity in front of you . A ride in your chair ? A chance to turn yourself in For tabitha 's murder . - Oh , she was a firecracker in the sack . Double-jointed . I 'm gonna miss her . - You want to thrown in deshawn kimball And bernard schwartz , I 'm not gonna stop you . - You 've been harassing me around the clock . Crime scene in and out of the clubhouse . Every inch of my life picked over . Fact that I 'm here not in cuffs says it all . You 're done . You lost this one . - But in here , inside this building , Inside the criminal justice system Is the last place you 're ever gonna feel safe again . You walk out that door , It 's out of my hands . Streets can be rough . Don 't blame the shark For eating the tuna . In her memory , though , When I ride back to the clubhouse , I 'm gonna bang some broad , Get drunk , pass out . When I wake up tomorrow , I 'm gonna do it all over again . Then I guess we 're done here . Drive me to the airport . Where are you going ? None of your business . - Really ? - If it ever goes to court , You have no knowledge of my whereabouts . John covich . National president doesn 't see Every bum that comes rolling up on his gate . Tell him the detective That 's been shaking down His new york chapter Is sitting out front . Then you tell him you turned me away Without finding out why I 'm here . - So you 're my new york problem , huh ? What , come out to cali looking for a handout ? - Ricky tybor is your new york problem . - If you had anything on him , you wouldn 't have flown All the way out here . no , you 're right . I came up empty . Tybor roped these two men into a drug deal , Collected the cash , and then chopped them into little pieces . - Now you know the problem with that story . Yeah , it seems shepherds Are paragons of virtue Who don 't handle drugs , And maybe that 's true . Maybe there weren 't any drugs , But all I got left Is to get the D.E.A. interested in a rico case , Which means wiretaps , Which means a half a dozen federal agencies Hearing you talk about whatever you 're into That we don 't even suspect yet . - You 've gotta leave before you hurt yourself . No police department 's gonna miss any crippled cop . You 're right . I don 't even know why I 'm still here . Drugs or not , I gotta wonder if ricky tybor kicked up Any of that 180,000 he made off his vics . And , if not , I gotta wonder , What is he planning on doing with all that money ? I 'm not about plants . They die . Not if you water them . - Tell you what ... - What ? Why don 't you water them ? Be there to water them . - Mm , when the man turns on a dime , he turns on a dime . If I move in , the couch goes . What 's wrong with my couch ? Oh , these will look nice In the living room . Yeah . - More body parts dropped . - Whose ? - We don 't know yet . Tybor strikes again . Or it could be one we missed the first time . Garbage truck driver called it in . - Man or woman ? - Don 't know . Haven 't opened the right bag yet . Hey . Calling you out for how you dealt With tabitha ... I was out of place . - If you were wrong , she 'd still be alive . Sarge . Oh . Ricky tybor . Who do you think did this ? - Could have been any number of people . - So out on the street three years When I roll up on a domestic . First on the scene , I walk in and find The wife knocked unconscious and the guy buck naked . He had been up freebasing for days . Backup arrives , and we finally cuff him . Took six of us . We 're dragging him out when I look over And I see a diaper on the floor . So I ask him where the kid is , But he won 't answer . So I search the house and finally find the baby , Ten months old , Just a little girl stuffed in a drawer . She had a bow clipped in her hair , a yellow daisy . And I sat at my desk all night long With a gun in my hand trying to figure out Why I shouldn 't go to the holding cell and kill him . And why did you figure ? Because that 's not my job , And it 's not who I am . In your heart I thought you were the same way . That 's why I always cover for you . 'cause I believed you were on the side of the angels . - Well , then god bless the angel That killed tybor . - Whoever he was , he wasn 't a cop , Not on that day . - You can 't have it both ways . You can 't say tabitha made her own bed , Now she 's got to sleep in it , And then get mad when that same justice Falls on the guy that killed her . - You know what , I said my piece . And I 'm gonna sleep like an angel tonight . How about you ?
