 Building 's gonna be Bellamy university 's new jewish student center . Joint terrorism task force Called for a full department rollout . - Bet they were hoping you 'd leave me at home . Is the bomb live ? - Experts say yes . - Why not just hit it with a water cannon ? - Placement 's bad ... only partially visible . No guarantee of a direct hit . Jonas has to go at it manually . That 's our hero . Dog got away , ran up under the car . Guy bent down to drag him out and saw the cell phone wired up . He dialed 911 . Good news keeps coming . Jonas says the trigger under the jeep is booby-trapped . Fail safe is wired into the engine . He 's gonna pop the hood , try to find it . - Jeep 's owner , derek valencia ... he 's got priors for robbery , Drug possession , and burglary . - Why 'd you tow me ? I was parked legal on the grand concourse . - With a bomb ? - what ? Nobody got a reason to blow me up . When 'd you park it ? - Thursday morning . - Thursday ? - Okay , look , I 've been with a woman . I can 't say more without injuring innocent parties . Chivalry prevents me from saying anything more . Sarah lockwood , 432 east 148th street , 646-555-0127 . Don 't call after 5 : 00 , 'cause her husband finds out , I 'm evicted . - Hand him over to the jttf guys . Hand me off ? For the heart wanting what it wants ? - Any way he could have driven down from the bronx With the bomb ? - Not a chance . Okay . - Let 's see what you got for me here , huh ? Okay , okay . Now ... What the ... All right . Good for me . We do have a device . Repeat ... we do have a device . - Hate crimes task force likes this For a pattern they 've been investigating . First , there 's graffiti on a synagogue wall , Then there was a rock tied up in a flag Thrown through a window at the jewish museum . And number three was arson At the anti-defamation league office . - Pro-palestinian sentiments , jewish targets ... Scope of crimes escalate , the numbers go down . Let 's look for a flag . - I found the secondary initiation device . Got the lead wire isolated . Moving in to disconnect now . - There 's no flag on the outside of the jewish student center . It 's a calling card . They 'll want it in one piece after the building went down . Okay . Right there ... Parapet . See if aviation has a visual . Once we 've defused , Joint terrorism task force is taking point . - Selected crimes is just here to offer support , as requested . - Disconnecting the second wire now . We spotted a flag . It could match the hate crimes ' pattern . Waiting on an image from a better viewpoint . oh . Ah . - If two is a bomb , what the hell is one gonna be ? - We 'll do a high-profile target alert ... Israeli consulates , american jewish congress offices , Half a dozen other possibles . It feels too linear . Graffiti to broken window to fire to bomb . The incidents are getting bigger . But the targets aren 't . The bomber 's profile is more avenger than slayer . He 's making a statement and getting angrier , But not angry enough to kill for his cause . We got a small problem here . What do you have ? - I got two lead wires wrapped around each other , One frayed . I think I can get ' em . - Negative , jonas . Step away from the vehicle . Just give me one minute . - Jonas , clear that vehicle now ! â ™ a - Anybody hear if jonas had a family yet ? - He was married , no kids . Is no kids better or worse ? - We have teams deployed at the likely remaining targets . Meantime , we 're rolling out on our terror watch hot list . - Terrorists don 't start throwing rocks through windows . - We 're dealing with an organized enemy Who 's ramping up the violence . He or they want headlines . That 's how we catch them . - Bomber wasn 't expecting to kill a cop today . He won 't want headlines , just a hole to hide in . But you go ahead , you look for your organized enemy . I 'll look for the cop killer . - Any reason you picked this moment to stir the pot ? You see a spoon in my hand ? - That 's not what you 're stirring with . so where do we start ? - Jewish student center building is part of the university . Start with people who knew that . - This is the university 's official list Of problem children , And this is my list . Chronic run-ins with security , suspected drug abuse , Bad expulsions still living in the city . You got your own list ? - Back in the 2-7 , I did the same thing . Kept track of the neighborhood humps , Knew where to look when something went wrong . Once a cop , right ? - Let 's cut the substance abusers . No one with a routine jones Has steady enough hands to build that bomb . - I 'll drop the discons and domestics too . Keep the disorderlies . Our guy might be a chest-thumper . I 'll take those 17 to start . Did you say burke ? Your dad michael burke worked for the 5-5 squad ? - Yeah , his last couple years on the job . I see the resemblance . We crossed paths before I made lieutenant . He might not remember , but say " hey , " from stu white . Your dad was a cop 's cop . - Yeah , sure thing . - These tags in the jewish student center ? - " bully " in arabic . They 've got this ongoing feud With the alliance of muslim students . We used to chase kids out of there constantly Before we got the boot . " got the boot " ? J.S.C. Switched from campus To private security a few weeks back . You get what you pay for . - I bet they 're rethinking that decision right about now . Give me the breakdown Of all campus burglaries the last six months . Our bomber might have been inside that building before . - Got another one at the student health center . May ... couple of desktop computers taken . What ? - You got something on your face . - I do ? What , food ? No , like ... like some prepubescent hair hiding out On a grown man 's chin . Here , let me get it . my wife likes it . You want to call her and tell her you don 't ? - No , but holly does . - No . No , I do not . How long was your pops on the job ? 30 years . Came on in ' 77 . He 'd still be wearing a badge if he could . - You should bring him around sometime . First drink 's on me just to hear his war stories . - Just the first one ? - Mm-hmm . Yeah , sure , I 'll ask him . - So , uh , yeah , thanks for talking to me . - So you guys shake hands every time he hands you a report ? - Well , he passed his piss test , got his gun back . Guess he 's working through the program now . We just had " make amends " coffee . How was it when you guys talked ? We haven 't . - Lab says the bomb was an I.E.D. Fueled with ammonium nitrate . You can download the " how to " online . - Jttf locate the terrorist conspiracy yet ? No , but you knew that . - So what am I doing talking to you ? - Best deep relaxation massage in town . Office hours are like me , flexible . - Mm . - Just got to cut loose , right ? - Mm-hmm . - Have some fun . You have no idea . Hmm ? - Can 't wait to have some fun . - All right . That makes three of us . Ooh ! My man . ha . Next one 's on me . No , no , no , no , no . It 's late . I got to drive out to hartford in the morning ... Witness re-interview . - Hey , give me two . - Waste of my energy , breaking in newbies . I already had you trained . trained for what ? Cleaning food wrappers out of cars ? come on , one for the road . Mm . Hey , girl . - The burglaries that match your criteria ... Finessed entry , electronic or chemical items stolen . - Pull up white 's list . - Right . - So student health center , medical research library . - And stacy hall , one of the dorms . - Stacy hall . So these three . Okay . - All right , list is up . - Take out pinches for grand larceny . Our guy likes low-risk targets . Keep all majors tied to the med library . Keep employees or interns from student health . Ah , bingo . Now , who 's he ? - Scott dolan , chemistry major , works in the health center lab , Writes for the bellamy press . - Okay . Check for assault charges , Probably tied to protests , burglary arrests . - Looks like he punched a kid at a " free palestine " rally , Couple of burglary charges tied to suspected vandalism , But none of these collars went the distance . Residence is stacy hall at bellamy . Scott 's not here . He 's at work . - At the lab ? yeah . Is everything chill ? - Chill ? - I mean , you guys are cops . So what 'd he do ? Not that I think scott did anything . Scott 's , uh ... - Cool . - Yeah , he 's at the lab . So can I go ? Okay . Got to love The post-wake-and-bake witness interview . - Dolan 's not here . Roommate says he 's a work . - Everyone just keep doing what you 're doing . - You know , if you got somewhere else to be , We got this handled . - Wouldn 't want to drag security along either if it was me . School policy . Got to escort nypd anytime you 're on campus property . - Scott dolan ? - Over here . He was running hematocrit tests . Maybe he finished . - Well , he 's not done for the day . - Coffee break ? Grabbing a smoke ? I don 't know . Where is he ? Come on , guys . Hey , at yale , we partied in the boiler room In the comm lecture hall . You guys go where ? No takers ? All right , first one to answer Doesn 't get their drunk instagram photos Sent to mom and dad ... Well , at least not by me . So how secure is this place ? - We keep the shelter locked , do periodic door checks . I got higher priorities than an empty room . Maybe not so empty ? Still intact , no pick marks . Same as the jewish student center locks . He 's got another bomb ! - We 're the police , all right ? Put the phone down . - What is this ? - Put the phone down right now . - You can 't type that keypad faster than we can shoot . Go , go . Go . - Up against the chair , right now . Hands behind your back . We got him . We caught the bomber . Let 's take a walk . - Student health center lab tech . Chemistry major . - Muslim . That was next , right ? - Spent the last two summers In saudi arabia studying at king saud university . That was next . - When I converted , They told me that just being muslim was a crime to some . - Threw down your martyr card a little early , didn 't you ? - How do you not see how unfair this kind of profiling is ? You 're a black man in a wheelchair . Half of this department looks at you , and they see Affirmative action at work . The rest , see half a cop . - Is that supposed to get me on your side or get you smacked ? You blew up that building thinking it was empty . That dead cop , that was bad luck . " life without parole " bad luck . - Somebody put those things in my locker . Jake texted me ... - your roommate ? - Yes , jake . Jake patterson . He ... he texted me and told me that security was coming To bust our hangout , so I went down to get my stuff . - By " stuff , " meaning the bombs ? - Those weren 't mine ! The only thing that I had in there were pamphlets To hand out explaining That muslims are bound to overcome hatred , Not perpetuate it . I am just trying to spread the truth Like those radicals Patrick henry or martin luther king . - Hey , do not compare yourself to dr . King ... Not after that . Gary ? - Hey , bob . Hey . Uh ... I was wondering , uh ... You got a copy of the notes from the bruhaus case ? What ? - I got court next week . I can 't find mine . Can you help me out ? - Okay . - Yeah ? Okay . - That 's all ? - Yeah , yeah , what else ? Yeah , that 's on me , penny . I told him I 'd buzz you , and I passed out myself . Yes . No , he 's ... he 's fine . He already left for work . Well , phone must be dead . - Okay . All right . You forgot to call her last night . - Man , I 'm so sorry , and I know I keep saying that ... - That 's fine . Drink up . Come on , we got to be in court in 30 minutes . It 's not fine , man . Look , you shouldn 't have to make excuses to my wife 'cause I 'm just too damn drunk to talk to her . Bob , I 've been thinking about ... Bob ? - Hmm ? - I think I got a problem , man . - You hit it hard last night . It happens . All right , penny will forgive you , After one or two nights on the couch . I 'm rolling out in five minutes . Let 's roll . - My phone got stolen two days ago . - Yeah ? From where ? - Uh , not really sure . Just kind of having one of those weeks , you know ? Yeah , the subtle aromas Of skunk weed and binaca do tell a story . - Are you guys friends or just roommates ? - We 're friends . Why ? Jock and the muslim radical ... Kind of the odd couple , you know ? - Dude , is that how they rolled back in , what , ' 04 ? All tribal ? - Okay , that wasn 't that long ago . - Did you guys even have facebook back then ? - We had myspace , and we liked it . You and scott ? - Yeah , we were on the tennis team together until he quit . Felt guilty taking time from everything that pisses him off . - Did you notice anything else change about him ? - Look , dude , you 're putting me in a bad position . A cop died . You don 't even want to imagine The bad positions we can put you in . - Scott took the lab job so he wouldn 't have to take money From his parents anymore . They 're not so hot on the whole muslim thing , you know ? But he 's had a lot of cash lately . I thought maybe he was dealing drugs . You thought ? Like , maybe you bought some from him ? - No , you guys got the wrong idea about me . okay , but , no , I didn 't . Scott came home with a bag of prepaid cell phones . Dealers use those , right ? To do business ? - Not just dealers . - Found a receipt for four prepaid burner phones . We tossed the dorm room , but didn 't find anything . We 're gonna go back to the fallout shelter , See if we missed something . - Call the bomb squad out there for insurance . Where 's the other bomb ? - What are you talking about ? - You bought four phones . Two in your locker . The third blew the car At the jewish student center . Now , one body on you is enough . Let us get to this other bomb . Nothing I say even matters . I won 't be the first follower Of allah to be martyred for his belief . - Joint terrorism task force is driving across The brooklyn bridge as we speak . You 're about to become a headline . Now , maybe someone made you plant these bombs . Maybe someone you met in saudi arabia threatened you , Threatened your family , but I 'm about the only person interested In listening right now . - That 's exactly What you 'd say if you had put those things in my locker . Sergeant , the qur 'an asks , " do the people think that they will be left to say , 'we believe , ' and they will not be tried ? " I 'm a pawn in your game ... A traitor , the convenient terrorist . You can lie to the world about me . That 's fine . But you can 't lie to me , 'cause I know the truth . Over here ! - The bomb 's at scott 's workstation . Good work hunting it down . No , it was white . Came up empty at the shelter . His idea to search the lab . - Good thing ... the health center 's open , Full of patients . Lot of potential casualties . - Certain disaster was avoided here today . We 're getting a picture now . The bomb 's a dud . - Fuse is blown , circuit 's incomplete . No booby traps . Device is inactive . How 'd you know ? - Kid 's not the bomber . He is . They schedule jonas 's funeral ? I 'd like to be there . - There 'd be a lot more funerals If you hadn 't sent us back to that lab . It was a good hunch . Well , you know how it is . Spend enough time locking horns with the same perp , You start to see how they think . - You were ahead of us the whole time , weren 't you ? Helped shave down a suspect list , Pointed me at the break-ins . - I had some insight , but it was a team effort . - Yeah , hell of a bonus , though ... The bomber being a kid who won 't shut up About campus security crossing lines , Racial profiling . Student newspaper ... I read his articles . - Classic chip-on-the-shoulder crybaby . Is that your read ? Because me ... I read him as smart , Too smart to leave a trail back to himself , To his major , to his job , Too smart to set a bomb that was never gonna go off . That 's really nice . Maybe he wanted to get caught . It 's a pathology with these types . - So I hear you 're up for a promotion . Nice . And I figure the press you get from this Would help seal that deal , huh ? - Is that what 's under your skin , sergeant , huh ? Who gets credit for what ? - No , no , no . It 's all on you . The problem-child list , You know , finding the locker , digging up that last bomb . - I didn 't help you find the locker . My bad . - So what 's this conversation about , sergeant ? - You know , that 's the second time you called me sergeant . Were you one of those lieutenants Who threw around rank when he couldn 't earn respect ? Jonas 's unit is planning his funeral . You call them for details . A terrorist gets caught , he goes one of two ways ... " I 'm a hero , " or " they made me do it . " I gave the kid both ways to go , And he keeps saying he 's innocent . - Criminals never say they 're innocent . Buy me more time . Tell jttf that we 're not ready to turn him over . - Tell them you don 't think the radical muslim Bombed the jewish center , the decorated ex-cop did . - The minute we hand over scott dolan , he 's the headlines . His name is never separated from the bomb , and white wins . I 'm climbing inside his head . Just let me play it out . - All right , let me see what I can do . - My six-year-old keeps his room cleaner than this . What ? I use those for coasters when people come over . - When 's the last time you had people over ? Hey , you remember a cop named stuart white ? - Tough son of a bitch to forget . - He said you were a hell of a cop . - Maybe that 's the only thing that zero ever got right . - Wonder why he 'd bring you up if you had nothing good to say . - You don 't tell a guy like white that you know he 's wrong . You let him think he 's one up on you . This way , the whole time , you 're up on him . - Wrong ? You mean , like , he was dirty ? - I don 't know about dirty , but he always had an angle ... Pad his O.T. With shaky collars , Find a way to jump the line on good details . You looking at him for something ? We could use someone willing To loosen their jaw where he 's concerned , yeah . - Try , uh , carlos young , captain in the 9-9 . There was bad blood between the two of those guys . - Thanks , dad . Appreciate that . - You know the rule . - The badge is who you are , Not something you put on or take off . - I knew you were mine no matter what your mother said . all right . You haven 't seen the kids for a while , huh ? Why don 't you come upstate this weekend ? - Yeah , sounds good . Maybe not this week . - Well , I could bring everybody down . Go to the zoo , make a big day of it . - All right , let 's get it on the calendar . - What else you got on that calendar ? I got a lot . - Go have some coffee at the deli ? Email your old partners what a moron Ray kelly is 'cause he wasn 't a detective , Then take a nap ? I get all the highlights in there ? - You sound like your mother . She was always on me . You stopped coming home , dad . - I gave her what she wanted ... Yard for you , eat-in kitchen for her . I had a different life to live . - That life ended eight years ago , dad . How about trying to find a new one ? I 'll call you when I got some time , all right ? - Captain to captain ? - Just on background . Doesn 't leave these four walls . White was a sergeant . Woman comes in , says he roughed up her daughter Busting an underage party . I 'm a new lieutenant . Maybe I 'm hiding behind the patrol guide a little . Maybe it 's sixth sense . I took the complaint . Then nothing . No call from ccrb . No follow-up . - Any idea what he did to make it go away ? - Complainant lives in the precinct . I see her on the street . I follow up a little . She 's scared . Kid 's scared . How 'd he come back at you ? - How do you know he came back at me ? You 're painting that picture . Some mope I 've never seen Files a complaint against me for excessive force . He 's got my badge number , car number , Matches the exact time and place when I was alone Running an errand in the 9-5 . White pulled the log books . Crossed all his " t " s , dotted all his " I " s . Suspension , modified . I lost my hearing . Get busted back down to sergeant . White gets promoted next test , transfers back to my house , Gives me the worst six months in my career . You think that son of a bitch Planted a bomb to frame somebody ? You think he wouldn 't ? - Where 's the music in this place ? Man , you couldn 't walk welch hall without hearing Jimmy eat world , the strokes , or ryan adams . What , do you even listen to music ? Of course I listen to music . - Anything other than the theme to rocky ? Jake patterson ? Looking for jake ? - Yeah . He been around ? Not since yesterday . Said he had a family emergency . Wasn 't sure when he 'd be back . Family emergency . Well , that 's code for , " hey , I lied to the cops And set up my best friend . " - Let 's hope his credit card 's left a trail . The last charge on jake patterson 's account Was a ticket to Philly at 11 : 00 A.M. - Round trip ? - One-way , nonrefundable . Gonna be out that 17 bucks . - 12 ... he got the web-only fare . Patterson , stop ! Out of the way ! - Stop ! Stop ! Give me your hands . Why 'd you run , jake ? Huh ? Huh ? - Let me guess . Grandma doesn 't have any insurance , And she needs her medicine . - Drugs are the least of your worries here .. - I 'll call my lawyer and let him tell me what to worry about . - That 's option one . While you 're doing that , I 'll reach out to your old man . It 's a funny little " small world " story . I have a cousin who plays squash with him at the union club . Enough time and money and the right lawyer , Yeah , you 'll stay out of jail . But that corner office you had your eye on In your uncle 's firm , got the waterfront views And the long-legged assistant And the expense account lunches at nobu ... That 's your brother 's now . - Oh , would that be chip or biff ? Bye-bye , trust fund ! So long , tee times in the hamptons . - Hello , " have you ever committed a felony " box On your retail-job applications . - If I cooperate , you guys can protect me , right ? - Can 't protect you if we don 't know who from . Seems to me you 're at a bit of a crossroads moment here , jake . Be the guy who finally did right by his best friend , Bought himself another chance along the way , Or be the scumbag who wrecked his life Being scared of the wrong person ? - Stuart white 's got security video of me Buying prescriptions off of other students . He said if I didn 't send that text to scott , Tell you guys the story about the phones , That he would ruin my life . I knew he meant it . I don 't believe it . This is another trick , another tactic . Yeah , that 's right , scott . I spent the last 48 hours trying to gaslight you Instead of looking for the real bomber , Because you 're that important . It doesn 't make sense . Jake is my friend , my best friend . - Well , you 're not the judge of character you think you are . Scott , jttf is coming . You understand that ? They take you , we 're done talking . Why would he do it ? Why would white build a bomb ? I mean , I wrote those articles , but nobody cared . I wasn 't a threat to him . - No . No , you weren 't . What about the jewish student center ? - Well , they weren 't even his problem anymore . The jsc hired their own security . The alliance of muslim students Was thinking of doing the same thing . You get what you pay for . Jsc 's V.P. says white 's been a thorn in their side for years , Throwing his weight around , Making ' em jump through hoops for extra patrols . The move off campus was their chance To finally pull the plug on him . - Bellamy political union says three more groups Have filed a notice of intent to hire private security . Jewish student center was a floodgate . - Less demand for your services , harder to justify your budget . - White wants to rock jsc , scare everyone back into the fold . Goes down his enemies list . Scott dolan is the perfect fall guy . - I 've been going over white 's financials , And he 's been declaring all of his bellamy income , But he 's also been buying Property upstate for the last four years And not carrying any loans . - There 's no way he 's buying real estate with his own cash . - My dad said white used to pad his overtime Back when he was on the job . - Now he 's a boss , he gets other people to pad their timesheets And makes them split it with him and moves it into real estate . I see a lot of theories . None of them put him in jail or get scott dolan out . - Ed ? - I 'm sorry , bob . The conversation was way above my pay grade . I just found out myself . Sergeant , I-I ... - Hang tough , kid . Just tell them the truth ... All right ? You 'll be okay . So , so close . That whole " he 's got another bomb " bit In the fallout shelter ... It could have been over right there . My guys cap scott , high fives all around . - I don 't know what road you 're going down , But you already lost me . - Forget about me trying to prove you set the bomb . Nobody 's gonna believe a loudmouth muslim convert And his druggie roommate . hell , they don 't believe me . - Well , then I guess if I had done something , Then , yeah , I 'd be walking away clean . No , no , no . I said you were close . See , your problem is I know what you did , And you and me ... we 're a lot alike . If we can 't win fair , we fight dirty . See , that there , that 's a love note to the I.R.S ... Details about your tax record , undeclared incomes , Real estate that you shouldn 't have been able to pay for . So , just in case uncle sam drops the ball , We got david ritter flying in from gainesville as we speak . David ritter ? - 15 when you put him in the hospital . He 's refiling his abuse-of-force case against you . Now , ask me why ? No ? Okay , I 'll tell you anyway . I told him where you were hiding your assets , You know , for the civil-rights lawsuit . You think I don 't know you ? Jailbird daddy , Team of misfit cops , drunk partner . I know who you are . I don 't go down to you . - I 'm gonna go through every collar you ever made . Every civilian complaint And I.A.B. Investigation you got squashed , I 'm gonna open it back up again . At the very least , your pension is in jeopardy . Your bellamy promotion is dead . Every time you try to go get a job , Your reputation is gonna beat you there . When I get done with you , you 're gonna wish I 'd hung The cop killing on you , Because it would have stopped there . - You know , there 's obsession , then there 's harassment . I 'm a big believer in both . The kid is innocent . - It won 't matter , not to jttf . - So what , then , this is just payback ? Italian street justice ? - This is the last of white 's arrest files . They go all the way back to ' 78 . I got the departmental mail while I was at it . Start with drug arrests . Check the vouchers against the reports . If he was a gram off , Maybe we can make a case he was skimming . - " public morals unit " ? This must be for holly . - Where the hell has that envelope been ? They changed that unit to vice almost 15 years ago . Phipps ! Don 't move . This is captain rollins . I need E.S.U. and a bomb squad at selected crimes now . Hey , let me give you some advice , okay ? Your boss is gonna take a fall for messing with me . You do not want to get caught in the middle of this . Hey , where 's my miranda , huh ? Huh ? What are the charges ? You 're supposed to say something ! What kind of ... - Cuff him to the chair , then you and dellea get out of here . - Sarge ? - Now . - It 's all right . I won 't hold it against you . - Trucks outside , evacuated building , This little dog-and-pony show ... What , I 'm supposed to think this is a bomb or something ? This is on me . I pushed you to make a mistake , But I read you all wrong . Ambition , anger ... I understand these things . I use ' em . But sending me a bomb ? This is reckless , crazy . Are you crazy ... Flat-out unhinged ? - I don 't buy any of this . What , you 're expecting me to freak out , confess to something ? - I don 't know what the hell you 're gonna do . Yeah , well , keep talking . It 's kind of funny , really , watching you flail . - We 're clear for booby traps now . I 'm going in . - Which wire ? - Come again ? This mope , this cop killer , Has got jonas 's blood on his hands . Your unit has suffered enough . I 'm not going anywhere . Come on . - The black wire . - Okay . - Then the red wire in the bundle . All right . I really want to know ... I want to know what you were thinking When you sent this bomb . It might be the last mystery I solve . I don 't believe this . I don 't believe they 'd let you do this . No one believed They 'd let me carry a badge and a gun again , either . What are they gonna do ... hold my last paycheck ? Say bad things about me at my funeral ? I 'm two years past the day I was supposed to die . Some days I make peace with that . Others , like today ... I thank you for the chance to go out like this . And then you want to try to kill one of my men . The last thing I 'm gonna do is avenge him , right here ... Right now . - You think I 'm gonna flinch , you pious bastard ? You think you can bluff me ? Your kind ... you turn around the right corner , A murder collar falls right at your feet . Suddenly you 're a superstar . I took the tests . I stood where I was supposed to . I was the cop anyone was . Not as lucky , but just as good ... better ! Your kind drove me off the job , but I made good . I made good ! You hear me ? I proved you wrong , and I 'll prove you wrong right now ! Okay , then . No ! You 're right . It was a ridiculous bluff . Kind of surprised you bought it . I thought I really sold it . Did you see how I made myself sweat ? - Yeah , yeah , but you got sloppy rushing to get rid of me . After we defused the bomb , The first piece of shrapnel we found in this envelope of yours Came back as a match to you . - Nothing I said was admissible . So what was this ... some sort of sick , elaborate joke ? No . I was just fascinated with the mind That would send me a bomb . - I know , baby . Tell the boys I 'm sorry , okay ? This one was too big for me to make it home . You know how that is . Thanks . - Hey , go , come on . I type faster than you , anyway . - You know what , sweetheart ? Never mind . Give me 45 minutes , but put the coffee on , okay ? We 'll have a cup in peace before the boys wake up . Then it 's blueberry pancakes for breakfast . Yeah , see you soon . Blueberry pancakes , huh ? - It 's how my dad liked ' em too . What are you doing here ? - They give you details or just let you go ? Just let me go . - They never like to admit that they 're wrong . We got white on another bomb . Couldn 't get him for the jewish student center explosion Or the hate crimes yet , but the good news is , We know you weren 't the bomber . - Why are you in uniform ? I thought you were a detective . I 'm going to a funeral . - That something only cops go to or ... - St. Patrick 's , 11 : 00 . The jonas family could use all the prayers they can get . What happened ? - Found him passed out in the car . Lucky he didn 't do more damage . Kind of pissed to roll on a D.U.I. And find a detective behind the wheel . - You 're pissed ? This is my car . Gary , what the hell , man ? - Bobby , I 'm sorry . I had to drop nate off last minute , and I only had a bike , And I borrowed your ride . I was ... - You drove your son like this ? - It 's all right . It 's just a car . - God . - Just glad you 're in one piece . - Look , the neighbors called 911 . They see him walk , it 's my ass . - Okay , you don 't want to be the rookie that busted another cop . Call in a 10-53 , single car accident , no injuries . I 'll handle the rest . Go . Yes , sir . - Come on , let 's go . - Oh , thank god . ooh . Oh , what are you ... what are you doing ? - I 'm putting on a show for the rubberneckers . Come on , come on . - Just sit in the unit till I get a tow . Take ' em off , we get around the corner . - Too many damn funerals these last few years . What 's this ? - It 's the notes on the bruhaus case . - Yeah , I figured you saw through that . - Wasn 't quite sure what I was looking at , though . The amends thing , Owning all the wrong you 've done ... oh , hell . - A lot of things we both never said . - You know , the words I need ... they don 't come easy . My wife , my family , ed ... I found a way with them . You and me ... It 's the biggest conversation of my life . I 'm not there yet . - Well , you 're not the only one that needs to make amends . Oh , ups and downs . I couldn 't have asked for a better partner . There were times you could have asked for a better friend . If I 'm being honest ... I 'm not ready for that conversation either .
