 Subtitles by Renatinha Tankinha . * * Some words used in this movie have been written as they are said , as they are fictitious words * * * - As the eternal cycle of day and night continued , morning light unveiled the ravages of time self-inflicted calamity . A world that was nothing more than a baring indecent of rock floating in space . Then came the thundering engines of the scout ship bringing the first echoing sounds in over a million of years , to this arid landscape . For the celestial explorers , this was just another place to chart . Catalogue and investigate , like the thousands that had come before it . They hoped to find something . Evidence of life , perhaps . An ancient fossil signified that life had existed here , long ago . Then , the faint signal emanating form their device posed a question : Was this the product of an unknown intelligence ? They followed the signal , which grew stronger , their scans indicating that just ahead was an object of massive proportions . Kneeling over the source of the signal , they carefully brushed back the sand and discovered a hatch . But to what ? Once the handle was carefully turned , the hatch opened . Musty light led into the dark abyss exposing hundreds of metallic pods lining the chamber walls . Their fellow travelers were beckoned . And today , a wonderment of the parts contain the remnants of a long lost civilization . Affirming that this third planet from its sun was once abundant with life . With the impending end of their world their parts have been engineered in the hope that they would one day be discovered . In the living embryonic lifeforms induced with state of suspended animation would somehow be reborn into a new world . For the inhabitants of this new world once known as earth , it would be a new beginning . Anew age for mankind . Humanity would live , once again . - Evidences are roaming that there 's a coverup , and that there are aliens visiting and so forth . I ... I think we do need to recognize a new era has begun for mankind . - I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet . And the UFO phenomenon is real , although it 's been covered up by governments for quite a long time . The United States government knew a whole lot more about UFOs than it was telling the American public . There 's an intelligence involved that there was a highly evolved technology that to a degree we were carrying a dialogue with this intelligence . - ' Cause I read NATO military material that indicated that the UFOs were not only real , they represented something far beyond anything I had ever imagined before . - Could I get ... $ 60 on pump four , please ? - Sure . - Thanks . I understand over the years ... some peculiar things have been happening around these parts . Cattle mutilations , strange lights in the sky , things of that sort . - No , I don 't know anything about that . - Really ? Okay . Set to go ? - Yes , sir . - Son of a bitch . Yes .. - May I ask why you chose me ? I 've known who you are for some time now , you seem like an honest man . - I 'm all about the truth . And if what you 're about to tell me is the truth , am I to understand we 're all in a very grave danger ? - Yes . In five days , human existence as you know it , will forever change . - Why don 't we start with your name ? - Jaelen . - Jaelen ? So , Jaelen , who are you ? You 're speaking of the Phoenix Lights incident ? Are you trying to tell me you were aboard that craft ? - Yes . - And where may I ask are you from , Jaelen ? - A star system in the constellation Zanaté . I 'm Andromaden . We were six . Our task was to monitor human conditions and to determine the degree of infiltration . - Infiltration by whom ? - Alpha Draconians . - Draconians ? - Andromadens are one of 139 planetary systems that comprise the interstellar alliance . We are and have always been the watchdogs of the universe for nearly two million years . And we have been at war with the Draconians for nearly 100 , 000 of those years . They are a malevolent species whose prime directive is to conquer and destroy . Entire star systems have been wiped out by their aggression . - And now we 've become a target ? - You 've always been a target . Three million of your population are comprised of these beings . They are the one percent that control corporations , government , media ... Years ago , the nation 's leader struck a deal with the Draconians . In exchange for global control , virtual enslavement of your people , a selected few would be granted amnesty from the coming onslaught . They would be allowed to live out their existence underground , many have already begun to do so . - And this onslaught , is this what 's gonna happen in five days ? - Two days ago , a Draconian warship reached the outer rim of your solar system . Their army is coming here to establish complete dominion . It has always been our intent to shield you from this threat . But we are entrenched in war and we haven 't the means to bring the fleet here to protect you . It is to be your darkest age . As I promised . It 's documents , photos , videos and maps of every secret military underground base on the planet . And plus complete data base of all occupants of those bases . - And you believe that this is enough to convince the public ? - Regardless . In five days , they will all believe . - And you mention there wasn 't an excuse for it ? - Jaelen ! - Please stop it . Stop it ! - I don 't know any of it . Just please ... - Where is he ? Where ? - I 'm special agent John Walker here on government business . May I borrow a pen and a piece of paper ? - Sure . - Thank you . The gentleman in room 15 is under my protective custody . There are people looking for him . If anyone should come inquiring , I 'd appreciate if you 'd give me a call . It 's a mater of national security , you see ? - Okay . - Thank you . Are you feeling better ? You gonna tell me what happened ? - Not now . - Okay . - What time is it ? - It 's ... uh ... half past three . - We need to go . - Where ? - We 're meeting someone . - Who ? - A friend . - You mentioned that there were six of you . Where are the others ? - Gone . - As in left or died ? - Died . - Well , I 'm very sorry . - We were hunted down one by one . All that they died for is this . It 's a Purean . It contains a collective data of human progression as well as Draconian war plans . Information that could be very helpful in our cause in overcoming them . - And how are you gonna get that to your people ? - A rescue ship arrives tomorrow . - Tomorrow ? - At sun fall . - So you 're going home ? - No . I 'm not . Turn left up here . Your camera . - Your friend , is he ... - From here ? No . She 's Arctorian . - I don 't think I 've ever met an Arctorian before . Is she part of this interstellar alliance ? - They are . - Are they here to help us ? - Very much so . - Good . That 's good . - They 're here . - My God . - This is Robert . - The one you spoke ? - Yes . - I am Tonjura . I am pleased to meet you . - It 's an honor to meet you . - We would like to extend our deepest regret . We cannot help you in this matter . We are not a violent species . And not equipped for war . I 'm sorry , Robert . - The Arktorians have always been here . Silently monitoring human progress , along with several other races . But now they 're all returning home . - You mean evacuating ? So now we really are alone . - Yes . Thousands of years of accumulated human data ends here . - You could have gone back with them . Why didn 't you ? Or at least given them the Purian . - They 've fulfilled their duties to the council . This is not one of them . And as I stated before , I 'm not leaving . - Is this John ? John Walker ? - Yes , yes , this is John Walker . - It 's Denise from the motel . You told me to call if anyone came inquiring . Well , there are government agents inside this room as we speak . Well , you didn 't tell them anything , did you ? - No . I didn 't . But these guys have real badges . - Denise , I owe you big . There 's government agents in your room right now . Somehow they knew we were there . Any idea how ? - Yes . - Alright , We 're gonna have to ditch this car and hitch a ride into Albuquerque , - What 's in Albuquerque ? - A friend . Whatever it is you 're not telling me , Jaelen , I need to know . We 're running out of time . - I was compelled by her . I began experiencing feelings I never had before . As if I were meant to find her . I felt myself avoiding better judgment that this was wrong . A forbidden code of conduct in my task here . I allowed it to happen , I wanted it to happen . Andromedans enforce a very structured mating ritual . A choice for companion is never our own and never random . We 're conditioned this way from birth . Therefore there is never the opportunity for ... - Falling in love ? - Yes . - But did she know the truth about you ? - I didn 't have the time . But I couldn 't stay in one place for to long , so the day approached when I had to tell her . I haven 't been entirely honest with you . - What do you mean ? - There are people looking for me . - Who 's looking for you ? Do you need any help ? - I 'm not from here . I 'm not from Los Angeles , and I 'm not from the United States . I 'm not from earth . The people looking for me are getting close . They also are not from earth . - What do you ... What do you mean you 're not from earth ? I don 't ... - Listen , I care about you deeply . - Then why are you telling me ? - To protect you . - Uh ... your ... association with me , I fear I 'm putting you in danger as well . - Danger ? How can you ... how can you expect me to believe this ? Please , just ... make me understand . - Alyssa ... there are things ... there are worlds outside of this one you have no idea of . And I am from one of these worlds . I knew I would never see her again . I was devastated . But we are more connected than I even imagined . She could hear my thoughts . She could feel my pain in losing her . - You were ... telepathically linked ? - Yes . Without my intention . It just happened . Soon , we found each other again , and we left together , heading west . - Then what happened ? - My worst fear . They found us . I managed to get away unharmed , but she was not so fortunate . - So you 're saying that she 's ... - Dead ? No . But they took her . - Do you know where she is ? - She 's a prisoner underground at the Base of Dulce . And they have been torturing her . - So the telepathic link between the two of you is how they tracked you ? - Yes . - Look ... uh ... I have no idea what you must be going through right now . You never told me her name . - Her name is Alyssa . And she carries my child . - I 've been an associate of Chayton 's since the early 90 's . He 's devoted his life to researching anomalous phenomenon has established a strong following in the UFO arena . He was one of the first to get hold of the secret flying disk file of the FBI and sensitive documents from the CIA , air force , army and other government agencies . The price he 's paid for being the truth to the public are death threats , imprisonment and getting shot at . He is a good man , and I trust him as I would a brother . - Thanks a lot , Derek . I appreciate it . Can you give us a moment ? You don 't know how good it is to see you , my friend Chayton . - Likewise . You look good . - I 'm a lot better than I feel . Uh ... this is the gentleman I was telling you about . Jaelen . - Welcome . - I 'm gonna show him the footage . - Why don 't we start with your name ? - Jaelen . - Jaelen ? So , Jaelen , who are you ? - Our task was to monitor human conditions . And to determine the degree of infiltration . - Infiltration by whom ? - Alpha Draconians . - Draconians ? Jaelen ! Jaelen , what 's happened ? Jaelen ... - They took it , Robert . They took our baby . - Alright we gotta ... we gotta go . - I 'll take you to my house . - That 'd be perfect . - It 's safer . - Our army is coming here to establish complete dominion . It has always been our intent to shield you from this threat . But we are entrenched in war and we haven 't the means to bring the fleet here to protect you . It is to be your darkest age . - Man , look at that . Look at that . Look at that . That 's amazing . - Open that one . - Wow . - Open that one . That 's amazing . Wow . - We 're gonna set the world on fire with this . - And I think soon . - There , I got it . - Dude , we got a helicopter . Right behind there . See ? - Oh shit , we gotta go . - Wow ! The mother lode . - I think you 're right . No , wait , wait , wait . Go back . Jaelen . Is this her ? - It is . - Who is she ? - A young woman Jaelen had the good taste to fall in love with . - You do have a good taste , my friend . - She 's being held at the Dulce Base . I 'm quite sure her friends and family would be interested to know that . - How soon would you be able to upload ? - Right now . - Where are the files going into ? - To an old compadre of mine . - They 'll upload to sixty [ indistinct ] globally . The initial launch should reach about 6 million people . What 's ETA ? - Just under four hours . - By morning the flood gates will be open . 35.39 degrees north . And 106 .54 degrees west . - Southwest corner of the Haines Canyon Reservoir . - Remember . Sun fall . You 'll give them the Purean . And Robert , you can go with them . - Like you , Jaelen , there are people that I can 't leave behind . Not with what 's coming . - Where will you go ? - Into the wolf 's den . To be near the woman he loves . The Dulce base . - Are you sure you 're not human ? How will you get there ? I will take you . Jaelen ? - I 'm fine . - Are you sure ? [ SPEAKS NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] Robert . [ SPEAKS NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] Jaelen . [ SPEAKS NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] Alyssa . [ CONTINUES SPEAKING NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] [ CONTINUES SPEAKING NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] [ CONTINUES SPEAKING NATIVE AMERICAN TONGUE ] - Despite the circumstances , I 'm happy to have known you , Robert . - The feeling 's mutual . - I hope that we 've made a difference , you and I. - We have . Jaelen , I 'd like to wish you good luck , but ... - Luck won 't help me . A miracle , perhaps . - Where will you go ? - Chicago . I 've got a niece there that I 'm quite fond of and a brother who hasn 't spoken to me in twenty years . He doesn 't believe in all this UFO crap . - I see an exoneration in your near future , my friend . - Human eyesight has been deceived for thousands of years . - How so ? - The moon is an artificial construct . it is a base where Alpha Draconians and other races have been manipulating human perception by means of a projected signal . In your way of understanding , they 've hacked into the human consciousness . They programmed exactly what they want you to see . - Corroborating the stories that NASA adopted photos of bases on the moon 's dark side . - The role of NASA in this deceit is greater than you imagine . - Stop right there . - You know it 's coming . You know we 're gonna lose . It 's inevitable . What do you think you 're gonna do ? What do you think you can do ? I 'm a human being just like you . - No , you 're not . - Are you there ? - Yes . - He ... took our baby . - I know . I 'm so sorry . - Where are you ? - I 'm coming to you . - Aren 't you going home ? - No . - But they 'll ... kill you . Please ... stay away . - I can 't . - If I don 't hear from you again , I love you . What will life be like there ? - Harmonious . Tranquil . Our planet is a single continent . Two suns ... no seasons . It 's a constant temperature . - Are there any oceans ? - There is one . Our water 's of a different consistency , different color , it contains all the nutrients that we require . There is no need for food . Though we 're at war , we will live in a safe zone . Our child will be shielded from the dangers coming near . Time is different there . your lifespan will be three times what it is here on Earth . - Really ? - We 're free of all diseases and all the illnesses . - It 's starting to sound like paradise . - With you there , it will be . - Get out of the vehicle now ! Cross your legs , put your hands on your head . Cross your legs ! - Chayton ! Chayton ! Robert ... Robert , can you hear me ? Robert , are you there ? - Jaelen . - I 'm speaking to you with my thoughts . - Where are you ? - They have me in captivity . And Robert ... they killed Chayton . There was nothing I could do . I 'm inside the base . I 'm where I need to be . - Yeah . Yeah , it 's me . Now , listen to me very carefully . In about 40 minutes you 'll have the files to upload . Text me when it 's done , but do not , I repeat , do not do anything until you hear from me . If you don 't hear from me by this time tomorrow , launch . Is that clear ? Yeah . - I 'll keep this brief , Jaelen . Knowing the impossibility of rescuing your companion , I can only imagine that you came here in the hopes to see her . To be with her . This was a misjudgment . We will not grant this union . As for yourself , like your five companions before you , you will be dissected and studied by our scientists , in hopes that we might better understand your telepathic abilities . You may be aware that one of our duties here is to see to the ... appetites of our hosts . Your companion will be euthanized , and parts of her extracted , for the delicacies . As for the son you 've fathered , he 'll be taken to Capella , where in manhood he will serve as a Draconian agent . He and ten will father hybrids who will also serve in this capacity . So you see , you will be serving a significant contribution to the Draconian cause . And for this we are grateful . - The Dulce Base is located beneath the Archuleta Mesa It 's size is 4.6 miles in diameter . The base has seven levels . The last two of which are designated for lab experimentation . These tests are carried out by humans and Draconians . It 's the sixth level where Alyssa is being held . One of the secret entrances is on the Mesa itself . The location was delivered to us by one of our allies contained on the disk drive I gave you . - Can 't you just get her to walk in the back door ? - Unless they find me first . - What makes you think they won 't kill you ? - It 's a chance I 'm willing to take . - She must be a very special woman . - Yes . I 'm here , Alyssa . Where are you ? Why don 't you answer me ? - Welcome , Mr. Casey . - Check him . - And who , may I ask , are you ? - Marek Thai is Trea . - Let me guess : Draconians ? - We are . - Well , then I 'm certainly not pleased to meet you . - It 's clean where I found this . - Whatever your reason is for coming here , understand we have no intention nor interest in keeping you alive . - So I 'm dead either way , right ? - Correct . No one will be spared . - Why ? - The Earth 's position in the solar system provides us with a strategic and tactile advantage . - Robert , the human role in the universe is inconsequential . - That may be so , but we have a right to exist . - Only if we allow it . - And we don 't . - Well , before you start waving your victory flag , might I suggest examining the contents of the drive you hold in your hand ? I think you 'll find it very consequential . - Alright . Take him . And Robert , Jaelen had something we very much want . It 's a Grey stone that contains crystals . - What ? You mean the Parean ? - Yes . You wouldn 't know where it is , would you ? - Sure. it 's right here . - Alright , 300 self-retraining tractor , please . - Preparing Euthanization . - It 's time , Jaelen . - Good . So ... - So , it would seem that your drive contains sensitive information that some of you find distressing . However , all it can serve is to tell people what they 'll find out anyway in four days . - I mean , yes ... but you 're forgetting one thing . The locations of all your hidden bases and their secret entrances . What do you think ? I just waltzed in here ? I want you to think of tens of thousands of me storming your underground castles with automatic weapons . You 'll have one hell of a shit storm to contend with . And don 't think for one moment it won 't happen . Vengeance and survival at all costs are two very profound impulses we humans have . - I see . So am I then , to understand that this information has not yet been released ? - No , it hasn 't . But if I don 't make a phone call , it will go viral to a few million people . By sun down , your phones will be ringing off the hook and in a few days , you 'll be running from a shower of bullets . Now , I also have the power to keep it from going out at all . And then you cowards can hide down here in your underground fortress without any worries . - And why should we trust you ? - Because I 'm not so eager to hand out doomsday news to the world . These last few days of life are all we have left . Why spoil it ? - Indeed . Alright . What are you terms in exchange for this ? An arrangement 's been made . - No ... When I know they 're safe . - Yes . It 's done . - You 're safe now . We are grateful . - Yeah , it 's me . Launch . - You have betrayed your promise to me ! - On behalf of the 7.1 billion humans on this planet earth that you have condemned , Fuck you ! - The day that was mankind 's darkest came and the invasion began . At first , the take over was not so easy . The resistance from humans was formidable , but in time , futile . Most of the underground bases were stormed , many died , Within weeks , the genocide had begun . By the time our fleet returned months later , nearly one half of all humans had been exterminated . In a battle that raged for many days , our fleet managed to rescue nearly three million humans . It was our only return to earth . By now , it is certain that the remaining human population is long gone . The ones rescued represent all that is left of mankind . The Arcturus constellation is a planet very much like Earth and non-inhabited . Known as Boötes , it is here where humans have already begun their renaissance . Free of war , instability , and oppression . the rebirth has been prosperous . As the Science Officer of the Andromedan Council , I often frequent with Alyssa at my side to monitor human development . And I am often reminded of the final passage of one of Robert 's short stories . For the inhabitants of this planet once known as earth , it would be a new beginning , a new age for mankind . Humanity would live ... once again . The end
