 Ugh . This cannot be good . six : Be ready ! On my signal ... van kleiss : Hello , rex . * so make way to start the Revolution * * make way * * we 're gonna have fun tonight * * make way to start the Revolution * * so make way * * so make way to start the Revolution * * make way to start the Revolution * * so make way * rex : Van kleiss . Ugh ! six : Take him down ! six : Can it wait ? And that 's an order ? Stand down , now ! Rex ! We 're ordered to stand down . Van kleiss isn 't to be touched . rex : Oh , I won 't lay a finger On him . Ugh ! six : Rex , that 's enough . rex : Are you kidding me ? united nations . Van kleiss of abysus ? Next time , you might want to Give us a heads-up before Entering our airspace . van kleiss : Of course . I 'd hate for anyone to jump to The wrong conclusion . rex : Okay , someone want to Give me the news flash ? six : Apparently , they have Diplomatic immunity . van kleiss : As leader of Abysus , a member nation to the United nations , I ... And my Ambassadors are afforded certain Courtesies , correct ? who is this guy ? rex : Introducing van kleiss , Just your everyday murdering , Psycho evo . van kleiss : Unlike Providence , we 're not here to Promote violence . rex : Oh , yeah , right . rex : Circe ? van kleiss : I 'm here to Propose a peaceful solution to These trying times . rex : Are we actually buying This - van kleiss , a diplomat ? white knight : Unfortunately , We don 't have a choice . He 's within his rights to be Here . dr . Holiday : Based on Everything we know about him , I Didn 't even think it was Possible for him to leave abysus Without its nanite-infused soil . rex : Good . Should make it Easier for me to finish him off . He 's on my turf now . white knight : Until he pulls Something , you can 't touch him . rex : So we 're just gonna sit Here and do laundry till he Leaves ? white knight : Six and holiday Are going to a party at the Abysus consulate . If van kleiss wants to flaunt His immunity , then we 'll take Advantage of it . rex : This is addressed to Me ! white knight : We need Precision , not a blunt Instrument . I 'll reference this morning as a Prime example . bobo : You 're takin ' it better Than I thought . rex : And I figured you knew Me better than that . Bellesa ... So that 's what you look like Under the lab coat . dr . Holiday : What happened to Six ? rex : Uh , something came up . Shall we ? * I met a guy who was looking For a lucky break * * I met a guy ... * rex : Â ¿ quÃ © pasa , jefe ? We 're on the list . * it 's just another day * both : dr . Holiday : There couldn 't Possibly be enough evo activity Here to account for these Nanite readings . They 're off the scale ! Looking for van kleiss ? rex : Circe . I thought I saw her in the Blimp . dr . Holiday : That 's the girl You met in cabo luna . rex : She may be with the Pack now , but I still think I Can get her to talk to me . You know , I can be pretty Convincing . bobo : Trapped in your room ? You 're losin ' your edge , pal . six : And if I find out you Had any part in it ... bobo : Uh , so , how you wanna do this ? six : By the book . Seven-alpha . bobo : Bad monkey protocol it Is . Hey , ugly ! Show me those claws are real , You tar-brained lump ! van kleiss : Rex . So glad you could come . Would you do me the honor of Introducing your guest ? rex : Dr. Holiday . There . Now let 's take this outside . dr . Holiday : Rex . van kleiss : It 's quite all right . The determination of youth ... I 'm sure circe will be Disappointed she couldn 't see You , rex . She 's attending to other duties This evening . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... rex : Why are you really here ? van kleiss : The people of Abysus have a great deal to Offer the world . I 'm here in part to make that Known . rex : Or maybe you couldn 't Get me to come to you , so now You 're coming to me . van kleiss : I 'll admit you Are important to me , rex , but It 's not always about you . dr . Holiday : Rex . Be careful . rex : No need to be jealous , Doc . I 'll be fine . six : What took you so long ? bobo : Crab cakes . six : Where is rex ? dr . Holiday : Relax . He spotted circe . six : Good . Maybe he can get her to talk . You look ... Nice . rex : Circe ? Interesting look . Want to tell me what 's going on ? circe : Not today . rex : Ugh ! Unh ! van kleiss : Ladies and Gentlemen , I thank you for Attending , but I must now bring This reception to a close . I 'll see you all tomorrow at the Assembly when I make my speech To the world . Good night . dr . Holiday : I don 't see rex . bobo : I 'll find him . bobo : Heh , just , uh , lookin For the little chimps ' room . rex : Where ... Where are we ? bobo : In one of the luxury Suites at the abysus hotel . rex : Don 't get used to the view . Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! six : As far as we know , rex And bobo are still inside the Consulate . I can put together an extraction Team . white knight : Not without an International incident . If rex is in trouble , he 'll have To get himself out of it . For now , he 's our only chance to Figure out what van kleiss is up To . dr . Holiday : Whatever it is , Those incredibly high nanite Readings have to be part of it . white knight : But what and When ? Sweep the u.N. Building again . In a few hours , we won 't be able To go near the place . rex : Reinforced steel , no Edges , no seams . bobo : Must have had you in Mind when they built it . rex : If it 's a prison cell , Then they got to be watching us . Peekaboo . bobo : Let 's scram before the Warden gets here . rex : Not a chance . Still have some digging to do . Circe had this all over her Clothes . I 'll pry it open . Huh ? bobo : Funny how that works . rex : I think we missed the Lobby . bobo : You wanted dirt - now You got a lifetime supply . rex : This isn 't just plain Old dirt ... It 's nanite-infused soil , from Abysus ! How did all of this get here ? bobo : How did that get here ? rex : Aah ! IvÃ ¡ monos ! Only thing grosser than a juicy Worm ... Aah ! ... A smooshed one . bobo : Taste some pain , Wormfreak ! Okay , new problem - Which way to the elevator ? rex : Oh , what a delightful Path you discovered , bobo . bobo : Must be along the East river . rex : Listen . So that 's how he 's doing it . He 's pulling the dirt in through Breach . circe : Wait ! I 'll deal with this . six : No sign of trouble from Van kleiss ... Yet . And still no word from rex . biowulf : Rex escaped . van kleiss : Even he can 't get In my way now . Ladies and gentlemen , for too Long , abysus has been an outcast On the world stage . That ends today . rex : Well , thanks for nearly Bashing my brains in back there . And what 's with the Knocking-me-out thing ? circe : We just needed to keep You out of the way until all of This was over . rex : This ? He could destroy The whole city ! circe : He 's trying to Negotiate peace from a position Of strength . rex : Oh , yeah , all this Nanite power is just screaming Peace . circe : His methods may be Aggressive , but he 's here to Save us ... And you . Come on , rex . Jump in with us . The water 's fine . rex : I 'll think about it ... After I 've stopped van kleiss . circe : It 's too late for that Now , rex . van kleiss : The dawn of the New age of evo power begins Today , through me ! van kleiss : And when I 'm Finished , you will have no Choice but to submit . six : It 's a hostage Situation . We can 't get inside . come on . Come on , this way . let 's go this way . van kleiss : You can 't escape . Well , you certainly know how to Make an entrance , rex . rex : I 'm not letting you hurt Anyone , van kleiss . van kleiss : I don 't intend To ... As long as they do Everything I ask . To start , I 'll require all Nations to submit to my Authority . rex : I 'm guessing this blows His diplomatic immunity ? Cool beard . Whoa ! Ugh ! van kleiss : Right under your Noses , my lifeblood was being Spread beneath your feet , enough To crush a dozen rexes . rex : You 're gonna have to Finish off this one first . van kleiss : Oh ! bobo : Hey , what do you say ? aah ! van kleiss : You 've made Things very difficult for me , Rex . Delaying this will only result In more suffering . rex : Mine or yours ? van kleiss : We will not be Ignored . Circe understands this . Why don 't you respect her Judgment ? rex : You think you can lure Me in with her . van kleiss : Like a fish to Water . rex : Ugh ! Water . van kleiss : I have to admit , Rex , you have me a bit stumped On this one . Taking out your frustrations on A wall ? rex : It 's not the wall . It 's what 's on the other side . van kleiss : No ! rex : Ugh ! I think the east river can Handle a little more trash . van kleiss : I value you Greatly , rex , but now you 're Getting in my way , and I can 't Let that happen . * some people Don 't understand * * yeah , yeah , yeah * rex : Aha ! van kleiss : Ugh ! rex : Hunh ! I won . van kleiss : It seems you Have . Your parents would have been so Proud . I 've never had the chance to Tell you about them , have I ? * some people * van kleiss : Perhaps another Time . * don 't understand * rex : Huh ? * some people Don 't understand * * yeah , yeah , yeah * * you don 't bring me down * * yeah , yeah , yeah * rex : I almost had him . six : He would have had us . Smart thinking with the river . rex : At least now the world Knows what a psycho he is . Next time he even thinks about Coming back , no immunity . bobo : You got some new Orders . rex : Evo ? bobo : Nah . Some knucklehead Punched a hole in the East river . Need someone to plug it up . rex : I 'll take the shortcut . six : Were those my pants ?
