 VIDEO NARRATOR ( VOICEOVER ) : Yes , you can be happy , because you Play vital role in society . Today , every Australian is wanted , needed , and valued . Because every Australian has been Specifically designed for their role , roles they can enjoy . Think you 're happy ? Think you 're free ? That 's what they want you to think . You 're nothing but robots . Flesh and blood robots . I don 't know why I feel like this . I haven 't taken anything that could have ... WOMAN : Layla , what are you doing ? Come on . OK . OK . [ Beeping ] Well , it was decided that until the age of 20 , Young people would have a period of homonally fueld rebellion . But , when reaching 20 , it 's like the page turns over . Programming kicks in . They become ... we become ... responsible Adult economic units , ready to fill The roles we 've been assigned . [ Slow , warped speech ] [ Slow , warped speech ] [ Slow , warped speech ] Layla , what is it ? What 's wrong ? Tell me , sis , what is it ? I 'm sorry . I just ... I just can 't . [ Klaxxon ] Running away , are we ? Peta ? So , I 'm like Puff the Magic Dragon , am I ? Youth 's officially over . Time to join the adult world , huh ? I have to , Peta . I can 't just ... Go on then . Be a good little robot , if that 's What 's going to make you happy . Doesn 't make any sense . I wanted to work with her . Things don 't always work out the way you want , honey . It has to , what else am I going to do ? Must be terrible to discover choice . Come on , Peta . Didn 't I tell you I 'd look after you if anything ... Peta , I told you , we can 't ... Go have a shower and clean up , OK ? Are your neighbors acting strangely ? Do people come and go at unusual times ? Chances are you 've witnessed unauthorized activity By renegade strays . Renegade strays are dangerous and must be reported . Report your fears or suspicions to police on 1900-002-002 . Who 's place is this ? Belongs to a friend . Well , how come I 've never met these friends of yours ? I didn 't think you wanted an audience , cherie . Ready ? No , thanks . I beg your pardon ? Since when do you say no to me ? No , thanks . You can . I should never have taken it in the first place . Well , it 's a bit too late for that , isn 't it ? Thanks for the good time , Layla . I 'll give you a call . Police are investigating a series of illegal entries To properties in the inner city district , Where intruders have entered without triggering alarms And have left , in the majority of cases , Without tagging or damaging anything of value . Renegade strays are somehow assuming the identity ligitamit Members of society , and are using Their vehicles , dwellings , and bank accounts For unauthorized purposes . I would urge all members of the public to be extremely careful , And to report any suspicious activities or behavior . I 'm fine . What 's this ? A mistake . It 's got your name on it . Report for full diagnostic within 24 pounds Or face arrest . That was over 12 hours ago . Must have caught something . Come on , Layla . I 'm sick of this . Tell me what 's going on . Where did you go last night ? Who you were you with ? Can 't I do anything without you ? Forget it . I walked around , OK ? Shit , Layla , I might be a lot of things , But one thing I 'm not is ... Layla ? Layla ? I 'm fine . Shit . Layla ? Layla ? DR JUNO : Unconcious when the brought Her in , obviously in a bad way . Dianostics revealed klava withdrawal . So we gave her 500 micrograms of Paravatain Para what ? Klava substitute . How long have you been taking it ? What are you talking about ? Oh , come on . I told you . She came to stay with me two weeks ago . She was fine . What the hell do you want me to do ? Follow her around , spying on her or something ? RYAN GARRET : Why didn 't you alert the police ? She was sick , she didn 't ... RYAN GARRET : What did she need ? You 'll need another 500 micrograms of Paravatain In eight hours . Either that , or you 'll take more of your aphrodisiac . What if i ... What ? What if I just stop taking it ? Then you 'll need the full treatment . And that 's not up to me . Thanks . Detective Senior Sargent Peter Jacks , Special Investigations . What do you want me for ? Globe Bar , South Fiara , Thursday , 11th of October , 7 : 15 PM . Person beside you was identified as Lyle Burgeant , systems Analyst with Cryotech PL . Same date , same time . Lyle Burgeant was also at a client meeting In the Cyrotech boardroom . All clients and staff vouch for his presence , and voice , Iris , and DNA records matched exactly . Then voice , iris , and DNA recorded This Lyle Burgeant didn 't . So ? Who was it ? Peta . Peta who ? I only know her as Peta . So it 's a she , is it ? Guy , but But I like to think of him as a she . Someone 's given you a highly addictive And potentially lethal drug . If you don 't get treatment within 36 hours , You 'll die , painfully . Do you understand that ? How come ... how come I 'm supposed To have taken this drug , and I 've never even heard of it ? Good question . What did she call it ? She ... she said it was an aphrodisiac . [ Smirks ] That it ? She said it was cool and everyone was doing it . Similar to rapture , ' cept that rapture 's jelly beans Compared to this stuff . She said it would wear off . Sure , after it 's killed you . How could I not ... How could I know ? She said it would ... Whatever she said , she lied . So you can either stand up for her , Him , it , or you 're gonna tell me who it is . I don 't know who she is . Every time I met her , she was someone different . She must 've been herself at some stage . What about when you first met ? I don 't know . I don 't ... Where does she live ? I don 't know . We always went to friends ' places . Friends ? Donna Harlem , basically a high class hooker , Nothing wrong with that . Trouble is , same time Donna Harlem was supposed To be with you in her apartment , she Was also over the other side of town with a client . That 's called trespassing , maybe even burglary . Since you were there , you 're an accomplice . Understand ? I didn 't know when ... I didn 't mean to . Video phone number ? Movid number ? She used an answering service . Didn 't that tell you something ? Everybody has a right ... ! No , they don 't have a fucking right ! [ Alarm buzzing ] No one has a right , including you . So why 'd you go with her ? Held a gun to your head , did she ? Held a gun to your head and said something very persuasive , huh ? It was only supposed to be a bit of fun . Fun ? You know what happened downtown two hours ago ? Nerve gas attack at Central Station . Five dead . Five dead , 22 in hospital . Who do you think did it ? Strays . Renegade strays . But she wasn 't ! You don 't know , do you ? You don 't know who she is or what she 's done . You don 't know a fucking thing . [ Alarm buzzing ] Wh ... what are we gonna do now ? You 've got exactly seven hours , 15 minutes before you 're Officially declared a stray . Less than 36 hours to live unless you get klava reversal . You don 't get that unless you give me information . Is it my fault that I don 't know who she is ? Not mine either , is it ? Look , I didn 't mean to take klava . I don 't want to be a stray . I just want to work with Jenny . Can 't you see ? I can 't help what 's happened . Get her out of here . No . And make sure she doesn 't come back . No , wait , please , you can 't ! You ... Can 't ? What about you ? You can 't take up your role . You can 't give me information . What good are you ? Please . You 've got to help me . Then go down on me . [ Alarm buzzing ] With them here ? [ Alarm buzzing ] Men always want the same , boring thing , Even they ... [ coughs and gags ] You cannot see . You know why ? 'Cause someone probably , her , used aversion therapy on you . That 's why your meds can 't show it . That 's 2.3 million people murdered Because the system doesn 't work , and they don 't fit in . What are you gonna do when your programming fails ? There 's 2.3 million and counting . [ Knocking ] What are you looking at ? Miss Thomas ? I 'm afraid this is impossible . You have a detox program , don 't you ? [ Inaudible ] authorization . You need police authorization . The only place you can be treated is a hospital . [ Dance music playing ] You want to score ? What 's your cute little heart desire ? Klava . - Wait . - Just piss off . You must know someone . I said piss off . I 'll get killed . [ Dance music playing ] ( ECHOING ) Looking for the sweet , lady ? Mm-mm . ( ECHOING ) I think you are , baby . Focus . Got the dough ? No ! See you , baby . [ Coughs ] I suppose you 're aware that some people believe we 've taken A wrong turn in manufacturing . The ignorance of that attitude never ceases to amaze me . If we go back to the BGE days , we 'll find they had Something called unemployment . People were born naturally and left to make up their own minds What to do with their lives . They couldn 't get the jobs they wanted , Were miserable with the jobs they had , Or couldn 't get jobs at all . We no longer have these problems . But what of those unfortunates we know Of as strays who for very ... Unfortunates . You mean garbage , don 't you ? So what do we do with garbage ? [ Gasps ] [ coughs ] [ Gasps ] [ Cries ] Is that just what you need , chicky bits ? [ Coughs ] [ Cries ] Maybe there 's a way you can pay for it . Maybe there 's a way you can pay for it , chicky bits ? Come on , chicky bits ! [ Coughs ] What are you doing here ? But surely it 's impossible to steal An ID without someone else . We 've prepared a demonstration of how we believe this is done . Suppose you 're walking down the street And someone suddenly bumps into you ... a fairly typical event . But a closer look shows the second fellow 's Grabbed the first fellow 's left wrist Where we all keep our IDs . Now a scanner like this can get all the details in a flash . Iris patent , hair and eye color , everything . Told you I 'd look after you , didn 't I ? Peter ? Call me Daddy if you want . I think you should know it 's just a name . Who are you ? Who do you think ? The kind of asshole that ruins people 's lives . What liberates them ? I got thrown in the lock up . I got listed as a stray . I 'm ... I 'm addicted to klava all because of you . Come and eat . You must be hungry . What do you want from me ? You can have us . Us ? Forget it . The reason you can walk away is because I Shot you full of klava . What are you gonna do when it wears off ? Come and eat . Come on . Why 'd I have to get involved with you ? Destiny , cherie . There 's a theory that ... I 'm not interested in your theories . Then look at the facts . I 'm in my loop , pre-ordained to be a sex worker like you . Something wrong with their programing , shame . She couldn 't do it . She got thrown into detention and for spare parts . As you can see , they took her arms and her leg . And her left eye . What you can 't see is the missing kidney and the spleen And ... and the dead nerve . [ Sighs ] She 's dead now . They cut her heart out and gave it some bank CEO . She was 22 . And she was just a one . ( WHISPERS ) Just a one . Sorry . Sorry ? People like you need their noses rubbed in the dirt . You can 't get enough pleasure from sex , And you go and get a nerve transplant . You lose a finger , or you lose a foot , you go get another one . Do you ever wonder where these things come from ? Huh ? Do you ? Oh , another thing . When they operate , they don 't use anesthetics . It 's not considered to be economical . They use muscle paralyzers instead so people like Amy Feel everything , feel everything , And you can 't even scream ! Stop it ! ( YELLING ) Sorry ? [ Cries ] You help us because you owe it to us . How ? You use your talent . I can 't . Can 't you ? ( WHISPERS ) Come on . You thought you could dump me whenever you felt like , did ya ? [ Groans ] Slutty . Would you do something else for us , sweet ? If you told people what was going on then ... Oh , people don 't give a shit , Sherry . [ Gasps ] What good is this doing ? You 're mine . You 'll always be mine . I 'll always be yours . Three hours . To what ? Decide . Help us or die . I 'm not doing any more for you . [ Groans ] You know the price , Sherry . Norell George , 26 , mistress of [ inaudible ] . Also happens to be on the board of Hampswell . They arranged to be together . They say they rendezvous tonight . She became a [ inaudible ] . Your working name 's Krystal . [ Groans ] Krystal , what are you doing ? What will happen to him ? Oh , don 't waste your sympathy , Sherry . He and his team are the ones who deliberately create stress . Do ... What are you doing ? Krystal ! Untie me . Now please . What will happen to him once we 're done ? He 'll simply be unable to continue his work Without becoming extremely ill . Krystal , what are you doing ... what are you doing ? Krystal , please . Krystal ! Krystal ! They 'll have no choice but to recycle him . Another failed program . No way . You couldn 't . Not him . If part of a machine doesn 't do its job , it gets replaced . It 's that simple . Your colleagues , David and Tomen . Krystal , what are you doing ? Hey , Krystal ! Hey , hey , what 's the hurry ? I can 't . MAN : Krystal , what are you doing ? Krystal ! Who are you ? Fucking hurry ! Who are you ? Get off me ! [ Shouting ] You know who I am ! You know who I am . Get off me ! Now ! [ Grunting ] Why did you drug him ? Let 's get to work . We 'll have to deprogram millions . Yeah , well , just put one foot in front of the other Until we get there . And if I refuse ? Would you ? [ Grunts ] Recent statistics released by the Genetic Engineering Tribunal 's research division show the stray population Of Australia has increased by 15 % to 4.7 In the last three months . An estimate 47 % of those are renegade Elements engaged in subversive and illegal activities . Report program failure , 1900665556 . Security begins with you . [ Knocking ] Tanya . [ Knocking ] Tanya , open up . It 's me . Everything 's changed . I 'm going to the police . What 's going on ? Where 's Hygio ? They caught me . No , you can 't believe in this stuff . Why do you think I helped you ? Um , " love is a maze that clouds our minds and judgments . " " I shall not believe in myths and untruths . " And you believe that ? [ Doorbell ringing ] Layla , you can 't believe in that . That 's what they told us to do . That 's what they wanted us to believe . [ Doorbell ringing ] Layla , it 's a lie . You 've got to stop believing it . [ Doorbell ringing ] Come on . [ Knocking ] [ doorbell ringing ] Go . Just don 't let them see you . [ Knocking ] Go , just go ! [ Screams ] No ! Stop ! [ Inaudible ] , please ! WOMAN : There 's nobody but these strays . Carry on , gentlemen . [ Groans ] [ cries ] MAN : Yes , you can be happy , because every Australian Has been specifically designed for ... [ Screams ] [ Gasps ] Wake up , sleeping beauty . Time to turn your prince into a toad . She fucked up . Why ? Tanya . They 'll kill her . Yes , Layla , they 'll kill her . And do you know why ? Because she 's your sister and because you 're a stray . Do you understand ? Do you understand ? Oh god , my bones . [ Groans ] And you go , and you stuff up a job like this . That could stop it all . Can I do something to someone if you want me to . You can 't . So you can 't protect yourself ? Come on . Hit back . Come on ! Hit back . Come on . This is what it feels like to be a stray . But the punishment doesn 't stop , does it ? [ Groans ] Stop ! Hit , and they hit ! Stop ! And they hit you and they hit you . Peter ! Get out ! [ Groans ] But isn 't there a different way to ... I said get out ! Come on . But ... but this is ... [ Groaning ] They keep hitting you , and you don 't hit back , do you ? Hit me . Come on . I 'll always be yours . And you 'll always be mine . [ Pants ] The federal government today announced a limited repeal Of laws forbidding the deliberate killing of renegade Strays in a move designed to allow Web networks the right to tender for The Jungle franchise . It is believed at least one network has paid Over 100 million Australian dollars For the US-originated reality series now screened In over 50 countries worldwide . Communications minister Richard Ralston Has supported the move as a means of eliminating The renegade stray problem . Well , we think there 's a market for this product in Australia And that it would be wrong to deny that market . We also think it may be a possible solution To a problem we so far haven 't been able to solve . OK ? Thank you . Wanna fly , honey ? Does that mean you 're gonna join us ? It means I can 't self-harm . [ Laughs ] Politer robot . Why don 't you just kill me ? I 'm no good to you . I 'm no good to them . Why am I even here ? To make a choice . I was bred for one thing . I can 't want anything else . Layla . Are you telling me you choose the system That destroyed your sister ? Destroyed ? She loved you , Layla . She tried to help you . You owe it to her to help us . " Love is a myth that clouds our minds and judgments . " I shall not believe in myths and untruths . Then do it to save yourself . You like that ? You like that ? [ Cries ] Herman Cleaves , CEO of Odyssey 6 . Every week , sometimes even twice a week , He calls a certain agency for a mistress . Who do I go as ? Yourself . He wouldn 't know you from Eve . Besides , you wouldn 't care . His fantasies include being spanked , forced To dress as a slut , walked on with high heels , And being screwed with a strap-on . You shouldn 't have any problems . [ Knocking ] Mr. Cleaves ? Mistress ? Come in . Come in . You know my little peccadilloes , don 't you ? I did tell the agency . Mistress , I know I 've been bad . I know I need to be . Your last chance , cherie . I don 't want that . It 's not me who wants to give it to you . What is this ? They 've give me klava , and they 're forcing Me to do what they want . Who ? Why ? Her name 's Peter . She runs a cellar of renegade strays . Two of them are downstairs . I 'm supposed to call them once I 've knocked you out . I 'm calling the police . Why didn 't you ? [ Sirens ] [ Elevator ding ] Stay out of their clutches and come and see me tomorrow . Mr. Cleaves ! Tomorrow ! Mr. Cleaves ! Feeling better ? Who are you ? You should be grateful to be alive . Who are these people ? Glad you called them that . Strays ? We don 't recognize that word here . Gave birth four weeks ago . Our newest member . Birth ? You don 't know what birth is ? No . No . You people . You poor bloody people . A man and a woman have sex , sperm meet ovum . A baby grows inside the woman . Nine months later , she pushes it out . That 's birth . That 's crap . That 's impossible . I 'm doctor , and I 'm telling you it 's very possible Your own body , if they ... Everybody knows that people don 't make babies . The companies do . From what you consume . I 'll tell you what . The companies harvest sperm and ovum from people bred for it . They 're like battery hens . If they are alive in darkness and pain , and then They 're killed for spare parts . They didn 't tell you that in school , did they ? She made love . Do you know what that is ? She made love to a guy she loves . That child is a product of their love and with any luck , She 'll grow up with love , not some warped idea of duty To people who kill ya the moment you fall out of line . What are we gonna do with her ? It 's up to her . She can go or stay . What do you want to do ? Do you want to stay ? No . She can [ inaudible ] but us . I 'm here to see Mr. Cleaves . You have an appointment ? Just tell him it 's Layla Thomas . Miss Thomas , we 're about to record An episode of the " Marty Boon Show " You know it , of course . I want you to go on the show and expose The people who forced you to be a stray , everything you know . Hold back nothing . The more open and honest you are , The more sympathy you 'll get . Understand ? Good . Somebody will be able to do your makeup in a minute . Mr. Cleaves . I 've got about an hour left . Don 't worry about that now . Mr. Cleaves . I need help . You 'll get help . I promise . But first , you 'll go on the show . I won 't make it . Let everyone see what they 've done . Your sympathy rating will go through the roof . Mr. Cleaves ! Not now ! Later . [ Music playing ] Welcome , welcome , welcome one again to the " Marty Boon Show . " [ Applause ] [ Chuckles ] Thank you . Thank you . You 're beautiful too . Tonight we have with us a young woman Who claims she was kidnapped by strays , Drugged , and forced to do their bidding . Her stray listing , she claims , is a mistake . And she now seeks readmission to society . Should we consider readmitting her ? Judge for yourselves , ladies and gentlemen , Because here she is , Miss Layla Thomas . [ Applause ] Well , Layla , what can you tell us About life in the stray lane ? [ Laughter ] This isn 't fair . What isn 't fair ? I didn 't want it to be like this . So , how did you become like this in the first place ? I made a silly mistake . [ Laughs ] You can say that again . [ Laughter ] I got involved with someone who gave me klava . Did this person force you to take klava ? She said it was an aphrodisiac . So you took it of your own free will ? She ... she said that everyone else was doing it . But you took an illegal substance Of your own free will . [ Audience " oohs " ] Please . Well , there it is , ladies and gentleman , a typical stray . She said she was forced to do their bidding , Yet she took an illegal substance of her own free will . Is this the type of creature we want in our society ? AUDIENCE : No ! I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again , We are not being too hard on strays . That they even exist is an anathema . The best that we can do is put these strays to good use . Am I right ? Or am I right ? [ Cheering ] AUDIENCE : Yes ! Away with you , you miserable excuse for a human being . [ Laughter ] And may your parts be of service to the decent members Of society . [ Applause ] Of course we didn 't need that riffraff to tell Us where her compatriots are . Thanks to state-of-the-art surveillance , We were able to trace their ... And I 'll say it again ... Yes , ladies and gentleman , right under our noses ... Being hard on strays . That they even exist at all is an anathema . You are now watching exclusive Odyssey 6 Highlights of the inaugural astray In addition of " The Jungle . " Of course , we didn 't need that riffraff to tell Us where her compatriots are . Thanks to state-of-the-art surveillance , We were able to trace their inner-city hide out . Yes , ladies and gentleman , right under our very noses And alert our newly formed kill-jacks . And now , ladies and gentlemen , for the first time , Australia 's very own addition to the concept , The public verdict . Yes , ladies and gentleman , now you , yes you , Can choose the fate of the strays , Right here on " The Jungle . " Just click on the thumbs up or the thumbs down To register your vote . The thumb with the biggest number Decides the fate of our contestants . And there it is , ladies and gentlemen . The fate of this young man has just Been decided by you , yes you ! [ Gunshot ] [ Cheering ] Just who 's doing all of this voting ? The film icons don 't even work . Your consent is being manufactured . Wake up to it . Your consent is being manufactured . Get that thing off ! [ TV static ] And it 's a majority verdict ! [ Gunshots ] Yes ! Yes ! [ Cheering ] Oh , yes . Will you help me now ? MARTY BOON : There are those , ladies and gentlemen , who say ... Help you ? MARTY BOON : I ask you ... [ Laughter ] Help you ? [ Laughter ] Get her out ! Out ! Out ! Perivatain . Here 's your dose , slow feed . You pull it out , you suffer . [ Pants ] Cell 29 . You 've got exactly seven hours , 15 minutes before you 're Officially declared a stray . Is it my fault that I don 't know who she is ? Not mine either , is it ? [ Cries ] No ! [ Cries ] Prisoner 80789652 , Jacks . Check . Let 's go . Where are you taking him ? Let 's go . Where are you taking him ? [ Crying ] [ Screaming ] Prisoner 10067493 , Thomas . Ow ! Check Let 's go . No ! [ Pants ] Prisoner number 10067493 , Thomas , as requested . Thank you . Peter . I told you it 's just a name . And you should know by now anything can be faked . Michelle Cane , senior investigator Undercover division . Congratulations , Layla . You 've passed . Passed ? Everyone in 10,000 is likely to rebel society provided The stimulus and opportunity . We need to weed them out . We provide a stimulus and the opportunity . Opportunity ? You forced people to join you . It 's up to them to resist . You never obeyed . You obeyed under extreme duress . You never agreed to rebel . So you 've been fully reinstalled . There were withdrawals for about a month after that . You should get a couple tremors , but other than that , You should be fine . You mean all this , everything I 've been through ... It 's all over . This isn 't right . As this programming failed , Layla , We had reason to believe that yours would too , So we had to make sure ... It still isn 't right . Many things aren 't right , Layla , never will be . But you don 't need to worry about them . You just go and take up your role and be grateful . Others weren 't as lucky . Now go . I 'll always be yours . And you 'll always be mine . Layla . You 're going back to something that 's finished . Maybe not today , maybe not even tomorrow , but eventually . People 's programmings are breaking Down everywhere , Layla . It can 't go on . It 's gonna be a ... it 's gonna be a whole new world , a world Of love and choice and hope . I once said I 'd always loved anyway . Better ... I really hope you do . Layla , I hope you can be part of it , Layla . I really do . It 's Layla . I 'll always be yours . [ Gunshot ] [ Gasps ] They took away this morning . The ambulance come and took her away . Where ? Here . I 'm sorry . Yes ? I ... I 'm sorry . I thought ... Yes ? I mean , is this Helen 61 ? [ Music playing ]
