 If I had known how everything was going to happen I would have done everything differently . I would have stayed invisible . A nobody . But I 'm no longer a nobody . I 'm one of the most wanted hackers in the word . Who am I ? I am Benjamin . And this is my story . He 's learned his lesson . He claims he 's done with hacking . He said he can lead us to Fr13nds and Russian cyber mafia He wants to talk only to you . And you are ... whoami ? There 's a reason why you 're here . A reason I 'm here for . So ? Everything is somehow connected . Everything that has a beginning has an end . It 's a mix of everything And I 'm in the middle . I always wanted to be a superhero with a superpower I wanted to do things that nobody thought possible . In reality I already had a superpower I was invisible . And I also had a superhero costume . Paradise Pizza : the end of the rainbow Every superhero needs a tragic family story : Spiderman 's parents Dead . Batman 's parents Killed . Superman 's parents Exploded . I actually had the best requirements My dad ran away to France when I was born . I 've never met him . A similarity that I share with my grandma . Her father died in the Second World War The only memory she has from him are three bullet casings his comrade brought from foreign countries My mom took her own life when I was 8 The best material for a hero story . My grandma took care of me and later I took care of her . I 'm not a psychologist . I don 't care about your dreams . What do you know about CLAY ? About your alliance with the Fr13nds ? Everything you want to know . But every detail is important . Hacking is like magic They 're both about deceiving the others . Since I was 14 I spent my time in front of the PC . I learned programming languages Hacked my first system . A universe of infinite possibilities . For the first time I felt like I was good at something . In real life I was a zero among ones . An outsider . A loser . A freak . But on the Internet I felt a sense of belonging . A refuge for people like me . Everyone who wasted their time on the World-Wide-Web met here in the so-called " darknet " The Internet within the Internet Here I could be whoever I wanted . I spent days and nights on the PC . Then I slept in the real world . But there was an antidote I got the idea from my biggest idol . There are a lot of great hackers out there . There was only one true hero for me He called himself " MRX " He is from nowhere No one knew who he was . He could hack into any system . He was a real star One of his most famous hacks was a social network attack He didn 't take anything or anyone seriously . He was the superhero among all hackers . I wanted to be like him . He had an exploit used to manipulate an online pharmacy to get Ritalin The hacker 's watchman MRX had 3 rules : 3rd : Have fun in cyberspace and meatspace In other words , don 't limit your fun , don 't enjoy things only in the virtual world But the real reason I sit here now why everything happened this way is Marie . Hey ! Just resting hasn 't helped anyone so far . Hope is the rainbow over the waterfall of our life . Do you still want to pass the exam ? Try with learning ! Or do you hope someone will steal the exam questions for you ? I called Superman but he had no time . Retard ! What kind of weirdo bird are you ? Paradise Pizza The end of the rain - ... - bow . During the school time I was desperately in love with Marie . But after ten years no one still remembers the freak from the last row . That 'll be 34.28 I said without anchovy I 'm not paying for this ! I said without anchovy I 'm not paying for this ! Don 't be an ass , Oscar ! The rest is for you . What ? Are you crazy ? Mr. Anchovy gives you a hundred more if you get the exam questions . Bachelor of Laws The world doesn 't need a savior but everyday I hear people crying for one . What ? That 's Superman It 's okay . Thanks . You 're such a jerk ! I finally wanted to be a superhero . Marie had a problem and I could solve it . I just had to get her the exam questions . She 'll remember me . We 'll fall in love get married have kids be happy together Bingo . The bachelor exam questions were stored on the central server of the university All I needed was access . It was way too easy . Most of the hackers only pass through They appear in the system without changing a thing Others leave a hint and many take a souvenir . I was Superman , Spiderman , Batman What are you doing there ? I was an idiot . No entries , no previous conviction 50 hours of community service Do something with your life ! It 's up to you ! My 50 hours of community service meant cleaning a city I didn 't care about It couldn 't be any worse . Not even the ritalin worked anymore . But everything had to change in one fell swoop . And ? why are you here ? Can 't you speak or what ? Then no . Let me guess ... you 're one of those guys who thinks life 's unfair for them who feels like only passing by invisible just as the rest of society In school you weren 't even beaten up because nobody gave a damn about you That 's all really really sad . Do you know what I think ? it 's all just a scam . Computer stuff . And you ? This and that What kind of things ? huh ? DDoS attacks ? Botnets ? Phishing ? Or are you just a script kiddie ? I hacked the University 's server . How did you manage to gain access ? Using a 0Day Exploit . You know how to read machine language ? Simply as that ? Mhm I am Max . Benjamin . Any plans for today ? I keep wondering if there 's a moment that pulls all strings together That moment which changes everything The later the evening gets , the more drunk the guests become How do you like my modest temple ? I don 't even know half of these people . All shit suckers ! Max was the total opposite of me Self-confident , charismatic A winner Close the door ! Let me introduce you This is Benjamin . Stefan Benjamin Benjamin Engel . Stefan was the software master He could find a bug in any application He 's always been completely insane . He loved the thrill craziness and so on No last name . Paul was the hardware freak Give him a paper clip and a motherboard and he 'll build anything you want . Like me , he lost his mother early . His rich father left him at an orphanage so he could focus on the important things . Don 't worry ! His smile muscles were removed at birth . Max said that you can read machine language Machine language ? Anyone can say that ! It 's not something that 's easy to prove ! Prove it ! Or you won 't leave alive . Angel Paul Benjamin Just Benjamin The fun begins now ! Don 't worry ! We 're not the swindlers What ? Did you think that I live here ? Come on ! Come on ! Go ! Make way ! You 're the pizza bird ! Do you know each other ? It 's his party ! What the fuck ? No last name . I always stopped at warnings never asked myself again after that I can 't anymore I can 't go any further See ya after ! Now I remember you ! Benjamin ! Benjamin Engel ! Our teacher forgot about you and then you had to take the train back home ! It was interesting ... .. the evening Bye ! Bye . We all knew that this day will come . Your grandma needs professional help . You must let go ! She 's on really good hands . My grandma was diagnosticated with Alzheimer 4 years ago . Since then it 's like an invisible eraser deletes her borders . Tickets , please ! I thought the cops have caught you ! It wasn 't a good idea in the very first week to close the exit . What 's wrong ? You 'll feel better . Come on ! I show you something ! Come on ! I should have stayed there sitting But it was like between us was an invisible rope . He told me how he started with hacking I was all ears . There are people out there , they think they 're safe They have no idea what 's going on . Security . Everyone wants security . Security doesn 't exist ! Once you understand this , you know it 's like you have the world served on a plate . You only have to get it ! Even though we were so different , we had something in common . First : Don 't enjoy your actions only in the virtual world Second : aim for the impossible 3rd : No system is safe MRX ! Never hide behind your computer . MRX already knows this . The main vulnerability isn 't in applications or servers Man is the main security flaw . You hack people ? Exactly . The most effective of all hacking methods , the great art of deceiving : Social engineering Man is by default trusting and confiding Social engineering uses these two components so that you can get anything you want : Passwords , secret information , login data Hungry ? Hold this ! How many chocodonuts do I get for this ? It 's a new sales pitch ? huh ? Pay for 10 , get 8 ! For those with chocolate it wasn 't available . What would I stand here for ? Who required this ? That blonde from there ! Come on ! I 'm hungry and got things to do ! There you go ! Have a good evening ! All good ! You must be bold enough ! Then the world is at your feet Oh ! Already late ! Are you ready ? Come on let 's go . But ... Where are we going ? Come on ! Go ! Why did you bring him ? You don 't know if we can trust him ! You already saw what he can . You can drive . Don 't make a big deal out of this ! We 'll bring it back ! Looking like this , you 'll never get in ! Why does he come ? I thought I come with you ! What are you up to ? Not " you " , " we " ! Come on ! Get dressed ! Chop-chop ! This wasn 't part of the plan ! Let 's go ! Good luck ! Don 't you come with us ? I 'd rather not ! Let 's go , my young boy ! The identification card was a small simple piece of paper Five minutes of Photoshop Two minutes for printing Any idiot could do that . Identity card ? Without despatch ! Fellow of the Danish Federation . Without Without despatch . One of the guest speakers ! Danish people 's front ! What has this to do with hacking ? The presentation 's laptop it must be connected to another wifi network This is your job ! Don 't forget ! Aim for the impossible ! Shit ! Shit ! Which ? What other network ? I don 't trust the small one ! You don 't trust anyone not even yourself ! Listen ! They 're sick of this ! The Federal Intelligence Service has people everywhere ! They 're between us ! OK ? They have this kid that never said a lie . I 'm invisible ! I 'm invisible ! I 'm invisible ! You assholes ! Time for a bit of blasphemy ! Dear fellows , we 're presenting you now our new wallspot ! A small flame that will burn in german 's hearts ! Quiet ! Cut ! Cut ! The lamers are coming ! Stefan ! the keys ! I don 't have them ! That was our first action together The birth of something real big . And I was a part of it . How do I know that what you 're telling me , is for real ? 17-04-73 6212 What did you say ? Your insurance number . Born in Friedrich studies in Germany Graduated as the best of the year Investigator at the European Cybercrime Center in Hague Two bank accounts : one at Densk Bank other at Holland Direct Bank During the study period , you had a problem Since then you couldn 't have kids anymore . Because of an uterus disease Your colleagues consider you cold I consider you lonely . We needed a place for hacking My grandma 's house was the perfect place . This reminds me of the old times . Having a computer crib or something . 1 million views ! We need a name ! We must become a brand ! We must become famous ! All what attention generates is counterproductive . We 're staying off the radar . Fuck the radar ! Brand is awesome ! Like Anonymous or Lizardsec ! Like MRX ! Are you all completely nuts ? Max had an idea If Max had an idea , nothing could stop him I no longer do this shit with you ! Take the surprise from chocolate ! Take it ! Sure ! No problem ! I follow the polls ! Who is " for " ? We still need a name . How about " CLAY " ? as in " Clowns laughing at you " because it 's all about fun and because of the mask Nominated with 4 votes . For CLAY CLAY 's next move was a small greeting to the financial world We had taken a liking to this . Our next target was a big pharma company . Max was right The bolder you were , the more you could achieve . We hacked everything we got our hands on . The ritalin kept us awake We didn 't take anything and anyone seriously . Who hides behind this mask ? Is it a criminal organization or just a group of rebel teenagers ? Hi ! What are you doing ? Me ? Nope . You ? I 'm looking for the man of the rainbow . Marie ? Are you coming ? We must stop meeting in secret ! and also leave our covers ! You 're such a fiasco ! You ... for you it 's easy ! You 're ... you 're different ! people are listening to you ! You 're cool ! Maybe you 're right ! When life gives you lemons , ask for salt and tequila . Max was marching on but his mood could change in seconds . For weeks he tried to get from MRX a reaction about CLAY . He wanted appreciation from his biggest idol We are fucking losers ! But MRX didn 't give a fuck about us Abroad there was another player . Around this time she entered the game . Now I call on Hanne Lindberg , lead cybercrime investigator of Europol Yesterday night , was a cyberattack on the European Central Bank of Frankfurt We found out that the same hackers are involved which are also behind the attacks on the German Army 's servers . they call themselves " Fr13nds " . Fr13nds is part of the Russian cyber mafia They hacked as in the past years many international targets . The group has 4 nicknames to locate 3 of them are : The last one is still unknown . The data they got was sold on the so-called " darknet " and consumed by the Russian cyber mafia . According to our newest investigations , at least one of the Fr13nds members seems to operate from Berlin . Our commission joins the Europol investigations . Nobody knows the Fr13nds and their past actions better than Hanne Lindberg Is it true that you 're tracking the Fr13nds for 3 years without success ? Yes ! OK . Any other questions ? Good . Hanne ! I just wanted to say ... Glad to see you ! I hope you don 't have any problems with this No ! No . I 'm glad to work with you ! Good . One more thing ... The fact that we were together , no one must know it . People are talking . Must lose the information ! While she was hunting the Fr13nds , Max tried to get rid of the frustration caused by MRX . Wanna take a ride ? Max and Stefan borrowed one of Paul 's toys and tampered the transmission line of a radio 's prize competition They interrupted all the lines but one so that Max could be put through . Hello ! My name is Benjamin Engel . The correct answer is B : Ottmar Hitzfeld . Are you crazy ? What has this to do with CLAY ? What kind of fucking message is behind stealing a Porsche ? It 's not like that ! It 's not like a shitty Renault ! Superheros need a superhero car ! Exactly ! Moreover it 's not stolen , it 's won ! Forget it ! Here ! Excuse me , girls ! We were a bit late ! These guys are like Windows : it takes a while till they boot up . Cheers ! You can be whoever you want ! Check this out ! Be open minded ! You achieved everything when you completed your ultimate challenge So can Benjamin , for example , he has a huge potential , but he doesn 't use it ! He hides behind the others . He doesn 't open his mouth ! If someone must always pull you then you 'll never go far ! Most of the people can only follow rules ! It wasn 't enough ! Max was right . I had to finally change something I passed the exam ! What are you up to now ? Do you know how I made it ? Nope . I 've intentionally answered wrong the questions . Why ? There are so many possibilities outside . I had the feeling that is not carved in stone that I pass the exam . Like all the doors shut forever . But now I 've decided on a door . Why are you driving a Porsche ? I 'm the employee of the month . Or maybe I 'm also a superhero and this is my superhero car Yeah ... maybe Come on ! believe in yourself ! Be like Max Aim for the impossible ! I 'd better go out It fits to Porsche Oh look who 's here ! The pizza bird ! Get your hands off Marie ! Nothing has changed . Everything 's alright ? Don 't ask . MRX sent a message ! MRX hasn 't missed a single word about CLAY until this moment . In front of us we had the confidential cybercrime investigation document they sent to Europol It was a marked paragraph about CLAY The packet 's purpose was only one : He wanted make this clear to us CLAY in his eyes wasn 't more than whining babies . We 'll finish the fucker ! Let 's do an attack that tops all ! We could hack a big bank ! Yes ! the money of a famous company ! Bullshit ! We need an attack on something real huge ! Something able to reach the Olympus ! The Federal Intelligence Service . What ? BND ! The king class . The German Secret Service . Bullshit ! It 's unhackable ! No system is safe . And aim for the impossible ! The BND action must be the most complex we ever did . Here you go , you pussy ! With the right bait you can catch any fish . Without knowing , Gerdi granted us access . But from her system we still couldn 't access the main server . Gerdi was the jackpot , though . Gerdi was responsible for the card cloning and for distribution of the entry-cards to BND . Accepted by password or address ? It was the all time biggest breaking cliché . Idiots ! Many tried to hack the BND before . But you can 't do this only by hiding behind your desk . Ready ? Where 's Benjamin ? No idea Where have you been ? We really made it . That was the Olympus We haven 't just climbed it , we also have put a flag on its peak . As for BND , the employees will get the next day the shock of their lives . That was my night Leave me alone ! Let us in ! Don 't act like a kid ! And you like an asshole ! You 're nothing without us ! A nobody ! It 's enough Nobody . Nobody Without the others knowing it I stole secret data from BND server . First he has manipulated the printers over the communication protocol then he bypassed the security firewall and stole data . Our unhackable system has been hacked in 2 minutes 23 You 're saying this like you were excited about it . Whoever did this is a genius . We should have had recordings They deleted all the video files and left something . But everything has a consequence Every single fly flap . That was found about his body . He was found in the woods . Moritz Lauer , better known as Krypton . Morning ! Get out ! Get lost ! What the fuck ? you need us ! What ? I need you ? Or maybe you need me ! Do you know what ? You 're nothing ! you 're nothing more than a shitty impostor ! All you can do is using people and manipulate them ! Stop ! Stop ! Be quiet ! Quiet ! This morning was found the dead body of the hacker which has the pseudonym " Krypton " His dead and the German Secret Service hack of the last night confront the BND with something that might be the biggest scandal of its history . Near to the dead body , was found the stolen data from BND A secret employees list proving that Krypton worked for the BND . It seems that Krypton belongs to the hackers group Fr13nds Financed by the BND to collect information about hackers At this time , the hackers group CLAY seems responsible for the BND breaking . You were the only one in the server room ! What have you done there ? We said that we don 't touch anything , take anything and turn on only the printers ! Did you leave any data ? I 've found a hidden partition on the BND server I have ... I 've cracked the password and then downloaded some kind of employees list I don 't know ... I sent it to MRX . Are you crazy ? I wanted to prove him ! I wanted to prove you ! You thought I 'm a nobody ! Sometimes we hold so tight a photograph we got from someone . It was like I couldn 't recognize myself anymore . Everyone sees what they want Suddenly , it was crystal clear MRX has sold the stolen data to the Russian cyber mafia MRX belongs to the Fr13nds When he found out that Krypton worked for the BND , he eliminated him ! Now everyone thinks that we did it ! It 's only his fault ! Austrian product . Krypton has been admitted to the government agency and was eliminated . What has this to do with CLAY ? I don 't know . We could fail . I received a call from Hague . They wanted me to make an evaluation of you . Your work I didn 't know that your chair isn 't stable Why didn 't you tell me ? Where are you going ? To find some fun . This isn 't fun anymore ! Krypton is dead , Max , dead ! And we 'll get fucking blamed for all this scandal ! Benjamin could hand himself over to the police and tell them how he built alone his shit CLAY ! Do you want sacrifice one of us ? You always wanted to run away ! I don 't fuckin ' care what you 're doing , I 'm out ! Stefan ! Wait ! This is all my fault ! I must find MRX ! And then what ? It 's not about us ! it 's about MRX the Fr13nds they are the target ! Benjamin is right . Running away doesn 't solve this There are so many tracks left there It 's just a matter of time till they catch us ! We deliver them MRX and the Fr13nds and we 'll become invisible again . Exactly . When I said " we " I didn 't mean " you " too ! Oh my god ! what happened to you ? I 'm fine . What do you want ? ... last night you suddenly disappeared and ... and I thought that ... You came here for Max . Max ? No ! It 's better that you go now . Are you building there a bomb or what ? Anything else ? What 's wrong with you ? You 're completely weird Exactly That 's all you can see , right ? the freak weirdo Do you know what ? I wish I had never met you ! We had to find MRX I was the decoy We were lately so paranoic that we could use only public networks Oh ! here are you ! Come on fast ! He tried to contact MRX His IP address is spoofed he uses 100 different servers in Europe He 's changing his location at every 3 seconds ! I think I got something ! The server he uses more often points to this IP address In Berlin ! Get as much information as you can , Katja He gave me access to his private channel . What are you waiting for ? We 're running out of time ! I almost have it . They 're here ! Did you get it ? Let 's get outta here ! Now . We 'll meet downstairs ! Nothing ! as if the earth had swallowed him up ! I am suspended . They 're looking for someone else from Hague ! I 'm sorry What did MRX ask for ? He wanted us to send a Trojan to the Europol system If someone has access to Europol , can track investigations and tamper What was your plan ? We wanted to know who is MRX His identity in exchange for our freedom We wanted to prove that he 's behind Krypton 's death We wanted to disappear from the 1st position of the wanted list We only wanted to be ... invisible again To get access to MRX 's computer we had to reach deeply into our bag of tricks Stefan called the application " the pregnant horse " It was a Trojan horse inside of a Trojan horse . The second when MRX would log on to the Europol server using our backdoor we could be able to access his computer . And MRX 's mask would fall . But before we had to destroy all the evidence I want to apologise ... for the blue-eyed like Marie . You knew all the time what she means to me and you didn 't give a fuck What can I say ? I 'm an asshole . The statement is true . I 'm an impostor ! I could never do what you can I 'm just a fucking script kiddie I can 't do more than copy / paste ! I don 't even know how to program ! I didn 't know that Do you like this ? Love birdies ! We were on the way to Hague to Europol We had to get in the lion 's den but the road was long . We tried several methods No success . Our old phishing methods We even tried to get in across the canalization . It 's the only entrance . What are you doing there ? A fucking nail ! Take it out ! We had to admit that it was impossible to enter the Europol . What are you looking at ? It was my fault . I 've dragged us in this I also had to get us out . Man is by default trustful and confiding Social engineering . Come on ! Believe in yourself ! With Paul 's box I could access a network and then a second one , in parallel , a so called " evil twin " If someone had logged in from one of the offices in that network I could access their laptop and then the server MRX gave us an access key to a darknet channel where we could find the instructions . I only had to give MRX the manipulated Trojan As soon as he would log in in the Europol server his mask would fall But MRX foiled our trick MRX won the game and I lost everything Max , Paul , Stefan they 're all dead . I want to be Benjamin again I want to be invisible again This is Anne ! Call me as soon as you wake up ! You must come here immediately ! Finally no one else You came ... Yeah , I came . Oscar said that someone hacked the University 's server some months ago and stole the questions for the Bachelor exam and got caught You once said that you must find out who you are .. and that there are a lot of opportunities outside but you can be whoever you want you can be anything Do you understand ? I can be the federation ! You 're a weirdo ! Do you come with me ? I already said that you 're crazy ! Where ? Wherever you want . Copenhagen ? You can go anywhere and want to go to Copenhagen ? Why not ? Yeah ... Why not . What else do you know about me ? Do you know that I 'm suspended ? You want to be invisible again ! But the Fr13nds know who you are ! You want a new identity you want in the witness protection program ! that 's all you always wanted ! For this I give you MRX , the Fr13nds It 's not that easy ! The Federal Criminal Police Office will be successful politics and media , pleased You are rehabilitated . Let 's say I agree . How will you get MRX ? Using a magic trick There are holes in his story as big as the Death Star ! He 's nothing A no one ! He played with fire and got burned but he can lead us to MRX ! If we have him we will also get the Fr13nds ! You 're suspended ! The promise of the witness protection program must end . I need you for this ! How should work this magic trick ? We will attack MRX 's weakest point his pride ! We got him ! What 's his real name ? 19 years old from New York You should be the last one too so that you 're not alone That 's from Superman ! In a few hours you 're a freeman ! New name , new city There are holes in his story as big as the Death Star ! I 'd like to ask you some questions . Do you know this person ? No . He said you were in the same class . The freak ! Have you seen Benjamin lately ? No . Excuse me . What 's this all about ? Benjamin is under the BKA 's attention . He declared that in the last months you met often We did what ? He 's completely crazy ! I 'd never like to meet such a guy ! Thank you for having time for me ! It 's about Engel Or better said " your angel " You know him ? Since he was young . I have curated his mother . What can you tell me about him ? He 's uncommunicative outsider No wonders in his story . His mother took her own life Benjamin has grown up in unclear circumstances His mother had an identity problem Schizophrenia ? Multiple personality disorder She had multiple personalities thinking they 're all herself The medication kept her at bay . In the end she couldn 't endure anymore . Is it inheritable ? Possible . What is it caused by ? It can be caused by a predisposition to other substances Some medicines can make the symptoms even stronger There are several triggers . Ritalin ? Ritalin is one of them . But what it 's all about ? Is everything alright with Benjamin ? The laboratory results are here ! Let me guess ! The bullets are from the 2nd World War ! Yes . How did you get this wound ? what did hurt you ? Why were the car keys at you ? It is supposed that Stefan has driven the car ! What did you tell me about Paul ? about his mother ? She died when he was young That 's you ! They 're all you ! No . They 're dead ! There are no dead bodies ! No evidence ! In any damn hotel in Hague ! What you saw in the hotel room doesn 't exist ! You made them up in your imagination ! CLAY - that 's you alone ! You are Max What ? Did you think that I live here ? You are Stefan ! You are Paul ! Every action , it was you ! Alone ! I don 't even know one half of the people ! All shit suckers ! We need a name ! We must become a brand ! We must become famous ! All what attention generates is counterproductive We 're staying off the radar ! Nothing off the radar ! Brand is awesome ! Like Anonymous or Lizardsec ! Like MRX ! fucking nail ! I 'm not like my mom ! I know who I am That means that our agreement disqualifies you for the witness protection program No ! You said we have a deal a caution ! I get the witness protection program , that 's what you said ! I 'm sorry ! They killed Krypton I betrayed MRX . They 'll find me ! Do you understand ? We had a deal ! I get the witness protection program ! That 's what you promised me ! I 'm sorry . You 're sick ! I 'm not like my mom ! I 'm sorry ! The Fr13nds will kill me like they killed Krypton ! I want witness protection program ! You promised me ! Congrats ! The collaboration between the Europol and BKA ( Federal Criminal Police Office ) has been from the start a composite of efficiency , professionality and certain Responsible for this is Hanne Lindberg an exceptional fighter against the cyber mafia The Internet is not a legal black hole its doors aren 't invisible ! Anyone can be traced . I asked them to bring you to the court . I 'm sorry for hacking you ! It wasn 't fair The witness protection program is literally a program You have 5 minutes What will you tell them ? That you 're on the way to the courthouse Won 't you be fired again ? They wanted MRX , the Fr13nds . You 're a nobody to them ! You 're invisible to them ! Promise me that you 're done with hacking I promise ! No magic tricks anymore Wait ! Just one more thing How do you make this trick ? If you know how 's working , it 's less deceiving Everyone sees what they wanna see Take care ! She swallowed it hook , line and sinker . The all time greatest social engineering trick Not even the Europol knows now who you are . What name did you pick ? No name OK . Who am I ? I 'm Benjamin . I 'm a hacker . and this is my story . Hacking is like magic They 're both about deceiving the others . Where have you been ? They have my computer ! They know who am I , we all gotta get outta here ! What happened ? I was at Europol How did you get in there ? I pretended to be one of the students from a group it doesn 't fuckin ' matter ! The task .. was a failure ! They got .. they have all my personal details ! Everything ! Do you understand ? We gotta get outta here ! Immediately ! Come on ! What are you waiting for ? You 're one of us ! We don 't forsake you ! Now what ? No system is unhackable . Excluded from the witness protection program are persons having psychic diseases Once again Give her very detailed information this works only if you trust yourself And if she doesn 't feel mainpulated ! You can do it ! Only this is left Ready ? We 're all invisible ! What if she checked ? Don 't worry ! She has checked . But she has what she wants No more magic tricks .
