 Subtitles by Renatinha Tankinha - It 's just waves of vibrating air . Beginning in your voice box , compresses air , and that air travels through space and time into my ear , a little tunnel waves of diffused , vibrating air focused and channeled into my eardrum , which vibrates a few very small bones , and the little bones transmit this air into the salty sea where the hairs are , and the hair cells become active , when they are literally bent by the wave . And , when these hair cells bend , charged molecules flood inwards and activate the sound . That 's the language of neurons . It 's only when the electricity finally forms a pattern in your brain , only when it 's deep inside , that 's when you hear something . It feels to me more like touch . Sound to me is like touch at a distance . - Attention , stand by for a list of shelters and first-aid stations . All residents listen for a shelter location in your area . Proceed with caution . Watch for downed power lines . - Don 't look for a date or coordinates in the code of these notes . I am posting offline hoping that someday it will be over and the network will do only good . Her real name was unknown . Symptoms of severe trauma . - Attention , this ... - ... that caused and identified , - ... is an evacuation order . Remain calm . Follow the instructions of the emergency officials . This is an emergency evacuation order . Obey the emergency officials . Remain calm . - No one had any doubt that staying at the basement was no longer possible . The clinic was dismissed . Doctors were asked to each take one patient and continue on their own . We 've run out of gas . Careful with your rope . Let 's set up here . We started this game ourselves . This orderly chaos that 's now impossible to stop . - Help . Yeah . - A few more grapes ? Then we will be ready to go . Good ? Open up . Open up . Good . Good . Right now I am working with a very unusual patient that came to us with a case of post-traumatic stress disorder that was probably caused by the recent events . Up to this day we don 't know much about her , except that what she hears is absolutely off the charts . 4204 Bravo 75 , 1025 , out of gas , along the coastline , approximately 60 miles south of the border , need assistance , 10-97 . Often , they 're isolated . They have no way of communicating . Further research is required to prove the body 's response to sound on a cellular level . Our brain waves resonate at approximately eight hertz . The same frequency as the earth itself . 420-46 - bravo - 75 to emergency center pick up . 10-1 Mary Taggert fourth sound therapy unit . Transporting patient 555609 , do you read me ? Over . Did you do this ? We should get back . 10-1 Mary Taggert for sound therapy unit.Transporting patient 555609 . Do you read me ? Over . 420-46-Bravo-75 , 1025 out of gas along the coastline . Approximately 60 miles south of the border 10-97 . Need assistance . 420 ... 420-46 , Bravo-75 . Anybody . I 'm going to go out for a while , I 'll be gone , I 'm gonna look for people and ... see what I can find out there . While I 'm gone I 'd like you to listen to this . Can you sit up for a minute ? Here . I 'm just gonna put this on your head , okay ? I 'll be back . - ... 10-40 got a unit ... ( continues indistinct ) - ( indistinct ) ... need everyone . It 's going down . - Oh , my God ... ( indistinct ) Stay back , get away ... You got to put it down , leave it there ... 4015 it is confirmed ... . ( indistinct ) - 7514 - Officers are on the scene over there . - ... where are you ? - August 18th I left Alaska at the camp to see if there are any more around . I saw a house far on the horizon . I came back and Alaska 's gone . The house far away is gone , too . Alaska ! - ... stand by . - Don 't do it ! - Are you okay ? How are you ? - Staying put . You are to maintain radio communication ... - What is going on ? We aren 't able to get any kind of communication . - Are you trapped ? - Alaska ! Alaska ! At night , I never close my eyes . I am waiting for her to come back . We somehow continued to travel north . - Are you alone ? You 're not from around here , are you ? You don 't talk much , do you ? Could you go pick some of those red berries out there ? These waters have come to change the color of this tea . - Hearing affects us . We are typically not without sound . Attempts to stimulate speech have failed . However , tests show that her voice and relevant brain system are intact . Why ? She ... she can hear things . In a different way . But what happened to her , was for a moment , for a while she was erased . - Emergency evacuation . This is not a drill . Please proceed calmly to the nearest exit . We repeat . Please remain calm . Do not panic . Please proceed to the nearest exit . Do not panic . We repeat : do not panic . - Just reel in the line a little bit . So when you cut that off , you start over . Wow ! Oh , there you go . He was a little slippery . Might get him again , though . Do you have enough blueberries to eat ? Did you catch anything in there ? Something you can hang on ? - August twelfth . August sixteenth . August eighteenth . August nineteenth . August twenty-third . August twenty – ninth . - Don 't try to move , you 've been hurt . - Where 's Alaska ? - Hang on , she left a message over here . - In a few hours we cross the boarder and join the others . A rescue team rushed to search the area , but didn 't find a trace of Alaska . Her message was a collection of sounds and had a peculiar effect . I don 't know how to explain it . When I played it to the other patients , they seemed to be moved . They were moved . I 'm posting her recordings along with my notes . I hope that someday they will be deciphered . And the research will continue . The end
