 Previously ... We were in scotland on our second honeymoon . I wanted it to be a dream , but I knew it wasn 't . I 'd seemed to have fallen through time . Seems that the feral cat we picked up on the road Is trying to pull in her claws . Colum 's taking credit for bringing you on as healer to the mackenzies . I doubt he 'll want to see you leave any time soon . I sent jamie to the stables To help old alec with the horses . Best place for him under the circumstances . Dinna want him inside the walls . Jamie needs a woman , not a lassie . And laoghaire will be a lassie until she 's 50 . Mistress beauchamp was just about to tell me Of her unusual upbringing . I 'm sure it 's a good story . She came back through the stones . Aye , she did . They always do . I must escape castle leoch on my own And get back to the stones as soon as possible Or die trying . Gah ! Tonight we feast ! And eat like kings ! You won 't make a meal of me yet ! The beast is getting away ! Something catch your eye there , lassie ? yes , something I 'm not likely to forget in a hurry . Mistress claire . You 've lost your fichu . And you lost your hair ribbon yesterday . So I have . I was so concentrated on escaping you , I didn 't even notice . Are you done with your game , lass ? Soon . The mackenzie didn 't say you could waste the whole day out here . Well , who says we 're done yet ? There 's still lots more to explore . You were right , mistress . This part of the woods is much better than the courtyard Or the other side of the castle . Can I be the boar this time ? I don 't see why not . All right . To the hunt ! Mistress beauchamp ! We 're missing the festivities . It 's nae since I was a bairn we 've had a gathering at leoch . All right . Shall we let these men get to their festivities ? Come on . We can play again tomorrow . Of course . Yay ! All right . Shall we ? The hunting game was more than a pleasant diversion . It allowed me to reconnoiter the terrain around the castle Without suspicion . So far I had found at least two possible escape routes , And left breadcrumbs to mark my way to freedom . eh ? Doubt ye 've ever seen anything as braw as this where yer from , eh ? no . The victory day celebrations in london and paris Far exceeded the gathering of the mackenzie clan In terms of sheer size , But this was something different ... Simple joy , Unencumbered by the trauma of war Or the exhaustion of its end . The mackenzies were simply glad to see one another . Despite my eagerness to leave , My heart lifted whenever I walked through the encampment And a small part of me regretted my imminent escape . I had the entire route mapped out in my head . At night , both windows would be lighted by torch , Beacons to guide me to the breaches in the sentry posts . But I still needed to find distractions For my ever-present shadows . Gentlemen , please do not look , But that woman stirring the bowl over there Seems to fancy one of you . I said don 't look . Oh , aye . She 's a pie-eater , that one . Mmm-hmm . Well , I 'll just be settling my cock to roost in that tonight . Not so fast . We said everra man for himself during the gathering . Aye , we did . But ye ken how much I fancy a hen with a bit of meat . Who doesn 't ? I may be of some assistance . I realize I 'm a captive audience of sorts . But I 'd rather not be subjected To another one of your inane debates . So if you please , pull sticks ? Either one ? Aye . Right . Choose . 'tis all yer wanking gives ye that much speed of hand . I 'll save some pie for ye , hmm ? I now needed to tend to the other elements of my plan . I 'll need to pick a horse for the hunt tomorrow . The lad wants a healer to go along just in case . Oh . Come along . Uncle lamb had taught me to ride During the years we lived in ireland . But that was a long time ago , And I needed to pick a gentle , easy horse . Mistress . There 's no one in need of healing here . I was told I would be needed for the hunt tomorrow . She 'll be wanting a horse , then . I suppose , yes , if I mean to keep up . Most of the horses have been spoken for . I don 't want to be of any trouble . Perhaps mr . Mactavish can help me . Lad 's no here . Best to leave jamie to his own thoughts today , lass . I didn 't know I was a bother to him . I dinna ken if yer a bother or no . That 's for the lad to judge . I 'm just saying it 's best for all concerned If young jamie is left to himself while the gathering 's on . 'tis brimstone . I 'm sure she 'll be all right for yer needs . Brimstone . Sounds ominous . Nah . 'tis like calling a tall man " wee " . She 's no fast , but she 's sweet and can go for days . Only thing is if yer not minding her every moment , She 'll turn for home first chance she gets . I 'll leave you two to get acquainted . There would be no turning for home , Not if I had anything to say about it . â ™ ª the smile in your eyes â ™ ª like the sun after rain â ™ ª to mark the occasion â ™ ª we went out to dine â ™ ª remember the last Brought the port ye asked for . Christ , geillis . Mrs. Fitz told me I might find you down here . Hope I 'm not disturbing ye . No , of course not . I ... I was elsewhere . Thank you . I hope it wasn 't too much trouble . No trouble . We have plenty collecting dust . Something in port makes my husband fart like an ox . Claire . Are you with bairn , then ? Pardon me ? Ye 've quite a stock of food here . Are ye eating for two ? Do you think that 's simply because I have a store here Rather than trudging back and forth to the kitchen ? Perhaps that 's why you 're desperate to get to France ? An illegitimate pregnancy ? I can assure you I 've never been unfaithful to my husband . It 's not unfaithful if he 's dead . Is he ? He 's not alive . So he 's Dead , then . He 's dead . And the two of you never conceived ? No . We never had children . We tried . Mmm . Maybe you 're barren . Well , it doesn 't matter now . See ye have trouble sleeping as well . Valerian root . Hmm . I have trouble sleeping too . But I don 't mash my valerian like that . I boil it whole first . I was wondering about the proper dosage . How much do you take ? It 's not for me . Put it in arthur 's evening tea . Then I sleep like a newborn . Careful , though . Ye have enough there to put a whole army to sleep till the next moon . Thank you . I 'll boil it in the future . When I first came to cranesmuir , All I had was my wits , ye ken ? I had a fairish knowledge of the plants And their good uses . I found a man with a respectable position . Decent house . Some money put away . I know he 's not much to look at , As ye well ken . But that doesn 't trouble me much . I 'm free . Can do whatever I please . You seem to have built quite the comfortable life for yourself . Hmm . Sometimes ye find yerself on a path you never expected . Doesn 't mean it can 't lead you to a bonny place . I 'd love to stay and chat , geillis , But I still have so much to do and prepare for the hunt . Oh , the hunt . That must be what yer preparing for . Of course . The highlands are no place for a woman to be alone . You 'd do well to remember that . See you later at the oath-taking ? Are ye sure ? Promise . Careful . Promise is a serious thing in this country . Mine , too . Later tonight , all the fighting men of the mackenzie clan Would gather in the hall And make their oaths of allegiance to colum . No one would be watching the stables . I was almost ready . Tonight would be my one and only chance To escape leoch and return to craigh na dun . I knew how I might dodge my shadows . I had my mount and my provisions . Now all I lacked was a weapon , should I need it . Claire . Yer no wearing that to the ceremony , are ye , lass ? The ceremony ? I assumed a sassenach wouldn 't be welcome At such an important event . Don 't be silly . Yer colum 's personal guest . Ye must attend . I 'm not dressed for the occasion . Oh , we 'll see to that straightaway . I 'd hate to put you out . We 'd better hurry now . The beginning of the oath-taking is the best part . How do I look ? Lovely . At first I thought mrs . Fitz 's intervention would disrupt my plans , But then I realized that with her at my side as a proper escort , My shadows would be less vigilant As I moved through the castle . I needed them to relax , To let down their guard and enjoy the festivities If I was to distract them later . Glenna . Iona . I see you have the place looking bright as a new pin . Oh , that lovely dress again . Ye wore it so well to the last gathering . Murtagh . The mackenzie 's welcoming the men to leoch . He hopes they had easy journeys . Shh ! Also hopes that never a day will come When the clan 's fighting men will have to draw iron , But if they do ... Aye ! He couldn 't hope for a better lot Than stands before him today to defend the clan 's honor . It is a right daft soul that would challenge the mackenzies , Weapons or no . And he 's proud to be called their laird . I swear , By the cross of our lord jesus christ , And by the holy iron that I hold , To give ye my fealty And to pledge ye my loyalty To the name of clan mackenzie . And if ever I shall raise my hand against ye in rebellion , I ask that this holy iron Shall pierce my heart . I swear By the cross of our lord jesus christ , And by the holy iron that I hold , To give ye my fealty And pledge ye my loyalty . Are they all the same , the oaths ? Aye . Oh , well . If you 've seen one , then . ... That this holy iron shall pierce my heart . Congratulations . Interesting ceremony . But I 've seen enough . Shall we go ? No . Whoa . Where are we going ? Back to the surgery . I have to prepare the supplies for the hunt tomorrow . Dedicated , are ye , now ? Well , I dinna ken how ye celebrate in oxfordshire , Or wherever it is ye cry home , But I 'm not missing the gathering , Biding with ye down in yer hole . Suit yourself , but I 'm going . Well , dougal 's standing orders are to stay with ye . Mistress . Can ye see fit to stay ? At least ... Until I bag a lass for the evening ? Fine . If I must . May as well join in . Now , that 's more in the spirit . Hmm ? That 's not rhenish . Mmm . It 's port . Very expensive . Port . 'tis very strong . 'tis . I canna seem to keep my legs . It 's a sedative . Is that spanish ? Go . Don 't let me keep you . Some lucky lady awaits . Take the wine . Share it with all your friends . The more unconscious clansmen tonight , The better . Ooh ! Ye rascals ! I 'll have yer hand ! laoghaire , you startled me . I 'm sorry , mistress beauchamp . It 's claire . Aye . Is there something I can do to help you ? Oh , aye , um ... If ... If I can trouble ye for a wee favor ? You 're not injured , are you ? No , no , I 'm braw . Um ... Well , I was wondering if You had a potion That might open a lad 's heart to a lassie . I 'm not sure I know what you mean . Ye ken , a potion , Or maybe a brew of some kind That would help a lad ... A love potion ? Oh , no , I dinna mean to offend ye , mistress . I just had it in mind that ... Well , ye aid so many with your healing That maybe ye have something in yer keen knowledge That could help a lass hold a lad 's attention . Mr. Mactavish ? Well , you didn 't appear to need much assistance The last time I saw you two together . Well , not for that . It 's for moving his heart forward . Wait there . Dried horse dung . Harmless if a bit pungent . Jamie would never know the difference . Perfect . Here . Sprinkle the contents of this at his threshold . Stand outside the door , Tap your heels together three times , And recite , " there 's no place like love , there 's no place like love . " Thanks to ye Claire . Good luck . Past the storeroom on the right . Avoid the kitchen . Through the east wing , Then make for the north stairs . What the devil ? Thank you . I should go . I shouldn 't be here . Aye . Ye shouldna be here . But since ye are , There 's a penalty to pay for that . Get ye gone , lass . Before ye pay a greater price . I had to focus and forget about the incident with dougal . 15 paces towards the well . Keep to the northwest to avoid the sentry , Who usually faces south . Brimstone is on the right , Fourth stall from the doorway . Jesus h . Roosevelt christ . No , sassenach . Just me . How far did ye think ye 'd get , lass , On a dark night with a strange horse , With half the mackenzie clan after ye by morning ? Won 't be after me . They 're all up at the hall . And if one in five of them Is sober enough to stand in the morning , Let alone ride a horse , then I 'll be most surprised . Running away on a whim just because the men are drunk ? " on a whim " ? You know I 've wanted to leave here for weeks . And I know exactly how many sentry posts surround the castle . And I know how to make my way through the forest And find the road back to inverness . Well , that 's a verra sound plan , sassenach . Or would be , Did colum not post extra guards through the woods tonight . He 'd hardly leave the castle undefended , And the fighting men of the clan inside it . I 'm going anyway . The best trackers in the clan are here . They 'll catch ye . Colum will not be calling ye a guest after that . I don 't care . I need to leave this place . As you so plainly stated , I 'm an outlander , just a sassenach . If I offended ye , I 'm sorry , claire . I know you didn 't mean it like that . It 's just ... I 've been planning this escape for some time , And to have all my hopes shot to hell just in a moment , it 's ... Come along . I 'll take you back up to the castle . I don 't think that 's a very good idea . I had an encounter with some drunken clansmen in the corridor . They dinna touch ye now ? I can 't go back . Dougal and I were in the corridor Near the kitchen and ... He was being forward with me , And I may have walloped him over the head with a chair or something , And I think he 's unconscious . Was he drunk ? Very . Well ... I doubt verra much he 'll remember that . And even if he does , I doubt he 'll be in a rush to bruit That a lass got the better of him . Knocked him out cold , huh ? I didn 't exactly stick around to examine him . Well , I hope ye left a good mark So he remembers his error in judgment . 'tis fine , sassenach . Come . This isn 't the way back in . Where are we going ? There 's an opening to a hidden tunnel . Found it playing as a bairn . Here , careful . Brings us out under the cellar . Thank you . For seeing me back safely . No , lass . It 's me that should be thanking you , For all yer healing of my scratches . God 's eyes . If it 's not the young lad , Colum 's nephew . Come late to the oath-taking , are ye not ? Ye don 't want to miss your turn in front of himself . Na , let me go and change first at the cottage . I 'm not decent going to the oath-taking like this . Don 't worry yourself about that , laddie . We will outfit you proper inside . Can I keep the lassie for myself ? Let the lady go ! Are ye all right ? Watch out ! Ye dinna have to hit me so hard . I was willing to come . Aye , But I dinna want ye maiming half the clan While ye were making up yer mind . Got the rest of yer clothes , jamie . Well , that should be suitable For the laird 's nephew . You 'll be needing this . " luceo non uro . " " I shine , not burn . " Aye , the mackenzie motto . I 'm sorry . Didn 't mean for you to have to stand up for me . Don 't fuss yourself on my account . How 's your head ? Fine . My sister jenny says it 's harder than an iron pot . I canna wear this . I 'm not a mackenzie . Do ye know my motto , lass ? My clan 's , I mean ? No . I don 't even know what clan you 're from . Je suis prest . Find a place in the hall . Je suis prest . " I am ready . " But ready for what ? Jamie 's here . why is everyone so tense ? Shh ! What 's going on ? Shh . Why ? I 'll tell ye . If jamie pledges fealty to his uncle , colum , Then he 'd be in line to succeed as laird . He 'd be part of clan mackenzie , ye see ? Why wouldn 't hamish become laird ? If he 's too young , then dougal ? That may be the way the english do things . But clans are tanist . Jamie has mackenzie blood . If enough clansmen want jamie to be laird , Then there it would be , And a terrible thing at that . Mr. Mactavish seems like a good choice to be laird . His other uncle , dougal , Might disagree with ye on that point , lass . He 's been holding the honor for himself when colum dies . If jamie takes the oath , Dougal wouldna let him breathe mackenzie air for long . So why doesn 't he just decline to take the oath ? Not while he abides at leoch . As the laird 's nephew And as a healthy man at arms , he has no choice . If before all jamie refuses , The maids would likely be scrubbing The lad 's blood from the floor at colum 's feet . So no matter what he decides , he winds up dead ? Why stay at the castle ? Why didn 't he just leave if both his uncles Would have his head on a pike ? The lad 's got a price on his head . Would not be long before captain randall or the watch Had him in irons . The only safe place in scotland is here at leoch . Until now . If jamie had just stayed hidden Till the gathering was over , Colum and dougal wouldna pressed the matter any further . So leaving the stables to escort me back ... Oh , god , this is all my fault . Aye ... It is . Colum mackenzie , I come to you as kinsman And as ally . But I give ye no vow . For my oath is pledged to the name that I bear . I give you my obedience as kinsman ... And as laird . And I hold myself bound to yer word , So long as my feet rest on the lands Of the clan mackenzie . Whoo ! You 're too old for this . 'tis a braw day for a boar tynchal , is it not ? It 's quite the show of force for a pig hunt . It 's a boar . Oh , of course . 20 men armed with spears and muskets . Seems about right to kill one hairy pig . You 've plainly never seen one then . Get yer mount . Time to go . Mistress claire ! Serves you right . What 'd you expect the poor animal to do With you barbarians chasing it ? Did you forget their tusks could be lethal ? Bring him back up to the castle , And tell mrs . Fitz to give him some hot broth and some blankets . It 'll need to be stitched , But I don 't have any sterile tools here . So he 'll be all right then ? Yes , you 'll have a limp . Score one for the pig . Maybe next time you 'll think about going fishing . All right , take him back now . Lass . Wait for me . Wait ! where are you ? Now then . Now then , geordie , now then . You 're gonna be all right . I 've got you , man , okay ? You 'll be all right . Dougal , is it bad ? You 'll be fine . You 're gonna be fine . It wasn 't spurting , Which meant the femoral artery wasn 't cut . So there was a good chance I could stop the bleeding at the thigh . Will I lose my leg ? No . No , you won 't . But that would only allow him to linger in increasing agony . The wound to his abdomen Was fatal . Here . A better death , perhaps , was what dougal was giving him ... To die cleanly under this sky , His heart 's blood staining the same leaves Dyed by the blood of the beast that killed him . Dougal , man . Aye , I 'm here . I need to know , After we raided the clan macdonald And stole the 20 kine from under their noses ... Aye , I remember . We held up at florrach for days . But we ate well , no ? Aye . Aye , we did for sure . Tell me here now , man . Did you bed my sister doreen ? Aye . I did bed her . But , you know , she was a bonnie lass . I ken it . You always could charm the lasses . Shh . It will be better soon . The pain will be gone soon . It feels better now . I canna feel my leg anymore , dougal . My hands neither . Dougal , are you there , man ? I 'm here , I 'm here , I 'm here . I 've got you . Geordie ... Tell me about your home . It 's near a wide glen , Not far from loch fannich . What 's it like there ? I 'll wager it 's beautiful . Ah , ' tis . In the spring ... Yes ? The heather 's so thick , Ye can walk across the tops without touching the ground . That sounds lovely . Wish I could be there now . Oh , you 'll be there soon , lad . Aye . Will ye stay with me ? Aye . Yes . there you are . There . Get the ball ! Pass it ! Pass it ! I taught you this game , lad . That ye did . Murtagh ! Didn 't look very fair . That 's twice ye caught me napping . Yield ! What would you think of me if I did ? Not much . Play fair now . Aah ! Ye taught me well . Aye . Too well . Did we win ? My escape attempt thwarted ... I was faced with the terrifying possibility That I was destined to stay in this dungeon forever . I wasn 't ready to give up , But I needed time to come up with another plan . You 've seen men die before And by violence . Yes . Many of them . Ye 've done a fine job here as healer . Mrs. Fitz would have ye sit for a portrait If it was up to her . And , uh , I wanted to thank you personally For what you did for poor geordie up there on the hunt . In truth , I did nothing . I wish I could have helped him . Ye did . Ye took him to a peaceful place , And that 's all any of us can ask when we pass . So ... Thank you . You 're welcome . If there 's nothing else , you 'll have to excuse me . I 've a lot to do here in my dungeon . Well , That 's why I 'm here , lass , To set ye free from this dank room . What do you mean ? You 're coming on the road . " on the road " ? I 'm leaving tomorrow , and I 'm taking you with me . Taking me where ? Traveling through mackenzie lands , collecting rents . Colum doesna travel , So visiting the tenants and tacksmen That can 't come to the gathering , that falls to me , And attending to a wee bit of business here and there . But why me ? I think it would be wise To have a healer along , Especially one that does well under strain . And there 's a lot of that on the road . So that 's the business settled . Mrs. Fitz will have supper ready , And ye don 't want to incur her wrath by coming late . We leave at first light . As the confines of the castle walls Faded behind me like a bad dream , I took my first full breath in weeks . I had no idea where this journey would lead me , What opportunity might present itself . I could only hope it would bring me closer To the standing stones of craigh na dun . If so , I was determined to reach them , Knowing this time I must not fail .
