 In the 22 th century , the orbital space has become seriously polluted . Collisions with debris can paralyze space travel for months . The orbital station 8518 Queen It has the task of keeping clean the routes of spaceflight The job is low-level The station members are not astronauts They are simple garbage collectors [ Antarctica ] [ Transfer Institute quantum ] " Blended Space " - Shuttle Antarctic 9 - This the orbital traffic control center - Your flight plan is not registered - Please answer - Shuttle Antarctic 9 - You are approaching a debris field - Orbital Station 8518 Queen - You 're waiting for some shuttle ? - Here Queen Station - Right now the shuttle 23 has just downloaded the technician For the repair of our main Computer - No matter - The shuttle has just disappeared from the radar - Probably a problem of sensors If He with fruit , vegetables or other types of food ? No Fever , stuffy nose , chills ? No Good morning You are .. .. the Captain Bal .. Balvenie ? Thirty 00 : 02 : 53.110 ... 00 : 02 : 54,390 Call me Anton . We 're pretty informal here Jimmy Anderson , United Spaces Work on a space station by 2147 Allergic to Pollen Ohhh level 5 grid 9 I have to leave ? You can be of help I 'll let you work Is my first job in orbit Well , we 'll give you some advice The work here never ends Fields of debris continue to appear And someone has to take care of destroying them To ensure safe routes to shuttle you understand me ? Sure Chief Is not " head " Is " Captain " Excuse me Try to end up the 0-800 Zulu I do not pay overtime Oh , and in any case Would be able to adjust the food dispenser ? Oh well probably What would be the problem ? Distributes only sandwich Sara his next job , After repairs the mainframe . 2 minutes to exercise I repeat : two minutes to exercise I 'm sorry What is the terminal that does not work You are Lieutenant Tilda Jenero Does not need to talk to her Ok Even the coffee machine does not work . The can fix ? Why not , maybe after mainframes Blablablabla ... The trim ! What is your problem ! ? I said " What is your problem ! ? " Well ... you can not hear me because of the headphones .. I can hear Ok I asked for a transfer Even with this history Val ! On a transport in deep space Just to see the Galaxy Always the same Well by So I realize what I 'm missing And then maybe back Us and what we will do ? And I ? It is because of last night ? I told you Was the fault of the sandwich with eggs You know that I do not eat eggs It was not the egg Because sex ? No , that was ok So what 's the problem ? - Cleaning Station Queen - The unregistered Navicella Antarctic reappeared on the monitors - As we told you - There is a high probability of colliding with debris Control Base do not collect any debris - Regina , check again It must be a mistake of your sensors - Negative , the debris appears to be class 2 or 3 - Destroy it with the beam proton Is too large for the beam proton if it were really classy 3 You know this ! - What they want ? There is a direct freighter here is no danger of collision Hmmm ... It looks too small to be destroyed by laser It 's probably a false alarm is what I told him Do you want to give a look to the sensors ? No ! I want you to get back to work ! OK I am the captain of the Balvenie station Queen 8518 Who the hell is he saying to my operations officer how to do his job ? - Captain the ... Our main computer is turned off for maintenance - A moment - The Antarctic station informs me that now is a rough emergency situation This is not his problem The manual says that it is too small to be destroyed by laser So it is too small to be destroyed Why does not read his handbook Why am I arguing with them ? Where is Valentina ? It is not his turn ? Valentina in the control room , immediately Valentina in the control room , immediately - Why not use the module to intercept the debris Why do not you use the module for a Class debris 2 Regina cleaning station , over and out . Idiots He said to use the Unit for a Class 2 detritus ! ? Is there by chance a place I can eat a sandwich ? I 'm hungry . Ohhh Would you like a sandwich You know what I wish ? My computer repaired ! So repair it ! Sure Anton Is " Captain Balvenie " for you What happens ? Everything is alright ? Detected a collision Detected a secondary explosion Debris class 6 ! Many ! There are other rescue teams in the field - Rescue Team Delta 1 and Tango 3 Intercept debris immediately - Rescue Team Delta Tango 1 and 3 ... . - Maybe need aid is involved Do you think there may be something of value ? I bet I say to you Trace a trajectory and posizionaci for the launch of the POD Check the Check-List Tells Valentina to join me in the chamber depressurization 2 I am going fishing ! - Valentina . Go to the room depressurization 2 unhook the recovery module What is this story How does the recovered material ? The split with the crew ? Three equal parts Will be four hours Because I 'm the fourth You are not registered in our crew Where is the record sheet ? Right I 'll check later ... So we divide into three parts the booty ? Of course , There 's no way I divide it even with the new guy That is the new space suit Well I arrived before I And you stand the heat better Well ... Well ... There is nothing wrong in the other spacesuits Still I do not care I just washed ! I said it 's okay ! Why they were so worried ? There must be something of value They were going crazy for whatever was inside in that shuttle And what you were inside ? I do not know But it must be something good . There is something the top Yes , I see him Recuperiamolo - Cleaning Module not go near the debris field - The area will be dealt with by another team - Do not go near the debris field - Is not a safe area Control Base This is our field We must keep it clean There are shuttles that have to pass here today - Negative depart See ? Really they want what was in that shuttle There must be something of value You 've got one for me ! ? Vegetables ? Instead of ham You took the clean overalls . Get the ham ! There are many buttons I have to manage a recovery operation I think I 'll come back later For a chat Ok we loads We unload this burden , and we 're going to take yet Received I close the door Closed door Oh , apparently there is a source of energy in the rubble I have seen We will have to disable the security checks Ok we still have two minutes To ensure the load Do you hear that noise ? I do not know a time ! All sensors do not work Where is the debris field ? Where did everything else ? ! - Tilda ! You can communicate with the ground station ? You feel control of Base ? Control Base ! ? No sensors There 's something wrong Ok - something happened - We arrived back You know it seems to me Hold the microphone too close to your mouth Really ? ! - You should stay at 8 - 10 cm I worked in a supermarket And I have explained it Why did the ads New Boy Shut up ! OK You are able to communicate with the ground station ? Do not respond , on any channel You have seen that bright light ? Of course , I can still see her Was a solar flare ? I do not know I do not think Have you made a good catch ? Who told you to take a break ? ! Um , nobody You are well ? It You can go and check what we have recovered Do you need anything else ? Let me report within 10 minutes Fuck Who the hell are you ? [ Recycling ] Tilda ? Ohh aah I 'm sorry ! It 's the laundry ? I 'm confused , I thought it was the server room And I heard a scream coming from here I 'm sorry Sorry if I stared And still did not see anything Now I go back to look for the server room I 'm sorry I did not mean What is it ! ? ! Hey ! You have forgotten your ... your boots [ Mainframe computer ] Wendy ? Good morning jimmy Where is the laundry ? Department C By chance Tilda has a boyfriend ? - Jimmy . How are the repairs ? ! - Jimmy ? - Intercom Jimmy ! Anton ? - You have ? " £ $ % / ! " £ $ % ( ) $ problem of mainframes - ? " £ $ % / ! " £ $ % / " = ( ) $ / % $ ' ( ) report I can not figure out what ... - ? " £ $ % / ! " £ $ % / " = ( ) $ / % $ go go Received ! Wendy ? [ Manual ] This is the Queen cleaning station orbital Western alliance Someone get this message ? Please answer This is the Queen cleaning station Please answer Hey what are you doing ? ! I 'm trying to figure out what you 're doing wrong You have already repaired the main computer ? Oh here 's the problem ... It seems that it takes a bit ' more than expected And also I have to order some parts There is nothing out there - I do not think that will happen is right Probably a communication problem We have a communication problem right now I 'm trying to explain that there is nothing out there Wendy we need to do a complete analysis Excuse me a moment ... Are you saying that there is nothing out there ? Because nobody told me ! ? I ... I have to come back to earth ! Oh ? One thing that will not happen anytime soon That ! ? We 're stuck ! ? 2 minutes remain beetle I repeat : two minutes to the beetle . Hey , That 's not a word We have to play really ? ! We have to stick to the program The program says beetle How is the sandwich Is really good Oh Really ? Guess what will be for breakfast tomorrow ? Oh ? What is there ? Sandwich Tell me one thing Jimmy Is there a special person waiting for you on the ground ? I , I have a girl You really a girl ? There 's a girl ... who is my friend And I 'm going to ask him Are you really friends ? We 've known each other I know her Then then ... mutually Time 's a point less Hey , Tilda you like a sandwich ? Cheese and onions in vinegar ! What are you looking ! ? What is looking ! ? 15 seconds over the limit Compose a word I 'm composing a word Make a decision ! I do not take a hasty decision and stupid as some people do ! Leaving you was not a hasty decision ! It ' something totally inexplicable ! For you two need a moment , it 's obvious ! No you sit ! We are playing scrabble ! What was that ? That was an impact ! The pressure is ok Check the " CNW3 " Jimmy Ok ... ? I 'm not sure what I should check ! ? Orbital position Jimmy ! The orbital position is ... The other Jimmy console ! Aha ! Um ... Ok ! found . Other parameters in accordance with the orbital position is ... Stable ! Damage after the collision ? I 'm checking Let 's see what What is it ? An asteroid But he did not damage It looks like a ... ohhh Is Small And Yellow ! It 's almost here Taken ! It is perhaps your duck ? It looks like a lot It crashed on the outer hull How could she be out there Exactly Why do not you explain it to me ? What ? Where are you going ! ? How strange How many have you had these ? Only A Mmmm Funny Why they are identical Why do you deny that it is your own ! Why not ! Hey ! Not identical A is V + G And the other is " G + V " Where did you get it ? She was a gift What 's Tilda ! ? Do you know something about it ? Tilda ? He said something today ? Not to me It has something weird Mmmm I do not think 2 minutes before going to sleep I repeat : two minutes before going to sleep . 2 minutes at breakfast I repeat : 2 minutes to breakfast . Your shift starts in ten minutes [ Access Denied ] Hello Tilda How long you been in orbit ? You 're right ... I 'm still getting used It is not ... As exciting as I always thought There are good things here , right After what has happened to the land What do you think happened to the land ? You know I am testing the circuit ... Looking for a memory error Well .. Wow ... Why do not you say anything ? Anton I fixed the computer - I 'm coming Hey listen ... I know you 're looking for something And I can help you if you just tell me what Have you repaired ! ? Already fantastic It was now ! Wendy ? Oh , is restarting so ... er A moment ... [ Wendy ] Wendy , answer me Good morning Captain Why is me talking to a man 's voice ? The women 's voice was better fix it up Wendy status information Several systems are not functioning Including the communication system and the vector processor Records show that there has been a collision Oh it was a rubber duck Well done Jimmy Wendy can communicate with the ground station ! ? No Answer , The intermediate station is not responding A first analysis does not give results Wendy , What has happened to us ? Aggiustalo ! I know , I think Tilda can help me No problem I do not need at the moment Tilda , helps Jimmy O go well that 's okay Hey Tilda We should work on your attitude ! I am the only one who tries to keep the pieces together on this station You know what Jimmy She is alone in the lead . Hey Tilda Can not sleep ? Want to play Scrabble ? What is happening to us ? ... And that rubber duck ? ... Anton is ... I think you 're crazy To be honest , at times , you seem a little ' far But you know ... I just think ... You 're going about your way [ Invader ] [ unknown ] [ board ] [ Danger ] Woah ! Ooh Words must be crossed I scared ? Jimmy ? Why I am everywhere And I 'm keeping an eye on you ! It 's my uniform ? Who told you that you can wear my uniform I had no other clothes You can not have a uniform You can not just wear one Take it off ! And wash it ! Carefully And you ! Change attitude Why is it so special for the That rubber duck ? Why always keep with you Only pleasant memories Ohh ! Pleasant Yes ! Is there a problem ? Well More pleasant or less pleasant memories of me ? Not everything revolves around you ! Anton ! I andarme from this station I wanted to get off this train even before we were stuck here ! I have to change air are Sickened by this place So you support this duck Has nothing to do with your decision to leave ? It has nothing to do with Gary Oh so it has a name , Gary ! Who is this Gary ? What Gary has done to date ? You stayed in touch with Gary ? Do not feel Gary for years ! It was just a friend It seems that you had a good collection of bath toys ! None of your business ! You and I We separated ! Are we ? Since when ? Wendy ? You can identify me ? You are the specialized space engineer Jimmy Anderson You are the balance Your favorite color is Blue Your favorite dish is the chocolate cake Ok It seems that the crew data is back online You Jimmy , so I 'm glad you 've noticed Why did a man 's voice ? I am operating with standard settings for the communication interface Anton will hate Do you want to select different settings for the communication protocol ? No , no , That 's okay Oh , hey Can I show the on-board video recordings What is making Tilda Tilda is accessing the English language simulation module Why are women so complicated This is not in my database Wendy Have you ever been in love ? I love to be the main frame of the Queen Station You have not placed your voice ? It seems locked What is the male version for Wendy ? Winston ? Walter ? Walter ! Hey you know I knew a boy named Wendy But I do not think it was his real name ... We called him " Wendi " His real name was " Wendo " It is probably the male version of Wendy Why has the " O " instead of " I " Have you finished ? Yes - mmmm Wendy from now on we 'll call Walter Walter 's Walter , Answer My name is Wendy Oh ! Hey , hey I do not think this will hold power converter And I have here a spare Try looking in the store the recovered material will probably find something you can use Storage of recovered material Ok Now Oh ! It ... My name ... Is Wendi Where did you get this ? Wendy ? What we have on the professional career of Valentina ? All data are online Have you ever worked with someone named " Gary " ? Valentina worked with Professor Gary Pinback You to transport basic quantum Antarctic Who is this Gary Pinback ? The professor Pinback He was an expert in the theory of transport trans-dimensional Ok Ok well I want to know is how is it ? Do you know She had so many girls ? How it is physically ? It 's nice ? Statistical data ... Doctors Reports ? Pictures ? ! Do you have his picture ? A shirtless To beach maybe O data of ... On his Anatomy Oh ... Just like a donkey Is athletic ? It is more athletic than me ? The professor Pinback theorized the opportunity to travel Across dimensions and time , in parallel universes Had not much charm ! ? Not so sexy Too much math A theory of Professor Gary Pinback could explain The absence of life outside of the space station How long Gary and Valentina have been working together ? About three years Have you ever traveled together ? This information is not archived You know what Wendy ? ! You are completely useless Completely useless and really stupid I 'm sorry Captain Course It six sorry , right . Valentina ! Valentina ! Yes ! Anton ! Dining room ! Immediately ! 2 minutes at lunch I repeat : two minutes at lunch . How 's Tilda ? Since these strange events began You have never spoken And you 've never eaten You 've noticed Because I know things Because I 'm the captain And you have not even slept And I can see that you are deeply troubled by what is happening . And frankly Tilda ... I am a little ' disappointed that you have not resisted I mean You 're an officer trained I understand that things are difficult But you know we 've been through worse situations All it takes is a positive attitude Tries to smile once in a while You can do that ? Tilda ? " Let a Smile Be Your Umbrella " [ Title of a song ] Do not answer me , Tilda ? You have found the time cube What ? This ... is this ? It is a time cube ? We have to ensure that it is not activated What ... What are you going to turn ? Because it was on when I found I , I have not done anything . What the hell is happening ? All life on Earth has just ended . I lived right on the ground yesterday . Oh Great ! Anton ! Is blaming me for this ? It How can it be my fault ? If you would have told me that Tilda now talk Why speak with you and not with me ? Calm down now I am calm Why are you angry with me ! ? Why are you excluding Perhaps if you spent a little 'more time in the control room And less time in your bathroom You would know what is happening E ! However I know you and Gary were more than just friends . How do you know ? He told me Wendy Ooh . This is a privacy invasion Oh then it is true ! I knew it ! You are a disgusting cow ! What is it ? This is a generator of the quantum transfer flow cronotronico Really ? It is the most dangerous machine ever created . Oh ! Is Beautiful Just like you Let 's forget about this story of Gary for a moment Maybe you were lovers Maybe you were just friends , no matter What matters is that it is the past and you 're with me now Then ... Let 's stop this stupid fight You 're right Anton Well It makes no sense to fight with those who have shit for brains The little prick gutless Stupid stinky Without a little ' taste Charm , and personal hygiene . Your feet stink And inhumanly hairy and sweaty And rub them against me at night like a stray cat A filthy fur ball It releases a lot of gas when you sleep And the room is filled with a smell of shit Stuffy Breathe with your mouth And you .. Grugnisci when you go to the bathroom All ship can hear you It looks like you 're going through a dead star 's ass Anton ! I am angry at myself for being stuck in the station with you I understand that you do not go to speak now Well I 'm going to change me Then I 'm going to drink a cup of coffee Come find me when you 're ready . I am a robot You 're what ? Oh ouch ! Ouch ! Ouch ! Ok Ok OK Just please They run DC Do it again Wow ! Ouch ! As an electrical outlet ! Ahhh oh eehh It is fantastic ... [ Warning Off System ] Oh , hey ! Tilda is a robot No it 's not I 'm glad to see that you talk back I had never spoken before today Where I come from there is no need to talk We all have heard about you ! - I come from a parallel universe - Since when ? It 's okay Tilda , Tell him what you told me Someone went through the size Creating a destruction of galactic dimensions Our land was completely destroyed We have found that this station is the connection point with the dimensional breaking We only had a chance What I came here and that should replace Tilda And to make sure that the time the cube was not activated My station is the connection point ! ? We have not activated anything You have turned on you ? Hey ! There is a number pad that I had not noticed It puts the Cube Thunderstorm You were the one to turn it on ? No ! Ok ! ? What What ... what ... What exactly happened When I found it was switched on It is everything . When I did fall . Well , I mean ... Something that can happen to all I fell , I collected and it was ok Was identical to when I then found the crash was irrelevant But it was still active So the answer to the question is No . I have not done anything Wendy ? What is the problem ? I detected dangerous power fluctuations in the control room Jimmy had not repaired ? Sure ! It must be something new ! Val ! He goes to see what is happening ! Why me ? You wanted to be more involved ! ? Now you are ! Excellent ! Keep an eye on robots I 'm sorry Normal and Normal 5 of 5 Anton ? Tell me Val ! It seems that it was a false alarm - Okay , thanks - False alarm , exactly as I thought What the hell is this ! Please do not run away ! My legs ! I 'm short ! It hurts ! Valentina It is painful to exist I should not be here ! What Cazz ... I 'm stuck in a trans-dimensional rift Through 12 dimensions . Do not run away ! What do you want ? I must return to my size ! I need my time cube Valentina , I am ! Gary ! My God , you 're beautiful Gary ? It I am Are you telling You came here to replace our Tilda To not allow someone to use the time cube But that someone is not here And what has happened to our Tilda ? There was a indicente And she 's around here somewhere ? No So a member of my crew is missing Things have not gone according to plan Could not explain it to Tilda Professor Pinback is not here as we 'd expected Yes , I 've already told A moment Professor Gary Pinback ? It Is he to expect to find on this station ? It Son of a Bitch What happened to you Gary ? An accident The storm cube has opened while running away And they were routed by the cross-dimensional vortex In this stupid body I was trying to come here for you For me ? I promised you that one day I would have given the world I have come to keep that promise I can take away from all this Gary was many years ago ! Until I will open the storm cube I will continue to bleed stuck between the size I do not know what I 'll turn ! Looks Painful Is Very Painful ! Valentina I need your help ! We have not much time Gary ! ? What the hell is happening now ! ? Thus begins It is now too late Well ! I go into the control room You keep an eye on ... the robot ! Good ? If that son of a bitch is on my station The fight . You two do not move Hey hey hey What is the problem The storm cube is activated , There is no way to stop it Infiniti universes will be destroyed Until last week I had never been in orbit People said that Jimmy had no stomach Who had the right preparation But I hung tough And I paid $ 150 for a boy to have a fake certificate And now look at me ! I have made the impossible possible The other Tilda I did not kill her I know Let 's check the cameras Wendy And we find this Gary OK Aahia ! You 're cute I 'm glad you can talk There is one thing you could not say before What ? We can not trust in Valentina What is happening ? I do not know , the controls do not respond Gary is on the station ! What ? Have you spoken to the case ? No Wendy What other people besides me are on the station ? Jimmy Anderson is on the station In addition to Jimmy No Anton Where the hell is hiding ? What are you up to ? Anton Calm down ! I do not know what you 're talking about ! Who told you that Gary is the station ? Tilda He also said to be a robot ! Do you believe everything you 're told ? Gary brought you another duck If you want other answers go from robots Well ! I 'll start with you ! Probably she has been to damage the control system And one last thing We should no longer leave her alone with the cube . What is special about this cube ? ! Jimmy ! Go with Tilda to the computer room And try to restore the system We are just in the computer room now I told you not to move ! OK Do you know what is happening here ? I do not know , but we have little time How long it is " soon " ? Hours Anton There is something wrong Check the air pressure ! Anton ! - Thing ! ? ! Oh ... I have not been completely honest Oooh Gary is on board Where it is what you bastard ? And how did you pick him up ? Really ... I 've brought you I did get I ? And when I did get ! ? The only serves his time cube ! To return to our original size and fix everything Of course all he wants is the time cube It is absolutely not interested in you ! Gary is the only one who can send back home What the hell ! ? Anton ! Anton , please The scare It ? Hey ! Hey kid ! No Do not be scared We will not hurt What the hell is that thing ? You Gary Is Gary ? That thing ? Ok Anton ! NO ! How strange ! ? Battery ! ? I would have ... it is your job to load the Blaster ! I 'll I asked ! Reloading ! " Valentina I want my Blaster loads " Jesus ! It is too much to ask ! ? Reload the Blaster ! ? ! Where ! ? Where is he gone ! ? It 's really cool to be an old man ! I told you to be careful ! Why do not you tell me I tried There How 's your head ? It hurts ! You knew what was that thing before I take her on board ? Of course not You saw what he did ! ? He was scared ! How can you be sure ? Do you see it ? No Wooo Anton Stop ! It will make him too bad I just want to rebalance the challenge Rightly so , at least we 'll be even . What are you doing ! ? What are you doing ! What happened to you in the head ? ! I was attacked by a rubber ducky ! 2 minutes to dinner What ? I repeat : two minutes at lunch . So it 's kind of animal ! ? Yes E becomes increasingly large How big ? The size of a small dog like a maybe Carlino And bites ... Very strong ! What do we have ? Mmmmm Butter Carrots Okra ( Gumbo ) May God help us ! Ham ! My ! I ' ll take it ! We checked with Wendy and it seems that Gary is on board . Right ? Gary is the duck ! How ? Oh , I 'm sure that Valentina has something to tell us I do not know all the facts ! Please Explain by The storm cube brought him here through the duck It was an accident Ok .. A moment This is what Gary Tilda says that destroyed the earth ? It 's the duck ? It You on the station It is part man part duck And partly do not know what And we will kill him . This is how we help you ? He tried to suck face ! It 's changing , was not mentally polished She is the only person able to put things in place If only we gave him the time cube It 's not here to help us ! But you will ? I agree with Tilda this time You Me too ! No one asked you Jimmy ! Ok ... I 'm sorry Val Plan A We capture Gary We have to assume that he is sabotaging certain ship Jimmy , you and Tilda go to work on Wendy I like ! If we can locate him We can close the doors and trap him ! Yes ! Val and I are going to hunt the duck ! Are you with me ! ? No ! You said yourself you can not think ! Do not give him the time cube Is exactly how the problems started Hey Do you have any weapons ! ? All of them ! Get one ! From the real weapons ? ! As a laser or other ! ? The laser is broken . Take ... just got 2 ... And this I 'll take Gary ? Gary ? What will you do when you find him ? Well before ... . I 'll ask him to stop destroying my space station Is it reasonable ? You And then I 'll kill him ! As hard as I can ! Jimmy , wait WOA wuuu ... Jimmy , are you okay ? Hey you ... Crazy Jimmy I have a headache But ... Not a bad headache Is a good but head It is not just my head ... is the whole body I 'm sorry No , it 's okay In my dimension we have other ways to express your feelings Very different , but equally interesting If you want me to show them I 'll be happy to do it Jimmy we have little time . Yes you are right . Power is okay We need to locate the damaged circuits They could be anywhere between here and the control room Gary must have done something Control with Wendy What are you gonna do ? Turn around ! Ok Do not look What are you doing ? I 'm accessing the secondary system No I mean what are you doing with the RS-232 cable ? Hello Tilda Hello Wendy The logical processor is active All systems work The control interface is disabled It has been the duck Gary What did you do ? Look ! The orbit has been altered To enter the atmosphere How much time do we have ? About 28 minutes Anton The intercom is deactivated We have to go to the control room You 're right Anyway You really have to give me some explanation later Auh .. oh ... Oh Jimmy You do not have an equalizer for electrostatic charges You are completely made of flesh Meat who loves you , Tilda Gary ? Gary ? Where you are Gary ? From Gary , please , We need to talk Waaa ! What are you doing ! Ouch ! You scared me ! Where is Anton ? We split ! What are you doing here ? We 're falling out of orbit Gary did something to the guidance system ! You found it ? No not between here and the laboratory There is only one place where it can then be Anton ! Anton , is out here ! Keep this Is horrible ! Stay back Where is the time cube ? What time cube ? Where is the time cube ? Wait a minute Come to my Space Station Try to blow the girl ! Put a mess all over and now you ask me the time cube Who the hell do you think is ! ? Take this ! That 's it ? Do you tear those Sharp fangs ! My ear ! I need first aid kits Oh she is bleeding ... Valentina , where the first aid kit ? Valentina ? Gary ? Why did you do ? For you . Do you realize that I kill me too ? If this station runs out of orbit Stay with Anton now ? I have been there for a while ' I do not know Fights like a girl Do you think that would cross the size for you ? I have traveled in time for you ! I know You are changing faster and faster I could put all things affixed Would you like to ? Would you like to live on this space station forever ? With this Anton ? It should not have hurt him Gary ! Come with me Back to the earth , humanity dawn We are the founders of a dynasty that will last millions of years ! And impereremo on space and time We shall rule the galaxy together ! When I have the cube the universe will be our Valentina I came back for you I did all this for you ! It 's so sweet Hou .. Force Resist Jimmy , our orbit continues to decay We must stop our fall Jimmy must go to the control room You 'll be safe alone ? It Where were you over ? Anton is badly Warning crew of cleaning station Queen Prepare to be incinerated ! Incinerated ... Is in stock ! [ Locked ] Ah ah ! Taken ! Well , it is imprisoned ! We have to hurry Setting up the propulsion system What are you doing ? ! I 'm not here Jimmy I finished . Where are you going ? Thank Tilda Oh no He freed Gary Only Give Gary temporal cube It will help us ! We will save us ! But it 's a monster ! It is only the appearance ! It 's getting hot in here ! Yes . Why ? - We are entering the first layer of the atmosphere And it is a bad thing ? - We only have 15 minutes ! 15 minutes ! Not enough time to repair all the damage ! Perhaps we should negotiate . Negotiate ? With Gary ? No We can not leave Gary total control of space and time Wendy is operational Wendy ! The station is falling ! Please correct the orbit ! I 'm sorry Jimmy There is a problem in the communication path with the thrusters Restart and re-initialize the system will take approximately 3 hours Well , We have only 14 minutes Wendy Leave me Huh ? As ? Oh ! sorry ! We are entering the mesosphere Siam in bad down here I can not find the problem Ok now go Tilda Hello Hello Wendy How 's it going up there ? Test with bench five LBJ Unit 425 This ? No try another Perhaps this ? No , but you 're getting closer I found the problem . The intermediate data processor is completely burned We have to be able to control the thrust of the engines You can not fix it ? I can but I do not have spare parts ! Oh no ! where you Val ! The storm Cube ! We 're dead ! Not Yet I need your cable size ? Oh god ! You should inform me before doing certain things ! Wait a second Test with this Do not you need this ? I have 2 . I try to use it ! Ok There are nearly It works ! It Works The control system of engines and other circuits are still out But it was supposed to work ! There must be another problem in the control path . Are you okay ? I 'll be fine But there is still a possibility to redirect engines How ? Manually . You mean outside ? Yes , Jimmy From the outside Get this ! Have you adjusted ? I think so We only have 10 minutes Then the outer hull will begin to burn Hurry Let go Cock and sell your shares ! Sharp teeth ... Who is it ? Valentina ... Is over Anton There are going You can not trust someone who has tried to eat me Gary loves me ! I love in a way that you can not understand We were good together I 'm out of the station This suit .. stinks of tortilla Gary You 'll break your ass ! Gary We cube Time Before you go One last thing What ? Kill him ! You are a dirty bastard If you want me dead Do it yourself ! I want to see you kill him ! Gary We must not do it ! We 're leaving just Valentina ... If you 're happy with him ... Foul I can understand Do it ! Just give me a second Gary Quick Kill him now ! A moment ! Kill him now ! Give me a second ! Gary ! Kill him ! Can you give me a second ! Gary ! Kill him ! I do not like to be abused Go on Jimmy We need to align the engines within 90 seconds Otherwise we imploderemo ! Ok , no problem . Ohhh what are you doing ? Ohh boy you want to dance ? ! Taken Ahhh ! Ouch ! my tentacle ! Anton ! In another moment ! Tilda ? Tilda ? Force ... How the hell does this thing ? ! I am the master of time and space ! I can not be defeated ! Ahhh ! Get ! Oh ? Well Is my blaster ? Jimmy has adjusted Thank Tilda Where is Jimmy ? Jimmy ! You did ! The orbit is stabilizing Jimmy ! Jimmy ! Where are you ? Back inside ! Oh shit ! We 're good you did it ! Jimmy Thank fagiolina You are two times better than it ever was Gary I know Jimmy We 're saved ? We are safe Thank you ! 2 minutes at lunch I repeat : two minutes at lunch . Oh , you You You know what , I 'll take another Chicken ? No prosciutto ham ok Ham ! I think it is affixed Yeah Control Room Are you ready ? We are ready Jimmy Ok I activate Wendy ? Report of the situation Wendy what happens ? It works ? The temporal cube interface is enabled Maybe I should Jimmy Jimmy okay ? We are fine here ! You ? No problem [ Incoming Communication ] - Cleaning Station Queen - We We note the Control base class Debris 2 Is the land The storm cubic worked Because that is the land - Regina cleaning station you going to destroy the debris ? - Or should we call the manager Yes , of course , the field of debris destroy the detritus Wait That 's not Gary shuttle ? It seems to be a class detritus 10 Trans by pity
