 Oh Athens ... the most beautiful of all ! The jewel of the Mediterranean ! The prettiest city in the Balkans ! Large streets ... stylish buildings ... modern transportation ... The hospitable centre , the kind citizens , they are all ! part of a fantastic whole , a magical scenery ! Open spaces ... comfort ... security ! Who could possibly want to leave this place ? With such rising growth rate in a few years from now Athens will definitely become the economic centre of Europe ! Get out of the square ! Don 't you dare hit me ! Come here ! [ Elementary School ] [ Private number ] Hello . Yes , speaking . Hmm ... What ? No , I haven 't run away nor do I intend to . At least , until I solve the issue with my debt so don 't worry about me but about the settlement that I 've been asking you for months now . It 's important in order to go on . Do you understand ? Yes ... Have a good day . The public opinion watches with great concern the fifth in a row disappearance of an unsuspected citizen which has been reported to the authorities just an hour ago . The new incident is added to the previous four cases of disappearances reported last night and involves , once again , a resident of the capital . According to information gathered , all the missing persons have been described as peaceful individuals and there are no clues until now possibly leading to a kidnapping , It is also worth mentioning that those people increasingly disappear from various areas of the capital but none of the cases can be linked to each other . The case remains a mystery . This morning ... yes . No . Her mobile is switched off . I know , it 's still early but ... Well , she might have popped out for a while . I just thought that ... If in the meantime you find ... Thank you . Bye . Loukas ? Loukas , where are you ? So what else can I do , Jenny ? Is she missing something ? Tomorrow , also , is her birthday ... Oh , today ? OK , it 's today . I got confused . All right ! What do you want from me now , Jenny ? If you learn anything , let me know . I 'll be here . Hey , why do you mess with the bicycle ? Is it yours ? Take your hands off it . Take your hands off , I said ! Are you deaf or something ? What are you looking at ? Help ! Hello ? Who 's speaking ? No , Loukas is not here . No , I don 't know . I just got out of bed . Who 's on the phone please ? Oh , hello ! How do you do ? He was not here when I got up . No , no ! You don 't bother at all . I 'm fine . Thank you . Did you try his mobile ? Well , he doesn 't pick it up that easily anymore with all those nosey people call him all the time . Hey , lady , wait ! Hold on ! Get him ! He 's a thief ! Thieves ! They 're all thieves ! - Are you a thief as well , friend ? - I 'm not a thief ! I 'm unemployed . Ha ! A potential thief , then ! Yes . I 've tried everywhere . Yes . Listen . I know my wife . She might be a bit absentminded ... Her father had Alzheimer 's disease and died from it last month ... but she 'd never run off like that . Listen now . I wouldn 't call for no reason . Do you honestly think they can help ? They usually screw everything up . They 're totally worthless . OK then . Send them over as soon as possible . Could they come here in an hour ? Fine . All right . Thanks . [ Massive runaway crisis ] Please . Coffee ? I think that my wife Maria has ... I 'm afraid that ... that she has run away . Are you sure , sir ? I am . I think so . Can you think of any reasons that might have led your wife to ﬂee ? I cannot think of anything now . We had of course some problems . Nothing special though . However her father ... did suffer from Alzheimer 's disease ! Anything else , sir ? Well , sometimes , at night , she would cry alone in the dark . She never told me anything . I just only remember seeing her cry . The tendency of everyone wanting to run away is increasingly rising . One after the other all areas in Athens are becoming empty . The authorities suggest to stay at home , keep calm ... Turn that crap off ! Where the fuck is Lukas ? Andreas , shush ! Don 't speak like this for your older brother ! I 've specifically told him not to leave you alone at anytime . Where the fuck did he go now , the retard ? Wherever he is , he 'll be back soon ! And stop talking like that ! Are we expecting someone ? Nobody knows what the evolution of this phenomenon is going to be in following days and hours ! Do you want something ? [ Mum ] What might have led the tenants residing on the 6th ﬂoor of this ordinary tower block at the city centre , these common people to run away ? - Could it be a new ... - [ Where On Earth All Have Gone ? ] Morbid trend ? In his statement the spokesperson of Greek Police asks from everyone to stay alert concerning the cases of disappearances before this phenomenon could spiral into an uncontrollable situation . What is hiding behind this Disappearance Wave of the past few days in Athens ? What can YOU do about all this ? Eh ? Hey ! What have you done ? Help ! Thieves ! Foreigners thieves ! Who 's a foreigner ? I 'm from South Central Athens ! You ! You 're not going to slip away from me now ! Come , get up . Get up , please . Can you show me your ticket please ? Maria Fragoyanni . Date and place of birth ? Tavros , Athens . 14th September , 1971 . Marital status ? Are you married or single , madam ? Single ... Married ! I also have two children . Do you have any kind of identity ? Something proving your statements ... There you are , madam and , next time , please validate your ticket . Yes , madam . I was speaking with another gentleman moments ago , now with you . Oh , he disappeared ... I see . Well , as I had clearly explained to that other gentleman before he disappeared what you are asking for is not possible at this point unless the settlement is made . You had initially approved it . Only then I will be able to pay off my debt . There is no other way . Is that clear ? Thank you . This is A-18 calling HQ . It 's about a stolen vehicle , a black jeep . Can you please check the number plate ZHE-3146 and tell us about the owner of the vehicle ? This is HQ to A18 . The owner of the vehicle is Dimitris Fragoyannis . I repeat , Dimitris Fragoyannis . Resident of Nea Erythrea , Athens , address , Delvinou Street , number 2 . Copy that . Thank you officer . What can the real extent be of this phenomenon ? The number of people gone missing is rapidly increasing . It seems that none of these cases can be linked to each other . What is that leads the residents of Athens to mass ﬂeeing ? Who is hiding behind this new threat and what can YOU , dear viewer , do about all this ? The government has appealed for help to many other countries , however there was no response so far nor any intention for help has been shown . It is feared that nobody will take the risk to get into direct contact until the full capacity of the phenomenon is evaluated . The number of people gone missing is constantly increasing . No one knows what is going to happen next . Is it an epidemic ? Can it be transmitted like a disease ? How can we protect those in danger ? No one knows what is going to happen next ! No one ! Is there any cure ? Is there anything YOU can do , dear viewer , about all this ? The gradual evacuation of Athens is a saddening fact . If it continues at that rate , in a few hours the capital will become a ghost town . On the raw footage that appears on your screens this area of Northwest Athens seems to be completely empty . Right before that , the ﬂeeing manic crowd was caught on camera . The masses of people disappearing are incessant . There is no logical explanation Mother ! They are all like driven What the fuck is going on in this house ? Out of a strong impulse to turn away from this city . [ mumble ] The gravity of the situation has reached a critical level creating havoc and terror . Is this a virus ? And , if yes , how can it be transmitted ? Through the ah ' ? Through physical contact ? There is not much left to be said , not much to be done . There are numerous questions . One is yet to be answered by YOU , dear viewer ! Is there anything YOU can do about all this ? Where is this Runaway Crisis going to end ? What is yet to be seen ? Does anyone hear me ? Hi there ! We cannot answer at the moment cause we are not here . but please leave a message and we will call back as soon as possible ... Yannis , Aggeliki , are you there ? Dimitris , are the children all right ? I love you . Can you hear me ? I ... You have insufficient credit to continue this conversation . We are sorry . Goodbye . You again ? I will soon settle all my debts to you . Any problem you may have had with me will disappear at once as if it never existed . Don 't worry . Soon , my debt will be the last thing that will bother you . Hello ? Hello ? I 'm the collector . The collector of your debt . The collector of your debt to the bank . Calm down . I don 't want to hull you . Then what do you want ? We know each other very well . At least I know you very well . I 'm here to save you . I have been following you to convince you to pay your debt to the bank . For several months I 've been calling you at home . During the last months it 's like I 'm living my life through you and your family . I know about you . I know what you 're going through , all of your problems . What 's wrong with your eye ? While getting to know your family , I came closer to your brother . So why are you here , why are you following me ? If you 're here for the money , forget it . There 's nothing . - Don 't worry . I 'm not here for the money . Well , I 'm here for the money but not in the way you may think . - Then why are you here ? - I just wanted ... to see you . To meet you in person . Why ' ? I just wanted you to know there 's someone who cares . Today I quit my job . Before doing so , I tried to find a solution regarding your debt . I managed to make a very good settlement for your sake . I found the best offers , transferred your debts through numerous other banks and I finally made it . Through these actions Your debt is now reduced to 524 euros and 80 cents for the stamp duty . [ Settlement Agreement ] Is this possible ? Yes , though I had to deal with your case personally . You mean I 'll pay 524 euros and then I 'll be fine ? - I won 't owe anything more ? - Right . Just tell me though . Why did you do all this ? Hey ! Captain Kirk ! Thank you . Sidiropoulou Assimina , 62 years old , disappeared on 14 / 9 from Gargaretta square . She has green eyes , blond hair , 1 . 60 height , 55 kg weight . The day she disappeared she was wearing a yellow dress . Efstratiadou Anthi , 30 years old , has gone missing since 13 / 9 from Hilton area . Panetsou Natalia , 33 years old , has gone missing since 13 / 9 from Kaiiithea .
