 Subtitles by Renatinha Tankinha - Time to the target . Twelve minutes and counting . Coast is clear . And some cover . Plenty of cover . Visibility about 10 miles . - You read ? - Yes , what you rambling about ? - What 's your visibility over there ? - Pretty good . Just glad to be out here . It 's about time . Tired of the training missions they 've been toying at us . - This is far from a training mission . They 've been having us strike beams of the coast of Florida for what , a month ? - Just trying to make it mean something , that 's all . Let 's make it count . - Do you like gin or vodka ? - Stop fucking around , man . Gin . Vodka 's for pussies and commies . Getting choppy . - Good thing we 're sitting on government steeled plates , huh ? My ass looks like it lost a bet to The Village People . - It could be worse . You could be in Seattle right now in riot duty . How fun is that ? No , thanks . Those groundhogs can keep their day job . At least it 's got padding . - Time to target : 11 : 51 and counting . - Our federal government is going to afford ... - Corporate America debate between not ... - a pregnant woman ... that baby will not remain alive . - technology that can prevent this kind of disaster . - It 's not that complicated of a system . The mirrors would act like a shield ... balancing sunlight away from the Earth 's atmosphere . The danger is that if anything should happen to any system ... which draws either way from the earth , would probably burn to death when it failed . Not immediately , but over time . Essentially , it 's a band-aid on a festering wound . - When I was a little girl , I remember how life was carefree and innocent . Everything was going to last forever . My family . My home . The sky . God . God . God . God . Children have a faith that defies reality . They can leap from roof to roof fearless ... as if there was no ground beneath them . Or run forever on ambition and restlessness . But there are only so many leaps you can take before you break something . So many miles you can run before you run out of breath . And that , you realize the finite nature of things . World after world of all humanity ... Trying to get it right over and over again . And then what if we never got it right ? What if we disappointed God over and over again ? And what if God ... ? I remember the sunset on that day . It was the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen . There was no warning . Not sirens ... No broadcasts . No emergency evacuations ... No time to act . The bombs were the last thing to fall . - I 'm heading due west about 29 miles north of you . If I had to guess , I 'd say we 're probably headed towards the northwest coast . - I 'll miss the rain , man . - I don 't miss the rain , not even a little . Rain can really be a hindrance when you really need it not to be . Like the time when we were in LA , on patrol . It was raining like hell , cats and dogs .. We had flush some guys from a hole after they looted some military hardware . We were trainees at best , okay ? We were wet right behind the ears right out of boot camp . - So you 're doing everything by the book , then , uh ? - Yeah , by the book . Like a bunch of knuckleheads . We didn 't know our asses from our shoes . So what did we do ? We rush in like a bunch of Rambos , knocked down the door without announcing ourselves , We scared the crap out of them . One of them shot the other ... We put him down because was brain everywhere ... I mean , what a mess . So what do we do ? We raid the fridge . And what do we find there ? I mean , we 're in an abortion clinic and here find some rum . So , we drink some rum right where we shot the bodies . They 're just lying there . And ... first time I ever had dead mouse rum . It was good stuff . - Well , you 're one up on me , then . - Freedom is one life 's greatest gifts . The freedom to speak your mind , the freedom to go where you want . And , more importantly , the freedom to choose . Pregnancy can sometimes come at the wrong time in your life . If you ' re pregnant , young or old .. And the burden of this responsibility isn 't what you planned ... Then the Pandora pill just might be for you . It helped me in my time of need . Pandora . The discrete pregnancy termination method . It 's your choice . - Brought to you by the Omni Tech Corporation . - OTN , The Omni Tech Network . Making the world a better place . - Welcome to the Citizen Prime Hour . With special guest , Vincent Velo ... CEO of the Omni Tech Corporation . And now your host , Simon Prime . It 's been nearly 20 years since Omni Tech . Corporation 's solar shield was put into place . Now , some $ 450 trillion later , The project has suffered a major setback . Here today to help us understand the crisis in greater detail ... is twenty-year representative and CEO of OmniTech Corporation .. Mr. Vincent Velo . How are you today , Mr. Velo ? - Very good , thank you . It 's good to be here ! - And now we return to Gabrielle Anderson 's " Get Real " . - I 'm here with the Nobel winning author of " Twelve Steps to Global Recovery " a book that covers the global meltdown and its cure , Sarah Hartley . - Thanks for having me . - Okay , let 's get down to business . So what 's all the noise about ? - I think since the crisis was linked to technology ... that was implemented by Omni Tech ... without allowing the people , the government nor the international community to regulate the plan , that it 's obvious who 's at fault here . - You 're getting way ahead of me here , Sarah . I see that we 're gonna skip the small talk . - So , we can safely say that you and your company are on top of the problem ... But just how concerned should we all be ? - I don 't think people realize just how serious this is . - A solution is in development ... And it has been since we realized the technological hang ups that had occurred . Look , we 're not blind to people 's needs . - They were given the responsibility for the deployment of an operation that was supposed to counteract the effects of our atmosphere 's exceedingly rising temperatures . And when it was put into place , this " sun bouncing " technology , Everyone thought that they were going to be our saviors . - And we are certainly not for sure we are not the monsters that we are accused of being . - Now it turns out they seem quite the opposite . - The solution spoke for itself ... And it was under the scrutiny of several foreign scientists ... - Several foreign scientists whose reputations were on the line . But without the proper information , research or time . The little that they provided to us was faulty . - It was these scientists that we relied on ... And they were wrong , Simon . - I know they have a reputation , shareholder sand a bank account to protect ... Which seems to be their primary goal ... But what 's it going to matter when everything is gone ? - We want to save this planet that we call home . - There are still signs that people were here once . Most of them died of the toxins . The rest were obliterated in the wars ... the riots ... The uprisings ... You never believe something that big can happen until it does . Even then , it takes a while . We all knew it was headed there , But no one did anything about it . The companies were in charge . They were the new government . They decided our fate , yet took no responsibility . I still wear my mask . The ones they told us to wear to protect ourselves . I think it 's safe now , though , but ... I 've gotten used to it ... it 's like a ... safety net or child 's stuffed animal . A security blanket . Off . - So , she 's like " Don 't touch me , you 're not my uncle . " - That 's messed up , man . - I got another one for you . Mayonnaise , the white man 's ketchup . - How do you come up with this sot , man ? Do you come up with it on your own , or you got a committee or something ? - Things like that come out of my head , man . - Right , right ... - Oh , fuck you . I don 't see any ideas coming out of your head . How can you tell when there is a riot in Detroit ? - I don 't know . How ? - Exactly . - Soon , you 'll be telling that joke about every city . - We 're gonna fix that , right ? - Remember when walking into the grocery store didn 't take body armor ? - Yeah , that was when you could still walk outside during the day without having to wear SPF 5000 sunblock . Hey do you wear your environmental breathing apparatus 24 / 7 , like they tell you ? - The gas mask ? No . Do you ? - Eh , what 's the point ? Besides , how can you smoke with that damn thing on ? - Right ? Kind of gets in the way of living . - Are we there yet ? - You got something better to do ? - Sometimes I dream I am back home . Safe in my own bed ... Good things to come . Just another day . I step out on the balcony . The outside air smells of freshly cut grass ... old oaks and last night 's rainfall . The pollen , sticky from the morning dew . No surprises . The dream only lasts a short while . Long enough for me to remember who I was . - We have spent a long time ... Years building up what we have today . It 's amazing . It could all be gone just like that . Isn 't it ? It would be a shame to lose everything that we have worked for ... Just because of a little incident like this ? Is it ... Thank you , Kennedy . Yeah , We 've bloodied our fingers trying to fix the world ... this is the thanks we get ? We need a different angle . - How long do you think we can keep this up ? - I 'd say ... - Your car is here , Mr. Velo . - Okay , okay . Yeah . - I say tell them what happened and then tell them how to fix this . - Well , if we had the fix , I would . - Simon ? - What ? - Excuse me . - Simon , you have been our face for nine year now . And I can 't thank you enough . People trust you . They need you . Heck , I don 't think we could do this without you . You 're a natural born leader . And now they need you more than ever . People need you to tell them that they will be safe . Your job is to be their guide . Now you 're dictating what my job is ? Something change ? - I have been doing what you ask without question . But I came out to the world last week and I told them that Omni Corp had a solution . And you came out today and gave them excuses . Why would trust me now ? - You didn 't lie . We live in a world of manipulation based relationships . Where what you say is true simply because you said it . What it comes down to is this . People don 't care about the truth . They just want you to tell them something ... Anything ... so that they can remain happy in their bliss , knowing that someone out there ... is defending their way of life . We just have to convince them that our way is better for them . - Wow ! Well , you 're certainly right about manipulating relationships . You have no faith in people , do you ? - Only the tough will survive , Simon . And that 's what separates us from them . Because in this case the smartest are the toughest . And if this does not go our way , we have taken precautions . You 'll be fine , Simon . You 'll be happy to know that I got you on the list . And one day ... The world will thank us for this . - Camera crew , stage 5 , please . We 're going live in two minutes . - Think these shitheads know what 's about to hit them ? - Should I send them a text message ? Let them know we 're coming ? - Yeah , that 's real funny . - In fact , why don 't just post it on Facebook ? - Yeah why don 't I post your mother 's porn on Facebook ? - Even if they did know , you think there 'd be anything they could do about it ? I doubt it . - That place is gonna be hot , flat and radioactive . You know , hot on that style . - They have it coming . - Don 't we all ? - If turning that place and everyone there into a warm breeze solves this mess , so be it . I 'll pay my penance when it 's over . - How do you sleep at night , man ? That 's morbid shit . - My eyes close , snore like a bear . Chastidy must be deaf . - She is now . - How the fuck does a woman like Chastidy end up with a guy like you ? Sounds like a stripper name . - How do you think we met ? - What 's a half life on this payload ? 40 years ? - More like 15 , give or take . - Plenty of time to pay your penance . - A pregnancy can sometimes come at the wrong time in your life . If you 're pregnant ... young or old , Then the Pandora pill just might be for you . It helped me in my time of need . Pandora . The discrete pregnancy termination method . It 's your choice . - Off . Lil ? Lilith ? Is everything okay ? - Ready to be a father ? - I 'm so glad . - You hear the rumors about the bunkers they 're building ? - Yeah , the major metroplexes . I heard that . That 's all there 'll be for us . Rumors . You really think they will make room for two average pilots like us ? - Average ? Please , homey . We 're the tip of this beard , the two brave souls who initiated the first strike , Shit ! I expected a parade . We 're going down in history books . - We 're the forgotten heroes , bro . And even if there were bunkers , they 're wasting their money again . Useless . What we got under our asses will bring an end to this shit . - That 's some positive thinking . - Worked for World War II . - That was a hundred years ago . - Things don 't change that much . - Hell , yeah , they do . Other people have them now . Other people have them now . Back then , it was just us . - I don 't care how it ends , or if it ends . As long as there 's a war , I 've got a job . In the end of the day , I 'm just glad to see Chas . - If we drop enough bombs , there ain 't gonna be a Chas , or a you or a me . You feel me ? - You 're bringing me down , man . Let 's focus on tour job , shall we ? - Yeah . It 's just a job , right ? It 's just a job . - Everything looks normal . We got your blood test back today and everything looks great ... except your iron levels are a little low . Other than that , you are alive , you have a pulse , you 're ready to have a baby . I 'm having a baby ! I love saying that ! Say it as often as you like , but you still have a lot of discomfort to experience . Not to mention the ... the swollen feet , the back ache , the strange cravings ... - I 'm nervous . - It 's natural to be . But I will be here with you every step of the way , okay ? Everything is gonna be just fine . - Okay . Just mom chatter . - I 'm so hungry . - Sorry , it 's not going to help . Only if they 're real . What ? I missed that . - Yeah , I know ... - it 's an experience I need to have , too . I think everyone needs to experience it . So , what are you gonna name it ? - Jenna , right ? After me . It 's a great name ! - Well , Simon and I want to name it Jake if boy Amelia it is a girl . - Oh , you startled me . - What , did Lilith banish you to the upstairs ? - Something like that . - So , what brings you to the lioness den ? - Funny you should ask . I need a favor . - That 's my cue to exit . - Wait ! - Alright , you have thirty seconds ! - Do you know anything about the list for the habitat for life program ? - You lost me at " I need . " Simon , know that 's classified information . - It 's important . It 's about Lilith . - You 're poking your nose where you shouldn 't , Simon . But ... Since it 's for Lilith ... - I just ... I need a copy . I need it at the end of the week . - Why not now ? - End of the week . Don 't ask , please . - You know that 's no easy task . You owe me . - Oh , I dated a guy named Jake , so let 's hope it 's a girl . - It 's their baby ! They can name it what they want ! - Yeah , but that is so ... plain . And it could be my nephew . I don 't want to go around calling him Jake . - I think they should name him Jake now just because it will piss you off . - I got it ! - I 've come to congratulate you , Simon . I heard the good news ! Are you gonna let me in ? This house was built way before your time . I remember when they moved it . You knew that it was moved , didn 't you ? - I don 't know the whole story , but , yeah , I did . - Yeah , there was a river view outside that window and ... The meadow was on that side , and .. That side was facing the mountains . A gorgeous view . The company bought the land . You didn 't know that ? Yeah , well , we had to keep the home safe , you know ? Sometimes a sacrifice is needed in order to preserve something else . In this case , this lovely house that keeps you warm at night . - Why are you here , Vincent ? Did you make progress on my request ? - The list was designed ... For the survival of a specific genetic series . - Oh , cut the bullshit ! Did you do it or not ? - We had to be selective . The decision wasn 't just mine alone to make . - God damn it ! You told me you would take care of the both of us ! - Well , the situation changed . You have a baby on the way . - Why does that matter ? - It was viewed as more of a burden . - I knew I couldn 't trust you ! - The habitat was designed to sustain one person . Two , would put a strain on the resources . I can 't imagine how long you would last with a third ! Try and understand . Think about it ! There are other things to consider . What if the baby were born crippled ? Mentally ill ? Or disadvantaged in some way ? How would that play out ? And why would you want to bring a new life into such a harsh world ? I think you need to rethink some things . - But what if it 's the next Einstein ? Did you think of that ? You don 't even know who this child is ! So you expect me to leave Lilith here to die ? - Look if the baby wasn 't an issue , I could possibly get her in . But unless there 's an opening , and someone dies prior to the deadline , There 's really nothing I can do . - Oh . Well , who do I have to kill ? - Vincent ? Hello ! So good to see you ! - You , too my dear . I heard the good news . Congratulations ! - Thank you . - Can I get you some more wine ? - Oh , sure ! I promise you , if there is any way , it is next in line . Actually , I better be going . I didn 't realize the time . Tell Lilith I 'm sorry I couldn 't stay . - So , what did the company do with its precious land ? - Nothing . I built my house there . - Sometimes in here I think it was raining hard , I mean hard , like bullets . They warned us not to go down there , but I wanted to see the water up close , so ... My cousin and I got down there the other night . Still couldn 't believe it . I mean the Mississippi is no joke when it 's calm , but in overflow , it was unbelievable . 40 acres , under 15 feet of water . - That 's some crazy shit , bro . Crazy stupid shits . - So there I am , sitting like a dumb ass . My cousin pipes up : " Hey , what 's that by your foot ? " So , I looked down , locked eyes with a full grown cotton mouth . - I would shit my pants . - No , shit . - So there I was , staring at the most venous snake in North America . - Well what did you do , bro ? - Well , I jumped out of my pants ran all the way back to high ground . When we got there , I looked back and I let it burst . Flash flood wiped out everything I was standing on . Right behind us , Must have followed as right to the edge . - First time I ever heard of a snake doing someone a favor . - Well , if that thing wouldn 't have come along , I wouldn 't be here right now . - That 's some kind of blessing in disguise , man . Some divine intervention shit . - We used to come here on our anniversary . I remember the smells ... the tastes ... The wine . Check please ! Being waited on ... I remember the food . Ah ... The food ! Sometimes I think I see people . I 'd probably would be afraid if I found someone . If people are still around , they 're not here . But they have to be somewhere . - Try again ! Check again ! I don 't know . Just do it ! Yes ! Fuck ! - Honey ? Are you coming or what ? I thought we were going out . - We will . I Just thought we could have a drink without a waiter in our face , you know ? - I don 't ... I probably shouldn 't . - Well , it 's early on , right ? I mean , just one 's not gonna hurt . - Um ... You 're probably right . Okay . - Here 's to a healthy you ... Here 's to health ! - Are you okay ? Yeah . I guess I 'm just happy , that 's all . - Me , too . You ever hear from Johnsy ? - You didn 't hear ? he punched his own ticket . Put on his dress uniform and then put on his best closed up mouth . - Jesus . How did you find that out ? - Ran into McCoy . Last night , at the range . You know they used to paddle around together ? - McCoy ... haven 't seen him since the academy . He still fly on the transport ? - No , they grounded him after the Equilibrium finally gave out . Too many high altitude missions . Anyway , he looked like shit . Put him in charge of an Urban Pacification Unit to something . Sector clearance . - Well , he was a vet . This ain 't his first rodeo . - It 's not like in the beginning back when these idiots clumped together in large groups and traveled during the day or shadowed the youth on the front line . Back then , we 'd just straight them and call it good . Now ? McCoy said they 're doing all kinds of crazy shit . He said Atlanta , the locals literally joined hands 1400 deep and marched arm in arm straight into a wall of automatic fire . Not just the man , either . Like old folks , women and kids and shit . I guess they figured that if they turned the other cheek , it would expire some mercy . So much for that . Anyway , he was pretty bummed about it . Said he was going to see the Bay shrink . - Every day I have to keep focused . The same routine ... Search for more supplies ... I wake up and eat something from a can or a box or whatever there is . You 'd be surprised how much is left . Now that no one 's fighting over it . And everything is mine . I think . Oh my God ... oh my God ... No ! No ! - You know what humanity reminds me of ? - Why is it that every time we fly off , I got to listen to a philosophy lesson ? - Humanity reminds me of a spider . We build this web called progress , and in this web we catch a bunch of things . Cell phones , windshield wipers , intermittent windshield wipers , cappuccino machines , touch pads ... And then we have something too big for us to handle , and it ... pulls our web apart . - Oh , is that what you think is going on right now ? we got something too big on the web and it 's falling apart Free break ? - Think about it . Army tech puts up this solar shield to stop global warming . Not only does it not stop global warming , it actually accelerates the process . That wasn 't nature bringing us down , man , that was us . Reaching for something we can 't hold on to . - There you go , holding on to rumors again , making up shit . Think we ain 't gonna come back for this ? - We survived the Crusades , the Black Plague , the Holocaust ... The Cold War , the death of David Letterman ... It 's a cycle , man . That 's all it is . - Shit , we 'll be back to Monday Night Football and Xanax in no time . You know what humanity reminds me of ? - What 's that , bro ? - A joke without a punch line . - I went out again today . I found this restaurant in 10th street . You know the one we used to go to ? Yeah , I 'm A little tipsy . So what ? Oh-oh . Getting low . Getting low . At last . I 'm not very hungry . I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry ... I forget ... I forgot what I was going to say . I know , I need to lighten up . I need to lighten up and not be so serious . I 'm the funny one ... I 'm ... I 'm light and fun . Excuse me ? I can 't understand what you said . It was so silly of me . I know ! You always say that ! You always say that ! Did you forget what you were gonna say , too ? It 's all ... that 's all I had time to do . That 's all I had time to do , honey . You talk too much . You need to speak up , You need to speak up , dear . I can 't hear you , I can 't ... I have fun and I ... I laugh even when things are ... really ... really bad . I can 't do it . I feel ... tired . - We 're getting close . - A long way from home . - Just a few clicks . - Let 's get this done . I 've got things to do . - What can be more important than nuking bad guys ? - I hate to consider these guys bad guys . I mean ... it 's a shame when your own turns in you . - I am nothing like these guys . These guys kill people for money . - We 're getting a paycheck , aren 't we ? - It 's not the same . These people disguise their kills inside politics and manipulate people they 're doing good deeds . They don 't give a shit about consequences . - And we do ? Portland . - What about it ? - Portland , Oregon . I recognize the coordinates . I 'm from Salem , man , home of the nothing . 40th parallel runs right through the city . , Ain 't even got a sign for it . Halfway between Equator and the North Pole . - You good with this ? - Yeah , yeah , I 'm good with this . Oh , we 're making the world a better place , right ? Like it says on the show . - Uh ... contact all the studios tell them that we want all the major networks there . It 's gonna be a big announcement . Okay ? - You fucked me , Vincent ! I can not believe I trusted you ! - Excuse us for a second . Keep your voice down , Simon . - Fuck you ! You knew I couldn 't do anything a bout that list . You knew it ! I tried to tell you there was nothing I could do . - You used me . I did everything I could . - Really ? Everything ? You had a grandson on the way . A burden I couldn 't bare to leave behind ... Knowing that he would suffer along with his mother ! All my life I 've never asked you for anything . And the time comes to ask for one thing ... that actually matters , You can 't do it ? Can you ? - You 're lucky you 're still on the list . I should have have had you taken off so you could be left behind with your endearing wife and your guilty conscience . Now get the hell out of here ! - This is on you , Vincent . And you 'll never forget it . - The habitats can sustain only one person . One person , Simon ! You decide who that person is ! - So , this is it ? - What else is there ? - You 're not even gonna try ? - Does it really matter ? It 's all for nothing . You work your whole life , building , saving ... gathering shit , for what ? It all comes to this . Everyone dies . No one wins . The arrival is always a let down , isn 't it ? Something my dad always said . I remember one time my parents ... took my sisters and I to the Enchanted woods . You remember that theme park ? We were all so damned excited . When we got there , I realized I enjoyed the time we spent together getting there than the actual place . - What 's the point ? - Simon ... If spent your life doing all those things ... Of course you 'll be let down . I enjoyed my time with you . That 's what I 've gathered and saved up ... And there 's nothing that can take that away from me now . - Once it happens , there will be nothing left . Get it through your head . No you , no me , no us ! Do you understand that ? Everyone you know ... family , friends , loved ones , all of them ... gone . Does that sound like a good journey ? I 'm sorry ... - Don 't ... You turned your back on the one person who wasn 't planning to let you die alone . How does that feel ? I have to forgive you ! And I love you . Because I made my choice to do so a long time ago . - We are approaching the DNR . - It 's the point of no return . One minute . - And counting . - They 're just here to do their job , right ? No questions . - No answers . Hold on your hats , ride 's gonna be a little rough . To man , got there ... This is a horror house . We 're on our way home . - I can still hear their voices . In crowds ... in groups . Couples sharing each other 's day . Children ... Their laughter . Their cries . It 's easy to remember everything you took for granted . The plenty we had ... now gone . It 's easier to forget how much you needed each other . The end is inevitable . But it didn 't have to end like this . I only wish there was something to be celebrated . Subtitles by Renatinha Tankinha
