 My name is roman . Ten years ago , our ship crash-landed On earth . We came here seeking refuge , but the humans thought That it was an invasion . That night I met a human girl who tried to protect me . A girl I never thought I 'd see again . The surviving members of my race , The atrians , were rounded up And isolated inside a militarized sector . Now , it 's 2024 . Seven of us have been chosen to attend high school As a part of a government integration program . But the humans and atrians Continue to distrust each other While I fight to protect my people And the human girl who saved my life At any cost . Previously on star-crossed ... Roman , it was an accident ! I am so sorry ! Why ? Because my father 's dead or because your father shot him ? I found this in julia 's hospital room . You saved her life . It didn 't happen . Hey , what happened to your ... Arm ? They want revenge for my father 's death . They 've targeted your family . We keep with our own kind . One of us is always watching . This is bigger than the two of us now . It 's safer if we 're apart . I 've been looking for you . Teri , I 'm not in the mood . Give me a minute . You will be . ? ? Rough night ? Stay out of my head . You used to beg me To use kyter leaves And give you those dreams . That was a long time ago . I 'd slip a leaf under your pillow And whisper in your ear All the dirty things we used to do . Teri , we used to be a lot of things . But if you want us to stay friends , this has to stop . ? ? I can 't believe it . I 'm here . I 'm finally in high school . I wanted your first day to be special . Bedazzled locker , dancing bears on parade . But with arrival day coming , I thought it might be in bad taste . After the carnival , He won 't even look at me . What did you do ? Nothing I can think of . You 've been in school a week , And you already have boy problems ? High school is phenomenal . The tenth anniversary Of arrival day is in two days . Families of the fallen , As well as human and atrian students who are part Of this integration program , are all invited to attend The commemoration , which will be held At the base of the atrian ship . Awesome . Like , no one 's been allowed Near the ship since it crashed . I 've been on that ship . You 're not missing anything . The eyes of the world will be on us . People want to see how this exchange Of cultures is progressing . So far , the atrian seven have attended Human school and human events . The next step is to introduce humans Into atrian society . To that end , the human students In this room have been selected To spend a day in the sector tomorrow . We 've never had human guests in the sector before . We thought the rat infestation was bad . It 's the first time human students will have Access to the sector . You 'll be making history . Uh , ms . Garcia ? I had an idea about the sector visit tomorrow . Yes ? We 've all heard arrival day stories from our side- - The humans- - But we haven 't heard what it was like From the atrians . Go on . I thought we could use our sector visit tomorrow To ask the atrians for their arrival day stories . Emery shouldn 't come to the sector . There are a lot of atrians That are still angry About my father getting shot by ... It 's just ... Sh-she could be at risk . Well , we 've dealt with the terrorists . And there 's ample security . So unless you know Of a specific threat ? Well , then I see no reason for concern . Emery 's project would show That both sides are eager to move on . Congratulations , ms . Whitehill . The assignment is yours . Looking real pretty , sweetheart . That 's really insensitive ! Even for a ' roided-up alien . These ribbons are A remembrance of those who lost their lives on arrival day . The day your kind literally crashed our town . Yeah , I know . I was there . Did you know grayson 's brother was killed by an atrian ? You lost a brother ? Yeah , he was in the national guard . I lost half of my tribe . Those who survived the crash Were gunned down by your bitch guards . But you don 't see me Wrapping myself in ribbon like a birthday present , now do you ? I 'm sorry for your loss . But my brother wasn 't a bitch . Let 's keep it moving . Right . Yeah . Julia . What is that ? A camera . From gloria . I volunteered to interview the atrians While we 're in the sector . That 's amazing . Cameras are never allowed in the sector . And she 's letting you shoot there ? You can barely work a can opener . Why are you really doing this ? Is it even safe for you to be there ? Gloria said we 're gonna Have guards watching us The whole time , and ... This program was roman 's father 's dream . And by helping , I think that ... Okay , I 've been in a hospital half my life And even I know the way to a boy 's heart is not Through his dead father 's passion project . Are you gonna help me or not ? You have a free period , And you could help with the camera . Actually , I have to go see the school counselor . But maybe later ? You know , if you 're looking for a cameraman , I actually know this great indie film director Who just thinks that shooting the sector would be Amazing . You do ? And he 'll work for peanuts . So do I got the job ? We need to talk . This isn 't a good time . What 's with the ' tude ? You were plenty friendly when emery and I snuck Into the sector for cyper . I really don 't remember . Then I 'll remind you . I was looking for a miracle cure for my cancer , As you do . But you said cyper was just a cooking herb . Funny thing ... The next day I was completely cured . One minute I was all comatose and leukemia-y . The next , I was sitting up and eating nachos . I 'm glad you 're better . But what does this have to do with me ? I think it has everything to do with you . You and cyper . You sure those nachos weren 't laced With a little something extra ? Fine . I 'll just go and share my insane suspicions With my doctors . I 'm sure they 'll be very intrigued . I knew it ! You saved me using cyper , didn 't you ? Whatever you think happened , You need to keep it to yourself . If cyper can cure cancer , Don 't you want the world to know ? Okay . You 're right , I did save you . I infused cyper Into my bloodstream And then injected my blood into you . But if the world found out about this , Every human with a sick child , friend or pet Will be tearing apart the sector , Looking for cyper and atrian blood . And if my people found out that I put them At risk to save a nice , But very chatty human being , there will be consequences . Bad ones for both of us . So I 'm asking you please Can you keep this a secret ? That might be a problem . Why ? What are you doing ? It started when I touched you at the carnival . And it 's been spreading ever since . If you want to keep cyper a secret , You 're gonna have to fix this . Are you ready for our human guests ? Do we have a choice ? Your father would have given anything to see this day . I thought you 'd be more enthusiastic . Excited . Emery whitehill is coming . Remember , you gave me your word That you would keep her safe from the trags . Her father did shoot and kill our beloved leader . The trags see her , they will want her head . But they will not act in the open . So don 't worry . Your father would be very touched to see you So concerned for a human . There 's just so much he was beginning to teach me ... About being a leader , About our tribe , About ... Cyper . He must have thought you were ready . I just can 't imagine being responsible for someone 's life . I mean , what if something went wrong ? Oh , there are side effects : There 's fatigue , euphoria . Well , that 's preferable to death . Well , there are some rare cases where the patient Doesn 't recover , or their-their veins turn blue . I don 't know if I believe that . I 've never seen a blue atrian . Well , that 's because there 's a cure . It 's called vyre . The iwabas tribe grow it . The trick is , you gotta get it to the patient Before it becomes permanent . The humans imprison us , run our lives , And now they want to walk around the sector like it 's a zoo ? Careful . You 're beginning to sound like a trag . At least the trags are willing to fight for our people . No race mixing ! Earth for earthlings ! No race mixing ! Earth for earthlings ! Saw you and uncle castor talking . Did you come around on him ? He can be helpful . Earth for earthlings ! No race mixing ! But dad never trusted him . Neither should we . The red hawks protest just outside the sector gate Even on a Saturday ? Hate doesn 't take a weekend . No race mixing ! Earth for earthlings ! Shall we ? No race mixing ! Earth for earthlings ! No race mixing ! Earth for earthlings ! You 've been put in groups of two . Each pair must be accompanied by a guard during your visit here . Welcome to the sector . ? ? You really think this is the best time to be buying souvenirs ? I can feel the blue veins Growing up my neck , so , yeah , I do . Okay , good news is there is a cure . Bad news , If we don 't get you that cure Before the veins reach your face , it 'll be permanent . Please tell me you have the cure . I need some time . Can you meet me back here at noon ? I was wondering if we could interview you And sophia for gloria 's video . I was thinking we could shoot it in your pod ? No , you need to stay in the main areas where it 's safer . Then would you mind introducing us To some atrians who wouldn 't mind I need you to focus on your survival story ... For once . You can interview me if you like . I 'd love to have you visit our pod . Later , when my mother 's not around ? Thank you . That would be great . Yeah . No , awesome . Now , the best bang for your buck in the marketplace ? Dovor . gives you a nice smooth buzz , But not too much . It 'll make you feel like You got hit in the head with a gold brick . You can 't sell drugs to humans . Let 's go . One day , we 're not gonna take it anymore . One day , we 're gonna Break down these walls , and you 'll be sorry . Now listen , um , I need a favor . I 'm looking for vyre . Can you get some from your tribe 's grow house ? Why do you need it ? Just ... I 'm not helping Unless you tell me . All right , I-I may have used cyper on a human . I need the vyre to fix The side effects before anyone finds out . Who 'd you use it on ? You showed a human how cyper is used ? Most atrians don 't even have that information . If the trags find out ... Yeah , I know . You 're the only person I can trust that can help me . Maybe I used to have a reason to be On your side , but like you said This morning , it 's over . Vega . The trags have honored me by making me their leader . Do you know why you 're here ? I do . What is your answer ? I 've waited a long time for this . Beaumont 's marks can 't be seen , but they run as deep as yours . Before you become a full brother of the trags , You must prove yourself . We 've been watching you for some time . And now destiny has chosen you . For ten years , No atrian has been allowed access to our own vessel , But we hear you and the atrian seven Have been invited to the commemoration at the crash site . Tomorrow you will break into our ship , And together , we will lay waste to the humans . When we were put in the sector , I 'd go up on the rooftop and look at the town . I couldn 't wait to explore those lights for myself And meet the people living there . It 's a little hard to do from the sector , But in the meantime , I have two of those people in my pod . Thank you again for inviting us . Do you mind if I ... ? Go ahead . What is it ? I don 't know . Roman 's had it forever . Did he say where he got it ? It 's been so long , I don 't know if he even remembers . Roman ! You invited them here after I told you not to ? What if mom finds out ? She won 't ! This is my fault . I asked to interview her . Where is your guard ? He 's downstairs waiting . Then that 's where you should be . With your guard and his gun . Dude , you need to relax . Was I talking to you ? It 's fine . We 're leaving . The plants of the swamad tribe are used for farming . Necessary , but boring . Now , the zwahan have just one herb- - cyper . It can bring someone back from the brink of death . Sounds impressive , unless you 're in a fight , In which case it 's useless . The fact is , the survival of all atrians depends on the plants And skills of our tribe ; the vwasak , the warriors . Take sovok , it can turn any pressure point Into a death sentence . The top of the head , the neck , the groin . If you want to join the trags , You need to show me something ! We can 't have an untrained schoolboy running around carrying out our orders ! How 'd you get rid of your birthmarks ? I mean , you had to , Right , to live on the outside ? What have you seen out there ? Have you been to eljida ? That 's a lot of questions . But if you truly want To be a warrior , there 's only one question you should be asking yourself : Are you willing to kill for your cause ? Now we 're getting somewhere . How 'd you get rid of the guards ? I talked on and on about my specialty atrian doll collection . They couldn 't get away fast enough . So , do you have the cure ? No , but I do know how to get it . Listen , I was thinking , maybe we should Tell emery what we 're doing . no . I thought you might say that . It 's just you 've been kind of a jerk , And she 's really hurting right now and ... Seems like she 's doing just fine . You obviously care about her . You betrayed your people to save a human . And you did it for her . After what emery 's father did , There 's a lot of atrians who would rather See her dead than see her with me . Why can 't you tell her that ? I tried to tell her that she was in danger at the carnival . Didn 't stop her from coming to the sector today . She is stubborn like that . The closer she is to me , the more danger The more danger she is in . I 'm doing everything I can to change that . But until then , if being a jerk 's The only way to keep her safe , Then that 's what I 'm gonna have to be . Come on . So , the trags have enlisted drake . What do they want with such a blunt instrument ? He and the atrian seven Have been invited to the ship For the commemoration . The trags want him to break into the vessel . Best way to ensure our survival Is not to stop the war between The trags and the humans , But to always make sure we 're on the winning side . Have you kept your eye On roman and emery whitehill ? He 's been keeping his distance . Don 't let him fool you . He likes her . Which complicates things . You want me to take care of her ? No . Leave her to me . Hey . Hey . Think we got some good stuff . Where 's julia ? I think she ditched me again . Did I just win ? The pictures you take . Can people Outside the sector see them ? Uh , yeah . That 's my mom . We lost her on arrival day When I was a baby . My dad said she lives In eljida now . But one day We 'll all be back together . Can you record me now ? Sure . I apologize for my fellow atrians , But this place is sacred to them . They don 't look kindly on interlopers . What is this place ? This is the wall of the missing . This was created when we were first Placed in the sector . It 's a memorial For all the family members that were lost on arrival day . That girl said her mom 's still alive . Some atrians believe That the missing escaped And made a home for themselves : Eljida . Does eljida really exist ? Who knows ? But it gives them hope . I 'm-I 'm castor . I 'm roman 's uncle . I-I find it interesting that you two are friends . What 's interesting about it ? Well , your father , his father , The unfortunate accident . I don 't think roman would consider us friends . What would he consider you ? I should go . My friends are probably waiting for me . Of course . Where are we ? The grow house of the iwabas , The mystic tribe . We 're looking for a plant with red twigs . It 's called vyre . The faster we find it , The faster we can get out of here . Shh , shh , shh , shh . Roman . What are you doing here ? Well ... The door was open , and I-I just had to look . I 've always been fascinated By the plants of the iwabas . Our plants are the most varied And interesting of all the tribes . This one , for example . Bylek . When plunged into your spinal cord , It paralyzes your sensory and motor nerves , Causing your pain receptors to fire . It will feel like you 're being Skinned alive . Now ... Why don 't you tell me what you 're really doing here ? Last chance , roman . I told you the truth . Mom ? I was just about to tell your mother That we had a date . Here . Is this true ? Yes . Why didn 't you say so before ? Well , with all due respect ... You were going to torture me for just being In the grow house . I didn 't know what you 'd do to me If I said I was gonna meet your daughter . Don 't let me find you here again . It 's fine . You should be careful With roman . He shares his father 's Same perverse love for the humans . His influence is making you weak . Are you done ? Roman is keeping you from embracing your destiny . As a member of this tribe . As a trag . As my daughter . One day soon , you will Have to choose where your loyalties lie : With roman ... Or with your family . We actually have A few interviews for gloria 's video . Not just footage of you Getting yelled at by atrians . The commemoration tomorrow ... It must be hard on your family . I 'm sure you 're thinking about your brother a lot . I think it 'll be hard for everyone there . How are they gonna feel When the atrians show up ? Honestly ? I think a lot of people will hate it . And our video . Well , if you thought that , Then why 'd you offer to help me ? You seemed like you needed it . And I wanted some fried pickles . ? ? Your parents ... Yeah . Your mom 's so ... Stuffy ? Snobby ? Emotionally remote ? I was going to say elegant . I showed gloria the video , and she loved it . But we have to upload it right now . I 'm on it . Save me a seat ? Yeah . Sure . ? ? Roman ... It 's vyre . I 'm only doing this To keep my mother from torturing you . Thank you . Be careful . No one knows how vyre works on humans . It will cure the side-effect of cyper , but ... There 's no telling what else it will do . Keep it moving . I have it . The vyre . Thank god . What do I do with it ? You eat it . But ... Maybe this is too big a risk . After all of your warnings About exposing the secret of cyper ? Look , if anyone finds out how I was cured , They 'll lock me up in a lab , too . I 've spent plenty of time in the hospital . I won 't go back to that . And besides ... You saved my life . This is the least I can do . Sir , I need you to come with me . Welcome . Today we honor those we 've lost , But we also look to the future . It 's time . I 've disabled the security gate That leads into the ship . You should be able to get in and out undetected . But if not Knock ' em dead . I could tell you About the success of our integration program , But I 'll let you see the results for yourselves . I was five when our ship crashed on earth . When we left our home planet , my father told me ... I am the grand patriarch of the red hawks . For too long , the government has hidden The truth about atrians but today , we 'll show you What they don 't want you to see . One day , we 're gonna break down These walls , and you 'll be sorry . Get that video down ! Alien demons , they don 't want to assimilate with us . They want to annihilate us . And hand to god , We will send every last one of them back to hell ! They 're dangerous . Get away from the aliens . They shouldn 't be here . What are we gonna do ? My name is roman . I 'm the son of nox , the late leader of the atrians . I 'm here to say that what you just saw ... There is some truth to that . ? ? ? ? A lot of humans and atrians think that the damage done On arrival day is too big to overcome . We all have friends and loved ones Who 've been warped by this tragedy And think that violence is the only answer . Instead of helping or learning from each other , We go to great lengths to hide the truth . We hold on to our suspicions and our distrust Even when it hurts the innocent . The video was supposed To be of atrians telling their arrival day stories . I 'd like to share mine . That red hawk said that humans don 't want us here . Well , I know that 's not true . Because on arrival day , I met a human girl who saved my life . I wouldn 't be here today if it wasn 't for her . But if I met her today , we couldn 't walk down Without causing harm to one or both of us . That 's the reality of our world . The integration program isn 't perfect . But it has shown me that there are more humans out there Like that girl than there are red hawks . And that gives me hope , hope that someday , We will be able to come together . Please don 't kill me . Please ? I have a family . Don 't kill me , please ? No ! He won 't remember a thing when he wakes up . How 'd you know ? My mother is a leader of the trags . There 's not much I don 't know . But why are you helping out now ? It 's time I embraced my destiny . Nicely done . If it wasn 't for your speech , the integration program And your father 's work would 've gone down the drain . You wouldn 't have given up On integration , though . No . But I 'm only interested in programs that work . Thanks to you , this one still does . As you saw , roman represents the candor and optimism Of his generation , Which will pave the way for integration Across this nation And the world . Find grayson , tell him we 're ready to leave . I can 't believe we had sit through gloria Prattle on about integration . It was worth it to see the look On her face when our video came on . And you 're sure they can 't trace it back to us or grayson ? I handled it . Stop worrying . Emery . Don 't touch me ! Emery , let me explain . Emery , let me explain ! Explain what ? Your father isn 't the grand patriarch For the red hawks , that he didn 't use the footage we shot For that horrible video ? ! I can 't tell you that . Oh , my god ... You used me so you could shoot in the sector . No ! My parents are who they are , okay , but I am not a red hawk . I don 't believe you . It 's true . They must have Stolen the video from me last night . The things your father said , How could you live under the same roof ? Emery , I understand how you feel . I live with it every day . I just pretend to get along with the red hawks . But ... They 're my parents . I can 't be around you right now . Hey , that guard I saw you with earlier- - beaumont . What 'd he want ? It was nothing . It wasn 't nothing . He 's a trag and he 's dangerous . We don 't have to explain ourselves to you . And you don 't have to pretend to care about us anymore . Roman ! It worked ! Uh-huh . It worked . Thank you . You brought me what I asked for . More importantly , you brought my daughter to the fold . I 'm not conflicted anymore . I know where my loyalties lie . You are now a full brother of the trags . We will spill the blood of your enemies As you have spilled the blood of ours . As a reward for completing your mission ... You 'll have a glimpse of what is to come . That 's cyper . Not as you 've seen it before . He was a traitor . One of our spies caught him Giving information to castor behind our back . With loyal soldiers like yourself , We will unleash black cyper on the humans . ? ? Female computerized voice : Mommy ! Oh , here 's my boy . Captioning sponsored by cbs And toyota . Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
