 MAN : Yeah , I can hear her crying . Try that little rock-twist thing I do . That usually soothes her . It worked ? Ha , look at that . Hey , sweetheart , I have to go . Yeah . Give her a kiss for me , would you ? Okay , bye . Hey there . Where you headed ? What you doing out here all by yourself ? What about your parents ? Do they know you 're out here ? - No , sir . - What 's your name , son ? Teddy . Why don 't you hop in , Teddy ? So you were running away ? Yeah . Well , I took off a few times when I was your age . But I bet there 's people out there worried , looking for you . And you know what ? Doesn 't matter what happened . I 'm sure as soon as they see you ... Oh , my God . If I wasn 't looking at him , I wouldn 't believe we caught one . I always thought they were nut-jobs , people who told those stories . Heh . Seeing is believing . OFFICER : Where 'd you pick him up ? MAN : Just off of 940 . Quarter mile down the road from Edina . Teddy , I 'm gonna take your picture . Can you , uh , put your juice down and sit up for me ? I think we should call the papers . - He 's just a kid . - He 's one of them . I don 't care how old he is . People have a right to know . We 're not calling until this goes through proper channels . How much you wanna bet somebody in the proper channels leaks it to ... ? ( DOOR OPENS ) I 'm sorry . ( GUNSHOT ) Fringe s2e12 Johari Window Walter , come on , let 's go . Why do I have to go in there ? Because we 're out of milk . And you haven 't left the house in over a week . You can 't just stay inside watching old movies all the time . Look at all those people , Peter . What if I get lost again ? What if he 's in there ? Walter , he 's not in there . And I promise you I will never let you get kidnapped again . Okay ? No . No . I 'm learning to appreciate cowardice . - The lion had a point . - The lion ? Cowardly Lion . But again , that was just a movie . And there 's no flying monkeys inside the grocery store . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hey . Hey . Can you be ready to go in half an hour ? - Why ? What 's up ? - Three dead cops and a missing kid . - Doesn 't sound like our kind of case . - Yeah , wait till you hear about the kid . BROYLES : John Pekarski was the senior trooper on duty last night . He uploaded his report to the state police database sometime after 9 . According to the coroner , Pekarski and the other two were dead within the hour . And the kid ? He was gone ? - Whoever did this was coming for him . - They didn 't leave any trail . We haven 't found a single print or shell casing . And they took the surveillance hard drive . There was a picture of the kid ? Pekarski uploaded it along with his report . I saw a boy who looked like this once . He was young , like this child . And he played the banjo , I think . It was a haunting melody : ( HUMMING " DUELING BANJOS " ) ( HUMMING " DUELING BANJOS " ) Yes . You saw it too . Yes , I did . It 's a movie , Walter . It 's called Deliverance . We saw it together . Probably not the same boy . According to this report , this kid looked completely normal when Pekarski picked him up . Agent Broyles ? We found something you might wanna look at . We found it in their files . There are 30 or 40 reports in there . Strange stories about these deformed people . Well , some of these are 30 years old . " I saw him change in front of me . Suddenly he was hideous . " Like Trooper Pekarski reported . " Misshapen and deformed . It looked like a cousin of Bigfoot . " Well , that 's clearly wrong . This boy bears no resemblance at all to a Sasquatch . Or a yeti , for that matter . You don 't ... ? You don 't believe in those creatures ? Why shouldn 't I ? Just because no one has documented flying monkeys or talking lions yet hardly means they don 't exist . Agent Frug , my father 's a bit of a shock doc . Don 't let him alarm you . All of these reports were dismissed . There was no corroboration and no hard evidence . But the vast majority of them occurred in the same area . Just outside Edina . That 's where the boy was picked up , walking out of Edina . I guess that 's where we start looking . Dunham . Whatever these things are it seems like they 've managed to hide themselves for a while . From the looks of things they 'll do just about anything to keep it that way . Keep it in mind . Yes , sir . WALTER : I don 't think this is a good idea . It 's okay , we 're just gonna ask a couple of questions . - There may be werewolves in these hills . - Werewolves ? That trooper reported that the boy changed in front of his eyes . So yes , I believe we may be looking for some kind of therianthrope . It 's Greek . Refers to a creature that has , uh , metamorphic ability to shift between being a man and a beast . Mythological , of course . I saw one once when I was a young man studying in London . I was under the influence of a fairly potent blend of hashish . OLIVIA : Guys . Hang on a second . ( FAINT HUMMING ) Do you hear that ? That buzz ? Hmm . ( HUMMING BIZET 'S " TOREADOR SONG " ) ( SINGING ) Hard artichokes rarely keep Norwegian elephants Singapore sleep Hey , uh ... ? What are you singing ? I 've got no idea . It just popped into my head . It must be that buzzing . I can 't stop it . ( HUMMING ) MAN : Agent Dunham ? OLIVIA : Sheriff Velchik . Hi . Thank you for meeting us on such short notice . Oh , of course . Couldn 't help but notice you 've gotten acquainted with the Edina hum . - Yeah , what is that ? - Military base five miles down the road . They have big turbine generators that get loud from time to time . Well , that 's one mystery solved . Why don 't we have some coffee ? Maybe I can help you with the other . So I take it you 've heard about what happened last night to the three troopers in Jonestown . I understand that the perpetrators took a kid . Yeah . My God . You 've never seen anything like that before ? No . I 've never seen a photograph of one of them . Then you have heard the stories ? Of course . Telling those stories is a local pastime . You hear them all over this part of the state . Well , sheriff , this boy was picked up just outside of your town . And the state police have 30 or 40 unconfirmed eyewitness reports . Oh , yeah , we get our fair share of sightings but I 've never been able to confirm them . Nothing like this . Well , we 'd like to see those reports . Of course . Anything I can do . - What is it ? - It 's nothing . Joseph ? Federal agents came into the diner . They had a photograph of Teddy . They were asking questions about the killings . I told you that wasn 't the answer . - What choice did we have ? - Well , what are we gonna do ? I don 't know yet . We didn 't get anything from the autopsies . Looks like the troopers were killed with 12-gauge shotgun blasts . There 's probably a shotgun in every house in this part of the state . You make a good point . You went through all the sheriff 's reports ? They 've had similar sightings , but nothing conclusive . Though Velchik did mention a military base down the road . You floating another government conspiracy theory ? You know me . I never miss a chance for a good conspiracy theory . Okay , I 'll look into it . God , how far away is the hotel ? I 'm exhausted . It 's only supposed to be a couple more miles . Though somebody 's already decided to call it a night . Well , he 's had a big day . You got him out of the house , he 's working a case . Ha , ha . You know , I understand why he 's scared . But it just doesn 't seem like he 's able to snap out of it this time . It reminds me of how he was when we first got him of out of St. Claire 's . I 'm worried he 's starting to go backwards . I think he 's starting to appear no less normal than the rest of us . Heh . I ran into a guy from high school this morning . You should 've seen the look in his eyes when I told him what I did . Like chicks with guns turned him on ? More like I was a freak . Like I had suddenly grown a third eye . Heh . You ever get the feeling doing this job just makes you less and less normal ? Absolutely . ( HORN HONKING ) Olivia ! Hold on ! ( GROANING ) Olivia ? Olivia . ( SNORING ) ( BRANCH CRUNCHING ) - Are we there yet , Peter ? - Walter , get down . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) It 's generally pretty quiet in this area . Not much in the way of dead cops and feds being run off the road . - But you think you shot it ? - Maybe . I don 't know . But it was able to drive off . ( PHONE RINGS ) Yeah ? We 'll be right there . One of our agents found an abandoned truck on the road a mile from here , back towards Edina . Is that the vehicle ? I don 't know . It was heading straight for us . Do we have a preliminary ? No plates , registration . We have a forensic team on the way . OLIVIA : Have them run the truck 's VIN number see if we can track down an owner . Peter . Peter . What ? What is it ? Large Blue . Isn 't she magnificent ? I 've never seen one this big on this continent . Look , Olivia . I know a certain lepidopterist who will be simply thrilled . I have to get my kit from the car . Ah . ( HUMMING ) OLIVIA : Peter , look . It 's blood . AGENT : Over here . We 've got something . Careful , Peter . FRUG : You shot at the creature , right ? - Yeah , I ... Yeah . Sure you saw what you think you saw ? Agent Frug , what happened here is simple . My son shot a beast , we found a man . Obviously , the creature transformed in the interim . Peter , do you realize the significance of this ? We may have found a creature with metamorphic ability . ( SINGING ) Artichokes rarely keep Norwegian elephants Singapore sleep There was no ID on the guy , so we 're gonna run some prints . And you had no choice . First time I killed someone , the guy was a trained killer . If I hadn 't pulled the trigger , I 'd be dead . I still didn 't sleep that night . Or the next . I 'm just saying , the first time 's rough . Take the ramp down to the left . ( COW MOOING ) You 're good . Just follow the mooing . ( PHONE RINGS ) - Dunham . - Everyone okay there ? - More or less . Thanks . - I got a call from our military liaison . There 's something to the rumors of military testing at Edina . The Army was there in the late ' 70s conducting classified experiments . - Anything to do with metamorphic ability ? - Not that I can tell . The Pentagon files have been almost entirely redacted . I 've put a call in to the DOD . In the meantime , I 'M faxing you what we have . Right down here . Just put it right here . Perfect . Thanks , fellas . Agent Farnsworth , help me with my kit . I have to get to work , but there 's a wonderful specimen there for my favorite fan of four-winged fauna . I think you 'll be quite tickled . OLIVIA : Peter , look at this . The military experiment they did in Edina was called Project Elephant . Walter 's song . Walter , were you involved in any military testing in Edina ? Not that I recall . I 'm sure I 'd remember something as exciting as human metamorphosis . It 's another one that won 't unzip . Ugh . Walter , it 's very sweet of you to remember how much I love butterflies but you forgot how much I hate moths . What have you done to it ? ASTRID : Excuse me ? You saw it , Peter . It was an astounding creature . Nothing like this . Its wing is deformed . Walter , if that 's your idea of a joke it 's really not very funny . ( SCREAMS ) WALTER : Oh , my . You 'll want to add some wild thyme to the jar , dear . It 's possible we could get the moth to transform back . It really was the most beautiful butterfly . I 'll believe that when I see it . I understand what you 're saying about the moth and man transforming the same way . I don 't understand how it 's possible . It 's likely that both developed the ability in response to the same experimental stimulus . Slide . - You mean the military testing ? - Exactly . Well , why would the military be testing a butterfly ? Butterfly has two stages of life . It 's one of the few creatures with a demonstrated ability to abruptly change its body structure . Makes it a wonderful alpha-test subject . - That 's odd . - What ? There 's no sign of histolysis or histogenesis . Nothing to suggest a metamorphic ability . I just don 't understand how he could possibly have transformed himself . So we didn 't get a match on the fingerprints . We did get a hit with the VIN number . It was registered to Joe Falls . The address on the registration was old . The house had been torn down . - But he was from Edina ? - Yeah . Joe Falls ? He worked at the mill . Still does odd jobs now and then . That thing that tried to run you off the road you think that could be him ? It 's possible . There was no photo on his file so we haven 't been able to make a positive ID . Do you have any idea where he 's been living recently ? Well , the last I heard , uh he 'd moved to the outskirts of town , but I couldn 't say where . I mean , I 'm happy to ask around for you . We 'd also like to have a look at the town records . See if we can find a last known address or a photo so that we can ID him . Sure . I 'll take you over to town hall . Did you finish the analysis on the blood sample from the moth ? Yes , I did . It had some sort of genetic disorder . Ah . Germ-line mutation , just as I thought . This man has the exact same disorder . Is that what you think lets them transform ? No , the mutation is what makes them deformed . I have no idea what makes them transform . - Walter ? - It 's curious . I have this strange feeling that I 've seen this mutation before . ( HUMMING ) Please , not that song again . It 's giving me a headache . Ah , yeah . ( SINGING ) Hard artichokes rarely keep Norwegian elephants Singapore sleep The testing at Edina . Project Elephant . I think that 's where I 've seen this mutation before . Maybe I did work on Project Elephant , like Agent Dunham said . Hmm . So why did I put them to a song ? Mm-mm . Wait a second . Walter , what are the words again ? ( SINGING ) Hard artichokes rarely keep Norwegian elephants Singapore sleep Singapore sleep . Uh , does " Harkness " mean anything to you ? Harkness is a library at the law school . The song is a mnemonic , yes ? You must have done it on purpose , Walter . Yes . So , what 's at the law-school library ? Come along , Astrid . Let 's find out . There 's nothing in the housing records on a Joe Falls . There 's nothing in the tax records either . The whole " F " section is gone . Anyone whose last name starts with " F. " You can 't just check these records out . No , but you can steal them . Let 's check the federal records . If he lived here , he must be on the census . WALTER : This is it . I remember it . Hey , Walter ? What happened to you in Edina ? You 're like a different person since you got back . I 've always found work to be restorative . When Peter was sick , it was the only thing that kept me going . Amazing how it heals the soul . Oh , look . Devil Dogs . I love these . Walter , we can get you a fresh one . WALTER : Oh , my . They 're deformed . Just like that man in the lab . I understand now . There 's nothing on Joe Falls in 1990 . - Anything in 2000 ? - Mm-mm . There anything in there on the current population of Edina ? Uh , nineteen hundred and forty-three . It was on the sign . Why ? I don 't know . There 's just something strange about these census numbers . Between the years of 1990 and 2000 , 17 people died , 47 people were born . That 's the only change in the population . ( PHONE RINGS ) Sheriff . Uh , some of your tax files are missing . Uh , all of the section " F , " including Falls . I might know who 's responsible . The tax collector said that Falls had moved out to the edge of town . He 's living in a trailer with his wife and his son . - How old is the boy ? - He said he was 7 or 8 . - I 've got an address , if you wanna meet . - Yeah . That would be great . Thanks . We 'll see you there . They don 't know anything . There 's nothing to worry about . It 's going to be fine . WOMAN : You 're wrong , Paul . They found out . Rose , I know you have a special interest in this but they don 't know anything . They have a photograph . They have proof . Others have come before . I 'm going to take care of this . I 'll make it all go away . So the man and the moth didn 't transform at all ? No . This was something else entirely . In the late ' 70s , the Army became obsessed with finding a new way to camouflage soldiers . They started experimenting with electromagnetic pulses . - For camouflage ? - Mm , yeah . The eye converts electromagnetic energy into something the brain can understand . That 's how vision works . The Army thought if they could generate a massive electromagnetic pulse then they could effectively scramble the optic nerve and , at the right frequency make the soldiers invisible to the naked eye . - And you consulted on this project . - Briefly . It was after I left that they realized that prolonged exposure to the pulse has a horrible side effect . An incurable genetic disorder . This moth and that deformed man are the victims , or the children of the victims , of that experiment . So how does that explain their ability to change , Walter ? Here . Stop , stop , stop . Stop here . - Come , come . Leave the lights on . ASTRID : Walter . Walter , what are you doing ? What do you see ? I see the moth . Come here , please . WALTER : Now what do you see ? A friend of mine once wrote that sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . - How is it doing that ? - It isn 't . The man and the moth don 't change at all . What changes is our perception of them . Walter , Walter , slow down . You 're saying that this pulse allows us to see these deformed people as if they were normal ? Yes . Somebody must have perfected the military 's camouflage technology to hide the deformities that the first tests created . Then so long as we stay within range of the pulse ... Then these poor souls appear totally normal . So that 's the Edina hum . That 's the sound that the pulse makes . Yes . Yes , I believe so . Walter , do you know who could have perfected this technology ? Well , no , no . It would be extremely difficult . Apart from Cobb , no one else would have the expertise . Cobb ? Who 's Cobb ? Edward Cobb was the scientist who dreamed up Project Elephant . He would be the only one with the imagination and the know-how . Walter , I want you and Astrid to head back home . - But given my knowledge ... - Walter , listen to me . Somebody has a lot invested in keeping this a secret . They 've killed people , tried to kill us . I don 't wanna worry about you . Oh , well , that 's very sweet of you , son . I 'll see you back at home . What did Peter say ? He wants us to head into town to try and find the source of the electromagnetic pulse . There 's been too much bloodshed . It 's just making things worse . You got your boy back . Would you rather we let them keep him ? You 're killing innocent people . It 's time to give this up . There are real consequences . Sure . There are real stakes here . You gotta let me do my job and keep this town safe . Killing federal officers is the best way to put a stop to this ? It did the last time . That federal marshal a few years ago ? No one came looking for him , did they ? We 've all got jobs to do , Rose . Stick to the machine . That 's your job . Walter , what kind of device are we looking for ? Any number of things could transmit the pulse . A large capacitor bank or some form of compression generator . What about a satellite dish ? They have them all over town . ( LAUGHS ) Those are for television , dear . Given how little there is to do here , I imagine they watch a lot of it . What we 're looking for is something that could relay the discharge from a microwave conversion of large energy pulses . What about a big antenna ? Yes , yes . That would do , I suppose . Something like that ? Well done , Asterisk . Are you sure we should just knock on the door like this ? WALTER : Rose . That was Edward 's daughter . He used to carry her around the lab on his shoulders . Oh , hello . Is your mother home ? - No . - Ah . Your mother is Rose ? And your grandfather , his name was Edward Cobb ? Who are you ? I 'm Walter Bishop . Your grandfather was a friend of mine . May we come in ? Oh , look . That 's Edward Cobb . And that 's Rose . Do you have any more recent pictures of your mother ? - We don 't own a camera . - No , of course . Cameras have no optic nerve . The photos would only show their deformities . You have to go . I 'm not supposed to have strangers in the house . Quite right . But may I use your bathroom ? You know , my mother will be home soon . You should go . We will . First I 'll go , and then we 'll go . But where is the bathroom ? - Down the hall . Second door on the left . - Thank you . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Is that Operation ? Agh . I love this game . Joe Falls is in his 30s . He 's too young to be one of the soldiers they tested . Yeah , it would have had to have been his father . I guess folks with that kind of deformity don 't tend to leave home . You still stuck on that census data ? There 's just something weird about these numbers . I went back 30 years , and the only time the population goes down is when somebody dies . OLIVIA : What about when people move ? No , that 's just it . They don 't . Nobody ever leaves this town . Are you saying that you think they 're ... ? That everyone in Edina is one of them ? Get down ! PETER : We can take cover in the barn . OLIVIA : Go , go ! ( BUZZES ) - Whoops . - My turn . Going for the wishbone . ( GENERATOR SHUTS OFF ) WALTER : Oh , my . Easy . Easy . It 's just me . Drop the gun . I said , drop the gun . ( SHOTGUN COCKS ) - Paul . - Go home , Rose . ROSE : The original pulse deformed the whole town . My father couldn 't live with himself afterwards . He couldn 't leave all those people like that . According to our files , your father resigned from his commission in 1979 . Yes . He came back to Edina and worked tirelessly on his machine until he perfected it . Then he offered the inhabitants a choice . A choice ? Live as you are , deformed but free to roam the world or confine yourself to Edina where the pulse would allow you to hide in broad daylight . And the people voted to stay . They realized the pulse would allow them to look beyond their deformities and see each other for who they really were . They chose the only normal life they could have . PETER : And your father ? He chose to stay among you ? He chose because of you , didn 't he , Rose ? Last time I saw you , you were a little girl . A perfectly healthy little girl . My mother and I , we lived in Edina . - We were part of the experiment . - Your father experimented on you ? No . The Army never told him they were expanding the scope of the test . Rose . I remember your father fondly . He believed that invisibility would save lives and he finally solved the problem . My father tried to create a good life for me here for all of us , and he succeeded . ( CAR APPROACHING ) Doctor Bishop . You can 't make this public , Agent Broyles . We need to let them keep their secret . Dr. Bishop , three state troopers were killed . And those responsible were brought to justice . But the rest of these people you have no idea what will happen to them . Doctor Bishop ... They 'll have no choice but to study these people . To examine them , to test them , to humiliate them . Doctor Bishop , did you find the machine ? The one that transforms them ? Please . Agent Broyles . These people have been harmed enough . - We simply can 't ... - Doctor Bishop . I don 't think you 're understanding me . If you didn 't find the machine there 's nothing to report . Thank you . ( FAINT HUMMING ) Remarkable how Rose was willing to expose her secret to right a wrong . So very brave of her . You did something brave too . The way you spoke up for those people , you didn 't have to do that , Walter . I 'm proud of you . I 'm glad you choose to see me the way you do . Very glad indeed .
