 NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : Surgeries that Newton performed . He was removing transplanted brain tissue . You nearly died when you were a boy . Walternate found a cure for Peter . - Walter , Peter is dead . - I 'm talking about the other Peter . The one on the Other Side . I 'm not from here , am I ? - Son ... - I am not your son . Peter checked himself out of the hospital three hours ago . He 's gone . Drink that , avoid radar , you 'll be in Oakland in no time . And that is for you , Raymond . And your burger should be up in a minute . So where was I ? You were telling me how you moved around but now I 'm hopelessly intrigued with these CDs . I 'm sort of known here by the regulars for my play-lists . I base my tracks on people 's aura . How often do I have to come here to be considered a regular ? I might be able to get you on the list . First you have to tell me where you 're from . Technically ? I 'm from no place you 've ever heard of . But let 's just say Boston . So how long are you here for ? Well , I was just planning on the one night , passing through . To ? I don 't know yet . Okay , Peter from Boston . I 'll burn you one . Really ? What did I do right ? KRISTA : It 's a long road to " I don 't know yet . " I wanna make sure you stay awake out there . And I ... I like your eyes . So there 's that . Where are you staying ? I 'm staying at the Drake 's Bay Motel . I 'll drop it by after my shift . Okay , I 'll see you then . I 'll see you then . ( PETER CHUCKLES ) ( GROANS ) ( ELECTRIC HUMMING ) ( PANTING ) ( STAMMERING ) What are you doing to me ? Fringe s2e21 Norhwest Passage ( MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY OVER TV ) Your room 's got a bed , you know . What time is it ? Six am . Did a pretty girl happen to drop by here ? ( CHUCKLES ) ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? ( CLICKING AND WHIRRING OVER PHONE ) Krista ? ( MUFFLED STATIC OVER PHONE ) Hello ? PETER : Destination . CAR : Please say a city name . - Portland . CAR : Portland . - Please proceed to the highlighted route . - That was obviously way too easy . - Destination . CAR : Please say a city name . Mars . CAR : Sorry . Please say the city name . How you doing ? Sheriff Mathis . This is Deputy Ferguson . Hi , there . Peter Bishop . Were you a customer here last night ? PETER : I was . Do you remember your waitress ? Krista . Sure . Why , did something happen to her ? You have any identification on you ? Of course . Krista told a co-worker she was planning to meet you after her shift ? Are you going to tell me what 's going on ? You first . Yeah , we made plans . But she never showed up . She was gonna meet at my motel . Drake 's Bay . I fell asleep in the lobby . You can call the front desk , ask the guy there . Why don 't you just hang here a sec , okay ? MATHIS : Where are you going ? - Who are you looking for ? - Um ... No one . - Aw , come on . You gotta be kidding me . - Krista Manning went missing last night . You talked to her . You two spent some time , I 'd just like to hear about it . And I 'd like to do that at the station , okay ? B-I-S-H-O-P . Uh , six feet , brown hair . PETER : Officer , I wasn 't staying under the name Bishop . I was registered under the name Stewart . Yeah , he says he stayed under the name Stewart . Right . Okay , thanks , Tom . Tom at Drake 's Bay confirms he was passed out in the lobby all night . Why did you check in to the motel under an assumed name ? DISPATCHER ( OVER RADIO ) : Sheriff ? This is Mathis , go ahead . DISPATCHER ( OVER RADIO ) : Dogs found a body . Spillway off Route 219 , at Mile Marker 8 . White female . Coroner 's on his way . Oh , my God . DISPATCHER : Noyo Search and Rescue , what 's your 20 ? MAN ( OVER RADIO ) : ETA about 45 . Confirm this is recovery , not rescue . DISPATCHER : That 's right , Wes . It 's a bad one . Coroner says victim had some sort of operation done to her . A piece of her skull cut out . Over . Sheriff , can you let me out of this car ? Please , I 'm sorry , but you 're gonna have to be patient . Hold on for one second . I was listening to your radio . They said she had a piece of her skull cut out . Is she missing a part of her brain ? I know that 's a weird question . Ask the coroner whether she 's missing a piece of her temporal lobe . Please . How the hell did you know that ? MATHIS : You 're FBI , huh ? What exactly is a civilian consultant ? Sometimes people with certain areas of expertise can offer them to the Bureau on a consulting basis . - My area of expertise is weird . - What , you mean difficult to explain ? No , I mean the strange . The inexplicable . So , uh can you talk me through this again ? - You knew that they took her ... - Temporal lobe . Temporal lobe because it 's like a case you worked on before ? Exactly . We were never able to catch those responsible . So that 's why you 're out here ? You 're tracking them down ? No . But I think that they may be tracking me down . - What would they want with you ? PETER : I 'm not sure yet . I thought I saw one of them earlier at the crime scene . His name is Newton . And I think they called me at the Drake 's Bay Motel . There was no voice on the other end of the line . Just static . And then a series of strange noises and clicks . I think they killed Krista to find me . By taking her brain ? I told her where I was staying . She 's the only person who knew . Why wouldn 't they just ask her where you were staying ? Or force her . I mean , why cut out her brain ? It 's possible they needed details about me she didn 't know she had . - I 'm sorry , I 'm not following . - I know that this is complicated . I 'm sorry that I can 't give you all the answers , but the case is classified . It is possible , however , that I could show you what I mean . Just give me a minute . I 'm gonna go make a few calls , Peter . Of course . ( RINGING ) Bishop . Where are you ? I 'll save you the trace . I 'm in Washington State . ( OVER PHONE ) Look , I need a favor . You 're to get a call from Noyo County Sheriff 's Department . They 're checking my credentials . BROYLES ( OVER PHONE ) : Are you in trouble ? In fact , just the opposite . I stumbled into an investigation , and I offered them my services . We 'll ask them to extend every courtesy . PETER ( OVER PHONE ) : Thank you . Listen . I don 't want you to tell Walter where I am . ( OVER PHONE ) In fact , I don 't even want you to tell him that we spoke . If you owe me anything , you owe me that . Okay . But Bishop if you change your mind , I 'll send someone to pick you up . Thanks . I gotta go . Take care of yourself . PETER : Krista seemed like a sweet girl . You know her ? MATHIS : She and my sister went to school together . So explain this to me . PETER : The temporal lobe is responsible for memory . Think of the brain as the greatest recording device ever created . Every sight , sound , smell , all recorded in perfect detail . Imagine that there was a way to get that data out of the brain . So , what I said , what I was wearing , what time it was where I was staying ... I know how it sounds . But believe me , if you can imagine it , it 's possible . If that 's true if they were trying to find you , why didn 't they just come for you last night ? I don 't know . These are not your ordinary bad guys . - The tissue 's pink . - Yes , and it 's not normally like that . It happens when our bodies metabolize adrenaline so her adrenals must have spiked right before she died . Oh , my God . " Find the crack " ? That is the worst police slogan I 've ever heard . It 's not a slogan . In the darkness there 's always a crack . It 's how the light gets in . Ferguson gave it to me on our first case together . Nobody else thought I could hack it , but ... It 's an inside joke . - Looks expensive . - Yeah . That 's what he keeps telling me . ( CHUCKLES ) If that 's an accurate account of your statement , please sign it . It is very . I 'm gonna get a room at the Northwest Passage . Staying under the name of Gene Cowan . If you need me , that 's where I 'm at . You sure you don 't want a police escort ? Ha , ha . No , I 'll be fine . You say there are people cutting people 's brains out to find you and you 're smiling ? They may have found me , but now that I know they 're here for sure I 've found them too . And now we 're gonna catch them . What ? I don 't know about this guy . He knew his way around there . He was like a medical examiner . He knew the brain , biology , medications . FERGUSON : Doesn 't mean he 's legit . You read books about UFOs and Roswell , whacked-out theories and government conspiracies . I think that you want to believe . What makes you trust him ? I don 't know . I 'm a good judge of character . I 'm the only one here who likes you . ( FERGUSON CHUCKLES ) ( DOORBELL BUZZES ) Closed . What do you want ? You open up , I 'll make it worth your while . ( PHONE RINGING ) Mathis ? ( MUFFLED STATIC OVER PHONE ) ( PHONE RINGING ) - What do you want from me ? - Peter , it 's Mathis . - Who did you tell ? - What are you talking about ? Just now , I got one of those phone calls . They know where I 'm staying . And I only told you . - I didn 't ... - Then ask your partner . That 's what I 'm calling about , Peter . Ferguson 's ... Ferguson 's disappeared . PETER : The last time you spoke with him ? - About two hours . He went back to where Krista 's body was found . Felt we missed something . That means he disappeared a half hour before I got the last phone call . You think they used him to find you . Like they used Krista ? What is it that makes you special ? Why haven 't they taken you ? I don 't know . I don 't even know what it all means . But I do know that these people have the answers . That 's why I need to find them . All right . Call your friends at the FBI , let 's get them . - No . - The FBI has the expertise , resources . And if we call the FBI , they 're gonna descend on this place and these people will disappear . I am this close and I am going to get my answers . You said you got calls at Drake 's Bay and Northwest Passage , right ? PETER : Yes . - Mm-hm . We pulled those phone records . Those calls never happened . These people can pull memories out of brains . Think they can 't make a couple calls disappear ? People have been doing that since the ' 70s . I understand . You don 't want me to be right . Because if I 'm right , that means your partner is most likely dead . Hey , Peter with the exception of who you are I haven 't been able to verify anything you 've said to me . It 's either classified , or it 's incredible ... I 'm calling the Bureau . But your partner did disappear . And I did talk to Krista . And I did get those phone calls . What if he 's alive ? What if he 's out there thinking I 'm doing everything in my power including calling the FBI , to save him ? Then that is all the more reason for us to find him ourselves . If you make that phone call , we never will . Excuse me , please . Thank you . " Toaster Pastry . " Cornstarch . Soy lecithin . " Potassium bromate . " Potassium bromate ! This supermarket is trying to kill us . You . Potassium bromate . Do you know what that is ? - Are you okay , sir ? - It is known to induce renal cell tumors . - Mesotheliomas of the peritoneum . - Can I call someone for you ? Do you know what you 're putting into our bodies ? Death . Delicious strawberry-flavored death ! - Okay , I 'm calling Security . - Yes ! ( SOBBING ) They had no right to make me wait at the police station . It 's the makers of those Toaster Pastries that should be in jail . ASTRID : Let it go , Walter . You 're home now and you 're safe . I wasn 't expecting guests . Walter , why didn 't you tell me you needed help ? What am I going to do , call you every time I run out of pudding pops ? - Yes , if you need them . - I need to learn to care for myself . If Peter doesn 't come back ... Walter . They 'll send me back to the hospital , won 't they ? I won 't let that happen . WALTER : Thank you . I do . I do need pudding pops . We don 't know if he made it , but this is the last place he said he was going . Isn 't it protocol for him to call once he gets here ? Well , sometimes he doesn 't do that . Dummy . ( MUFFLED STATIC NEARBY ) ( BEEPING ) ( GUNSHOT NEARBY ) Bishop ! Bishop . ( MUFFLED STATIC NEARBY ) MATHIS : Peter . - Mathis . - What did you see ? I saw Newton and one other guy . You didn 't see them too ? They came running right past you . What 's wrong ? What the hell are you doing , Bishop ? Put down that gun . Who are you ? Bishop , lower your weapon . In the morgue , you dropped something . Who gave it to you ? What is wrong with you ? Answer the question ! The ... My pen ? It was a gift from Ferguson , my partner . Why is there blood on your jacket ? There is blood on my jacket because there is blood on my wrist which I got when I fell running . Show me . I 'm sorry . I needed to know that your blood was still red . What other color would it be ? So these , uh , shape-shifters they make themselves look like other people ? Yeah , it 's a technology unlike anything you 've ever seen before . Peter ... ( SIGHS ) ... I wanna level with you . I , uh believe in the unknown . Yeah . " Find the crack , " I get it . No , I mean I read books about UFOs and conspiracy theories , but I do think ... I mean , I am wondering right now if you are not completely off your rocker . - They were there . - Didn 't see them . - Or the dart they shot . - You didn 't because they removed it . I know how this must look from your point of view . I was there , too , but ... You just did it . - Did what ? - You just questioned your own sanity . - I 'm not questioning ... - When was the last time you slept ? I 'm not hallucinating . And I 'm not paranoid and I 'm not questioning my own sanity . I was wondering why you would listen to me . You 're desperate . Ferguson is more than just your partner , isn 't he ? So there is something between the two of you . You said back at the precinct that I was trying to rationalize that he was still alive . You may be right . I may be doing it right now . He may be dead . But I won 't believe it until I see his body . I can 't . ( CELL PHONE RINGS ) Mathis . You want me to go look ? Sheriff , the victim 's a white female , she has part of her skull missing . I don 't recognize this girl . - You 've never seen her before ? - No , I 've never seen her before . Who is she ? HEATHER : I talked to Gwynn right before her shift ended . We 'd talked about her coming over last night to help me color my hair . I figured she just got tired . I should have called her . You couldn 't have known . I 'm sorry . Did your sister ever hang out at the Hilltop Cafe ? I don 't think so . What about the Mosser Brothers gas station on Route 202 ? I filled up there on the way in . Her pickup 's a diesel , and I don 't think Mosser 's carries ... Drake 's Bay Motel ? Would she ever go there for any reason ? What 's this about ? Just part of our investigation . If you could just write down your address for us ? She is grieving and you are not getting anywhere . ( VIOLET SEDAN CHAIR 'S " SHE 'S DOING FINE " PLAYING ON RECORD PLAYER ) Hadron super-collider is less complicated than that infernal dishwasher . Next time don 't use laundry detergent and the dishwasher will work fine . Thank you , Astrid . You 're a federal agent . I doubt during your years of training that you had dreams of babysitting a helpless old man . You are not that helpless . A little disorganized maybe . Don 't you usually keep this in the bathtub ? Walter ? I took this car from the Zelazny building . Objects from the other universe , like this emit a glimmer . A distinctive energy signature . It may be possible to detect that signature . - So ? - So I need you to gather objects from the Other Side that we recovered from the Zelazny Building . - Bring them to the lab . - Why ? To build a device to read that energy signature . Peter emits the same energy , don 't you see ? This is how we will find Peter . I must have seen Gwynn somewhere . Or she had to have seen me . She has to have had some value to them . Some knowledge they needed . Go to your motel , get your things . We 'll get you something to eat and you can stay at my house tonight . It 's okay , I 'll be fine . You 're my only connection to finding Bill right now . I want you safe . What color was Gwynn 's truck ? Tan brown . Driver 's side window 's rolled down . Glove compartment 's open . Okay , so this girl pulls over her truck rolls down the window and then opens up the glove box . - You tell me , why would she do that ? - She got pulled over by a cop . Or someone pretending to be a cop . Or Bill . - Pretending to be Bill ? - These shape-shifters they take on the appearance of people in positions of authority . - Where are you going ? - I 'm calling the FBI . PETER : Why ? First you said they cut out his brain to find you now you tell me he may have been shape-shifted ? Which is it , Peter ? Did I make a mistake not calling the FBI ? I am very scared right now . Wait . Wait , wait . Just hold on for one second . When they were taken , they must have been afraid . And when killed , they were terrified . - So ? - So I know how to find them . You know how airplanes have black boxes ? To record flight data , sure . Yeah , well , human bodies collect data as well . Both Krista and Gwynn 's muscle tissue was flooded with adrenaline . Yeah , I remember . Well , the tissue would have partially metabolized the adrenaline . We can measure the absorption rate . Which will tell us when the adrenaline was produced . What about Newton ? How does that help us find him ? Look , normally , your adrenaline levels are flat . Then you experience fear . A spike in adrenaline . Sometime later , you experience more fear . Say , in the moments before you 're killed . Another spike . Two points of fear . We know where the girls were abducted . So if we can determine the amount of time between intervals ... Then we can figure out where they were killed . Exactly right . There is one more thing . We 're gonna need a control sample . Could you stick that in the centrifuge ? - It 's that thing right over there . - Oh . - Hey . - I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I just needed to scare you . ( SIGHS ) I 'm gonna need to take a tissue sample from you . BROYLES : How is Dr. Bishop doing ? Walter 's trying to adjust to a very difficult situation . He 's concerned about being sent back to St. Claire 's . ( SIGHS ) Will he be able to function if Peter doesn 't come back ? I 'm sure that Peter will come back . Do you know something ? Have you spoken to him ? Krista 's spikes were 42 minutes apart . So assuming that Newton drove the speed limit , 60 miles an hour ... On these roads that 'd be a good way to get killed . He 'd stick to 45 . All right , 45 . Okay , center point is where Krista was taken . At 45 miles per hour farthest they could have gone is 31 and a half miles . Gywnn , our second victim was taken much farther out . Almost the other side of county . Her adrenaline spikes were 57 minutes apart . Again , factoring 45 miles per hour ... I think that 's it . That 's our kill zone . You 're assuming he killed them both in the same place . They were using complex equipment . Not easy to move . Much simpler to bring them to a specified location . Some place out of the way . Like an old dairy farm ? PETER : Just ask him something only he would know . MATHIS : Hello there . It 's , uh , Craig , right ? CRAIG : Yeah . MATHIS : I don 't know if you remember but , uh , I think you were in choir with my sister up at St. Andrew 's . Actually , I was at Good Shepherd . Good memory , though , heh . Yeah . Good Shepherd . That 's right . So , uh , what can I do for you ? Your old dairy farm up the hill , could there be people up there ? - People ? - Yeah , you get up there often ? CRAIG : No , not much since we shut it down . Why ? Okay . You got 12 outbuildings . The milking parlors , the barn , and the holding stalls . MATHIS : Those are all good places to hide . - That 's a lot of ground to cover . I 'm gonna go call backup to help with the search . CRAIG : Need any help with the search ? - I think it 's best if you stay here . - Let me get you the keys . - Sure . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Who are you ? Where 's Newton ? Peter , stop . I couldn 't stop . The girls , I wanted to be close to them . I just couldn 't stop . Where is he ? Where 's Ferguson ? What did you do to him ? MATHIS : Bill ? Bill . Peter . Bill . Bill . He 's still breathing , thank God . Bill . It 's just ink , there 's no incision here . I 'm gonna go call an ambulance . Bill , stay with me , baby . I 'm here . I 'm here now . I 'm here for you . I don 't know what to say . You saved Bill 's life and you tracked a killer , what else is there to say ? I wish there was something I could do for you . Whatever your experiences are whatever you can 't or won 't tell me about I think you 're looking for meaning in things that have no meaning . I don 't know who I am anymore . When I was in college my family was killed . Murdered . I 'm sorry . Sometimes I still think one day I might catch whoever did it . I was alone for a long time but I 've found my place . You will too . WALTER : Once we isolate the glimmer , we can find Peter . Is the spectrograph ready , Agent Farnsworth ? - Walter , you put in the wrong numbers . - No , I believe they are correct . No , they 're not . But then you know that already , don 't you ? I thought you wanted to find Peter . What if he won 't forgive me , Astrid ? All I have now is hope . Hope he 'll come to understand why I did the things I did . But if I find him , and he won 't forgive me , what do I have then ? - Hey . ASTRID : Hey , Olivia . OLIVIA : Walter . - I found Peter . - Where ? OLIVIA : He 's in Washington State . I 'm heading to the airport now . Would you like to come with me , Walter ? I 'll need to pack a bag . ( BAND OF HORSES ' " IS THERE A GHOST " PLAYING OVER HEADPHONES ) I could sleep I could sleep I could sleep I could sleep When I lived alone Is there a ghost in my house ? My house ... Peter . Peter . Mr. Secretary . Hello , son .
