 ( HEART MONITOR BEEPING ) PRIEST : Through this holy anointing may the Lord , in his love and mercy help you with the grace of the Holy Spirit . May the Lord who frees you from sin save you and in his goodness raise you up . Are you ready ? ( SIGHS ) ( MACHINE BEEPS ) ( EKG FLAT-LINING ) Time of death , 5 : 21 am . ( SIGHS ) NEWELL : We have a team assembled and waiting . Ms. Donovan , I 'm afraid we need to begin the procedures right away . ( SIGHS ) I love you . MAN : Hurry up . The core temp 's dropping . NEWELL : Where 's the list ? MAN : Here . NEWELL : Check that . WOMAN 1 : We 'll be able to coordinate that with the transplant team . WOMAN 2 : Great . Do we have a time frame ? WOMAN 1 : Not yet . Lean it over . HALPERIN : I 'm gonna begin with the kidneys . The heart and lung block are gonna come last . - Clamping off the renal artery now . NURSE : Yes , doctor . HALPERIN : All right , I got the first one . NURSE : Oh , my God ! She 's alive ! HALPERIN : Get a trauma team . Six-eight-three-three-nine alpha-echo-three-five-eight . Six-eight-three-three-nine alpha-echo-three-five-eight . Fringe s2e11 Unearthed BROYLES : The girl 's name is Lisa Donovan . She 's a high-school junior . She collapsed during gym class last week and slipped into a coma . Doctors diagnosed a cerebral aneurism . She was brain dead . Her mother made the decision to take her off life support . And then she woke up from the dead , screaming random numbers . This is Lieutenant Commander Turlough , United States Navy . He 's here because it turns out those numbers weren 't random . They 're an alpha-numeric code . The lead surgeon did two tours on an aircraft carrier . He recognized one section as lineal identification for sailors in the U.S. Navy . That 's when I got the call . The first half of the sequence is ID information for a petty officer named Andrew Rusk . The second half are launch codes for ICBM missiles aboard a nuclear submarine he was stationed on , the USS Gloucester . How do classified launch codes get into the hands of a 17-year-old girl ? TURLOUGH : Exactly , that 's what I wanna ask Rusk . If he 's revealing these codes , he 's committing high treason . I tried contacting him . His wife told me she reported him missing . - That was three days ago . PETER : Just to ask you 've considered there 's some connection between Rusk and the girl ? None that we 're aware of . As far as we can tell , there 's never been any contact between Donovan and Rusk . Well , I suppose that 's where we come in . - So how is she ? BROYLES : Scared , as you can imagine . LISA : I 'm sorry , uh I 've never seen him before . The numbers that you repeated do you know what they are or do you remember hearing them before ? I don 't even remember saying them . Sorry . Well , at least they got you some nice balloons . I guess they couldn 't find ones that said " welcome back from the dead . " Yeah . I imagine those would be more of a special-order kind of thing . OLIVIA : Lisa , I just have a couple more questions . The man 's name is Andrew Rusk . Does that ring any bells ? ( SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN ) Lisa ? ( SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN ) - What 's happening ? - She 's speaking Russian . But she doesn 't speak Russian . ( SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN ) Lisa ? Are you okay ? Mom . - What 's happening to me ? - I don 't know , but you 're fine now . No more questions . Please , she should rest . Of course . TURLOUGH : Rusk is fluent in Russian . He would have learned it during his training . - Any idea what " little star " is ? - Uh ... Moya zvyozdochka means " little star " in Russian . I dated a Russian girl . Most of what I picked up was curse words , but ... Hey where 's Walter ? PETER : Walter . Shh . I 'm trying to listen . Listening to what ? These people are in comas . They can 't hear you . Don 't judge him . He 's my son and despite his narrow-mindedness , I 'm quite proud . Do you honestly think you 're communicating with her ? Why shouldn 't I be ? No one truly understands the nature of human consciousness , Peter . I 've read documented cases of coma patients waking up and claiming that they had moved , spirit-like , to remote locations and witnessed events they couldn 't possibly have knowledge of . In fact , I wouldn 't be surprised if that 's what 's happened to the young lady . Yeah . Uh ... So you 're saying that you think while Lisa Donovan died for a moment her spirit somehow left her body and floated over Andrew Rusk while he was telling somebody else those launch codes ? Well , " floated over " is a tad specific but , uh , something like that , yes . It 's a theory . It certainly is . OLIVIA : Hi . MAUREEN : Agent Dunham , I apologize if I was rude earlier . How is she ? MAUREEN : They don 't have any answers , and now she 's running a fever . They want to run more tests . We got into a fight the morning she collapsed . I wouldn 't let her take the car . All she has is a learner 's permit . And then I got the call from school but by the time I got to the hospital she was in a coma . But , you know , I never thought that I would get a chance to tell her how much I loved her again . ( SIGHS ) God gave her back to me . Your daughter 's been through a lot and so have you . I want permission to have Dr. Bishop examine her . What for ? OLIVIA : I think he can help her . I think it might help find Andrew Rusk . There 's nothing more that she can tell you . ( MAN WHISPERING IN RUSSIAN ) ( SCREAMS ) He was here . - That man , he was here . - Shh . Honey . LISA : Andrew Rusk , the man in the picture . He was here . I saw him . OLIVIA : We searched the hospital for Rusk , got nothing . And Maureen Donovan won 't let us near her daughter . She said that our disruptive presence is what caused Lisa to hallucinate . Can she explain her kid speaking Russian ? Or knowing ICBM launch codes ? Oh , uh , Agent Dunham ? - Yes . TERESA : I was asked to come in . I 'm Teresa Rusk . OLIVIA : Mrs. Rusk , do you know this girl ? I don 't think so . No . Why ? Who is she ? Her name 's Lisa Donovan . She 's from Brighton . Do you think she had something to do with my husband 's disappearance ? We 're not sure but she , um , has some information that only your husband should know . - Information ? - Classified military codes . - Uh , Mrs. Rusk ... - Teresa . Teresa . Do the words " moya zvezda " mean anything to you ? - Where did you hear that ? OLIVIA : From Lisa Donovan . Do you know what it means ? " My star . " It 's a pet name Andy calls me . I don 't understand . Who is this girl ? How can she know that ? How ? WALTER : Lisa Donovan 's aneurism occurred in her left frontal lobe specifically her Broca 's area . That 's the part of the brain that processes language . Precisely . But it also has the capacity for something far more intriguing . Hello , I 'M Dr. Walter Bishop . This is Test Subject Number 6 . What happened to subjects one through five ? I believe the university settled with them out of court . They probably never had to work again , not that they could . I was asked to design an experiment to test whether cranial manipulation could increase a person 's psychic capability . I applied electrical stimuli to various parts of the brain and measured each psychic response . The point is that my tests proved that manipulation of Broca 's area had the most dramatic effect on a person 's ability to create psychic bonds . So you think Lisa Donovan 's aneurism made her a psychic ? It 's certainly a possibility . Let 's say you 're correct . Why would she be channeling Rusk ? What 's so special about him ? That 's a good question . Walter , can you prove any of what you 're saying ? About her being psychic ? Well , perhaps if I could examine the girl , but you say her mother has refused that . After watching Walter 's Scariest Home Videos , who can blame her ? ( BELL TOLLING ) Hi . How are you feeling ? I 've been really tired , but good , I guess . What are you doing here , Agent Dunham ? Uh , we think we might have found an explanation for what happened to Lisa . Really ? We believe that Andrew Rusk may be trying to communicate through you psychically . We 're not sure how or why , but it seems that there 's a connection that 's been developed between him and your daughter . Lisa , give Agent Dunham and me a minute alone , please ? PRIEST : Lisa ? I want to introduce you to somebody . Are you a religious woman , Agent Dunham ? No , I 'm not . Then I imagine you sit in judgment of those of us who rely on our faith to guide our decisions about what 's best for our loved ones . No . I know what faith can mean to a person but I also believe that what 's happening to Lisa is real . And if Rusk is a national security risk ... Whatever happened , Agent Dunham , it 's over now . And I believe what 's best for Lisa is that she put all of this behind her . Here 's my card , if anything else comes up . Yeah . OLIVIA : The Tibetan Book of the Dead ? PETER : Yeah , Walter 's been reading up on psychic connections . " In the Tibetan teachings , the near-death experiencer can often converse with those who have already died . " What do you think ? Well I think it makes a hell of a coaster . What do I think happened to Lisa ? I don 't think she 's alive because God changed his mind . ( SOFT ACOUSTIC MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS ) I 'm just waiting to see if lightning strikes you . ( PETER CHUCKLES ) Yeah . Uh , yeah . Who am I to say ? Maybe there 's something to it . People are free to believe whatever they want . Lisa 's mother certainly does . However , until I see it with my own eyes I 'm gonna put my money on healthy skepticism . You 're obviously a believer . My mother believed in God , but all the praying in the world didn 't stop my stepfather from terrorizing her . ( CELL PHONE BUZZING ) Her faith just seemed to put her in harm 's way . I 'm worried that Lisa 's mother is going to do the same thing . Dunham . ( WOMAN SOBBING OVER PHONE ) Hello ? LISA : Agent Dunham , it 's Lisa Donovan . Lisa ? Are you okay ? It hasn 't stopped . I 'M seeing him again , Andrew Rusk . Where 's your mother ? She 's at home but I 'M not . I had to come here . I keep seeing this place . Okay , well , where are you ? OLIVIA : Lisa ? PETER : Lisa ? Where are you ? Olivia . Hey , you all right ? He was here . Who was here ? I can see him . Andrew Rusk ? LISA : There 's someone else . Another man . He has a gun . ( LISA GRUNTS ) OLIVIA : Lisa ? LISA : He shot him . He killed him . He killed Andrew Rusk . Lisa , do you know the other man ? Did you ... Did you see his face ? LISA : No . - But you 're sure that they were here ? Yes . PETER : Olivia . Found a 9 mm shell casing . ( OFFICERS CHATTERING ) PETER : Here you go . Not the most stylish , I know , but it will keep you warm . So I just talked to your mother , and she is on her way here . - Is she mad ? - No . She 's just glad that you 're okay . Hey , Liv . LISA : What is it ? Why don 't we just stay here for a second ? Get in the car . You can get warm . OFFICER : It 's Andrew Rusk . Your girl was right . ( LISA SCREAMING ) Olivia ! I need some help ! OLIVIA : What happened ? - I don 't know . She just started to seize . ( GRUNTING ) OLIVIA : I just talked to the medical examiner . He confirmed that Rusk was killed by a bullet wound to the head . Ruled out suicide . So everything Lisa told us pans out . Except one thing . According to the rigor of the body , Rusk has been dead for three days . Well , then how would he have been communicating with Lisa Donovan ? Was the medical examiner more specific ? About the time of death , I mean . - Uh , between 5 and 7 am Why ? WALTER : Interesting . MAUREEN : How is she ? Your daughter suffered a fairly substantial seizure . - Oh , my God . NEWELL : She 's responsive now . Her condition is stable . She 's lucky . I don 't think there 's gonna be any permanent damage . Is this because of her aneurism ? No , there 's no connection between the two . I don 't understand . You said she was fine , but she keeps getting sicker . What 's causing this ? We 'll run some tests , but with seizures the cause is often unknowable . Do you mean this could happen again ? NEWELL : We just don 't know . You should be able to see Lisa soon . Ahem . Excuse me . What time did your daughter 's resurrection take place ? Her resurrection ? Just after 5 in the morning . Exactly as I suspected . Walter ? What are you thinking ? I propose that Rusk 's murder and Lisa 's rebirth happened simultaneously . In fact , it was his suddenly dispatched energy which jump-started the girl 's body and brought her back to life . That 's absurd . Perhaps it is . Hmm . Though please allow me a moment to entertain my fantasies . They often lead to a truth . It 's possible that Rusk 's energy brought some of his memories with it . And it is these memories trapped within her fighting to get out . Are you suggesting that Lisa 's possessed ? I wasn 't . Heh . But now that you mention it I wouldn 't be surprised if numerous possessions were , in fact misdiagnosed cases of a phenomenon we are just now discovering . - I hardly think that 's happening . WALTER : You hardly would because the Church doesn 't approve of exorcisms ... - Walter . - No , they are merely superstition . Because there are examples of casting out spirits right through the Bible , Father . Can you help her ? PRIEST : Maureen , what are you doing ? - I have been praying hoping that Lisa will get better but she 's not . If what you 're saying is true and this man 's memories are making Lisa sick can you ... ? Can you get these memories out ? Can you help my daughter ? I will need to have your daughter transferred to my lab . Okay . PETER : Are you sure an exorcism 's gonna work , Walter ? No , not at all . Unfortunately , I think I 'm wrong . I can 't explain the seizures . I believe that Rusk 's energy would reanimate the girl and carry his memories but it doesn 't suggest why she 's sick . I was just so angry , the way that man challenged me . Walter , her mother is about to check her out of the hospital . I have no idea what I 'm going to do with her . We gotta go in there and tell her . Olivia , what are you thinking ? If Rusk is sick , could that make Lisa sick too ? What , like his illnesses would be transferred along with his spirit ? You wanna know what I think or what Walter would think ? Either . Well , you read Rusk 's file . Was there anything to suggest he was sick ? No . But that was the Navy 's official medical records . Well , you know me . You tell me the US government is covering something up I 'll tell you it must be Tuesday . OLIVIA : Commander Turlough , thank you for coming back to talk to me . Not a problem . Um , I was sorry to hear when Agent Broyles told me you found Andrew Rusk 's body . Listen , why didn 't you tell me he was sick ? I 'm sorry ? Who told you that ? You did . Just then . What was wrong with him ? Was it something that happened onboard the Gloucester ? ( SIGHS ) A young girl 's life is on the line . ( SIGHS ) They were shadowing a Russian naval exercise in North Korean water six months ago when a coolant line broke , causing a reactor leak . Rusk was locked in the engineering section for 16 hours before they were able to vent the contamination . Radiation . How could he possibly have survived ? He was airlifted to Pearl Harbor where he was given a highly experimental radiation inhibitor . He 's been on medical leave since the accident . I 'm gonna need his medical records . The real ones . We can 't keep stalling , Dr. Bishop . You can 't think of anything to do ? ( HEART MONITOR BEEPING ) Maybe I could tell them that my stomach is troubling me . That is not what I mean . Walter , I have Rusk 's medical file here . Does any of that mean anything to you ? Radiation poisoning . That 's why she had the seizure . The radiation and the synthetic treatments they gave him . I 'd wager that 's what kept his energy from dispersing . And you think that 's how he was able to inhabit Lisa ? Which means we need more drugs . Uh , to calm Lisa 's conscious mind , to relax her brain which should enable Mr. Rusk 's mental energy , his memories to slowly and painlessly leave her mind . - What kind of drugs ? - Benzodiazepine . It 's a hypnotic sedative , may cause a slight tingling sensation . It 's actually quite pleasant . Besides , your daughter is 17 . I 'm sure she 's sampled far worse by now . Agent Farnsworth , prepare an IV drip . One hundred mikes to begin , per liter . PETER : This is gonna make you a little sleepy . So are you like a doctor ? No . Ha , ha . But I promise you this won 't hurt . It 's okay . It 's kind of nice to have someone not afraid of me . - What do you mean ? - Well , my friends at church . When I walked past them , I could feel them all talking about me behind my back . The kids at school are even worse . Ever since what 's happened , they think I 'm like a freak or something . I don 't think you have to worry about us here . We 're kind of partial to freaks in this lab . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( LISA CHUCKLES ) - How 's it going ? WALTER : Smashing . ( GENE MOOS ) Ha , ha . Gene agrees with me , don 't you , Gene ? So is Agent Dunham , like , your girlfriend ? No . No , she 's like a friend who 's a girl . And who carries a gun . Walter , Astrid told me that you think you may be able to extract Rusk 's thoughts from Lisa 's brain . I believe so , yes . Well , if that 's the case , do you think she could have access to his memories ? Maybe describe his last moments ? Oh . - You want to find out who killed him . - Yeah . Oh . Well , let 's see , shall we ? - Peter , strap Lisa down , please . PETER : Yeah ? - Are straps really necessary ? WALTER : It 's just a precaution . - Just tell me if they 're too tight , all right ? LISA : Okay . How are you feeling , Lisa ? - My toes are beginning to tingle and ... WALTER : Well , that 's good . - That means it 's working . - Dr. Bishop , we 're at 6 hertz . WALTER : Peter . PETER : Yeah ? - Increase the drip two mikes , please . PETER : Done . - I don 't think I like how this feels . - Lisa , it 's okay . No . No , I think I want this to stop . - Maybe we should slow this down . - You know what , Lisa ? This is normal . It 's okay . Just relax . I 'm gonna be right here . You 're safe . Lisa , just ... Just close your eyes . Just close your eyes . This is going to help you . Breathe deeply . Just let it go , Lisa . Let it go . Lisa ? It 's Agent Dunham . Can you hear me ? Hi . I want you to think about Andrew Rusk . Oh , look , look , look . This is surprising . Surprising good or surprising bad ? ( GASPS ) - Lisa ? She 's seizing . WALTER : Oh , no , she 's not . MAUREEN : Lisa . You 've gotta stop this right now . WALTER : We have to let this run its course . ( IN DEEP VOICE ) Where am I ? Lisa . It 's Mom . I 'm right here . Who is Lisa ? - Why is she talking this way ? - Because , I believe this is not your daughter speaking anymore . ( GRUNTING ) MAUREEN : What is wrong with my daughter ? WALTER : It appears that my hypothesis ... MAUREEN : What is wrong with my daughter ? WALTER : It appears that my hypothesis that Lisa 's mind was harboring Mr. Rusk 's memories was wrong . It seems more likely that Mr. Rusk 's entire consciousness was transferred to Lisa . - His consciousness ? - Perhaps , his soul . Well , then where is Lisa ? Merely suppressed . Asleep in her own mind , I hope . - I want this stopped . - I 'm afraid I can 't do that . What do you mean , you can 't ? WALTER : I can 't stop the experiment . The drugs have taken effect . We must let the experiment go . Let 's go out and get some air , Miss Donovan . - I can 't leave her . - Miss Donovan . You have asked me to help . Please let me do my work . MAUREEN : I can 't lose her again . WALTER : I understand . She 's gonna be fine . Can I talk to him ? To Rusk ? I hope so . May be the only way to coax him out . My name is Olivia . Do you know your name ? I believe that somebody hurt you . I wanna find out who that was . Let me go ! Andrew . Andrew , who killed you ? Who did this to you ? I called my wife , told her I was getting a beer . There was someone in my car . In the back seat . Told me , " Pull over here . " Get out . Walk . I said walk . " Get on your knees . " I 'm not going out like that . Let me go ! Andrew ? Andrew , who killed you ? Give me a name . ( HEART MONITOR RACING ) Don 't know his name . Just his blood . His left arm ... Walter ? Walter ? ( ALARM BEEPING ) Peter , turn off the drip . I 'm gonna call the local hospitals and see if anybody has gone in with an injured left arm . LISA ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) : Peter . Hey . She 's coming out of it . - Hi . - Hi . Did it work ? - Is he gone ? - Yeah . It 's her . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) - Let 's get you out of this . - Dunham . We got a hit . Jake Selleg . Age 36 . Walked into a Roxbury ER three nights ago . Lacerations on his left arm . You know , Liv , Jake Selleg was Navy too . Okay ? Now , he trained with Seal Team 6 . That 's counter-terrorism . That can 't be a coincidence . Is he local ? He works at a boxing gym in Dorchester . - Okay , can you send me the address ? - Sending it now . - I 'll meet you there . - On my way . MAN : Nice cross . ( MEN CHATTERING ) OLIVIA : Excuse me , FBI . I 'm Agent Dunham . This is Agent Francis . We 're looking for Jake Selleg . Hey ! Stop ! ( TIRES SCREECH ) ( HORN HONKS ) Lisa , hey . Lisa , there 's no need for you to be looking at that . This is him . Rusk . Yeah . Astrid 's on her way back right now with your Mom . Hopefully you 'll be able to put all this behind you and life can get back to normal soon . Can I have something to drink , please ? ( GENE MOOS ) Of course . Guessing you want something other than fresh cow 's milk . Okay . I 'll be right back . Hey , Walter . Did you drink all the cream sodas again ? What 's wrong ? Lisa 's brain scan . I think she 's still sleeping . Maybe you should take a look out in the lab . No , her brainwaves . It appears that her signal is still being masked by Rusk 's dominant pattern . Rusk is still in control ? Lisa ? MAUREEN : Where is she ? Where 's my daughter ? This is a slug we pulled from Andrew Rusk 's head . Our ballistics unit is matching it as we speak from the 9 mm we found in your apartment . OLIVIA : I guess the Navy did a poor job training you to clean up after your work . CHARLIE : Hey . Who ordered you to kill Andrew Rusk ? Was he threatening to go public over the meltdown on the Gloucester ? Did the Navy have you kill Andrew Rusk ? I don 't know what you guys are talking about . I spent seven years in the Navy and I never killed a man but Andrew Rusk deserved it . What do you mean , he deserved it ? For what that bastard did to his wife . CHARLIE : Rusk 's wife . What does this have to do with her ? I hang out at a bar she tends at . She told me about Andy . How he beats on her . One day she came in with a broken arm . She couldn 't deal with it anymore . No one should have to live like that . Teresa Rusk hired you to kill her husband ? SELLEG : In the scrap yard , he kept asking me , " Why me ? " I pulled the trigger , but I made sure that I told him that it was Teresa who was sending him to hell . You said that to Rusk ? Before you killed him , you told him his wife hired you ? Yes , ma 'am . Why didn 't Rusk tell us that ? He told us everything else . Why not that ? ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) OLIVIA : Dunham . - Olivia . Rusk is still controlling Lisa , and she 's gone . I think I know where he 's going . His wife had him killed . I think he 's going for revenge . What the hell are you doing in my house ? ( SPEAKS IN RUSSIAN IN DEEP VOICE ) What did you say to me ? How did you know to call me that ? You 're ... You 're that girl . You ... You get out of here . I have a gun . Upstairs ? In a safe ? This gun that I got you from the service ? How do you ... ? Uh , I don 't understand . Neither do I. But I 've been given a second chance and I 'm sure as hell not gonna waste it . - Now , get down on your knees . - Okay . Okay . Don 't do this . Please . You had me killed , put down like a dog . I wanna hear you say it . I didn 't have you killed . I don 't know what you 're talking about . That 's the thing about being with someone for 20 years . You know when they lie , how they lie . Admit what you did . Don 't . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) OLIVIA : Dunham . PETER : Where are you ? - We 're five minutes out . Where are you ? - I 'M just pulling up . ( TIRES SCREECH ) Please don 't do this . Please ! LISA : Admit that you had me killed . Don 't you wanna die with a clean conscience ? Please , don 't . PETER : Stop . Don 't do this . I 'll give you one chance to back out of here . - Or we 'll all going out together . - You know I can 't do that . Then you 're making a mistake . - You don 't have to do this . LISA : I already told you to leave once . I am not gonna tell you again . You know , I understand . What you said back at the lab ? When I was in school , Lisa , I was different too . I was always sick . I didn 't have any real friends . What the hell are you talking about ? I 'm telling you that I understand , Lisa . LISA : Stop calling me Lisa . - I know what it feels like ... - ... to feel different . - I 'm gonna count to one . Listen to me . You 've been given a second chance here but you have to fight for it . One . ( LISA GRUNTS ) LISA ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) : Peter . - Yeah ? What happened ? I 'll tell you all about it , but not right now , okay ? Right now you need to rest . They 're gonna take you to the hospital and make sure everything 's okay and then they 'll bring you back to the lab . And we 'll meet you there . - Okay . - Okay . How did you know it would work ? That it would reach her ? PETER : Walter 's book of Tibetan philosophy . Innermost subtle consciousness is ever-present . It never leaves a body , even in death . You got a lot of mileage out of a coaster . Yeah . In other words , I threw up a Hail Mary . WALTER : Perfectly normal . A singular consciousness . Lisa 's . MAUREEN : Which means he 's gone ? - I believe so . I would propose that Mr. Rusk stuck around to deal with unfinished business . And once he did , then , well Lisa was free to finally purge herself of him . How can we be sure ? ( SPEAKING IN LATIN ) I don 't understand . It 's a Latin translation of Isaiah 7.9 . Unless you believe you will not understand . ( WALTER CHUCKLES ) Even as a scientist , sometimes I have to rely on faith . God keep you and yours safe , Dr. Bishop . And you , ma 'am . Thank you . Come along , Lisa . Time to go home . MAUREEN : You all set , sweetheart ? - Yeah . WALTER : Okay . ( PETER CHUCKLES ) MAUREEN : Okay . Take care . - Thank you again , Agent Dunham . OLIVIA : It 's Olivia . - And you 're welcome . - Thank you . OLIVIA : Bye . I 'll be 18 in a year . Don 't wait too long to make your move . ( OLIVIA CHUCKLES ) Well , the Navy officially denied our request to launch an investigation into the USS Gloucester . Well , there 's a shocking surprise . If you 're thinking about his shipmates , I shouldn 't worry . I suggest that Mr. Rusk 's postmortem adventures will prove to be the exception , rather than the rule . And if not , I will go into the exorcism business . Is it just me , or did you detect a note of excitement in his voice ? Because I for one , cannot wait to get that guy out of here . ( DISPATCH RADIO CHATTERING ) WOMAN : He just jumped the curb . ( CROWD CHATTERING ) EMT 1 : I 'm not getting a pulse from this guy . ( GASPS ) ( SPEAKS IN RUSSIAN ) EMT 1 : What did he say ? EMT 2 : I think he 's speaking Russian .
