 In the beginning was the Voice . And the word was Him . And all obeyed His word in great awe . But those who dwelt upon the earth , through vanity , cunning and greed , built a multitude of towers whose tops reached unto heaven , and hoarded the riches of the world . Scattered across the ravaged land , man turned a deaf ear to His Voice . But He gave unto man an opportunity to atone for his misdeeds . And flame and smoke and the roar of a lion descended upon the earth , and the many towers were brought low into the dust . Pay heed , thou who walkest with Him , O faithful witnesses , holy and true . For some are blind to their own misdeeds and their ears hear naught still after tribulation has passed . Deliver retribution upon the land and those who dwell thereon , and usher in a new world . May mankind be freed from sin and blessed with glory , honor and descendants without end . ... at least six skyscrapers have collapsed , and several surrounding buildings have suffered damage . The whole area is in chaos due to fires and dust . While emergency rescue efforts are responding to the crisis , the situation is far from being contained . Although precise figures are unknown , the number of casualties is said to be at least 10,000 . Chinese authorities call this blast a terrorist act , and have declared martial law in Shanghai . At this time , no one is being allowed in or out of the city . This blast may be related to the rash of skyscraper bombings that began with the synchronized attack in America on January 16th causing Chicago 's Willis Tower and Seattle 's Columbia Center collapse . They must have been planning this for a long time . They beat me to it ... Mom , I don 't need any dinner tonight . Huh ? No , not a date or anything . Hi . Evening , Jet.a So this time it 's Shanghai . Yeah ... Damn , how long 's it been ? Not since 9 / 11 , so 12 years , I guess . How have you been ? If being meticulous about my maintenance is " doing fine , " fine . You sound aggravated , mate . What 's bothering you ? Everything . The media 's take on these suicide bombings bothers me . Having a president who jumps at shadows ... Being summoned by Gilmore ... The whole damn world bothers me . Indeed . Nevertheless , Dr. Gilmore created us . And when the world needs us , we reunite with him to defend it . That 's our duty as 00-series cyborgs . GB , do you think the US government is involved in this , too ? Israeli lobbyists would say it 's the MPs of my own Britain who are itching to be exploited by security businesses . That 's the long and short of it . So , how about you ? Is your conscience clean with nary a cloud in its sky ? Well , no matter . If these suicide bombings continue , world order will start falling apart soon . When that happens , we 'll be long past having the luxury of the state and the individual keeping each other in check . Shimamura ! What happened ? You hardly ever ask me out . I thought I wouldn 't look suspicious with a date . I love coffee . Can you see the Tokyo Tower from your room ? Not since D Tower went up in front of it . Why weren 't you at school today ? We 're done with classes . No reason to go any more . I 've never seen you talk to anyone else in class . Why don 't you ever hang out with the others ? And it 's like you don 't want to draw attention to yourself . What makes you think that ? Easy to tell if you 're looking . I never realized that you paid so much attention to me . I 've found you , 009 ! I know it sounds crazy , but ... I feel like I 'm living my high-school days forever . And it 's like someone was watching me the whole time . I sometimes felt that way when I was taking my entrance exams . This is different . It 's like ... How long have we known each other , anyway ? You 're the one who 's always putting up with my weird moods , but if I can 't even remember something that important , I must have lost my mind a long time ago . It 's all right , don 't worry about it . I bet you 're just tired . But I have to obey His Voice and mete out justice . Jet , I 'm asking this strictly off the record . Have you heard of something called " His Voice " ? " His Voice " ? What 's that ? There 's no clear link between the culprits who carried out the bombings so far . But since coming here , I 've found a common keyword that they 've all mentioned frequently . And that 's this " His Voice " ? Yes . In the two UK bombings , and in those in France and Hong Kong , before blowing themselves up those people told around that they were obeying His Voice and help humanity start over from scratch . Help humanity start over ? So ... Who is this " His " ? No idea . The leader of some fundamentalist group . Or a syndicate boss backed by the Neocons . Or the guru of some fanatical cult . But considering we haven 't found a single link among the perpetrators of 33 bombings to date , this could be a huge break in the case . I 'll relay my findings to the investigators in each country . In the meanwhile , just keep it to yourself . Cheers , mate . Let 's have a more leisurely drink next time . GB , are you going to Istanbul ? Can 't just up and leave as I like , you know . I 'll make arrangements with SIS before I head over . I see . And how 's you-know-who ? Asking will just make things worse , like last time , don 't you think ? What should we do ? Too many eyes on us here . Lure him up to the roof , and then beat the stuffing out of him . A cruise missile ? What 's wrong , Francoise ? W-What was that ? ! An explosion ? What happened ? Is it a suicide bomber ? No , this looks like something else . - Hurry up and awaken 009 's memories ! - I 'm on it ! What the hell is happening ? The explosions ... was it you ? There it is again ! What 's going on ? ! Francoise ! Activate accelerator ! What kind of crazy stunt was that ? ! Looks like your memory 's back ... If you 're here , that means the world needs us again . Correct . World 's skyscrapers are being blown up one after another . No idea of who 's behind it . Time has come to gather at Dr. Gilmore 's side again . So , you 're back ? Good to see you , Geronimo . You , too . Is this another suicide bombing ? I don 't know . But it 's a fact that American missiles were used . Looks like the building 's back-up generator has started up . You know a lot about that building . Pyunma , it sounds like Jet doesn 't know anything about His Voice . In which case , His Voice is something far more dangerous than the American conspiracy theory , just as you suggested . This means the president isn 't the only one jumping at shadows . A Lazarus ... So it 's the NSA ? When did we stop being the good guys ? It 's me . A building 's been blown up in Tokyo ? He said that ? He really said , " His Voice " ? ! Chang Changku here . Have infiltrated harbor . Ivan , requesting further instructions . Roger . I 'm surprised you so readily obeyed Dr. Gilmore 's orders . You and the Doctor have been bogged down in lawsuits for years after you registered " Chang Changku " as a trademark for the name of a global restaurant chain . This and that are two different matters . Perhaps the restaurant thing went against the Doctor 's wishes . But even cyborgs get hungry and need money . And fighting for justice costs a pretty penny . Still , I donate a hefty sum to the Gilmore Foundation every year . So all is good ! So , how is this shipping company connected to the bombings ? Doesn 't look they 're carrying anything suspicious . Have you heard about the Tokyo bombing ? Sure . American cruise missiles were used in the attack , yes ? Right . Because of that , I reinvestigated the very first attack in America . Turns out that the wreckage of the collapsed buildings was sold illegally to China via this SMO company . Wreckage from the blast site would be key evidence , yes ? Precisely . So sending it abroad through a civilian company prior to any due examination is odd to say the least . Indeed . If Ivan 's reasoning is correct , I should be finding some cruise missile fragments around here , but ... Put your hands behind your head , yes ? So this is how they work ... That is even worse than a missile . Truly , an act of men who do not fear God , this is ... Once again , I 've aged 3 whole years and you haven 't . You 're the last person I expected to become an archaeologist , Pyunma . I was looking for adventure . I could meet you right away because fortune and glory still elude me . Plus ... I think my investigations in Africa could prove relevant to this case . We can always count on you . I 'm surprised that you were the first to arrive . The GSG gives you that much leeway ? My body is entirely made of one-off parts . Same for the ammunition and missiles I use . This makes me kind of a Cold War relic in Germany . Sometimes they dust me off for instruction purposes , but it 's only a matter of time before they send me to a museum . Damn . At this rate , we 'll reach the lab by morning . Wait , stop the car . What is it ? Pyunma ! Did a young girl just come through here ? Now I understand ... So this is what they meant by His Voice ... What the hell is that ? Welcome back , Joe . It 's good to see you , 009 . You , too , 001 . Has it really been 27 years ? Just as I expected , you haven 't changed a bit . I realized that your unchanging body could become a source of stress if you tried to lead a normal life . So I decided to reset your mind every three years , and seal away your memories of the past . This way I could have you act as the leader of the 00-series cyborgs , should the need ever arise . However , I believe that my decision has made you suffer in its own way . I 'm glad you 're back . It 's OK . Repeating high school again and again was a bit suffocating sometimes , though . You remember it ? The memories from each reset are still here for some reason . It 's because we forced you back ... Well , it 's all jumbled now , but I 'll work through it soon . But how about the others ? They 've severed ties with the Foundation and returned to their home countries to find work . But Heinrich and Pyunma have just arrived in Istanbul , and GB will join us as soon as he gets clearance from SIS . We 've also reached 006 , who 's on a mission right now . What about Jet ? Don 't tell me he 's still ... 002 works for America ' s National Security Agency now . I doubt that he 'll ever team up with us again . So his absence is not related to the falling out you two had . Now , let me explain the situation and how the NSA is involved . The skyscraper bombings that began on January 16 in America fueled conspiracy theories hinting at a US government 's implication . Have you heard of Samuel Capital ? It 's a private investment fund based in America , but they act for their shareholder , Israel 's Ministry of Defense . They have but one objective : to reap massive profits as part of the military-industrial complex by undermining world peace and stability . I suspect the US government went along for the ride , believing it would allow them to regain global dominance . This theory is only confirmed by the actions of Congress every time they turn a blind eye to the illegal activities of Samuel Capital 's affiliates . Among these ventures is the development of cyborgs using the corpses of US soldiers and civilians killed in Iraq . Cyborgs made from the dead ? ! Chang 's report will tell us more , but I suspect that the first suicide bombings in America were carried out by these zombie cyborgs , or Lazarus . By incorporating suicide bombings into their business model , Samuel Capital plans to perpetuate a new kind of war and sell weapons and security across the globe . America and Samuel Capital ' s underhanded scheme is what 's really behind the skyscraper bombings . And the group managing this system of unmanned warfare is the organization 002 works for : the NSA . I messed up in the US-Japan-Korea military simulation 15 days ago , and I haven 't been able to sleep since . That day , I heard His Voice . At first , I was speaking with my commanding officer . But as we were talking , He spoke to me . It was His Voice , no doubt about it ! Who is this " He " you keep talking about ? What ? The crazy bastard bit his tongue off ! What the hell is " His Voice " ? How much intel do you people have on this incident ? Does this mean we 'll be fighting Samuel Capital , this new Axis of Evil ? It 's a strong possibility . But first we need to ascertain how Samuel Capital was able to carry out 34 bombings around the globe , and why the US Navy fired a missile into Japan , an allied country . We 'll begin with those two avenues . In a worst-case scenario , we may have to fight against the US military ... and Jet . About these bomb attacks , I 'm just wondering ... What if they 're being carried out of an order from His Voice ? Before all this mess started , I heard His Voice while I was living as a high-schooler and I started planning to blow up Roppongi Hills . A suicide bomber , you ? ! 009 , what is this " His Voice " ? That wasn 't your voice , Dr. Gilmore ? I was obeying that voice to join a war to help humanity start over . What are you saying ? Are you really Joe Shimamura ? In the initial stages of the plan , the Defense Department was sympathetic to Samuel Capital 's goals and worked in secret to start an unmanned war within America by manufacturing an unseen enemy . But ever since the bombings in America , our plan has been growing beyond its original scope . Still , the government has been giving their tacit approval because they 've benefited from it . However , now this " His Voice " thing is starting to affect our own soldiers . What the hell is His Voice ? Is it part of Samuel Capital 's scheme , too ? They 're capable of anything from wiretapping to zombie weapons . Could as well have developed some brainwashing technology . But if they have a hidden agenda even the NSA is unaware of ... Jet , we 've got an emergency . It 's His Voice again . Where did you hear this voice ? I don 't have any clear sense of where or when . It 's just , I had this intense feeling that obeying His Voice was the right thing to do . That 's why I thought it was coming from you , Doctor . Are you saying that the bombers are people who heard His Voice ? Yes . And when you look at the Shanghai bombing , you have to assume it was planned long before 1 / 16 . So you 'd already heard His Voice before 1 / 16 ? Yes . A few months before it . And like me , other people out there may have heard it . I don 't understand ... What is His Voice ? Francoise ! Wasn 't Joe 's surveillance your duty ? No , I ... But watching every bit of his personal life wasn 't ... Some sort of virus may have infected the brainwave transmissions you shared . Francoise , recheck all input data for Joe 's brain over the last 3 years . We 'll scan your own brain , too . Refrain from any activity until then . Geronimo ! Dr. Gilmore ! According to a coded transmission , the US Air Force lost contact with a B-2 bomber over the Indian Ocean 3 hours ago . They spotted the B-2 flying over the Arabian Sea afterwards . An F-38 fighter appears to be in pursuit of the B-2 . The pilot of the F-38 seems to be Jet Link . No time to play , guys - Sorry . No doubt about it . It 's definitely Jet that flew away from the combat airspace ! The B-2 is crossing the Gulf of Oman , headed towards the Persian Gulf . Is Iraq its destination ? What in the world is going on ? I think that the B-2 's pilot has also heard His Voice . And his destination is most likely Dubai . Are you saying that the US government isn 't involved ? If Jet was sent out solo , it means that the US government is being forced to take action . Doctor ! Send me there via teleportation ! I 'll go and find out what 's going on . Out of the question ! You just said you were planning a suicide bombing yourself ! I 'm not sending you anywhere ! Francoise , put me through to the US Department of Defense . Doctor , I agree with Joe that the US government is being forced to take drastic measures . We have to do something , too ! Ivan , call Heinrich back ! We 'll teleport him there . We 'll have Heinrich destroy the B-2 if we have to ... Don 't ! Heinrich won 't be able to do that . Only two of us could overtake a B-2 at that altitude : me with my accelerator , and Jet , who can fly . Doctor , I want to find out what His Voice is , too . Doctor ! Very well , 009 . How did this happen ? Have faith in Joe . He 's still someone we can believe in . Joe , what are you doing here ? ! I 'm here to find out if the pilot has heard His Voice . His Voice ? How do you know about that ? Then you know about it , too ? How much has Gilmore figured out ? He didn 't know anything about His Voice . He believes the US government and the NSA are behind the bombings . - Is this Joe 's brainwave transmission ? - Yes . Then how did you know ? I myself heard His Voice and was about to blow Roppongi up . Always going against the grain ... I thought we were friends until that day . But when we were relieved of our duties as 00-series cyborgs , it was the Japanese wonder boy they kept at the Foundation . You , a pipsqueak with non-aggressive defense , were supposed to be our leader in case of emergency ? Like hell ! It 's America that has always guarded the world 's peace and freedom ! True . But was that always right for the rest of the world ? For me , what 's right is to eliminate anyone who gets in my way ! If you are unrelated to His Voice , then I 'll turn back . But if not , I 'll obey His Voice , and help the pilot carry out his mission ! What ? He 's going to help the pilot ? Joe ... Whose side are you on ? Jet ! Joe ! Is this ... Is this really what He 's trying to accomplish ? That B-2 was carrying a nuclear missile ? Joe ... 003 , can 't you pick up a signal from Joe 's brainwave transmitter ? There 's too much interference ... News of this tragedy will spread around the world in no time . Joe is dead . What in the world was His Voice ? Unfortunately , we have lost our only means of finding out . 004 ? And 006 ! Sorry we are late , yes ? Terrible things have happened , yes ? Where 's Pyunma ? He disappeared this afternoon . But he had found some sort of crucial evidence to this tragedy . What is that ? The fossil ... of an angel ? Yes , sir . That seems to be the case . It might be best to assume that civilian reconnaissance satellites picked him up escaping from Dubai . As well as landing here at Andrews Air Force Base . Yes , sir . We 'll need to work out a suitable cover story ASAP . Any ideas ? We leak the photos I sent you to the media in all countries . I see where you 're going . This contingency is exactly what we spent a fortune planning for . And what about His Voice ? The pilot and the soldiers who aided him have been taken into custody . We are questioning them on the matter , but we 'll need to conduct a detailed investigation . Inform the commander . The NSA was sympathetic to your companies goals , and have provided you with direct and indirect support . Now , I want some answers . Several US military personnel were involved in the latest bombing . The common factor is they all heard what they call " His Voice . " If His Voice turns out to be something that you set up , it will become a matter of the utmost concern . What is His Voice ? ! The US government will have to dodge the accusations from the entire world after this last bombing . So , I need to know what His Voice really is and how it caused US troops to take part in what happened . The state of affairs thus far had proved beneficial to us , but the world is already on a course where humanity will start over even without our direct intervention . Humanity will start over ? What 's wrong with that ? After all , we have been acting in accordance with His Voice all along . I can no longer reach GB . So , did GB get taken out by Him just like Pyunma was ? What connection would Pyunma 's disappearance have with GB 's ? Apparently , Pyunma discovered this " angel fossil " at Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania . His notes say that as the excavation proceeded and that angel-looking skeleton emerged , more and more of the dig staff claimed to have heard His Voice . Pyunma asked his staffers what His Voice was . This was their answer : " In the beginning was the Voice . And the word was Him . And all obeyed His word in great awe . But those who dwelt upon the earth , through vanity , cunning and greed , built a multitude of towers whose tops reached unto heaven , and hoarded the riches of the world . Scattered across the ravaged land , man turned a deaf ear to His Voice . But He gave unto man an opportunity to atone for his misdeeds . And flame and smoke and the roar of a lion descended upon the earth , and the many towers were brought low into the dust . " Sounds like a quote from the Bible . Except there 's no passage like that in the Bible . Exactly . And at first Pyunma simply thought that this " His Voice " thing the staffers declaimed so fervently was just some kind of apocrypha . However , when the terrorist bombings hit on 1 / 16 , Pyunma immediately recalled the passage about His Voice . It was like those words were describing the attacks to the skyscrapers around the world . Studying humanity 's origins also means studying the history of humanity 's thought processes . When this occurred to him , Pyunma hypothesized that the staffers had some kind of religious experience as they saw the angel fossil . Hence , " His Voice . " His theory was that they may have heard a message from God . What does that mean , yes ? I 'm not too sure myself , but back when man was just another race of primates , humans acquired the concept of death from hunting animals for food . Religion historian Mircea Eliade called this the " mystical solidarity " between man and prey . He believed this experience caused humanity 's ancestors to evolve into Homo sapiens . Eventually , the concept of death led to the fear of one 's own death , and in an attempt to free themselves from that inescapable force , they inadvertently invented " God . " This idea is also consistent with Freud 's theory that religion came about as a result of man 's need to protect himself from the overwhelming superiority of the natural world . So , basically ... just as humanity 's ancestors created " God " out of a fear of death , the people who saw that fossil created " His Voice " in their minds . ... according to Pyunma . OK , so those martyrs believed " His Voice " to be God 's voice . But how come that all who hear it become a suicide bomber ? Well , Pyunma 's reasoning gets a bit sketchy at this point . He says , " no entity has killed as many men for kicks as God has . " I see . But assuming that His Voice is the result of a mystical experience , we can 't exclude no one has exploited it for political ends . True , religion has been abused by governments countless times . I suppose a certain infamous dictator from my own country tops that list . But among the many rumors regarding the Fuhrer , there 's a popular belief that he caused the Holocaust because he possessed the fossil of an angel . Pyunma asked GB to see what he could find out about that fossil . The fact that GB is also missing can 't be mere coincidence . Let 's say your God was originally created by the brain . Would this God intervene directly in human affairs by inciting some to become suicide bombers or making others vanish ? Good point . But in the course of his quest to find humanity 's origins , Pyunma began to speculate that perhaps the human brain might have been influenced by some factor and become " God . " Our brain , which by some fluke enables rational thought in humans and no other animal ... Could it really be God ? " What if the brain is the X-factor that we call ' God ' out of convenience ? The ' something ' that let humanity create an environment favorable to our survival by making us aware of our own existence ? " he asked . What are you doing here ? Are you okay , Shimamura ? I haven 't heard from you since that night . I 've been worried sick . Something wrong ? A lot of people died here yesterday . Oh , so that 's why ... Are you all right ? I was the only one who survived . And that 's hard for you , isn 't it ? It 's all right . God doesn 't send us challenges we aren 't able to overcome . Now I see ... Tomoe was you all the time , right , my watcher ? If a brain / God exists inside every single human being , that might explain Pyunma and GB 's disappearance . However ... If the entire human race is being manipulated by God , why is it that only a handful have heard His Voice ? And why did Joe , who 's never seen the angel fossil , suddenly decide to become a suicide bomber ? Beats me ... Some people throughout history claimed they could hear God 's voice , but they are rare exceptions . It 's the case of spiritual mediums like shamans , or ascetics and martyrs who could only communicate with the gods after extreme experiences . And more recently , people who have unique brain morphology , such as those with what is called Charisma Syndrome . That might also apply to the brains of car racers or astronauts who are in " the zone " as the result of intense training . You could say a cyborg like Joe with a tuned-up brain is like those . Joe 's brain was under an extreme state of tension . It wouldn 't surprise me if some factor caused a synaptic burst and he interpreted his own voice as " His Voice . " Even so ... " When this exists , that comes to be . With the arising of this , that arises . When this does not exist , that does not come to be . With the cessation of this , that ceases . " Even sutras written after Buddha 's death suggest that " God " exists as " Him " within the hearts of all men . That " humanity " and " Him " have existed side by side since the distant past . Have you turned up anything on His Voice ? Yes , sir . We have to get the word out as soon as possible . About what ? Samuel Capital 's Samuel Klein is another follower of His Voice . This means the whole US Congress is under the control of His Voice ! I see . And ? And if we don 't come up with a contingency plan right away , this situation will spiral even further out of control ! The whole world must- - All right , son . I 'll take over on the His Voice situation . But we have to deal with the incident in Dubai first . As I recall , your creator Dr. Gilmore operates out of Istanbul . You haven 't been in contact with him recently , have you ? What are you getting at ? These are the terrorists responsible for the nuclear attack on Dubai . You bastard ! Your former friends are probably experiencing the same as we speak . We appreciate your hard work . We have one last mission for you . Hostiles are closing in from both ground level and rooftop . Number , unknown . These are yours . I 'll intercept the squads coming from the roof . Hey ! You OK ? Hey ! There it is . What the hell is that ? This is His Voice ... - What the hell is that ? - It 's not my fault ! Somebody 's hearing His Voice again . Don 't move ! I don 't have time for this . I wish they would give it a rest , yes ? How many of these things are there ? Doctor ! I 'm getting a brainwave transmission from Joe ! He 's alive ? Yes . He 's sending me his current location . Guess he 's telling me to teleport him here . Now I 'm getting a transmission from 002 ! He 's asking to open a channel for him . Dr. Gilmore , minutes ago , a USN nuclear submarine declared they were going to help humanity start over as told by His Voice , and then went silent . The Pentagon and White House are both scrambling to locate it , but at this rate , they 'll be too late . What 's the US government doing ? At first , it seemed like they were planning to cover up the bombings by blaming us 00-series cyborgs for everything ... But this situation is way beyond that now . Doctor , you set him aside so that he could be our leader in a crisis like this , didn 't you ? Doctor ! Before being teleported , Joe said , " I can 't believe Jet is the enemy , " then deliberately pointed a gun at you and left for Dubai . All because he had faith in his old teammate . And when he said , " I 'm going to obey His Voice and help that pilot , " it was to prove Jet 's innocence ! Joe has always fought to uphold the justice we all believe in . I know in my heart that he 'll come back to save the world ! What do we do ? If they break through ... Joe ! I 'm sorry I worried you . You 're alive ... When that missile detonated over Dubai , I felt guilty that I didn 't die along with all those other people . But now I know why I survived . Thanks to you , Francoise . I can hear His Voice in a completely different way now . Doctor , I 'll stop that submarine , no matter what . I 'll leave the planning to you ! Contact with the submarine was lost 15 minutes ago . Even if moving at top speed , it should still be within this area , yes ? Without the submarine 's exact location , I can 't teleport you there . But if Jet is right and they 're following standard launch procedure , their nuclear missiles will be launched in 15 minutes ! What about interceptor missiles ? The Aegis-equipped USS Sentinel is just off the coast of Hawaii . Let 's go with that . Weapons con , I 'm opening missile tubes . You have permission to fire . Stop ! Are you all right ? What 's the status of the nuclear missiles ? Looks like they haven 't been launched yet . Deployment of nuclear missiles requires multiple authorizations . A mutiny might have broken out aboard the ship . Sorry , I 'd really like to trust you guys , but ... Heat bloom detected ! Six , five , four ... Contact with targets ... Now ! Did we get them ? There 's one left . We missed it ! Francoise , can you handle the missile 's trajectory calculations ? It looks like our only option is to detonate it directly . And you 're going to do it yourself ? You can 't ! Even if you succeed , you won 't be able to return from that high up ! I know . Then why ? ! My life was spared so that I could do this . Ivan ? I want you to teleport Joe to the coordinates I 'm sending you . Are you sure , Francoise ? This next teleportation may be my last . Please . It 's still there ! Joe ! Something 's closing in on the missile ? Jet ! What are you doing here ? ! I 've been listening to you guys over the brainwave . Give me the charges ! Forget it ! You can still make it back by yourself ! Joe , even if this missile is stopped , there 's no guarantee His Voice will be . Are you still going through with it ? Every individual hears His Voice differently based on their state of mind . By letting people see us struggling against His Voice like this , others might join us in our fight ! You think that 's His real objective ? Probably . That 's why this is the only thing to do right now ! We did it ! I made it , Jet ! JET ! I 'll admit , human beings are foolish creatures . Whenever we gather together in a group , we 're easily corrupted by a collective unconscious we can 't resist . But on an individual basis , those imperfections mean that we 're full of unexpected surprises and discoveries . We have unlimited potential . That 's what makes us so amazing ! Are You going to crush the hopes of all those people who have answered Your call and risked their lives to save this world ? ! In spite of all this , are You going to destroy humanity ? The whole world ? Answer me ! God ! Good , you 're awake . Yeah ... Where are we ? In my safe house . Your safe house ? What am I doing here ? How did I get back down to Earth ? Good question ... It 's a mystery . But the fact that you did is proof that He answered your prayer . Then the world is ... Wait , what about Jet ? Pyunma , you 're here , too ? Yeah . I was here when I came to . Hey ! Where the heck are we ? If you two are here ... does that mean this is Heaven ? No ... This is the world that you boys saved . It 's good to have you back . I 'm proud of you . What the heck is going on ? Is this His Voice , too ? Who knows ? But maybe this is the world that someone who heard His Voice wished for really hard . If that 's true , what are we supposed to do next ? The world 's engulfed in endless wars . True , the situation has changed dramatically . But doesn 't that mean that now is the time for you to fight for the justice you believe in ? You know ... when I saw those shooting stars , I thought ... that He wouldn 't send us challenges we aren 't able to overcome . And that maybe those angel fossils are a monument to the nameless people who heard His Voice and sacrificed themselves to do what they thought was right . Voice cast : 009 Joe Shimamura : Mamoru Miyano 002 Jet Link : Daisuke Ono 003 Francoise Arnoul : Chiwa Saito 004 Albert Heinrich : Toru Okawa 005 : Geronimo Jr . : Teruyuki Tanzawa 006 Chang Changku : Taro Masuoka 007 Great Britain : Hiroyuki Yoshino 008 Pyunma : Noriaki Sugiyama 001 Ivan Whisky : Sakiko Tamagawa Doctor Isaac Gilmore : Nobuyuki Katsube Based on the manga by Shotaro Ishinomori Animation Production : Production I.G and Sanzigen Produced by Tomohiko lshii Directed by Kenji Kamiyama ( c ) 2012009 RE : CYBORG Production Committee
