 ANNOUNCER : Previously on Fringe : PETER : Walternate said it was a powerful piece of ancient tech . - He 's finished assembling it ? - He was missing pieces . - This machine is dangerous . - Which is why we need to understand it . Our Agent Dunham , has she made contact ? WALTER : She 's on the Other Side focused on the task at hand . - I had a really nice time tonight . - Me too . NEWTON : I don 't know what your mission is . I imagine it requires you to gain Peter Bishop 's trust . You 're in over your head . Your emotions betray you . You question your ability to pull this off . And that will lead to your undoing . WOMAN ( ON PHONE ) : I would like to talk to you . ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) - I lied to you . - About what ? I don 't wanna talk . ( FOGHORN BLARES ) BARRETT ( OVER RADIO ) : Stockton Harbor . Stockton Harbor , come in . Requesting clearance . MURRAY : Tide is coming in strong , pulling a fog bank in from the east . It 's close to shore so watch yourself and take it slow . BARRETT : Copy that , we see it up ahead . It looks like pea soup . Maintain a bearing of three-five-eight . I 've hung a lantern out for you . ( MUSIC BOX MELODY PLAYING ON RADIO ) ( IN CHINESE ) Uh-huh . DAN ( IN ENGLISH ) : Shen , you 're seriously not coming ? Dude , when I crack this thing they are gonna write books about me . ( MUSIC BOX MELODY PLAYING ON RADIO ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) ( MUSIC BOX MELODY PLAYING ) Hey , Beck . You want a tea ? Love one . Hey , Aaron , you gonna make Mommy a tea ? ( CHUCKLES ) ( COMPUTER BEEPING ) - It 's starting . - Okay , I 'll leave you alone . ( WOMAN SPEAKING IN GERMAN OVER RADIO ) ( STATIC NOISE ON RADIO ) ( MUSIC BOX MELODY RESUMES ON RADIO ) BARRETT ( OVER RADIO ) : Captain Barrett to Fort Point Light Station . Come in . Over . ( GROANS ) Fort Point , we 're lost in the fog bank . We can 't see the light . Over . Fort Point , are you there ? This is Swedish Fish . Come in . Murray , it 's Dave . I 've got no eyes out here . DAN : Hey , I forgot my ID . Dude . Shen ? ( IN CHINESE ) - Becky . - Stay away from me . - Whoa . Wha ... ? - I said stay back ! Who are you ? It 's me , Laird . ( BABY CRYING NEARBY ) ( WHIMPERING ) Who am I ? Fringe s3e06 6955 KHZ Oh , wow . This is better than room service . ( CHUCKLES ) - What did I do to get so lucky ? - Nothing . It 's just for being you . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . So , what 's the latest catastrophe I wanna know nothing about ? Well , uh , earthquakes , oil spills , financial disaster . Not really the best way to start the day . Here I thought there was nothing good until the entertainment section . - What 's in the entertainment section ? - I don 't know but you should find out . - I love U2 . - Figure we 're overdue for a normal date . That is just so sweet and so kind of romantic . Try not to sound so shocked . Thank you . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Walter . Walter , is that you ? Of course it 's me . I came in this morning and found your little project . - What project would that be ? - You know what project . You are continuing to work on this infernal device ... - ... the one in the blueprints . - Correct . I 'm running diagnostics ... WALTER : I thought I made my position clear . I do not want my equipment used for such reckless purposes . You have no idea what it does . You might as well be building a nuclear bomb in my lab . ( CHUCKLES ) I don 't think that 's entirely fair . Fine . If you end up breaking the universe this time it 's on your head . OLIVIA : What was that about ? - It 's nothing . Apparently , Walter doesn 't want me playing with his toys . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Dunham . BROYLES ( ON PHONE ) : There 's been an incident . - Yes , sir . BROYLES : I 'll text you the address . We 'll meet you there . Broyles . Guess that means we 're doing the crossword in the car . So 15 people down the Eastern Seaboard all suffered amnesia at the same time ? Around 10 : 45 PM . Collective memory loss ? That 's a new one for the medical books . According to the Pentagon , victims were all using shortwave radios . Ham radio enthusiasts ? Maybe their brains were erased by the magnetic winds from a solar storm . If it hadn 't happened four hours after sundown , you might be onto something . BROYLES : Becky Woomer . Her husband said he left her alone for three minutes . In that time , she forgot all details , including her name . DOD is concerned this could be a test run for a potential terror attack . The doctors don 't understand it . They can 't even tell me if she 's gonna get her memory back . Did your wife ever tell you what it was she listened to ? Becky was a moderator in a chat room . They listened to number stations . - Number stations ? - I don 't know much about them . They 're kind of a mystery . Oh . A reel-to-reel . I used to have one exactly like this . I remember hours spent , ripped out of my gourd listening to Beatles albums backwards for secret messages . They weren 't there . So apparently , Becky recorded last night 's broadcast . Whatever she heard should be on that tape . But listening to what they recorded last night could cause us to forget why we wanted to listen in the first place , Einstein . - Did he say what 's on it ? - He said she spends her nights listening to numbers on random ham radio stations . She 's trying to crack some code . - Number stations ? - You heard of them ? Number stations . Nobody knows what they are or even where they come from . They 're artificially generated voices reading streams of random numbers in a wide variety of languages . The Department of Defense hired us to investigate . Other than the fact they were first discovered 70 years ago we came up with nothing . We could never triangulate their point of origin . This one , we picked up four years ago . ( BEEPING AND STATIC ON RECORDING ) ( MAN SPEAKING IN SPANISH ON RECORDING ) Some people think they may be covert communications between spies or drug traffickers . Problem is , no one has been able to find proof to support any theory so they remain unexplained . But the number broadcasts have never caused amnesia ? Not to the best of our knowledge . WALTER : Perhaps Peter would like to play last night 's tape aloud to everyone . Given his recent fondness for dangerous activity . As soon as she 's up to it , I 'd like to examine the woman who lost her mind . And I think I know a way to analyze the tape without losing our memories . Oh . I need something from the Child Development Center . - Sixth floor ? - Actually , the seventh . Might want to escort him . Yesterday he spent 15 minutes in front of a utility closet , thinking it was the elevator . PETER ( CHUCKLING ) : Right . Be right back . Could Astrid take a look at your research ? She might pick up something . Of course . Olivia are Peter and Walter okay ? Yeah . You know we found a piece of the machine that Walternate is building . - Peter 's trying to figure it out . - He should . We need to know what we 're dealing with . Except Walter doesn 't agree . He won 't help . He keeps setting up roadblocks for Peter . You know , you two go back a long way . Maybe you could talk to him . What , you 're not having any luck ? Oh , I haven 't tried . But that 's not like you . You 're usually more direct with Walter . It 's complicated between them . I don 't wanna make it worse . ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) I 'll speak with Walter . Dunham . Yes ? Where ? BROYLES : Homeland Security traced the broadcast . When they tried to contact the tower employees , they didn 't get a response . TROOPER : As far as we can tell , the break-in happened around 10 : 30 . Security system was state-of-the-art . Whoever did this was a pro . But there 's something else . ( FAINT WHIRRING NEARBY ) OLIVIA : How the hell 's it doing that ? It 's not floating exactly . Apparently it 's got some sort of magnetics inside . Do you think this was the source of last night 's broadcast ? BROYLES : This is definitely wired to output a transmission . Hold on . I wanna see that panel . I need the print powder . It 's impossible to do microelectronics with gloves on . Let 's get this to Dr. Bishop . This should keep me busy for eternity . Thank you . Okay . That was Olivia . They 're analyzing the fingerprints they found at the tower . And they think they found the device used to upload last night 's broadcast . ( HIGH-PITCH TONE AND LOW VOCAL NOISE ) WALTER : Ah . What 's that ? ( MOOS ) ( SHEEP BAAS ) " Property of Massive Dynamic " ? It 's not theft if you own the company . I 've found a way to listen to the tape of the numbers broadcast without losing what faculties I have left . How 'd you manage that ? The key is analog demodulation . ( CHUCKLES ) I knew my Jimi Hendrix wah-wah pedal would come in handy . Take a look . This is the sound of the transmission ... ( WOMAN SPEAKING IN GERMAN ON RECORDING ) ... modified so it 's safe , of course . But if we demodulate ... PETER : So there are two signals ? WALTER : Precisely . The top wave is the numbers . The bottom wave , which I have suppressed , is a pulse . And I believe that this is responsible for the amnesia . Someone found a way to attach this pulse to the numbers broadcast . That explains why nobody 's been affected by listening to number stations before . They 're not causing the problem . So we still don 't know where the numbers come from . But I suspect that the device that Agent Dunham found is the source of the pulse . Okay , but who would do this ? And why give these people amnesia ? Because they cracked the code . Or they came damn close to figuring out what number stations are . - Somebody wants to keep that a secret . WALTER : Well done . You sounded very Sherlock Holmes just then which makes you Watson , dear . Walter . Is this the sound board I was using to run diagnostics on the weapon ? I was using it to down-convert the signal . Really ? I was focused on solving the case at hand . I 'm not concerned with preserving your wretched experiment . Now , if you don 't mind , I have some thinking to do . This has gotta stop . Walter . I asked you not to work on that device in my lab . They 're working on it on the Other Side . We need to understand what it does . What 's to understand ? You 're playing with fire . Stop being so bullheaded and put a stop to this . Walter . When I touched that device on the Other Side , it came alive in my hands . Like it responded directly to me . How can you expect me to ignore that ? I just talked to Olivia . They pulled a picture of our suspect from his prints . She 's taking it to the Woomer house to show the husband . And Becky was released from the hospital . She 's back home now . Oh . OLIVIA : His name is Joseph Feller . Earlier we picked up his prints from a radio tower just outside Boston . His last known address was Milwaukee , Wisconsin . That was in 1997 . But since then , he 's been off the map . I 've never seen him before in my life . Do you mind if we poke around ? Some things here could be useful to us . Maybe check out her computer , address book ? Of course . Read this and then do what it says . " Stand up . Then sit down . " Wonderful . Thank you . Earlier I told you the names of three things . - Cat , horse , cotton candy . - Very good . It 's beautiful . I don 't remember doing this . I suppose I was knitting it for the baby . I don 't recognize him . I don 't recognize that man who is out there . I look at the pictures everywhere and I see myself in them but I don 't know them . The human brain is a miracle a most resilient organ . The storage unit for everything you have ever known or seen or felt . It 's all still in there whether or not you 're conscious of that . This is a list of everybody Becky talked to about the number stations . - You recognize anyone ? - Ed Markam ? Bookstore owner , purveyor of rare manuscripts , your favorite ladies ' man . - Oh , right . Ha , ha . How could I forget ? - I 'm gonna give him a call . See if maybe he has some idea about this . Walter ? Are you all right ? I know what it 's like . What this woman 's going through , I lived it . To not recognize your life , it 's awful . I 'm sorry , Walter . Don 't be . Let 's just focus on putting a stop to this before more people get hurt . ( WHIRRING ) ( THUNDER CRASHES AND PASSENGERS SHRIEK ) Baltimore Center , this is Landau 287 . Request to divert to Richmond , over . OPERATOR ( OVER RADIO ) : Roger , Landau 287 . Weather is level five thunderstor you 'll have to ... ( RADIO STATIC ) Baltimore Center , say again , you 're breaking up . ( PASSENGERS YELL ) WOMAN : Oh , no ! We had you on ... ... four eighty-two ... ( MUSIC BOX MELODY PLAYING ) ( MAN SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN OVER RADIO ) ( SCREAMING ) NEWSMAN ( ON TV ) : The small twin-engine plane went down just outside of Owings Mills ... NTSB just released a statement . It looks like the plane 's radio was tuned into the same frequency of the second broadcast . Precisely what I was worried about . A second attack . Now not only do we have 20 new amnesiacs , but six people died . Damn it ! Why can 't I get a current ? - Maybe you reversed the poles . - No . It just doesn 't make sense . Everything that I know about the physics of electricity says that this device shouldn 't work at all . Walter , I know that you 're angry right now , and I get it . I cannot make heads or tails of this code . It 's immense . It 's not even just one code . The numbers are a code , the time between the numbers is a code ... ( CELL PHONE RINGS ) Yes , sir ? Okay , I will make sure that he gets it . That was Agent Broyles . There was another radio-tower break-in . It was unmanned , so nobody was hurt . But they found another cube , the one that must 've downed the aircraft . - They 're sending it over now . - Wonderful . Another cube I can 't make any sense of . Well maybe this will do us some good ? ( CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING ) Hmm . ( CHUCKLES ) All right . Let 's get back to work . MARKHAM : Number stations ? It was a hobby . I banged my head on that wall for five years , then gave up . Stamp collecting , now , there 's a hobby with dividends . All the people who listened to the last two number broadcasts have had their memories wiped . - We 're trying to identify who 's behind it . - Are you serious ? Whatever they figured out about the numbers somebody made sure they forgot it . So whatever you know about what they mean would really help us . Okay . I 'll help you , but you have to promise me I 'll be safe . Sure , done . Just tell us what you know about the stations . First of all , they 're as old as dirt . When Marconi invented the radio , first thing he heard was the numbers . They were floating around in space , waiting for someone to listen . Marconi picked up a transmission before humans invented ... - ... the technology to send one ? - Creepy , right ? OLIVIA : The First People . MARKHAM : By Seamus Wiles . 1897 . There was only one edition . You 're holding one of the last copies . - This 'll tell us what the numbers mean ? - No . Where they came from . Or one theory at least . By " first people , " are we talking about Adam and Eve ? Before dinosaurs , before all of it , there were the First People . The first humans to evolve on this planet . - If you don 't know anything , say that . - I 'm serious . Look , just read the book , it 's all in there . - How much for it ? - I don 't want money . I want protection . What if someone comes to erase my memories ? ( CHUCKLES ) I should be so lucky . Thanks , Markham . Fantastic . Now I have bookends . NINA : Definitely a conversation piece . Nina . If I 'd known you were coming , I 'd have baked a cake . - Ha . - He means that . Literally . Next time I 'll call . Hello , Astrid . Walter , I need to speak with you . I forgot how serious this campus has become . I remember my time here quite differently . We did have fun , didn 't we ? ( NINA CHUCKLES ) I don 't know what happened to this generation . I have a prescription . So do I. WALTER : Look at all these students . When did they become so afraid ? We had the courage to think against the grain of what we were told . We let our curiosity be our guide . So why stop Peter from following his ? What Peter 's doing is different . He is bent on pursuing something despite the grave risks it poses to his well-being . You can 't create a vaccine ... - ... without working with the virus . - No . But I have experienced what this kind of hubris can do . NINA : Yet you didn 't heed anyone 's warning . I begged you to stop , but you insisted on finding a way to cross over . Peter wouldn 't be here now if you hadn 't . - If he continues to investigate ... - He will continue whether you like it or not . Then he will play right into Walternate 's hands . - What do you mean ? - If only one world can survive then it stands to reason that Walternate will use Peter to ensure that it 's his world that does . He 's already built as much of the machine as he can . He gave the blueprints to Peter and asked him to complete it . Even though this could kill him . NINA : I remember , Walter , but who says this is the only outcome ? It 's a drawing , not destiny . Even if you 're right about Walternate 's plan , you don 't know if he 'll succeed . And given the stakes , won 't Peter need your guidance more than ever ? Walter , one of the things I have most admired about you is your optimism . Don 't become a fatalist now . So according to this , something happened , some sort of cataclysm that so decimated the First People , they were just wiped out of history . So how did Seamus Wiles know about them ? Ha , ha . Yeah , exactly . They were apparently very technologically advanced . - They discovered the Vacuum . - The vacuum cleaner ? ( CHUCKLES ) No . The Vacuum as in " the source of all creation and destruction . " Interesting . This book is useless . There 's nothing here . What were the numbers on the first broadcast ? - Why ? - If you believe the book the First People measured time in months with different numbers of days . - Humor me . What were the numbers ? - Uh ... Twelve . Thirty-four . Seventeen . Nine . Fifteen . - And , uh , eight , 42 , 40 , yeah . - Eight , 42 , 40 . The numbers of the first broadcast correspond with the numbers here . They match the numbers of this calendar . I never thought I 'd say this , but I think Markham 's right . Somehow these number stations are connected to the First People . What the hell does that mean ? WALTER : It 's fascinating . Remarkable . Read more . You don 't actually believe this ? An ancient people who evolved before the dinosaurs just vanished without a trace ? It 's absurd . Why should we be so arrogant as to assume that we 're the first Homo sapiens to walk the Earth ? History is full of extinction events . - Climate change , meteorites , Atlantis ... - Atlantis ? - Peter , help me out here . - I don 't know what I believe yet . Their calendar corresponds with the numbers of the first broadcast . That can 't be a coincidence . " They were a people of technological prowess ... " ... who made the ultimate discovery : a mechanism known to them as ' the Vacuum . ' " Containing at once both the power to create and to destroy . " The Vacuum . What a wonderful name . And it verifies some of my theories . What theories ? Create and destroy what ? Well , everything . Many religions speak of such a power . And science . The big bang , and its counterpart , the big crunch . The universe expanding and contracting and expanding . An endless cycle of creation and destruction . Okay , let 's run with that . Let 's say these First People did create this mechanism . And then somehow translated it into a code . And now someone is wiping peoples memories to keep the code a secret ? It 's not so surprising . It 's the key to the universe . It 's a secret worth protecting . Hey . Sorry I 'm late . I thought these might cheer you up . WALTER : Oh . Oh . Malasadas ! Oh , wonderful . ( OLIVIA CHUCKLES ) - Anything new in the book ? - The numbers hold the answers . But beyond that , nothing tangible . PETER : Wait a minute . Hey , Walter . Come here , take a look at this . This transistor is newer than the rest of them . Somebody must 've replaced it . It 's Polish , and it 's military grade . A couple places are licensed to sell parts like that . They 're all regulated . Which means you have to give a verified address to buy one . I 'm gonna make some phone calls . - May I borrow that ? - Mm-hm . I feel a bowel movement coming on . Walter . Can you tell Peter I 'll be back ? I 'm gonna let Broyles know where we 're at . Mm-hm . WALTER : Avocado , cucumber and cheese . In 1974 the CIA asked me to develop the best sandwich for clarity of thought . There 's too much information here . Of course , the chips are just because I like foods that crunch . There has to be a pattern here . Every code relies on a pattern . I just need to see it . But you can 't . That 's your problem . - Thanks for the vote of confidence . - Oh , no , no , no . No , I simply meant that to break the code you 'd have to think like they did . And they lived millions and millions of years ago . I mean , for one thing , look at their concept of time . Nine days in a month . If you 're not going to eat those chips , may I ? What ? What happened ? Here . Read me this calendar . How many days are in each month ? - Why ? - Humor me . The first two have 12 and 34 . Then 17 , nine , 15 . What are you thinking ? That maybe what we 're missing is a cipher matrix . Our decoder ring . Okay , what are the next months ? Eight , 42 , 40 , 27 ... OLIVIA : We got a problem . The secretary said we weren 't supposed to meet . He 's on the Other Side . He can 't foresee every event . You replaced a transistor in one of the boxes ? Polish . They found it . They 're tracking the sale as we speak . - Who are these people ? - You were sloppy . - You jeopardized the mission . - I upload another pulse tomorrow . You 've done enough . We 've got their attention . No need to hurt more innocent people . What do they say on this side ? " All 's fair in love and war " ? If they were in our shoes , they would do exactly what we 're doing . ( CELL PHONE RINGS ) Dunham . BROYLES : We 've got an address on the suspect . Joseph Feller . 989 Nelson Street , Medford . - We 're en route with backup . - Okay . I 'm on my way . - They 're coming . GEMINI : Where should I go ? You have any information on my next mission ? Yeah . I do . Olivia 's already here . ( GUNSHOTS ) WOMAN 1 : Oh , no ! MAN 1 : Did you see that ? WOMAN 2 : I saw the whole thing . WOMAN 3 : What happened ? MAN 2 : He jumped . It 's a shape-shifter . Olivia . Thank God you 're all right . What happened ? - He came at me . I had no choice . - But you 're all right ? Yeah , I 'm all right , but I ... He was coming out as I got here and ... - But you 're all right ? - Uh-huh . WALTER : Any breakthroughs ? ASTRID : I don 't know . I thought that maybe if I added up all the numbers ... Well , keep at it . Oh , and I wouldn 't go in the bathroom , dear . Huh . Whoa , whoa , hold on . I need to look at that body . You got a pair of gloves on you ? BROYLES : What is it ? - It makes sense why Walter couldn 't figure out the tech that emitted the pulse . It came from the Other Side . Which suggests Walternate knows what the numbers mean . He must be the one protecting the code . What ? Data storage unit . Guess we 're not gonna get anything out of that . It 's toast . ( CELL PHONE RINGS ) - Dunham . - I think I cracked the code . I know what number stations are . It 's a coordinate system . These numbers indicate locations . Latitude and longitude . 35 degrees and 40 minutes south by 58 degrees and 40 minutes west . That 's just outside Buenos Aires , Argentina . All of these numbers indicate specific locations on the globe . Ethiopia , Spain , China . So , what 's there ? At the end of the points ? So far as I can tell ? Nothing special . A farmhouse , a public swimming pool , random stuff like that . We 're not looking for a man-made structure . If this message is millions of years old then we 're likely talking about something buried beneath the earth . How many locations ? I haven 't finished plugging in all the numbers , but so far , 22 . And what 's the closest one ? PETER : What 'd I miss ? Oh , uh , thank you . Nothing yet . They just pulled up an old buried football , so ... I had to go back . I forgot to say skim . ( CHUCKLES ) You walked there twice ? You didn 't have to do that . I had a motive . It 's the little things that make me irresistible . What if he 's right ? - Walter . - Right about what ? I 've been thinking , Peter . Your father 's concerned about building Walternate 's device . What if it does mean the destruction of one universe or the other ? We don 't know that yet . That 's not really my point . If you knew that only one of our worlds could survive and if it was up to you and you alone to defend your side you 'd have no choice , right ? I mean , you would have to do what you had to do no matter the cost , to protect our world . There are billions of innocent people over there . Just like here . People with jobs , families , lives . I gotta believe there 's another way . And whatever my part in all of this is I gotta believe there 's another way . There 's always hope , right ? FOREMAN : We got something ! Oh , my . ( CELL PHONE RINGS ) Dunham . I just identified the last coordinates . Milton , Massachusetts . The house where the first piece of Walternate 's machine was buried . Do you think it 's possible that these locations are all part of the machine ? That Walternate 's device is the Vacuum described in The First People book ? Uh , yes . I think they 're one and the same . Astrid finished the code . There are 37 more locations . In that case , it seems we have work to do . We 'll have to recover the pieces , assemble it and figure out how it works . Creation and destruction . I suppose we 'll have to hope for the former . - Dunham . - Agent Dunham , this is Brandon Fayette . OLIVIA : Oh , Brandon , hey . Uh , I 'M on my way . I should be about an hour . Actually , that 's why I 'm calling . The secretary has decided to postpone today 's procedure . - So when do you want me to come in ? ALT BRANDON : It may not be necessary . We 'll let you know . Okay . Bye . PETER : You have to get out of here . You know why they canceled the last test , don 't you ? Whatever they needed from you , they have it now . It 's not safe for you here anymore , Olivia . You have to go home .
