 I intend to restore balance to our world . NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : REPORTER ( ON TV ) : An unstable wormhole that would not close was quarantined by Fringe Division Citizens encased in quarantined Amber have been ruled legally dead . We gave you the ability to identify things from the Other Side . OLIVIA : Was it me who described it as a glimmer ? PETER : There 's something I have to talk to you about . About her . Fake Olivia . When you asked me to come back to this world , you said ... - That you belonged with me . - And so I came back for you . And we started seeing each other . I thought she was you . She wasn 't me . How could you not see that ? Now she 's everywhere . She 's in my house , my job , my bed . I don 't wanna live in my apartment and I don 't wanna be with you . CHRIS : We need a secret word in case I need to escape . You 'll be fine . - I don 't know what to talk about . - They 're my friends . Just as long as you don 't discuss religion or politics . Oh . Well , it is lovely weather we 're having today . See ? You do small talk just as good as anyone . - Evening , folks . What unit ? - Uh , Kimball , 7C . DOORMAN : Enjoy . BOTH : Thanks . - Oh , is the elevator not working ? - Nope . It 's working . ( ELEVATOR DINGS ) Good luck . ( RUMBLING ) DOORMAN : Evening , Mrs. Marcello . Where you heading ? - Schrodinger Hotel , on Flatbush . - You 're not leaving too ? I can 't take it anymore . I haven 't slept in weeks . - Come on , it 's not that bad . - Yet . I won 't stay to find out how bad it 'll get . I 'm not spending another minute . All right , all right . At least let me hail you a cab . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) See , I know where Brooklyn is . - Oh , my God , you made it . - Hi . You must be Chris . It 's so nice to meet you . - California bubbly . - I like him already . Come in . A bunch of people are on the balcony . You guys head out , I 'll get some drinks . I 'll come with you . - Uh , wine ? Ha , ha . - Surprise me . - Okay . - He is handsome . And sweet , and funny ... - And your age . Finally . - Ha-ha-ha . Hey , try some of this chicken . It 's amazing . He 's great . At this point , we 're practically living together . - Really ? - Who are you living with ? - Oh , hey , Rick . - Her boyfriend . So have you given him a section of your closet ? And half the medicine cabinet . KIM : Rick . All right , all right . I 'll call the building manager . Yesterday the stove comes on completely by itself . RICK : Yeah , now we just need to teach it to make us breakfast . Hey . I 'm serious . This is not funny . - It 's kind of funny . KIM : Yeah . ( COUGHING ) KIM : Sylvia ? - Sylvia . - What 's in those ? I don 't know . It 's some type of barbecue . - My God . - Get my purse . She 's having some allergic reaction . Go get Chris . - Where 's Chris ? - Hey , I 'm Chris . RICK : Sylvia can 't breathe , she needs her purse . It 's with her coat . To the Schrodinger , corner of Flatbush and ... ( THUDDING ) ( GASPS ) ( WOMAN SCREAMS ) Fringe s3e14 6B Yum , yum , pigs , plum , pancakes blue OJ , grapefruit PETER : What 's the occasion , Walter ? Oh , nothing special . Been quiet for the past couple of weeks . No new cases . And somehow that has translated into never seeing Olivia and I , for one , miss her . Any reason you didn 't mention this last night ? Would you believe it slipped my mind ? No , I would not . Whatever 's happening with Olivia and I , or not happening , as the case may be is really between us . It 's none of your concern . Your happiness is my concern . And while that 's sweet , I 'm begging you , please , don 't try and force things , okay ? I 'm not forcing anything . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) - Good morning , Walter . - Yes , it is . It 's good to see you , dear . - So , what was so important ? - Hmm ? Oh , important ? Breakfast . Most important meal of the day , and I proved it in 1973 . Blueberry pancakes . This is a Bishop family specialty , best eaten while still warm . You didn 't have to do this . That 's exactly what I told him . Oh , there 's something missing . He wants us to spend time together . The three of us ? ( MORRIS ALBERT 'S " FEELINGS " PLAYS ON RECORD PLAYER ) No . Just the two . Walter ! He 's not lying . The pancakes are fantastic . I 'm gonna head back to the office . ( MUSIC STOPS ) Olivia . Look , I don 't approve of his methodology but since we 're here we should take advantage of the situation and talk about what 's about bothering you . I don 't really know what to say . Look , I know that you still think about her . I know you had feelings for her , and that you still do . And , frankly , I don 't think you 've been completely honest with me . ( LAUGHS ) Well , you 're right . I mean , I haven 't told you everything . - Mostly because I didn 't think you ... - That I could handle it ? I know you struggle with trust issues , have difficulty letting people in . I 'm struggling because the reasons are real . I 'm not making them up . I know . I never wanted to be one of the reasons . And I still think about her because I imagined going down that path with you . Imagining what it would be like to wake up with you . To sit around , just the two of us , having coffee , reading the paper . And then finally I had it . I 've seen what the two of us together looks like , and it 's beautiful . Peter , she 's the one that took it away from us . Not me . And now ? Who 's the one stopping us now ? ( PHONE RINGING ) Dunham . ( SIGHS ) Yes , sir , we 'll be right there . ( POLICE SIRENS BLARING ) PETER : I 'm gonna go get Walter . OLIVIA : Okay . Hey , Cupid . Did my plan work ? If your plan was to make things even more awkward and painful between us it worked like a charm . Perhaps I should have made a frittata . Six people at a party on the seventh floor fell to their deaths last night . One second they were on the balcony , next , they were hitting the sidewalk . What , they all jumped ? Like a flash mob , of suicide . Jumpers don 't usually take their patio furniture when they commit suicide . Any structural damage to the balcony they were on ? First responders didn 't detect anything . That doorman , Jimmy , was on duty when they fell . OLIVIA : Okay , well , I 'll meet you guys upstairs . Jimmy ? I 'm , uh , Agent Olivia Dunham . I wonder if I could ask a few questions about what happened last night . I don 't know . I don 't know what happened . I was helping Mrs. Marcello hail a cab and then this body just hit the ground . And then another , and then they all just came down . But at once ? Like they all jumped at the same time ? Maybe it 's true what they say about this place . What do they say ? Sylvia has a peanut allergy and I guess something that we had catered triggered an attack . RICK : I ran out to the balcony to get her boyfriend . We were so busy with Sylvia that by the time we heard the screams , everyone was gone . WALTER : Don 't be a daredevil . - I 'm not , I 'm not , I 'm not . I don 't think these people jumped . You 're right . Even if they 'd just went over the railing , they would have landed farther out . Yeah . Simple physics . Instead , they landed directly below us . It 's as if they went straight through the balcony . Let 's not push it , all right ? Fascinating . How do six people fall through a solid floor ? OLIVIA : Ghosts . Apparently , the residents think the Rosencrantz building is haunted . Apparently , unexplained phenomena 's been happening here for a while . - Unexplained phenomena ? - Yeah . Like the water pipes would be replaced and then two days later explode . Or the electricity would go on and then go off , unexplained . People have been reporting odd sounds . That describes just about every single prewar building . Well , half the tenants have already moved out . People are falling through balconies . I think they 're about to lose the other half . Any ideas , Walter ? I know what 's happening here . Ten times I 've flipped this coin and 10 times I 've gotten heads . That 's fairly inconceivable . The laws of physics are being disrupted here . The balcony . Here one second , gone the next . What are you saying , Walter ? That like the other universe , our world is starting to come apart at the seams . And the tear is beginning right here . Damn it . - Walter , what are you looking for ? - My seismograph . How am I to measure micro-quakes without my damned seismographs ? Walter , we keep them in the back . Then why are you sitting around ? I 'll go get it . - A " thank you " wouldn 't kill you . - Oh , I 'm sorry if , as the universe is collapsing , I forgot the magic word . OLIVIA : Walter , I understand that you 're worried but we don 't know we 're dealing with a soft spot . It is not a soft spot , dear . It is a hole , which could potentially lead to a vortex . With the operative word being " potential . " Yes . Agreed . We need proof . And that 's where you come in . I want all the data we can glean from that location . Digital spectrometer , radiological survey meter . We need to track any irregularities . Walter , this is still hypothetical ... I know that this is not exactly precise science . Perhaps you 'd prefer I put Olivia into a heightened state of fear and anxiety in the hopes that she may get a glimmer from the Other Side ? That 's not what I meant . Here 's the seismograph . Thank you , Astrid . We 're gonna go set this up at the Rosencrantz . If any seismic activity happens , you 'll be the first to know . Yes . Thank you . Please . Hocus pocus . Whatever you wanna hear . Walter , what 's all that about ? Nothing . Do you remember the chemical attack on the commuter bus some years ago ? Yeah . It was one of our first cases . I want the case file and I want my lab notes for the case , please . How come ? Dear God . Is it Second-Guess Everything I Do Day ? Because I haven 't been informed . I 'll get you the file , Walter . OLIVIA : Okay , the seismograph 's online . PETER : All right , Walter , we got everything set up . Well , can 't you do that from there ? Okay , fine . We 'll stay here . Yeah . Bye . - You 're kidding . - He wants us to stay . He knows it 's 12 degrees out here ? He said to stay close in case we have any last-second calibrations . Do you really think this is the end of the world as we know it ? If it is , there 's no reason to wait in the cold for it . There 's a bar across the street . You think now 's the time to be throwing back shots ? Who said anything about shots ? Maybe they got fries . OLIVIA : Now you 're talking . DOORMAN : Evening , Mrs. Merchant . Hello , Jimmy . ( ELEVATOR DINGS ) ( OLDIES MUSIC PLAYING ON JUKEBOX ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) Mystery selection coming up . - Is it " Feelings " ? - Ha . - No . - Ha , ha . Did I tell you about Walter 's rendition of " Never , Never Gonna Give You Up " ? No , but I actually love Barry White . He was only wearing his socks at the time . He was doing the Hustle . There was a lot going on . Ha-ha-ha . Okay . That 's enough . ( STEVIE WONDER 'S " FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE " PLAYS ON JUKEBOX ) You know when you were talking earlier about what it felt like when you thought you were with me ? You said that it was beautiful . Yeah . I wanna know what that feels like . But ... Olivia , what ? I just need to get some air . I 'm sorry . Olivia . Look , whatever that was , if you think it 's a mistake ... Peter . You glimmered . When we kissed , you glimmered . So you 're afraid . - Afraid of what ? - That you were right . That this isn 't just about her . It was , but I think that this is me . I think that I 'm stopping us . Maybe I 'm just incapable of being vulnerable . - Come on , you know that 's not true . - It must be . I 'm terrified that I can 't fix this . That this is just who I am . What do you see ? ( BEEPING ) Peter ? Are you getting these readings ? What 's happening ? I don 't know . I 'll call you back . Peter ? What happened ? Who was he ? My husband . His ghost . Nothing . I thought there 'd be some radiation leakage from over there . You don 't buy it 's her husband 's ghost ? There 's no such thing as ghosts . That 's where you draw the line ? Ghosts ? ( LAUGHS ) Belly and I used to argue about this constantly what happens to the body 's energy after death . William theorized we should be able to capture that energy using what he called soul magnets . That 's a catchy name . He said if he were right , he would contact me from the great beyond . I haven 't gotten the call yet . If she didn 't see her husband 's ghost , then what did Mrs. Merchant see ? Mrs. Merchant , when was the first time you saw your husband ? You mean after he died ? He 's been visiting for a couple of months now . Looks like you two were together for a long time . Almost 45 years . These photographs are beautiful . Was he a photographer ? - He liked to pretend he was . - Oh . When we 'd travel , he 'd tell people we worked for National Geographic . No , I know that that sounds horrible . No . But that little fib got us into a few restricted , but spectacular places . We never had children , so that was our thing . We made a hell of a team . Forgive me , but how did Derek die ? It was stupid . The fuse box blew like it always did and we flipped a coin like usual . Whenever there was a chore neither of us wanted to do , we 'd flip for it . Derek lost this time . There was a short in the wiring . He died instantly . After his death , you must 've been devastated . Is that when he started coming to you ? No . I couldn 't get out of bed after the funeral . We 'd been together since we were twenty . He was part of me . Then he was gone . So when did you first see him after he died ? A few days after . Around dinner . For a second , I forgot . I wondered what Derek was in the mood to eat . And then , I remembered he was gone . And all I felt was despair . All I wanted was him . Even if that meant dying myself . And that 's when he came . He came to be with me . When I needed him . How long did you two live here ? Uh ... Over 40 years . Derek owned this apartment . - I moved in after we got married . - Ah . Walter , why did you ask that question , how long had she lived here ? What does it matter ? Because if her husband had this apartment , then it stands to reason that her husband 's double may have this apartment on the Other Side . Which proves I 'm right . The universe is breaking apart at this very spot . That woman is seeing through to the Other Side mistaking the other Derek for her husband . Which is why I can see him too . Yes . And if the fabric separating our universes is so thin that Mrs. Merchant can see through it ... This is not good at all . I understand why she can see through and I can 't but how is it that Mrs. Merchant can see through it ? Right now , I 'm not interested in how , Peter . I 'm more concerned about what happens next . Which is ? Imagine this is the soft spot in the universe . With every incident it weakens it a little more . Until eventually a vortex , a gaping hole that sucks in and obliterates everything around it . Just like we 've seen happened on the Other Side . ASTRID : Walter , I found it . - Good . What took so long ? The FBI had transferred the case files to Massive Dynamic . - Which file ? - Commuter bus attack several years ago . How is that relevant ? I 've been worried about this since we returned from the Other Side . How we would respond if a vortex opened up here and how we would plug the breach . - Please don 't tell me ... - What am I missing ? We would do the same thing as they did over there . The government asked us to analyze its properties . No one had ever seen anything like it before , so there was concern . Good reason . If I 'm right , this has a composition similar to the material that Walternate uses . We need half a dozen of our best scientists . And that nervous fellow , Brandon . Dr. Bishop , let me get this straight . Are you really suggesting that the FBI encase that building in Amber ? Perhaps the whole block . Tell them they can refer to my lab notes . Stop . We 've seen what the Amber 's done the Other Side , thousands trapped . Not to mention the public reaction . We 'd be looking at mass hysteria . I understand , but how do you think the public will react if that soft spot turns into a vortex ? A black hole that swallows up half of Brooklyn . We should get started . I understand that it 's a last resort , but it 's a bad last resort . You know more than any of us do . What 's the protocol over there ? Well , the Fringe Team goes in and , uh , assesses the scope of damage . Then they set a perimeter . They evacuate as many as they can . And once the canister is in place , the gas is dispersed and within seconds , the Amber solidifies . ( SIGHS ) I need to run this up the channels . Not how you imagined meeting the president , huh ? I already know him . He doesn 't like me . I beat him at golf . What are you thinking ? Uh , I understand Walter 's concerns , but there 's got to be another way , right ? When I access the information on the other soft spots Walter still doesn 't know what 's causing the incidents . But if this is a new spot , why there ? Why that building ? Maybe we can figure out how to stop it . Lets pull up all the geological reports from the Rosencrantz as well going back to the first reported incident and see what we 're missing . We 've narrowed down the parameters based on your notes and we think this mixture should replicate the compound you 're looking for . So how 's it going ? Walter , are you all right ? For a long time , I 've been willing to think the worst of Walternate . That he was an evil man willing to use any means necessary to get what he needed . I suppose it made it easier to justify what I did . Now , we 're faced with the same decision and I 'm arguing that we do exactly what he did . What sort of person does that make me ? One who 's asking the right questions . You don 't think he grappled with them too ? ( BEEPING ) BRANDON : The compound is ready , sir . There 's nothing unusual beneath the surface . There 's no subway tunnels , no major utility lines . I mean , what are we missing ? Hey . I 'm sorry . Um ... The woman who lost her husband , Alice Merchant why can she see through to the Other Side ? You can do it , but only when your emotions are heightened . That emotional intensity is your trigger . She 's grieving . That 's intense . But people lose loved ones all the time . What makes her so unique ? And why can she only see her husband 's double , and not her own ? If they both live on the Other Side she should see them both , right ? Maybe the other Alice lost the coin toss . She told you they used to flip a coin to see who 's going to fix the fuse . Maybe the same thing happened ... - ... but on the Other Side ... - Alice died instead of Derek . Okay . Well , what if we 've been looking at this all wrong ? What if this is not about physics , but about people ? Go on . Is it possible that these people , both grieving for each other in the exact same spot are somehow causing this soft spot ? Some form of emotional quantum entanglement . Perhaps . Spooky action at a distance . Einstein . Two objects interacting with each other even though they 're separated . - The man had a way with words . OLIVIA : So it is possible . In theory . I 'd have to test it . ( PHONE RINGING ) And I 'd have to figure out how to do that . - Dunham . - Olivia I 'm picking up all kinds of seismic activity in Park Slope . It 's happening again . ( BEEPING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) South side of the street is clear , sir . Move west and merge with team Bravo . I want an update in five . MAN ( OVER RADIO ) : Yes , sir . - Is that the ambering device ? I 've prepared a remote detonator so your agent won 't get caught in it . BROYLES : You two , take this cylinder , place it in the stairwell . Then , report directly to me . Quickly . Sir , I think that there 's another option . Short version : The woman who can see through to the Other Side ? What if whatever freak accident that killed her husband over here also killed the wife over there and this intense grief they 're experiencing is somehow blending our universes together ? You think all of this is because of feelings ? Some chemicals in the body are like Cortexiphan which allows Olivia to see the Other Side when she 's afraid . We don 't know how her emotions allow that , but they do . Dr. Bishop , is there any merit to this ? There 's a chance . But quantum entanglement is a tricky business . I 'm not sure . MAN : Sir , we 've got a resident that 's refusing to vacate . Merchant , 6B . Please advise . - That 's her . - Pulling her out won 't help . Proximity is irrelevant . If Peter and Olivia are right , and this couple is responsible for what we 're seeing it doesn 't matter if they 're inches apart or miles . The sub-atomic connection is the same . She needs to break that connection and let go on her own . Well , what do you suggest ? We convince her that it 's not her husband she 's holding onto . And that will make this stop ? Possibly . But before we resort to Amber , we have to try . If I give the order , I want you two out immediately . No hesitation . Understood ? OLIVIA : Yes , sir . - Go . He 's already here . - Alice . ALICE : Go away . I don 't want you here . Alice , what I 'm about to tell you is gonna be hard to understand . But everything that is happening is happening because of you . Because of you and Derek . Now , you 're the only person that can stop it but to do that , you need to let him go . I won 't do that . I can understand how you feel . ( RUMBLING ) Okay . The man you 're seeing , he 's not a ghost and he is not your husband . He looks like Derek , exactly like Derek ... Then who is he ? This way . Come on . ( PEOPLE SHOUTING ) - How long do we have ? - There 's no way to know . Sir , the device is in place . I want all teams behind the line immediately . Yes , sir . ALICE : You 're wrong . I swear to you , the man that you 're seeing he 's from another place , he 's from another world . What are you talking about ? In his world , he lost his wife too . And she looked exactly like you . He 's making the same mistake that you are . He thinks that you 're his wife . I know this sounds insane , but all those people that fell they all died because you two couldn 't let go of each other . All of this is happening because of you . And you can stop it if you just let go of him . Alice . Love , it 's me . I can hear you . Derek , I hear you ! PETER : Olivia . I can see him too now . Sweetheart , I miss you . I miss you too . Was that ... ? That shimmering , was that what I think it was ? Seeing the Other Side ? Yes . We all are . Dunham . Bishop . I want you out of there now . Do you copy ? I repeat , do you ... ? DEREK : There 's so much more to tell you . Things I never got a chance to say . I don 't think the building can take much more . Well , she won 't let go . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) What 's happening ? Rapid shifts in barometric pressure , static electricity . Dr. Bishop . It 's the vortex . It 's starting . MAN : Is everyone clear of all the windows and doors ? How do I trigger the Amber , Dr. Bishop ? Turn it on . ( BEEPING ) Pull out the pin . Evacuate now . Do you hear me ? That 's a direct order . Alice , you have to listen to us . That man is not your husband . Who is that ? Who are those people with you ? Alice , please , look at me . You need to let him go . How can you ask me ? I can 't . I can 't . I just can 't . I know . I know . But you 've already had what most of us only dream of . A lifetime with the person that you love . Look around . Your house is filled with mementos . Photographs , ticket stubs , evidence of a life shared with somebody . Proof that what you and Derek had was true and real . When you have something real you 'll do anything to keep from losing it , but please you have to let him go . Alice , I miss you so much . And the girls miss you . We never had children . Of course we did . No . I 'm not your wife . Your wife is gone . And so is my Derek . PETER ( OVER RADIO ) : Good up here . Everything okay down there ? ( BEEPS ) I know that it 's a lot to take in . I 'm not sure I 'll ever really understand what happened . And I 'm not sure it would make any difference if I did . You know , today was something I never could have imagined . But if the impossible is possible who 's to say that someday I won 't see him again ? Maybe you will . NINA : Walter ? The custodian would like to vacuum . Just a few more minutes . Lovely view , isn 't it ? You saved the lives of a lot of people today . And you should feel very proud . No . Today wasn 't a victory . Today was a vision of things to come . Walter , you don 't know that to be true . Unfortunately , I do . If the vortex had opened , I would be able to seal it . And then there would be new cracks and we would seal those cracks . And those cracks in our universe would beget larger cracks . Over there , decades of research and funding and the best solution Walternate could come up with was this . And it won 't be enough . Once the universes start to unravel , there will be no stopping it . I don 't know how to stop it . Well , then I think you need to learn . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) - Hey . - Hey . I 'm sorry . I thought maybe you were Walter . Oh . Is he missing ? No , he stayed down in New York . - What 's up ? Is everything all right ? - Yeah . Um ... I might be being presumptuous , but , um I was thinking maybe ... Yeah . Of course . Come on in . I 'll get us some glasses . ( THE VELVET UNDERGROUND 'S " PALE BLUE EYES " PLAYS ) To disaster narrowly averted . Or at least postponed . Peter , what you said to Mrs. Merchant ... I want what you want . What do you think we should do about that ? Am I glowing ? No . ( MACHINE CLICKING ) - Anything ? - Mmm ... Nothing . All readings are within normal parameters . That 's weird , because Astrid reported a class four event at this location and she 's never wrong . Check the batteries ? Um , yeah . ( LAUGHS ) ( OLIVIA CLEARS THROAT ) Agent Dunham , Fringe Division . I 'm sorry to bother you so late . But I was wondering if you have noticed anything strange going on in the area ? Nothing . Okay . Uh , what about your family ? Maybe they ... ? No . I live alone here . My wife died a couple months ago . Oh , I 'm sorry . Well , if you notice something , call the hotline . - Yeah . OLIVIA : Okay . Thank you so much for your time . ( EARPIECE BEEPS ) Cancel the quarantine protocol . If there was a rift here , it 's closed now .
