 NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : LAWYER : The last will and testament of William Bell . " Nina . A memento of me . " I need Belly . I need his help . I can 't do this alone . I have to protect our world . Remember how good we were together . William is gone . You can 't bring him back . Wherever Belly is , he will find us . OLIVIA ( IN WILLIAM BELL 'S VOICE ) : The decoder key is in my office . - At the FBI ? OLIVIA : No . In Massive Dynamic . Hello , Peter . It 's nice to see you again . I understand your concerns , but I assure you Olivia is perfectly fine . She is simply resting . BROYLES : What do you mean , she 's resting ? Well , not exactly , of course . Just in the sense that her conscious mind her awareness , is at a state of rest . But I assure you , she is totally safe . This is all exactly as I planned it . You haven 't heard the best part . Ask him when he planned it . Several months ago . When I first met Olivia in my office on the Other Side . I gave her a cup of tea . The soul magnets were in that tea . So these soul magnets drew your consciousness into Olivia after you died . Well , after my physical body died . As you can see , I am quite alive . WALTER : Indeed . Look at this . Two distinct patterns of electrical activity . This one , active . That 's you , Belly . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) The other one inert . Like the brainwaves of a long , dreamless sleep . Uh , which suggests that Olivia was aware of none of this . I understand that this could take some time for you to get used to . Imagine how I feel . I never realized that a bra was so binding . ( LAUGHS ) Astrid , you can start taking the electrodes off her . Him . How much time ? You 're not suggesting this is permanent . OLIVIA : Oh , no , no . We simply need to find a more suitable home for me to move to . Now , Olivia 's brain can accommodate my consciousness for several weeks before anything would happen to her . Weeks ? Not a chance . And I am confident that Walter will find a more stable home long before that . Same question . How long ? Twenty-four hours . Forty-eight at the most . Has anyone ever told you , dear , that you have lovely hands ? Thank you . You 're not seriously considering sanctioning this , are you ? Well , what would you suggest , Peter ? If I leave Olivia 's brain now , without finding a suitable host I would die . Don 't you think that my life is worth an extended nap ? Besides , William can help us understand Walternate 's plan . Can 't you , William ? Walter . What he intends to use the machine for . - And how to keep Peter out of it . - Stop . I wanna know how we get Olivia back . Forty-eight hours to find a new and suitable host . Then I want you out of my agent . Or I 'll have Dr. Bishop figure out how to drive you out . Agreed ? You have my word , young man . Now , I need to retrieve my files from Massive Dynamic . There 's a box labeled " reentry . " - I 'll get it myself . - As fast as possible . You don 't have to tell me twice . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) That was fast . You said I didn 't have much time , Jim . You didn 't . You don 't . You were right . It 's gonna rain . There is hope in raindrops . Isn 't that what you said ? What does that even mean ? It means that every drop of rain holds the promise of regrowth . Each has a purpose , even if they don 't know it . I think we can feel that way . That we don 't have a purpose . But we do . Jim . Do you believe what you 're saying ? About purpose ? You said you know how I feel . You said you know pain . That you wanted to kill yourself too , you said that . Yes . So ? What 's your reason to stick around ? My reason ? Have you found your purpose ? Jim . It 's okay . You did your best . I don 't believe in hope anymore . All I know is we 're all gonna die . ( BREATHING ) Fringe s3e17 Stowaway PETER : Okay . Here are the reentry files . Need anything else ? A computer with access to social-service and medical databases would be useful . Now , the host needs to be biological . Able to cognate , but without its own governing consciousness . A human brain would be ideal , but , uh , not a prerequisite . What ? Hmm . Peter your father wouldn 't wanna hear me say this but , um , even if he does find out more about this machine that doesn 't necessarily mean he 'll be able to prevent the events depicted in that picture . I mean , that just could simply be your fate . Thankfully , I don 't believe in fate . Whatever Walternate 's plans are for me , I 'm not getting in that machine . ( LAUGHS ) Well , son , it isn 't always that simple . I 've lived a long time , Peter . So believe me when I tell you that sometimes when one walks away from his fate it leads one directly to fate 's doorstep . Hey , Broyles just sent something over that you need to see . PETER : Excellent . You go get it , I 'll show you . ( CRASHES ) Holy ... This video was taken last night , just after 10 : 00 in Roxbury . Nobody could have survived that impact . And yet she did . What are you thinking , Walter ? Maybe it 's not the woman at all . - Maybe it 's the location . - Walter . You think that this is spatial decay , don 't you ? Caused from a soft spot between the universes . We 're beginning to see signs of degradation on this side . Well , it was bound to happen . I 'm surprised that it 's taken this long . All right . We need a Geiger counter . No , no . " We " don 't need anything . - We can handle this . You need to s ... - What ? Go to my room ? Ha , ha . Sit on my hands ? The computer is searching all the local hospitals for a potential host based on the parameters that you retrieved from Massive Dynamic . Now , I am not someone who can make that occur any faster . What I am is the only person on this universe who has extensive experience in inter-dimensional decay . PETER : Fabulous . Fantastic . CARL : Agent Lee . You 're gonna wanna see this . - Where is she ? - Boston . OLIVIA : We have more advanced ways to detect molecular degeneration Over There . But a simple radiation test should be enough to see whether the fabric of the universe has begun to decay . And ? Well , everything 's within normal range . Nothing unusual here . If it 's not the place , then it 's the girl . Must be something about her that allowed her to survive the fall . Then we need to get to know more about her . - DNA . Excellent . - Ha-ha-ha . OLIVIA : I 'll take the samples from the passenger side . WALTER : Look at this . Me and Belly collecting human tissue and fluid specimens ... - ... just like when we were kids . - Ha-ha-ha . Glad you guys are enjoying yourselves . This is Peter and Dr. Walter Bishop , the civilian consultants I told you about . This is Special Agent Lincoln Lee . He has some information regarding this case . Hi . Uh ... PETER : Uh , this is ... - Agent Olivia Dunham . Fringe Division . What division ? So , what you got ? The , uh , woman who jumped and walked away ? Her name is Dana Gray . She was murdered 18 months ago . Two bullets in the head . ME said she died instantly . She was killed with her husband and her children in a home invasion robbery . Olivia : Oh ... - That 's grisly . - I can 't argue . This was a tough one . You ever find who did it ? Yes . We , uh , tried to bring him in , but he drew on us . Two agents ended up putting him down in a shootout . So case closed . That is until I get a call about Mrs. Gray 's body disappearing from the morgue . - I assumed it was stolen . - Reasonable assumption . I didn 't think anything of it until I saw this . Witnesses report seeing two people jump out of a dorm window . Cops get there , one body . Grad student who lived there . The cops find two sets of fingerprints on the ledge during their investigation . The second set , those fingerprints were identified as Dana Gray 's . Which is insane because she 's dead . Well , you know , stranger things have happened . Um ... - No , they haven 't . - Don 't listen to him . Her . Sorry . Go on . Not knowing what to make of it , I flagged Gray in the system . Over the next two months , we found prints at three other double suicides . Security photos show her there and eyewitnesses report seeing her die . First responders show up , there 's only one body . And it 's never hers . I know this sounds insane , but I don 't think this woman can die . Isn 't this our lucky day ? ( JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ) Hello ? ASTRID : Hello . What 's he doing here ? - I invited him . - Belly invited him . ASTRID : That 's Gene . ( MOOS ) Come down here . I 've got something . Um , what is this place , exactly ? Uh , this is the place where the mysteries of the universe get answered . Congratulations , whatever your security clearance was it just got seven levels deeper . WALTER : Something to show you . We found two sets of DNA in the specimens we took from the scene . Two different people . But in performing the tests we noticed something odd in the molecules of Ms. Gray 's body . They didn 't want to come apart . They were held together by an unusually strong electromagnetic bond . Um , I 'm confused . You 're saying that her body is being held together by magnetism ? OLIVIA : Well , we 're all held together by magnetism . Our molecules are like these hematite rocks . Magnetism is what keeps us from flying apart . It 's what keeps us solid . In Ms. Gray 's case , the attraction was almost unbreakable . It 's a miracle she left any blood behind at all . I think it suits you , dear . Um , but ... But how ? I mean , why did she get magnetically supercharged ? Belly , what if she took the energy from her victims ? - Victims ? - The people she 's jumping with . Hey , that makes sense . She absconds with their life force at the moment of death . Life force ? Uh , you mean like a soul ? Is that even a scientific concept ? You know , it 's best to try not to be reductive . I mean , after all , every living thing is simply bundled energy . I mean , perhaps Ms. Gray has found a way to capture some vital portion of another person 's essential energy and therefore , has extended her own life . Extending her own life . - Yes . - A soul vampire . As it were . It says that each one of the victims tried to commit suicide previously . Perhaps it 's simple compassion , Belly . Yes , that 's brilliant . She only wants to take the souls of those who are already prepared to surrender their own . A compassionate soul vampire . - Yes . - Yes . Oh , boy . Um , who are you guys ? - Why don 't I explain that to you as we go ? - Are we going somewhere ? If you were looking for victims who had previously tried to commit suicide , where would you go ? Uh , suicide hotlines , therapy groups . PETER : Exactly . Walter , give me a call if you can figure out any more about why Dana Gray can 't die . ( PHONE RINGING ) Help line . This is Joan . Hello ? BRIAN : I think I 'm gonna hurt myself . Okay , sweetie . What 's your name ? I 'm Brian . Hi , Brian . I guess you 're in a bad place right now , huh ? ( BRIAN SOBBING ) I 'm tired . I know , sweetie . Life can be tiring . I know . Listen , Brian I really wanna help you , but you have to let me do that , okay ? And this is too important to do over the phone . You 're just trying to trick me . You 're gonna send the police to stop me . No . Listen to me , Brian . I would never do that . I promise , okay ? Now , sweetheart , just tell me where you are . That 's her . Yeah , that 's Joan . - Is she working today ? - No , she hasn 't been in for a few days . Is she in some kind of trouble ? Was she close with anybody in the office ? Well , she was friendly , but I wouldn 't say she was close to anyone . She did her job and went home . Here 's your desk . I hope nothing 's happened to her . She 's one of our best counselors . How so ? Well , if there was a particularly challenging call a person who was at risk , we 'd forward it to her . She was amazing . In three months , she 's saved at least 37 lives . She had an uncanny way of connecting with people feeling hopelessness . I mean , anybody who gets struck by lightning twice and survived has to have a perspective on hope , right ? Do you have her address ? Yeah . Let me go get it . If Dana Gray is stealing people 's souls as they die ... Then why is she so committed to saving their lives ? Brian ? Hello , Brian . You 're not scared . I know when people are scared and you 're not . Why ? Why are you doing this ? You think you convinced me to allow you to come here . But it was me who wanted you to come . Okay . I don 't wanna hurt people . But I always do . Who do you hurt ? I have no hope . Like those raindrops that you mentioned on the phone . You said they have a purpose . Well , I don 't like my purpose . Do you think the raindrops will help those people on the train ? What people on the train ? I don 't wanna hurt them . But I will . And that 's why you 're here . You have to save them . There 's a duffel bag with my bomb . And that 's why you 're here . East Bay Railway train 67 . Car two . Seat 17 . Like Azrael let his angels carry my damned soul to heaven . ( LINE RINGING ) OPERATOR ( ON PHONE ) : 911 , what is your emergency ? Hello ? Hello ? What 's your emergency ? Hello ? No . Nothing . None of them fit the parameters . Here either . We 're looking for such specific conditions to accommodate your transfer , William . A brain-dead patient like this could be one in a million . ( MOOS ) ( GOO GOO DOLLS' " GIVE A LITTLE BIT " PLAYS ) Huh . William . No . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) LINCOLN : There 's not much in here . No friends , no acquaintances . No one that can tell us where to find her . - You ? - Mm-mm . Just a bunch of books and a receipt from a flower shop for a dozen roses , but she paid in cash . Hmm . One of these things is not like the others . What 's that ? You never watched Sesame Street ? The Afterlife of the Soul . - These other books are clinical ... - But this one 's religious . Exactly . The highlighted passages are about what happens after we die . What 's she doing ? Trying to convince people to jump by telling them how great heaven would be ? ( BOTH LAUGHING ) What if we 're thinking about this backwards ? What if that book 's not for other people , it 's for her ? Maybe she 's the one that wants to die . Even if we were able to transfer your consciousness safely inside Gene there are other matters to consider . We would communicate through my brainwaves . You would hook me up to an EEG machine and decipher my thoughts . Hmm , that may work . Still I 'd have to milk you . We could assign Astrid . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Walter ? Walter . Not now , son , we 're on to something . Uh , look , if Dana Gray was hit by lightning twice think that would explain why she 's so overly electromagnetic ? I suppose that 's possible . The ions due to the multiple lightning strikes could cause her molecules to be supercharged . And possibly intensify the electromagnetism . Why do you ask ? We don 't think that she 's trying to live forever . We think she 's trying to die . Dana Gray 's description just went out over the police bulletin in Dorchester . Somebody spotted her . This is the woman you saw leaving the apartment ? Like I already told the police I was making dinner when I heard the gunshot . I came out and I saw that woman leaving . Did she kill him ? This is an ongoing investigation . I can 't comment . Oh , I see , you 're the only one who gets to ask questions . Thank you for your cooperation . ME says the angle of wound and powder burns are consistent with suicide , but the gun only discharged once . Takes one to blow your brains out . But up until now , her MO has been to try and kill herself either with or directly after the suicide victim . Why ? If she can 't die and her soul , energy , whatever you wanna call it is bound to her body maybe she 's trying to go with theirs . Like a hitch-hiker . - Ha , ha . Like a stowaway to heaven ? - Yeah . Yeah , but she was here . Why didn 't she pick up the gun and shoot herself try to catch a ride ? What changed ? NUN : I think this is the story you were looking for . I 'm surprised you 've heard of it . I 'm taking a night class and we 're doing an essay on the journey of the soul to the afterlife . Then you 'll find this very interesting . The Ascension of Azrael . It 's about a sinner named Azrael whose soul was condemned to purgatory . After years of watching him suffer , the angels asked God to let Azrael free , but God ignored them . So the angels went down into purgatory and lifted Azrael up to heaven . When God asked why they did this the angels said Azrael had suffered enough . And the combined innocence of the angels ' souls outweighed Azrael 's sins . Finally , God agreed . And Azrael 's soul was welcomed into heaven . Good luck with your assignment . Hello , freak show . It 's some kind of shrine . More like a trophy room . So , clearly , this guy was nuts . I believe the clinical term is sociopath , but yeah , heh , he was . So why was Dana Gray here ? Agent Broyles . I found this invoice in the bathroom . Twenty pounds of plastic explosives ? This guy was making a bomb . So where is it ? ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) MAN : Okay , I 'll pick them up on the way . Yeah . I said , okay . All right . See you soon . My sister . She had another baby . Her and her husband , they 're like rabbits . I 'm heading to Providence to see them . What about you ? Where are you headed ? I 'm on my way to see family too . BROYLES : Alert BPD and put the bomb squad on standby . Tell me when it 's done . Broyles . Timers . And the wires are stripped . He was getting ready to attach to a power source . - He 's rigged the bomb with a detonator . PETER : Yeah . We went over every inch of this place . It 's not here . Check his credit cards , ATM withdrawals , metro cards . I want a list of possible targets , any place this guy 'd wanna blow up . Yes , sir . What if you 're tracking the wrong person ? Dana Gray was here . And you think she took the bomb ? And why would she do that ? No . She didn 't take it . I think I know what 's going on here . It sounds insane , but here 's my theory . She can 't die , but she wants to . And she 's been trying anything and everything she can to move on , right ? She 's been trying to stowaway on the souls of the recently dead . Which is why she 's been using suicide victims . How is that related to the explosives about to be detonated in the city ? Because her plan isn 't working . She 's looking for another way . You see , Dana was here when this guy committed suicide . I think that he told her where the bomb is . The only reason she didn 't pick up the gun and follow suit is because she 's gonna try something new . You think she 's trying to increase her chances of making it to the afterlife by killing herself with a group ? It would explain why she 's not here . This woman lost her entire family . She 's desperate . Even if you 're right , that still leaves the problem : How do we find the bomb ? Hey . Is this the suicide 's phone ? Placed a phone call before he shot himself . Boston area code . How much you wanna bet that 's Dana Gray 's phone number ? ( PHONE RINGING ) ( VOICEMAIL RECORDING ) You 've reached the crisis helpline , this is Joan . If this is an emergency , hang up ... She 's not answering . I can 't run a trace unless the line 's open . She has to pick up . Can you change the outgoing caller ID on this phone ? - Yeah , sure . - What are you thinking ? She may not answer this number , but I know whose she will . ( PHONE RINGING ) - Hello ? - Dana , please don 't hang up . - Who is this ? - My name is Peter Bishop . The number that you 're calling from , how did you get it ? I work with the FBI , Dana . Then I 'm sorry , but we have nothing to talk about . Dana , please . I know what happened to you . I know about your family . I know how they died . I know you 're only doing this because you wanna be reunited with them . Just because you 've read some files about me doesn 't mean you know the hell that I 've been stuck in . - Or what I have to do to make it stop . - But I can help you . The people I work with are scientists , they are the best . And if you come in , I promise you , they can help you . Can you promise me you 'll reunite me with my family ? Can you promise me that killing a bunch of people will ? It 's the best chance I 've got . I 'm sorry . I have no choice . Dana , that 's not true . You have a choice . We all have a choice . Not me . I should 've died that night with my family . But for some reason some impossible cosmic joke I 'm stuck here . I didn 't ask for this . As strange as this sounds , I know exactly what you 're going through . But believe me , Dana , this is not the solution . I guess we 'll find out soon enough . Did you get it ? ( LINCOLN GROANS ) DANA ( ON RECORDING ) : I should 've died that night with my family . CONDUCTOR : Next stop ... - There . That . In the background . Can you isolate that ? CONDUCTOR : Next stop , Norwood Station . ASTRID : Here it is . I 've got it open . There are three different trains that stop in Norwood at this time of night . Are you sure ? Yeah , uh , the 6 : 15 , the 6 : 25 and the 6 : 45 . She could be on any one of them . Ask him when they spoke to her . - What time ? - Hey , when did you speak to her ? - What time ? - Uh , I don 't know . It was 10 minutes ago ? Ten minutes ago . Oh , good , I love word problems . Three trains , all passing through Norwood . Each traveling at its own constant velocity . Not accounting for station stops . What are they saying ? No idea , they 're doing that thing where they don 't finish sentences . Now we merely need to insert the parameters based on the train schedule . That is too early . - She 's on the 6 : 25 . - She 's on the 6 : 25 . She 's on the 6 : 25 . Excuse me . Can you keep an eye on my stuff here ? I have to use the bathroom . ( POLICE SIRENS BLARING ) FBI . We need to clear the train . There may be an explosive on board . We think it 's due to go off in eight minutes . This is the suspect . There are over 300 people on this train . That girl 's in the next car . She was right there . Bring the dogs in now . I need everyone to stay calm and in a single-file line move toward the nearest exit . Leave your belongings . You can get them later . ( CRYING ) I don 't understand . She 's gone . ( EXPLOSION ) ( SCREAMING ) AGENT : Hey . I 've got something . It 's down here . She 's dead . LINCOLN : So , what changed ? After all that time trying , why is she able to die now ? Welcome to the Fringe Division . Every answer you get just leads you to more questions . That may be . But it 's a lot more exciting than Hartford . Feel free to give me a call if you ever find yourself needing some help . Be careful what you wish for . Hello , Peter . Walter thought that it would be a good idea for me to stay here tonight . I just made a pot of tea . Would you like a cup ? Yeah , why not ? So I 've been thinking about Dana Gray . You 're not the only one . Well , I have two thoughts . My first thought is that the energy emitted from that bomb somehow reset the electromagnetic charge in her body . That it was that unique charge that enabled her to die . Permanently . Okay . That makes sense . What was your second thought ? That my first thought is wrong . And ? What if , Peter this isn 't about biology or physics . What if what we witnessed was the very reason Dana Gray couldn 't die ? - Why ? - Because she needed to be here to save those peoples ' lives . You think it was her destiny ? Well , destiny , fate . Jung called it synchronicity . The interconnectedness of apparently unrelated events . I mean , don 't you think that it 's curious we meet a woman who was unable to die at the exact moment my consciousness seemingly returns from the grave ? As a scientist , I like to believe that nothing just happens . That every event has some meaning . Some sort of message . You just have to be able to listen closely enough to hear it . ( CHURCH BELL TOLLING ) See ? It 's a church bell . So tell me , what 's the meaning ? ( OLIVIA SHUDDERS ) You okay , Bell ? ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) Peter ? Olivia , is that you ? - ( IN WILLIAM BELL 'S VOICE ) Oh , no . - What the hell just happened there ? I think that I may have been wrong . This may be a little more complicated than I first thought .
