 Tell me about the First People . Start with why those books seem to indicate that you wrote them . Then move on to what the device is intended for . NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : PETER : Whatever 's happening between the two universes whatever our fate is , I 'm at the center of it . When I touched that device , it came alive in my hands . How can you expect me to ignore that ? I asked you not to work on that device in my lab . You 're playing with fire . They 're working on it on the Other Side . We need to understand exactly what it does . You are the mother of my grandchild . Did you get the sample ? ( BABY CRYING ) BRANDON : So where do we stand ? We 've doubled the thickness of the lead shielding . Let me know as soon as the Faraday cage is completed . I 'm told they 're almost done . - Think this is all necessary ? - We 're underneath a lightning rod . It 's unclear what kind of electrostatic discharge the device may give off . WALTER : Good morning . BRANDON : If you 'll all excuse us , please . Based on Olivia Dunham 's DNA profile we were able to identify 23 chromosomes your grandson inherited from his mother and strip them out . Of course , that leaves us with only half of Peter 's full genetic profile . But hopefully that 's enough to activate the machine . - How long before we 're ready ? - Should be within the hour . Sir , history may never fully know what we 've done here . How we saved our universe . I 'm proud to be a part of it . Oppenheimer saved us too . But at what cost ? He couldn 't bear the nightmares the screams of all the innocents he had killed . " Now I am become Death , the destroyer of worlds . " Only , in our case , that really is true . We destroy their world to save ours . May God have mercy on us . ( BAAING ) Hey , Joe , come in . JOE : You know what time it is , don 't you , Rich ? - Listen , you gotta get up here . - Six AM . That means I 'm having my breakfast right now . This is serious . You gotta get up here . Something 's spooking the sheep . - They 're going crazy . - All right . I 'm on my way . ( COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO ) I just hit a swarm of locusts . It 's like the blessed Apocalypse . RICHIE : Yeah , well , the sheep are acting like it is . I tried to round them up , get them back to the barn , but they won 't budge . ( WIND HOWLING ) Give me your walkie . Everybody listen up . This is Joe . I need all hands in the north field . What is that ? ( THUNDERING NOISE ) Fringe s3e20 6 : 02 AM EST DONNIE : Damn it . Some days you got it , Donnie , some days you don 't . DONNIE : I 'm gonna get a cup of coffee . ( TAPPING NOISE ) ( TAPPING NOISE ) Good morning , Olivia . I didn 't know you were spending the night . What a lovely surprise . Oh , no . The surprise is all mine . I am gonna pop another mushroom frittata into the oven . I got some morels from the market with the biggest caps you 've seen . Sure . Okay . - Olivia . - Mm-hm , mm-hm . You should get some slippers for when you stay over here . This house can get very chilly . Right . Okay . WALTER ( SINGING ) : And some magic Mushrooms , and they cook it in the stew ( OLIVIA CLEARS THROAT ) What time is it ? - It 's 6 : 30 in the morning . - Oh , God . And your father is walking around the house naked . Oh , yeah . It 's Tuesday . Heh , heh , heh . He always cooks naked on Tuesdays . - Is that safe ? - Uh-uh . It 's not pretty either , but you get used to it . I could get used to this . This is my favorite time of day . Sunrise . When the world is full of promise . ( CELL PHONE VIBRATING ) ( CELL PHONE RINGING ) Well , that 's not . Oh , my . BROYLES : A ranch foreman and a farmhand are confirmed missing . Along with an entire herd of sheep . Over 500 head , gone . - How is that possible ? - You tell me . No hurricanes or tornadoes in the area . Barometers remained steady . - Army base 20 miles from here . - I thought that too but we ruled out weapons testing . Whatever happened , we didn 't cause it . I wouldn 't bet the farm on that . OLIVIA : When did this happen ? Do we have a time on the incident ? Six-oh-five AM , give or take a few minutes depending on the report . That man owns the neighboring property . He was outside . - I 'd like you to question him . - Sure . WALTER : Peter ! A hand . Come quickly . MAN : Take a look at this . Granite . Contains quartz crystals . My electrometer . Quartz crystals develop an electrical potential ... - ... when they 're under physical pressure . - Extreme physical pressure caused by a major gravitational event . ( DEVICE CRACKLING ) Highly charged . Of course . And I suppose you have a theory ? I believe that a vortex appeared above this field consuming everything in its path . My worst fears realized . Our world is breaking down around us . - Let 's not jump to conclusions . - I 'm not . Even if that is true , Walter , why now ? What would trigger a vortex ? That 's a good question . I want all unnecessary personnel sent home . - I 've issued the bulletin . - How many on duty ? - Four . It was a skeletal crew . - We 're sure it wasn 't tampered with ? It wasn 't . We reviewed the footage . With all due respect , there 's no way . Get me Agent Broyles . ( VIBRATING ) - Yes , hello , Nina . - Phillip , the machine came on . - Can you hear me ? - I can hear you . Go on . The machine came on by itself . Without Peter . - When ? - Six-oh-two AM . There was no warning . Is that noise the machine ? ( WHIRRING NOISE ) Tell Walter it 's on . He needs to know . The machine is activated ? Apparently , it powered up by itself . It appears our assumptions were wrong . WALTER : What time did this happen ? - Just after 6 this morning . - Of course . It 's the reason . The machine activated just after 6 , just minutes before the vortex opened . So you think it caused this ? Yes . And if it 's the end of the world this is just the beginning . OLIVIA : Anything ? - This is worthless . - Peter . - We 've been operating under the assumption that I was the power source , but that was wrong . You 're the only one that the machine 's responded to . Yet it turned itself on while I was 200 miles away . How do we explain that ? WALTER : I think I understand . The machine 's magnetic field is warped in a pattern I 've only seen one other time . The typewriter that the other Olivia used to communicate with the Other Side . - What are you suggesting ? - Quantum entanglement ? WALTER : Afraid so . - Walternate turned the machine on ... - ... over there ? - Which triggered a sympathetic response from the one here . It makes sense . But how ? How could he do that without Peter ? There 's not much we do know for sure . ASTRID : I just got off the phone with Broyles . Three more reported incidents . Massive colonies of bats were spotted above the New Jersey Turnpike . Mini quakes in Florida . And in Newton , 30 acres of woodland completely decimated . All organic life just dead and desiccated in a matter of hours . The blight ? At this point I believe that the events will begin to increase exponentially . And there 's no way to stop it . He 's won . Walternate 's won . OLIVIA : It 's chilly . MARY : Well , Dr. Marna said two weeks and he 's three weeks old yesterday . You worry too much . Besides , the fresh air 's gonna do him some good . Look at him just kind of sizing up the world . He 's alert , that one . You know , it is kind of windy , so will you humor me ? Here . Nice and warm . ( BEEPER BEEPING ) Let me . See , it 's supposed to be my day off . - Not the first time we 've heard that . - No . We 'll be okay if you have to go . ( CHUCKLES ) You are such a nugget . ( KISSING NOISE ) Love you . I 'll call you when I have some idea of what time I 'm gonna be home . Okay . Don 't worry . I 'll keep him safe . You just keep the rest of us safe . OLIVIA : Okay . ( SIREN WAILING ) Lookers have detected a spatial discontinuity . Okay , how bad ? Power density spikes reaching over 3000 milliwatts per square meter . And that 's 200 meters away from the focal point . This is a Class 9 event ? No , it 's a 10 . Power spikes are coming from Liberty Island . The DOD complex . Charlie and the evacuation teams are en route . OLIVIA : Okay . Air quality normal , no need for oxygen . - Let 's go . - This is Agent Lee . We 're still seeing dangerously high levels . Understood , Mr. Secretary . False alarm ! Let 's pack it back up ! MAN : Yeah . Stand down . Let 's go , come on . - What 's going on ? - We 've been ordered to stand down . OLIVIA : But what about the energy surges ? - They 're still happening . Did they give you any reasons as to why ? Explanations are above my pay grade . I think I know who to ask . WALTER : Damn it . No measurable improvement . Environmental degradation levels haven 't changed since the device was activated . Reversing this many years of damage will take longer than a few hours . ( COMPUTER BLEEPING ) Mr. Secretary , Olivia Dunham is here to see you . Send her in . Let me know if anything changes . BRANDON : Olivia . Olivia . I hoped you 'd brought Henry . He 's with the nanny . I 'm on duty at the moment , sir . So this is a professional visit . Fringe Division identified a Class 10 energy surge emanating from this complex , which would normally justify evacuating a 10-mile radius around the epicenter . There 's no danger to the general public . We 've taken proper precautions . Of course . I wasn 't suggesting otherwise . When I was returning from over there , you had me steal a piece of tech . Tech that you said was part of a weapon that could destroy the Other Side . What exactly are you asking , Olivia ? Have you activated that weapon ? Is that what 's causing the surge ? WALTER : That 's classified . - What 's going to happen over there ? My concern is for the people of our world . But your son is over there . I 'm aware . Peter chose to leave . He chose his allegiance . I chose to give up my son so that you could keep yours . Now , if there 's nothing further ... ASTRID : So , what do we do ? PETER : What if we broke it back down into its component parts ? With the energy this machine is generating , I don 't know what would happen . It could tear us apart with the energy from the Other Side alone . Is that more dangerous than vortexes putting holes in our universe ? - Our world is tearing apart at the seams . WALTER : Still . I 'm afraid anything we might do could have devastating consequences . OLIVIA : I just spoke to Nina . I was right . They picked up an electromagnetic spike at 5 : 47 this morning in upstate New York . Fifteen minutes before the vortex opened . Is that how they predict anomalies on the Other Side ? They also look for odd thermal patterns and radiation spikes . I 've got Nina tracking all three . An early warning system . At least we 'll be able to warn people . WALTER : And maybe save some lives . Okay , I 'm gonna go to Massive Dynamic and help Nina with the protocol . Olivia . I 'll call you when I get to New York . Can you let me know if Walter comes up with anything ? There 's gotta be a way to stop the machine . Perhaps if we encased the entire machine in lead . Contain the energy it 's emitting . Walter . We both know there 's another way . PETER : It makes sense , Walter . We all thought that I could turn the machine on . Maybe I can turn it off . Maybe that 's what the drawing means . We don 't know what the drawing means . If your theory is accurate , we 're running out of time . And the way that machine responded to me after I touched it it 's like it 's been calling out to me . Every piece of data we have about the machine points to one conclusion : Somehow that machine was made for me . Peter , you could die . And if we do nothing , we 're all gonna die . Give him the keys and save the girl . What ? This is what he was doing , he was preparing me . - Who ? - The Observer . He was preparing me because he knew I would have to let you go . That I would ... That I would have to sacrifice you to fix the problems I 'd created . I think this is what I 'm supposed to do . But I can 't do it without your help . MAN ( ON RADIO ) : Police and Fire departments have been responding to weather phenomena up and down the Eastern seaboard for the last 24 hours . ... the Weather Service has released a storm advisory for the entire East Coast . NINA : What do you mean ? He has to be somewhere . He didn 't just disappear . Yeah . There is always a trail . Keep looking . ( INTERCOM BEEPS ) - Yes ? WOMAN : Agent Dunham has arrived . Oh , good . Send her in . - Nina . - We 're moving forward as you requested . I 've assembled a team . I briefed them on the protocol . Good . Where are we in terms of coverage ? I 've tasked all our satellites to focus on the northeast states . OLIVIA : This is where the thermal detection is running ? Yes , but it 's far from complete . It does give us lead time if a vortex starts forming in a densely populated area . What about the electromagnetic disturbances ? We 've recalibrated our cell-tower network ... - ... to warn us if any are detected . - And amber ? There we 've hit a wall . We have enough amber to contain eight , maybe 10 events . But beyond that , our chemists are having difficulty finding some of the rare elements . Without the amber , early detection is irrelevant . Yes , well ... It was not supposed to be this way . What do you mean , it wasn 't supposed to be this way ? I was told on good authority if you and Peter were together , it would all work out . What are you talking about ? On whose authority ? There 's a man that William knew . I 'm not sure where they met , but he had great confidence in him . He trusted him implicitly . He advised me to do the same . After William went missing , when circumstances warranted I would consult with him . This man knows a great deal about the machine . You didn 't think it was worth mentioning till now ? He said if I divulged what he told me , I would never see or hear from him again . I didn 't wanna risk losing that connection . Nina , our universe is breaking down . If this man has any information about the machine then I need to know who he is and what he told you . You 've already met him . Sam Weiss . William told me he possessed knowledge beyond anything I could fathom but even I never suspected anything of this magnitude . So how did you find out ? The authors . Anagrams . I figured it out weeks ago . The Hebrew and Russian ones are scramblings of his name . We 've been through these books hundreds of times . What else does he know ? You and I both know Sam will reveal only what he wants to . Not this time . If you track him down . We don 't have an address for him . He 's disconnected his phone . Shut down the bowling alley . Nobody has seen him since . If there 's a chance he can turn this machine off I have to speak to him . I 'll find him . - I need the keys , Jeanie . Come on ! - Catch me . Ha , ha . - Jeanie . - Nope . - Jeanie . - No . Give it to me . I didn 't mean it . Yeah ? Then what did you mean ? I meant that you mean a lot to me . You 're kind of amazing . - Jack ? - What ? What is that ? I have no idea . OLIVIA ( SINGING ) : I can see the moon Blue moon sees me Shining through the old oak tree Please let the light shine down on me Shine down on the one that I love That 's you . Remember this ? Yeah . That was my first commendation . Yeah , for dragging my ass out of a Class 4 vortex . Well , you actually owed me 50 bucks , so I was going for your wallet . Seems like a million years ago . You can 't do this alone , Liv . Let me come with you . As much as I would love to have you watching my butt , I need you here . If I 'm not back tomorrow , you 're gonna take Henry to my mother 's . - You 're coming back . - If I don 't , I need to know that he 's safe . You 're the only one that I trust . And you really think Peter Bishop can stop this ? That he can heal both worlds ? I don 't know . But if anyone can change the secretary 's mind and get him to turn that machine off , then it 's his son , right ? I 'll see you when you get back . Okay . MAN ( ON RADIO ) : It 's a beautiful night at Ebbets Field . Bottom of the fifth , Dodgers are leading the Expos 2-0 and Charles yet to give up a hit . ( RADIO TURNS OFF ) Agent Dunham . This is a restricted area . Ten months ago , the secretary brought Peter Bishop back from the Other Side . How ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Maybe if you put the gun down ... Lie to me again and I 'll shoot you in the knee . I read the mission logs . I know the secretary developed technology to cross between universes and bring back Peter Bishop . Show me where it is . Now . BRANDON : The watch commander patrols this area every five minutes . It 's every 12 , actually . Nice try . - This is never going to work . - I did not ask for your opinion . The technology never made it out of the test phase because it breaks down the molecular cohesion of the person . The secretary took a huge risk using it once . In some test subjects , even that proved lethal . I appreciate your concern . Now open the door . ( BEEP ) This stuff is not organized . You got five seconds . Four . Here it is . BRANDON : One will get you there and back . If you make it to the Other Side , just stay there . - Because when the secretary finds out ... - I 'll take my chances . Stop ! ( GUNSHOTS ) SOLDIER : Put your hands up ! Go ! ( GUNSHOTS ) ( ALARM SOUNDS ) SOLDIER : Suspect 's going through this tunnel . Hold your position ! Show us your hands or we will fire on you . OLIVIA : Son of a bitch . What do you want ? FBI . Seamus Wiles , now that you mention it , never struck me as an Irish . - Sam Weiss , makes sense . - He went by a few different names but only one of them rented an apartment in Boston . You 're not gonna tell me what he did ? I need to ask him a few questions . So long as there 's no dead bodies in there . Did he move out ? If he did , he didn 't tell me . Last guy who bailed on the apartment ended up being a hoarder . Took me three weeks to clear out the trash . MAN : Here you go , sir . BROYLES : Do you really think this could work ? That Peter can turn off the machine ? The machine 's emitting an energy signature like an electric current . Peter thinks , because of his relationship with the machine , that the current will run through him creating a kind of a closed circuit . And if he can complete the circuit , then he can also break it or turn it off . What do you think ? - Excuse me ? - Peter 's your son . As a father , do you think this is a good idea ? It 's because of my selfishness my inability to let my son go 26 years ago that this is happening . My opinion as a father doesn 't matter . Walter , it matters to me . I honestly don 't know what 's gonna happen , Phillip . The current of energy is so powerful . It 's unlike anything I 've ever seen . And the thought of what that could do to my son ... I don 't want him to suffer . MAN : You 're all set , Mr. Bishop . Are you sure you don 't want me to call Olivia ? If it doesn 't work , she 's gonna find out soon enough . Just tell her that ... Whatever it is , you 'll tell her yourself . Can I get you anything , son ? A sedative ? Something to calm you ? - I 'm calm . - You 're sure ? I 'm okay , Walter . The techs said they 're ready when you are , Peter . Good luck . If this works and I save both universes I want you to consider me officially retired . I 'll think about it . We 'll be here waiting for you . Wait . Give me your hands . What is that ? Electroconductive gel . If there is an energy current , it will pass through the handholds and this gel will keep it from burning your skin . Walter . I 'm okay . I was never good at letting you go . This time you have to . Son ... I know . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES AND PETER GRUNTS ) Peter ! MEDIC : Male , 32 years of age , closed head trauma possible concussion , non-responsive . - He suffered a surge of electricity . DOCTOR : Vitals . BP , 80 over 50 . Pulse , 45 . Regular . - Gail , what 's open ? GAIL : Trauma Bay 2 . His blood type is A positive . Let 's take him to 2 . We 'll do an MRI . - Do an echo cardiogram as well . - You have to wait here . No , no , no . You listen ... You listen to me . This is my son . I understand , sir . We 'll take good care of him . Excuse me , miss . This area is for staff and immediate family . I 'm looking for Peter Bishop . Brought in an hour ago . - He 's a white , 32 ... ASTRID : Olivia . She 's with us . - How 's Peter ? - He 's still unconscious but his vitals are stable . They just ... They can 't wake him up . He 's with the doctors now . Oh , God . They did an MRI . They said that there is no apparent brain trauma . They 're just hoping that he 's gonna come out of it soon . What happened ? Peter tried to go into the machine . It wouldn 't let him . It 's like it 's protecting itself or something . Is Walter here ? Yeah . He 's taking it pretty hard . I don 't know my way around here . Other people , I suppose find comfort being in chapels speaking to you . I have no other place to turn . I asked you for a sign and you sent it to me . White tulip . And I was so grateful . Since then in moments of deep despair I have found solace in believing that you had forgiven me . I was willing to let him go . I was willing to let Peter die . I 've changed . That should matter . God I know my crimes are unforgivable . Punish me . Do what you want to me . But I beg you spare our world . SAM : Hello , Olivia . - Sam . I 've been looking for you everywhere . The machine is on . I know . And I need you to take me to it . Sam , what is going on ? Olivia , you have to trust me now . Please . We don 't have a lot of time . I know this is hard for you . Oh , you don 't know anything about me . Don 't I ? This morning , you asked how I could be willing to let my son die to heal our world . But you understand sacrifice better than anyone , Olivia . You were willing to leave your son behind for what you perceived to be the greater good . We 're more alike than you think . I don 't understand how killing billions of people can possibly be in the interest of the greater good . That 's because you still have the luxury of your ideals . I have to be pragmatic . You 've put me in a difficult position . Anyone else would be rotting away for treason but you are the mother of my grandson . You 'll stay here for your own good until this is over .
