 In the middle of life . I seem to have made a dream . I was awakened by some heavy explosions in the dream . Opened his eyes and found smoke filled . Under the piece of anxious land so that I feel already in a dark place . Looking around . I have come to the edge of this hell valley . This is a place to be destroyed . It had a spring gurgle . Grass onion . But now it is not grass . A silence . Where I met a guide . He was carrying a broken mirror and walking in the dust . The mountain from which he came from does not lead to the other side . He will not write poetry . But from his heart issued by the spirit is not inferior to the Divine Comedy . I went up and down with me . See this Warcraft toy implementation of the invisible will . Step by step I saw a lot of creatures . Endure the torment of labor . The greatest sorrow in life . Is living in the desire and no hope . The most sad thing is . In the pain of memories of the past joy . Under the moonlight that golden Bi 's light . There has never been a moment of peace for the tired man . These people after a night dress . Absolutely they are heavy makeup or light . Not their mood but the speed of the wind once . We sing in the sweet air of the sun and joy . At the moment . I was sad on the broken land . The guide guides me to this strange place . It is said that the miners made a dream . Mountain god blame him to blow up the mountain . He will repair this statue . To comfort the inner panic . So wealth gathered . Sentient beings scattered . Everything is determined by the will of Warcraft . And it is hidden . As the temptation of this desire . I stared at him by grilling . Sweat soaked face . That anxious face did not affect me . See his original face . After the red flames I returned to this dark valley again . Those who break down coal and stones are still powder . He leads me . Go to his mountain . Here as if a purgatory . Shen 疴 everywhere . Sentient beings . In the tomb of the tomb . Maybe I know or have not seen people . Is suffering or freed . These passive groups . There are also sad souls I hope he did not have their place . and the broken home . All the sacrifices are made into this steel . To build the heaven of that desire . Could I still dream ? Could I have been in paradise ? This new place . Is the end of all my dreams of chaos . As if after the sea of the waves after the waves . A mirage . Everything in heaven is clean . Working in paradise is easy . Even some boring . In heaven you can not see the inhabitants . Because it is called ghost town . But this is not a dream this is us . We are that of Warcraft . That of Warcraft 's minions
