 Ladies and gentlemen , good evening . This is the Central Channel News . As the war in Cambodia rages on , here in Athens , the riots and unrest continue , after the new economy measures placed by the Government . The turmoil began earlier this morning when a group of citizens , some of whom were reportedly armed , seized a public service building , demanding the removal of the austerity measures . You have Zero Eurodollars in your Citizen Card . Some of these frustrated citizens spoke to our Central Channel 's reporters ... What this is ... is a disgrace . A disgrace ! Back in 2016 I fought in the Eurasian War , you see this ? In 2018 in the Civil War i lost my hand , and for what ? To see my children starve ? Everything is overpriced ! Please Recharge your Citizen Card .. Please Recharge your Citizen Card and try again . God damnit ! You want something , man ? I mean what 's next ? We 're going to pay even for the air we 're breathing ? We demand a straight answer from the Prime Minister and everyone who voted for her . How can a man live without - Right.A few hours later , after a raid by the Special Protection Agency , the incident ended with the arrest of the citizens and restoration of order . But let 's see what the Prime Minister had to say about all this . Cassandra ? Indeed Hector , a few minutes ago we had the official statement of the Prime Minister , Mrs. Andrianou , who openly condemned this terrorist , some would say , act . Let 's see what she had to say . The Citizens must understand that the State is not their enemy . The rules and the program set by the Euro-Atlantic Federation , will be respected and followed to the letter . Every decision we make is for the common good . Acts like the one we saw today , motivated by terrorist and anti-government feelings , will be suppressed immediately . This crisis is temporary and we all need to make sacrifices to ensure our survival . But I will not , I repeat , will not allow control to be lost . I hope everyone keeps this in mind , so that people don 't cross the line . Long Live Democracy . The number of water theft incidents around the country has risen , including today 's Shopping Centre theft in the Athens Market Zone . The perpetrator was this time Dimitris Apostolou , unemployed ... The question is , how far will this situation go and how high the price of water will get , Excuse me . when we live in such difficult times . An act such as this , in the words of the Prime Minister , is considered a Felony and shall be severely punished . So tonight , don 't miss out at 22 : 30 , live on all subscriber channels , the execution of this week 's 20 criminals . Viewer discretion is advised . .. plans for Fluoridation of water in Occupied Countries .. .. efforts for World Peace ... .. they killed that man , what could i do ? .. delivered nuclear weapons to the Somalian Pirates ... .. are we serious ? How can this be done over a bottle of water ? ... Please mr.Georgiadis remain calm ... .. we know what Georgiadis has done , we dont believe it ! .. you are lying mr Ktistakis ! Who voted for these people ? Who voted for them ? Who -
