 This is pointless . This is very good , Professor , thank you . That wasn 't so hard , was it ? So does this look wrong to you ? Yeah . Because it is wrong . Because it 's missing ' Bleem ' . You think I just made this up , don 't you ? Just pulled this number out of thin air , yah ? So you have discovered ' bleem ' then ? I am not entertaining some delusion , Doctor . I am a mathematician . I am pursuing the truth . I 'm sorry , I 'm not trying to offend you , I 'm just trying to understand . But I need you to help me understand . Are you trying to understand ' bleem ' , Doctor ? Or are you trying to understand me ? Okay , Professor . Let 's assume that you 're right and ' bleem ' does exist . It 'd be a counting number , right ? It is an integer , yah . Integer . So you go 1 , 2 , 3 ... 'bleem , ' 4 , 5 , 6 - is that right ? Very good , Doctor . Right , so if that 's true you should then be able to have ' bleem ' of something , right ? Yeah . I 'd like you to do me a favor , Professor . Separate out ' bleem ' of those jellybeans for me . Please take your time . So ' bleem ' is not an integer after all . Professor . So ' Bleem ' is not an integer ... AHH ! Bleem exists ! Calm down , Professor . Something was preventing me ... I was sitting right here . I was watching you the entire time and there was nothing preventing you , except for the fact that ' bleem ' does not exist . I must get back to my research ... I 'm sorry , Professor . I 'm afraid we 're done for the day . I just need something to write with . Please . Pencil and paper is all I ask . We can talk about writing materials at your next evaluation , alright ? Doctor ? Take the Professor to his room . Please , I am so close . I can feel it . We can pick this up tomorrow . Come on , Professor . No . Take it easy ! So would you say you are a man of reason , Professor ? Of course , yah . Well , I 'm a little confused what reason could anybody possibly have to keep a number secret ? Why did they try to burn Galileo at the stake , Doctor ? This is heresy to them . We 're talking about the very fabric of our universe here . What do you know about higher dimensions , Doctor ? What , like parallel universes ? No , these are dimensions beyond what we can experience with our senses . The first four are taken up by the Minkowski Space-Time , which we live with every day . But physicists now tell us there are at least seven more dimensions we cannot access . Abstract dimensions that permeate everything - yet remain completely hidden . Alright . We have no way to grasp the possibilities , to tap us the potential of these dimensions because we haven 't got the math . So you are suggesting that with ' bleem ' - 'Bleem ' changes everything . Thank you , Professor . Hey ! Hey ! This next report comes from Stockbridge , Massachusetts , where on Thursday an unidentified man was struck and killed by a car near Pinewood Elementary school . But beyond the tragedy , a mystery has emerged as authorities have made no progress in determining the victim 's identity in the three days since the incident . Police Chief Hal Malick is referring to the lack of any leads as ' bizarre ' . More on the story as it develops . In other news ... Yeah ? We 're doing a second sweep now . He was definitely here at bedcheck , I haven 't let anyone into the room . Ah , looks like he left us a little snack . Don 't touch those ! It 's just jellybeans , Doc . Want one ?
