 And ... Action ! Spock , nobody knows the rules better than you , but there is got to be an exception . None . Such action violates the Prime Directive . Spock , we 're talking about your life ! J.J. ABRAMS : All these characters , at one point or another , have their lives on the line . If Spock were here and I were there , what would he do ? He 'd let you die . ZACHARY QUINTO : Spock is willing to die to ... follow the rules . Doctor , the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . And Kirk is not willing to let his friend die , just because of some rules . And that really sets them up at odds early on . - Admiral - - You filed a report ? Why didn 't you tell me ? I , incorrectly , assumed that you would be truthful in your Captain 's log . Yeah , I would have been , if I didn 't have to save your life . BRUCE GREENWOOD : What I think is the crux at the beginning of this movie is that , although there is greatness in Kirk , he 's arrogant and he feels he 's invincible and that 's really dangerous . CHRIS PINE : There 's a self-serving quality to Kirk . Kinda wants to prove that he 's the best , that he can get away with all this , that he can win . J.J. ABRAMS : Spock would rather abide by the rules and even lose his own life . That makes no sense to Kirk . Beyond that , he looked at Spock as a friend and , in fact , as much as he 's upset that he 's lost the ship , he 's actually even more hurt that Spock doesn 't get that . Do you understand why I went back for you ? ZACHARY QUINTO : This movie , for Spock , is a lot about understanding how important it is to be ... emotionally available , which is something that he 's not particularly skilled at . The truth is ... I 'm gonna miss you . Spock , actually , mind-melds with Pike in the moment of his death . He communes with the emotional life of Admiral Pike as he 's dying , and gets a deeper glimpse into what it is to be human , and what it is that human beings go through in the moment of their death . CHRIS PINE : When Pike dies , his armour is shattered . I think we can see is that Kirk that - before , he would have sat in the chair and be able to kind of wring it . He 's just racked with doubt . I cannot allow you to do this . It is my function aboard this ship to advise you in making the wisest decisions possible , something , I firmly believe , you 're incapable of doing in this moment ! You 're right ! I have no idea what I 'm supposed to do . I only know what I can do . The Enterprise and her crew need someone in that chair , who knows what he 's doing . It 's not me . It 's you , Spock . CHRIS PINE : What makes a great story , it 's always about selflessness , like a myth teaches people to look outside of themselves . This act shows the greatest love and maturity for the guy that we 've seen I think , in two tones . This is a selfless act , he 's not thinking about how many points he 's going to win , or how crafty he is , this is him doing something for the people that he loves . Engineering to Bridge . Mr Spock . Mr. Scott . Sir . You 'd better get down here . Better hurry . J.J. ABRAMS : The secret of this film , not unlike the first movie , is it 's just as much Spock 's film . ROBERTO ORCI : When Kirk dies and the reactor 's result of radation poisoning , that 's what happened to Leonard Nimoy 's Mr. Spock in ' The Wrath of Khan ' , back in 1982 . The difference is , in ' The Wrath of Khan ' , that scene was a punctuation to an end of a friendship . In this movie , this is a realisation to Mr Spock , that they are friends . You saved the crew . You used what he wanted against him . That 's a nice move . It is what you would have done . And this ... this is what you would have done . J.J. ABRAMS : What is it like to ... be a friend , when you 're not completely human and you 've chosen to , sort of , live in this more logical and less emotional way . CHRIS PINE : I can 't think of two people more completely at odds with one another . Both 're , finally , in a certain level of synthesis and balance . I want you to know why I couldn 't let you die . Why I went back for you . Because you are my friend . This movie is about Kirk truly understanding what it is to be a Captain , and Spock truly understanding what it is to be a friend .
