 A new technology has emerged . A micro chip designed by Company Avanti . However , the chip has the power to change the world . Look at the fate of mankind , Mr. Turner . Did I selected ? We have to change plans . Turner escaped with chip . The world is in chaos . Despair who need a savior . I intend to rescue it . Wake up , Chad . We made it . My people are waiting on the ground . I will find you , Mr. Turner ! No matter where you run , I will find you . Avanti will not stop chasing me . I just know that many people , who want this chip . We must go . People are disappearing offhand . If that is the Rapture , then this chip has a new meaning . And I will not let it fall into the wrong hands . I want you to bring it to chip . Translated by : Translated By : M A Translated By : Ma Ac Translated By : Mar Acc Translated By : Marc acce Translated By : Marcel Accen Translated By : Marcell accendere Enjoy May you be blessed \ " And the dragon stood on the sand of the sea . \ " That time has begun . Global confusion in progress This time , as many reports from around the world . Thousands of people were reportedly still missing . Most of them are children and without explanation . Adding to the chaos . Natural disasters are extreme has enveloped regions worldwide . Report on tsunami , earthquake , severe storm hit every continent . Governments and scientists had no concrete answers , while officials try calm public fears , in order to avoid panic more wide . Turk industry . In all regions , with police authority asked people to stay at home , and follow all notices . Thousands of people have lost including business and wholesale stores . A report on the internet discussed in more detail on this issue . In the current crisis situation , Avanti biochemical technology companies , just closed the loss of CEO , Dan Cooper . Research is problematic due to the company recovery of serious violence , that destroyed research facilities . Earlier this month , Avanti patented a revolutionary new device , which will be featured at the G20 summit . But now , it seems it will remain a mystery . Mr. Turk , your building is being evacuated . Please go downstairs now . Just heard the news about Avanti . / I know . Tragic . / It was not surprising . The tragedy is that financial facilities are attacked immature why can fail with an unacceptable failure . Tragedy is heard fragments chip that keeps just disappear like at 30,000 feet , where there is no place to run , but somehow managed to escape . We try his best to decode in order to track the device Avanti , but there is no assurance that we will be ready timely . The best choice and the only option is the chip to track Turner . We should put a Such forces , in order to track the whereabouts of Turner and lead , or whatever . Be prepared to welcome this opportunity . Or others who would use it . If we fail to find a chip that then it will all end , Philip . Our willingness to follow . Now ! / What do you mean ? Money and your car ! It 's okay . Do not make me kill you . You 're desperate . I understand . You 're not alone . There are millions of people like you who are very fearful will carry over to where the next day . Will you think of the proposal to solve this problem , anything to make it more secure ? What are you doing ? Shoot him . / Please do not . / Shut up ! You 're not a killer . While he is a murderer . The person who met with you a few hours ago , convince yourself by giving weapons as a test , to protect yourself against the dangers anything that will happen to you . But that sort of thing does not work against you . Believe me ! This man is a very dangerous man , while hiding behind a woman innocent as a defense , use you for the dirty work ie kill others for it . What ? Then put a gun in your head then get rid of you . Is not that true ? Max ? He does not know me . / I know you . Better than you think . What do you see ? What are you doing ? ! / Shut up ! You 're being controlled . He mempermainkanmu . / No ! Protect yourself . Before its too late . Put your weapon , Max . I will shoot , put ! / What are you doing ? Place ! No ! / Do not make me ! Drop ! Our goal against Mr. Turner , let me loose . For now , I have to go to Berlin . Bangkok , Thailand , 10 hours thereafter . Do you have a plan ? We will live with your parents . Waiting for your parents ? / Possibility . Wait , where are we going ? Follow the course , you will see later . You know that I could not stay anywhere too long . I do not know how long they Stop after me . Avanti will never stop chasing me . Did you hear obsession Turk , The other name is Josep . I know that a lot of people , who want this chip . Yes , what ? Is this a bad time ? / Probably for the rest of the world . But not me , I 'm still here . / Continue where Mr. Turner ? We trace the trail while now . / I do not pay to fail , Mr. Pike . If Avanti regain the chip , you will not get paid . Is that a threat ? / I do not agree if you thought it was a threat . I am a person who likes action . I estimate that the natural disaster being attacked now , right ? What happened was not a natural disaster I guarantee it . God gave a call for each of us , one word to a possibility . Vocation is to bring unity that is not acceptable and this useless by linking this event to the process of the chip . Do you believe in God , yes ? I believe the money . Just let me continue . We still have to keep moving , Mr. Turk . Warren ? The plan changed recently . Avanti server system hacks to find a way to access the chip seal . Chip embedded in Turner is the only how to find it . Do it as soon as possible . I want the best team that participated . On this morning , the turmoil in Vatican City has reached a critical signs , leaving thousands of people dead and many injured . Rumors about doomsday has led to fears in the US . Rumored that a strong influence seems is because of the sound of the hottest issues of the Bible , where the whole city disappeared . At the G20 meeting in Berlin , milyoner sang , Phillip Turk , .. ... expected to give an opening statement which may be the history of our humanity . Melisa O 'clock , World Radio Network reported . Where are we going ? My parents went to the house of my brother , Jeremy Every year , to bring him since the day of his death . Sorry . So , you already realize that they may not there , right ? Stop competing stupid or I 'll give you more of a punch . We know that you are designing chip for Avanti , Mr. Cooper . Surely you can tell us the existence of Chad Turner . Wait here , I 'll call you a Mr. Pike . People you requested has arrived , sir . / Keep an eye on him . So as you know that the target is Chad Turner . Former US special forces . Now already fitted , with a prototype biometric chip , developed by Avanti . My last my efforts to get back chip it failed because of a monk . The possibility of the unexpected . Mr. Turner is a dangerous man . He trained like us . He thinks like us . This is not a joke . There are 5 million dollar reward for anyone who can bring him to me . Alive . Will be wasted if he dies . I want you guys split up , with the leading PDA and detector software . In a few hours , access to the trail system chip will be online . We will know exactly where Mr. Turner . Have a question ? What are you doing here ? Put him in there . What we can ? / I have not been able to hack into the system Avanti . The main server is still off , until I could access the system , chip will not be able to find Chad Turner location . Listen , I need this chip . Do what you got to do to get a chip that , you understand ! You are sure to see them go ? / Yes . I just see them go . Without seeing them enter the building . And you do not think to call the police ? I just lost my wife , and a 16 year old boy . I do not want to bother take care of 2 rats swarming in my building . Which way did they go ? What is it ? I was just thinking of my brother . When I was 10 years old , my parents said that I will have a younger brother . During the process of birth , there are complications . My mother died . He left a beautiful angel . Its name , is Mali . We 're more than just a brother . He is my friend . I was a teacher . I was a refugee . He is my hope . She is everything to me . Along the departure of my mother , My father began living apart . He does not care about himself . Even the princess . He was lost . He began to drink ( alcohol ) . Gambling . Fight constantly . Then one day , he borrowed money . So he decided to sell Mali as part of a bet . Utangpun addicts come . Then take him away . Mali ! Dao ! Dao ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! Mali ! I have been looking for him ever since . Everything happened suddenly Late yesterday evening , when most people are asleep , others disappeared . It seems all the lost children , regardless of discrimination based on race , gender or social class . Be careful . He said what ? / Her daughter disappeared . It is not yet able to age . The basic idea is like this , children are blessed by God 's love , because they are too young to choose Christ in time so HE selecting their age . I mean , what is this experience ? It 's the rapture , these people taken by God . Likewise with children , because they do not have to choose until they are able to age . Listen , do not worry . We will find it . You do not understand . I mean today , so many people have taken . God knew what he had to do to survive . I thought he was in heaven , or in peace , or somewhere . Okay , we 'll go . The family did not have a clue any while their children disappeared . Many argue that this is acts of God ! Cynthia , World News Radio reported . We should stay with our family . What is our goal to serve in this place ? I 've seen enough . Come on . We went . Do not have a go anywhere . Sit down . Why ? What do you want us to do ? I hope you serve them who has chosen you to represent them . I doubt it , those of you who choose to face terrible crisis of panic , and give it to others . How do we have here ? Why men attacked ? What is the plan of God as the destroy the world and its contents ? Is the name of prophecy ? Judgment Day ? None of us want to bow down to his knees then pray to heaven , begging for forgiveness . Will HE gives us one last chance ? If so , we have to engage more deeply . We must change our way of life . We must find a solution to curb The middle of a chaotic world . To bring harmony , and humanity , to the Humanitarian Community . You can not stop the wrath of God . Have you talked with God lately this ? What He tells you that all this is the plan ? Or , have we ever be with the team the consequences of anger with the only way is all this nonsense ? How can all this make sense anymore ? By having different thoughts . All religions in the world , all \ " book of faith \ " talks on the day when God restores the kingdom . Since my youth , I had a vision . Will own destiny , on the day on which I stand before you and share my vision . A peace that will lead the world . We are Muslim , Jewish , Christian and all beliefs , can share and come with a purpose and to agree here . Defend our lives . As a normal human . At times like these , that became one of the world ! Under God . For a long time we put forward our personal desires about being better , How can I win , How I can be better than them ? And look what happened to us ? Now is the time . Now is our chance . To make the \ " I \ " to \ " we \ " , to make \ " them \ " to \ " us \ " . The answer to all our prayers not located above the clouds . But here . How is Warren ? Sir , what if we were the team 's tactics , find that she wear a parachute Turner to escape from the plane ? Where are they now ? Necessarily the best measure that can Their journey is within a 50 mile radius , sir . It is quite large areas , Warren . I know , sir . We 're trying , we will find them . I need some information . Anything to bring us closer to Chad Turner , until the tracking device back on . And you know for sure . Hey . Hello ? Hello ? / What ? Do you have a name ? Warren . Maybe I can help you , Warren . How did you do it ? / I know a few things . Will not be easy for me to lie in this kind of place . Whatever you know , we 'll find out . / Maybe . Probably not , Turner may even disappear thereafter . Why would you help me ? / Because you could help me . We will all die , man . Sooner or later he 's going to kill me . And if you disappoint , he will kill you too . Look around you , kid . There are things that happen that you can not even comprehend . I can help . Great opportunity . I will continue to turn off the lights , I do not want around us suspicious . Be careful . And . He 's not here . Maybe she contacted the embassy . Chad . What ? He usually pray together in bed every night . I 'm so sorry . I think the Lord was with them in a better place now . Yes . I really wish they is here but I 'm glad they 're gone . Of course they are not in the embassy , they are more intelligent than that . You really have to check the house , right ? / Of course . No one saw him for a few days Here you are . Do not be shy . Come on . So what do you want ? / Cup of coffee and a cigarette . So for that I take off your bonds ? Freedom ? / Oh yes . But you do not have the authority to it . Cup of coffee and a cigarette . You can handle . Do you want to change it to what ? I give the info to mendekatkanmu with Turner . How can I be sure your info is original ? / No need . But what else can you do ? Continue . He had a brother . Jeremy Turner ? Well , he died three years ago , do you think we do not know ? He lives here . In Bangkok ? Info not it is recorded . Asked his father why do you think to move here ? By the way , when you get back , I want my coffee black with one sugar . And I do not smoke cigarettes Marlboro . I want detector keeps track of all dwellings Jeremy Turner in the area around Bangkok , tax records , property , everything . Satellite down in 3 , 2 , 1 . What you got , Warren ? Before he died , Turner brothers lived in the city of Bangkok . He may be charted territory . We 're running re-examination now . It only took a few hours , sir . I do not have time , boy , I need a chip that , you understand ? Do anything to find the chip . We try our best , sir . How long will we fall asleep ? / I do not know , about a couple of hours . Let us find out what 's going on out there . Euro currency without value , while the US dollar expected to follow suit . Everyone in town panic both on Wall Street and on Main Street . At the G20 meeting in Berlin , world leaders have a symbol and without a president for a union . Increasing turmoil and the chaos of the world . The billionaire Phyllip Turk has not moved for reasons of sound support . Gave a speech about someone , that the people who lost inspiration for being a great guy . Duty and our responsibility here , at the top of this global is to bring all the economic closer together , to ensure great strength as the world market , ... / Who is it ? ... to ensure confidence , in order to get closer to each other . / I do not know . But change , ... Why do not you clean up as soon as possible , and meet me downstairs ? / ... be selfish in a time like this , do not care about other people , big or small , rich or poor , we are dipenjara- - We found the apartment owner by name Jeremy Turner . What nobody knows is it located ? / I . Identified near the river . Steady , if anyone is in the region ? / Tash . Send the coordinates of ... Now . Tash , this Warren . About 3 miles from the place , the address being sent . Did you hear ? Accepted , I on my way there . Perfect , you hear it , Josep ? / Yes , 20 minutes to get there . Keep a good distance . My brother would say : \ " Trust me . \ " See . This is the end of the world . Experience what is this ? It 's the rapture . Those people taken by God . Similarly , the children , because , they do not have to choose until they are able to age . God lifts people who believe in Him . I thought he was in heaven , or in damai- - \ " That if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead , thou shalt be saved . \ " \ " For with the heart man believeth and allowed , and with the mouth confession and be saved . \ " Ya Allah . You know that I never believed before all this happened , but , now there is no longer any doubt in my mind . God . Please . Help her find Chad and knew me . We just lost the wizard . Thank you , God . Please , help me find my brother . And the tracking chip no risk to Chad . Now I know , that the real you . I believe with all my heart . And I ask You , Jesus , be God in my life , and forgive all that I have done . Amen . What is it ? / Some money , HP . I do not know what we find out later . You look beautiful with clothes my mother . Very charming to you . I think he did not mind . No , I think he was happy for me . Ready ? Si chip analyst of this crazy , as a sign of the unity of all , who designed this chip to set World peace has disappeared , tool leveling all of our properties . In a week ' s national day Bangkok , it seems that all stores will hire everyone who already has a sign . And it is the best for the future of the world . We had a chance , to show basic ( alas ) , to guide the blind out of the darkness . And the light of the future , for all mankind . There will be no national twit . Together we are strong , and wise . Together we are One . Chad , we can not stay here . People who tracked everywhere . I recognized my father ' s handwriting . He wheather these photos ? And chip . Something like this that is in your arm ? This is the old version , which is no me smaller and biometrics . What does it mean ? That is the thing alive , thing in my life . So what is typically up Avanti ' s belongings were stolen ? Which typically are You can not steal it , without cutting off someone 's arm , fitted with biometrics . You can not steal because if you cut it , chip off , and subjeknyapun off . Yes . I do not know what to do my father on this thing , he does not even believe with chip program . We know him as a good person . So any means , he would want you to find it . I hope not . Come on Chad . Do you really think that He will not pick them up , if only they had a good private ? Dao , you 're the good guy who is not appointed by God . By showing the good is not enough . Yes whatsoever . You should start memperlihatkanku your work . Find out how to find this guy , right now ! I do not need another cup of coffee . Thank you , son . I can not just out of here . No , no ! But the next window . What window ? / Window of opportunity . You can remove the hands and I could disappear . You also should disappear , it worked . Nobody which could disappear from Joseph Pike . Tell that to Chad Turner . What is clear , since dad had all This prototype , he had a purpose in itself . What does it say ? / Most of the names and dates . And also there is a photo of these girls . Some people are numbered , in this agenda . The same figure by the name of the girl afterwards . / Let me see . Why did your father have a photo and make a list like slaves ? I know where . Here is HP . This is the last message she sent . Sounds message : \ " Dr. Siriwat , what are you Maicrop want to play ? \ " Is it Maicrop ? Maicrop ? It is a test of Thai . / Let 's check a list of telephone numbers . Here are the names Dr. S. Wait a minute . Dr. S is the name of the doctor who unites back Avanti chip research program . Are you sure ? / Certainly the same person . I once took a chip from a person to be tested on animals . I 've never met him , but , if he were doing the planting , he might be able to pull out This chip without a kill . There is a doctor in Bangkok . He has not got a chip revenue program development for Avanti , Dr. Siriwat . And Chad , I have been looking for ways to blocking and tracking chip , it is the best way to find it . What did he do to These young girls ? / Serial number them . They like that I had . Like what ? / Number urutku . Numbers associated with chipku . / What does that mean ? I think it means that he wants to test the chip in animals such as these girls . But you said you are the results of the first successful transplant ? Warren . What you 've found ? / Then texted her , because if he knows how to remove the device , we have to find it . Well , I can not wait here selama- - \ " Just come in Palm Square at 12 o 'clock \ " . Palm Square , place , about 20 minutes from here . Let us leave ! What ? This is Mali . Your sister ? Mr. Pike . I just found location of the phone on my father 's name Chad Turner . Currently being tracked . Good grief . Listen . We will find it . Follow in his footsteps , Give me the exact location . Highlighting the triangle in position . Can . He was in the area Wire House , send messages from numbers Bangkok , to Dr. Arjan Sirawat . Jackson , The Warren , they are The territory Wire House , I ' m sending her address now ! / Okay , I ' m there . Jackson , already in the Iron House . Jackson , what do you get ? I can not get anything here , please tell me ! / Okay . The length of message delivery , the program in its proxy , maybe ... Can , you can catch them within a radius of about 6 blocks . Alright , I ' ll be right there . See . I think the meeting place The table was overturned . Looks like it 's a trap . Beware any time . Be careful . Okay . Have you seen this man ? / No . Friends . Did you see this person somewhere ? Dr. Siriwat ? Dr. Siriwat ? Excuse me ! Chad . Here Barry . We were heading to the park now ! Excuse me ! I saw Turner . I will catch it . Are you okay ? / Yeah , I 'm fine . Come on . Come on . Barry , Tash . They were right in front of you . Follow the signal up to the park . Okay . Over there , over there , park there ! Good grief ! Ask the driver , what he work faster ? The only way to make fast is to pay it . Chad ... Yes , that 's him ! Finally we got to the Server Avanti . / How to spot the color red ? There should be only one green dot and it is Chad . Red dot there is the old version of the chip . I do not know why it ' s there . / I do not care . Where is it located ? / The River Road next to the floating market . Send coordinate it to me . Chad ! Here they are ! Hurry ! Hurry ! Come on . Up fast ! Hey ! We are in the market and need help . / Remain in situ . We ' re almost there . Hang in there . My sister would say : \ " Trust me . \ " Come on . You 're very good at running Chad , but already ended . I do not want to kill you . Do not worry , mate , You 're not going to do it . Street ! What ? / You 've spent my patience . We are desperate . I did not come this far just to people like you who make me frustrated . You should be fired , right ? / There will be no warning , Mr. Pike . If you do not send Chad Turner alive to me , all the things that are not fun will befall you . I promise . The pain that you 're feeling in the arm today , burning in body and mind , will soon membiasakanmu and punish you forever . Your lungs bleed mercy but nobody will come . You do not send me hold reason The inexhaustible . Do not insist , Mr. Pike . I can be very violent . So , what will we do ? Search and find something . From the beginning of my father has worked for a dangerous man . Wherever you 're hiding , you will remain secure the ambush . Only the family understood it . That 's perfect . Do you think the doctor will be there ? Kuberharap so . / But how can we trust him ? I mean , maybe he 's \ " hands \ " . / Listen . We must try . One day after the events of the changing world , The wait continues for missing family . Those who seek answers have not found anything . Just add public unrest which has become widespread . Reports of the press , has increased the pressure on political affairs and religious leaders . In a meeting this afternoon between nations , figure behind entrepreneurship , Phillyp Turk , has become a unifying figure at the time of the disaster today . Philip Turk proposed identification system has been considered in response to the turmoil that was going on . Stay tuned unification of the nations of the world and protect the citizens of other events . Determination of human tracking system has lost its voice , because the public demands become the largest selection . They will not stop our pursuit . / What are you doing ? Perhaps in this way can prevent supply blood to the chip . Hinder the tracking of the chip . What ... It sucks . Has disappeared . Chip ? / Yes . I told you , he ' s smart . Your boss will not be happy . I think we ' re very much . Are you okay ? I 'm fine . Come on . It looks like the chip begins to release toxins through the network in my body . Good grief . I have to get to the doctor now . Let 's go to a doctor ! Stand up . Let Chad , hang on . Breather . Are you okay ? / I 'm fine . I guess this is the place . Make sure you always have weapons . / Okay . Dr. Siriwat ! Dr. Siriwat ! Dr. Siriwat ! / Hey , hey , what are you doing ? Whoa . Doctor . I 'm Chad Turner . You worked with my father . He 's got a chip in his body . We have to move it . The possibility exists that toxins are released . You should have spoken of earlier . Let 's bring him in before anyone sees . Did she steal at Avanti ? If that is so , then we would not be here . How did you find me ? Keep track of the latest messages that you send . I figured I 'd met his father . I often moved locations to does anyone know where my existence . His father ... His father disappeared ? Wait . How can I bet You will not kill him ? No need . He just needs a little faith . Looks like you ' re anxious . You do not even see my face . How do you know I ' m worried ? Just beaten my face some time ago . Surely you ' re anxious . About Pike ? God , Warren . You must be worried about God . I also like that . / Start a live broadcast in 3 , 2 , 1 . At the time of this terrible tragedy , we must be united , with one heart , one soul , and follow a conviction . Only the quality of a Phillyp Turkey needed in leadership . MARC technology has proven to be powerful enough to protect the world from danger . Mr. Turk , what are the mandate you mean to be enforced ? Chip will fully implanted for free . When benefits have been clear and understood , then the world will follow . Together we will prepare , brought one of the greatest leaders . Brought revolutionary social truth , MARC . The world has fallen into unprecedented disaster seen by humans before . That ' s why we have support Mr. Philip Turk . I am just a millionaire . And I 'm grateful because it seems the world requires consolidation in this troublesome time . Until finally they know that they need Skills in leadership in me . Currently all national leaders gathered in UN , wish to take part in this historic opportunity , to convince global consolidation during this time without a president . The new technology created by Phylip Turk will be declared as an international statement . And identity implamentasi program known as MARC will begin . Of awareness of these events disappear , some people believe has many important properties , while others claim that the Bible is the actual forecast . Leaders around the world calling on all countries to unite . ... to form a single global community which some people call it , Rules of the New World . / Crazy time . I 've been spending a lot of poison . He would fall asleep for more than 1 hour . Did you slap by its content ? The first time a new study . But not just supposition . I believe what I saw . What is it ? This device prevents the GPS signals emitted from the chip . You can not remove it ? For the moment only this The best thing I can do . Fortunately Avanti told me to grow chip at the same time . They know it will be very much demand on the black market . Some people want to know existence every time . Especially prudent man . So , no more testing before Chad ? They ' re all dead . Do not worry . I will take care of the girls . What you do today is incredible . Young child . Thanks for everything , Doctor . You are a good person . I hope you realize your word . I 'll let you two . I know your intentions , Mr. Turk . Most people in the business community , the creator field including myself , who just want to sit back and let this happen . If you menasionalismekan our industry we will menutupmu . It will not be easy . People will rebel . I will give them what they want . What about my wishes ? / Let me tell you , Mr. Seeker Cara ( Find a Way ) . Pimpin industrimu or all job creators as you mentioned , and I will make them valuable . Believe me , you do not want to fight . Let 's help each other . Tell me what you want . And I will make it happen . I 'll tell you a story . \ " In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . \ " \ " The earth was without form , and void ; darkness was over the deep , and the Spirit of God was hovering over the surface of the water . \ " God said , \ " Let there be light . \ " \ " And there was light . \ " \ " God saw that the light was good , and God divided the light from the darkness . \ " \ " And God called the light Day , and the darkness he called Night . \ " Statement REGULATION OF THE NEW WORLD The great thing can happen , when people take positions and against the false and against it . I was grateful to get back to Mali in my life , free from the shackles . The perfect end of a tragic story . But for us , the story continues , The world will not end in darkness . Our journey will not end until No light and goodness of all people , under God 's grace . We introduce Phylip Turk , as our new leader . Thank you Mr. Minister . I 'm very proud to serve in the future as Here you are . I would like to express how proud I am to lead our new world to a more promising future . As a leader , I swear it will not only protect the state of our union but also the whole of humanity . We rise from this tragedy like the Phoenix bird out of the ashes and fly together . We should take advantage of this opportunity to build something new . Something stronger , something better . Today , we set the rules , for a new future . Regulation of our New World . We apologize for the imperfection of the translation .
