 Major . Hey , Major ! What was that ? Virtual reality ? I 'm on vacation . Don 't be so casual about entering my lobby . Well , my mistake . There 's been a terrorist bombing in Nishinouchi . The vic 's were a foreign-owned water company exec , a Trade Ministry official , and a domestic weapons manufacturer . The top entry in that terrorism grid list you gave Public Security was right on target . I assume they were secretly meeting to discuss water prices . A toast now , took some Foreign Affairs guards with them . There was also an explosion at the Yamanote Dam . The dam ? Don 't know if it 's related . But it belongs to a foreign-owned water company , and there 's a retired Trade official on staff . The bureaucrats in that industry have some intense turf wars . So , who asked for us ? Section 9 , as usual . Well , they failed to put your list to good use . They have managed to track down the perps . They say they can 't secure ' em , though . Too outgunned . Call everyone in . I 'm coming too . Duty calls . I 'm so sorry . Five hours , seven minutes . That 's a record-length vacation for you . Is it the police this time ? Or the Cyberbrain Development Bureau ? I 'll make it up to you . Don 't forget what we talked about , okay ? Are you serious ? Of course . Either way , you better get going . Your customers are impatient . Right . Wow , can 't believe you 've been with that guy for three months ! That 's a new record for you . Don 't be so casual about using that Ghost infiltration key . According to your precinct , he 's Detective Naoharu Mizuki . Is that right ? Yeah . He 's was a senior of mine . Was this all that he had on him ? Yeah , his holster was empty . Guess his piece was washed away . Either that or stolen . Hard to believe the gun under his jacket would get washed away . And why would somebody steal his gun but not take his wallet . A prosthetic specialist ... Huh , he sure doesn 't look cyborg guy to me . You got eyes . They rounded up all the unclaimed property in the area , right ? Something in here must tie back to him . What am I ? Your errand boy ? If the dam incident was really an accident , then yes . Lieutenant ! I found something strange , sir . What have we got here ? They look like prosthetics . Mermaid 's legs ... Report . Lots of injured cops . Six perps are still at large and running . They 're on their way to Ward 4 . They plan well for the police strategy . Yes , specially since they secured an escape route ahead of time . This group is obviously highly trained . They must have a commander out there somewhere . Ishikawa ! I picked up their line ! The seventh one . That 's their leader . This is a cutting-edge ghost lock so don 't bother resisting . I 'll make him order his friends to surrender . Ishikawa , run a forced recognition program . Roger . Abort the operation . Put down your guns and surrender . Repeat . Abort the operation . Put down your guns . Uh-Huh ? Aw man , no shootout ? Look , I got one ! You 're a useful little guy , aren 't you ? We just nabbed the last one . Good . Hand them over to Public Security . A virus alert ? It 's the guy you captured ! This pain ... The ghost lock released ? Major ? Shit . Saito ! Don 't kill him ! No more of that ! Damn , it always feels gross having someone infiltrate my ghost - even the Major . Tell me about it ... Your fault for aiming at the head . Don 't hand them over yet . We 'll take them to a lockup with cyber facilities first . Why can 't I just interrogate them here ? Their fake memories don 't interest me . So what does ? How about their contaminated ghosts ? I 'm sorry I had to call you down here like this . I have no problem performing my civic duty . So I understand you 're in charge of the dam . Let 's see ... Dr. Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied , correct ? Please , call me Thied . Tough-looking secretary you 've got . Yes , he 's very reliable . As for your background , it says here you 're originally from the Republic of Kuzan . There 's still a lot of conflict there namely with the Qhardi ethnic minority waging a war of independence , is that right ? Such a heartbreaking situation . And ... er ... you 're Qhardi yourself ? Yes . And like the majority of my countrymen , I wish for nothing but a peaceful solution . As for that explosion ... I 'm told it was a valve malfunction . Now , if I 'm not mistaken , your company sells water , right ? For what type of use ? Precision machinery businesses . That industry actually relies on 100 % pure water . So things like prosthetic manufacturing ? Yes . Chief ... You idiot ! The Trade Ministry invited them to set up a plant here ! Are you intentionally trying to make more enemies ? No , but I ... Hey ! Whoa ! Hold on ! That 's evidence ! I 'm grateful you were able to recover the goods that were stolen from our warehouse . Can we take them with us . Yes , of course , you can . But ... Chief ! You heard me . A detective died , sir . You think I don 't know that ? Go to Nishinouchi and get me information . Why Nishinouchi ? There was a bombing there , apparently done by Qhardi terrorists . Consult with me before making any moves on this case . Sure . So if the explosion was intentional and he wasn 't a victim , then ... What ? Don 't worry about a thing ! I 'm on it , Chief ! Don 't make me regret sending you , Togusa ! They 're a gang of Qhardi weapons smugglers . I met them on an undercover op once . So if these guys are only trying to send weapons to their buddies back home , then they 've got no reason to attack this country . Yeah , but you heard their statements : They said they were against the pricing agreement , which is why they bombed the site of the meeting . But you think those were just planted memories , huh ? I bet all of them are infected with the virus . That 's probably what interfered with my ghost lock . Well done . You subdued them in no time at all . Thank you but we could have done it even quicker if Section 9 would adjust its comms standards to ours . I read your report . So we 're dealing with a false memory virus that can infiltrate , hack , and brainwash simultaneously ? Yes , it 's a self-destructing Stuxnet-type . Other than the symptoms at its onset , it leaves no trace behind . Electronic manipulation of memory is difficult , if not impossible . It 's never been successfully confirmed . So you say but past incidents tell us that a maker and a broker clearly exist . Yeah . Somewhere out there is a super-wizard-class programmer known as " Fire-Starter " who created the virus that also bears his name . And no one 's been able to uncover his identity until now . You know something . Well , a clue , at least . A tattoo . All the terrorists you caught have the same one . It 's a symbol used by Scylla , the figure head who once led the Qhardi Separatist Army . I 've heard of the guy . Word is he 's a master of cyber warfare . Is he this Fire-Starter then ? Can 't be . He died during the war . You 're going to find out if that 's true or not . I 'll authorize limited access to Section 9 's database . You can read the details there . Is that all ? You 're complaining ? I gave you all the Logicomas that I have , with our weapons and the permission to use them as well . Predicting terrorist attack is one thing but my team needs the power to act on our research . Meaning ? Meaning I want special authority and an approved budget . And your crappy comm lines made backward compatible with ours while you 're at it . I don 't believe this ! How can you expect more when your team isn 't even regulation size yet ! This unit is standardized to the perfect specs . We don 't need any more people . Then the whole team will go down the second you get hacked , the same way those terrorists did . I don 't agree with these " perfect specs " of yours either . Your unit 's supposed to have , at least , six members and one commander . If you want authority and a budget , get one more person . If they 're not going to pony up the cash , I guess we 're stuck in this dump for a little while longer . I 'm just glad we 've got a lab to use . Yeah but with the way we wear out our prosthetics , this maintenance facility isn 't gonna cut it ... Plus we 've got to pay out of our own pockets for any upgrades . And those aren 't cheap . The training ground instructors make better money , I hear . I understand but trust me . We 'll get everything we need and more . So quit your bitching and solve this case ! His nationality 's unknown . He uses multiple bodies to conceal his identity , hence the name Scylla . That 's a multi-headed sea monster from Greek mythology , in case you haven 't read The Oddysey . He 's a military genius , a separatist leader and a master hacker ... and it says here : his specialty is tunnel ops . So what does that mean ? That 's when he bombs some place 's lifelines and then infiltrate them electronically while they 're busy being restored . Basically , it lets you launch a cyber-attack from within your enemy 's defenses . This is exactly what the Qhardis did in their war against the Government in Kuzan . As a result , Kuzan joined forces with a number of advanced nations and used their aid and weapons to contain the Qhardi revolution . As it turns out , one of those nations happen to be ours . When the war was over , no one recognized the Qhardis ' independence , and most of the guerillas were disbanded and then slaughtered . So the idea here is that Scylla was believed to be dead but is actually still alive and developing an advanced cyber virus . Plus he changed his name to Fire-Starter and is seeking revenge ... I follow the logic , but is that possible ? In a conflict zone , you can get away with all sorts of human experimentation . So sure , Scylla could still be alive . I 'm telling you he 's dead . It could be a successor then ? Right ? Either way , they are not selling the virus without testing it . If that 's the case , you think he was using the guerillas to repeat one of his tunnel operations he 's famous for ? It 's possible but it bothers me that nobody was carrying a detonator . Borma , check out the crime scene . Roger that . Paz , you and Saito pay those guerillas a visit . I want to know who trained them . Batou and Ishikawa , look for signs of more tunnel ops . What are you gonna do ? Dive into the guerillas ' cyberbrains and search for the virus ? I 've got to get a body tune-up first . A tune-up , huh ? From her boyfriend , an ex-military prosthetics tech . I thought he was a Navy sailor ? You 're thinking about the last one . He got into a fight with her , and she put his dumb ass in the hospital . What about the rich Cyberbrain Bureau guy ? Poor soul beaten last two weeks . Six boyfriends in six months ! She 's vicious . No , she 's smart . I never sleep with the same woman twice either . Because enemies could strike at them to get to you ? No , because it 's my policy . You should still do background checks on them , at least ! What if one of them 's a spy ? Even so . That beats hearing , " I want a family " . Yeah , since you could die at any time . This is no kind of job for a family man . So the late detective 's Mizuki weapon wasn 't found ? No . So we don 't know if he fired his gun . But if he did , it would prove that this was a crime and no accident . Do you think somebody wanted it to look like one ? Well , the cause of death was drowning , but he lost a lot of blood antemortem , Also several of his bones were broken or missing . So the body is too damaged to tell if he had been shot or not but your opinion is that he was , right ? Detective Mizuki was investigating weapons smuggling ... and his most recent meeting was with a Qhardi organization . I suspect he was killed because he uncovered some kind of proof , sir . Then the dam explosion was intentional . You 're suggesting it was carried out just to bury evidence ? Quite an imagination , you 've got there . I guess you 're turning down my request then ? No , not at all . Go investigate . Try and find a connection between the two incidents . Mmmm ... ah ... All alone ? You 're complaining ? Not a bit , sir ! Humans can never perfectly reproduce the movements . A slight slope , a distance from the target , a few milligrams difference in weight ... The brain may not have the precision of a machine but it 's quite adapt at solving these problems on the fly . Your brain is particularly beautiful , and its appreciation of both human and uniform standards . You 're exaggerating . There 's nothing wrong with you . So it still hurts ? Try moving your leg now . Lovely . What 's " lovely " ? Your leg . The pain is gone now . Send me a bill , okay ? I 'll give you a discount if you don 't forget our promise . You 're a strange one , aren 't you ? Not as strange as you . Hey , you . You 're blocking my scan . Oh , sorry . Isn 't having natural eyes like that a hinderance to your work ? No and it 's normally not this hard to find the epicenter . I take it you know a lot about the combustion process ? Yeah , I learned the basics overseas back during the war . I see . Are you a full cyborg ? Uh-huh , almost . Then maybe you can help me figure something out . I 'm no expert but ... don 't cyborg bodies react like human ones do ? So then why did his hands stay open after he burned ... What do you mean ? When a natural human burns to death , the muscles contract , and as a result , they form fists and then bend forward . They assume a fetal position or what 's called a boxer 's pose . You mean heat rigor ? Yeah . Well , what about it ? The guard 's corpse is standing up straight . Not only that , his hands are open too . It must be a property of the bomb or his prosthetics . Prosthetics ? Hello ? Last checkup ? Two weeks from today ? I gotcha . No , I 'm working right now , sorry honey . " Honey " ? Thank you for all of your help . C-4 , dynamite , glycerin , and chemical fertilizer ... I think we just found their hideout . This place definitely has a mad bomber vibe to it ... but do we have any clue as to what they actually used to pull this off ? There 's order coming down the line ! Someone calling himself Scylla just instructed the " Second Army " to mobilise . Those bastards are leaking all the Public Security 's moves ! The Waterworks Bureau 's server blew and took out the whole floor . What did they use ? The same accelerant found at the Nishinouchi crime scene was spread across the ceiling and even the ducts . We 're talking an omnidirectional blast here . The air itself blew up . A fuel-air explosive ? That makes this is a dummy hideout then . They obviously got a more advanced lab somewhere else . Looks like Scylla 's issuing us a challenge . The Waterworks Bureau is starting repairs . If you ask me , the hacker 's already in ! Then figure out their next target . Don 't let them dig any more tunnels . Thanks for your cooperation . I 'm getting used to being questioned by the police . There 's been a ton of prosthetics thefts lately . " Mermaid 's legs " , and that 's one of your products ? Not the most artistic name , I admit . My female customers quite like it though . Do you recognize these legs ? They look like mass-production models . Take a look at the tag here . " Ariel . " I 've asked around , and there 's no such model on the market . I don 't carry it either . It must be some designer 's brand name . Sometimes they use mass-production models as a base and then customise them to buyer 's demands . I 'm looking for names . I have a list that I can give to you . Give me a moment . Thanks for your help . Cops love lists . That should keep him busy for a while . Public Security found our dummy safe house . Are your comm lines secure , Colonel Hozumi ? This is troubling . We have one of Intelligence 's independent lines . And you , why haven 't you killed that detective ? There 's no need . He doesn 't have any influence . The real issue is that Ariel 's been leaked . We retrieved the sample before it was analyzed . We took care of the factory too . I didn 't expect you to panic and blow it up though . We 're lucky Ariel was mounted in time . Otherwise , your bungling would have hindered our plan . Our plan was to use Ariel as a way to smuggle explosives to the Qhardis ! Not suicide bombers ! Circumstances have changed . If overseas weapons development becomes domestic , distribution channels will vanish . So those Qhardis were just pawns ? We 're upgrading . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . Get those guerillas who were arrested released . I won 't give you the data until they 're free . But they aren 't even your fellow countrymen . Even so , Scylla wouldn 't abandon them . Very well . There are three more usable Ariels . One of them conveniently close to you . Does it really have to be her ? Your feelings are getting in the way . Just activate the woman 's Ariel . Get our allies released first . Understand ? Ride with me . I trust you haven 't told anyone that it was I and you who killed Scylla , right ? Correct . That op is a stain on both our records . It would be highly inconvenient for it to come up again now . Especially since you dived right into the power game as soon as you made LTC . If they think they can use the military-industrial complex to profit from murder , they 're wrong . I 'll wipe out all their trade routes to foreign cartels , and make domestic weapons engineering bigger than ever . Just like Lt. Col. Mamuro wanted . I 'm not playing your game , Kurutsu . Unfortunately , Scylla is a game you can 't quit . She has to stay dead . You used this before . Bury it and whoever 's using Scylla 's name - permanently this time . If you don 't , the brass will bury you , just like they did that op . Becoming independent of the system doesn 't make you free . You 're a lot like the programmers from last century , who expected too much from the birth of the Net . Even Section 9 is only putting with you up as a test . When they see fit , they 'll restrain you with a ghost infiltration key and get rid of you . I 'm not going to let anyone infiltrate my ghost again . It doesn 't matter who they are . So that was Motoko Kusanagi ? So what 's your impression ? Can you win ? If you wish me to , yes . You really came ? Well , I did promise . I haven 't prepared anything at all . Yeah , I figured as much . But let 's take care of this first , okay ? Saito and I questioned that Qhardi gang , but there wasn 't any trace of their tactical commander . I was lucky enough to find the rental server they used , at least . Multiple hacks into public sites ... Bastards have made progress on their tunnels . Do you know where they 're striking next ? Someplace with water and precision machinery . Sadly , 78 places in the city fit that description . Check them all out . Damn ... you know Intelligence subcontracting pays a lot better for half the work . So , still enjoying your " tune-up " ? Yes , so I 'm dropping this connection . I heard all that noise . Wow ! Your coworkers sure are in and out of your lobby a lot , aren 't they ? It 's fine , I ran them off . Tell me , do you think I 'll ever get to be in your lobby ? That depends if you work with me or not . If I told you I needed one more person , what would you say ? Tuning you up whenever I want sounds real tempting , but I don 't get involved with the military or the police . I see . I did some first aid on your sensors ... but you still need some lab work . The pain is gone . I 'll just do the rest myself . Then let 's get to unpacking . You know , I remember when I first met you , all the other engineers did warn me . They said you were the queen of customer complaints which is sort of true . Oh , so that 's why they handed me off to you ? Well , actually , I asked them to . What ? You fascinated me . You couldn 't decide whether you should treat your body as an object or as a living thing . That made me interested in you . At the facility I was in before , they thought I was an oddball for always wanting to sleep in a bed and take showers . You know , when I was prosthetized on the battlefield , they said , " A cyborg doesn 't need an everyday life ; all they need is good equipment . " That 's why I switched to prosthetics engineering . Because I wanted to treat cyborg bodies the same as human ones . As a kid , they gave me this everyday-living training outside the facility . So I could learn how to be more like a normal human . I don 't really remember much . Just that everything seemed so bright ... I do remember that I came back ahead of schedule though . Still ... even from the start , I had to have an orthodox body . I knew that I wanted to look human . Your prosthetic body isn 't a thing . It 's your real body . And it mustn 't be treated as a thing ... not by anyone . Including me . I really do wish that was true . I 'll prove it . But how ? It 's a surprise . We 're missing the key piece : the bomb . How the heck did they get it into such a heavily guarded meeting place ? Did the perps say ? No but they insist that they 're the ones who did it . Despite the fact that none of them have any memory of the bomb itself . They 're fall guys . They probably have nothing to do with the damn thing . Then we 'll have to monitor all 78 locations until we can narrow down their next target . Seriously ? Contact me if anything happens . Hey , you 're wearing heels ... You 'd do anything to get your prosthetics tech boyfriend to join the team , huh ? Maybe that was a yes . This is what you wanted to show me ? They 're regular customers of mine . Their average age is about 70 . They 're all full-body cyborgs ... The affluent elderly are at the core of cyborg development these days . Not soldiers . Prosthetic bodies give them second lives and much more fulfilling lifestyles . More and more foods for cyborgs are being developed every day . Here , try it . It 's good . First time allocating memory to taste , huh ? Ah , the new bride is pregnant , by the way . It 's a whole new world , one where humans don 't discriminate ... between prosthetics and flesh . I 've said it before but you really are strange . Unfortunately when it comes to the future , there are plenty of people who reject it and plenty more who are left behind . I want to bring the future of cyborg technology to the third world . Will you come with me ? You should live by your own free will and use your power to do something good . Not at the beck and call of people you can never trust . The war is over , you know . It 's still going . The nations it grew inconvenient for pulled out , that 's all . Sorry but I still have things to do in this country . I see . Are you free later ? If you and I share a lobby , we can meet whenever we want . There is a chance I might touch your ghost . I 'll let down my barrier . - You 're sure ? - I may fry your brain if you infiltrate me . I 'm willing to take that risk . This is your body . These are your hands . Motoko , run ! Akira ! You all right ? Yeah ... I 'm sorry . This is my fault . You got my condolences . Paz and Section 9 are on the scene . Your attacker was a pro , even if he did screw up . It 's unclear if this attack was tied to the bombings or not , but to be safe , we 'll be giving you police protection . I don 't need it . How is Akira ? He 's fine and once we 're done questioning him , we 'll send him home ... with assigned bodyguards . Thanks . The military authorities won 't give me any information on Scylla . So I wish you will tell me your connection to him . Call me if you need help , alright ? So this is Scylla 's revenge , ah ? Good thing your boyfriend is a civilian . We don 't have to suspect a leak . They got us . Number Three was a materials control center on the coast . I picked up a go order in Scylla 's name 30 seconds before the explosion . Then the whole line disappeared . At this point , surveillance is worthless . Find a weapons engineer on their customer list who could be connected to this . Weapons engineer ? Get info on the vic 's too . Move it . Find something . The virus , the bombs , the tactical commander , where the messages from this fake " Scylla " come from ... I don 't care . Hey , I 've got a suggestion . Why don 't you finally tell us why you 're so sure that Scylla ' s dead ? Excuse me . Aw , you ! I was told that I could find Major Kusanagi here . What do you want ? State your business . Hose gave me a list . Turns out it was a fake . He met with another detective as well , one who mysteriously died after getting info from him . So what 's your point ? Prosthetics-related crimes happen a lot . And it seems techs are always getting the blame . My point is the mananger of the dam that exploded the other day . Hose outfitted her bodyguard too . What are you trying to say ? Seeing your boyfriend getting attacked like that , can you tell me how it made you feel ? Angry at the perp , and guilty about what happened to Hose ? You probably think it 's your fault that he got attacked . He felt the same things too . Anger and guilt . Trust me , he 's hiding something . Think ... The dead detective , the dam , the prosthetics and even you . Everything links back to Akira Hose . I think you need to get those human eyes of yours replaced ! Now get the hell out of here ! Ow ... hell ! Do you think I 'm an idiot , Colonel ! An attack barrier ! Calm down . If the domestic faction takes away your arms industry rights , you 'll be killed by all of the cartels , won 't you ? Yet you 're in a rush to kill me and steal my data ? What a joke ! And this coming from the person who couldn 't even get my people released ? Where is the data ? Our deal is over , Colonel . I appreciate the info on her and for Scylla 's revival , but I 'm leaving the country . I advise you to do the same , and quickly too . There 's no need . We 've managed to successfully package the virus with cyberbrains . In fact , we 'll be using your cyberbrain for the final upgrade . Now become Scylla , just like you wanted . Arggggh ! " His hands stayed open after he burned , " huh ? It 's just like the call said . The assigned officers are dead , and Akira Hose is missing . So the Major wasn 't the target ? Hold on , look at this list . It 's just a guess , but I think the fuel-air explosions were actually the prosthetic limbs themselves . There is another full-cyborg guard in that part of the building . The limbs ' admin records have the same signature on them ... Hey , wait ! What are you ... ? Tell me who this is ? My attack barrier expands every second you delay . If you don 't want your brain fried , tell me ! You 're killing him ! He gave us power ... He 's the new Scylla ! It was like magic . A battle-learning program left to us by the dead Scylla ... He gave it to my cyberbrain , along with the virus . I 've never even had military training , but now I can even fight you people ! Give me a name . Akira Hose ! He 's like you ! He 's Japanese ! So Hose escaped . Any idea where ? Why ask me ? What other suspects do you have your eye on right now ? Zhinzhee Bekka Arr Thied . She 's the head of a Kuzan water company and , if I 'm right , she 's most likely the sponsor of the weapons ring . I found the tunnel exit ! A domestic weapons company ... Harimadara Heavy Industries ! The execs are touring today with the Senior Vice-Minister of Defense ! Recommend a barrier , and give the data to Section 9 . Paz , Borma , Saito , get over there . Get a bomb squad and a prosthetics tech on site . Intel says that a destructive cyber-attack is likely . Do you mind explaining to me what 's happening ? You have to evacuate . You 're a target ma 'am and so is this facility . Wh ... Wh ... What 's going on ? ! It 's a bomb ! Get out of here ! - We 're too late ! - Shit ! Paz , Borma ! This way ! Help me ! Please help me ! Crap , the smoke 's closing up my throat . Mine too . That was close . Are you all right , Vice-Minister ? Yes , I 'm fine , thank you . - Logicoma . - Yes , sir ! Wait ! That thing 's one of our products ! Get down ! That 's all the info on Colonel Hozumi . That 's fine . We get intel and , in return , you get a grace period . Now wait a minute . Please tell me what she has to do with Scylla ! Just ask her yourself . I 'll admit your contaminated brain is intriguing , but I 'm cutting our connection before the infection spreads . Goodbye now , sir . Contaminated ? I 'm being bankrupted by a special tax on foreign companies ? How can this be happening ? Sounds like the work of the domestic faction . Where are you going ? To kill the Colonel ? She 's all washed up . You and I are too . My advice to you is to escape now . Your company 's going to be crushed under the pretext of this nation 's taxes . And you will be killed by the cartels if you don 't do something . Major , you okay ? I 'm fine . Go with that detective and subdue the bodyguards . I 'll take care of Scylla . Alone . Damn , she 's stubborn . And scary too . What the ... ? A Mateba , in this day and age ? And what 's wrong with that ? This is the gun I trust the most . A blood trail . Looks like someone got shot . Sure does . Ariel huh ? These are the prosthetic bombs . That wasn 't you just now . So who the hell infiltrated my vision , huh ? Don 't move ! There was only one soldier I could empathise with in the insanity of that war and , of course , it was Scylla . So naturally , I 've always wanted to ask you why he was killed . But then I finally realised that you didn 't kill Scylla . Now go home because if you don 't , your Ariel will activate . Even I can 't stop it . What 's going on here ? That bastard infiltrated my vision exactly like you do ! Well , Major , answer me ! Where the hell is the Army ? That thing is gonna kill us all ! It 's been seized . It won 't stop until we shut down whatever it 's packaged with . Transplanted memories . What ? The packaged cyberbrains are the virus 's hosts . They converted the tactical program I set loose in Qhardistan to memory . My copy ! What the hell are you saying ? Motoko . I had targeted you , but in the end , I was the one who was captured . It was my cyberbrain that was packaged . So if you fire , you 'll save everyone . What you fell in love with was this world . Until the day it betrays you , keep on loving it . Scylla ... I 'm glad I met you . What ? It stopped ... Life 's a bitch . The poor bastards survived a world war , only to find out it never really ended , and they were all expected to take their own lives . Apparently , there 's no other way they can get out . Guess it was the same for you , huh ? You were Scylla after all , am I right ? You commanded the separatist army and then you faked your own death . Later , all those guerillas you led were hunted down and killed . I can see why you wouldn 't want to talk about that . I stopped switching bodies so often when that op ended . It turns into an identity crisis . I lose track of who I am ... so much so that I want somebody to tell me I 'm more than just a robot . That 's why you have to make your own tweaks even on your mass-production hubs ? Anyway , it 's amazing you managed to control so many bodies in such a short time . I 'm going to sleep a little . You can go . Call it cyborg solidarity . I 'll keep watch and make sure they don 't fit you with any sketchy parts . All right , suit yourself . You could at least say " Thanks " ! The bullet I found at the scene of the crime was fired from this lieutenant 's gun . I also found Mizuki 's weapon at his home ... and a huge deposit was made into his account . Mmmm ... Good work . You can go . Arresting a fellow cop is got to to make you some enemies . Aren 't you afraid guys from his precinct will come after you ? It comes with the territory . I 'll watch my back . Is that all you came to ask me ? How would you like to join my team ? Uh ? It 's a top priority independent offensive unit . Well , excuse me . Hello ? What ? I thought we had two weeks ! No , don 't worry . I 'll be right there . Just hang on . I gotta take off ! My wife 's water broke ! Huh ? As in she 's about to have a baby ! No , don 't worry honey , I 'm on my way now ! We 'll talk again soon , Major . Yeah , I 'm leaving now ! So he 's natural , married , and a father ?
