 Here 's another flash on that highway bus accident . " Dan McCormick , the lone survivor , " has been taken to the receiving hospital for observation . " Attending physicians are astounded at his condition " because he shows no effects of the electrocution " that killed the driver of the bus and all of his fellow passengers . " You say the man is conscious ? Yes . It 's the most amazing thing I 've ever heard of , Doctor . After a good night 's rest , he 'll be ready to leave the hospital . Come on , come on , give me those pants . I want to get out of here . Here , here ! What 's going on ? I can 't make him stay in bed , Doctor . Well , I guess I ain 't as tough as I thought I was . Tough ? You 're lucky to be alive after a shock like that . Now , get back into bed and take it easy . Okay , okay . You 're the doctor . This is Dr. Lawrence . Doctor , Dan McCormick . How do you do ? Dr. Lawrence wants to ask you a few questions . Sure . Glad to have somebody to talk to . You know , for a minute I thought you was one of those reporters . No . No , there are several of them downstairs . You won 't lack for publicity . Oh , say , that 's great . I can use a couple of good write-ups in my business . What is your business , Dan ? Oh , didn 't you know ? I run a high pitch down on the midway . It 's an act . I 'm Dynamo Dan , the Electrical Man . Fool around with storage batteries and stick my fingers into light sockets and make sparks jump between my hands . You know , yokel shockers . Yokel shockers ? Sure . Stuff to fool the peasants . It 's all for effect . Most of it 's phony . Yes , I see . Hey , Doc , get a load of this . Supper in bed and I ain 't even sick . Yes , we 're gonna make sure they take good care of you . Well , I must run along now . Here 's my card . When you get out of here , just drop in and see me sometime . Sure , sure , Doctor . Goodbye . So long , Doc . Nice guy , the doc . Dr. Lawrence is one of America 's foremost scientists . No kidding ! " Dr. John Lawrence , 515 Forrest Drive . The Moors . " Thank you , Henry . That 's all tonight . Thank you , sir . Good evening , Dr. Lawrence . Wong . Hello , Uncle John . Hello , dear . Oh , look at you . What 's the matter , no date tonight ? Yes , and a very nice one . I waited to tell you about your tickets . Tickets ? Tickets ? What tickets ? For the convention . Oh , yes ! Yes . When do I leave ? First thing Wednesday morning . Well , that gives me a couple of days . I 've listed the references that you wanted . Oh , can 't we get out of that ? I detest speeches . It 's probably because I 've had to listen to so many in my time . Well , here 's your chance to get even , not that yours will be boring . I wish I could be sure of that , but electro-biology sounds terrifying . Except to electro-biologists , and that 's who you 'll be talking to . Well , good night . We 'll hope for the best . See you in the morning . Oh , and don 't forget your medicine . I left it on your desk . I said good night . Good night . Paul , why don 't you give this up ? It will work . I know it . With all the constructive things to be done , why do you concentrate on destruction ? You call my work destructive ? Must we go over that all again ? This theory of yours isn 't science . It 's ... It 's black magic . I believe that electricity is life , that men can be motivated and controlled by electrical impulse supplied by the radio activities of the electron . That eventually a race of superior men can be developed , men whose only wants are electricity . But , man , you 're challenging the forces of creation . The forces of creation ? Bah ! You know as well as I do that half the people in the world are doomed to a life of mediocrity , born to be non-entities , millstones around the neck of progress , men who have to be fed , watched , looked over , and taken care of by a superior intelligence . My theory is to make these people of more use to the world . By successive treatments , their bodies can be so electrolyzed that they are no longer subject to the pains and frailties of ordinary mankind . Sometimes I think you 're mad . I am . So was Archimedes , Galileo , Newton , Pasteur , Liszt , and all the others who dared to dream . Fifty years ago , a man was mad to think of anesthesia . Forty years ago , the idea of operating on the brain was madness . Today , we hold a human heart in our hands and watch it beat . Who can tell what tomorrow 's madness may be ? No one , Paul , least of all I , since I , too , believe that we 've only scratched the surface of electro-biology . But science , through the ages , has been used for the betterment of mankind , to give some faint ray of hope to these non-entities , as you call them . But ... Now , now , now . Together , we 've been very successful . Let 's drop it for tonight . You hurry and clean up . There 's some cheese and beer in the kitchen . I 'll make a Welsh rabbit and we 'll celebrate . What do you say ? All right , John . Good . I won 't be a moment . Do you like it ? It 's terrible . Say , who are you ? Mark Adams . Oh ! So , you 're Mark Adams , the big newspaperman . Well , I have something to say to you . You ought to be ashamed of yourself . Five people killed and the best thing you can do is write bad jokes . " Under his own power . " Well , look , lady , five people were killed and we treated it with the proper respect , but that was yesterday . Now , the Globe-Dispatch has a circulation of 300,000 , say a million readers , and they don 't want to read any more about the five that died . They want to read about the one that lived , Dan McCormick . Where is he ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Oh , come , come ! By the way , what makes you think he 's here ? Well , I bought the fourth-floor nurse a dollar dinner and found the taxi cab that brought him here . Now , come on , give with the news item . What 's Dr. Lawrence 's angle ? I still don 't know what you 're talking about . Okay , I 'll wait . You 're wasting your time . There 's nobody here . Nobody but us dogs . Hey , you must be all right . He doesn 't usually make friends so easily . Sure , me and dogs always get along . What are your plans ? I don 't know . I was headed for the county fair when that accident happened . I was gonna open up my act . Guess I 'm too late now . Suppose I 'll have to do something else . In the meantime ? Well , in the meantime , there 's always that good old 18 bucks a week from the unemployment insurance . Of course , that doesn 't start for a couple of weeks . Well , why don 't you come and work with me ? What ? I say , why don 't you come and work with me ? What doing ? Well , I 've been thinking about that electrical act you used to do . Oh , I already told you that was a phony . Nevertheless , you survived an electrical shock that killed five other people . Maybe it wasn 't such a fake after all . Maybe you 've built up an immunity to electricity . What 's that ? Lmmunity ? Ordinarily fatal doses of electricity can 't hurt you . Oh , you mean kind of like I was vaccinated against it ? Something like that . Some cellular or glandular change has taken place , which renders you immune . I 'd like to find out what that is . Hey , wait a minute . You don 't mean you want to cut me open ? No , no , no . Just take your blood count , examine your muscular coordination and study your reflexes . If we can find out what it is that produces this immunity against electricity , we might be the means of saving the hundreds of lives that are lost every year through accidental electrocution . And you can live right here , too . You mean , I get to eat here , too ? Surely . Take it easy until you 're well and strong again . That 's good enough for me . LAWRENCE : Dr. Rigas , come here a minute . He 's my associate . Dr. Rigas , I want you to meet Dan McCormick . Good morning , sir . Hiya , Doc . I 've been trying to persuade Mr. McCormick to come work with us while we study his apparent immunity to high-voltage electrical shock . Oh , yes ! Yes , of course ! Forgive me , I didn 't recall the name for a moment . You 're the one ... Yes , I 'm the one that lived . And I have assured him that we will do nothing to injure his health in the slightest degree . Yes , yes , of course . Well , then , let 's get to work . What say you , pup ? You ready , Corky ? Go get it ! Good morning , Miss June . Good morning , Dan . Lovely day , isn 't it ? Oh , it sure is . Well , are you beginning to feel at home around here ? Yeah . You know , every day around here is like Sunday on the farm . Well , they 're not working you too hard , then ? No . Why , they just give me a little shot of electricity , feel my pulse and look in my eyes and tap me on the knee . You know how doctors do . Well , doesn 't the electricity hurt ? No . Why , I used to take more than this six times a day when I had my carnival act . You know , Miss June , you look mighty pretty with those flowers in your arms . Thank you , Dan . You remind me of a girl I used to be kind of sweet on . She had a high wire act in one of the Big Mac shows . What happened to her ? She ran away with the fire-eater . Well , don 't worry , Dan , I won 't do that . Hi , Corky ! Come here , kid ! Give me that ball ! Give me that ball . Come here . Good morning , Miss Lawrence . Well , you do get around , don 't you ? How goes the great experiment ? Nicely , thanks . How long does a thing like this take ? Oh , weeks , months , a year perhaps . You see , when a scientific discovery is announced to the world , it must be proved beyond chance . Well , you 've had a week now . What progress have you to report ? I think we can safely say that the preliminaries have been completed . Well , that 's fine . Now we can get to the main bout . What are you doing tonight ? Why , Mr. Adams , I thought you were here professionally . Well , if you think there 's anything amateur ... Look , June , you 're making it awful tough on me . I 'm trying to romance with you and what do I get ? Biology . By the greatest authority in the world . Well , maybe he is . But if you 're interested in the subject , I , too , have a few ideas along these lines . Hi ! Oh , I hope I didn 't interrupt . No , it 's all right . I wasn 't getting anywhere . Come on , Corky . Come on , Corky . Come on , Corky . Hey , you and Corky seem to be getting along all right . Sure , him and me gets along swell . Say , you want to see something ? Get a load of this . All right , Corky . Lay down . Down . That 's it . Now , turn over on your side . Over . Hold it . Hold it . Now , clear up on your back . Turn over on your back . Hold it . Hold it . Now back on your side . No , no , the other side . Hold it . That 's a boy ! He learned that one quick . I think maybe when I go back to the carnival , I 'll get myself an animal act . Dan , will you come in here , please ? Sure . No , not you . No , no , no . I don 't like that guy . You don 't know anything about him . Do you ? I know that much of the success of this laboratory is due to him . He 's a genius in his line . Maybe . But I 'll bet he spent his childhood sticking pins in butterflies . MARK : What do you think , Corky ? Hey , Doc ? Yes ? Where 's Pete ? Pete ? Yeah . Pete , the rabbit in the end case there . He worked yesterday . Now , would you step on this , please ? Sure . Hey , ain 't we gonna wait for Dr. Lawrence ? Dr. Lawrence is away for a few days attending a scientists ' convention . He left full instructions about the experiment . Now , just relax . Now , please . Thank you . Now , just relax . You 're perfectly all right . You can get up now . Hey , Doc , what happened ? You must have dozed off for a minute . Feels like my hands are asleep . Well , that 's strange . Just the usual voltage , enough to maintain your immunity . Oh , I wouldn 't know from that scientific talk . You all through with me now ? Yes , that 's all for today . Okay . So long . RIGAS : Goodbye . Hiya , Corky . Come on , kid ! Let 's go . What 's the matter ? Come on , Corky . Come on , kid . Come on , I won 't hurt you . It 's good to be home . Conventions are all right , in their way , but I 'm for holding them all in my own living room . Yes , I always thought them pretty much a waste of time . Same old fogies with the same old theories . This wasn 't so bad . Our Latin American friends are really doing some worthwhile things . By the way , where is Dan ? He was sitting out in the garden just a few minutes ago . Maybe he doesn 't know what time it is . Wong , call Mr. McCormick . Yes , Doctor . I 'm worried about Dan . Well , what 's the matter ? Isn 't he happy here ? I guess so , but ... He seems to have slowed down . Perhaps it 's a reaction to our experiments . Well , maybe we 're crowding him too much . I 'll check the reports after luncheon . He 's coming now , sir . How are you , Dan ? Did they take good care of you while I was away ? Oh , I 'm okay , Doc . Special for you , Mr. Dan . No , thanks . I ain 't hungry . Finish your lunch , Doctor . I 'll take care of him . Take his plate back to the kitchen , Wong . He may eat it later . Yes , Doctor . Uncle John , there 's something the matter with Dan . Something strange is happening to him . Oh , nonsense , child . I admit he looks rather badly , but as Dr. Rigas says , that might be the result of our experiments . Well , I wish you would make sure . I will , now that we 've got that scientific congress out of the way . Have you any idea what might be wrong ? Well , nothing definite , but ... Well , you remember the goldfish ? Goldfish ? Diggs and Betty , in your office . Oh , yes , yes , of course . They died . Well , that 's too bad . Something in the water , eh ? Yes , sir . Electricity . Paul , look here . June asked me to give you this . Oh , yes . Yes , thanks . What do you make of Dan 's condition ? As I suspected , he 's nervously upset . I 've ordered a few days ' rest . Take a look at this blood specimen . Seems to be way below normal in corpuscle count . That was taken from his arm this morning . Nothing much like the specimen we took from him when he first arrived , is it ? No , it isn 't . I don 't know what to make of it . Have you kept a record of the treatments ? Of course . I 'll get it . Here it is , Doctor . I think you 'll find everything according to your instructions . Oh , I ... I don 't know what 's the matter with me . I 'm ... I 'm weak as a kitten . Oh , you 've overtaxed yourself at that convention . Probably . Why don 't you go upstairs and lie down for a while ? You watch Dan carefully . We mustn 't let anything happen to him . But of course . I 'll take care of him . You go to bed . It 's been a good many years since I 've been tucked in . It 's very pleasant being waited on . Are you sure you 'll be all right ? I hate to run out on you like this , but it 's Mark 's night off and we planned ... Now , I understand perfectly and please don 't worry about me . Well , here are your reference books and your paper and your pencil . But if you take my advice , you 'll go to sleep . Thanks . There 's just a few things I want to look up . Promise ? Yes , I promise . Now , run along . Good night . Good night . Dan , I have here a nationally advertised cigarette . Now , if you 'll watch closely , I 'll put the cigarette in the palm of my left hand and make it disappear . Now , watch me . Right out through the elbow ! Pretty good , huh ? How about a little card trick ? Here you are . You like card tricks ? I have a standard deck of playing cards here . Now , if you 'll just pick any card out of the deck , any card at all . Don 't let me force the ace of spades on you . Any card . That 's it , take one of those right there . That 's fine . Now , you look at the card , remember what it is , and put it back in the deck . Okay , put it back in the deck there anywhere at all . Just slide it in there . That 's it . Put it in the ... Hey , Dan ... What goes on in here ? I don 't know . I was showing Dan some card tricks and I guess I didn 't go over so big . How 's Dr. Lawrence ? Oh , he 's much better . I made him promise to go to sleep early . What seems to be the matter with him ? Well , overwork , I guess . He was pretty nauseated and awfully weak . Sounds like somebody 's been dishing out mickeys around here . " Mickey " ? Yeah , that 's a little thing they give you when your presence is no longer required . Now , where would Uncle John get a thing like that ? Dan , I 'm ready for you . Mark , I 'm not going . There 's something wrong around here . Well , it certainly isn 't with Dr. Rigas . Dan seemed anxious enough to go in there with him . Yes , that 's just it . Dr. Rigas seems to have some sort of hold on him that the rest of us don 't know about . Oh , June , don 't go Edgar Allan Poe on me . Look , you see these tickets ? They cost $ 1.10 apiece . And when a newspaper man lays out cash for tickets , that is true love . DAN : Hurry up , will you , Doc ? You like these treatments , don 't you , Dan ? Yeah . They make me feel strong like I used to . They wear off too quick . Oh , well , we 'll fix that . Now , stretch out , please . That 's right . This is our final experiment . If we 're successful , we shall have proven a theory that will revolutionize the world , a theory that will silence completely those scoffers who babble of trivialities . And we shan 't be disturbed . I 've taken care of that . Yeah , that 's what I thought you said . Oh , I 'm sorry . Better ? Look , June , this is a big night . I 've got a lot of important things to do and say . But I can 't get started if you 're not gonna pay any attention to me . Oh , Mark , I 'm ... Now , wait a minute . Let me finish . I had this whole routine all worked out , the show , supper , a little music , you know , sort of work up to it gradual like , and now you dust me off with the first pitch . What 's the matter ? Don 't you want to go ? Well , of course I want to go . And I want the dancing and I want the supper , and most of all I want to hear what you have to say . But , Mark , I 'm worried . Take me back to the laboratory and let me check on Uncle John and Dan and make sure they 're all right , and then wind yourself up for some enthusiastic cooperation . Well , now you 've made a deal . Now you 'll do exactly as I say . Step down from there . Success . Even more than I hoped . Come . Now , point your finger at that condenser . Stop . That 's the power , the energy in you . We must conserve it . I have prepared for that . Come over here . Now ... Get into this rubber suit . It will insulate you . That will save the electricity that 's giving you your strength . With these rubber gauntlets , your power is safe . Without them , it will run from you into everything you touch . There you are ! Not Dan McCormick , but something I created . Obey my will . RIGAS : I can give you life or take it from you . Paul , what are you doing ? Finishing the experiment ! That proves once and for all that my theory of electro-biology is correct . Look ! There he stands , the shell of a man . Electrically alive , every impulse controlled by me . Come here . You must be mad . Of course , I 'm mad ! But while you were fooling with the conventions , I have conquered destiny ! Think of an army of such creatures , doing the work of the world , fighting its battles . Look at him . The worker of the future , controlled by a superior intelligence . We must assemble all the great scientists and show them this creature . We must ... Where are you going ? To call the police . You 've destroyed a human being . That 's murder . Oh , please , don 't . You 're a brother scientist , you must understand . What is one life compared to this discovery ? Oh , he 'll live , a beautiful existence . No pain , no sorrow . John , don 't ! Stop him ! Dan ! Dan , don 't you know me ? RIGAS : That 's enough . Let him go . He 's dead . You killed him . Remember that , you killed him . When they ask you , you tell them . You killed him ! Now come , I must get that power out of you . Come . Take that . You 'll remember nothing of what happened except what I told you . You killed him . I killed him . All right , sugar , take your look and let 's get going . Uncle John ! What happened ? Dr. Lawrence came into the laboratory to check the treatment I was giving our patient . I left the room for a moment . There was a crash . When I came back , our patient was choking Dr. Lawrence . I was too late to help . Do you mean to say Dan killed him ? I don 't believe it . Ask him . Dan , it 's a lie , isn 't it ? You didn 't kill Dr. Lawrence , did you ? MARK : Come on , Dan , we 're your friends . Did you kill him ? I killed him . Is Mr. Stanley in his office ? I 'll see . What is your name , please ? June Lawrence . Yeah ? SECRETARY ... Miss Lawrence to see you . Have her come in . Dr. Lawrence 's secretary . You go ahead with the preliminaries . Yes , sir . Come in , Miss Lawrence . Mr. Stanley , I want to talk to you about Dan McCormick . Of course , sit down . Now , what about Dan McCormick ? Dan didn 't kill Dr. Lawrence . Well , he 's signing a statement that says he did . I know , but Dan couldn 't kill anything . He was kind and gentle and ... Well , something has happened to change Dan completely , something terrible . Must have , to make him confess a murder he didn 't commit . Now , Miss Lawrence , your uncle died of a broken neck caused by a brutal choking . A powerful man did that . Now , you yourself admit that Dan and Dr. Rigas were alone in the laboratory at the time . Have you any reason to suspect Dr. Rigas ? ( STAMMERING ) I 'm all mixed up . Maybe Dan did kill him , but he wasn 't himself . Now , now , wait a minute . Take it easy . How long have you known Dan McCormick ? Ever since he came to work for my uncle . Get along all right together ? Been out to dances and parties and so forth ? Oh . I see what you mean . No , we 've never been out together . I 'm engaged to Mark Adams of the Globe-Dispatch . I 'm sorry I 'm not more coherent in telling my suspicions , but don 't treat this like an ordinary killing . There 's something tragic behind this . And now with this confession ... Of course , you must realize that a confession cannot be accepted by the court as conclusive evidence when the charge is first-degree murder . I still have to prove my case . I know , but you 'll introduce the confession , and it 's bound to influence the jury . Miss Lawrence , I give you my word that I will do everything I can possibly to help Dan McCormick . Then find out if Dr. Rigas has actually been following my uncle 's instructions in the laboratory . " The District Attorney , moving swiftly through the preliminaries , " promises a speedy trial in the case of Dan McCormick , " the so-called Electrical Man " accused of murdering Dr. John Lawrence noted scientist . " To expedite matters he has requested the appointment of a commission " to determine McCormick 's sanity . " Dr. Rigas , the District Attorney would like to see you . Of course , show him in . How do you do , Dr. Rigas ? We 're sorry to disturb you , sir . I wasn 't doing anything of importance . We 'd like to have you explain just what treatments Dan McCormick was undergoing , and what bearing , if any , they might have on his condition . Of course . Won 't you sit down ? No , thank you . Well , here is the case history . A complete record of the experiments and treatment given in accordance with Dr. Lawrence 's instructions . I see . Just what was the purpose of these experiments ? Dr. Lawrence was trying to determine what furnished the immunity that enabled Dan to escape electrocution in that accident . That called for quantities of electricity to be given , did it not ? No , no , no , just small amounts . Enough to maintain immunity , as that chart shows . I see . Did this application effect any change in him ? Well , he did become moody and irritable , but I can 't see what connection there is between that and the mild treatment he received here . What 's this , Doc ? Looks like an operating table . Oh , that 's an electro-thermostatic table . We 've succeeded in curing many malignant diseases with electrical heat . ( CLICKS SWITCH ) Would you care to try it ? No thanks , Doc . I 'll take your word for it . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) I wish he could tell us what he thinks . Oh , well , all dogs respond to certain vibrations . I remember at my Aunt Hattie 's house , that 's Aunt Hattie on my father 's side , she had a little dog ... Oh , it 's no use , Mark . I 'm worried and I 'm scared . I feel sure that Dr. Rigas did something to Dan . And I 'm worried about what it is , and I 'm scared that we won 't find out in time . Yeah , so am I , sugar . How about your paper ? Won 't they help ? Don 't they want to know ... Yes , if we could go to them with something definite . I tried to tell the Chief what we suspected , and he started to call a man in a white coat . Of course , of course . Anyone who commits murder must be momentarily insane . Otherwise , they wouldn 't do it . Well , Dr. Rigas , thank you for your courtesy . Don 't hesitate to call on me anytime I can be of help . Good day . Good day . Dr. Rigas ? Yes . Dan was insane , wasn 't he ? They can 't hold him legally responsible , can they ? That will be determined tomorrow . Yes , but those doctors , they ... Now , don 't worry . Dan 's interests will be taken care of . The District Attorney has invited me to be present at the examination . You have been reluctant to discuss the night of the crime . But I assure you that your reticence will not prejudice us against you . MEDICAL EXAMINER : We want you to feel perfectly at your ease . You did kill Dr. Lawrence . I killed him . Perhaps if we go back over your boyhood again , we can find some mental meeting ground . As I remember your story , you were brought up in an orphanage . There was a man there . He hit you , often . He hit you hard . He hurt you . You cried , nobody would help you . All your life , you 've been anxious to get even with him . In your mind , Dr. Lawrence was that man because he ordered the treatments that hurt you . You did get even with him , didn 't you ? You feel better . You keep telling yourself you got even . No ! I killed him . And in conclusion , I say without hesitation that the accused , Dan McCormick , suffers from acute melancholia , induced by a persecution complex ... In your opinion , then , does that make him mentally irresponsible ? In other words , is he legally insane ? On the contrary , he is decidedly sane . And definitely responsible . Thank you , Doctor . You 've already testified that you 're a newspaperman . That 's right . A feature writer ? Well , my stuff carries a byline . Then you 'd do almost anything to get a good story , wouldn 't you ? I 'd do anything I could to save an innocent man , if that 's what you mean . Thank you , that 's all . And when I returned to the laboratory , the accused was standing over the body of Dr. Lawrence . What did he say ? RIGAS : He kept repeating , " I killed him . " The cause of death was a severe dislocation and partial fracture of the third and fourth cervical vertebrae . In other words , a broken neck . That is correct . Thank you . We find the defendant guilty as charged . ... to be put to death before midnight of the 29th of May , in the manner prescribed by law . Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . This is your local reporter bringing you interesting highlights on the day 's news . First let 's consider the case of Dan McCormick the man who used to do an electrical act at fairs and sideshows . Well ironically enough the last act of his little drama will find him dying in the electric chair where all the immunity in the world won 't help him . ( CLICKS SWITCH ) All right , Dan . Well , looks like he 's on his way . Be careful . What 's the matter , getting jumpy ? I guess so . These things always get my goat . Yeah . Hello , Joe ? Well , they just went into the execution chamber . Mark 's inside to watch him go . What ? Sure , I can speak up . No , there 's nothing the matter with my voice . Did you ever cover an execution ? Well , that 's what I mean . Well , that 's that . I could do with a drink . Me , too . Hey , Charlie . What 's going on up there ? I don 't know . Joe , they gave him three shots and he 's still alive . Yeah , yeah , I know . Say , Mike , did you hear that ? Must be something wrong in there . He 's taking all they can give him . Listen to this , they can 't kill him ! He just killed two guards in the execution chamber . He just broke through , he 's headed for the yard ! Hey , did you hear that ? Don 't touch him , he 's full of electricity . He just broke through , he 'd headed for the gate ! He 's got the warden with him . No , they can 't shoot . Poor guy 's walking dead . No , the warden can 't run ! If he starts , Dan will grab him and he 'll shrivel up like a potato chip . ( MEN CHATTERING ) MAN 1 : Has anybody seen him ? MAN 2 : What did the Governor say about it ? Take it easy , boys . Have you had any trace of him since he walked out of the prison ? Boys , I 'll be absolutely frank with you . I haven 't heard a word . The experts say that he can 't live more than three hours . He broke out of prison at 11 : 15 , and right now he may be dying in some out-of-the-way spot . It may be hours before we find what 's left of him . Here 's a late bulletin on the McCormick escape . " The body of Warden Harris has been found in the woods near State Prison . " Apparently , the warden tried to get away from McCormick and was electrocuted . " McCormick is still at large , a menace to everything and everybody . " Three men died during his escape and countless others are in danger . " Stay indoors refuse him admittance to your home ( RADIO CRACKLING ) " and notify the police if you see him . " He can only live a few hours because the electricity which gives him life " is running out of his body with every step he takes . " Frank ! FRANK : Hey ! Frank ! But you can absolutely quote me as saying that the danger has passed , that the public has nothing ... Yeah ? SECRETARY ... Urgent on one . Stanley speaking . My name is Frank Davis . I 'm at the Lakeside Rod and Gun Club . A man just came out of the bushes and scared my wife . It must be that escaped convict , McCormick . Yeah ? All right . Thanks , Mr. Davis . I 'll take care of it . Sergeant , I want you to have 10 men and two squad cars downstairs in five minutes . Yes , sir . ( MEN CHATTERING ) McCormick just scared the life out of some people out at Lakeside , and he 's stolen a pair of rubber boots . Rubber boots ? Well , then he won 't die ! MAN 1 : Let me get to that phone . MAN 2 : Gangway ! Did you say Lakeside ? Yes . Well , that 's out at The Moors ! Yes ! Hey , get back ! Hey , look out ! ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( ALL CLAMORING ) Get away from them . ( NEIGHING ) Get away ! Attention all police and sheriff details , Dan McCormick convicted murderer who escaped from State Prison tonight is somewhere in the neighborhood of Oak Road and Crescent Drive The Moors . He 's headed for the laboratory ! Step on it , Regan . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( GLASS SHATTERING ) May I help you ? I was just tidying up a bit . How nice . Yes , well , I think I 'll be going . Is this what you wanted ? Go on , take it , read it . It contains the most amazing record of the extraordinary experiment that was only completed tonight when Dan McCormick walked away the electric chair . I knew you 'd done something terrible to him . Terrible ? Was it terrible that I gave him life ? I have made a great discovery , and I present it with a spectacular demonstration . Tonight the whole world will be talking about Dan McCormick . Not a handful of musty scientists , but the whole world ! You mean you deliberately let Dan go to the chair when you might have saved him ? At first I intended to , but ... Oh , no , no , no , no , no , he really killed your uncle . True , he was under my control at the time and didn 't know what he was doing , but he killed him . My efforts at controlling him , in fact , were so successful that the temptation of putting him to the supreme test grew too strong . And they give him a sanity test . Yes . Ironical , isn 't it ? Dan McCormick , as you knew him , was doomed from the first day he came into this laboratory . For years I 'd hoped to find a subject with an immunity that would enable me to test my theories . You mean you deliberately destroyed him ! I killed one human life in order to prove one great scientific truth . You know , it 's a curious fact that ever since my earliest experiments with rabbits and guinea pigs , I 've always found the female of the species was more sensitive to electrical impulse than was the male . It 's fortunate that we met here . Shall I show you how it was done ? ( SIRENS WAILING ) Dan ! Stop ! Stop ! Dan , stop ! Stop , I tell you ! Dan , stop , I tell you ! Stop ! Can 't you hear me ? Stop ! I 'll take your power from you ! ( THUDDING ) ( SIRENS WAILING ) Dan , it 's the police ! Dan , don 't run away . We know what they did to you . Here 's the book . There must be some way to cure you . Dan , please . Gordon , Logan and Mac , come with me . Sergeant , cover the grounds . Blake , Murphy , around that way . The rest of you fellows , come with me . Rigas ! Electrocuted . Dan ! Look . He 's just started across the field ! He 's carrying something . It 's a body . June ! June ! Dan ! Dan , where are you going ? Dan ! He 's gonna hit the fence ! Dan ! Listen , put me down ! He 's caught on the barbed wire . If it cuts through that rubber suit , he 's finished ! Dan ! Dan , get away from that fence ! The electricity 's running out . And when Dan carried me out of the laboratory , I held on to it . Well , has anyone else seen it ? No one alive . We can have photographs of the notebook , and photostats of the pages in Rigas ' own handwriting ! Do you think you ought to print it ? Do I think I ought to print it ? Why , this story will get me the Pulitzer Prize ! Do you want to make it possible for someone else to do what 's been done to Dan ? Well , no , but ... Yeah , I see what you mean .
