 Great scientific advances are often sudden accomplished facts before most of us are even dimly aware of them . Breathtakingly unexpected was the flash that announced the atomic age . Equally unexpected was the next stride , when man moved out of his very orbit to a point more than 20 million miles to Earth . Pepe ! Is it your desire that the fishes , they swim away ? Come on ! Pull up on the net ! Fishnets . Many big ropes to catch a little fish . Now , in Texas , that 's where one little rope , she catches a big cow ! The net , the net . Texas . - What is that ? - Mondello , you do not know of Texas ? She is a big country across the sea , near America . - That 's where the cowboys ... - Silenzio ! Look ! - We go back . - Why , Verrico ? It is a possibility that in the aircraft there may be people . But , Verrico , that is no usual aircraft . There are no people on it . Mondello , you know this thing you say ? You were perhaps inside of it ? What are we ? Children or men of the sea ? - We go back . - We go back ! Look , a hole . Pepe , the boat hook ! Mondello , you come with me . I may need your help . Why me , Verrico ? Why me ? Do you not boast to be the bravest man in all Sicily ? Come on ! - This man , he still lives . - Take him to the boat , quickly . Take him . Bring him . - Row , row , Pepe . It 's dangerous here . - Verrico ! - There may be other people inside . - Never mind the others ! Save yourself ! The oars . There must be more than two men in there . Almost certainly , Pepe , but we could not reach them . May they rest in peace . From all indications , she 's splashed in somewhere right here . Twenty thousand leagues under the sea . Perhaps not , General . Calder may have regained control . I appreciate your optimism , Doctor , but that 's the way it reads . We got a radar blip on her just off Iceland . Altitude , 200 miles . Rate of descent , what was it ? Thirty-five hundred feet per minute , sir . Another sighting by Stillman from Marseilles . Rate of decent , still 3,500 feet per minute . I 'm sorry , Doctor . That puts her right down with the fish . What makes me sick inside is that they were so close , so very close . They made it there , and almost made it back . Major Stacey speaking . Hold it . Tell the General . Mclntosh . Yes ? Where ? Is that confirmed ? Thank you . She 's down off Sicily , Doctor . Only a few kilometres off the coast of a fishing village named Gerra . - Where is it ? Gerra ... - There it is , right there . We 'll need the cooperation of the Italians , so get the State Department on the phone . Tell them we 've got a green light , and get the Italian embassy to clear a path . Tell them to roll up the red tape and put it in a drawer until this thing is over . - Yes , sir . - After that , call Transport . Tell them the Doctor and I are leaving now for Sicily . Yes , sir . Take them to the Comune di Gerra , quickly . Mondello , get a doctor , subito . Verrico , you were inside the wreck . Were only those two men aboard ? No , I was inside with Mondello . We saw one more man but it was a certainty he was dead . But , signor commissario , the ship of the air , she was so big , so vast . Surely there must have been other men inside , too . Remember everything that happened , and tell me about it slowly . The doctor is not at home . He 's at signora Martinelli 's who 's to have a bambino . Perhaps twins , as before . Who knows ? - And signor Martinelli is a very sick man . - That 's too bad . There is that doctor from Rome , travelling with his American granddaughter . - Is he still here ? - The man with the house on the wheels ? Pepe would know . Pepe ! Pepe sells him worthless shellfish , anything of no value . Sì , Verrico , you have need for me ? That old dottore from Rome , do you know where he is ? Dr. Leonardo ? He is camped on via Messina , a kilometre from the residence of signor Groppi . - Good . You know where the place is ? - Of course . Get the doctor here at once . Dr. Leonardo ! Come with me , please . Come , now . A great aircraft fell into the sea . It 's a terrible tragedy . Two men , they need you . Slowly , slowly , my friend . Do I understand there 's been an air crash and men are hurt ? The only doctor we have is with signora Martinelli who 's having twins , perhaps more . Who knows ? But I 'm afraid I wouldn 't be of any help . I 'm a doctor in zoology , not medicine . But my granddaughter , it is possible , Marisa . - You are a doctor of people with hurts ? - Not yet . Not for another year . I 'll do the best I can . Come this way . Be back as soon as I can , Grandpa . Good afternoon , my merchant friend . And what is it you wish to sell me today at an exorbitant rate , I 'm certain ? An inedible clam which you 're willing to part with for very little money , I 'm sure . Dr. Leonardo . You are a kind man . A just man . A man of much learning . A man of great wealth . A man of wealth , a professor of ... Of course , Pepe . Come on in , my Sicilian bandit , and we 'll bargain . You have 200 lire ? There 's a possibility that I have such a fortune . Tell me , let me see this great treasure of such great value . - You have 200 lire with you , in your purse ? - Yes . - That is a true fact ? - Sure , that is a true fact . But , tell me , why is your need so great and so urgent ? Because with the 200 lire , I can purchase the hat from Texas . Please , may I have my money now ? A hat from Texas ? I don 't understand you , Pepe . It is the hat the cowboys wear when they shoot the bandito . - And the man , he is dead . - Those American movies . For so great a need , Pepe , you deserve the 200 lire . Now , let me see . What you got ? Hey , I 'd better get my money 's worth or I 'm coming after you , believe me . Pepe ! - Sì , Doctor ? - Where did you find that thing ? In the water , Doctor . In the sea . I know . You want to know where you are . In Gerra . Gerra ? A village in southern Sicily . About where we figured . The others how are they ? Well , as far as I know , your aircraft is at the bottom of the sea . Whoever else was on it ... Except for this man . His condition is critical . I 'm sorry , but you 're in no condition to get out of bed . - Doctor ! Dr. Sharman ! - I must ask you to leave this man alone ! - Please . Dr. Sharman ! - He 's extremely ill . - Can you hear me ? - Go back to your bed . - Nurse , I 'm in no mood to argue with you . - I 'm not a nurse ! I 'm a doctor , or almost a doctor , and this man may be dying . All right , " almost-a-doctor . " Do you know what 's wrong with him ? - No , not exactly . - Well , I do . And I know it 's fatal . Eight of my crew have already died from it . If you must stay , stand still and be quiet . - Dr. Sharman ! Can you hear me ? - Will you please lie down ? - Are we going to make it ? Make it back ? - We are back . We are back ! - You 're suffering from exhaustion . - Quiet ! The animal specimen . - Is it all right ? - I don 't know . We crashed into the Mediterranean , and I guess it sank with the wreck . The others are dead . Make them find it . My notes . - Will you lie down ? - Nurse ! Doctor , how long can it live encased in that metal cylinder ? I 've got to know . It 's our only hope . ... cooperative , informative . Altogether , a joy and a pleasure to be around . Now , what specimen ? What fatal disease ? Would you mind telling me what this is all about ? I 'm sorry . I mean it . - But I can 't . - Can 't or won 't ? Both . He 's dead . I know . You better get some sleep . Pleasant dreams . Grandpa . Grandpa ! What is it , mia cara ? - My gloves . Where are my gloves ? - Under the table . What is it ? Where did it come from ? Pepe , the little fisher-boy . I 've never seen anything like this before . There is no scientific record of such a creature . Look at the torso . The torso is that of a human being . And the articulation of the legs . Look at it . But from where ? The cage . The cage , Marisa . Soft cloth . The flooring of the cage is rough and hard . So very ugly , and yet it seems so frightened . Come inside , mia cara . Marisa , come . What is it , Grandpa ? Come here . Come here . Observe , mia cara . Observe our strange friend . - Look how much he 's grown in a few hours . - It 's unbelievable . Think , Marisa . Think of what will be said when I bring this strange creature to the giardino zoologico in Rome . Now I 'm going to the village , and I 'm going to see the young fisher-boy and learn where in the sea he found our friend . Can you inform me of the whereabouts of Pepe ? Pepe ? He 's right over here playing like a Texas cowboy . Where ? He is gone . Yet he was here a few moments ago . I will see him tonight , and I 'll tell him to seek you tomorrow . No , tomorrow I won 't be here . I 'm just now on my way to Rome . Welcome to Gerra . May I introduce myself , General ? - I am signor Unte , commissario of police . - Thank you . This is Dr. Uhl . - It 's a pleasure . - How do you do , sir ? From Rome , I received a telegram . I am to cooperate with you . I 'm at your service , signore . If you will come with me , I will take you to Colonel Calder . He 's not badly hurt ? No , General , don 't you worry . He recovers quickly . It was all I could do to keep him from coming to meet you himself . This way , please . Congratulations , Bob ! You made it ! - First man in all history . How does it feel ? - Fine , sir , except that ... Yes , I know . It 's tragic the others died in the moment of their glory . But still , and I mean it , you deserve congratulations . Mine , too , Bob . You did a magnificent , heroic job . - Is there some place we can talk privately ? - My office is yours . This way , please . I am honoured , signore . May I introduce signor Contino from the Italian Department of State ? General Mclntosh . Colonel Calder . Dr. Uhl . How do you do , sir ? Thank you for coming so promptly , signore . And I want to thank your government for expressing its desire to cooperate . I must beg you , however , for the moment , to observe strict secrecy . It is understood . What I have to say , you will find incredible but true . Colonel Calder here has just returned from an expedition to Venus . To Venice ? Perhaps you mean " Venezia " ? To Venus . The planet Venus . - The planet Venus ? - That is correct . I was informed this matter was connected with something vast but the planet Venus ? Man 's first interplanetary voyage . On the return trip , the spaceship was crippled by a meteor . Except for Colonel Calder here , the entire crew perished . - I am grieved . - The problem that confronts us is this : Venus ' atmosphere is such that a human can 't breathe and survive for long even after using what we considered foolproof respiratory equipment . Several members of the expedition died before the others realised the danger . Dr. Sharman , the chief scientist , also became fatally ill . He died here , after the ship crashed . Fascinating . Horrible , but fascinating . Now , on that ship was a particular sealed metal container . In it is an unborn specimen of animal life on the planet . We 've got to find it . Our task is to discover in what way life is able to survive and flourish there . Not until that secret is learned can another expedition return . And return we must , for on Venus important minerals were discovered that would be of vast benefit to our civilisation . I am at your disposal , General . In what way may I assist you ? We need several divers to descend to the wreck to search for the specimen . They will be here in the morning . - Don 't you want me to drive for a while ? - No , no . Non sono stanco , grazie . I should like to speak to the two fishermen who went aboard the wreck . Of course . I have them waiting here . Now , if you will come with me , please . Verrico , Mondello , one moment of your time , please . This is Verrico and this is Mondello . They are the two men who went inside the ship before she sank . The American general wishes to speak to you of an item of great importance . We are looking for a cylinder about this high and about this round . Probably , it went down with the ship , but there 's the possibility it was knocked loose and may drift ashore somewhere today , tomorrow , who knows ? It is so important that we recover this container and its contents that I have offered the reward of a half million lire . Please spread that information ... - You will not take my hat ? - Silenzio , Pepe . The General is speaking . - Continue , General . - Wait ! What is it ? What is it you wish to say ? If I speak of the thing from the ship then you must promise me that I may keep my hat from the great country of Texas . Of course , you may keep your hat . What do you know about the container ? And there is the matter of a half million lire . How much is that ? Sufficient to purchase for me a cowboy horse like they ride in Texas ? Enough to buy many horses . What do you know about the container ? You promise to me about the hat , about the horses ? You have my promise , son . It is there . Come on , follow me . - Please , may I have my horse ? - Empty . I know where it is . The thing from inside . Where is it ? I took it to Professor Leonardo and sold it to him for 200 lire . - That 's how I have the hat from Texas . - Professor Leonardo , where is he ? He must be somewhere on the road to Messina . He said he was going to Rome . How will we find him ? How will we know him ? He drives a truck with a house that follows like a goat . A trailer . Find it quickly . I 'll wait here for the divers . Yes , sir . Come on . - Would you accompany the Colonel ? - Of course , General . Besides , I have to see a man about a horse and a half million lire . - What ? - The canvas has come loose . I 'd better stop then . You know , it occurs to me that our friend is perhaps a mutation but of what species , I do not know . Now , here , you catch this on the other side . There 's also the possibility that it might be a type of throwback toward the prehistoric and unknown . Are you hurt ? No , I don 't think so . I guess I frightened it as much as it frightened me . But its claw was so strangely hot . I beg your pardon , but you must be ... - A strange animal has escaped . - Like something you 've never seen ? Like something no one has seen before . It broke out of its cage and grabbed me by the arm . Hello , " almost-a-doctor . " This creature , tell me about it . Well , first it was this high . Then this high . Now it is tall , nearly as tall as a man . Is that the normal rate of growth ? No , not as far as I know . The only data we have is in Dr. Sharman 's notes . - Where 's the animal now ? - It fled into the woods . Let 's go . Wait . What is that creature ? Where does it come from ? I must know . We will go with you . I 'm sorry , Professor . I can 't now . Thanks for your help . It looks as though my patient has fully recovered . Carlo ! What you got , boy ? Don 't move ! Stay where you are . Let 's back out quietly . Incredible ! The creature has to be taken alive . There 's a cart outside . Would you have your men bring it in the barn ? Now , will you get me a long wooden pole ? I 've had nightmares in my time , but I 've never dreamed of anything like this . Actually , they 're not ferocious unless provoked . That poor dog must have jumped him first . That 's good . That 's just what I need . Grazie . Now , I 'm going to try and prod the creature right into that cart . If I can get him in there , be ready to shut that gate . Come on down , fellow . Jump ! Come on . Come on . Come on down . Come on . Come on ! Come on ! Get back ! Look out ! No ! Stop it ! All right , men , over this way . I don 't like it . - Colonel ? - Yeah . I hate to intrude on your private thoughts , but I 'd like to change your bandage . You 're worried about what happened today about where the creature is tonight , aren 't you ? We 'll find him . We 've got to . I guess I 've been pretty inconsiderate and self-centred . You 've had a lot on your mind . If that 's an apology , I think it went in the wrong direction . All you 've done is try to help and all I 've done is snarl at you . I hope , when this is all over , you 'll let me try to make it up to you over a table for two in a dark café . With a candle burning on the table ? And a bottle of wine . - Bob ? - Excuse me . Here 's something . Sharman wrote that the basic diet of the creatures is raw sulphur . - I remember that . - There are rich sulphur beds in Sicily . Not many kilometres from here , at the base of Mount Etna . We 'll scour the mountains at first light . If the creature 's there , we 'll recapture it . I would consider it an honour to offer the facilities of the giardino zoologico in Rome for its observation and examination . That will not be necessary , gentlemen . There is no longer an attempt to recapture the monster alive . I don 't understand . I must inform you , signore , there is no more cooperation between us . The beast must be destroyed ! It has injured one man badly , and he might kill others . My duty is to the welfare of my people . Not this crazy scientific experiment ! Signor commissario , you can 't do that ! Signor commissario , please wait . That is my position . The safety of the people in this district is my affair my primary affair . As long as I am commissario . It may be , you can have me replaced . That , of course , is your privilege . Until then , I intend to function as commissario . You are an efficient man , signore . A man of sincerity . There will be no thought of replacing you . Then I must say that at daybreak , I intend to use all means at my disposal to destroy that creature before it kills someone . But you can 't do that . Yes , sir . May I remind you that the commissario is a Sicilian police chief performing his duties ? I know that , sir , but ... But what ? Would there be any objection if Dr. Uhl and I tried to track it and take it alive ? - Before the commissario has him killed ? - Not from me . Signor Contino ? How do you propose to do this ? On Venus , we discovered by accident that these creatures are susceptible to electric shock , and that controlled voltage can paralyse them . If we could have two helicopters and a squad of armed paratroopers we might be able to drop a charged wire net on the beast . A net ! All I ask , sir , is permission to try . If this can be done before any human life is threatened the Italian government will have no objection . - Bob , you 'll have your copters . - Thank you , sir . Thank you , signore . - The hook is working fine , sir . - That 's good , Sergeant . Take those sacks of sulphur over to the other copter . We 're taking over a load of sulphur to feed our prisoner when we capture him . If the commissario doesn 't catch it first . Doc , this is like a parachute . It 's got to work the first time . Right . All right , men . Load up . Let 's go . Let 's use the back road . There 's a waterfall . We 've spotted the animal , it 's by those sulphur beds . Right . We can 't drop the net until it 's cleared . I 'll drop the sulphur now . It 's taking the bait . We 're ready to move . Okay , we 'll stand by . Another few feet and you 've got it . Drop it ! Hurry it up ! Careful . We 're ready , Doc . Jump clear . Hit it ! Maples here . No , John , nothing 's happened yet . Yes , I will . If you will all come in , please , the General will see you now . It looks like something now . Keep a line open . Good morning , ladies and gentlemen of the press . I am fully aware of the rumours that began with an air crash ten days ago off the coast of Sicily . Not until now have I received permission to make known the facts exactly as they are . This cablegram has been signed by the United States Secretary of Defence . " In the face of widespread speculation , and after consultation ... " ... with governments , the President has authorised release of all information ... " ... to press and news agencies for their immediate publication . " The airship XY-21 , which crashed into the Mediterranean Sea on the 11th ... " ... was a single-stage , astro-propelled rocket launched 13 months ago ... " ... from a site within the United States . " The rocket , with its complement of 17 men ... " ... had landed on the planet Venus . " - Venus ? - The planet Venus ? " ... had landed on the planet Venus and was on the return to Earth when the ship ... " ... plunged into the sea . " There was one survivor : Colonel Calder , seated beside me . Commander of the expedition . Some of you may have heard the story of a monster now confined in Rome 's zoo . That beast is from Venus . It is an essential object of scientific study if man is to survive the atmosphere on Venus , poisonous to humans . May we be allowed to see this creature ? I ask you to select three of your number to accompany Colonel Calder to the zoo . Those selected by you will , of course , pool their interviews with the entire press corps and we will furnish you all necessary photos . Well , I guess that 's all , and thank you for your patience . Sorry , old boy , my line . John , get this ... The size ! Eight days ago , it was about this tall . How do you account for its rate of growth ? Or is that normal on Venus ? No , it isn 't . The scientists here believe the Earth 's atmosphere has upset its metabolic rate . The more it breathes , the more tissue it builds , the bigger it gets . If you 'll follow me , please . You 've probably heard of Dr. Gerhart Blankfurt of Vienna . Probably the world 's top man in anaesthesia . It 's the doctor 's job to keep the creature unconscious during the examination . Now , you 'll note the wire running down to the creature 's wrist . Dr. Blankfurt keeps 1,800 volts of electricity coursing through the body . More voltage and it would die . Less , it would awaken . Amazing . Utterly amazing . You can get a better look at the wrist connection this way . This is Dr. Koroku of the University of Tokyo . He 's assisting Dr. Uhl . Another attempt to pry secrets from the creature , Doctor ? We hope this electro-dynamometer will enable us to complete our examination of the oral passages . Could you give us any positive statement on your progress so far , Doctor ? So far , we have come to one conclusion : The creature 's olfactory system is more highly developed than any known on this planet . We 'll find Dr. Uhl on the platform . He 's the man in charge . Sixty-seven cc 's . Correct ? They 're feeding the creature a compound of sulphur . Now , sulphur serves it as our vitamins do us . - Grandpa , will you need me anymore ? - No . You caught me unprepared . I 've been cooking over a hot creature all day . You get lovelier every time I see you . Or is it the lights in this room ? Well , next to that , I look dandy . Colonel , when you have a free moment I 'd like to tell you about the latest nightmare I 've had . They 're busy for the moment , tell me now . Well it concerns a dark café a small table , a bottle of wine . And a burning candle ? And that candle 's burning lower and lower . Pretty soon it 's going to burn out . Well , maybe if we hurry , we can find that dark café before it 's too late . Good . - Now , don 't go away . - I won 't . If you 'll come over here , please . Dr. Uhl is expecting you . Dr. Uhl , I present Miss Reynolds , United Press . Mr. Maples of Reuters . - This is monsieur Lacroix , News France . - How do you do ? General Mclntosh has told us the importance of knowing how this animal survives on Venus . We discovered the creature 's respiratory system includes sort of a fibrous filtering element which blocks out all of the poisonous vapours on Venus . Fortunately , we 've been able to duplicate that system almost exactly . It 's like a plastic sponge . It is made of one of the new synthetics . By the way there 's a rumour that gunfire has no effect on the beast . Why ? This beast has no heart and it has no lungs . It has instead a network of small tubes throughout its entire body . Hence , firearms effect no great damage . Yes , Lee ? Dynamometer is coming on the platform now . Please , right over here . Look out for those electric cables ! Look out ! Everybody , off the platform ! Come on , Doc , hurry ! - Get that power back on ! - This way , Colonel . - The power is gone . - Everyone , outside ! Fast ! Marisa ! Look ! Get that elephant out of there ! Get these people out of here ! - Where 's the nearest phone ? - There , Colonel . Yes , sir . And , General , we need some firepower , quick ! All right . As soon as I do , I 'll get there . Stay with the beast but get reports back to me if you can . Right , sir . The creature ? On the rampage ! If it isn 't stopped , it 'll kill hundreds , maybe thousands ! We 'll need artillery and tanks immediately . - It 's up one of the side streets . - I know . I hear it . Doc , take them to the embassy . - I 'm going to track it as long as I can . - Right . This is Colonel Calder , get me General Mclntosh . This is an emergency . It disappeared into the Tiber at ponte Umberto . What do you think , would hand grenades force it out ? I don 't know . I can 't tell what it 'll do or where it 'll do it . It 's worth a try . There 's an artillery unit deployed at ... The Palace of Justice across the bridge . They 'll give you all the help you need . Start blasting it , Bob . We 're moving up with another unit , on the other section of the Tiber . Yes , sir . It 's got to be down there someplace . Keep blasting . - Calder talking . - Anything there , Bob ? No , we don 't spot it here . Nothing here , either . We 've blasted the Tiber through the city for hours . Any ideas ? Hello , Bob . Do you hear me ? Do you hear me , Bob ? Come in , Bob . It 's here at ponte St. Angelo ! Ponte St. Angelo . Bob ! It 's headed towards the Colosseum . Sergeant , deploy your men . Sergeant ! Sergeant , take your men up those stairs . Up here ! There it is . Look ! Why is it always so costly for man to move from the present to the future ?
