 This a story of tomorrow , or the day after tomorrow , This a story of tomorrow , or the day after tomorrow , when men have built a station in space , when men have built a station in space , constructed in the form of a great wheel constructed in the form of a great wheel and set a thousand miles out from the Earth , and set a thousand miles out from the Earth , fixed by gravity and turning about the world every two hours , fixed by gravity and turning about the world every two hours , serving a double purpose ; serving a double purpose ; An observation post in the heavens An observation post in the heavens and a place where a spaceship can be assembled and a place where a spaceship can be assembled and then launched to explore other planets and then launched to explore other planets and the vast universe itself , and the vast universe itself , in the last and greatest adventure of mankind , in the last and greatest adventure of mankind , a plunge toward the ; a plunge toward the ; ; conquest of space ; ; conquest of space ; Rocket coming up , sir . Rocket coming up , sir . It 's the transport , right on schedule , eh , captain ? It 's the transport , right on schedule , eh , captain ? No , sir , they 're late , a minute and 33 seconds . No , sir , they 're late , a minute and 33 seconds . It 's a minute and 34 seconds , captain . It 's a minute and 34 seconds , captain . It 's not important , of course , but it could be . In celestial navigation , It 's not important , of course , but it could be . In celestial navigation , one second can be the difference between life and death . one second can be the difference between life and death . Gee , I hope they don 't forget to bring up the ice cream this time . Gee , I hope they don 't forget to bring up the ice cream this time . I thought I issued an order to the effect that food I thought I issued an order to the effect that food was never to be a subject of conversation on the Wheel . was never to be a subject of conversation on the Wheel . - I 'm sorry , sir , I forgot . - There are some men aboard - I 'm sorry , sir , I forgot . - There are some men aboard who are not permitted to enjoy the food that you eat , corporal . who are not permitted to enjoy the food that you eat , corporal . And unless you 're anxious to share their diet , And unless you 're anxious to share their diet , - I 'd advise you not to forget again . - I won 't , sir . - I 'd advise you not to forget again . - I won 't , sir . The moon , Barney . A few days , a month and we 'II be on it . The moon , Barney . A few days , a month and we 'II be on it . Do you realize , sir , that I 've been up here a full year without any leave ? Do you realize , sir , that I 've been up here a full year without any leave ? There are several of us in the same boat , Barney . There are several of us in the same boat , Barney . But I 'd only been married for three and a half months . But I 'd only been married for three and a half months . I 'm sure Linda will understand . She 's a sensible girl . I 'm sure Linda will understand . She 's a sensible girl . After all , when a girl marries a soldier ... After all , when a girl marries a soldier ... Soldier ! . Soldier ! . Ghost , you mean . Ghost , you mean . A robot spinning around the world every two hours on a tin doughnut . A robot spinning around the world every two hours on a tin doughnut . That 's what you 've been to Mother for three years That 's what you 've been to Mother for three years - and what I 'm becoming to my wife ! . - Barney ! . - and what I 'm becoming to my wife ! . - Barney ! . I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm sorry , sir . You built the Wheel , and you 're proud of it . You 've got every right to be , but ... You built the Wheel , and you 're proud of it . You 've got every right to be , but well , why me ? ... well , why me ? We were happy down there . We were happy down there . A little cottage right on the base , A little cottage right on the base , she was just beginning to furnish it , and you yank me out of it . she was just beginning to furnish it , and you yank me out of it . You belong here , Barney . You belong here , Barney . You 're my son . You 're my son . Space is your heritage . Space is your heritage . I formally request , sir , that inasmuch as service on the Wheel is voluntary I formally request , sir , that inasmuch as service on the Wheel is voluntary and I have never been accorded the privilege of volunteering , and I have never been accorded the privilege of volunteering , that I be granted permission to return to Earth on the transport rocket . that I be granted permission to return to Earth on the transport rocket . Colonel , sir , there 's a storm building up in the Pacific . Colonel , sir , there 's a storm building up in the Pacific . A real lulu . Might be a hurricane . A real lulu . Might be a hurricane . Chart it and notify all weather stations likely to be affected . Chart it and notify all weather stations likely to be affected . Yes , sir . Yes , sir . Permission denied , captain . Permission denied , captain . Somehow or another , I kind of hate to see this job get finished . Somehow or another , I kind of hate to see this job get finished . It 's like my cousin Seymour ... It 's like my cousin Seymour he 's a plastic surgeon . ... he 's a plastic surgeon . He built a face for an ugly dame once ... He built a face for an ugly dame once which turned out to be so beautiful which turned out to be so beautiful he fell in love with her ! . ... he fell in love with her ! . So off she went with the garbage collector ! . So off she went with the garbage collector ! . You afraid this beautiful ship will go off without you , Jackie ? You afraid this beautiful ship will go off without you , Jackie ? Precisely and definitely the opposite . Precisely and definitely the opposite . Well , frankly , I 'm ... I 'm frightened of going , but ... Well , frankly , I 'm ... I 'm frightened of going , but I 'm more frightened of being left behind . ... I 'm more frightened of being left behind . For what you scared ? We build this ship , so we fly it . For what you scared ? We build this ship , so we fly it . And so we get to the moon . And so we get to the moon . Who 's gonna guarantee we ever get back ? Who 's gonna guarantee we ever get back ? I 'm with Pete . I 'm with Pete . For a fat , solid year , For a fat , solid year , I been eating birdseed out of this goofy sombrero with no squawk . I been eating birdseed out of this goofy sombrero with no squawk . Now , let some other heroes take it from here ; Now , let some other heroes take it from here ; This little guinea pig ain 't going on no more joy-hops This little guinea pig ain 't going on no more joy-hops for the great Colonel Merritt ; for the great Colonel Merritt ; And if old space-happy thinks otherwise ... And if old space-happy thinks otherwise ... - ... he can take his ship and ... - And what , Sergeant Siegle ? - ... he can take his ship and ... - And what , Sergeant Siegle ? Sergeant Siegle just left , sir . Sergeant Siegle just left , sir . Roy ! . Secure that cable ! . Roy ! . Secure that cable ! . I ... I ... can 't ... move a finger . I ... I ... can 't ... move a finger . Careful . Careful . Watch out , the high voltage ! . Watch out , the high voltage ! . Grab it . Grab it . - Are you hurt ? - No , but I ... - Are you hurt ? - No , but I ... What is it , Roy ? What is the matter with you ? What is it , Roy ? What is the matter with you ? I don 't know , I 'm ... I 'm ... paralyzed . I don 't know , I 'm ... I 'm ... paralyzed . Let 's get him back to the Wheel . Taxi ! Let 's get him back to the Wheel . Taxi ! We 've got a sick man here ! We 've got a sick man here ! Gotta get him back to the Wheel ! Gotta get him back to the Wheel ! AII set . Shove off ! AII set . Shove off ! Are you feeling better , Roy ? Are you feeling better , Roy ? I 'm all right , I guess . Yeah , I 'm all right . I 'm all right , I guess . Yeah , I 'm all right . Let 's have the straight of it . What 's wrong with the lad ? Let 's have the straight of it . What 's wrong with the lad ? What 's the matter ? You sick or something ? What 's the matter ? You sick or something ? - You hurt some place ? - No , I ... - You hurt some place ? - No , I ... I just couldn 't move out there , but ... I just couldn 't move out there , but ... - ... I 'm all right . - You couldn 't move , you say ? - ... I 'm all right . - You couldn 't move , you say ? - Why not ? - I don 't know , I ... I just couldn 't . - Why not ? - I don 't know , I ... I just couldn 't . He 's all right , he told you . Leave him alone ! It ain 't important ! He 's all right , he told you . Leave him alone ! It ain 't important ! You know the colonel 's orders with you incubator babies . You know the colonel 's orders with you incubator babies . Even a pimple is important . Even a pimple is important . You bluebirds are my responsibility , and he 's reporting to the infirmary . You bluebirds are my responsibility , and he 's reporting to the infirmary . Come on , lad , I 'II take you meself . Come on , lad , I 'II take you meself . Gee , it 'd be worth taking a trip to the moon ... Gee , it 'd be worth taking a trip to the moon just to get rid of that overgrown babysitter . ... just to get rid of that overgrown babysitter . What is it , sir ? I ... I 'm all right , aren 't I ? What is it , sir ? I ... I 'm all right , aren 't I ? Of course , my boy , of course . Of course , my boy , of course . Nothing more serious than a momentary lapse of nerve function . Nothing more serious than a momentary lapse of nerve function . You 're fine . You 're fine . You believe him , sir ? I mean , this couldn 't make any difference . You believe him , sir ? I mean , this couldn 't make any difference . It 's been a whole year , sir , and after all this time , I ... I 'd hate to wash out . It 's been a whole year , sir , and after all this time , I ... I 'd hate to wash out . Well , I 'd hate to lose you , Cooper . Well , I 'd hate to lose you , Cooper . Thank you , sir . Thank you , sir . Let 's have it , Kurt . What 's really the matter with that boy ? Let 's have it , Kurt . What 's really the matter with that boy ? Oh , Cooper 's in fine condition , sir . Oh , Cooper 's in fine condition , sir . Why , you gave him a complete physical examination Why , you gave him a complete physical examination only three days ago , major . only three days ago , major . A perfect score , remember ? A perfect score , remember ? You don 't have to worry about that boy , sir , I assure you . You don 't have to worry about that boy , sir , I assure you . He was paralyzed out there , sergeant . He couldn 't move . He was paralyzed out there , sergeant . He couldn 't move . That 's something to worry about up here . That 's something to worry about up here . - What was it ? - Somatic dysphasia , - What was it ? - Somatic dysphasia , self-induced inability of the nerves to transmit brain messages . self-induced inability of the nerves to transmit brain messages . In your language , space fatigue . In your language , space fatigue . - Self-induced ? - Well , not consciously , of course . - Self-induced ? - Well , not consciously , of course . Each mind has its own limit of endurance , at which point it rebels . Each mind has its own limit of endurance , at which point it rebels . The result can be anything . The result can be anything . Simple hives , hallucination , headache , Simple hives , hallucination , headache , loss of speech , paralysis , total insanity , anything . loss of speech , paralysis , total insanity , anything . AII of us up here suffer from the same disease to some degree . AII of us up here suffer from the same disease to some degree . It is to be expected . It is to be expected . Man has never before lived in space . Man has never before lived in space . Fortunately , most of the cases are so minor they present no problem . Fortunately , most of the cases are so minor they present no problem . But Cooper ? But Cooper ? Cooper will be perfectly normal ... Cooper will be perfectly normal ... - ... as soon as you return him to Earth . - That bad ? - ... as soon as you return him to Earth . - That bad ? What he experienced was simply a warning . What he experienced was simply a warning . If it happens again , it could be permanent . If it happens again , it could be permanent . I see . I see . How about the others ? How about the others ? Andre , Imoto , excellent . Andre , Imoto , excellent . As for Siegle , Sanella and Donkersgoed ... As for Siegle , Sanella and Donkersgoed every day with them , it is a new set of horrible afflictions . ... every day with them , it is a new set of horrible afflictions . Some of them completely unknown to medical science . Some of them completely unknown to medical science . Furthermore , they all seem to have an absolute loathing for the Wheel , Furthermore , they all seem to have an absolute loathing for the Wheel , its commanding officer , its doctor , its commanding officer , its doctor , a certain Sergeant Mahoney a certain Sergeant Mahoney and the Space Corps in general . and the Space Corps in general . Everything ... with the possible exception of good food ... Everything ... with the possible exception of good food and women . ... and women . In other words , they 're normal . In other words , they 're normal . Thank you very much , major . Thank you very much , major . What 's the matter , sir , are you ill ? What 's the matter , sir , are you ill ? No . No . No , I 'm all right . No , I 'm all right . Carry on . Carry on . My Rosie ! My Rosie ! Thank heaven science ain 't found no way to put you up in capsules . Thank heaven science ain 't found no way to put you up in capsules . The future Mrs. Siegle , Pedro ! The future Mrs. Siegle , Pedro ! How 'd you Iike to paddle that around in your gondola ? How 'd you Iike to paddle that around in your gondola ? - For a wife , too skinny . - Too skinny ? - For a wife , too skinny . - Too skinny ? That 's beautiful skin , boy . That 's beautiful skin , boy . Andre , what did they say ? Andre , what did they say ? - I 'm not out , am I ? - Out of what , Roy ? - I 'm not out , am I ? - Out of what , Roy ? The Spaceship . It must have a crew . The Spaceship . It must have a crew . Now , look , Roy ... Now , look , Roy the colonel hasn 't told us definitely we are the crew . ... the colonel hasn 't told us definitely we are the crew . We don 't have to be told . We don 't have to be told . We are , you know we are . We are , you know we are . Every man on the Wheel won his place Every man on the Wheel won his place after six months of the stiffest competition in the world . after six months of the stiffest competition in the world . Each one of us were handpicked from the winners for this special duty . Each one of us were handpicked from the winners for this special duty . Who else is being conditioned as we are ? Special food , special exercise . Who else is being conditioned as we are ? Special food , special exercise . Tests , lectures ! Watched every second ! Never any leave ! Tests , lectures ! Watched every second ! Never any leave ! You fellows know how ... You fellows know how ... How tough it 's been . How tough it 's been . Now , just because I had a ... Now , just because I had a bad couple of minutes out there bad couple of minutes out there ... That 's funny , I didn 't think to have a bad couple of minutes myself . That 's funny , I didn 't think to have a bad couple of minutes myself . I don 't think we 're going no place . I don 't think we 're going no place . AII right , so we built a spaceship . AII right , so we built a spaceship . That doesn 't mean we have to fly it . That doesn 't mean we have to fly it . Hey , maybe we 're guinea pigs . Hey , maybe we 're guinea pigs . Maybe they wanna find out how much of them cosmic rays a human carcass Maybe they wanna find out how much of them cosmic rays a human carcass can absorb before we light up like Christmas trees . can absorb before we light up like Christmas trees . And at double pay , I can learn to like cosmic rays . And at double pay , I can learn to like cosmic rays . With all that loot , boy , I 'm gonna open a TV shop , With all that loot , boy , I 'm gonna open a TV shop , settle down , marry my Rosie settle down , marry my Rosie and raise a houseful of kids . and raise a houseful of kids . So if I glow a Iittle in the dark , So if I glow a Iittle in the dark , she could find me better . she could find me better . If you get that charged with cosmic rays , If you get that charged with cosmic rays , you 'd better not plan on too large a family . you 'd better not plan on too large a family . That 's a Iot of borscht . That 's a Iot of borscht . One of them cats in the lab just had a litter of seven kittens , One of them cats in the lab just had a litter of seven kittens , and she 's been up here longer than we have . and she 's been up here longer than we have . And anything a cat can do , And anything a cat can do , me and Rosie can do too . me and Rosie can do too . - Last call for dining car . - Food ! - Last call for dining car . - Food ! One ! Two ! One ! Two ! - Shall we go , gentlemen ? - Yes , Mother ! - Shall we go , gentlemen ? - Yes , Mother ! Hey , Frank ! Ten-hut ! Hey , Frank ! Ten-hut ! Be seated , gentlemen . Be seated , gentlemen . Mahoney has six little lambs Mahoney has six little lambs He has to watch their diet He has to watch their diet They helped the colonel build his ship They helped the colonel build his ship And now they have to fly it ; And now they have to fly it ; Peasants ! Peasants ! Dig in , fellas . Dig in , fellas . Space smorgasbord . Space smorgasbord . Say , pretty good today . Say , pretty good today . Corned beef , I think . Corned beef , I think . Imagine ... all the nourishment you need , Imagine ... all the nourishment you need , no mess , no bother and no waste . no mess , no bother and no waste . I think I still prefer to eat the hard way . I think I still prefer to eat the hard way . Hey , Jackie ... pass me a cup of coffee . Hey , Jackie ... pass me a cup of coffee . Cream and sugar . Cream and sugar . OK , so I volunteered . OK , so I volunteered . So I 'II eat . So I 'II eat . - What are you eating it for ? - Colonel Merritt eats it . - What are you eating it for ? - Colonel Merritt eats it . - That 's a reason ? - For 30 years , - That 's a reason ? - For 30 years , me and the colonel have been banging around together . me and the colonel have been banging around together . Korea , Africa , China , now space . Korea , Africa , China , now space . If he intends to shove off to anywhere else , If he intends to shove off to anywhere else , I ain 't giving him any excuse to leave me behind I ain 't giving him any excuse to leave me behind because I ain 't eating the proper diet . because I ain 't eating the proper diet . Some more of that corned beef , if you please . Some more of that corned beef , if you please . You feeling better , son ? You feeling better , son ? Oh ... fine . Oh ... fine . Mahoney , you know the colonel a Iot better than the rest of us . Mahoney , you know the colonel a Iot better than the rest of us . - You don 't think he 'II wash me up ... ? - Stop worrying . - You don 't think he 'II wash me up ... ? - Stop worrying . If he 's going off on an excursion , If he 's going off on an excursion , who 's he gonna take ? who 's he gonna take ? He 'II have to ask for volunteers again . He 'II have to ask for volunteers again . Us ? Us ? That son of his ? That son of his ? I happen to know by the grapevine I happen to know by the grapevine that the captain has already put in for a transfer . that the captain has already put in for a transfer . So that leaves you . So that leaves you . So I hope you and the colonel will be very happy together . So I hope you and the colonel will be very happy together . This ain 't kosher corned beef ! This ain 't kosher corned beef ! So the captain put in for transfer , did he ? So the captain put in for transfer , did he ? Well , good riddance , I say . Well , good riddance , I say . He 's a fine officer . He 's a fine officer . He doesn 't measure up to his father 's belt buckle . He doesn 't measure up to his father 's belt buckle . You know ... You know I was with the colonel the night he got the word the kid was born . ... I was with the colonel the night he got the word the kid was born . We were in Indochina . We were in Indochina . We did a Iittle bit of celebrating . We did a Iittle bit of celebrating . I remember the colonel , captain he was then , I remember the colonel , captain he was then , pointing up to the sky and said , pointing up to the sky and said , " You see that moon ? " You see that moon ? " That 's his birthday present . " That 's his birthday present . " Someday I 'm gonna give it to him . " " Someday I 'm gonna give it to him . " A balloon on a string would mean as much to the ingrate . A balloon on a string would mean as much to the ingrate . Putting in for a transfer ! Putting in for a transfer ! - This is a mistake . - No mistake . - This is a mistake . - No mistake . Compliments of Colonel Merritt . Compliments of Colonel Merritt . - Steak ! - With mushrooms , yet . - Steak ! - With mushrooms , yet . Asparagus . Asparagus . Go ahead , Roy ... dig in . Go ahead , Roy ... dig in . Looks ... Looks ... Looks delicious , doesn 't it ? Looks delicious , doesn 't it ? Go on , cut it . Cut that steak ! Go on , cut it . Cut that steak ! Man , that juice . Man , that juice . You were saying , Sergeant Brooklyn ? You were saying , Sergeant Brooklyn ? I was saying , Sergeant Imoto , I was saying , Sergeant Imoto , if it wasn 't for a certain fatheaded stool pigeon if it wasn 't for a certain fatheaded stool pigeon just waiting for me to do it ... just waiting for me to do it man , I 'd be lapping up that steak juice man , I 'd be lapping up that steak juice ... - Watch out ! - Look out ! - Watch out ! - Look out ! Meteor , sir ! Meteor , sir ! Evacuate section 34 and seal off ! Evacuate section 34 and seal off ! Switch to alternate tanks and compensators . Switch to alternate tanks and compensators . Fire all jets ... Fire all jets sporadic blasts sporadic blasts stabilize the Wheel . ... stabilize the Wheel . Boy , oh , boy , what a fortune I could make with this thing at Coney Island ! Boy , oh , boy , what a fortune I could make with this thing at Coney Island ! Boy , I 'm telling you ! Boy , I 'm telling you ! What happened to my ... ? What happened to my turkey ? What happened to my ... ? What happened to my turkey ? Landing crew ready to make fast . AII stations manned . Landing crew ready to make fast . AII stations manned . Let 's go . Let 's go . It 's OK , Mr. Fenton . Don 't be afraid . You 'II just float over . It 's OK , Mr. Fenton . Don 't be afraid . You 'II just float over . Hiya , Johnnie . Got you back on the milk run , I see . Hiya , Johnnie . Got you back on the milk run , I see . Yeah . Somebody 's got to service this box kite . Yeah . Somebody 's got to service this box kite . - Brought you a visitor . Doctor ... - Dr. Fenton . Nice to see you . - Brought you a visitor . Doctor ... - Dr. Fenton . Nice to see you . The colonel 's expecting you , sir . If you 'd Iike to freshen up first ... The colonel 's expecting you , sir . If you 'd Iike to freshen up first ... Thanks , later . If it 's possible , I 'd better see the colonel at once . Thanks , later . If it 's possible , I 'd better see the colonel at once . Of course . Take charge of the new men , lieutenant . Of course . Take charge of the new men , lieutenant . This way , sir . This way , sir . Come in . Come in . George . George . Thank heaven they sent you . Thank heaven they sent you . How are you , boy ? How are you , boy ? A bit rocky , but all right otherwise . A bit rocky , but all right otherwise . - And you , Sam ? - Oh , fit as a fiddle . - And you , Sam ? - Oh , fit as a fiddle . It 's against regulations to feel any other way on the Wheel . It 's against regulations to feel any other way on the Wheel . - My own orders . Come on , sit down . - Thanks , I will . - My own orders . Come on , sit down . - Thanks , I will . I didn 't know until a half hour ago that they were sending you up . I didn 't know until a half hour ago that they were sending you up . You remember my son , Barney , don 't you ? You remember my son , Barney , don 't you ? Dr. Fenton helped to plan every detail of this Wheel , Barney . Dr. Fenton helped to plan every detail of this Wheel , Barney . They thought we were insane then , didn 't they , George ? They thought we were insane then , didn 't they , George ? Well , frankly , I thought so too ... Well , frankly , I thought so too but here it is . You put it up here . ... but here it is . You put it up here . You know , for once , the International Authority has really sent up somebody You know , for once , the International Authority has really sent up somebody who knows what it 's all about . who knows what it 's all about . And since you are one of the geniuses responsible for that ... monstrosity , And since you are one of the geniuses responsible for that ... monstrosity , would you mind telling me what it is ? would you mind telling me what it is ? We assembled this thing piece by piece as it came up , We assembled this thing piece by piece as it came up , according to your brilliant specifications . according to your brilliant specifications . It 's a masterpiece of technology and electronics . It 's a masterpiece of technology and electronics . But it doesn 't make one particle of sense . But it doesn 't make one particle of sense . - In just what way do you mean ? - Well , here . - In just what way do you mean ? - Well , here . Take these wings , for instance . Take these wings , for instance . What in blazes are wings doing on this ship ? What in blazes are wings doing on this ship ? - There 's no atmosphere on the moon . - The moon ? - There 's no atmosphere on the moon . - The moon ? And this booster . AII that power . And this booster . AII that power . What are we gonna do , go up to the moon , or going through it ? What are we gonna do , go up to the moon , or going through it ? Or maybe we 're supposed to tow it back with us Or maybe we 're supposed to tow it back with us so those bright boys from every nation on Earth so those bright boys from every nation on Earth can have a better look at it . Is that the idea ? can have a better look at it . Is that the idea ? Working for one government was bad enough , Working for one government was bad enough , but now we 've got all of them on our backs . but now we 've got all of them on our backs . I think you 'd better read your orders ... I think you 'd better read your orders general . ... general . - General ? - Your promotion - General ? - Your promotion is among these dispatches . is among these dispatches . Congratulations , sir . A general ! Congratulations , sir . A general ! Your orders , Sam . Your orders , Sam . And for you , captain , your transfer . And for you , captain , your transfer . You 'II be attached to Muroc , I believe , as you requested . You 'II be attached to Muroc , I believe , as you requested . You can return with me , if you Iike . You can return with me , if you Iike . Mars ? Mars ? Mars , sir ? Mars , sir ? George , this is fantastic . George , this is fantastic . No more so than going to the moon . No more so than going to the moon . Mars isn 't the moon . Mars isn 't the moon . There 's a slight difference of ... There 's a slight difference of several million miles . ... several million miles . Not one word . Not one word . No warning . No warning . Just ... take off and leave ! Just ... take off and leave ! It 's just across the solar system . It 's just across the solar system . I tell you we 're not ready , George . I tell you we 're not ready , George . Why wasn 't I consulted ? Why wasn 't I consulted ? We only reached the decision yesterday . We only reached the decision yesterday . There was some discussion about your age , There was some discussion about your age , and , well , General Cronin convinced the Authority ... and , well , General Cronin convinced the Authority ... And who convinced Cronin ? You ? And who convinced Cronin ? You ? A long time ago , the Supreme Council issued an order A long time ago , the Supreme Council issued an order that the final objective of this project was to be the planet Mars . that the final objective of this project was to be the planet Mars . You were present at all those discussions . You were present at all those discussions . The moon was never anything more than just a test hop . The moon was never anything more than just a test hop . Now the orders are to eliminate the test and proceed with the original plan . Now the orders are to eliminate the test and proceed with the original plan . Time makes it imperative . Time makes it imperative . There 's only one man who can take that ship to another planet There 's only one man who can take that ship to another planet and bring it back , and bring it back , the man who built the Wheel . the man who built the Wheel . To gamble the lives of a crew of men ... To gamble the lives of a crew of men on as senseless a mission as this on as senseless a mission as this is callous . It 's stupid ! ... is callous . It 's stupid ! Stupid or callous it may seem to be at this time . Stupid or callous it may seem to be at this time . It is not senseless . It is not senseless . Man 's very survival on Earth Man 's very survival on Earth depends upon the success of this or some future search depends upon the success of this or some future search for a new source of raw materials . for a new source of raw materials . General Samuel T. Merritt . General Samuel T. Merritt . A very imposing title ... A very imposing title for a tombstone . ... for a tombstone . The orders are naturally contingent to your acceptance , general . The orders are naturally contingent to your acceptance , general . You can refuse . You can refuse . When do we leave ? When do we leave ? You 're going ? You 're going ? I 've never refused to obey an order , captain . I 've never refused to obey an order , captain . I never have either , sir ... I never have either , sir until now . ... until now . When do we leave ? When do we leave ? Our previous orders were to leave the Wheel ... Our previous orders were to leave the Wheel proceed to the moon proceed to the moon orbit for observation , make a landing and return to base . ... orbit for observation , make a landing and return to base . These orders have now been cancelled . These orders have now been cancelled . We 're not going to the moon . We 're not going to the moon . Mr. Fenton has brought us a new directive . Mr. Fenton has brought us a new directive . Our time of departure will be 1 1 : 36 tomorrow morning . Our time of departure will be 1 1 : 36 tomorrow morning . Our destination , the planet Mars . Our destination , the planet Mars . Now , that time of departure , both for the outer trip from the Wheel to Mars Now , that time of departure , both for the outer trip from the Wheel to Mars and for the return from Mars to the Wheel , is most important . and for the return from Mars to the Wheel , is most important . We must arrive at the Martian orbit We must arrive at the Martian orbit at the exact time when it is occupied by the planet . at the exact time when it is occupied by the planet . Obviously , the same precision of timing applies for our return . Obviously , the same precision of timing applies for our return . Now , you five men have been chosen Now , you five men have been chosen after intensive competitive examinations . after intensive competitive examinations . For the past year , you have been receiving For the past year , you have been receiving special training and instruction special training and instruction for travel into outer space . for travel into outer space . The ship , however , can accommodate only two officers and three crew men . The ship , however , can accommodate only two officers and three crew men . I have been assigned as commanding officer . I have been assigned as commanding officer . AII other service on this trip will be voluntary . AII other service on this trip will be voluntary . Since Captain Merritt has already volunteered , Since Captain Merritt has already volunteered , there are only three berths left open . there are only three berths left open . Two of you , then , are going to be disappointed . Two of you , then , are going to be disappointed . I can take it , sir . I can take it , sir . Before I ask for volunteers , I should like to state my own preferences . Before I ask for volunteers , I should like to state my own preferences . You 're all fine men . You 're all fine men . Final selection will be made on the basis of special qualifications . Final selection will be made on the basis of special qualifications . - Sergeant Siegle . - Yes , sir ? - Sergeant Siegle . - Yes , sir ? I don 't think there 's a man on the Wheel I don 't think there 's a man on the Wheel with less formal education than you possess . with less formal education than you possess . Yes , sir . I 'm sure ignorant , sir . Yes , sir . I 'm sure ignorant , sir . Nor one with a better knowledge of advanced electronics . Nor one with a better knowledge of advanced electronics . I should like to have you along . I should like to have you along . Sergeant Imoto ... Sergeant Imoto you 're a graduate of Osaka University , ... you 're a graduate of Osaka University , with two years of postgraduate work at the Colorado School of Mines . with two years of postgraduate work at the Colorado School of Mines . That knowledge is valuable . That knowledge is valuable . Sergeant Fodor , two years of medicine in Vienna , right ? Sergeant Fodor , two years of medicine in Vienna , right ? You 're both needed . You 're both needed . Before any of you accept , I should like to make it unmistakably clear ... Before any of you accept , I should like to make it unmistakably clear that the dangers of this journey are above and beyond anything ... that the dangers of this journey are above and beyond anything that the Space Corps or your own governments that the Space Corps or your own governments have any right to ask of you . have any right to ask of you . I can give you confounded little reason for this attempt to reach Mars ... I can give you confounded little reason for this attempt to reach Mars and no assurance at all that it will even be successful . ... and no assurance at all that it will even be successful . It 's my personal conviction that no one but an idiot would volunteer . It 's my personal conviction that no one but an idiot would volunteer . And I shall strongly suspect the sanity of anyone who does . And I shall strongly suspect the sanity of anyone who does . AII right . AII right . We 've all got it straight . Who wants to go ? We 've all got it straight . Who wants to go ? Is it permitted to disagree with the general , sir ? Is it permitted to disagree with the general , sir ? Of course , sergeant . Of course , sergeant . In my humble opinion , sir , there is an excellent reason for this voyage . In my humble opinion , sir , there is an excellent reason for this voyage . Well , suppose you tell us about it . Well , suppose you tell us about it . Some years ago , my country chose to fight a terrible war . Some years ago , my country chose to fight a terrible war . It was bad . I do not defend it . It was bad . I do not defend it . But there were reasons . But there were reasons . Somehow those reasons are never spoken of . Somehow those reasons are never spoken of . To the Western world at that time , To the Western world at that time , Japan was a fairy-book nation . Japan was a fairy-book nation . Little people living in a strange land of rice-paper houses . Little people living in a strange land of rice-paper houses . People who had almost no furniture ... People who had almost no furniture who sat on the floor and ate with chopsticks . ... who sat on the floor and ate with chopsticks . The quaint houses of rice paper , sir , The quaint houses of rice paper , sir , they were made of paper because there was no other material available . they were made of paper because there was no other material available . And the winters in Japan are as cold as they are in Boston . And the winters in Japan are as cold as they are in Boston . And the chopsticks ? And the chopsticks ? There was no metal for forks and knives and spoons , There was no metal for forks and knives and spoons , where slivers of wood could suffice . where slivers of wood could suffice . So it was with the little people of Japan , So it was with the little people of Japan , little as I am now . little as I am now . Because for countless generations , Because for countless generations , we have not been able to produce the food to make us bigger . we have not been able to produce the food to make us bigger . Japan 's yesterday will be the world 's tomorrow . Japan 's yesterday will be the world 's tomorrow . Too many people and too little land . Too many people and too little land . That is why I say , sir , there is urgent need for us to reach Mars ... That is why I say , sir , there is urgent need for us to reach Mars to provide the resources the human race will need to provide the resources the human race will need if they are to survive . ... if they are to survive . That is also why I am most grateful to be found acceptable , sir . That is also why I am most grateful to be found acceptable , sir . I volunteer . I volunteer . Thank you , Sergeant Imoto . Thank you , Sergeant Imoto . You 're not a Iittle man . You 're not a Iittle man . Anyone else ? Anyone else ? Look , general , sir ... Look , general , sir you wouldn 't want these helpless infants along on a mission like this . ... you wouldn 't want these helpless infants along on a mission like this . Now , a couple of tough old soldiers like ourselves ... Now , a couple of tough old soldiers like ourselves ... You 're not going , Mahoney . You 're not going , Mahoney . I 'm within me rights to demand a reason . I 'm within me rights to demand a reason . You 're 20 years too old . You 're 20 years too old . Too old ? Too old ? I am three months younger than you , Sam Merritt , I am three months younger than you , Sam Merritt , and with twice the endurance . Who was it carried you and with twice the endurance . Who was it carried you on his back for seven miles after the battle of bloody Hill in 1952 , on his back for seven miles after the battle of bloody Hill in 1952 , when all the breath you had left in you wasn 't enough to blow out a candle when all the breath you had left in you wasn 't enough to blow out a candle - in a Halloween pumpkin ! - Now , I said no , Mahoney . - in a Halloween pumpkin ! - Now , I said no , Mahoney . Now , you angled your way onto this Wheel against my specific orders , Now , you angled your way onto this Wheel against my specific orders , and you 're not gonna bull your way onto the Spaceship . and you 're not gonna bull your way onto the Spaceship . And if you say another word , And if you say another word , I 'm gonna have you thrown into solitary for a month . I 'm gonna have you thrown into solitary for a month . And tied to a wheelchair when you get out . And tied to a wheelchair when you get out . I 'II go , sir . I 'II go , sir . Well , sir ... Well , sir ... Well , I 'd hate to see everybody eat with chopsticks , so ... Check ! Well , I 'd hate to see everybody eat with chopsticks , so ... Check ! To you men , our thanks , To you men , our thanks , for your patience and all your sacrifices . for your patience and all your sacrifices . The Earth rocket leaves in two hours . Get packed , huh ? The Earth rocket leaves in two hours . Get packed , huh ? Dismissed . Dismissed . - Speechmaker . - Chopstick . - Speechmaker . - Chopstick . Get down in front ! Get down in front ! I 'm mad about a sheik I 'm mad about a sheik I must have his embrace I must have his embrace When he 's near me Dear me When he 's near me Dear me I 'll tell him to his face I 'll tell him to his face Oh , Ali Baba , be my baby Oh , Ali Baba , be my baby Take me by the hand Take me by the hand Maybe we 'll make love , huh , maybe On the desert sand Maybe we 'll make love , huh , maybe On the desert sand On the desert sand On the desert sand Come into my tent Come into my tent No . No . - We couldn 't have that kind of luck . - Ali Baba , sell your harem - We couldn 't have that kind of luck . - Ali Baba , sell your harem Why pay all that rent ? Why pay all that rent ? - Or could we ? - Send your harem , harum-scarum - Or could we ? - Send your harem , harum-scarum - After all , if there 's life ... - Come into my tent - After all , if there 's life ... - Come into my tent ... there 's always the female of the species . ... there 's always the female of the species . Forget the lady waiting in Persia I 'm the girl who really prefers you Forget the lady waiting in Persia I 'm the girl who really prefers you - Yes , but what species ? - When a dreamy melody stirs you - Yes , but what species ? - When a dreamy melody stirs you - You just come to me - Yeah . - You just come to me - Yeah . Shimmy dancers doing it socko Try to tempt you back in Morocco Shimmy dancers doing it socko Try to tempt you back in Morocco But I 'll chase them off of the block Oh , you belong to me But I 'll chase them off of the block Oh , you belong to me Ali Baba , be my baby Ali Baba , be my baby I 'm at your command I 'm at your command Maybe make some love , huh , maybe On the desert sand Maybe make some love , huh , maybe On the desert sand On the desert sand On the desert sand On the desert sand On the desert sand We interrupt this program to take you now to the press room We interrupt this program to take you now to the press room of the Trans - World Communications in New York City ; of the Trans - World Communications in New York City ; Ladies and gentlemen , it has just been revealed Ladies and gentlemen , it has just been revealed by the security office of the Supreme International Space Authority by the security office of the Supreme International Space Authority that within the next 24 hours , exact time to be given later , that within the next 24 hours , exact time to be given later , Man 's first spaceship , Man 's first spaceship , built and commanded by General Samuel Merritt , built and commanded by General Samuel Merritt , will blast off on the most fabulous voyage will blast off on the most fabulous voyage ever conceived by the human mind ; ever conceived by the human mind ; Their destination is the planet Mars ; Their destination is the planet Mars ; - Mars ? You guys ? - Mars ? Wow . - Mars ? You guys ? - Mars ? Wow . You want our autographs , peasants ? You want our autographs , peasants ? We take you now to our permanent station on Mount Palomar ; We take you now to our permanent station on Mount Palomar ; There they are , ladies and gentlemen , the satellite and the Spaceship ; There they are , ladies and gentlemen , the satellite and the Spaceship ; The dream of all mankind come true ; The dream of all mankind come true ; The moment is almost here ; The moment is almost here ; The moment for that creation of the Wheel The moment for that creation of the Wheel to launch out into limitless space to launch out into limitless space to carry five heroic men to a new planet and to immortality ; to carry five heroic men to a new planet and to immortality ; And now , ladies and gentlemen , please stand by And now , ladies and gentlemen , please stand by while we close our circuits for the final special event of the evening : while we close our circuits for the final special event of the evening : A private last look at the world for the heroic men of the Wheel alone ; A private last look at the world for the heroic men of the Wheel alone ; Take it away , Vienna ; Take it away , Vienna ; So meine Gnädigste , darf ich bitten jetzt zum Mikrofon zu kommen ; So meine Gnädigste , darf ich bitten jetzt zum Mikrofon zu kommen ; Jetzt ist der Moment ; Bitte etwas näher , etwas näher ; Jetzt ist der Moment ; Bitte etwas näher , etwas näher ; This lady is Mrs ; Heinz Fodor , gentlemen , This lady is Mrs ; Heinz Fodor , gentlemen , the mother of Andre Fodor ; the mother of Andre Fodor ; So und jetzt bitte sprechen Sie ganz ungeniert So und jetzt bitte sprechen Sie ganz ungeniert da hinaus , sehr liebenswürdig von Ihnen ; da hinaus , sehr liebenswürdig von Ihnen ; Dankeschön ; Dankeschön ; Andre ; Andre ; Andre , my boy , this is your mother ; Andre , my boy , this is your mother ; Can you hear me ? Can you hear me ? What you are doing must be good ; What you are doing must be good ; You are a good boy ; You are a good boy ; Please , Andre , be careful ; Please , Andre , be careful ; God watch over you , my boy , and bring you back to me ; God watch over you , my boy , and bring you back to me ; Darf ich bitten ; Darf ich bitten ; And now ; Now we take you back to New York ; And now ; Now we take you back to New York ; Miss Rosalie McCann , Miss Rosalie McCann , who has something to say to Sergeant Siegle before he leaves ; who has something to say to Sergeant Siegle before he leaves ; Rosie ! Rosie ! - Hello , Jackie ; - Wow ! - Hello , Jackie ; - Wow ! Mine , all mine ! Mine , all mine ! Do you miss me , Jackie , baby ? Do you miss me , Jackie , baby ? I miss you , honeypot ; I miss you , honeypot ; You 've been away a long time , Jackie , You 've been away a long time , Jackie , but where love is concerned , what 's a year this way or that but where love is concerned , what 's a year this way or that when the flame of love is burning ? when the flame of love is burning ? And it 's burning , Jackie , right here , forever ; And it 's burning , Jackie , right here , forever ; In here , too , Rosie , baby . In here , too , Rosie , baby . For me , there never could be anyone else but you ; For me , there never could be anyone else but you ; Never , ever , ever ; Never , ever , ever ; - Rosie ; - In a minute ; In a minute ; - Rosie ; - In a minute ; In a minute ; So I won 't say goodbye , Jackie , just farewell ; So I won 't say goodbye , Jackie , just farewell ; - Rosie ; Hey , come on ; - Please , Sidney ; - Rosie ; Hey , come on ; - Please , Sidney ; In a minute ; In a minute ; Sidney ! Sidney ! I gotta hurry now , Jackie ; I gotta hurry now , Jackie ; - Mama 's waiting ; - Mama ! - Mama 's waiting ; - Mama ! Oh ! Oh ! Bye now ; Bye now ; Don 't forget to bring your Rosie back a nice souvenir from Mars ; Don 't forget to bring your Rosie back a nice souvenir from Mars ; Souvenir ! You two-timing tomato ! Souvenir ! You two-timing tomato ! For that Sidney I got a souvenir ! Come on out , you rat ! For that Sidney I got a souvenir ! Come on out , you rat ! I 'II fight you . I 'II throttle you . That 's what I 'II do . I 'II fight you . I 'II throttle you . That 's what I 'II do . Holding 20,000 miles per hour , sir . Holding 20,000 miles per hour , sir . - Set your gyros for Mars . - Yes , sir . - Set your gyros for Mars . - Yes , sir . On course , captain ? On course , captain ? On course . On course . - You were saying , Sergeant Brooklyn ? - I was saying , Sergeant Imoto , - You were saying , Sergeant Brooklyn ? - I was saying , Sergeant Imoto , that the next time , I am definitely gonna try the train . that the next time , I am definitely gonna try the train . You men can get out of those couches now . You men can get out of those couches now . We won 't need them again till we land on Mars . We won 't need them again till we land on Mars . Ain 't that just grand , sergeant ? Ain 't that just grand , sergeant ? Nothing to worry about for millions and millions of miles . Nothing to worry about for millions and millions of miles . Spaceship , Wheel calling ; Come in ; Over ; Spaceship , Wheel calling ; Come in ; Over ; Spaceship One to the Wheel . Come in , Wheel . Over . Spaceship One to the Wheel . Come in , Wheel . Over . Hello , Spaceship One ; Professor Fenton for General Merritt ; Hello , Spaceship One ; Professor Fenton for General Merritt ; General , sir . General , sir . - How are we doing , George ? - Good , general ; - How are we doing , George ? - Good , general ; You 're getting a bigger push from Earth than we anticipated , however ; You 're getting a bigger push from Earth than we anticipated , however ; Is our cotangential orbit correct ? Is our cotangential orbit correct ? We 're computing it now ; Keep your radio open ; We 're computing it now ; Keep your radio open ; We 'll be in constant communication as long as possible ; We 'll be in constant communication as long as possible ; Incidentally , TWC has OK 'd relay broadcasts for morale ; Incidentally , TWC has OK 'd relay broadcasts for morale ; Your boys like to hear some mood music ? Your boys like to hear some mood music ? Thanks . Thanks . For this mood , there is no music . For this mood , there is no music . - Stand by the radio . - Yes , sir . - Stand by the radio . - Yes , sir . Sergeant Imoto , Sergeant Fodor , Sergeant Imoto , Sergeant Fodor , go aft and check the tailpipe temperatures . go aft and check the tailpipe temperatures . Look at him . He 's off again . Look at him . He 's off again . We went to a Iot of trouble to develop those magnetized shoes . We went to a Iot of trouble to develop those magnetized shoes . Now , you get back into them and keep them zipped up . Now , you get back into them and keep them zipped up . We 'II have no unnecessary floating aboard this ship . We 'II have no unnecessary floating aboard this ship . No , sir . No , sir . General ! Look ! General ! Look ! Grab him . Grab him . Put him over there . Put him over there . Mahoney ! Mahoney ! Don 't just stand there . Get some water . Don 't just stand there . Get some water . Yes , sir . Yes , sir . Of all the stupid , harebrained things to do . Of all the stupid , harebrained things to do . Stowing away on a spaceship . Stowing away on a spaceship . What a beating he must have taken during the blastoff . What a beating he must have taken during the blastoff . Wake up , you insubordinate Iunatic . Wake up , you insubordinate Iunatic . Thirty years in the Army and still too brainless to obey an order . Thirty years in the Army and still too brainless to obey an order . Wake up , so I can have you shot . Wake up , so I can have you shot . He 's coming to . He 's coming to . What are you doing aboard this ship ? What are you doing aboard this ship ? You forgot your toothbrush . You forgot your toothbrush . I don 't remember you reading the Bible so often , sir . I don 't remember you reading the Bible so often , sir . It 's the one book you never really get through reading . It 's the one book you never really get through reading . Man 's every move , his every thought , his every action Man 's every move , his every thought , his every action is in there somewhere , is in there somewhere , recorded or predicted . recorded or predicted . Every move except this one . Every move except this one . According to the Bible , Man was created on the Earth . According to the Bible , Man was created on the Earth . Nothing is ever mentioned of his going to other planets . Nothing is ever mentioned of his going to other planets . Not one blessed word . Not one blessed word . At the time the Bible was written , At the time the Bible was written , it wouldn 't have made much sense , would it ? it wouldn 't have made much sense , would it ? Does it now ? Does it now ? The Biblical limitations of Man 's wanderings The Biblical limitations of Man 's wanderings are set down as being the four corners of the Earth . are set down as being the four corners of the Earth . Not Mars or Jupiter or infinity . Not Mars or Jupiter or infinity . The question is , Barney , what are we ? The question is , Barney , what are we ? Explorers ... Explorers or invaders ? ... or invaders ? Invaders ? Invaders ? Of what , sir ? Of what , sir ? Of the sacred domain of God ... Of the sacred domain of God his heavens . ... his heavens . To Man , God gave the Earth . To Man , God gave the Earth . Nothing else . Nothing else . But this taking of ... Of other planets ... But this taking of ... Of other planets it 's almost like an act of blasphemy . ... it 's almost like an act of blasphemy . But why ? They belong to no one else . But why ? They belong to no one else . We don 't know that . We don 't know that . But , look , sir , it couldn 't be just an accident But , look , sir , it couldn 't be just an accident that at the very time when Man 's resources on Earth that at the very time when Man 's resources on Earth are reaching an end , are reaching an end , Man develops the ability to leave his own world Man develops the ability to leave his own world and seek replenishment on other planets . and seek replenishment on other planets . The timing is what fascinates me . The timing is what fascinates me . It 's too perfect to be accidental . It 's too perfect to be accidental . Those other planets might already be tenanted . Those other planets might already be tenanted . I don 't think so . I don 't think so . The universe was put here for Man to conquer . The universe was put here for Man to conquer . I don 't know . I don 't know . I ... I just don 't know . I ... I just don 't know . Why don 't you try to get a Iittle sleep , sir ? Why don 't you try to get a Iittle sleep , sir ? Huh ? Oh . Huh ? Oh . Yes , I ... Yes , I ... I think I will . I think I will . Good night , Barney . Good night , Barney . Good night , Father . Good night , Father . Topside viewer 's jammed . Can 't move it . Topside viewer 's jammed . Can 't move it . Sergeant Siegle , Sergeant Fodor , get out there and free that pickup . Sergeant Siegle , Sergeant Fodor , get out there and free that pickup . Out , sir ? Out , sir ? But the ship is going 20,000 miles an hour , sir . But the ship is going 20,000 miles an hour , sir . So are you , sergeant . You won 't fall off . So are you , sergeant . You won 't fall off . The operation 's the same as it would be on the Wheel . Get going . The operation 's the same as it would be on the Wheel . Get going . - Yes , sir . - Yes , sir . - Yes , sir . - Yes , sir . Look at her . Look at her . If we ever get back , If we ever get back , you know what business I 'm really going into ? you know what business I 'm really going into ? Real estate . Real estate . Cut out that chit-chat up there and fix that pickup ; Cut out that chit-chat up there and fix that pickup ; Yes , sir . Yes , sir . That 's what I Iove about this job , the privacy . That 's what I Iove about this job , the privacy . Try it now , sir . Try it now , sir . It 's OK now . It 's OK now . You men go forward . You men go forward . Asteroid , dead astern . Asteroid , dead astern . Come on , Iet 's get inside before they throw something else at us . Come on , Iet 's get inside before they throw something else at us . Meteor fragments . Meteor fragments . He 's been hit ! He 's been hit ! Sergeant Siegle , return to the air lock at once . That 's an order . Sergeant Siegle , return to the air lock at once . That 's an order . - Give him a hand . - Yes , sir . - Give him a hand . - Yes , sir . - Mahoney . - Yes , sir . - Mahoney . - Yes , sir . Say , if anybody 'd Iike some hot coffee ... Say , if anybody 'd Iike some hot coffee I could heat up a couple of tins . ... I could heat up a couple of tins . Get lost , Fodor . Get lost , Fodor . Get lost , will you ? Get lost , will you ? Get lost . Get lost . Get lost . Get lost ! Get lost . Get lost ! Take it easy , lad . Take it easy , lad . He can 't hear you . He can 't hear you . Sir , shouldn 't someone go out there and ... ? Sir , shouldn 't someone go out there and ... ? " O Lord , " O Lord , " rebuke me not , " rebuke me not , " nor chasten me in thy hot displeasure . " nor chasten me in thy hot displeasure . " For thine arrows stick fast in me , and thy hand presseth me sore . " For thine arrows stick fast in me , and thy hand presseth me sore . " There is no soundness in my flesh " There is no soundness in my flesh " because of thine anger , " because of thine anger , " and there is no rest in my bones " and there is no rest in my bones " because of my sin . " because of my sin . " Make haste " Make haste " to help me , O Lord ... " to help me , O Lord ... " ... my salvation . " " ... my salvation . " Wheel calling Spaceship ; Wheel calling Spaceship ; Wheel calling Spaceship ; Wheel calling Spaceship ; Come in , over ; Come in , over ; The Wheel . They 're trying to get us . The Wheel . They 're trying to get us . Spaceship to Wheel , we hear you . Spaceship to Wheel , we hear you . We hear you . Come in . We hear you . Come in . Over . Over . - Lost them . - No , it takes time . - Lost them . - No , it takes time . Millions of miles . Millions of miles . Spaceship to Wheel , we hear you . Spaceship to Wheel , we hear you . We hear you . Come in . We hear you . Come in . Come in . Over . Come in . Over . Spaceship to Wheel . Spaceship to Wheel . Come in , come in . Come in , come in . Over . Over . Getting bigger all the time , isn 't it , sir ? Getting bigger all the time , isn 't it , sir ? Yes , sergeant . Yes , sergeant . The planet and the blasphemy . The planet and the blasphemy . The what , sir ? The what , sir ? Spaceship ; Spaceship ; Spaceship ; Spaceship ; Wheel calling Spaceship ; Wheel calling Spaceship ; This is Fenton ; This is Fenton ; We 've been calling you constantly for weeks ; We 've been calling you constantly for weeks ; Come in ; Over ; Come in ; Over ; Spaceship to Wheel . This is Captain Merritt . Spaceship to Wheel . This is Captain Merritt . Standby for the general . Standby for the general . General , sir , the Wheel . General , sir , the Wheel . Merritt speaking . Merritt speaking . Here 's the report : Here 's the report : Lost course for several days Lost course for several days due to near collision with asteroid . due to near collision with asteroid . But we can still reach destination as plotted , But we can still reach destination as plotted , which may be Mars ... which may be Mars or hell . ... or hell . This voyage is a cursed abomination . This voyage is a cursed abomination . If it were possible , I 'd come back now , return the ship to Earth If it were possible , I 'd come back now , return the ship to Earth - and blow it up ! - General , please . - and blow it up ! - General , please . Together with all plans in existence for building another . Together with all plans in existence for building another . We 're committing Man 's greatest sacrilege ! We 're committing Man 's greatest sacrilege ! And we can 't stop . And we can 't stop . Professor , the general isn 't well . Fatigue . Professor , the general isn 't well . Fatigue . He 's been suffering from severe headaches and insomnia . He 's been suffering from severe headaches and insomnia . He 's very tired , almost exhausted . He 's very tired , almost exhausted . We lost a crew member , Andre Fodor , struck by a meteor . We lost a crew member , Andre Fodor , struck by a meteor . The general took it very hard . I 'm sure it 's only temporary . The general took it very hard . I 'm sure it 's only temporary . He 'II be all right , don 't worry . He 'II be all right , don 't worry . Everything else is under control . Everything else is under control . Hey , you guys , we 're in trouble . Hey , you guys , we 're in trouble . - Off our course ? - No , the general . - Off our course ? - No , the general . You ought to hear the blast he just threw at the Wheel . You ought to hear the blast he just threw at the Wheel . Not just that Bible talk he 's been spouting lately . Not just that Bible talk he 's been spouting lately . Crazy stuff . Crazy stuff . Things like blowing up the ship . Things like blowing up the ship . Things like that . Things like that . Gone . Gone . Just like Cooper . Just like Cooper . Listen , you slimy little calumniator . Listen , you slimy little calumniator . If you were one-tenth the man the general is , If you were one-tenth the man the general is , you 'd be twice the man you are . you 'd be twice the man you are . What he says or how he acts is not for you to criticize . What he says or how he acts is not for you to criticize . And if I catch you doing it again , And if I catch you doing it again , I 'II pull out your filthy tongue and strangle you with it . I 'II pull out your filthy tongue and strangle you with it . Sam . Sam . How about coming down to the parlor and having a Iittle cup of tea How about coming down to the parlor and having a Iittle cup of tea with a lonesome old friend ? with a lonesome old friend ? Look at her , Look at her , all red-faced and pouting , all red-faced and pouting , like she might be angry with us . like she might be angry with us . And with us coming all this way to visit her . And with us coming all this way to visit her . Aft viewer , Sergeant Siegle . We 've gotta release the boosters . Aft viewer , Sergeant Siegle . We 've gotta release the boosters . Hey , don 't we need them tanks ? Hey , don 't we need them tanks ? They 're empty , just excess baggage now . They 're empty , just excess baggage now . The reserve tanks below will take us back home . The reserve tanks below will take us back home . Ready , sir . Ready , sir . Jettison boosters . Jettison boosters . Look at it go . Look at it go . That 's what would happen to us if we hit the atmosphere that fast . That 's what would happen to us if we hit the atmosphere that fast . AII right , men , positions for landing . AII right , men , positions for landing . slowing nicely , sir . clear landing ahead . slowing nicely , sir . clear landing ahead . No . No . No . No . We mustn 't . We can 't . We mustn 't . We can 't . We haven 't the right . We haven 't the right . General , stop ! General , stop ! What are you doing ? You 'II kill us . What are you doing ? You 'II kill us . Hold your places until the ship is raised . Hold your places until the ship is raised . The ship is upright , sir . The ship is upright , sir . Good landing . Good landing . This is a good landing ? This is a good landing ? Any landing 's a good landing . Any landing 's a good landing . Gravity . Gravity . Beautiful gravity . Beautiful gravity . Let 's go below , shall we ? Let 's go below , shall we ? Feels like good soil . Feels like good soil . Given water , I bet you can grow anything here we grow on Earth . Given water , I bet you can grow anything here we grow on Earth . Big things , maybe , Big things , maybe , like in Jack the Beanstalk . like in Jack the Beanstalk . Be wonderful to try and see what could happen . Be wonderful to try and see what could happen . I have some flower seed . I have some flower seed . I been carrying them ever since I Ieft Hawaii . I been carrying them ever since I Ieft Hawaii . I was gonna try them on the moon , but here in this soil ... I was gonna try them on the moon , but here in this soil ... You 'd need a pipeline from the Colorado River to water them . You 'd need a pipeline from the Colorado River to water them . Captain , look . Captain , look . Must have damaged the pipes when we landed . Must have damaged the pipes when we landed . Wait here . Wait here . General , stop ! General , stop ! " As wax melteth before the fire , so let the wicked perish " As wax melteth before the fire , so let the wicked perish - " at the presence of God . " - Father , stop it ! - " at the presence of God . " - Father , stop it ! You 're mad ! Hydrazine and nitric acid explode on contact ! You 're mad ! Hydrazine and nitric acid explode on contact ! We 'II be blown to bits ! We 'II be blown to bits ! - Father ! - Stay back . - Father ! - Stay back . Dad , it 's Barney . Dad , it 's Barney . please , you 've got to listen to me . please , you 've got to listen to me . Don 't turn that valve ! Don 't turn that valve ! Don 't turn it ! Don 't turn it ! Father , please . Father , please . I ... I ... Don 't blame yourself . Don 't blame yourself . - You killed him . - No . - You killed him . - No . Your own father . Your own father . You murdered him ! You murdered him ! Why , you no-good ... Why , you no-good ... No . No . No , captain . No , captain . You 'II not die , not now . You 'II not die , not now . But when we get back , and we 'II get back , But when we get back , and we 'II get back , we 've got a date , you and me , we 've got a date , you and me , with a court-martial . with a court-martial . And I 'II be the witness . And I 'II be the witness . And it 'II be a rope for you , captain . And it 'II be a rope for you , captain . And I hope they make it slow , very slow , And I hope they make it slow , very slow , so I can watch you kick . so I can watch you kick . No signs of water . No signs of water . Not even bugs or worms . Not even bugs or worms . They ought to give this planet back to the ... They ought to give this planet back to the ... Who do you give it back to ? Who do you give it back to ? No people . No people . What water we have left is our life . What water we have left is our life . Every drop must be rationed . Every drop must be rationed . No washing , no heat . No washing , no heat . Look , captain ... Look , captain why couldn 't we kick off with what we got left ? ... why couldn 't we kick off with what we got left ? We could , except for one slight detail . We could , except for one slight detail . The Earth wouldn 't be there when we arrived . The Earth wouldn 't be there when we arrived . How very unpleasant . How very unpleasant . So how long we gotta stick around this crummy planet ? So how long we gotta stick around this crummy planet ? How old are you , Sergeant Siegle ? How old are you , Sergeant Siegle ? - Just turned 29 . - When you turn again , - Just turned 29 . - When you turn again , you can start packing . you can start packing . You and Sergeant Mahoney You and Sergeant Mahoney start draining the pipes of the heating system . start draining the pipes of the heating system . Well , he says we gotta squeeze the water . Well , he says we gotta squeeze the water . So let 's get to squeezing . So let 's get to squeezing . It 's gonna be a cold , dry winter . It 's gonna be a cold , dry winter . God rest ye merry gentlemen Let nothing you dismay God rest ye merry gentlemen Let nothing you dismay Remember Christ ; Remember Christ ; ; our Savior Was born on Christmas Day ; our Savior Was born on Christmas Day Call the Wheel again , sergeant . Call the Wheel again , sergeant . What for ? What for ? To wish them a merry Christmas ? To wish them a merry Christmas ? Spaceship to Wheel . Spaceship to Wheel . Come in , Wheel . Come in , Wheel . Over . Over . How long you gonna keep doing this ? How long you gonna keep doing this ? We ain 't heard from the Wheel in months . We ain 't heard from the Wheel in months . And supposing they answer , so what ? And supposing they answer , so what ? Maybe we ask for room service ... Maybe we ask for room service and have them send up some ice water . ... and have them send up some ice water . We 've done what no men in the world have done before us . We 've done what no men in the world have done before us . We 've got to let them know before it 's too late . We 've got to let them know before it 's too late . If it 's humanly possible , we 've got to report . If it 's humanly possible , we 've got to report . Report what ? Report what ? That the operation was a big success , That the operation was a big success , but the patients are dying on a lousy , dried-up ball but the patients are dying on a lousy , dried-up ball - in the corner pocket of nowhere ? - We could report a murder , captain . - in the corner pocket of nowhere ? - We could report a murder , captain . I 've told you everything that happened , sergeant . I 've told you everything that happened , sergeant . Yes , captain ... Yes , captain that you have . ... that you have . And you can tell it to me from now until doomsday , And you can tell it to me from now until doomsday , but don 't forget , I was there and I saw everything with me own eyes . but don 't forget , I was there and I saw everything with me own eyes . Spaceship calling the Wheel . Spaceship calling the Wheel . Spaceship to Wheel . Spaceship to Wheel . Over . Over . The general wasn 't crazy , he was right . The general wasn 't crazy , he was right . We asked for it . We asked for it . There 's a curse on this ship and everybody in it . There 's a curse on this ship and everybody in it . Baloney . Baloney . You can leave that stuff back on Earth ... You can leave that stuff back on Earth but it don 't operate past a thousand-mile limit . ... but it don 't operate past a thousand-mile limit . Only God can make a tree . Only God can make a tree . OK . OK . Where is it ? Where is it ? Where 's the trees and the flowers Where 's the trees and the flowers and the grass ? and the grass ? Where 's the water ? Where 's the water ? You hear me ? You hear me ? Where 's the water ? Where 's the water ? Hey , fellas , look ! Hey , fellas , look ! - Snow ! - Boy , you can hit me with a snowball ! - Snow ! - Boy , you can hit me with a snowball ! - Merry Christmas , boys ! - Open the hatch ! - Merry Christmas , boys ! - Open the hatch ! OK , captain , let her rip ; OK , captain , let her rip ; Leave that , Mahoney . Leave that , Mahoney . We won 't take anything unessential to the voyage . We won 't take anything unessential to the voyage . Everything OK up there , sir ? Everything OK up there , sir ? AII secure . By this time tomorrow , we 'II be on our way home . AII secure . By this time tomorrow , we 'II be on our way home . Just about finished , captain . Just about finished , captain . I think these soil and mineral samples will prove that life is possible on Mars . I think these soil and mineral samples will prove that life is possible on Mars . It can be done , sir . It can be done , sir . AII the elements are in those sacks . AII the elements are in those sacks . Even air and water , in other forms . Even air and water , in other forms . Until now , this little planet has been alone ... Until now , this little planet has been alone friendless , all drawn up into itself . ... friendless , all drawn up into itself . So it 's crusty , dried-up and unyielding . So it 's crusty , dried-up and unyielding . But with patience and understanding and hard work , But with patience and understanding and hard work , it could be made to blossom . it could be made to blossom . I wish I had your faith , Imoto . I wish I had your faith , Imoto . Hey , fellas ! Come ! Hey , fellas ! Come ! Captain , come ! Look ! Captain , come ! Look ! Look . Look . Look . Look . It grew . A flower . It grew . A flower . A seed from Earth growing here . A seed from Earth growing here . Look at it . A flower on Mars . Look at it . A flower on Mars . It is a flower . It is a flower . Hey , captain , the ship is tilted . Hey , captain , the ship is tilted . We won 't be able to take off . We won 't be able to take off . That sand , look at it . It 's draining . That sand , look at it . It 's draining . Must be caves or crevices underneath . Must be caves or crevices underneath . This whole section is honeycombed . This whole section is honeycombed . - We drilled into a Iot of pockets . - Caves , caverns . - We drilled into a Iot of pockets . - Caves , caverns . If we could crack them open , the sand would pour in like water . If we could crack them open , the sand would pour in like water . We might draw off enough to lower that side of the ship . We might draw off enough to lower that side of the ship . Straighten her up ? Straighten her up ? It 's possible . But how do we crack open the cavities ? It 's possible . But how do we crack open the cavities ? With the engines . We blast . Hammer the ground with the rockets . With the engines . We blast . Hammer the ground with the rockets . Great . But what happens if we open some cracks on the wrong side ? Great . But what happens if we open some cracks on the wrong side ? We fall over . We fall over . We 've got exactly 14 minutes to come up with a miracle We 've got exactly 14 minutes to come up with a miracle and say goodbye to this planet , or we 'II never leave it . and say goodbye to this planet , or we 'II never leave it . - You were saying , sergeant ? - I 'm sold . - You were saying , sergeant ? - I 'm sold . Punch it , captain . Punch it , captain . Again , sir . Again , sir . It 's moving . It 's moving . It 's working . It 's working . Try it again , captain . Try it again , captain . That 's it . I don 't dare to ... That 's it . I don 't dare to ... We 're perpendicular . We 're perpendicular . Protect yourselves . We 're blasting off . Protect yourselves . We 're blasting off . You did it . You did it . A date is a date , sergeant . A date is a date , sergeant . It was a glorious way the general died . It was a glorious way the general died . Sacrificing his life as he did Sacrificing his life as he did to bring his ship and his crew safely to a landing to bring his ship and his crew safely to a landing on the rocky desert of a new planet . on the rocky desert of a new planet . That 's the way the history books will tell it . That 's the way the history books will tell it . Won 't they , captain ? Won 't they , captain ? A fitting end for a grand soldier . A fitting end for a grand soldier . For the man who conquered space . For the man who conquered space . Would you be caring for a cup of tea , captain ? Would you be caring for a cup of tea , captain ? Thanks . Thanks .
