 THE DEADLY INVENTION Synch : Dan Some inaccuracies remain ; the subtitles were horrible . Good evening , friends . Books . They tell of great adventures . as does my diary . I will share its pages with you . However , first I should introduce myself . My name is Simon Hart . In my time , humanity believed in progress . Always dreaming up new inventions . My contemporaries were Robur , Barbicane , and Capt. Nemo . It was many years ago . My adventure began in Atlanta . I booked passage on the Savannah . The first steam ship to cross the Atlantic . Mankind mastered the sea and tamed the land ... and was now set to challenge the kingdom of the clouds . Ah , what an age in which to be living . Each day brought new and ever more glorious triumphs . Little did I know then , that the submarine was about to become a big part of my life ! My journey continued over land . On a steal juggernaut which devoured every obstacle in its path . We live in terrible times . Lives are needlessly wasted ! Read this . It 's a sad end to the sub and her crew . Man has legs and should stick to walking on land . Fortunately there are men who aspire to more . Man 's boldness leads to the sea and into the sky . Yes , the sky . Man wants to climb to the height of the clouds . And he won 't stop there ! Someday aircraft may cross the ocean blue . For a plane that weighs less than air is no longer mere fantasy . Steam and electricity have discarded the past . The Albatross ! It is a work of art . Built by my friend , Robur the Conqueror . His aircraft rises to heights never before imagined . At last I arrived at my destination . But who was this man ? In this sanatorium resides my teacher . The brilliant scholar Professor Roch . Good day . How 's the Professor ? Today he is quiet . And how are you ? Fine . I brought all my notes but was unable to secure funds needed to complete his brilliant invention . I wish success for the Professor . And hope that he will find people to assist him . Though sometimes I worry , that his invention may ultimately prove harmful . I 'm just a man of science . Only interested in the field of chemical reactions . I 've no talent for bookkeeping . Professor , does that mean ... Yes , I have no money to continue . But I must finish my work . I would not want to be on the high seas tonight . The next day , the world was horrified to learn of the abduction of the Professor and his assistant . Days were spent feverishly searching for a mysterious sailboat . Inspections were ordered for all suspicious vessels . Prepare to go aboard . Yes , sir ! - Do they have the right to come aboard ? - Might makes right . Raise the sails ! We must warn the Count . Presenting Count Artigas , owner of the yacht . Proceed with your inspection . Bravo , your Excellence ! Now we can continue . Excellence ! Yes , we can continue , Excellence . Wait till nightfall . Then , full steam ahead . How was the vessel moving with folded sails ? What was on the other end of that rope ? Here is the explanation . Yes , the submarine disappeared . It was useless to inspect the yacht . Hello and welcome . What do you think of this most modern ship ? I must apologize for the way in which you were brought here , but it was necessary to prevent interference from those who would steal your invention . Where 's my assistant ? I have no idea . I only know that I invited you . And you are my guest . Allow me to show you my kingdom . I 'm master of the largest empire in the world . Thanks to this submarine , I 'm the owner of the ocean . Its riches surpass the combined wealth of all the nations on earth . I have an endless supply of the most precious natural treasures . Gold and jewels hidden in old chests , that the sea swallowed over time . All I have to do is reach out and take them . And all of my wealth I offer to the service of science . I have faith in your invention , and your great ideas . And I will do everything necessary to help you finish your work . With the help of the treasures of the ocean I have built a city underwater . My factories and laboratories are waiting for you . Your genius , Professor , coupled with the means that I possess can create formidable works , and amaze the world ! What law gives you the right to keep me prisoner ? The law of the strongest , sir . Alone on the high seas , without fear of witnesses ... The Professor was allowed to move from the sub to the ship . Professor meet Captain Spade , captain of our ship . And engineer Serko , your future collaborator . He is the man who has built factories back at the underwater city . Allow me to show you , Professor , plans for our laboratory . Captain to port ! It is the Amelia . One of the largest trade ships out of Atlanta . He hoped the wind . Take the necessary arrangements , as usual . Professor may I interest you in a small snack ? This submarine is a prison ... and my diary is my only friend . Full reverse ! Full stop ! It was now clear that the purported sinking of the submarine was a dark ploy by a band of pirates . And their leader was ... The noble Count Artigas . A small delay will be very beneficial . Our submarine has discovered the hull of a trading ship . Must be a rare and happy coincidence to discover a ship which contains treasure ! We only came upon it by chance , Professor . Help ! We have some special sampling to perform . What is that ? Did you hear it ? Someone is out there calling for help . Sounded like a woman . Do you see something ? You 're right . It is a woman . The lifeboat ! Lower a boat to the sea ! Quick ! Quick , quick ! Who the hell is this ? What the hell are you doing here ? Who said to come here ? Captain , shouldn 't you knock before entering a room ? Do you want to blow up the ship ? Does this powder keg not concern you ? I 'm not surprised that the Amelia wrecked . Knowing that it carried passengers such as you . Get your things together . We 'll make port by morning . Captain , do many ships stop at your island ? I wish to continue on my way as soon as possible . You 'll find out . Captain , what is the name of the island ? Back-Cup ! Back-Cup ! " Back-Cup " island , Professor ! Another hour and we will be home . Do you call " home " to a volcano ? The volcano is extinct . The smoke you see is from the chimneys of my factories . You 've chosen a very curious place to reside . Perhaps . But here you can finally realize your brilliant idea , Professor . The submarine entered a tunnel under the sea . Later I would learn it was the only entrance to the fortress of Artigas and his pirates . We surfaced in a bleak lagoon surrounded by the high crater walls . This was the harbor of Back-Cup . The hellish factories threw forth a black smoke which hovered up and out of the volcano , like a warning of forthcoming doom . Above the cold waters , high upon the peak of a cliff , lie the nests of eagles along with the Castle of Count Artigas . The last of the buccaneers . Across the lagoon , was another residence . Though a little different . It was a herder 's shack in ruins . Which would become my home for many months . This is where I would struggle with hope and despair . But pardon me , first things first . I 'm jumping ahead in our story . I was still a prisoner in the sub when ... Well , we 're home , Mr. engineer . Are you going to demolish your new home so soon ? What have you done with the Professor ? The Professor is being treated like a king . No need to worry until the Count decides his usefulness is over . Any luck ? I 'm still trying to uncover the secret of matter . The secret of matter ? And then what ? We look forward to your success . I think his assistant works faster , Excellence . The engineer ? Try speaking with him . Does this tube serve a purpose ? For now , it is the only test ... for heavy water . Ultimately it will lead to a great discovery for all of mankind . The ability to move machines with light and heat . It is a technical challenge ... We must learn to handle it with wisdom . This is my latest invention . A machine that will dominate the air . Along with the explosive invented by the Professor , we 'll rule the world . We would welcome your assistance in his experiments . Me ? Never ! - I want to talk to the Professor . - I cannot allow it . However , if you want ... I do not want to become your accomplice . As you wish . We can wait . During my absence , the cottage was transformed in a perfectly equipped laboratory . What a temptation ! I wondered about the Professor . Had he disclosed his secrets ? For he could be as naive as a child . Build a powerful steel tower . The main part is a lens . Here you 'll place a few grams of matter that I discovered . Then connect an electric current ... And there will be an explosion ! A huge force will be unleashed . However , we will take proper precautions to release the energy into productive channels . Sorry . This experiment has fallen short of success . On the contrary , Professor , on the contrary . This is the result for which I have been waiting . Perfect sir , I congratulate you . As soon as I heard the explosion , I knew for certain that the Professor had placed a deadly invention into the hands of a band of criminals . The invention that was to have meant great progress , had became a destructive weapon . Never should something like this happen ! I didn 't have a minute to lose ! I had to do everything possible to warn mankind of this danger . Professor ! Professor ! One day I saw the sub return . Still not knowing if my message had reached its destination . The Pirates received bad news from another source . The most modern technical apparatus ... informed Artigas that his secret was out . Our submarine , your Excellence . They fired at us each time we surfaced . But our luck held out . Someone has betrayed me . They are preparing to attack us , your excellence . Very well . We will prepare a wonderful reception for them and put an end to this hide and seek . How soon can the new cannon be ready and taken down the river ? It is too large to fit through the submarine tunnel . Then prepare to drill a new tunnel through the rock . Nothing must stop us . A small breakdown , your excellence . While Count Artigas made every effort ... to carry out his horrible crimes , the Professor still expected to bless humanity with the fruits of his experiments . Around that time , I was brought to another meeting . I meet with Mr. Serkan , the engineer who worked for Artigas . He was designing a new tunnel by which to carry the deadly canyon . Mr. Serkan , I ask you once again ... You cannot see the Professor . You might as well forget about it . Hello ... That underwater cable must be repaired immediately ! Why have you not sent the divers ? What ? They didn 't return . Then send other divers ! Don 't tell me about the danger ! That cable must be repaired immediately . Mr. Serkan , if you 'll allow me , I have worked under water and do not fear danger . Very well sir , I accept your offer . As long as your intentions are sincere . You will descend to the bottom of the lagoon . Following the cable to the point of breakage . Two men will accompany you . To ensure that you return . The cable didn 't mattered to me ! I wanted to examine the tunnel . It offered a chance of escape ... Search again ! With reinforcements . That engineer must be found dead or alive . They had yet to see me . It was now or never ! That dark tunnel was my chance for freedom ! We didn 't find anything . There isn 't a trace of him . How much oxygen did he have ? Half an hour . That same day , armies of the world decided to offer immediate resistance , and sent their troops . You are among friends , sir . " United against pirates " The tunnel will be safe . The patrols will be in port . Now , carefully . Do you see that ? Pirates ... Shutdown ! Stop the engine ! Excuse me , I didn 't know anyone was in here . I need your help . Wait outside a moment , so I can dress . Please hurry . Allow me to introduce myself . My name is Hart . I am the assistant of Professor Roch . Pleased to meet you , Mr. Hart . It was I who handed him your letter . And what did the Professor say ? Unfortunately , I do not know . Didn 't he give you a message for me ? He never spoke about your letter . You can enter now , Mr. Hart . Come and get warm . I think you need it . Why do you assist these bandits ? They are dishonest and commit horrible crimes . The people of which you speak , saved me when our vessel sank . They sank your vessel so they could rob it . And now are preparing something worse . Only the Professor can prevent it . I 'm sorry that the Count does not have time to see this . It 's an interesting experiment and very important . Don 't worry about the Count , Professor . While you 're working here , he is also busy ... building upon the power that you discovered . Sorry , Mr. Hart . As you see , the Professor is not here . We must find him at any price . Preparations for combat must get underway per your command . The giant cannon and ammunition are positioned on the coast . According to the latest news , an allied fleet is heading towards Back-Cup . Last night , our ship ... destroyed an enemy submarine scout , which reached the lagoon through the tunnel . Since then , we have searched that wreck , with some interesting results . The booty was not important , but we have collected important information . Tomorrow we can expect an attack by the entire fleet . We must prepare immediately , your Excellence . For the forthcoming battle . Even if all the ships in the world try to attack us at once ! The victory can be ours ! If you will allow me , your Excellence , I will show you my strategic plan . Look here ! It is a simple plan that guarantees us victory . Our giant cannon dominates the only path of entry to the island . The battle will end quickly . If the bombs filled with the Professor 's explosive , destroy each enemy ship before they can fire a shot . We can fire before they have time to see us , ... if we know their positions well in advance . We must post an observation balloon on the crater to relay the information in time . A team is equipping a balloon made of special material . Here they are , your Excellence ! These men are perfectly equipped . They were selected due to their experience and special training . A modern telephone line is being constructed with an extra line , to ensure contact with us . Their role is not limited only to sinking the enemy fleet , but also to protecting our island against any other attempted attack . Ships are approaching . We must warn them of the danger . If you have courage , I know how we can do it . And the Professor ? He cannot help us . We must act quickly . Here they come ! Have you come to observe , Professor ? Prepare the cannon ! Count ! Professor , your ideas are about to transform into results . Stop them ! Stop them !
