 Subtitles : Verbatim Yucatan , 23.976 fps . For every action ... There is an equal , and opposite , reaction . North Pole EL MONSTRUO ALADO Radar , designed to defend us against attack . Radar stations on Mountain tops ... In deserts , deep in untracked forests . In a thousand , secret and isolated places . Over both oceans there are radar equipped picket planes . In both oceans , manmade radar islands to guard our flanks . There are the inshore pickets , and several hundred miles beyond them are the off shore pickets . Another radar fence stretches across the long unfortified border between the United States and Canada . A pine tree radar fence . And beyond that ... Still another network of electronic eyes . The Mid Canada Radar Fence . Even farther north , in the very shadow of the North pole this fence ... the Distant Early Warning System known as the DEW line . Ready to transmit the first warning signal of a sneak attack across the polar region . To build the DEW line an armada of ships was assembled in the largest , and most secretly planned operation since the Normandy Invasion . Grinding through treacherous polar ice fields in a desperate gamble against time and weather To land a mountain of supplies , machines , tractors , and men upon the ice . First things first , level landing strips for heavy cargo planes , then shelters for the men , for the planes , and for operations . ... and while some hands are busying laying long pipelines to transport fuel , others build tanks to store it . The work continues , day and night , around the clock , 7 days a week . At long last , the ships are gone , the summer is gone , but the job is finished . Red Eagle One , centennial of the Arctic , nerve center of the DEW line , is operational . Colonel Parkman arriving , dispatch jeep . Colonel Parkman ? Glad to have you with us . Across the roof of the continent still farther north , an outpost of the DEW line . Hey Mike , Hey Mike , get a look at this . I don 't see anything . Hey wait a minute ... Listen ! It 's almost on top of us ! This is Kane , picket 7327 calling Red Eagle One come in Red Eagle One . This is Kane , picket 7327 calling Red Eagle One ... Come in Red Eagle One . Hello 7327 this is Red Eagle One , I read you , over . Put the old man on the horn would you Pete ? ... right , roger . I 've got Lieutenant Kane Sir . Colonel Parkman , Walter ? What 's up ! We 're over Weather 4 sir , The building has been damaged . Looks like the roof 's caved in . If there 's anyone inside they could be hurt , or worse . I tried to contact them , but there was no answer , over . We 'll get right on it ! Over and out . When did Weather 4 report in last ? At uh , zero eight hundred , sir , right on the button . See if you can contact them again . alright . Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , come in Weather 4 . No answer , sir . Keep trying . Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , come in Weather 4 . Operations , Colonel Parkman here , get my plane ready ... ( Red Eagle One Calling Weather 4 ... ) ... oh and uh , alert Lt. Pizar . Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , Red Eagle One calling Weather 4 , come in Weather 4 . Two men don 't just vanish ! These did . I don 't get it . Everything was under control when they checked in at zero eight hundred . Nothing unusual has been reported since then . No storms ... It wasn 't a gale that wrecked this shack . The sides are caved out as though something crashed into the roof . Well , if it was a plane that hit it ... Maybe , there 's a very ordinary explanation for what happened . Maybe the men are on the way back to base right now . On foot ? They would leave footprints in the snow . Do you see any ? Take a look here ! What do you got ? I don 't know ! A plane ? No plane never made that short a run . A helicopter ? No , a helicopter couldn 't make a burrow like this . If there is an ordinary explanation of what happened , then ... I wouldn 't take any bets . So , the only recent contact you had with the weather shack was when the helicopter dropped supplies there five days ago ? Yes sir . You checked Weather 1 ? Yes sir . Weather 4 made contact with them at zero eight one three . Everything was Jake ! I 'm picking up something Colonel , but it doesn 't make sense . I never saw a blip like that before . It 's there , then it 's gone ! Hey , there it is again . What do you make of it . I 'm not taking any chances . Sound the red alert ! Vector 360 climb to Angels 3 , bogey 90 miles . Red leader to Control . Nothing here . Give us a new Vector . Bogey has disappeared , Return to home plate . Jerry ! Sugar Fly to Red Eagle One ... Come in Red Eagle One . Sugar Fly to Red Eagle One . Come in Red Eagle One . Hello Sugar Fly , this is Red Eagle One , go ahead . Red Eagle One , we 're over the wreckage of the C47 . They found it Colonel ! Get his position . Yes sir . Alert Lieutenant Pizar . Yes sir . Colonel ! Looks just like the weather shack . Yeah . Where are they ? Where are the bodies ? Easy . Look out ! What in the world is ... What is it ? I don 't know . Looks like it had been broken off of something . That point 's as sharp as a needle . I give up . You got me . Well where do we go from here ? We 'll have to let CONAD worry about that . This is CONAD . The Continental Air Defense Command , at Colorado Springs . The focal point of the super sonic shield that guards the North American Continent . A shield that could mean the difference between life and death for millions of Americans . These are Hot phones ! Using them it takes only 15 seconds , to talk to Alaska , 10 seconds to alert Newfoundland , 5 seconds to contact you ! 3 seconds to reach the Pentagon Command Post . General Ford Speaking ... Yes . I see . Good , I 'll take a plane right out . The Arctic command has delivered the package . Good afternoon gentlemen . I 'm General Ford . Oh No , no , Please , sit down . Gentlemen ... I realize that the Air Force hasn 't given you much time in which to make your tests .. ... and a definitive job may have been out of the question in the short time you 've had , but the Department of Defense hopes that during these two days of concentrated efforts , you 've come to some conclusion about this . Professor Gunther I believe you are in charge . All of us are agreed to accept one thing this appendage comes from some living creature . ... but as to what creature , it was once a part of , we we are completely in the dark . Our mathamist , Dr. Arnold Burton , has been unable to identify this object . Professor Harvy Pierce is certain from his exploration that the " hook " , cannot belong to the neurological system . Well you seem to know more about what it isn 't than what it is . That is correct , sir . Gentlemen let 's be logical . Now you tell me that this , " hook " comes from something that 's alive . alright . But it wasn 't a part of the cargo and it wasn 't in the plane when it took off , so it must have come aboard , after the crash . Right ? That sounds logical ... Now what was it that came aboard ? It shouldn 't be so difficult . You know the animal life of the Arctic . We have asked ourselves that , General . You 're not suggesting that it comes from some creature at present , unknown ? It 's a possibility we suggest you investigate , sir . How ? We recommend that you ask Dr. Nedrick Jackson of the museum of Natural History here in Washington , to look into this . He 's their chief Paleontologist and the countries leading authority on the Ali gasi and Carnivori You 've lost me professor . He deals with life of past geological periods ... as shown by the fossil remains of , plants and animals . He has been able to re-construct prehistoric creatures with , no more to start with then a hand full of bones . " Departamento de Paleontología " Dr. Jackson . Curator . Hi Marge . Hi . What have you got there ? A kid in my junior science group made it . Even added an extra vertebrae as though it doesn 't have enough already . Here , want to count them ? Listen , if I 'm ever to get next months issue of the magazine out we better start working . I 've got a feature . Life parades through the ages . Showing the progression of prehistoric creatures from the jelly fish , to the dinosaur , to primitive man . Sounds alright . ... and I 'm going to include the pictures we took on your last field trip . That 's even better . Oh , excuse me . Jackson talking . The Pentagon ? Sure I 'll wait . What do you know maybe they want to call me back in the service . This is Dr. Jackson . General Ford ? Yes . Yes . I see General . Of course sir I 'll be right over . Everything alright ? ... course . It isn 't every day the Pentagon calls you . You 're very nosy . Okay be mysterious . Well if I tell you , you 'll keep it a secret ? Hope to die ! They found an old bone up at the North Pole . The Pentagon wants to know , to whom it belongs . It doesn 't look like bone . More like gristle or cartilage . A structure as large as this would have to serve a very specialized purpose in order to be cartelized . Have you any idea what it comes from ? No , not the faintest . If it were bone we could start from that . What it does tell me however , is that it can 't be from an animal . Because every known species of animal has a bony skeleton . As a matter of fact the reptile structure is bony and gentlemen , even birds have bony skeletons . Looks like we 're getting nowhere fast . On the contrary we 're making considerable progress . At least we know what it can 't be , which is bound to lead us to what it is . Well then is there anything that doesn 't have a bony skeleton ? Lots of things : worms , snails , insects , shell fish . Some invertebrates where there skeletons on the outside , well it an outer shell called an exoskeleton which is hard and rigid enough to protect the internal organs . Insects have thin flexible places within their heads and bodies which allows them freedom of movement . Then they have folds where the muscles are attached . It 's a possibility . An Insect ? That 's where the process of elimination seems to lead us . Of course if it is an insect it certainly doesn 't tell us what kind it is . Well find that out partly from what we know , but mostly from what deduce . Doc you 're beginning to sound like Sherlock Holmes . Sort of . Professor Gunther , the fluid from the end of the hook ... You had it analyzed ? Well we , did what we could in the time we had . Of course you didn 't know exactly what you were looking for . Precisely . Well I 'm not too much of an entomologist , but I do seem to remember ... With very few exceptions the blood of insects contains no red corpuscles . Now that we suspect this hook may have come from an insect ... Would you test the fluid for me and let me know what you get ? Be glad to . Thanks . Well General , that 's about it . Professor Gunther will make his test and ... We 'll see what we can dream up . Do you think we 'll get somewhere ? We 'll do our best . " POLAR TRAGEDY REVEALED " " Air Force Discloses Mystery Accident and Disappearance So that 's what they wanted to see you about . Don 't you play games with me Ned Jackson . I 'm sorry . There 's an old saying that you can 't keep anything from the press and even if I 'm only running a museum mag , ... I haven 't lost my nose for news . That is what it 's about . Maybe ... I know it is ! Maybe not ! Well it 's a plain at the nose on your face ! Look . The Pentagon has never consulted you before . The papers say they have a mystery on their hands . One and one still make two , so it follows that they must need information in your field . Oh Ned , give me a break . You don 't know what it would mean if I could run a story about something that took place in this century ! Well I ... They didn 't say it was restricted . You see ? alright it 's , it 's like the paper says . There have been crashes and disappearances . But the real story is , what they found at the last crash . It 's , well it 's about 5 feet long . It 's modeled green in color . Probably broken off the body some place . What are you talking about . It 's part of something alive . Something that must incredibly , unbelievably huge . I think it 's from an insect . An Insect ? Here . Doesn 't look very fearsome reduced in size like that does it ? No , no it doesn 't . It looks like the spur on the leg of a grasshopper or a cricket . Grasshoppers and crickets aren 't meat eaters and at least 5 men have disappeared . If that is part of an insect ... It 's from the biggest creature that ever lived . Are you sure you are feeling alright ? there were long skid marks in the snow as ... as though the thing flew in for a landing . Jackson talking . Oh hello Professor Gunther . You have . I see sir , thank you . Well they just finished the blood tests . There were no red corpuscles . It 's from an Insect . ... and the ant inside this amber is at least 90 million years old . Now we 've been able to learn from pieces of amber like this ... That certain ancient insect forms have continued without variation until today . That others have changed to meet changing conditions and certain species have vanished completely . I just can 't believe that an insect as large as you suggest ever existed . Look behind you on the wall professor . That prehistoric dragonfly measures 2 feet from wing tip to wing tip . ... and like the modern dragonfly , it too was a flesh eater . alright , it 's big , but it 's only 2 feet . Is that the best you can do ? I never suggested I was looking for a dragonfly . So what are you looking for ? To be honest with you I 'm , not exactly sure . You 're a pathologist Professor Gunther . The field of pathology is limited . But the paleontologist field is narrow to what we understand . On the contrary we stretch our understanding to , try and take in the universe . alright , suppose , just for the sake of argument that we admit such an insect once existed . How could it be alive today ? Exactly ! Even the recently discovered prehistoric Siberian mammals were dead . The natives ate the flesh , used the skin for clothing , made tools from the ivory tusks . But the mammoths were dead . Are you sure they were dead ? Why ? Everyone knows they were . Everyone says they were . Suppose the Siberians hadn 't been in such a hurry to slice them up for steaks . Suppose they were still alive when found in the ice . Does your learned young friend always go on like this ? alright professor , You know as well as I do that if a living organism is frozen quickly enough it 's theoretically possible to stop the living protoplasm from changing their geometrical pattern . Which always happens when death occurs . Theoretically yes . Is it unreasonable then to ask yourself ... Whether the mammoths might have remained alive all those years , ... and it was the Siberians who killed them before they had a chance to thaw out and breathe again ! You ... you believe this ? Well I don 't disbelieve it ! And I 'll go along with it until someone comes up with a better theory . Look , five men have vanished . To die is one thing . To disappear without a trace suggests ... complete destruction ! A flesh eating creature ! But there are scores of insects that live on other insects . Where do you start ? By thinking of the hook as though it were infinitely smaller . As though it were part of an insect no larger than those we know today . Like oh , the grasshopper , the beetle , or the cricket , then ask yourself ... What flesh eating insect of normal size , has such a hook ? Ned , you 're making a lot of assumptions . Every paleontologist does . Look , you start with a jaw bone , a couple of teeth , you figure whether they come from a flesh or a grass eater and you go from there ! A normal insect , that is a flesh eater . I 've narrowed the field to one ! The diet consist mostly of small insects such as leafhoppers , grasshoppers , caterpillars and others . A substantial part of the diet may also include small frogs and lizards . The female is larger than the male and invariably destroys her mate when he 's fulfilled his function in life . Now the hook they found on the plane may very well be a spur from one of its forelegs . If this is it , as large as a monstrous creature we looking for I doubt whether anything that ever lived could be as deadly . It 's strong beyond anything it 's size suggests . It walks , leaps , and flies . It 's appetite is insatiable . You mean , this cute little bug ? Yeah , that cute little bug . In all the kingdom of the living there is no more deadly or voracious creature . ... than the Preying Mantis . GREENLAND ESKIMOS TERRORIZED Anything new on the disaster , General ? Nothing else gentlemen . Hey , uh , you 're Dr. Jackson of the Museum of Natural History , aren 't you ? That 's right . Well what have you been called in for ? Dr. Jackson is an old friend of mine . That 's not answering his question , General . You 're a Paleontologist isn 't this out of your line ? Have you any theories Dr. Jackson ? Gentlemen , if you were in my position and what you had was a theory , not facts , just a theory , I 'm sure you 'd withhold it to avoid any speculation that might prove disastrous . I 'm sure you realize this and that you 'll co-operate with us to avoid panic , or hysteria . I know I can count on all of you . Well , Good luck to you Ned . Thanks , I 'll do my best . Hi ! Almost ready ? If can close this . I 'm told the Air Force doesn 't like to be kept waiting . Oh I 'm coming . Here , make yourself useful . Nice of you to see me off . I think so . You know , the Arctic is about the only place where I haven 't worked in . Are those mine too ? No Doctor , they 're mine . Oh ... Yours ? Well you couldn 't go alone without your photographer , could you ? My what ? Well I phoned General Ford 's office and requested permission for you to take your photographer along . I guess he forgot to tell you . Boy this is really going to be a story . You 'll do almost anything for a story wouldn 't you ? Almost . Well come on ! Colonel . Colonel , sir . Uh , Dr. Jackson is here from ah , Washington . He 's got a ... I mean there 's a , there 's a ... We ... Well speak up ! He 's with a woman . A female woman . I thought they 'd stopped making them . Then show them in . Yes sir . I 'm Ned Jackson Colonel , I 'm sure that Washington ... Excuse me , this is Miss Marjorie Blain ; Colonel Joe Parkman . El General Ford sent me up . I 'm magazine editor for the Museum of Natural History . How do you do ? How do you do ? Uh , that will be all men . It looks like you don 't have too many women up here Colonel . Ah we have a little joke up here ... The boys say there 's a girl behind every tree . Only try and find a tree . Well when do we see what we came for . I 'll have a plane any time you 're ready . I 'm ready . Fine . These are the skid marks . At least what 's left of them . We found the same marks at the weather shack , and the Eskimo village . Here Colonel . Got it ? Eight and a half feet . Let 's get back to the plane . At ease . Gentlemen , this is Marjorie Blaine . I thought you wouldn 't mind too much if she had a look around your recreation room . Aw she 's like a butterfly . Light and crosses absolutely boss . Yes Corporal ? Well , ah , with your permission sir ... Would it be alright if ... would it be alright if I asked Miss Blaine to dance , sir ? Corporal that decision is entirely up to Miss Blaine . Yes sir . Miss Blaine would you care to ... Well , what I mean is ... while I 'm not yes Corporal I 'd love to . Oh hi . Hi . Hi Ned . Thought you were going to join us . Ah I 've been busy . You two run along , have fun . What are you up to ? I 'm trying to find out how big this thing is . You know , people used to think that carnivorous plants were the funk . Actually there are about 450 species of them . Some are almost 6 feet tall . I 'm convinced that we 're dealing with a Mantis and whose geological world the smallest insects were as large as man . And , the failing to find those insects for its food , it 's ... Well it 's , doing the best it can . If there is such a thing why hasn 't anybody seen it ? Well those who have are dead ! Ah , who can be sure ? It may have been locked in a prison of ice millions of years ago . Well what could have released it after all that time ? Oh , any sort of unusual vibration , You know how , mountain climbers are afraid of thunder ? Well , it 's because the sound of the vibration may start an avalanche . Hit the alert button ! Yes sir ! Operations ! Colonel Parkman speaking ... Condition Red ! Scramble all aircraft immediately ! Condition Red ! Coffee Colonel ? Nine hours and not a whisper . Which is alright with me . Red Eagle One , this is Otter 4 Hello Otter 4 , this is Red Eagle One , go ahead . We have nothing here . Request permission to return to base . Over . Request denied , continue search procedure . Over and out . The only thing to do is to keep the patrols out straight around the clock until we 're sure . And remember I want a report on anything from Mid Canada , or Pine tree . Anything . You understand ? Yes sir . Got the Mid Canada Radar Fence on the line sir . This is Colonel Parkman . Oh Colonel , Blue Captain Hawkins , here . This is just a stab in the dark but you chaps asked us to report anything unusual and ... yes ... As I said , it may not mean a thing , but we caught an unidentified object in our scope . Could have been a storm or a weather balloon . It was a faint signal that came a West . But it might be that oversized bug of yours ? What time was it ? Early . Zero four hundred I suspect . Thanks Hawkins . Thanks very much . Zero four hundred , that 's almost six hours after he left here . Now it 's 1500 miles to the Mid Canada line . Oh that 's no good he 'd have to be doing better than 200 miles an hour . Why not Joe ? We 're dealing with an insect . The deer fly does 600 an hour ! Well that 's almost as fast as a jet ! The Mid Canada line is 1500 miles South of here , right ? Right . And , where was that Weather shack 4 ? Right there , straight on the eightieth meridian . And the , and the C47 crash was here . That 's right , due South of the Weather shack . What are you getting at Ned ? And the Eskimo village ? Right there , between us and the C47 . Hey wait a minute . He 's been going straight South ! And he 'll keep going South till he reaches the tropics where he 'll find the same kind of climate and jungle vegetation from which he came originally . Now let 's see he 'll probably pass over Labrador , Nova Scotia , then he 'll hit the Gulf Stream . And I 'm sure the warm air above the Gulf Stream will attract him and he 'll follow it all the way down to South America . I 've got CONAD on the hot line Colonel . They say it 's important . Thanks . This is Colonel Parkman . Are you sure ? Thanks . Pine Tree got it too . It went through Newfoundland . Well it looks like we 're on our way to Washington . Come on Marge . Grab your toothbrush . " MANTIS REPORTED AT BANGOR " " AIR FORCE ALERTED ! " " CURFEW ORDERED IN NEW ORLEANS ! " " Fear of Mantis Mounting " " CONGRESSMAN CALLS MANTIS HOAX " " DEMANDS INVESTIGATION " All over the United States this morning ... Some 400,000 members , of the civilian ground observer corp are gathered to learn more about this fantastic creature . This program is being presented by the Continental Air Defense Command . Our first speaker is Major General Mark Ford . - General Ford . Thank you . I want to say at the outset ... That contrary to rumor , and certain newspaper headlines , the so called deadly Mantis is no imaginary scare . It 's a very real and , present danger . With me this morning is Colonel Parkman . Commanding officer of an advanced radar interceptor base deep in the Arctic Circle . Colonel Parkman . Thank you sir . Ladies and Gentlemen ... I saw this creature attack our base . I visited the weather shack , and I also inspected the wreckage of the aircraft that this thing destroyed . Now we have every reason to believe that the Mantis is flying South ... Along the Gulf Stream . And we believe that it will be one you devoted men and women of the Civilian Ground Observer Corp who will spot it next time it appears . I have with me today Dr. Nedrick Jackson ... Curator of the department of Paleontology at the Museum of Natural History . Dr. Jackson has something important to show you . Doctor . Gentlemen . Thank you . This object , is a spur broken off the fore leg of the Mantis when it destroyed the C47 . Now the spur of a normal size Mantis is so small it 's difficult to measure . This spur , as you can see , is nearly 5 feet long which will give you some idea as to the creature 's size . Thank you , doctor . Now you ground observers are well trained in the identification of aircraft . Here , to scale , is the deadly Mantis , and here , is the C47 , which it destroyed . One other thing . You spotters should listen for a loud droning sound , much like that of a squadron of heavy bombers flying in formation . Now the Coast Guard and the Navy have been alerted and are standing by ... On the Eastern seaboard . If the Mantis is sited the procedure will be the same as though an enemy aircraft had been spotted . Take no chances . Report any unusual flying objects . Thank you . Target is down ! Target is down ! Cannot confirm kill , due to low overcast . Returning to Carrier . Out . Well , here comes another one . Granary fire in Minneapolis . Minneapolis not a stir . There 's some power lines down near Richmond . Richmond Virginia ? Yeah . There 's some birds flying in Fresno . Fresno , Fresno ... Oh , I 'm so tired . Where is Fresno ? California ? Fresno , California . Hi . Hi Marge . Hello . Ned . Hey , what are you up to ? Well , it 's kind of a private deal . We call it operation Marge because she dreamed it up . Oh ? We 're charting every unusual occurrence in the country . Some may have been caused by the Mantis . This might give us a clue . Any luck ? Well they 're too scattered to mean anything yet . You kids know what time it is . It 's after midnight . Now you 're dismissed , both of you ... . But General I have the ... No " buts " about it . You heard what the General said . Your going straight home young lady . And I 'm the guy whose taking you . Night Ned . Goodnight Marge . We interrupt this program to bring you a news flash A train wreck has been reported north of Laurel , Maryland , on U.S. highway one . The Engine and 5 cars were overturned in what appears to have been a freak accident . We will bring you further details as they come in . It 's only a few miles from here . We 'll have a look . Sorry Colonel , been a train wreck . You 'll have to back to Warrington road . Take the detour to your left , to Laurel . Pretty bad ? Could have been a lot worse . How 'd it happen ? Probably couldn 't see the warning in the fog . Can 't tell for sure . The Engineer is still unconscious . Joe do you think it might ... No . It 's just an accident . Come on . Let 's go . Gracias . The light just turned green . It 's too dangerous to drive in fog like this . Remember what happened to that train back there . M-m-m , this is more dangerous . We better get going . Oh , you forgot your package lady ! thank you driver . You know , it 's good to get home safely with all these strange things going on around here . Oh there 's nothing to worry about ' mam . You just be careful out in that fog . thank you . It 's the very latest report ! An inter urban bus was demolished at the intersection of Forbin Avenue and Arlington Road . The cause of the accident , which occurred only 5 minutes ago is still to be explained since there was no other vehicle involved . This accident , in addition to the train wreck which was reported a very short time before makes a total of 7 accidents in this area within the last 24 hours . Take it easy ! How about a couple of blankets up here . What happened ? Haven 't got any idea Colonel . Something must have lifted the bus and smashed it . The front end 's okay so we know it didn 't run into anything . You boys might just as well go back . There aren 't any bodies ! Oh say , take care of this lady for me , will you please . Attention , all military and civil defense personnel . Attention , all police and fire department personnel . The Mantis has been sighted over Washington ! I repeat . The Mantis has been sited over Washington . Let 's go . Excuse me , pardon ... This is a general alert ! ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE ANACOSTIA , D. C. Archer this is Beagle One Seven . Airborne with 4 chickens heading zero three five . Over . It 's Colonel Parkman , sir . Beagle One Seven , Archer control ... Continue on your present heading ... bogey at 12 o 'clock , 100 miles . Maintain present air speed ... Altitude at five thousand , Over . Bogey tracking one five zero . I 've got Baltimore , General . Go ahead Baltimore . Second plot three four zero , Range , one five zero . Un identified object . Speed : 250 , Altitude : 2000 . Dropping fast . Dixie three five bravo , Range : 150 Speed : 250 Altitude now : 2000 Dropping fast . It 's still moving Northeast . You think you 'll be able to drive it out to sea ? I hope so . Air Defense Warning Red ! Stand by to lock on . Baltimore , warning red . Philadelphia , warning red . I repeat , red . Attention Missile field : warning red . Pass to all gun sites . Guns free , fire at any object not identified as friendly . I repeat , pass to all gun sites ... Guns free , fire at any object not identified as friendly . Dixie 35 Bravo , 342 Range 110 . Victor 25 Victor , 352 range 110 . Victor 25 Victor , contact lost . Victor 25 Victor , Contact lost . Dixie 35 Bravo , contact lost . What happened ? He dropped below the radar net . Well does that mean you 've lost it ? One of the ground observers will pick it up . This is one nine hotel . Bogey range ... Flying East . This is one nine hotel ... Thank you . Initial track , bravo golf , zero three three nine , at two five . going Northeast . Eagle one seven , Archer control . Vector one niner zero. bogey at 12 o 'clock . steady on course , twenty miles , over . That 'll put it over Newark in a few minutes . Archer , this is Beagle One Seven . When steady on vector , bogey will be 12 o 'clock . Archer control , this is Beagle One Seven . We 've splashed Mantis . Give me pigeons to home plate . Hey Clark ! They said on television that the flyer who shot him down is going in the tunnel after him . Did you see it crawl into the tunnel ? Hey bud ! Hey , hey bud ! Bud ! Hey ! Hey bud , is it still in the tunnel ? It ain 't out here Mac ! Anybody killed ? I only know what I read in the papers ! Hey smart guy , I thought I told you to stay out of that road , now come on get back there ! " I 'm going home and watch it on TV . " Why go ahead home and watch it on TV . Alright , don 't push ! " I 'll push ... " I see anything anyway Yeah , tell it to your neighbor will ya ! That 's all the smoke we need . Shut it off ! How much longer do you think it 'll take ? Well we got about a 90 percent saturation of smoke in the tunnel now ! I don 't think we can do any better , General . We 'll be lucky if we can hold what we 've got . Those wet tarpaulins will hold the smoke alright . Just keep pumping ! Everything 's under control on the Jersey side sir . what about the smoke ? It 's packed in solid the tarp 's holding it fine . Did you go inside ? Yes sir , but we didn 't get too close . How far in do you estimate it to be ? Oh I 'd ah , I 'd say , about a quarter of a mile from this end . That puts the Mantis below the water line . I don 't think we ought to wait much longer , sir . What do you think Ned ? It 's no question in my mind that he 's mortally wounded . If we can keep him in that tunnel he 'll die ! Is there anything between us and the Mantis on this end ? 17 cars , according to the automatic counter . If he breaks through those tunnel walls we 'll have a flood on our hands . What do you say , General ? Go ahead , Joe . Good luck Joe . Alright men . You 've all been told what to do . Now the purpose of that smoke in there is to give us cover . Use it ! Now which of you men is carrying the chemical mines ? Stay up front with me ! And remember , those 3-R-G mines are effective only in a limited area . So watch for my signal before you throw them . Alright men , Take Masks ! Let 's go ! There 's your cover for next months magazine , Marge . Well go on , take your picture . Would you mind telling me what 's so funny Colonel ? Who me ? Well nothing at all . Can I help you with the Camera ? No thanks . Exactly where did you crash into him , Joe ? Well , just about center of the right hand side . If you follow me , I 'll show you . There . I think you can see right there , sir . It 's at the uh , base of the neck . Ned what do you call ... Look out Marge ! I thought you said you killed him ? Don 't blame Joe , that was an auto-reflex mechanism , it 's dead alright . Here , put me down . I said , put me down ! What 's the matter ? Don 't you like it up here ? I 've got pictures to take ! Well , that can wait . This is no place for romance Joe Parkman . What about my pictures ? Let Ned do it . ha , ha , ha , ha ... . Subtitles : Yucatán Verbatim , 23.976 fps .
