 Good evening , friends . Come closer ! I 'm going to tell you about the greatest adventure of my life . This is my journal . Everything I have experienced I have confided to its pages . But I have not told you my name . I am Mr. Hart , Mr. Simon Hart . And I lived at a time which gave birth to beautiful dreams of human progress ! My friends and I could think of nothing else ! Robur the Conqueror , Barbican , Captain Nemo ... Of such was the world of our youth ... My story proper begins on the waves of the Atlantic . What an impression they made upon me ! I had booked passage on the first steamship to cross that ocean . I watched mankind as he challenged the waves below , and the empire of the air above ! Every step brought new discoveries , new inventions . Enraptured , I observed with glee each new triumph of science and technology ! Little did I know the role that submarine would soon play in my life ! I continued my journey overland . The iron horse brooked no stay ! - Terrible ! Have you seen ? People needlessly killed , I beg you ! Thus ends all human folly ! Man was created with feet to walk upon the Earth and on earth he should stay , Sir ! Fortunately , there have always been people who are not satisfied with walking on the Earth . They travel now just as confidently across both sea and sky . Yes , and sky ! For man has lately mounted the empyrean , the privilege of the winged eagle ! And this is but the beginning ! Increasingly sophisticated arks of the air now cruise the celestial seas . Flying vessels , heavier than air , are no longer a figment of the human imagination . A century of steam and electricity has rendered the servant class obsolete ! - The Albatross . Indeed this was the latest word in the noble field of aeronautics . Thanks to my friend Robur " the Conqueror " not even the king of birds can reach the heights that this machine now rules . Finally , I was at my destination , this private sanatorium . But who was that man ? Now , in this sanatorium my teacher , the brilliant scientist Prof. Roch , was convalescing from toiling on his latest experiments . - Greetings , doctor ! How goes the Professor ? - Calmer today . And how did you fare ? - I have got the papers . All we need now is the money so he can finish - to make his great inventions in peace . - You know , Sir , I wish the Professor every success . I believe he will find people who will help him . But sometimes I can 't help but worry that nothing good can come from these explosive devices of his . - I am a scientist . My interest lie in chemical reactions , not in practical accountancy ! - That means Professor ... - ... that I have no money left for my experiments , and yet I must finish them ! - I should not care to be at sea tonight . By morn , word had spread like wildfire of the ruthless kidnapping of Professor Roch and his assistant , Mr. Simon Hart . Days of feverish searching ensued . - commands in a foreign language - By what right do they board ? - By right of arms . Strike sail , blast you ! - We should inform the Count , His Excellency . - foreign language - Count d 'Artigas , the ship 's owner . - foreign language - Please , see for yourself . - Your Excellency ! - Your Excellency ! - We may set sail ... - Your Excellency ! - We may proceed , Your Excellency . - Wait until night and then full steam to Back Cup ! How was it possible for such a ship to progress with no sails amast ? And where did that rope lead , down into the depths of the sea ? The explanation was to hand : Yes , the very submarine whose tragic disappearance had so excited the world 's press ! And the reason the inspection of the schooner had proven fruitless . - Allow me welcome you aboard . What say you to the most modern vessel in the world , Professor ? I regret that my men had to use force , but it was the only way I could save your work from being abused . - Where is my assistant ? - Unfortunately , I do not know . My invitation extended only to you , Professor . You are my guest . Let me show you my kingdom . I rule the greatest empire in the world . With the invention of this submarine , I became the Master of the World 's Oceans . Their riches are greater than the wealth of all the continents combined . The sea floor is rich in natural resources . Treasures of gold and jewels claimed over the years by the seas are there but for the taking . All this I put at the service of science . I believe in your discoveries , your big idea . I will do everything in my power to ensure your work is finished . With the riches of the ocean I have prepared an underwater city . My factories and laboratories await you , Professor . Your genius and my finances together will create a wonder ! Together , we will amaze the world . - By what right are you holding me here ? - By right of arms , Sir . Once on the high seas , with no danger of further naval patrols , the Professor was transported from the submarine to the three-master . - Professor , Captain Spade , captain of our schooner . Mr. Serko , your future collaborator , the man who built the factories in our underwater city , Back Cup . - Let me show you the plans for your laboratory , Professor . - Ship ! Ship to port ! - It 's the Amelia , one of the largest merchant ships in the South Atlantic , becalmed at sea . - Make the necessary arrangements , as usual . - Professor , may I offer you some light refreshment ? Alone in the armoured brig of the submarine , my journal became the sol trustee of my thoughts and observations . - Reverse engines ! - Halt engines ! It was readily apparent to me now what dark purposes the supposed loss of the submarine had served . She had disappeared from the public eye , only to conceal the criminal raids of a pirate gang . And who was her commander ? The noble Count d 'Artigas ! - A short pause , but hopefully a fruitful one . Our submarine has discovered the wreck of a merchant ship ... - That must be a rare stroke of luck , finding such a treasure ship . - We do not leave it to chance , Professor . - Help ! Help ! - We have a system . - Help ! - What was that ? Did you hear that ? There ! There was certainly someone calling for help . It must be a castaway . Do you see anything ? - You are right . It is a survivor . The lifeboat ! - Launch the lifeboat ! Action stations , blast you ! - Quickly ! Quickly ! - Who 's wandered in here ? What are you doing here , blast you ! ? Who let you in here ? - Captain , a gentleman does not enter a room thus when a lady is present ! - Do you want to blow up the ship ? Doesn 't the powder keg impress you ? It 's no surprise the Amelia went down with a passenger like you ! Prepare your things . We land at dawn . - Captain , do many ships call at your island ? You should know , I must return soon . - You 'll soon see . - Captain , the island where we are due to land ... - Land ahoy ! Back Cup ahoy ! - Back Cup , Professor ! Another hour we will be home . - You call a volcano home ? - The volcano is quite extinct . The smoke you see is from my factories . - Have you chosen a strange residence , my dear count ! - Perhaps , but only there can you realize your ingenious plans , Professor . Our submarine passed along an undersea tunnel . As I later learned , it was the only gateway into d 'Artigas ' pirate retreat . We surfaced in a grim lagoon , shaded by towering crater walls . Here the submarine was safe . D 'Artigas ' satanic mills belched clouds of resinous fumes that floated over the caldera like the inevitable threat of eruption . And most astonishing of all , on a rugged promontory above the waters perched his proud eagle 's nest ! Thus seemed to me the residence of the Count d 'Artigas , Pirate King of the modern age . On the opposite shore of the lagoon another kind of residence awaited me - a poor , dilapidated shack that for long months was to be my home . There I spun my bold plans - of escape . There I would experience both elation and despair . But forgive me , I run ahead of myself ! The pages of my journal with those memories were empty yet , I was still a prisoner in the brig of the submarine . - So , welcome home , Sir . - You are only destroying your own home , young man . - What have you done with the Professor ? - The Professor is being treated royally . It will be your turn , if he disappoints ... - What results ? - We find the secret of matter . - The secret of matter ? And then what ... ? - We look forward to seeing the results of your experiments , Professor . - I think his assistant would work faster , Your Excellency . - The engineer ? So , talk to him . - What is it all for ? - It is only a test , for now . I am trying to release the great power that holds matter together . Many other discoveries will be needed before those forces can serve mankind to fuel machines , give light and warmth . But that is a technical matter what people do with it , for the technicians to decide ... and the people . - My new invention , a machine that will rule the air . Together with the explosive discovered by the Professor , it will rule the world . And you , Sir , in the interim shall apply your talents to it . - I ? Never ! I wish to speak with the Professor . - I cannot allow that ! Of course you could always ... - I will not be your accomplice ! - As you wish . We can wait ! Thus ! In my absence they converted this miserable shack into a perfectly equipped laboratory . What temptation ! I thought of the Professor . He would never give these bandits the secret of his discoveries ? But I had forgot how my genius-teacher was as trusting as a young child ! - We build a solid steel tower . The main section contains a chamber . We put a few grams of my new form of matter inside , hook it up to an electric current and ... - It will go boom ! - There will be an enormous burst of energy which we must channel and control ! We must tame this force . That is the whole point of the experiment . - I regret to inform , the experiment has been a failure . - On the contrary , Professor ! That was what I call a result ! - Well done , Professor , congratulations ! Barely had I heard the explosion , than I realized my unsuspecting professor had handed these criminals a terrible weapon ! A discovery with so many possibilities now sure to become a weapon of mass destruction ! No , this must not be ! There was not a minute to lose ! I would do everything possible to warn mankind before it was too late ! DELIVER IMMEDIATELY TO THE PROFESSOR . IMPORTANT ! - Professor ! Professor ! One day , I noticed the submarine returning from another murderous voyage . At that time I had no idea that my message had reached its goal . I had no idea that the pirates were bringing ill tidings to their commander . It was again the most modern of technology that informed d 'Artigas that his ominous secret had been uncovered . - Our submarine , Your Excellency . They fired at us as soon as we surfaced ! We had the luck of the Devil ! - Someone has betrayed me . - They will come after us , Excellency . - So much the better ! We shall give them a wonderful reception , and put an end to this game of hide and seek ! Accelerate the production of shells and have the Supergun positioned on the coast . - Impossible through the marine tunnel . - Then dig a new tunnel through the rock , above the waterline , straight to the coast . Nothing shall stop me . - A small interval , Excellency . As Count d 'Artigas did everything possible to use the destructive power of the Professor 's discoveries to carry out his diabolical crimes , the trusting scientist still sweated under the illusion that his labors would bring a blessing on mankind . Almost at the same time I received a merciful relief . Mr. Serko , d 'Artigas ' court scientist , the creator of Back Cup , and now builder of the tunnel through which the Supergun would be brought to the shore , awaited me . - Mr. Serko , Yet again I implore you ... - I will not let you see the Professor . Forget about him . Hello ! Hello there ! Yes , yes . The fault must be repaired immediately . Have you not sent out divers ? What ? Not returned ? Send more ! I will hear no mention of danger ! That damaged cable must be repaired immediately ! - Mr. Serko if you give your consent , I have worked under water and am not afraid of danger . - Well , Sir , I welcome your decision , if you mean it seriously . You will descend to the bottom of the lagoon . Follow the cable to the fault . Two men will accompany you , to guarantee your safe return . Of course I had little interest in the damaged cable . I offered to help to explore the tunnel , which offered my one chance of escape . - Look again ! Take reinforcements ! That man must be found dead or alive ! They had not seen me . Well , it was now or never . Yes ! That dark tunnel was to be my coveted path to freedom . - Nothing . Not a trace of him . - How much oxygen was he carrying ? - Enough for the half-hour . That very day in a display of determined resistance the world had sent an exploratory vanguard ... - You are among friends , Sir . THE GREAT POWERS UNITED AGAINST THE THREAT OF MASS DESTRUCTION ! - We are safe in the tunnel . The patrols will be up in the harbour . - Your attention a moment ! Do you see that ? - The pirates ! - Engine off ! Full stop ! - Forgive me , I did not expect to find you here ! I am in dire need of help . - If you could wait outside a moment , I will arm myself . - Quite . May I introduce myself ? My name is Mr. Hart and I am the Professor 's assistant . - A pleasure , Mr. Hart . I delivered your letter that same day . - What said the Professor ? - Unfortunately , I do not know . - There was no reply ? - He never spoke about the letter . You can come in now , Mr. Hart . Warm yourself by the fire , I believe you are in dire need of it . - I do not know how you came to be in this company . They are not good people . They are preparing to commit a terrible crime . - Those same people of whom you speak saved my life when our ship sank . - When they sank your vessel to rob her , you mean . They now plan something much worse . And only the Professor can prevent it ! - Regrettable that the count is busy . It is a very interesting and important experiment ... - Do not bother yourself , Professor . While you were sitting here , we 've found a better way to make use of your new energy . - Sorry , but as you can see , I have failed to help you . - We must find him at all costs ! - Tomorrow we can expect an open attack by the fleet . But we are ready , Your Excellency . Let them come even now ! All the world 's warships as one ! Let them attack ! We shall trump them all ! With your permission , Your Excellency , I shall outline the order of battle . - Do . - The plan is simple and guarantees us victory . Our Supergun controls the only possible approaches to the island . The entire encounter will take but a matter of seconds . Shells filled with the Professor 's new explosive will destroy every fleet before we are in range of their guns . They will not even be within sight of us , we shall ascertain their positions long before . We shall fly an observation balloon from the crater , and receive advance reports . The balloon crew will be specially equipped for the job . Kindly observe , Your Excellency . how perfectly the crew is kitted out . These men were chosen for their experience and special training . They will be linked to us via the most modern telephone using an extra-fine cable . They will go directly to their battle stations . They will carry a supply of food and water . Once the fleet is sunk , they will guard our island against any further attempt at attack . Now , I ask you , Your Excellency ... - The ships are approaching , we must warn them immediately ! If you are brave enough , I know how we can do it . - What about the Professor ? - He cannot help us now . We must act quickly . - They 're coming ! - Professor , you 've come to observe ! - Prepare the cannon ! - My dear Count ! - Professor ! We found a use for your discovery ! - Shoot them down ! - Shoot them down !
