 This is a sacred pyramid , in the dead city of Tikal , 300 miles south of Mexico City . Here , for thousands of years , once lived the Maya , a peaceful and cultured people deeply versed in mathematics and astronomy . But one day , in the year 607AD , this people emigrated en masse , toward the distant and savage north , abandoning intact the solid houses , the pyramids and temples they had constructed . Not a single Maya came back , the city remained deserted , and slowly the jungle swallowed their streets and buildings erasing all trace of that civilisation . The scientific expeditions that had attempted to throw light upon the reasons for this migration have never been able to give it an acceptable explanation . It was once thought that they had been defeated by an enemy tribe , but what power at that time could have been strong enough to defeat the Mayan people ? There exists no indication of any cataclysm of nature , and what catastrophe could have pushed an entire people to build a new kingdom abandoning the lands in which they had always lived ? The mystery still persists today and the nomad indians who cross the area recount how their ancestors fled this land in order to escape the wrath of a terrible goddess a goddess who thirsted for blood : Caltiki ! Look ! Señor Nieto ! What 's happened ? My God ! And Ulmer , what could have become of him ? Who knows ? So what happened ? Were they attacked ? Only Nieto might be able to tell us but at the moment he 's in a state of shock . He won 't be able to talk for many hours yet . It 's empty . He fired all his shots . - But who could have attacked them ? - They went into the cave , near the volcano . That 's an absolutely deserted area . What could have happened ? Perhaps it was Nieto , who clobbered Ulmer . That 's absurd . Ulmer and Nieto are like two brothers . I can already see the headlines : " Two archaeologists fight to the death in a cave in Tikal , Mexico . " Stop it , Bob ! We must go back to the cave , immediately . Ulmer may be wounded and waiting for help . Ulmer ! The mummy - aah it 's Caltiki ! Caltiki ! Caltiki is a Mayan divinity ! Let 's go , John ! Yes , let 's go . I 'll tell Ellen to look after him . Come on ! The truck will meet us at the cave . Do you think they 'll find him ? I don 't know . I fear something horrible 's happened . That 's how the indians feel about it too . They 're all terrified . Do you know what they say , that we should never have come here ? That we 've provoked evil spirits . I 'm afraid it 'll end up with them abandoning us if we don 't go soon . I 'll tell John when he gets back , but I know how useless it is . And Nieto - how is he ? He 's still raving . He keeps repeating the same name .. Caltiki . Yes , Caltiki Then he brings up Ulmer . It 's really scary . Do you hear him ? It 's better if we stick around . We 've already looked everywhere . Where could he have ended up ? It 's a script in Mayan characters . The ground 's given way here . There 's an opening . It must have been opened during the eruption the other day . Come here ! Look ! There are steps . They must have come this way . Give me the Geiger counter ! They 're remnants of an ancient construction . Do you fear there might be radiation ? I don 't think so , although it 's best to check that . Come on , hurry up with that gadget ! But that 's the goddess Caltiki ! We must be in a subterranean Mayan temple . A great discovery . Caltiki , but that 's the name Nieto kept repeating in his delirium . So it 's certain that they 've been here . One moment . Look at the dial . It 's indicating strong radioactivity . Say it came from there , from something under the water .. This must be a sacred lake , where the priests , drowned the victims as sacrifices to the goddess . But if only I had my underwater equipment .. Maybe Ulmer fell in there . But this is his cine-camera ! - Let me see . - There 's no doubt . It 's really his . He must have dropped it . In fact , the shutter 's bent . We need to explore the bottom of the lake . We must go back to camp and equip ourselves to get ready for a dive . Before giving up the search , you have to try everything . Let 's go . How is Nieto ? Well , worse . The fever 's mounting , it 's getting worrying . We have to do everything to save him . Bob has developed the film Ulmer took . Maybe we 'll understand what happened . Oh , yes , we could . Get ready to project it right away . OK . - Can we begin ? - Yes , certainly . Go ahead . Who recorded this ? The indian who took them to the mouth of the cave . Did you question him ? Yes , but he knows nothing . He left them there and then came back . Poor Ulmer ! Who knows where he could have ended up ? Look at that ! The eruption was still taking place . There 's the stair we discovered this morning . Ulmer shot this part . Look , that one down there is the goddess Caltiki . What 's he found ? It would seem like a bracelet . - What 's happening ? - Who knows ? Something 's happened to Ulmer . They 're in danger , they 've been attacked ! Isn 't there any more ? That 's all . These people are driving me crazy ! I shouldn 't ever have come here . This trip was supposed to be a second honeymoon for us . How could I foresee all this ? It was your idea to persuade me to come away . But then , for you , work comes first of all ! But I can 't stand it any longer . I 'm going back to Mexico City tomorrow , whatever . Do whatever you want to . I won 't force you to stay around , even if you 're my wife ! Although I expected my wife to give me more understanding . Since we 're here you don 't even remember I exist ! I have responsibilities , I 'm obliged . Without even considering that today we made a very important discovery . An important discovery ? One man 's dead and another one 's dying ! That 's exactly why we must continue . So that they won 't have died for nothing . What the devil are the natives doing this evening ? An ancient rite . To placate the anger of evil spirits . A sacred dance ? Let 's go and see . No , I 'm not interested . - No , wait ! - But why ? What is it ? A white can 't participate in the ritual . It would bring bad fortune . Not to me ! Ha ha ! Helen , I 'm very sorry for what 's happening to you . What does that mean ? Oh , excuse me .. I heard everything John said to you . I think that he behaved very badly . I thought you were a friend of John 's . Yes of course . But I want the best for you too , I 'd like to see you happy . A woman can 't live this way . You 're .. a very sensitive creature . You need warmth , and affection . I believe that you 've set too much store by our discussion . It could be . But I hope one day you 'll take refuge between my arms . Don 't delude yourself , Max . Goodnight . You haven 't had much success . Stop spying on me . Is this how you set out to conquer that poor millionairess doll . Poor Max , you 're aiming too high . And you do just the same . I 'm no longer able to free myself from you since I pulled you out of that third-rate joint ! You have no right to treat me like this ! You used to promise me .. Men promise any old thing to someone like you . And then ? I 'm not sure I was the first . It 's true ! I 've never hidden my past from you . But don 't get rid of me so easily ! I don 't want to lose you , Max . Are you trying to tell me you 're looking for a husband ? Hmph , take me off the list ! Find yourself a half-breed , someone like you . Yes , dear ? Would you forgive me ? You forgive me . Both of us have our nerves in shreds . Unfortunately . But they say a good argument now and then guarantees a happy marriage . Excuse me , treasure , it 's all been my fault . I 'm capricious , it 's true , you knew that before you married me . And me , I concern myself more with biology than with my wife . But I 'll change , you 'll see . Tomorrow we have to get back to research . But I want you and Linda to return to Mexico City , first thing in the morning . Do you really want that , John ? Yes dear , I 'd prefer it . - Pass the tank . - Have you checked it ? Yes , all ready . I don 't like that lady ! But for luck , I 've protected myself . Be careful . Up . There 's a treasure at the bottom of the lake , a fabulous treasure ! We 're all rich , billionaires ! They 're jewellery of the Pre-Columbian style . They 'd have adorned the victims offered to the goddess . Who knows how many people are dead in there , all covered in gold and jewels ? And Ulmer ? Not a trace of him . Maybe it 's better if I go down again , have another look round . No , it 's pointless . I don 't want to take any more risks . But who thinks of risks when all this bounty is there on the bottom ? Bob is right . Well , try to be quick . I can 't wait to get out of this cavern . OK . Let 's go . I don 't want him to stay too long . Let 's get him up ! Something 's happened ! Come on , you pull too ! Pull ! Go easy .. slow now .. Come on ! Look ! Look out Señor ! Save yourselves if you can ! Quick ! Up the stairs ! John ! We 've left the bag with the jewels ! Wait for me . No ! Max , it 's crazy ! Max , come back , don 't be a fool ! Get up , Max . We 're safe . We made it . Hey you , come over here quickly ! Carry him away ! Don 't touch his arm , it 's dangerous . If you 'd waited just one hour longer there wouldn 't have been anything we could do for him . Luckily we were able to charter a plane to carry him . This case has no precedent in the history of medicine . This unknown substance has incorporated itself in the tissues of his arm and absorbed all vital fluids . In your opinion , is there still hope of saving Max ? I hope so . But you , a qualified biologist , must also help us by determining what could be the nature of this monstrous thing . What you tell me is seems fantastic . But your hypothesis is correct , it 's extraordinary ! You observe it too , Profesor Fielding ! I tell you again that this is not a known organism , but a fragment of an animal constituted of a single gigantic cell . Quite so , but do you realise the audacity of your claim ? There would be a revolution in the field of biology , with the discovery of such a unicellular being . What 's strange is , why an organism of this type would need millennia to develop this way . Can we establish it 's age ? - Yes , certainly . Come with me . - Thank you . This apparatus is the fruit of 20 years of research . It 's an electric brain that , using an isotope , carbon-14 , reveals the age of any body , also living . In a few seconds we 'll know in exactly which era the fragment came into being . It 's amazing ! You check the readings too , please . 3 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 11 ! No , it 's not possible ! It 's never gone as high as this with a living specimen ! 14 , 15 ! But .. Professor ! 15 megavolts - how incredible ! There can 't be any mistake . This fragment , this specimen .. this cell , must be 20 million years old ! Gentlemen , our expedition had one purpose : to throw some light on the reasons for the occurrence in the 7th century of the great migration of the Mayan people . During the research , unfortunately in consequence of grave incidents , we have discovered the mysterious being that the newspapers are talking about . And of which , we have recovered a fragment . Maybe the journalists have exaggerated their deductions , but everything makes us think we are confronted with a living prehistoric being that goes back to the first geological eras . But this , gentlemen , is not all . I want to call your attention to a Mayan inscription photographed at Tikal . It reads : " Caltiki is one , and immortal . " " And when her mate appears in the sky , the power of Caltiki " " will destroy the world . " This description coincides strangely with the characteristics of our mysterious specimen . Caltiki is one , the being is a unicellular one . Caltiki is immortal . This specimen is of an age inconceivable to us . If I could renounce scientific rigour , I would tell you , I brought back with me a piece of the body of Caltiki . Run to Papa . Welcome back , dear . Oh my treasure ! Tell me , were you good today ? Yes . Mamma gave me a teddy bear . Is that so ? Aren 't you going to show me ? Now , no . He 's sleeping now , because he got tired . No , no , don 't touch the bag . - Go to Mamma . - Come on , Jenny , time to go to sleep . To bed with your teddy . Listen , don 't let Jenny into my laboratory . - Why ? - Please , dear .. She 's not to enter for any reason . Go with your nanny . - ' Bye , little Mamma . - ' Bye , dear . What 's that there ? It 's the piece of the monster that the professor managed to detach from Max 's arm . Why do you keep it ? Wouldn 't it be better to destroy it ? I have to keep it under observation . We 've analysed it but we still know too little about it . What 's made it live an incalculable number of years ? What guides it infallibly towards the organisms from which it sucks life . If I could only manage to resolve those two questions , I might be able to say something new in biology . How is Max now ? Very bad . His life depends on the results of my study . The only hope of saving him . Unfortunately it 's a tenuous hope . Linda , you mustn 't make yourself ill . There 's never need to despair . He 's regained consciousness . But he 's so strange ! Sometimes he screams with pain . Then he turns , looks at me , and laughs . And his arm ! My God , his arm ! What a horrible thing ! But you now , you need to rest a little . Yes , thank you . Come to stay with us until Max gets better . Hi , Max . You 've really had a close call ! How is Nieto ? Oh he 's better . Much better . He 's back on his feet already , some day soon he 'll come back to work . What a lousy liar you are . He 's dead , right ? Yes . But you 're not going to die , Max . You 'll manage to pull through . Have you seen my arm ? My face ? Should I delude myself ? Max , you must have faith . You 'll see , we 'll do the impossible . Oh , sure ! Sure , you 'll use me as a guinea pig , and I 'll die like the others ! What madness to go back into that cave ! You 'll see , we 'll pay dearly for this ! All of us ! All of us ! Now you stay calm and drink this , it 'll do you good . No ! I don 't want to ! So , professor .. The outcome of the diagnosis .. ? We 're confronted with a serious lack of knowledge , Mr Fielding . And the best actually available medical treatments are decidedly insufficient .. The diagnosis is difficult , unfortunately . Why ? Because it seems a third-degree burn , but the tissues are like parchment . But the skin .. ! The skin , one might say , has been .. - Mummified ? - Yes , exactly , mummified . Exactly like that . And the process has been very quick . It seems an incredible story . Yes , you 're right , professor . I wouldn 't believe it myself if I hadn 't seen it personally . - Ah , but there 's worse . - What ? The poison will certainly enter the blood circulation , and unfortunately .. Unfortunately ? Unfortunately we must anticipate that before long it will reach the brain . Miss Agatha , tell Professor Perez that the operating room is free . " If we accept the hypothesis that , millions of years ago , a primordial cell " " could have developed differently from all the others .. " " The amoebas had a similar structure to the being in the cave . " " Primitive monocellular beings developed by combining with others just like them . " " But this cell might have grown , becoming gigantic , without combining with any other . " " But what natural biological force could have caused " " this abnormal development ? " Oh , it 's you Ellen . John dear , it 's late . What time is it ? It 's almost one . Don 't you think you should get some rest ? No , it 's not the moment . You see , I feel I 'm on the right path , but the real substance of this being keeps eluding me . What is it that 's concerning you ? I must continue the analysis of the material of which it 's formed , to discover the reason why it destroys every organism it comes in contact with . I 'll find a cure for Max 's condition . I can 't abandon him . Today the professor told me there 's a risk he 's going mad . I 've got to find out why . It would be absurd to give up . So , you intend to work all night ? Yes , dear . Do you understand how I want the best for you ? All this is too important for me . I must manage . Good luck with your work , dear . But perhaps .. Why not ? It could be this .. There 's been a strong eruption , and you know that the whole area is naturally volcanic . In the cave , we uncovered gamma radiation . Maybe that 's the source of energy for that being . Radioactivity ! But we can 't be sure till we scrutinise it under electronic bombardment . Will you have the betatron put at my disposal , please ? I 'll organise it with the institute . You 'll have it this evening . Thank you . I 'm counting on you , professor . It 's of the utmost urgency . Are you ready ? If the conclusions we 've drawn are correct , then surely , under the effect of the radioactivity , that little fragment ought to show signs of life . All right , start it up . The generator 's started , professor . Radioactivity zero six rad . Zero seven rad . Zero eight rad . Stop it , right away . Generator reports zero , professor . On the cessation of radioactivity , it will enter an apparent lethargy . But underneath it 's intensely charged . I believe .. .. it could develop more , and multiply itself . Linda ? Yes , dear ? How considerate you are . Everybody 's so nice to me . They 're trying to help you . Oh , I believe that ! Now they 're afraid . They realise what I 'm worth , and they also realise that they 've .. They 've finished exploiting me , earning money from my work ! Because now it 's different . Now they must settle accounts with me . Also that woman . That woman that would be allowed to scorn me . Don 't think about her , it 's me who 's here with you . She 'll be sorry she treated me that way ! They 'll all pay , you 'll see ! I 've been wounded , I 've suffered , but now I 'm strong .. I 'm stronger than all of you ! You 'd do better to side with me . Remember that well ! Linda , how are you ? My God , you 're exhausted ! Would you like a coffee ? No , thanks . Don 't worry about me . It isn 't worth it . You shouldn 't torment yourself like that , otherwise it 'll end up with you ill too ! Today Max said very strange things to me . He made me frightened . Well , in his condition it 's easy to exaggerate . It 's up to you to give him courage . It 's useless , he won 't listen to me . He hates me . He 's ashamed of me because I 'm .. a halfbreed . Also , he 's in love with you ! Why that 's absurd . I heard him that night at the camp . He was courting you . And it doesn 't surprise me , you 've got everything I haven 't . You 're a lady , you 're rich . And you 're also beautiful . Max behaved with me like he does with everybody . Excuse me if I 'm blunt , but he 's not the man for you . He doesn 't deserve you , you should leave him . Leave him ! How can I leave him in that state he 's in ? One day he 'll get well , and you 'll be free . Free and happy . Happy ? My happiness is with him . I know perfectly well what he 's worth , but I love him . I can face everything with him . Everything ! As long as I don 't lose him . Yes ? That 's me . No , my husband isn 't here . Then madam , you come . Come here immediately , to the hospital . It 's about Max Gunther . Excuse me , but what 's happened ? A disgrace ? Ellen , what is it , Max ? Has something happened ? Don 't worry , we 'll come immediately . Was that the hospital ? Yes , they want us there right away , but they didn 't explain the reason . - Please , madam , stay calm . - What 's happened , doctor ? - Stay calm . Please don 't do this ! - Where 's Max ? Max - where is he ? Where 's Max ? I don 't know . We 've searched everywhere . Be brave , Linda . - Who is that woman ? - The wife of Gunther , I believe . Send the alarm out to all the street patrols . We 're looking for a man , 33 years , of medium height , blond hair and blue eyes . He 's wounded .. ? In the right arm . In the right arm . Dangerous . Dolores , come into the house to help me . What are you thinking ? The inscription said : " Caltiki is one , and immortal . " And these words contain a scientific truth . But who 's going to be her husband coming from the sky ? That which , according to the inscription , will give Caltiki infinite force , with which she 'll destroy the world . Don 't you think we 're giving too much credit to the scientific mind of the Maya ? Well , who knows ? It could be that they knew more than us . - Are you still immersed in your research ? - Hi , dear . Now we 've abandoned that , we 're reduced to solving puzzles . We 're looking for a bridegroom . Is he so difficult to find ? Ah , it seems he comes from the sky . Well , whatever you find , I hope you find it soon . For a week , now , you 've kidnapped my husband . I 'm truly mortified , but I can 't do without his help . Good night . Good night . So we 'll see each other tomorrow , eh ? Till tomorrow . Excuse me , dear . Hello ? Yes , it 's me , Fielding . Who is it , John ? What ? Are you sure ? It invaded the laboratory and destroyed the betatron . It 's still growing ! We don 't know how to stop it . Come immediately ! Set fire to it . Set fire to the whole lab , if necessary , without losing a moment . I 'll come immediately . - I have to run . - But John .. The husband coming from the sky . What 's that about , professor ? I don 't know , but I want to have another try . You wish to know if , in the year 607AD , a celestial phenomenon occurred ? - Right . - Strange you should ask .. What interests me is that , it was the year of the Mayan emigration . There was the passage of a comet . It was seen at Byzantium , by an astronomer of the Emperor Justinian . The ancients named it Arsinoé , They defined it as a malign star , because it precipitated grave perturbations like those of a radioactive cloud . But then , this would cause an increase in atmospheric radioactivity ! Naturally , we don 't have precise data about it . But I 'll be able to give you that tomorrow . - Why tomorrow ? - Because tonight the earth is in exactly the same condition as in the year 607 . In a few hours that comet will pass very close to us . Like , the same comet , tonight ? Certainly , that 's why I found your request so curious . Arsinoé comes near to us , cyclically , every 1352 years . We 're observing it at this moment . Arsinoé .. " the husband from the sky " . That 's the cause of the Mayan emigration . Radioactivity increased the size and strength of the monster . The zone around the cavern was infested with terrifying beings , that thirsted for blood . It 's the same danger that also threatens us now . The radioactivity will make the fragments of the monster grow . Operator ! Professor Fielding 's line . 3679 . - He doesn 't answer . - Try , try again ! Miss , I absolutely need to talk ! 3679 is completely cut off . There 's no time to lose . I must go to Fielding 's house . You , run to the betatron ! We need to destroy the monster fragments immediately ! When we arrived , the betatron was in pieces and the watchman was dead . A new victim , like Bob and the others . Maybe he inadvertently started up the generator , causing the growth of the monster . But we 'll never know . See that no-one touches him , for any reason . It could be dangerous . The amazing thing is how quickly the size of the fragment developed . Another few minutes and I don 't know what could have happened . Inform the family . When the husband appears in the sky , the power of Caltiki will destroy the world ! Mama ! Little Mama ! Mama ! What is it , treasure , why aren 't you asleep ? I saw a man . A bad man . Jenny , there 's no bad man here . You don 't need to be afraid . But I saw him ! You were dreaming , love . Now lie down and close your eyes . Mama will stay with you until you 're asleep . All right ? Sleep , treasure . Have a lovely , lovely sleepy-bye . I 'm sorry , I didn 't want to wake you Ellen . I didn 't manage to sleep , and I was hungry . We 're all nervous . The child just woke up too , crying that she 'd seen a man . It 'll have been a nightmare . Oh yes , no doubt . Good night . Good night . Max , I 've brought you something to eat . Did they see you ? No , you can feel safe . No-one knows that you 're here . Max , you have to listen to me . Start again . I love you . And you know that . But you can 't stay here . What , do you want to turn me in ? No , Max , I 'd never betray you . And John is your friend too . John - he would be the first to denounce me . You 're wrong ! You don 't know how much he 's done for you . Now , maybe you don 't understand that , but when you 're normal again .. How am I not normal ? Even you think I 'm crazy ! Just remember , if you say one word , I 'll kill you ! Ah here you are . Professor Rodriguez has gone to your house . He did ? Why ? We tried to telephone but you 're phone 's cut off . - We got alarming news at the observatory . - What 's it about ? Right at this moment a comet 's passing very close to the Earth . It causes an increase in atmospheric radioactivity . It 's already reached zero eight rad . My God ! That fragment at my house ! Get the police ! The army ! We need flamethrowers . That monster can only be destroyed with fire ! Don 't run away , it 's useless . No , Max . Don 't do this . I thought you were my friend . How beautiful you are . Oh , how inappropriate ! You did a terrible thing leaving the hospital before you got better . After all the trouble we 've taken for you ! But why to you try to escape from me , Ellen ? Do I disgust you ? No , calm down . Listen , now I 'll call Linda . You 'll see - she 'll be happy to see you again . She 's already seen me . And she helped me , and hid me . But now I don 't need her any more . What do I care about her ? You 're the only woman that I want , Ellen . And you 'll be mine ! Now you 'll come away with me . The telephone 's not working . I pulled the line out . Nobody can come to help you . You 're in my power ! No ! Let me go ! Let me go ! Help ! Linda ! Linda ! Max , you promised me not to come here . You walk away ! Give me that pistol right now . I won 't let you hurt her ! Stay where you are ! No , Max , no ! Murderer ! Now you 'll do whatever I want ! Obey me , or I 'll kill your little girl too ! John Fielding ! I 've heard you ! Come out ! Help ! Mama ! - Mama , what is it ? - Nothing ! Come on . Come on . Halt ! Stop ! Running a roadblock , resisting the public forces .. If it goes well you 'll get three months , Señor . Listen to me , inspector . I 'm Professor John Fielding , British citizen . I beg you to let me go immediately . My wife and daughter are in danger . I don 't doubt that , with a husband like you ! Listen , inspector , there are monstrous beings in the house that nobody 's seen before now . It 's impossible to explain now , but believe me they 're dangerous . And not only for my family , for the entire city ! Come on , take him away immediately , this crazy person ! Inspector you must listen to me ! Take him away . And if he acts up again , put him in a cell ! Let me go ! Call the British Embassy ! Do something or you 'll regret it ! For the love of God , open up I tell you ! Follow him ! Stop ! Stop ! There ! Over there ! Take him ! Take the Jeep ! - Where are you taking me , Mama ? - Be good , Jenny , be good ! - Mama , where 's Papa ? - He 's coming now . Attention ! Attention ! Commander of the Armed Forces speaking . The city is in a state of emergency . No one approach the south quarter . Armed vehicles of the military , and flamethrower squads , have received the order to move to the house of Professor Fielding . Clear the roads for the passage of military vehicles . No-one may leave their homes until further orders . The population is invited to keep calm , and all measures have been taken to deal with the danger that faces the city . Help , John , we 're here ! Be brave , wait ! John , help us ! Everybody , go ! Stop shooting , it 's useless ! We need flame throwers ! And you ? Inspector , that Englishman was right , really ! The garden is full of monsters ! I know . The alarm has already been raised . The army will be here in a few minutes . Recall all our men . Tell them to stay out of the garden , we have to wait for the flamethrowers . Go ! - Yes , sir ! - Let 's go . Everybody out ! Surround the house ! Get back men . We 're letting go with the flamethrowers . Quick ! Advance ! - Look ! There 's a way through ! - But where ? Let me go ! He 's crazy ! He 'll be burned alive ! Cease firing ! Here I am Ellen ! Be quick ! It 's breaking through the door ! Hurry ! Go on , give me the child . Daddy ! Come quickly . Quickly ! Hold on to me tightly ! They 're safe ! Start firing again . Look , it 's enormous ! Get back , everybody , get back ! The city 's in danger ! Get the tanks in to destroy everything ! Attention ! Advance from the north . Break down the perimeter wall . Group 2 , advance across the garden . Group 3 and group 4 ready for action . Group 5 , don 't shoot ! Use your flamethrowers . Order the tanks to use flamethrowers ! To all tanks : open fire ! From the commander of the operation : the danger is over . We 're securing the area . You can suspend the state of emergency . The companies are returning to base . Jenny 's gone to sleep . Please , take us away from here . Yes , now we can go . Now there 's nothing to be afraid of , dear . Caltiki is destroyed forever .
