 SCOTT : The strange , almost unbelievable story of Robert Scott Carey began on a very ordinary summer day . I know this story better than anyone , because I am Robert Scott Carey . This is the way to spend a vacation . ( SIGHING HAPPILY ) I 'm thirsty . That sun feels good . I 'm thirsty . Interesting . A cold bottle of beer would taste fine . Why don 't you get it ? Me ? Mmm-hmm . I 'm on vacation . All week . Well , so am I , my friend . Louise ? I think we should get married . We 've been married for six years . Really ? Mmm-hmm . Seems like six minutes . I am not going to get you that beer . Now I provide the boat , you provide the beer . Your brother provided the boat . Okay , I 'll make a deal with you . What ? You get the beer . I 'll get the dinner . How 's that ? Okay , you got yourself a deal . To the galley , wench . Fetch me a flagon of beer . I 'm sorry , Captain , but we 're all out of flagons this trip . It 'll have to be a can of beer . Out of flagons ! Mmm-hmm . In the name of heavens , woman , how are we to make the Philippines ? We 're not going to the Philippines , sir . We 're going home at the end of the week . Mutiny ! Make them cold . Like ice . Scott , what was that ? I don 't know , some kind of mist . Look at your chest . SCOTT : But then , on an equally ordinary day , six months later ... Good morning , Joe . Good morning , Mrs. Carey . Looks like a nice day , huh ? MILKMAN : See you tomorrow . Here , kitty , kitty , kitty , kitty . Here , kitty , kitty , kitty , kitty . Come on , Butch . That 's a boy ! There you go . Scott ! Scott , are you dressed yet ? SCOTT : I 'll be right there . All right . SCOTT : Lou ! Yes , dear ? Honey , are you sure you got the right pants back from the cleaner 's ? Just a second . You asked the same question yesterday morning . Well , they still don 't fit right . Are they still too loose ? Sure . Even the cuffs are dragging . Gee , they do look kind of big . You better talk to that cleaner 's . I don 't know what he 's doing , but tell him to cut it out . You 're probably just losing weight . And it 's very becoming , so don 't complain . You want one or two eggs ? One . One ? Now , that 's why your pants don 't fit . Lou ! Yeah ? Hey , for the love of Pete , the shirt doesn 't fit either . Well , it 's your shirt , honey . It 's got your monogram on it . Well , what 's that supposed ... Now , come on and sit down and eat your breakfast , and forget about it . Gee , I know a lot of people who 'd like to lose a little weight . What 's your secret ? Maybe , it 's the cooking around here . Well , thanks a lot . Drink your orange juice . Lou , do me a favor . What , honey ? Pick up a bathroom scale today . All right . Still get 5 ' 11 " , Mr. Carey . I 've been 6 ' 1 " since I was 17 . What 's the weight ? Still 174 and a quarter pounds . I don 't understand it . That 's a loss of almost 10 pounds . Well , I told you , Mr. Carey , you 're probably overworking yourself . You told me that when you overwork you get nervous and tend to lose weight . Yes , but I 've never lost that much weight . Besides , I haven 't been particularly nervous lately . Anyway , not eating wouldn 't make me lose height , would it ? I very much doubt if you 've been losing height , Mr. Carey . Why don 't you put your things on ? You told me that you 've been 6 ' 1 " since you were 17 years old ? That 's right . How many physical examinations have you had since then ? At the draft board . In the Navy , and a life insurance physical . That 's not too many , is it ? And it 's quite possible there might have been errors made in all of them as regards your height . That very often happens . There are a number of things that could cause such errors . For example , if you stood erect , you 'd measure out as taller than you actually are , or if your height was taken in the morning , you 'd measure out as taller . Why is that ? Because people actually decrease in height during the day . You see , the body weight compresses the spinal disks , the bone joints , and so on . I see . Two inches , Doctor ? Well , I wouldn 't worry about it , Mr. Carey . As far as I can see , you 're in perfect health . You 've likely lost a little weight , due to an insufficient diet , but people don 't get shorter , Mr. Carey . They just don 't get shorter . What 'd Charlie think about your idea for the newspaper ad ? Huh ? He thinks it has possibilities . Well ? Four pounds . Up or down ? Down . Well , that does it , my boy . You 're going to start taking vitamins . I 'm gonna get you so fat on ice cream and cake , you 'll think you 're living in a child 's paradise . I don 't think that 's gonna fix it , Lou . Well , then , we 'll go and see a doctor , honey . You 're due for a check up , anyway . I 've already seen a doctor . When ? A week ago . Well , honey , why didn 't you say something about it ? Come here , Louise . Kiss me . You think that 's gonna fix it , huh ? You didn 't have to stretch . You used to stand on your toes when you did that . Why , in your stocking feet ? I 'm getting smaller , Lou , every day . Well , that 's silly , honey . People just don 't get smaller . Yeah . Yeah , you 're right . We 'll go back to the doctor tomorrow . I 'm sure he 's got a pill for it . ( BUTCH MEOWING ) Don 't worry , Butch . Everything 's gonna be all right . Go to bed . Well , that 's the last of them , Mr. Carey . This has been a long week , Dr. Bramson . I must 've worn out your machine . I needed two full sets of pictures , spaced several days apart . I had to compare them before I ... Before I could be sure . Sure of what , Doctor ? What is it ? Relax , Doctor . You can 't tell me anything I haven 't imagined . ( SIGHING ) You are getting smaller . I don 't profess to understand it , Mr. Carey . There 's no medical precedent for what 's happening to you . I simply know that you 're getting smaller . The X-rays prove it beyond any doubt . But that 's impossible . That 's what we 've always believed , Mrs. Carey . I 'm going to send you to the California Medical Research Institute . If there is an explanation for your phenomenon , why , they 'll find it . SCOTT : Then began a series of intensive tests . I drank a barium solution and stood behind a fluoroscope screen . They gave me radioactive iodine , and an examination with a Geiger counter . I had electrodes fastened to my head . Water restriction tests . Protein bond tests . Eye tests . Blood cultures . X - rays and more X-rays . Tests . Endless tests . And then one day in the third week , the final examination . A paper chromatography test . Now , don 't be despondent , Mr. Carey . At least we 've found out what is happening to you , gradual loss of nitrogen , calcium , phosphorus . This test may tell us why . I hope so . I think the strip should be dry by now . We should find phospholipid , amino acids , cholesterol , creatinine and protein . These are the elements most commonly found on this strip . Wait a minute . This one doesn 't belong . It certainly doesn 't belong . Here , take a look . Our analysis shows that it 's a rearrangement of the molecular structure of the cells in your body . You mean like a cancer ? No . No , more like an anti-cancer , causing a diminution of all the organs proportionately . Then you know what 's causing me to get smaller . We think we do , Mr. Carey . That 's why I asked you here . Now , I want you to tell me something . Have you ever been accidentally exposed to any kind of germ spray ? In particular , an insecticide ? A great deal of insecticide ? Insecticide ? SILVER : Exactly . Has there ever been a time when you were so exposed ? Do you remember that day I came home and told you about the truck ? Yes , about two months ago . I was on my way to the store through a back alley . As I was walking a truck turned in . It was spraying trees . Do you think that 's what 's causing me to ... No , that was only the beginning . You see , something happened to that insecticide after it was in your system . Something fantastic and unprecedented . Something which , in layman 's terms , so affected the insecticide that from a mildly virulent germ spray , it created deadly chemical reversal of the growth process . Have you been exposed to any type of radioactivity in the past six months ? Oh , no . Of course not . I don 't come in contact with anything like that . I work in an advertising ... Scott , wait a minute ! That day we were on the boat . The boat ? Charlie 's boat . Remember ? Well , yes , I remember , but ... The mist . That mist . Do you want me to drive , honey ? No , I 'm all right . Louise , I want you to start thinking about us , our marriage . Some awful things might happen . There 's a limit to your obligation . Now , wait a minute . Look , I love you . Don 't you know that ? You love Scott Carey . He has a size and a shape and a way of thinking . All that 's changing now . Not a darned thing 's changed . I know I haven 't . When I married you , I meant what I said . And as long as you 've got this wedding ring on , you 've got me . Come on now , let 's go home , huh ? The truth is , I just lost the Bannister account . You know how big that account was . Probably 40 % of my income . Well , it 's gone now , and I just can 't afford to send you your pay checks anymore . You 've done everything that a brother possibly could do . Look , I don 't like to say this , but , well , there 've been some reporters over at the plant . Looks like somebody at the medical center talked about you . I told them there was nothing in it , but one of the reporters stayed behind . He was from the American Press Syndicate . He said they might pay for the story if it 's true . Scott , the story 's going to break anyway eventually . So , whether you make them pay or not , they 're going to make the most of it , so make them pay . No , Charlie . Well , think about it . All right . I 'll think about it . SCOTT : But really , was there any choice ? We owed a great deal of money , and I had no job . There was no choice . None at all . And so I became famous . MAN ON RADIO : And still Robert Scott Carey , known to a nation as the Incredible Shrinking Man , keeps getting smaller . How long will this phenomenon continue ? I want to apply for an unlisted line , please . Top research men at the California Medical Research Institute ... This is a special case . ... are still searching for an anti-toxin ... My name is Louise Carey . My husband ... Carey . C-A-R-E-Y . No one knows . Now , look , we 've got to have an unlisted line . That 's all there is to it . I talked to you yesterday . WOMAN : Has he come out yet ? MAN : How big is he now ? MAN 2 : Have you seen him ? WOMAN : He 's gotta come out some time . Let 's wait . MAN 3 : Have they taken a movie of him ? MAN 4 : What 's the television truck doing here ? We return you now to Magic Melodies . LOUISE : Yes , thank you very much . Scott ? Scott , I 've ... I 've canceled our phone . What ? I said , I 've canceled our phone . They 're gonna try to get us an unlisted line some time next week . What do you mean , " They 're gonna try " ? Why , they 're just gonna try , honey . There are a lot of people waiting for unlisted lines . Didn 't you tell them who you 're married to ? The Incredible Scott Carey ? The shrinking freak ? Scott , don 't . Use your influence , Louise . I 'm a big man . I 'm famous . Please don 't . Those reporters out there . Why don 't you tell them about it ? Give them a new angle for their papers . Or will I save it for my book ? Yeah , that 's what I 'll do . A whole chapter devoted to telephones and one more joke for the world to laugh at ! Scott , people know . They realize , they 're not laughing at you . SCOTT : They 're not ? No . Why not ? It 's funny , isn 't it ? But it is . See how funny I am ? The child that looks like a man . Go on , laugh , Louise . Be like everyone else . It 's all right . Well , why can 't you look at me ? Look at me ! Don 't , Scott ! ( TELEPHONE RINGING ) ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) If they 'd just let us alone . If they 'd just let us alone ! Lou , honey . I 'm sorry . I must be losing my mind , talking to you like this . No , honey . I 'm all right . I know what you must be suffering . Do you ? Yes , I guess it 's been a nightmare for you , too . Maybe we 've forgotten how to hope . But , Scott , there 's so much to hope for . Any day now the doctors say they may find the anti-toxin . Sure . Lou , let 's get out of this place before we both go crazy . Somewhere where nobody can find us . All right , Scott . I 'll look for something . And try ... Try not to worry . No , I 'll let the doctors worry . I 'm two days behind on my book . SCOTT : October 17th . Height , 36 and a half inches . Weight , 52 pounds . We haven 't been able to find a new house , and there still is no privacy , no relief , and no word from the Medical Center . ( TELEPHONE RINGING ) I fear that what life remains to me ... Hello . Yes , this is Carey . Louise ! Yes , Scott . The anti-toxin ! They 've found it . Oh , Scott . Are you sure ? Dr. Silver wants us down there . Right away . There 's something you both must understand . We 're working with unknown factors . Nothing is guaranteed . We 're 50 % sure this will be effective . For the other 50 % , we 'll just have to pray . How long before we 'll know ? Mr. Carey will remain here under observation for a week . We should have the answer by then . Are you ready ? Ready . Weight , 52 pounds . Height , 36 and a half inches . What was last week 's reading ? Weight , 52 pounds . Height , 36 and a half inches . No change , Doctor . It 's all over , Scott . You 're gonna be all right . How long will it take , Dr. Silver , to be normal again ? You can put on your robe now . That will be all , Miss Maltby . Mr. Carey , we seem to have checked the degenerative process of your disease . We 've won that much . At this moment the growth capacity of your body is as limited as any adult 's . Whether or not you 'll grow again is another question . To help you , we face a whole new set of problems . Then I 'll spend the rest of my life like this ? Mr. Carey , I assure you , we 'll go on working . Every day we 'll push our knowledge further , until , one day , we might have the whole answer . Thank you , Doctor . SCOTT : My relationships with the world had ceased with everyone , except my wife . And I knew I was driving Lou from me , but burning inside , adding its own hideous pressure to everything else , was my desperate need for her . Do you want the paper , Scott ? No . No , thank you . Well , I think I 'll turn in . Come on . There . Coming to bed ? Yeah , soon . Well , good night , then . Good night , Louise . ( BUTCH MEOWING ) I felt puny and absurd . A ludicrous midget . Easy enough to talk of soul and spirit and essential worth . But not when you 're three feet tall . I loathed myself , our home , the caricature my life with Lou had become . I had to get out . I had to get away . For the first time since it happened , I ran into the night , alone . BARKER : Hurry , hurry , hurry ! Here it is , folks . The greatest show on the midway . Come on in and see all the freaks and curiosities . See Dolly Dumpling , the Fat Lady . She weighs 840 pounds . When she sits down she shakes and quivers like a bowl of jelly on a cold and frosty morning . See Flamo ! Flamo , the fire-eater . Here is one of the greatest attractions you will ever see in your born days ! You will remember these sights for the rest of your natural life ! Time for the big show ! I would like you to meet a few of the exhibits here on the platform ! And first we have Tiny Tina ! Here she is ! Thirty-six and a half inches of feminine pulchritude ! You 'll see freaks and curiosities assembled from every part of the globe ! The most unusual apparitions assembled under this tent , contrived by a tricky Mother Nature ! Here they are in all their glory ! This exhibit is not only entertaining ... Hurry , hurry , hurry ! Here it is folks . One of the greatest shows on the midway . Come on in and see all the freaks and curiosities . See Dolly Dumpling , the Fat Lady . She weighs 840 pounds . When she sits down she shakes and quivers like a bowl of jelly on a cold and frosty morning . See Flamo ! Flamo the ... CLARICE : Hello . Mind if I sit down ? No , please do . Don 't be late , Clarice . I won 't . Hi . Hi . Pass me the sugar , huh ? Oh , sure . I haven 't seen you here before . You coming with the carnival ? Oh , no , I ... No . Just visiting then , huh ? Yeah . I 'm Clarice Bruce . My name 's Scott Carey . Hi , Scott . Scott Carey ? Look , look , I 'm sorry . Maybe you don 't want any company . No , don 't go . I want you to stay . Talk to me . All right . How do you live with it , Miss Bruce ? What do you do ? I was born a midget . It 's the way I grew up . I know what 's happened to you and , well , that 's different . Different ? That 's another way of saying " alone , " isn 't it ? But you 're not alone now . Still , it must be hard to forget the way things were . Yeah . I 'd like to burn it out of my mind . Maybe the best way to begin is to start thinking about the future . A future ? In a world of giants ? I 've lived with them all my life . Scott , for people like you and me , the world can be a wonderful place . The sky is as blue as it is for the giants , the friends are as warm . I wish I could believe that . You 've got to believe that , don 't you ? Yeah . Give me time , Clarice . I 'll learn . I 'll be late for my show . Look . Can I see you again ? If you like . I would . You know , Scott , you 're taller than I am . May I ? Thank you . SCOTT : That night I got a grip on life again . I went back to work on my book . It absorbed me completely . I was telling the world of my experience . And with the telling , it became easier . I think it 's just fine , Scott . Do you really think so ? I 'm not much of a writer . Just trying to tell what it 's like . Clarice , you don 't know what it 's meant to me , meeting someone like you , someone who understands . But you 're so much better now , Scott . Thanks to you . Not to me . Yourself . You 've just stopped running , that 's all . All I know is , I can wake up in the morning and want to live again . Actually want to live . It 's a funny thing . Sometimes when I 'm working , I begin to think it 's the world that 's changed , that I 'm the normal one . Well , that sounds like a good thing . Everybody out of step but you and me . Come on , I 'll buy you a drink . We can talk about another chapter . What is it , Scott ? Two weeks ago I was taller than you . You said so yourself . Well , yes , I remember , but ... Well , can 't you see ? I 'm shorter now . Oh , Scott . It 's starting again . It 's starting . It 's starting again ! ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) Scott ? Scott ? Scott , are you in there ? Do you have to make such a racket ? I told you what happens in there . I 'm sorry , Scott . I try to be careful . Are you going out ? Well , yes , for a little while . Where ? Well , just to the corner . To the store . You 'll come right back ? Well , of course I will . Now look , why don 't you try to get some rest ? You know Dr. Silver wants to see you again tomorrow . All right . Go ahead . Be sure the doors are locked . ( WIND WHISTLING ) SCOTT : Every day it was worse . Every day a little smaller . And everyday I became more tyrannical , more monstrous in my domination of Louise . Heaven knows how she lived through those weeks . Only I had the power to release her , if I could find the courage to end my wretched existence . But each day I thought , " Perhaps tomorrow . " Tomorrow the doctors will save me . " ( BUTCH SCRATCHING ) ( SNARLING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( BUTCH GROWLING ) Scott ! ( MEOWING ) No . No . No . Oh , Scott . Scott . ... drew deafening applause when he announced that , if elected , he will do everything in his power to reduce taxes . From Los Angeles today , a tragic story , the passing of Robert Scott Carey . The report of the death of the so-called Shrinking Man comes from his brother . Carey 's death was the result of an attack by a common house cat , a former pet in the Carey home . Carey was the victim of the most fantastic ailment in the annals of medicine . Thus ends the life of a man whose courage and will to survive lasted until the very end . A man whose fantastic story was known to virtually every man , woman and child in the civilized world . NURSE : Mr. Carey . Yes ? Now for the sports ... You may go up now . She wants to see you . Is she all right ? Barely resting . The doctor gave her a heavy sedative , but it 's hardly working at all . I see . I 'll get that prescription filled . I 'll be back in a minute . Fine . SCOTT : My return to consciousness was a plunge into a new level of pain . I realized I had fallen into a box . Its walls enclosed me like some gigantic pit . I had to escape out of the box . Somehow I had to reach Louise to survive . The stairs stretched above me , as far as I could see , cliff rising upon cliff . I knew I could never scale them . Louise ! Louise ! The cellar ! Look in the cellar ! Louise , please look for me ! Louise ! Eventually , Louise would come to the cellar . Until then , I had to keep myself alive with whatever resources I could discover in my basement universe and in myself . ( WATER DRIPPING ) The cellar floor stretched before me like some vast , primeval plain , empty of life , littered with the relics of a vanished race . No desert-island castaway ever faced so bleak a prospect . I had discovered a water supply and even a dwelling place . Now , the search for food . I knew my ill-fitting clothes were unsuited to the exertions that lay before me . You can 't stay here , Louise . Not now . I don 't know , Charlie . I don 't know what I want to do . Lou , let me help you . You can stay with us , but just get out of here . If I could just be sure . Charlie , maybe he 's hurt someplace . Maybe he 's lost . We 've looked everywhere . He 's dead . I 'm his own brother . I wouldn 't say a thing like that if I wasn 't sure . You saw the cat . All right . All right . Charlie , have you thought how horrible it must have been ? I just keep thinking that he needed me and I wasn 't there . I wasn 't there . Louise . You 've got to get it out of your mind . I 'll never get it out of my mind . I 'll talk to the real estate people . I never doubted that sometime Louise would come . I couldn 't allow myself to doubt . I had only to exist , to search out enough food to sustain me . I was driven by hunger , and also by the horrible thought that without nourishment the shrinking process was quickening . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) I was weak and faint . Yet I knew in order to exist , I must eat . The food was still a long climb ahead of me . But now , stretching endlessly before me , I found a deep abyss . It was only a box and the space between , yet to me it was the Grand Canyon and the Mammoth Caves combined . Deep , dark , mysterious and dangerous . There was no possible way to cross . No matter how inventive , how resourceful I thought myself , this time , in sight of my goal , it seemed as if I must meet defeat . Suddenly , I saw an opportunity . If I could move the stick to the other side ... I cursed myself . If only I were a little bigger , a little stronger . I realized there was just this one chance , and I had no choice . I had to take it . If I could leap from the paint stick and reach the other side . But there was no time to think , only to act . My prison . Almost as far as I could see , a gray , friendless area of space and time . And I resolved that as man had dominated the world of the sun , so I would dominate my world . In my hunt for food , I had become the hunted . This time I survived . But I was no longer alone in my universe . I had an enemy , the most terrifying ever beheld by human eyes . Charlie , there 's a small trunk that I 'd like to take with me , if you don 't mind . It 's in the basement . I 'll show you where . All right , I 'd better put these in the car first . All right . Oh , no . It 's flooded . CHARLIE : It 's the water heater . I 'd better have a look . This is terrible . I 'll turn the water off . SCOTT : ( FAINTLY ) Louise , look for me . Louise ! Charlie ! Charlie , I 'm here ! Charlie ! Louise ! The water ! Here in the water ! Charlie ! I smell gas . Is that pilot off ? CHARLIE : I 'll turn it off . SCOTT : Louise ! Listen to me ! Louise ! Louise ! Hear me , please ! Please ! Can you fix it ? There . I 'll get a plumber down here tomorrow . Charlie ! CHARLIE : Where 's your drain ? Well , it 's right about there . It must be clogged . Charlie , look for me ! Is that the trunk , Louise ? Oh , yes , Charlie . But don 't bother about it . It 's so wet , I 'll pick it up later . CHARLIE : It 's okay . I want you packed and out of this house tonight . Is that everything , Louise ? Yes , that 's everything . I still had my weapons . With these bits of metal I was a man again . If I was to die , it would not be as a helpless insect in the jaws of the spider monster . A strange calm possessed me . I thought more clearly than I had ever thought before , as if my mind were bathed in a brilliant light . I recognized that part of my illness was rooted in hunger , and I remembered the food on the shelf . The cake threaded with the spider web . I no longer felt hatred for the spider . Like myself , it struggled blindly for the means to live . If I was to fight it , if I was to win the food , then it must be now , while strength remained , while I was still of sufficient size to scale the wall . It was not decision that drove me to the crate , but reflex , as instinctive as the spider 's . My legs trembled , not with fear , but weakness . Yet somehow I felt within myself a new source of power , a giant strength , urging me to the death-struggle . My enemy seemed immortal . More than a spider . It was every unknown terror in the world , every fear fused into one hideous , night-black horror . Still , whatever else had happened , my brain was a man 's brain , my intelligence still a man 's intelligence . An idea came to me . The scissors . Too heavy for me to employ as a weapon , they might have another use . If I could impale the monster with my hook , fastened by a line to the scissors , then push the scissors off the ledge ... Whatever the risk , it was worth a try . I knew sooner or later it would come charging down that web , skimming out blackly toward me . One of us had to die . Come on down . Come on , you devil ! I 'm waiting for you ! Come on ! This was the prize I had won . I approached it in an ecstasy of elation . I had conquered . I lived . But even as I touched the dry , flaking crumbs of nourishment , it was as if my body had ceased to exist . There was no hunger . No longer the terrible fear of shrinking . Again I had the sensation of instinct , of each movement , each thought tuned to some great directing force . I was continuing to shrink . To become what ? The infinitesimal ? What was I ? Still a human being ? Or was I the man of the future ? If there were other bursts of radiation , other clouds drifting across seas and continents , would other beings follow me into this vast new world ? So close , the infinitesimal and the infinite . But , suddenly I knew they were really the two ends of the same concept . The unbelievably small and the unbelievably vast eventually meet , like the closing of a gigantic circle . I looked up , as if somehow I would grasp the heavens . The universe . Worlds beyond number . God 's silver tapestry spread across the night . And in that moment , I knew the answer to the riddle of the infinite . I had thought in terms of man 's own limited dimension . I had presumed upon nature . That existence begins and ends is man 's conception , not nature 's . And I felt my body dwindling , melting , becoming nothing . My fears melted away , and in their place came acceptance . All this vast majesty of creation , it had to mean something . And then I meant something , too . Yes , smaller than the smallest , I meant something , too . To God there is no zero . I still exist .
