 Criswell ( Narrator ) was born Jeron King Criswell on August 18 , 1907 . Criswell was a friend of Ed Wood 's and was in two more of Ed 's movies : " Night of the Ghouls " ( 1959 ) again as narrator and " Orgy of the Dead " ( 1965 ) as the Lord of the Dead . A popular prognosticator of the day in 1969 he wrote a book : " Criswell Predicts : From Now To The Year 2000 ! " Among his predictions was that the world would end in 1999 . Criswell passed away on October 4 , 1982 . " Grave Robbers From Outer Space " was the original title for " Plan 9 . " It was changed apparently at the insistence of the Baptists who were financing the picture . Principal photography on " Plan 9 " took place in August 1956 . The film was completed ( and apparently previewed ) in that year . After more than two years producer J. Edward Reynolds eager to recover the costs he had incurred from production bought the rights to " Plan 9 " from Ed for one dollar . When Reynolds finally found a distributor they required him to pay all distribution costs himself . But he finally got the film released in July 1959 . Bela Lugosi was born Béla Ferenc Dezso Blasko on October 20 , 1882 . He is credited in " Plan 9 " as " Ghoul Man . " The script however referred to him as the " Dracula character " and the film itself only calls him " the old man . " Lugosi 's career began in Hungarian films in 1917 . It ended with " Plan 9 " in 1959 despite his having died on August 16 , 1956 . On the right is our hero Jeff Trent , played by Gregory Walcott . Walcott was born Bernard Mattox on January 13 , 1928 . When " Plan 9 " was made he had already appeared on television and made several movies . " Plan 9 " didn 't hurt his career much . He would work steadily for the next two decades . Walcott is known for heavily disparaging " Plan 9 " over the years . This didn 't stop him accepting the part of a prospective investor in Tim Burton 's 1994 biopic " Ed Wood . " David De Mering ( Danny ) appeared in one more film for Ed " Night of the Ghouls " ( 1959 ) . The gravediggers are played by two of the producers of " Plan 9 " : Associate Producer Hugh Thomas Jr . In the darker clothes and Executive Producer J. Edward Reynolds in the lighter . Reynolds was Ed 's landlord and had secured the financing for " Plan " ... through his local church . The footage of Bela Lugosi that appears in " Plan " ... wasn 't shot for anything in particular . It was basically Ed and Bela improvising for the camera . This footage was shot at the home of fellow Ed regular Tor Johnson . Additional Bela footage existed that Ed hoped to use for another film : " The Ghoul On The Moon . " When Ed went to retrieve the footage , however he found it had deteriorated , so the film was not made . The mourners are played by Ben Frommer and Gloria Dea . Frommer also appeared in Ed 's " Bride of the Monster " ( 1955 ) . " Frommer was born on June 12 , 1913 and died on May 9 , 1992 , having spent 40 years in showbiz . Tor Johnson ( Inspector Clay ) was born Tore Johansson on October 19 , 1903 . He was a pro wrestler working as " The Super Swedish Angel . " He also appeared for Ed as the giant Lobo in both " Bride of the Monster " and " Night of the Ghouls . " Tor made many other films besides the ones he did with Ed including the Bob Hope / Bing Crosby picture " Road to Rio " ( 1947 ) and Hope 's 1951 comedy " The Lemon Drop Kid . " In " Ed Wood " ( 1994 ) Tor is portrayed by another pro wrestler George " The Animal " Steele . Hopefully you enjoyed Tor 's dialogue from the previous scene . They were the only words he ever spoke in an Ed Wood film . For the rest of " Plan 9 " and in his other Ed movies Tor is completely mute . Tor passed away on May 12 , 1971 . Jeff 's wife Paula Trent is played by Mona McKinnon . Mona met Ed when she went to an open audition with Dolores Fuller . Dolores wound up as Ed 's girlfriend and starred in several of his films . Mona also worked with Ed on other projects besides " Plan 9 . " She appeared in a supporting role in 1954 's " Jail Bait " and in footage shot for the unfinished " Hellborn " ... that was incorporated into " Night of the Ghouls . " Ed uses a classic 1950s description of UFOs : " cigar-shaped . " This description usually came from airline pilots who would be seeing the UFO from the side . Coming up is one of the most infamous moments in " Plan 9 . " To the right you can see the famous cardboard gravestone knocked over by an extra 's feet . Standing in for Bela in this scene ( and for most of the film ) is Dr. Thomas Mason , a chiropractor . Mason would appear in and co-finance Ed 's next film " Night of the Ghouls . " Duke Moore ( Lieutenant Daniel Harper ) was born James Moore on July 15 , 1913 . Moore was an old friend of Ed 's from their community theater days . He first worked with Ed on TV commercials in the late 1940s . He would go on to appear in six of Ed 's films ... the last , " Take It Out In Trade , " in 1970 . Moore passed away on November 16 , 1976 . The reverend is portrayed by Reverend Lynn Lemon the pastor at producer J. Edward Reynolds ' church . To help secure the financing Ed was baptized into Lemon 's church and used to call Lemon for advice for years afterward . Much has been written about the flying saucers in " Plan 9 . " Many have claimed that Ed used anything from paper plates to hubcaps to create them . In the 1992 documentary " Flying Saucers Over Hollywood " it is demonstrated that they were in fact store-bought model kits . Tom Keene ( Col. Tom Edwards ) was born George Duryea on December 30 , 1896 in Rochester , New York . Keene was a favorite of Ed 's and appeared in two other Ed projects : 1951 's " The Sun Was Setting " and the 1953 television pilot " Crossroad Avenger : The Adventures of the Tucson Kid . " Keene appeared in over 100 films and television shows ( mostly westerns ) . " Plan 9 " was Keene 's last film . He passed away on August 4 , 1963 . John " Bunny " Breckinridge ( The Ruler ) was born John Cabell Breckinridge on August 6 , 1903 . He was a descendant of U.S. Vice President John Breckinridge who served under President James Buchanan and was a Confederate leader during the Civil War . " Bunny " had intended to undergo a sex-change operation but an auto accident prevented him from having the procedure . He died on November 5 , 1996 . He was portrayed by actor Bill Murray in " Ed Wood . " Dudley Manlove ( Eros ) was a longtime friend of Ed 's . He also appeared in Ed 's " Final Curtain " ... and some of Ed 's industrial films for Autonetics Aviation in the 1960s . Never a major success in film or television Manlove had great success on radio . He passed away on April 17 , 1996 . Pillow hugging is a common reaction to feelings of loneliness . In Japan the phenomenon has spawned products such as dakimakura " hugging pillows " ( life-size pillows with images of female anime or video game characters printed on them ) and the " Romantic Pillow " available in either " boyfriend " or " girlfriend " form with a built-in arm for cuddling . Pillow hugging is also used in aromatherapy with scented pillows serving as the means of delivery . Stewardess Edith is played by Norma McCarty . Norma married Ed in 1955 shortly after he broke up with Dolores Fuller . She left him after only a few weeks when she learned he was a transvestite . The actors found the dialogue in the cockpit scenes to be so bad that most of what ended up in the film was improvised . This footage of Bela was most likely shot in 1955 . Bela is wearing a cape he had previously worn in a stage production of " ' Dracula . " The cape eventually became the property of legendary horror collector and historian Forrest J. Ackerman . Vampira was born Maila Syrjéniemi on December 21 , 1921 . Her professional name is Maila Nurmi . She never made another film for Ed but she did appear in the 1998 film based on Ed 's script " I Woke Up Early The Day I Died . " She first came to national attention on her local movie show " The Vampira Show , " a.k.a. " Movie Macabre . " It was the cancellation of that show that led to her accepting a part in " Plan 9 . " In the years following she did make a few more appearances in films such as " The Magic Sword " ( 1962 ) and " Sex Kittens Go To College " ( 1960 ) . Vampira plays a " Vampire Girl " the resurrected wife of Lugosi 's character . In " Ed Wood " she was portrayed by actress Lisa Marie who was director Tim Burton 's girlfriend at the time . The music in " Plan 9 " was not specifically written for the film . Like stock footage Ed made extensive use of library music for which he would only have to pay a nominal fee ... Joanna Lee 's early career acting in B-movies such as ... " The Brain Eaters " ( 1958 ) and " Plan 9 " ( as Tanna ) would not seem to indicate the great success she would later enjoy as a writer for TV shows such as " My Three Sons , " " The Flintstones " " Bewitched , " " Gilligan 's Island , " and " The Waltons . " She was nominated for an Emmy for the TV movie " Babe " ( 1975 ) and a Director 's Guild award for " My Dad Can 't Be Crazy ... Can He ? " and won a Humanitas Prize for the 1987 TV movie " The Kid Who Wouldn 't Quit : The Brad Silverman Story . " Joanna Lee passed away on October 24 , 2003 . Carl Anthony ( Patrolman Larry ) was another of Ed 's friends . He played a lead role in Ed 's last mainstream film " The Sinister Urge " ( 1960 ) , a film about the porn industry . He would only appear in one more film ... " Raw Force " ( 1982 ) starring Cameron Mitchell . Conrad Brooks ( Patrolman Jamie ) was born Conrad Biedrzycki on January 3 , 1931 . He first met Ed when he and his brothers were visiting Hollywood and Ed agreed to act as cameraman in a short film for them . This footage ( some of the earliest surviving Ed material ) was eventually released on home video . Brooks went on to appear in six films for Ed including " Glen or Glenda " and " Bride of the Monster " ... as well as appearing in " Ed Wood " and " I Woke Up Early The Day I Died . " Beginning in the 1980s he began appearing in countless sub-B movies from " Curse of the Queerwolf " ( 1988 ) and " Ghost Taxi " ( 1999 ) to " Dr. Horror 's Erotic House of Idiots " ( 2003 ) . Brooks was himself portrayed by actor Brent Hinkley in " Ed Wood . " Lyle Talbot was born Lysle Henderson on February 8 , 1902 . During a career that spanned six decades he appeared in over 200 films and over 150 television shows . He was best known to the general public as Joe Randolph the Nelsons ' next-door neighbor on " The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet . " He appeared in many movie serials including both " Batman and Robin " ( 1949 ) as Commissioner Gordon and " Atom Man vs. Superman " ( 1950 ) as villain Lex Luthor . He first worked with Ed in 1953 in both " Glen or Glenda " and the TV pilot " Crossroad Avenger . " He also appeared in Ed 's 1954 noir picture " Jail Bait . " His last acting role was a guest appearance on the sitcom " Newhart " in January 1987 . Talbot passed away on March 2 , 1996 . Sightings of unknown aircraft date as far back as 329 BC when Alexander the Great 's army saw " two silver shields " in the sky . Other historical events include sightings in Japan in 1235 Nuremberg in 1561 , and Basel , Switzerland , in 1566 . The earliest sightings in the United States date from the 1890s . The classic UFO era began in 1947 with Kenneth Arnold 's sighting of several objects in the sky over Mount Rainier , Washington . The UFO craze really took hold in the U.S. in the 1950s with countless movies books and comics devoted to the subject . Although the belief in alien aircraft has dropped off since then recent polls still show that a majority of people believe that extraterrestrial aircraft do in fact exist . There have been many attempts to contact extraterrestrials . One movement devoted to such ideas is called SETI Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence . The basic assumption is that any extraterrestrial life would attempt to contact us and that any such contact would be mutually beneficial . Among the early SETI experiments were the efforts of Frank Drake at Cornell University in 1960 to contact alien life through radio . More recent attempts have included the use of laser and optical devices . To date , despite these many efforts , no concrete evidence has surfaced to conclusively prove the existence of extraterrestrial life . Costume designer Richard Chaney only costumed two other films : The 1956 films " The Boss " and " The Bold and the Brave . " He never designed again after working on " Plan 9 . " The makeup for " Plan 9 " was partly the work of Harry Thomas whose career ran from 1936 until 1975 and spanned over 70 films including " Superman and the Mole Men " ( 1951 ) " The Ten Commandments " ( 1956 ) , and " Little Shop of Horrors " ( 1960 ) . He also worked for Ed on " Glen or Glenda , " " Jail Bait " and " Night of the Ghouls . " He was portrayed by journeyman actor Bob Leonard Termo in " Ed Wood . " Thomas passed away on October 21 , 1996 . " Plan 9 " Cinematographer William C. Thompson worked on all of Ed 's films from " Glen or Glenda " in 1953 in which he also played a judge through " The Sinister Urge , " Thompson 's final film . Thompson shot over 60 films in his career including non-Ed B-pictures like " Racket Girls " ( 1951 ) and Stephen Apostolof 's " Journey to Freedom " ( 1957 ) . In " Ed Wood " Thompson was portrayed by character actor Norman Alden . Thompson passed away on October 22 , 1963 . This is the last snippet of Lugosi footage that appears in " Plan 9 . " Paul Marco , an old friend of Ed 's , plays Patrolman Kelton . Due to the appearance of Kelton , " Plan 9 " serves as a kind of sequel to Ed 's previous film , " Bride of the Monster . " This connection is more explicit in " Night of the Ghouls " when Kelton talks about dealing with " monsters , " " space people , " and " mad doctors . " The " Kelton Trilogy " were the only films Marco appeared in for Ed although he would continue to portray Kelton in public for many years . Watch Dr. Mason 's cape . In a moment it will start to fall off but Mason will catch it and pull it back on . There it goes . Ed did not believe in doing a second take unless the first one was completely unusable . In 2005 Marco appeared as Kelton in two independent films : " The Naked Monster " and " Kelton 's Dark Corner . " In " Ed Wood " Marco was portrayed by Max Casella of " Doogie Howser " fame . " Plan 9 " was shot in a small facility called Quality Studios located on Santa Monica Blvd . Next to the Harvey Hotel . In the years since " Plan 9 " was made it has changed hands several times serving in various capacities for its different owners . It is still standing today . Ed Wood was born Edward Davis Wood Jr ... on October 10 , 1924 , in Poughkeepsie , New York . He lived there until 1942 , when he enlisted in the Marines . He served in the South Pacific , seeing action in several battles . He was one of only about 400 U.S. survivors of the 40,00 troops who invaded the Tarawa islands in November 1943 . Upon returning from the war Ed studied film under the G.I. Bill . He then made his way to Hollywood around 1947 hoping to break into the movies . He first worked in Hollywood for Universal Studios as a " production assistant " on many B-grade films . It was there that Ed first met actors such as Lyle Talbot . His first professional work was for a production company he founded with Crawford John Thomas to make TV commercials . Ed produced over 150 commercials , according to his 1950s résumé . Ed 's first feature film was 1953 's " Glen or Glenda . " He followed that in 1954 with the noir-style crime drama " Jail Bait " ... that introduced future " Hercules " actor Steve Reeves . After " Plan 9 " Ed directed only one more feature : 1960 's " The Sinister Urge , " although he would also direct a few nudie and adult films in the late ' 60s / early ' 70s . The last film Ed directed was the 1971 porn film " Necromania " ... a tale of two young lovers with sex problems played by real-life couple Ric Lutze and Rene Bond who seek the help of a sorceress to relieve their troubles . Most of Ed 's output post : " Plan 9 " was as a screenwriter . He wrote or co-wrote over half a dozen movies for exploitation director Stephen Apostolof and several more for other directors . Ed also acted throughout those years appearing in small parts for Apostolof as well as starring in the 1969 comic nudie film ... " The Love Feast , " a.k.a. " Pretty Models All In A Row . " Ed wrote several " adult " novels to pay the bills in the ' 60s and ' 70s . These included titles such as : " Black Lace Drag , " a.k.a. " Killer In Drag , . " " Death of a Transvestite , " a.k.a. " Let Me Die In Drag , . " " Devil Girls , " " Hell Chicks , " " Security Risk " as well as two novels on the Watts uprisings : 'Watts ... The Difference " and ' Watts .. After . " Among Ed 's last commissioned work was a script for director Fred Olen Ray entitled " Beach Blanket Bloodbath . " The script was never completed but Ray shot some footage based on the material on the set of his 1988 film " Star Slammer . " Ed and Kathy Wood were evicted from their apartment in 1978 and went to live with actor Peter Coe . It was while staying there that Edward D. Wood Jr. passed away on December 10 , 1978 , at age 54 . Since its release " Plan 9 " as shown up all over the world . Some of its alternate titles are : " Plan 9 Aus Dem Weltall " ( Germany ) i.e. " Plan 9 From The Universe " " Vampiros del Espacio " ( Argentina ) i.e. " Vampires from Space " " Espectros del Espacio " ( Brazil ) i.e. " Spectres from Space " " Plano 9 do Vampiro Zombie " ( Portugal ) i.e. " Plan 9 of the Zombie Vampire . " In the 1980s " Plan 9 " served as the basis for a musical called appropriately enough " Plan Nine : The Musical . " It added a great deal of intentional humor and sexual innuendo not found in the original . In 1990 Malibu Comics published a comic book adaptation of " Plan " while Eternity comics put out an " official " sequel a year later : " Plan 9 From Outer Space : Thirty Years Later . " In 1990 Malibu also published the screenplay to " Plan 9 . " It was sold as being " Original Uncensored and Uncut . " It was edited by Tom Mason and most likely based on his copy . In 1993 a pornographic parody of " Plan 9 " was produced entitled " Plan 69 From Outer Space . " Although it does not follow the same plot as " Plan " it has many similarities . These include scenes set in an unconvincing cockpit on a patio and in a woman 's bedroom . The aliens fly a spaceship that looks suspiciously like a paper plate and are reviving the dead for their own nefarious plans . It was followed by a remake of " Glen or Glenda " entitled " Glen and Glenda " which adhered more closely to the originals plot even to the point of using Ed 's own dialogue in several scenes . In 2005 a video game called " Destroy All Humans ! " was released that featured unlockable footage from " Plan 9 From Outer Space . " In 1981 " Plan 9 " was named 'Worst Film of All Time " in the book " The Golden Turkey Awards . " " In the same book Ed was named 'Worst Director of All Time . " Despite these " awards " ( or perhaps because of them ) Ed 's popularity has only grown over the years . His films see regular release on home video and DVD there are film festivals dedicated to his work and his life has been documented on shows such as ... " The Incredibly Strange Film Show " ( in 1989 ) " Mysteries and Scandals " ( in 1999 ) and in the film " Ed Wood " where he was played by Johnny Depp . " Ed Wood " was a box office failure but won two Academy Awards : The first for makeup the second for Martin Landau ' s portrayal of Bela . Memorabilia from Ed 's movies regularly runs to hundreds ( if not thousands ) of dollars . Even his cheap sleazy novels have become valuable collector 's items . With Ed 's filmography being regularly revisited ( particularly " Plan 9 " ) he and his films continue to garner new fans year after year . His legacy seems assured and his work will likely never be forgotten .
