 Neal , what do you suppose the missión is ? Send Captain Patterson and his crew in , Yes , sir . Go in , please . Good morning , gentlemen . Professor Konrad , Captain Patterson , Lieutenant Cruze , Lieutenant Turner . How do you do , Professor ? We 're honored , sir . It 's a pleasure , gentlemen . I have a missión for you , Captain . You 're to ferry Professor Konrad to Space Station A. You 're disappointed , Captain ? Missión not important enough for you ? Oh , it isn 't that , sir . Well , anything Professor Konrad does is important . Space Station A is his brainchild . He fought for it . He built it . It 's just that , we were hoping for a crack at the exploratory orbit around Mars . You 'll get it . You and your men have earned the chance . But this missión is of the gravest importance . There are indications of serious trouble up there . Professor Konrad will tell you about it when you 're underway . Until then , you 're not even to discuss this with anyone . Yes , sir . Departure at 1400 . Your navigational data is being checked out . Good luck , gentlemen . At ease . - Doctor . - Lieutenant . Lieutenant . Pleasure , Captain . A lousy milk run . And we 're stuck with it . Look , we 're the guys who made the first orbit around the moon . We 're not ordinary space jockeys . They got freighters for that routine stuff . You heard what the Colonel said . This is a missión of the gravest importance . What 's important about a taxi run to that bus depot up there ? Bus depot ? I 'm sorry , sir . I ... No , no , Lieutenant . It 's a good name for it . It is a way station in space , spinning tirelessly 10,000 miles above our Earth , where travelers in space can take on oxygen , fuel , supplies of all kinds for their journeys - to the far reaches of the universe . - Yes , sir . - Welcome aboard , Doctor . - Thank you , Captain . Excuse me , sir . They 're still fueling the second stage . The liquid oxygen . I should know . I 've seen enough of these rockets blow up in my time . - Departure on time , Captain ? - Yes , we 'll be ready . Our navigation is all preset for us , recorded on tape and fed into our autopilot . I still want Lieutenant Turner to check it , though . - Hey , where is that guy ? - Where else ? But , Larry , spaceships are dangerous . I mean , what if it should get lost up there ? Or blow up or something ? Oh , I wouldn 't know what to do without you . I 'm sorry , baby , but I don 't have any other choice . I 'm the navigator , and they can 't make a move without me . He 's saying goodbye to a friend . Lieutenant Turner , report to the ship on the double , Oh , Larry . On the double , Lieutenant . So long , honey . Don 't do anything I wouldn 't do . Bye . Thanks . That was a pretty dirty trick , if you don 't mind my saying so , sir . Come on . Let 's get this show on the road . Better look over that flight plan again . Ready , Professor ? It 's almost takeoff time . Ready , Captain . Starfire to Control Room , ready to take off . Zero plunge , Twenty , nineteen , eighteen , seventeen , sixteen , fifteen , fourteen , thirteen , twelve , eleven , ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one , fire , - You all right , Doctor ? - Y es . Y es , I 'm all right . First stage burnout , two seconds late . Second stage , right on the nose . We should be on predicted course and speed . - Good . Verify it with the base . - Yes , sir . - Let 's take a look at your baby . - Fine . Fine . There it is . Your way station in space . A few hours cruising , and we 'll be there . How many times have you made this run , Doctor ? 100 or more , I should say . I fought for the idea of a space station for many years , but it wasn 't until that memorable day in 1957 , when the first satellite was rocketed into space , that I got any support . 22 years ago , July 1963 , we put the first materials for the space station into orbit around the Earth . 22 years ago , the first brave men stepped out into space , with 10,000 empty miles beneath them to assemble that material . Dr. Konrad , the Colonel said there were indications of serious trouble up there . What did he mean ? They 've made some disturbing observations from the space station . Apparently , we have some deadly neighbors in outer space . Earth may be in mortal danger . Captain , there 's something strange going on out there . Some sort of a beam . What is it ? A beam , a ray . Energy of some kind , God knows what . It 's gone ! It just blew up ! Good men . Good men on her . Captain , it 's coming towards us . Hang on ! Prepare for maximum acceleration . It 's overtaking us ! It looks like snow . No , that ain 't snow , Mike . That 's ángel hair . We done died and gone to heaven . Captain . Give me a hand here , men . Captain 's been hurt . - His head 's cut . - This must be what hit him when all that stuff was flying around the cabin . It 's a small cut . There may have been concussión . Where are we ? I was afraid you might ask that , Captain . Lieutenant Turner here says we 're in heaven . Mr. Cruze doesn 't seem to agree . Myself , I 'd vote for Alaska . Alaska ? It 's a bad joke , my boy . I 've no idea where we are . But first things first . How do you feel now ? Oh , I 'm all right , except for the headache . Captain , what hit us ? The same thing that blasted the space station , I guess . It picked us up like a chip of wood in a flash flood . That it did . Automatic landing controls must have worked perfectly , or we 'd be splattered over 100 acres . Did you get a report off the base ? No , the radio 's knocked out , both transmit and receive . Captain , are we back on Earth ? Easy enough to find out . Larry , would you see if the artificial gravity is still working ? - Yeah , it 's working . - Turn it off . 0.887 . Then we 're not on Earth . I tell you , we 're in heaven . Take a look at that speed indicator . Over 100 miles a second . We could have been going twice that fast . Or 10 times that . We could be almost anywhere . What about Mars ? Mars has polar snowcaps . It also has a surface gravity of 0.38 . We 'd all be bouncing around like ping-pong balls . Why don 't we check outside ? I 'll break out the pressure suits . We may not need them . The gravity is so close to Earth 's , the atmosphere should be breathable . Easy enough to find out . You 're right . We won 't need the pressure suits or the oxygen . - Got a hunch , Professor ? - Yes , yes , I do . If it proves to be correct , we will have made the most fantastic voyage in history . What is it , Doc ? Where are we ? Yeah , come on , Doc , give . I want to be sure . Captain , I want to explore a bit down there below the snowline . All right . We 'll all go . About that hunch of yours , Professor , you still got it ? It 's no longer a hunch , Captain . I 'm sure . - We 're on the planet Venus . - What ? At its closest , Venus is 26 million miles from Earth . You don 't just accidentally land on a planet 26 million miles away . That 's what I would have said , but it appears all things are possible in space . We don 't know how fast we were traveling , nor how long we were unconscious , but of one thing I 'm sure , this is Venus . Yeah , but , Doc , what about all those things we learned at school ? You know , the atmosphere of Venus is supposed to be unbreathable . The cloud layer 's so thick that no light ever gets through . And with a surface temperature higher than the boiling point of water . Yes , I know . I subscribe to many of those theories myself . I even helped formulate some of them . But it appears I 'm closer to the problem now . Not a sound . Not even the hum of an insect . Is this a dead planet , except for us ? I don 't know . I don 't know . Was that a bird or an animal ? My guess is that was an electronic signal of some kind . Electronic signal ? Did the hackles cut through the back of my shirt , Mike ? They came up high enough . Let 's get this straight , Doctor . Electronic signals could only be made by humans . Not necessarily humans , Neal . Intelligent beings perhaps , yes , but , who knows what form they may have taken . It could be insects with tremendous mental powers . You know , the Doctor 's right . Once I read one of those thriller dollar magazines that told all about the life on the planet Venus . They had these little bitty guys , about so high . Green bodies , green blood , heads like king-sized turnips . They had beautiful eyes , though , waving around on the end of two-foot feelers . You can see the advantage , Mike . All they had to do was bend them around behind their head , and they can see what 's sneaking up on them . That sound definitely passed directly over our heads . Well , there 's nothing out there , I 'm happy to report . I can 't stop thinking of Berger and the others on the space station . All gone . If one of those weirdies with the floating eyes catches up to us , we 'll be gone , too . You 're a cheerful little thing tonight . Why 'd you ever give up that job as master of ceremonies in the Chamber of Horrors ? All right , all right , boys . - Who 'll take the first watch ? - I 'll take it . - I couldn 't sleep anyway . - You got it . You guys go ahead and sack out . If I see any of those little green men , I 'll faint . The sound of my body falling will wake you up . I wouldn 't worry . The fire ought to keep them away . How do you know ? How do you know ? They might try to come around to get warm . Just checking . See if you 're on your toes . Good night . Well , Mike , you 've been away from Earth too long . Hey , you kids play rough . All right , doll , all right . - We have found the intruders . - Good , Bring them in , We shall do so . They speak English . Go ! Go ! Go ! I believe we 'd better accept the invitation . Yeah , the way those shooting irons of theirs work , I 'm with you , Doc . Well , you heard what the babe said . Little green men . I hate them ! I hate them ! I hate them ! I hate them ! What do you suppose is the matter with her ? I don 't know . What 's she picking on me for ? I didn 't do anything . Go ! - I don 't think they like strangers . - I don 't think they like men . Yeah . Where are the men ? Well , what now ? My guess is they want to look us over . That 's fair enough . Larry 's sure looking them over . You 're not fooling . How do you like that blonde ? Wow . Hey , Mike , how 'd you like to drag that to the senior prom ? Professor , what do you make of all this ? There 's nothing but women . Perhaps this is a civilization that exists without sex . You call that civilization ? Frankly , no . That 's the chief ? I am Yllana , ruler of the city of Kadir and queen of this world . Why are you here ? We 're amazed that you speak our language . You shouldn 't be . We have monitored your electronic waves for many years . I see . I 'm Captain Patterson . This is Professor Konrad , Lieutenant Turner , Lieutenant Cruze . We came from Earth on a peaceful missión , but our ship was thrown off course , and we crashed here . This is Venus , is it not ? I believe that is your name for our planet . If your people will help us repair the damage to our craft , we 'll leave as soon as possible . No , Captain . If we let you go , you will return and make war on us . That 's not true . The people of Earth have always been aggressive and warlike . We told you , our missión was a peaceful one . You betrayed yourselves , Captain . When my guards found you , your first reaction was to kill . But we thought we were being attacked . We were merely defending ourselves . I do not believe you . I know how belligerent and quarrelsome you Earthmen are . The Council will decide your fate . The men from Earth have had their audience with Yllana . She sent them to the prison chamber . - What sort of men are they ? - They seem strong and brave . Their leader insisted they 're on a peaceful missión , but Yllana did not believe him . Do you believe him , Motiya ? His eyes told me he spoke the truth . I will talk to them . I must be sure that they can be trusted . The Council has deliberated . - lt is our decisión that you lied . - We told you the truth ! You came here to spy on us , to prepare for invasión . What is the plan of attack ? This is utter nonsense . There 's no plan of attack . Doctor , you are a man of intelligence . You must see how futile this stubbornness is . As a man of science , I assure you , Earth has never considered Venus to be inhabited , or inhabitable . Lieutenant Turner ? I haven 't heard of any plans . Why don 't you girls knock off all this Gestapo stuff and try to be a little friendly ? You ! What have you to say ? Oh , I 'm just fine , ma 'am . How 's all your folks ? You will die ! But first you will scream for mercy when we force the truth from you . Take them away ! And I 'm the guy that said this was gonna be a lousy milk run . Very interesting so far . Be more interesting when we find out what they 're going to do with us . Well , Venus is an awfully nice place to visit , but I certainly wouldn 't want to live here . Not much hope of breaking out . Surprise one of the guards . Get a hold of one of those ray guns . Neal , why do you suppose the queen and her councilors wear those masks ? I 'd assume for the same reason that Oriental potentates made their wives wear veils . Oh , you mean so the hoi polloi can 't take a peek . Something like that . Brother ! They must be knockouts , judging by what there is to see . Those masked beauties may be knockouts to you , but I have sense of foreboding about them . A feeling of something monstrous , evil . So do I . I didn 't say anything to the queen . I didn 't want to put her on guard . But I 'm beginning to think our being here isn 't an accident . I 'm afraid I must agree with you . What 's that ? What 's that ? The ray that destroyed the space station and knocked us off our course may have originated right here . Oh , come off it . How could a bunch of women invent a gizmo like that ? Sure , and even if they invented it , how could they aim it ? You know how women drivers are . I will take that . Groceries . Man , they 're getting beautifuller and beautifuller . - The queen wants you to eat . - Yeah , so we 'll eat . Hey , you know , it 's good . But don 't tell me what it is . Extend our thanks to the queen . And please ask her to grant us a further discussión . I 'm afraid no amount of discussión would help . Surely , we can make her understand . But the queen doesn 't wish to understand . She has nothing but hatred in her heart . Sounds downright subversive . - Who are you ? - I 'm Talleah . I 'm a member of the queen 's court . I came here to tell you that your lives are in great danger . Maybe I could help . Fine . We can use a little help , baby . Hold it . Queen Yllana would kill anyone who tried to help us , wouldn 't she ? Yes . - We can 't allow you to risk your life . - Why not ? I 'm not alone . There are many of us who are against the queen 's cruelties . We would like to see her banished . If you help us , we are going to help you . I know everything . I heard the verdict . It 's dangerous for you to come here . I must take that risk and so must you . Otherwise , the Earth is going to be destroyed . Earth destroyed ? By who ? Yllana and that bunch of masked marvels of hers ? Don 't underestimate the queen . Ten Earth years ago , our world became involved in war with the planet Mordo . It was a terrible war . We fought with weapons of great power , and we still were nearly defeated . Finally , Mordo was destroyed . However , the war was won at great cost . Most of our cities were destroyed , and now they are lost to the jungle . But what has this to do with Earth ? We suffered greatly . And that is when we women took over . Go on . We were led by a masked woman called Yllana . Masked ? Why ? Nobody seems to know . You mean , you 've never seen her face ? No , but she is said to be very beautiful . You said Yllana led a revolt ? She said that men caused the ruin of this world , and it was time for women to take it over . She became our queen with an absolute power over life and death . That 's incredible . How did she manage to overthrow the men ? They didn 't take her seriously . They were preparing for war . After all , she was only a woman . Well , what happened to them ? To the men . They 're all gone . You mean , they 're all dead ? Not all of them . Some of them she needed . Scientists , mathematicians . She banished them to Tyrus , a small satellite that circles Venus . It became a prison colony . Then , we 're the only men on the whole planet ? Yes . Wow ! No wonder they locked us up . Yllana knows that the Earth has been making scientific progress , and she 's afraid that they might attack us . That 's why she wants to destroy the Earth . She must be mad . She boasts that weapons made by her scientists can destroy the Earth . The destruction of the space station . That was the work of one of those weapons ? Yes . Then Earth may indeed be doomed . Yeah , if she could knock out the space station the way she did , bam , maybe she could wipe out the Earth . Yllana sends for you . I think she wants you , Neal . Sounds like an invitation to a royal working-over . - Look , no bunch of dames ... - Turner , don 't be a fool . You heard what that Yllana said she 'd do to us ? Yes , I heard what she said . Also , I watched her . Believe me , Captain Patterson , she only had eyes for you . That 's it . Maybe Yllana has more on her mind besides military information . Neal , why don 't you give her the old romance bit ? You know , give her that old black magic . - Queen Yllana ? - She 's a woman , isn 't she ? Yes . Remember the legend of Achilles ' heel . No one , man or woman , is completely invulnerable . Now listen , skipper , maybe I 'm the fellow that ought to have all this romantic razzmatazz . Sorry , I don 't think Yllana 's your type . What do you mean ? If she 's a woman , she 's my type . That old stuff again . How can a doll as cute as that be such a pain in the neck ? All right , Romeo , I 'll give it a whirl if I get the chance . You know , there 's a certain irony in the fact that our lives , and perhaps the lives of everyone on Earth may depend on Captain Patterson 's sex appeal . If she 'd have only picked me . I 'd get her under a tree with a full moon and all that romantic jazz . Do they have a moon on the planet Venus ? Yes , they have several , but you 'll never see them because of the dense cloud cover . She picked the right guy , don 't worry . I hate her ! I hate that queen ! She 's jealous . 26 million miles from Earth , and the little dolls are just the same . Good evening , Captain Patterson . Is anything the matter ? Why , no , no . Bring me a glass of wine , Captain , and one for yourself . Now , drink with me . Refreshing , don 't you think ? It 's distilled from fruits and flowers found nowhere else in the universe . You 're right . It 's delicious . It 's exciting and mysterious as Queen Yllana . I 'm sorry my men and I gave the wrong impressión , but , a strange new world , our nerves were on edge . You needn 't bother to explain , Captain . I understand perfectly . I hope so . It was scarcely good manners . You can make your apology sound most convincing . And , you 'll accept it ? Let us say , I 'll consider it . It doesn 't depend on your deft phrases and your undeniable charm , Captain , but as I indicated in our first meeting , your common sense . My common sense ? I mean quite frankly , Captain , if you do not give us a truthful explanation of your visit here , the Council sentence will be carried out to the letter . I assume you 'll weigh the consequences . But I wonder , have you considered the alternative ? The alternative ? Even a queen can be lonely , Captain . I 've never admitted it until now . Yllana . The moment I saw you in the Council chamber , I felt a weakness most unbecoming to a queen . But not unbecoming to a lovely woman . - Take off your mask . - No . You 're certainly making it difficult . I can see you are no novice at this , Captain . Did you promise your men you 'd sweep me off my feet ? Use your male magnetism to win freedom for all of you ? Certainly not . Whatever gave you that idea ? Come , Captain , you don 't really hope to deceive me . We 're not fools . Your space station was an outpost from which you intended to attack us . How many times must I tell you ? That 's not true . I 've warned you , Captain . You will speak the truth or suffer the consequences . - What is the plan of attack ? - There is no plan of attack . Let me show you what happens to those who oppose me . Look , Captain . The beta disintegrator . - This is what destroyed the space station . - Yes . And it will destroy the Earth just as easily . But the people , the lives of those countless millions . I admit the men of Earth have been quarrelsome and foolish in the past , but they mean no harm to your world . I swear it . I understand you better than you do yourself . You 're denying man 's love , substituting hatred and a passión for this monstrous power you possess . Monstrous ? You 're not only a queen , you 're a woman , too . And a woman needs a man 's love . Let me see your face . For that you will die . I 'm sorry , I didn 't understand . Radiation burns . Men did this to me . Men and their wars . You say I need the love of a man . Very well . Now that you know , will you give me that love , Captain ? - I didn 't realize . - You didn 't realize ! Guards ! Guards ! It was atomic radiation that disfigured her . I think it 's affected her mind . And it certainly would account for her hatred of men and wars . I was clumsy . I should have known . Don 't blame yourself . No one suspected , not even Talleah . Just the same , I failed . It was our last chance . Well , what are we gonna do , just sit around and wait for those dames to polish us off with the ray guns ? Easy , Mike . Hey , there 's only two of them . Let 's rush them . - Mike , don 't be silly . - Well , it 's better than sitting around , waiting for something to happen . Come on . No , No ! Friend . Talleah . Come . - I was so worried about you . - We 're all right . These are my friends , Motiya and Kaeel . They are also your friends . Hiya , dolls . Glad to have you on our side . We have no time to waste . I 've found out that the queen plans to destroy the Earth in two days . Maybe she wasn 't bluffing . Where is the machine ? The beta disintegrator ? It is housed deep in the jungle . An underground tube runs to it from Kadir , but it is well-guarded . Then we 'll have to go overland . Can we get out of the city ? It 's not going to be easy , but we are going to try it . Talleah , no need for you and your friends to risk your lives . It 's our fight . If we can disable the machine , we 'll come back to help you . - But we want to come with you . - Yes , we want to come with you . We have no life here without love , children . All right , you and your friends can come along . Thank you . Your weapons are here . We 're going to teach you how to use them . Look in the laboratory . Take them ! Take them ! Hide . Come ! Come ! I didn 't call for you . What do you want ? You are disturbing my work . What do you want ? Get out . Get out of here . You are not needed here . I ordered , get out ! All exits are sealed . It 's impossible to escape from the palace . We 'll try to fight our way through . I know a way they may not think of . Come on . The Earthmen must be found , and I want them taken alive . The richest reward to their captors . No , no , please . No ! This is the traitor who helped the prisoners escape . No , no , she 's mistaken . I swear it , Yllana . Houdina has always been loyal to her queen . Release her . You may go . It seems I 'm always being forced close to you . Oh , that 's all right . I 'm not the type to complain . Air Force , you know . We learn to handle almost any emergency . Promise you 'll stay close to me no matter what happens . Oh , yes . Gosh , yes . Yllana 's detection devices are relentless . Why , they might even track us down by our heartbeats . Boy , I 'm really giving her a target right now . You 're very pretty . You 're handsome . Is there any special reason for taking your friends along ? Yes , because if we can 't change the civilization here , I thought perhaps we can go someplace and start one on our own . She 's straightforward about it , anyway . I hope you realize , Captain , this leaves you with a grave responsibility . Well ... I 'm sure that the Captain is dependable in everything . Looks like we lost them . I guess we can rest a bit . They 're bombarding us by radar control . They located us by infrared detection . Radar can 't track us in there . The metallic streaks on the wall . You 're right , Neal . No radar impulses can reach us here . Do you realize that 's gold ? The whole planet must be veined with it . What is so different about gold ? We have much here . It 's incredible . You know , under other circumstances , this would be so wonderful . You beside me , watching the fire , the two of us planning the future . I must admit I was thinking about the same thing . But then again , we might have no future at all . Tell me , Captain , were you happy on your planet ? I was doing work that I liked . I 'd gotten a little recognition . Yes , I 'd say I was pretty content . Were you really ? No . I hadn 't found the girl I wanted , if that 's what you 're getting at . I 'm glad you said that . I would be terribly jealous . Talleah , you 're amazing . Why , you know , on Earth , a girl would rather die than show her real feelings . We have an old saying , " A man chases a girl until she catches him . " How silly . What a silly waste of time . I think if a girl wants a man , she should tell him so . You 're very beautiful , Talleah . I 'm glad you noticed . It took you such a long time . I noticed from the first . And I noticed that I wanted to kiss you from the very beginning . - Comfortable ? - Yes , very . - I think the fire 's going out . - No , it isn 't . Oh , the fire . Larry , get some more wood , will you ? What do you mean , " Larry , get some more wood " ? What 's the matter with , " Mike , get some more wood " ? This is one time when the seniority really pays off . Turner , more wood . Save my place . Yes , sir . No , I 'll get it , Lieutenant . I 'm not busy . We don 't really need any more wood . Look here ! Guards outside . They found our trail . No . No use to fight . They 'd simply surround us and starve us out . They 're too many . How long could we last without food or water ? - You 're sure they know we 're in here ? - Yes , I 'm sure . - I say let 's make a break for it . - Wait a minute . - Nobody knows you helped us . - No . All right . So far as Yllana 's concerned , you 're still a loyal subject . You all are . So loyal , in fact , that you followed us here and recaptured us . Yes . Of course . Come on . It has to look good . March us out . Come on . Guards ! Help me with the prisoners . We are going to take the prisoners back to Kadir . Talleah has recaptured the Earthmen . We shall return with them immediately . Talleah has recaptured the fugitives , Good . Have them taken to my quarters . Push forward the preparations with all possible speed . Guards will remain here . Man , I just aged 10 years out there . What if those guards had insisted on coming in here with us ? Nice going , Talleah . I 'm disappointed in you , Captain , attempting this foolhardy escape . You should have known it would be impossible . Perhaps you would have been more disappointed if I hadn 't tried . Perhaps . But you 'll never get another chance , I assure you . I am going to allow myself the exquisite pleasure of watching you while I obliterate the Earth . Then you will be executed . Well done , Talleah . I promised a rich reward for the captor , and you shall have it . I don 't want your reward . One move , and I kill you . You 're all through . You 've had it . Traitors ! You know what this means . Freedom for our people . These women aren 't alone . There are thousands like them , desperately wishing for the old order . And now they 're going to have it . My subjects are grateful to me . I 've kept peace . Peace is not enough . They must also be content . - Women can 't be happy without men . - You 're so right , baby . Do you want to be hated , Yllana ? I don 't think you 're a tyrant . I think you 're just a woman who 's been hurt , hurt so badly you can never repay it . Is that understanding , Captain , or pity ? Call it what you want . I 'm giving you a chance to save your life . First , you 'll go to that tele-viewer screen of yours and give orders to suspend all work on the beta disintegrator . I 'll give no such orders . And you will contact the guards on Tyrus and tell them to free all the men . And if I refuse , Captain ? The alternative wouldn 't be a pleasant one . No , I suppose not . I 've shown no mercy . I should expect none . That was a stupid thing to do , Yllana ! You ought to know when you 're beaten . Beaten ? You 're beaten , Captain . No one but I can give the orders you want , and I 'll die before I give them ! You know , Neal , it sounds like she means it . That 's great , just great ! Is it true ? The orders must come from Yllana ? Yes . And the orders are going to come from Yllana . Of course . I 'm going to put on one of her dresses . Come on , girls . Help me . I 'm sorry . - We could have ruled this planet together . - Not your way , Yllana . You would have done so if I had been as beautiful as Talleah . - Once I was beautiful . - Yes . I 'm sure you were . - Tie her up ! - Let me go ! - Put her in back of that screen . - lt 'll be a pleasure . Let me go ! You 're hurting me . Let me go ! Let me go ! You 're hurting me . Let me go ! You 'll pay for this . You 'll all pay ! You look like her twin sister . Disguised like that , you can take us right to the machine , give us our chance to destroy it . Are any of the personnel at the disintegrator base loyal to you ? - 10 or even more . - We 'll need them . You better go ahead and tell them that we are coming . Alert them to help us if necessary . We 'll do our best . No , that way . We may not have a chance to talk later . We may not even live through the day . I just want to say while I have the chance , I love you . Love . I 've almost forgotten , but if it is that warm feeling that makes my heart sing , then I , too , love you . We must hurry . We have no time to lose . Don 't forget . We 're your prisoners . Get rid of those guns . Yllana ! Get out ! I didn 't send for you . What are you looking for ? You 're disturbing me . Traitor . Now don 't jump to conclusions . Please ! Now , if you 'll just give me a second - I can explain . - Silence , man . So , the beautiful , loyal Talleah . - Let me kill her now . - No , not yet . They shall die . Talleah , Motiya , all of them , but not until they 've witnessed my greatest triumph . For her treachery , Talleah will die last , and most horribly of all . I could spare your life . I must say , this baby looks like it can do it . Yes . I believe they 've solved the problem of projecting nuclear energy . You will be interested to hear that the weapon will be ready to fire in a few minutes . Well , Captain , no comments ? I think you 're out of your mind . A person like you must appreciate this achievement , Professor . One touch of a tiny red button , and Earth will become a wasteland , and the mountains will crumble into dust . It 's monstrous . Will nothing keep you from going through with this ? Nothing , Professor ! You disappoint me . I thought you would be fascinated . Many would envy you this privilege , Professor . If you 've got a crazy notion to blast somebody , blast us . In due time , Lieutenant . In due time . Look ! Over there ! My electronic telescope makes every detail clear . It took untold millions of years to create the planet you call Earth . Watch it closely , Earthmen . It will be destroyed in a matter of seconds . Watch it ! And now the brave men who have helped us to get back our freedom and our happiness are about to depart . Their ship has been repaired , and there is nothing that stands in their way to go back to their own planet . If you must go , promise me you 're going to come back to me . I don 't want to go , Talleah , believe me . I want to stay here with you . But , Larry , you said you loved me . Oh , baby , I do , I do . These past few days have been wonderful . I mean , getting to know you and all . Can 't you delay your departure a day or two ? I 'm sorry . No . - Where 's Larry ? - Where else ? Larry . I gotta go . I 'll be back as soon as I can . - I was just being polite to the girl . - Sure , sure . Come on . We have to get going . You 're going to come back to me . The electronic tele-viewer is working . Earth answers us . Wonderful ! My orders to Captain Patterson are not to attempt a return flight in the Starfire . I will not risk his life or the lives ofhis men in a patched-up ship , Therefore , Captain , you and your crew will remain on the planet Venus until a relief expedition can reach you , I know you men are anxious to return home , Colonel , are you kidding ? But you must bear your privations and your hardships bravely , Hardships ? Oh , I will , Colonel . I will . Bravely . Yes , sir . It may be a year or more before we can get to you , You had your technicians working day and night . You arranged this whole ... A year .
