 [ Dramatic orchestral music ] * And the lord said , " I will destroy man whom I have created " From the face of the earth ; " Both man , and beast , and the creeping thing , " And the fowls of the air ; For it repenteth me that I have made them . " [ Sorrowful string music ] * Make that line fast . Everybody ashore . Strange . We can only see a small part of the island from this spot , But yet you can feel lack of welcome , Lack of abiding life , eh ? Yeah , I felt the same when I came here To water rescue your first team . I not only knew that they were gone , But that they were lost completely and forever , Body and soul . Please , lieutenant , Some of those men were our friends From the same institute . Sorry , miss hunter . I 'm not so sure you are right , monsieur quinlan . Maybe their bodies are gone , But who can tell of their souls , eh ? Maybe if I call to them they will answer ... Their ghosts will answer . Mclane ! Hello ! [ Echoing ] Hello ! Mclane ! [ Birds shrieking ] Where is the house , lieutenant ? Well , you can 't see it from the shore . It 's back in the hills at the head of that gorge , Just hidden in the cliff . How fitting . Might as well have a look at it . Well , they 're coming in With a second load of supplies from the plane . Now let 's set right up . Hold your headway ! You 're gonna broach ! Tate , sit down in there ! Well , get him up ! I see him . He 's on the bottom . [ Screams ] What 's afoul up there ? God help us . Cover him . You know , I wish they 'd get back . I don 't like being out here all alone With old Tate 's rigor mortis . Sam , how did a nervous guy like you Ever get involved in demolitions work ? Nervous ? What do you mean , nervous ? I 'm not nervous , Just a little high-strung , that 's all . Come on ... help me get these pineapples inside . You know , I don 't know What we 're gonna use these for out here anyway . Unless if we practice pitch some of those babies out there . Took his head off . His head ? I 'm afraid so . We 're gonna take him back to enewetak to bury him . I hope that man 's death is not an omen Of things to come . Frankly , doctor , I wouldn 't care To stay here with you , But if you run into trouble or you need extra supplies , You can always reach the base by radio , That is if this rotten weather Will let us get back to the base at all . Something in the air is wrong . Can you tell me what it is , lieutenant ? I don 't know , sir . Maybe it 's because there 's no sound , No animal noises of any kind . Well , it looks like we got the dynamite by mistake . Looks like it . I 'll cart this back down to the beach . Oh , excuse me , doctor . That 's quite all right . Just call me martie . Okay , martie . You know , the Navy boys really fixed this place up . I 'm almost gonna enjoy being here . Yeah , you 'd never think It was a complete wreck a few months ago . If you want to see a wreck , take a look at my back . Karl , it 'll be dark in a few minutes . Want to come watch the takeoff ? I 'd like to . I 'll get the others . Lieutenant , I don 't want to annoy you again , But nothing was left ? Not a hair nor a fingernail clipping ? Only mclane 's journal ? Well , that 's all , doctor . That they are dead , I can believe possible , But to vanish from the face of the earth ? No . The Navy thinks they were all at sea In their small boat when the typhoon hit . Lost with all hands is an old story . Yes , but ... [ Distant rumbling ] [ Distant rumbling ] [ Pensive orchestral music ] * [ Boulders crashing ] Everybody okay ? - Yeah , it looks that way . - You okay , Mac ? Yeah , nothing that getting off this old pile won 't cure . [ Motor buzzing ] See you in a month ! - One month , no more , oui ? - Oui ! We 'll watch you from the cliff . Au revoir ! Did you hear those sounds just before the quake ? What sounds , mon ami ? A deeper booming and rumbling ? No , I 'm afraid not . Doctor Carson means the explosions . We should get up to the cliffs . Hey , Hank , you 're a scientist . How come bring a demo team like us On this hunk of dirt ? I 'm no scientist . I 'm a technician and a handyman . So you still don 't know what 's going on ? Well , you remember that first big h-bomb test , The one that blew elugelab island Right out of the ocean ? Well , who forgets that ? A tremendous amount of the radioactive fallout Came this way . A great seething , burning cloud of it Sank into this area , Blanketing the island with hot ashes And radioactive seawater . Dr. weigand 's group is here To study fallout effects at their worst . Dr. James Carson is a geologist . He 'll try to learn what 's happening to the soil . The botanist Jules deveroux Will examine all the plant life for radiation poisoning . Martha hunter and Dale drewer are biologists . He works on land animalism While she takes care of the seafood . Dr. Karl weigand is a nuclear physicist . He 'll collect their findings and relate them To the present theories on the effects Of too much radiation . We blow up mountains for the geologist Carson . But this is the second bunch of brains to come out here . What happened to the first ? They were here . Then a storm hit . Then they were gone . That 's all anybody knows . Doesn 't anybody wonder ? Everybody wonders . They just don 't like to talk about it . Come on . We 'll miss the takeoff . [ Explosion ] Hank , get to the radio . [ Thunder crashing ] There 's something . [ Bouncy music playing ] It 's a commercial station . Probably manila or Samoa . It 's all from beyond the area of disturbance . [ Radio waves whirring ] I don 't get a thing on the Navy bands . Keep trying . All those men killed ... We can 't even send word through this storm . The Navy 'll send a search plane , honey . No , the Navy will assume That lieutenant quinlan decided to remain here Rather than risk the storm . Enewetak 's probably getting As much static as we are . Probably , which means we can 't do anything Until conditions improve . So why don 't we let Hank keep trying While we begin our own work ? We have to go over mclane 's journal Sooner or later , so it might as well be now . Then let us go into the living room . [ Radio waves reverberating ] [ Thunder crashing ] " Thursday , march 11 . " Today Dr. Ben Diaz ' culture failed to produce " Any sign of bacteria " Though left for five days in the open . " Friday , march 12 . " This afternoon , Professor Carter found " A large piece of flesh having the same composition " As that of the common earthworm , " But measured 24 inches by 8 . " With this section as a measure , " The wormlike creature would be more than five feet in length . " Most intriguing is the tissue 's consistency . " It proves impossible to cut . " Knives passing through the flesh " Leaving no mark . " Fire was applied to the tissue , And the cellular result ... " The journal ends there . Well , it 's getting very late . Why don 't we work out tomorrow 's schedule And then get some sleep . What about that 5-foot night crawler ? Well , excuse me for being so stupid , Me and that book you 're reading . We weren 't laughing at you , Hank . It 's just that mclane didn 't really mean to imply That the flesh was from a big worm . He said , " from a wormlike creature . " You know , it might 've been a sea worm . They 've been known to grow much longer than 5 feet . Well , excuse me for shooting my mouth off , But the journal didn 't say anything about the sea ... Just talked about worms . [ Distant rumbling ] [ Ominous music ] * [ Mice squeaking ] [ Squeaking stops ] Nothing in my experience leans me Towards mclane 's worm theory . Nothing . You would know better than I. But why , I ask , did the writer stop In the middle of a sentence ? Yes , why , Karl ? Unless something really unusual happened , I 'm sure he would 've finished . We shall find out , I think . Well , gentlemen , I will head down To South valley in the morning . You know , I haven 't seen any insect life Since we arrived . Shh . Quiet . Listen . [ Distant crackling ] Just the wind . [ Wondrous music ] * * * You nearly frightened me to death . Well , now , I couldn 't very well Announce myself underwater , could I ? Besides , you looked scared down there . I was scared ... And lost too . You know , Dale , it 's funny , but ... I was using a big black rock as a landmark , But when I swam back , the rock was gone . Well , I did see something move near you . You did ? I wonder what it could 've been . I don 't know . Just a big black shape moving through the kelp . Land crabs and seagulls . [ Chuckles ] Everything else is dead . Dale ! Martha ! What 's the matter , Carson ? Come up the path ! We 'll meet you ! I wonder what 's the matter . Come on , martie . Oh , hold it . That Ridge will drop right off . Off what ? Come . See for yourself . [ Ominous music ] * But only this morning I came along this path On my way to the beach . And it wasn 't there . You mean this pit wasn 't here before ? It has only appeared in the last 20 minutes . And it 's at least 50 feet deep . - Nothing but land crabs . - I want to go down there . - No . - Why not ? You are a geologist . You know that a second disturbance Would cause a cave-in that would crush Anybody down in the pit . He seems pretty definite , Jim . Is he right about a cave-in ? He could be , Assuming this was caused by a disturbance . Why , it 's glazed As though it had been fired in a kiln . Sommers , you and fellows Better put a couple of your lanterns Around this pit so as to keep any of us From falling in in the middle of the night . Come on , honey . Let 's go back to the house . Martha . Awake . Martha hunter . Awake . Awake , Martha . It is mclane . Awake . Mclane ? Martha , come to me . Help me . Help me . Martha . Martha hunter . Help me . Help me . Martha , help me . Help me . Martha . Come to me . * [ Gasps ] Jim , but ... what ... I thought ... So you heard it too ? Yes , it was awful , mclane 's voice . He called me as plain as day . Strange , because I only heard him call my name . How could the Navy search this whole island And miss a survivor ? If he is a survivor . What does that mean ? You heard him as well as I. Someone could 've been imitating his voice . Well , who would do that ? I don 't know , but I do know that mclane 's dead . Maybe , maybe not . I 'm going to find out for sure . Jim , you 're not going down there . - Yes , I am . - But Karl 's against it . He 's afraid of cave-ins . I 'm not . Keep this on me till I 'm out of sight . Jim , you don 't know what 's down there . What could be other than earth , water , And a few land crabs ? * [ Distant rumbling ] Jim ? Jim . [ Echoing ] Jim . [ Screams ] I see her . Martha . Martie . Oh , she has fainted . No more . Wh ... It 's all right , honey . It 's all right . Where 's Jim ? He 's in the pit . He went into the pit . I saw the rope go slack . He must 've fallen during the quake . I warned him . Carson ! [ Echoing ] Can you hear me ? Are you alive ? Dr. weigand ! My knee , it 's broken ! We are coming for you ! Don 't try to move ! No , Jules . But we must go down to him . Not this way . The rope may be too short . Then how ? Through the caves . The great caves to the sea . But how do you know the caves connect with the pit ? Gentlemen , for reasons I have guessed ... Dr. Carson also ... These caves must join the pit , Because the pit was created from below , Not from the surface . Dale , take Martha back to the house . The rest of us will look for Dr. Carson . Dale , I 'm all right . They 'll need you with them . If we can bring Dr. Carson out , Two of us are enough . If we can 't , a whole army will do us no good . Are you hiding something from us , doctor ? A theory perhaps ? Maybe . Come . We must hurry . You all right ? Just a little shaky . Let 's get back to the house and get some coffee . Oh ! Oh , I thought you were the boogeyman . I thought we heard a girl screaming during the quake . Did part of the cliffs fall away into the sea ? Part of them ? Well , it was pretty dark where we were , But it looked like the whole island Was coming down . The boulders almost crashed us in the tent . The whole island , yes . We must go faster . There is very little time . Little time for what ? That is Dr. weigand 's small secret . Let us catch him and find out . [ Exciting orchestral music ] * [ Distant crackling ] Doctor , why did you try to stop me From throwing that rock ? I just don 't like to kill anything , Even such ugly creatures as these . Poor helpless things . Helpless nothing . You ever see a bunch of them start on a wounded marine ? They finish him off in five minutes . That 's all the more reason to get Jim out of that pit . Yes , all the more reason . Now , what do you want with mclane 's journal now , honey ? I just thought I 'd look through it And see what it was Mac said about those great caves Appearing in the sides of the hills . Well , he didn 't say much , Except that it always happened at night . It was right in here . [ Distant rumbling ] There it is again . - Another quake . - No , the other sound . I heard it at the pit . [ Distant crackling ] You know , if we both hadn 't heard it , I 'd swear it was my own imagination . [ Crackling and crashing ] Dale , what can it be ? I don 't know , but I 'm gonna find out . Now , stay here , martie . Don 't go in there . [ Crab monster roaring ] [ Metal banging ] Put out the lights . There 's light ahead . It 's coming from the pit . Carson , we are near you ! Quiet ! Come quickly . He 's still alive . So let 's get him out of here . We can get him out , But we must move with caution . Why ? [ Metal crashing ] [ Electricity buzzing ] [ Crab monster roaring ] Do not call to him . Why not , doctor ? Blood . Where could he drag himself ? We will not find him tonight . We had better return in the morning When there is more light . I don 't like the idea Of leaving him here all night with a busted leg . Nor do I. Up the rope ... quickly . We might as well go back through the caves . No ! Up the rope . Dr. weigand ... You are a great nuclear physicist While I am a simple provincial botanist . But there are things I do not understand ... There are many things that I do not understand also , Jules . You had better climb . Our tent 's just outside the cave . We don 't have to go up the rope . Up the rope ! What I was afraid of . It stopped . Whatever it was must 've damaged the wiring . Light one of the kerosene lamps , will you , honey ? [ Pensive orchestral music ] * Here 's your motive . Food . But not much considering the size of the thing That did all of this . I guess there 's no point in waiting For the rest to get back . The storm should 've let up enough For me to get through to the Navy now . Come on , honey . Oh , Dale . Whatever it was that did this Deliberately destroyed the radio . It had to be deliberate . Every piece of wiring has been ripped out And chopped to bits . Look . Every tube has been sliced neatly in half . It had to reach way inside to do it Without wrecking these cabinets . [ Distant crackling ] Well , all I can say is , Why wasn 't I invited to the party ? Not funny , eh ? Well , that 's as it should be . Do you think you can fix it ? Fix it ? We 'll need a whole new outfit from the bottom up . You have parts ? Enough to build a new one ? I don 't know . Why do you suppose it didn 't come through the door And get us , Karl ? I don 't know . I can only guess . It would take considerable power To keep the intruder behind this door . There is power in the lighting in the living room . You mean it 's afraid of electricity . I think so . Have you any other ideas ? Once upon a time , there was a Mountain . Hmm ? Yesterday , when we came to this island , There was a Mountain out there . Today there 's no Mountain . I am not surprised . You 're not surprised at anything , Are you , doctor ? I suppose you can tell us What tore up this room last night . No , I cannot tell you that . But I can tell you this : Everything that has happened From the death of the first sailor To the destruction of our radio Must be somehow related . They are too far from the normal scheme of things To be separate accidents . If there is a single cause , Then that cause is outside of nature as we know it . Yes , that is why I insisted on caution entering the caves . We are unquestionably on the brink Of a great discovery . It is not likely that that discovery will be Of a pleasant nature . That is the sum of my knowledge . If you need more , I suggest you ask Dr. mclane When next his voice calls in the night . Now , let us again seek Dr. Carson . * I don 't understand this . We 've covered every exit in the base of the pit . Wounded as he was , He couldn 't have crawled this far . Yet still no sign of him . Nor will be , eh , Karl ? [ Rumbling ] Come on ! Stay close to the walls ! [ Screams ] Something to tie it with . Top of my pack , Karl . Here , you 'll need a tourniquet too . Hello , there . Anybody alive ? He all right ? How did you know we were in here ? We didn 't ; We were on the other side of the island . Well , what used to be the other side of the island . Most of it 's fallen to the drink , already . So we run in here when we heard you call . Call ... We didn 't call you . Whose voice did you hear ? Well , it sounded like the other guy . You know , the fellow who fell into the pit . So he is still alive . If we do not move fast , Jules will not be alive . Come . Give us a hand . This will help you sleep , Jules . Thank you , Martha . I could use some sleep . Merci , madame . Je voudrais presenter un inspection . [ Muttering French deliriously ] Give me two . Here 's two . And I 'll take ... One . Bet you ten . Okay , I bet you ten And I 'll raise you ten . If you 're not careful , you 'll raise us both 10 feet . What 's the matter ? Nervous ? What do you mean , nervous ? Okay , what do you got ? Three queens . Well , big deal , so you finally won a hand . I 'm still 100 sticks of dynamite and one wild explosion Ahead of you . [ Laughs ] [ Distant crackling ] What 's that ? Sounds like a kid dragging a stick Across a pickett fence . We ain 't got no pickett fence out here . [ Snapping ] [ Screams ] Professor deveroux . Professor deveroux . Who is there ? Seaman Ron fellows . Sam sommers . We found Dr. Carson . Where are you ? We 're outside . We can take you to Dr. Carson , but you got to be quiet ... Very quiet . Will you come ? Yes . Come down the path toward the big pit . We 'll meet you there and lead you to Carson . I will be there . [ Pensive orchestral music ] * [ Ominous music ] * Fellows ? Sommers ? We 're right here , Professor . [ Screams ] [ Screaming ] Sounded like Jules . Deveroux ? Yes , what is it ? I am here . Are you all right ? Yes . The pain is less . Keep talking . We thought we heard you cry out . I have been asleep . Perhaps you were talking in your sleep . Uh-huh . Yes . Then I hope I did not blemish the reputations Of any fair ladies I may have known . You didn 't mention any names . I never asked any names . Tell me of this cry you heard . It sounded like you ... Like you would 've sounded in your death agonies . It could hardly have been me , doctor , When I have been here all the time , Dreaming of all the things I might learn to do With only my left hand . And though even it was fixed with a hook , And when i ... Congratulations , Dr. weigand . Where are you ? We are all where you soon will be . I shall be back tomorrow night . Bon soir . Deveroux ! Deveroux ! What does it mean , doctor ? He is dead . But he spoke , Karl . This supposed to be a ghost story ? No . No , I do not believe in ghosts . We are dealing with a man who is dead But whose voice and memory live . How this can be , I do not know . But its implications are far more terrible Than any ghost could ever be . [ Pensive orchestral music ] * But what happened to their bodies , Karl ? They were eaten . Even the bones ? The bones are , I think , hidden . Most of the dynamite is gone . Huh , dynamite ? But not the grenades . I don 't understand it . I don 't understand it . Well , we may as well pick up what 's left . Yes , we shall need them . We shall have to stay away from the beach hereafter . Come , Hank . We still have the radio to repair . Tonight we will wait for Jules to speak to us . Well , it 's long after dark . We should 've heard him by now . We will hear . Be patient . Good evening , mes amis . I am glad you are all still with us . Be not shocked that the weapon speaks . I transmit , so I must be received . Hearken to all things metal , for I may be in them . What do you want ? First I want to reassure you that I am of sound mind , If not of body . Something remarkable has happened to me . I would like all of you to come and see for yourselves . Where are you , Jules ? In the caves , At the bottom of Carson 's pit . And what about Carson ? I 'm here too . My leg no longer troubles me . It 's all most exhilarating . Will you come ? Yes . Wait for us . We 'll wait . Let 's go . - Dale . - We shall need the equipment . We must go . We have to find out . [ Suspenseful music ] * We are here ! Show yourself ! [ Crackling ] [ Crab monster roars ] Get back here ! [ Crab monster roaring ] [ Explosion ] I killed it . Yes . By the sheerest luck . Why didn 't the grenades hurt it ? Remember what the journal said about the worm ? Yeah , that a knife passed through it like water . The stone penetrated its brain or motor area ... Or whatever keeps the thing alive . I think if we remove the stone , the crab will return to life . Oh , let 's just leave it be , huh ? We will bury it . If a blade passes through it like a finger through Mercury , Then like a river of Mercury , We should be able to sever a part of it By completely separating it from the rest of the body . Firstly ... There . Now we have a specimen . Fetch your dynamite , Hank . Do you have any theories , doctor ? Perhaps . All I can tell you now is that this is a male land crab , Which you as a biologist will know better than I. Yes , Karl , I ... I know the species appears to be that Of an ordinary land crab , but ... [ Crackling ] Out ! Quickly ! Down ! You have destroyed mclane and all of his party . You have destroyed them and tried to destroy me . This , mes amis , was one grave mistake . Well , doctor ... [ Sighs ] This is ridiculous . Molecular structure of this crab is entirely disrupted . There is no cohesion between the atoms . I don 't understand . Nor do I. Apparently we have one of those biological freaks Resulting from an overdose of radiation poisoning . The way to explain it is ... Look . Electricity . The free electron in the copper atom breaks off To circle the next atom , Taking the charge along the wire . Do you follow me , Hank ? I think so . The free electrons jump from atom to atom Along the copper at the speed of light . I remember that from high school . Yes , atom to atom . Well , something like that has happened to our crab . But instead of free electrons , The crab has free atoms ... All disconnected . It 's like a mass of liquid ... With a permanent shape . Any metal , therefore , that the crab eats Will be assimilated in his body of solid energy , Becoming part of the crab . Like the bodies of the dead men ? Yes . And their brain tissue , which , after all , Is nothing more than a storage house For electrical impulses . That means that the crab can eat his victim 's brain , Absorbing his mind intact and working . It 's as good a theory as any other To explain what 's happened . But , doctor , that theory doesn 't explain Why Jules ' and Carson 's minds have turned against us . Preservation of the species . Once they were men . Now they are land crabs . Okay , Professor , How are the crabs blowing up the island ? I am not sure . But I imagine they are able to send out arcs of heat . They are packed with it . The sides of the pit were glazed As if the rock were melted . They can melt and fuse parts of the caverns , Explode the materials contained And bring about the slides . - Why ? - To get at us , of course . Looks like we 're on the verge of a blessed event . What 's that ? What 's that ? Or is this the one you killed ? No , it is still alive . We did not kill it . Notice the belt of yellow fat around the base of the shell ? It would indicate that she 's in a very delicate condition And pretty close too . I , for one , should not like to be around To hear the patter of so many tiny feet . Then we 've got to kill it . Kill it ? It 's easier said than done , Hank . Now wait . This needs some thought . Doctor , you 're not going to suggest That we save it for science . That would be suicide . No , thank you , Martha . I have no ambition toward becoming a mad scientist , But I do think we ought to try and capture the thing . Would you not like to examine a live specimen ? Certainly I would . But I had a chance to see how the specimen Examined the lab wall last night . Hey , take a look at this . You said something about the crab being afraid Of electricity , doctor . Let 's find out . [ Electricity buzzes ] Ashes . Electricity destroyed the leg in less than a second . That proves that the crab is negatively charged . Yes . Then , Hank , you must create a trap of positive energy . [ Electricity buzzes ] Ha ! It works ! Well , sure it does , doctor . It 's easier to build than a model airplane . The charge must be just strong enough To de-energize the crab , Long enough for us to remove the claws And cage it But not strong enough to kill the thing . That 's fine , Karl , But how do we get the crab to step into it ? Apparently the creature sleeps by daytime . We must take the arc and place it In one of the well-traveled cave routes . He has eight legs with which to step on the plate . I am sure he will manage . Yes , but you better select a new approach to the cave . The beach entrance is completely under water , And the pit is ... [ Distant rumbling ] He is using the dynamite . We must hurry . You 've already lowered the electric eyes into the cave ? Yes , you must place them Either side of one of the upper caves . The lower caverns will be flooded by now . Use the underwater channels to the ocean as you escape . We 'll try to attract his attention from up here . Take care , honey . [ Dramatic music ] * We might as well get to work . I 'll plant this one ; You take the other . All right . Lonesome in here . It 's lonesome everywhere . You know , I bet you could even be lonesome in a crowd . Yeah . Unless , of course , you found that special someone . Found him yet ? Why do you ask ? Because I ... Behind that wall ! [ Crab monster snoring ] This might be the perfect time to collect Some of Dr. weigand 's Mercury . If I can 't make it back , You get out of here as fast as you can . Hank , you ... * Get in the water ! * [ Crab monster roaring ] The water 's down that tunnel ! Dale , they just ran across the bottom of the pit Into another cave . Martha ! Let 's get down to the sea entrance . [ Exciting music ] * [ Ominous music ] * [ Crab monster roars ] [ Gunshots ] It 's no good shooting , Dale . The bullets pass through it just like x-rays . So you have wounded me . I must grow a new claw . Well and good , For I can do it in a day . But will you grow new lives When I have taken yours from you ? Do you think it 'll work now , Hank ? It should . Everything 's put together . The generator 's always worked . All we have to worry about is the strength of our signal . That is , if Dr. deveroux and Carson Will leave us alone long enough to try it out . I 'm afraid they won 't . Rather than our receiving radio signals , They would prefer to receive us In that great common stomach of theirs . But , come on , Karl . Let 's go out and see what 's left of this rock . I hope there is still something upon which to stand . Well , I guess it 's about time I fixed us some food . [ Radio reverberating ] There used to be ridges there for maybe two Miles . Now there 's less than half a city block . Soon we will have nowhere to run . That 's the idea , isn 't it ? The path is still there . Yes , Karl , but where does it lead ? To the pit and to the sea . At least to the sea . We 'll soon find out . [ Hawaiian music playing ] * Aloha , malihinis . This is your favorite disc jockey , pineapple Joe . Listen now to mukakima and his ola 'kai boys Playing muana loa lover . * It 's working . Only the receiver . Not the transmitter . Well , can you fix it ? I don 't know . Maybe with this telegraph key and a morse code setup . Well , we don 't have to worry about the pit any longer , Karl . No . Shall we go ? Might as well . [ Distant rumbling ] It 's not wasting any time . The sound came from over there . Let 's go . Hank , I don 't know what we 'd have done without you . Where did you ever learn to fix all these things ? In the Navy during the war . And I knocked around a lot In the radio and the TV repair business . Ended up in the South pacific ? Yeah . How 'd you get here ? Well , after Dale and I graduated , We stayed on at the institute in research . You 've been together ever since ? Uh-huh . And when his promotion comes through , We 'll be making it a lifetime partnership . Yeah . Well , let 's go find Karl and Dale And tell them this thing works . All right . Is that not oil ? Yes , it is , Karl . I 've never heard of oil being found On the pacific islands before . The detonations must 've opened a source deep in the island . But look , it seems to be coming from two sources . I suggest we trace them . You want to follow this oil underground ? I feel we must . But the crab , Karl . The crab is like a rattlesnake . It can be heard long before it can be seen . I believe we can keep out of its way If we only remain alert . He knows this better than we do . That is why he is trying to reduce this island To a small corner from which we cannot escape . All right . But at the first sound of a rattle , Get out of there , eh ? All right . Don 't worry . Don 't worry . You follow this stream , And I shall follow the other one . [ Suspenseful music ] * [ Crackling ] - Dale , what is it ? - Karl 's down in the caves ! - Why did he go ? - Never mind ! The crab is heading straight for him . We got to get him out before it 's too late . Then let 's go ! Stay there , martie ! [ Crackling ] [ Electricity buzzes ] [ Groaning ] Martha ! Get out of here ! - Keep going ! - Dale , no ! I 'm gonna light the oil back there . Come on . He knows what he 's doing . [ Explosion ] Come on ! Did you kill it ? No . He can avoid the main stream . Of all of us , I thought Karl would be the one to ... That fire won 't hold it very long . I don 't think it matters much anymore , Hank . Well , just so it holds it long enough For me to get one message away , Just one more s.O.S. Hank , you 've got the radio ? That was quick thinking , Dale . The pity is that all fires must one day burn out . You getting through , Hank ? How should I know ? I 'm not on the other end of this thing . Oh , Hank , you must get through . I know it . It 's gone dead . I am afraid that won 't help you , Hank . By the time ships and planes can arrive , This island will have vanished beneath the waves of the sea . But you will not drown . You will be a part of me . And as with mclane , there will be no evidence Of how you vanished or of my existence . We will rest in the caves and plan our assault Upon the world of men ! [ Distant rumbling ] No ! Run ! Get out of here ! Look ! The water 's rising . Come on ! Climb ! [ Dramatic music ] * Hank , you got any fight left ? What for ? It 's only wasted energy . Sure , I got fight left . I don 't know what good these will be now , Hank , But I got two grenades left . How about you ? I got four . Let 's see what 's in the toolbox . Transmitter 's still working . Here , this looks good . [ Shrieks ] Go ! Let 's try and blast him , Hank . Foolish . Very foolish . [ Gunshots ] Watch it , Hank . [ Crab monster roaring ] Hank ! [ Electricity buzzing ] He gave his life . I know .
