 Doctor Scott ? Get you out of here ? Hannah Cant Not you see I 'm busy ? - You got to eat something . - Not now . Later perhaps Is Dr. Bach ! what he suppose doing back so soon ? He is probably miss your nagging Keep it . Dr. Bach , We did not expect you for weeks I know Hannah , but I found European cooking is so vastly inferior to yours , - I had to hurry home - Come on , Dr. Bach . How is Dr. Scott ? I hope you took a good care of him while I was away I did not have much chance . He has been cooked up in that laboratory , night and day This is a laboratory , Dan , or a Zoo ? Hello , Richard . I thought you would be sitting yourself in Riviera for several weeks I had to cut my vacation short The hospital director cabled me to return for a board meeting tomorrow The hospital is so overcrowded they want to Add a new wing at once you should not let them make such demands on you because You founded the Grand Mercy hospital , you should not feel compelled to take act of charge - after all , You 're supposed to be retired . - You know how old Doctors are Even we are retired we like to feel we are still needed which still can performe some serves to humanity . if that why you responsed to my research as a humanitarian gesture Not entirely I shouls also write to Basque in a reflected glory of a young Bio-Chemist - Which is brilliant in photo-genes . - Oh realy No ! Hannah , how many Cocktails has dotor Baque had ? none , yet , Sir Thank you . Thanks strange Richard I got something here that almost convinces me I may be a genius . even that or suffering hallucinations from overwork . - really ? what is it ? - The new rechearch I mentioned before you left the project design to prove that the cure of any disease or injury It is essentially a process of adaptation Oh Yes , you procede on the theory , that all living organism ... possess the ability in more or less degree to heal themselves by adapting themselves to any harmful changes in their environment . A lizard for example will shed an injured tail for a new one A chameleon change its color for self protection And you hope to develop a cure all serum from insects , since they are the most adaptable of all living organism Exactly . So I have developed a serum , from the most highly of all and the most adaptable of all insects the fruit fly . It is the one insect is known to produce the highest percentage of mutants , or changes than any others Look . this looks like the same specimen used by Professor Weismann ... - In his heredity experiments - It is . So I used the fruit flies , I putrefied the body injected a cow ... and produced the serum , after clarifying with albumine evaporate in vacume and rectify ... Never mind The technique now what would the results ? See it for yourself These guinea pigs with tuberculosis . the serum cure them within three days - and so fat no relapse - none so far now here a cat with a broken spine . oh that astonish Not the slightest trace of spline malformation This dog here is Rabies . - They were going to destroy it - remarkable Look at this , Richard This chimpanzee had double neumon ? . You know that is almost allways fail in the case of anthropoids . look at this one now I should say that he is most definitely cured and the zoo sent me this fellow his throat was terribly lacerated and his intestine were growing a badly torn Here his picture when I first recieved him but this is show a tonic colored animal and this one is black . I assure you it is the same one The serum that heal his laceration also changed its color ? I am not sure . But it could be a natural process . The not unusal for some leopards to grow a dark or even completely black fur That is true This one seems unusualy vicious Could be the serum has some effect ? No , I hate he does not like the experiment after all he is not a guinea pig . And now , Dan ? The next step is obviously to test it on a human being - No , not on me , I trust - No , not on myself We are both in good health I thought , Perhaps one of the charity cases of the hospital charity cases are not experimental cases , Dan That would be an experiment . I am afraid I do not agree It may be old fasion and conservative , but somehow I feel that there is something unnatural and perhaps even dangerous about this . is that so ? The idea is that adaptability could be captured and still into the serum the miraculous and the mysterious force of nature can be bottled up ... But you have seen it can be You have seen the results . so I have , but you are not ready to try it on a human being I believe I am look Richard , think of what might be the medicine if it is successful see here Dan , I should not even offer this much It is against all medical ethic but let us leave it this way You Continue testing your serum with every conceivable methods of check and control and if I find someone someone whose case is hopeless absolutely hopeless , do you understand and if the patient gives his consent , Then I will agree to let you try How can you find a case like that ? The patient is conscious , you think there is hope . if the patient is unconscious , How can he consent ? This is the best I can offer . GRAND CHARITY HOSPITAL when was this patient admitted ? Three weeks ago today . Tuberculosis final stage We have tried everything to stop the lungs damage We thought you might have suggestions ? Have you tried the Pilgrim technique ? It is too late for that , I am afraid You can see for yourself She has running Hundred and forty degrees for the last 4 weeks . And we are not able to nourish her - I better have a look to this patient . - yes , doctor . her name is Kyra Zelas , age 25 years , Occupation : unemployed . Permanent address ? None Her parents .dead Relatives or close friends.None She was admitted by the Emergengy call nurse , Stethoscope I must tell you ... I can not pay you for this Do not worry . Just take it easy I am not going to make it , right ? Of course you are you are going to be all right . you was right . It 's too late to resort to The Pigrim technique - This is hopeless - absolutely There is nothing I can suggest Unless ... OATH HIPOCR ? TICO Ms. Soul , get me Dr. Scott . Ms. Zelas . Ms. Zelas , ? can you hear what I am saying ? Yes . I hear you . Dr. Scott has developed a new serum . it has never been tested on a human being It may not help you , but I do not believe it can do you any harm would you be willing to submit yourself to an injection of this serum ? Sure , Why not What I get to lose ? All right . Then you have to sign this release You give ? 10cc . In her condition any less would not be effective - The injection point n ? - Ulnar . It is all right ... How long before it take effect ? at six hours . I will call you - Yes ? - Dr. Scott call Dr. Baque What is wrong ? She is not ? ... On the contrary . Look at that The temperature is down to 99.8 degrees . Incredible , it is almost normal . Have you seen anything like that , Doctor It is like a miracle . What caused it ? One never knows about this new antibiotics wondur drugs But I have never seen them work so swiftly in such a hopeless case ! then perhaps it is a miracle . I was sure the serum would save her life but I never dream that it will restore her normal health so quickly It is hard to believe . Normal recovery would ordinarily require month then I gone to be all right ? I am not going to die ? Hardly We have a number of tests to take , yet and you still need the utmost care . I already feel like a new person . I can not remember ever in my life feeling as well as I do in this moment . Nevertheless We can not take any chances This just to take a blood specimen for study Ready now ? The needle will sting a little Strange , the needle has not penetrate completely Perhaps it is dull Here it is .fully insert She did not even wince The needle mark , There is no sign of it The puncture is already closed . closed and healed instantaneously Is the light hurt your eyes ? No . Nothing can hurt me now Well , here is our Price patient When we found you not in your room we thought may be you come out for a walk . I feel in a way I could . Shall I try ? Do not you dare . what you say , doctor ? Do not you think I well enough to walk ? With the sun strike you ? You look too thrilled to move at all Well there is a Scientific opinion of that right Edward ? Good ! - Very good . - Thank you Doctor . Should be here in a moment Those the release papers ? Dan , I 've been thinking . We can not let her go back to the sort of life that brought her here ? . Beside I feel we should keep her under observation for a while You still anticipating some hard effects ? Not necessarily , but for The time being , she should be kept under a close observation with that , I agree . Come in Sit down Ms. Zelas , you are the most unusual case that doctor Scott has ever encountered . Naturally , we would like the opportunity to continue for the study . Of cource , whatever you say . I would not be alive if not for you Since Dr. Scott lives with me , it occured to us that You might like to stay at my home . Where we can conduct certain additional tests that we have in mind We understand that you have no immediate family or friends , nor any job at present I am afraid that is true . In that case the arrangement I suggest should solve your problems ... and enable us to keep you under observation . Under observation ? Like a guinea pig ? Oh No , not at all . Actually , I ... Dr. Baque and I have grown very fond of you , Kyra . - We like you to consider us as your friends - I see . We have plenty of room , my house keeper Hannah , can chaperone you . - Now. what you say ? - What can I say ? after all , you gentlemen , gave me my life . Or a new one . Good . Then it is settled . I would like to drive you home myself but I have a cosultation shortly You can take a taxi . her is the cab fare and here is my address I phone to my house keeper to expect you Then you had it all arranged ! - We felt sure that you have no objection . - And if I had ? - That still would not make any difference - Why did you says that ? Because all my life I had to do what others wanted me to do No matter how I felt Well , if you do not want to come with us ... I will come. but only because I want to . From now on I am going do only what I want . I am going to get everything I can out of life. everything I always wanted well , that was quit enough bust ! I am glad to see that she has such spirit . She was quiet and timid before . it suppose to be the serum that produces an emotional as well as physical changes in her I would not know about that. as a bio-Chemist , I do not deal with emotions . As a brain specialist , I have to Can I have it too ? Yes , you can have this too . What chances a man got . I want that money . Call an ambulance . Police ! Police ! Some girl rob that man over there . Strike him on the head with a glass ashtray . and Almost killed him ! She must be somewhere here in the store , there is no other way out . What this girl look like anyway ? She is a dark hair girl wearing a cheap black dress . I beg your pardon , Madam Who is in there ? Open up. this is the police . Come on out . We will break the door down . Come on out . We will break the door down . Open up Please . What is it ? Pardon , Miss , but we are looking for girl I mean , for a black-haired girl . A thousand apologies , Miss She has been here alright . Miss ? Oh ? Miss ! Good evening , sir . Doctor Scott ... - Hannah ... - Good evening , Hannah . How is our new house guest ? I hope you are taking good care of her . That is funny ... You said She were sick and need to be looking after her , but ... - But what ? - She does not look very sick to me . And she is mighty able to take care of her own self . Certainly , She is a pretty girl . I am glad you think so . You might tell her we are here . That would not be necessary , Hannah . Well , young lady , this is a surprise . Wonderful . What have you done to yourself ? Wash my face and buy a new dress . That is all . But your hair ? I went to a Beauty barbar . I wanted as much change to myself as possible . And quit change it is ! Do you like it ? Is beautiful . Like nothing I have ever seen before . This calls for Cocktail Hannah . I already mix the batch martini . Extra dry Good - come Sick ! Oh ... Thank you , Hannah . Here 's to my experiment . And to its continued success . Thank you . I can not get over how wonderful you is It is such a beautiful dress ! Wait until you see the rest of them . And the lingerie ? Ooh la la You require a wardrobe ? Yes , I needed few things a few things ... ha ! Why do not you show it to us ? Of course , I love to . a - did you run into millionaire in your way here ? - You are the millionaire Doctor . - I am ? I use your name as reference to open an account in Bronsons . Well , I must say you nave a wonderful taste . I hope you do not mind what I have done , Dr. baque . I 'm sure I will able to pay you back someway soon But I have To begin my new life with some of the beautiful tthings I always dream of . of course , we understand , Kyra . Is that anything else you might need I only be glad to you are too sweet ... But you have done enough for me.already you certaily accomplish a great deal in that short time this afternoon . I should say that the beauty part alone take most of your time . your hair is simply beautiful . Fascinates me . Yes , it fascinates me too I think we better let Kyra rest a while before dinner .I want to check something with you in the laboratory . What we must we must . See you at dinner , Kyra . How I may be able to thank you for all the wonderdul thing you have done ? By keeping well and beautiful . You 're behaving like a lover boy Do not be ridiculous ? I want to make the poor girl feel she is wanted What you bring me down here for ? - I want to take a look at something . - Hair From that poor girl head . - what is it , a joke ? - It may very well be on us . I have never seen such a natural luster . I do not believe the hair were bleached or dyed we will know in a minute just as I thought . See for yourself there is no the slightest trace of chemicals or dye You was right . The pigmentation is undoubtedly natural . We may overlook something . may be the change in that leopard coloration was not a natural process , I before supposed but some affect the serum . if so it could be the serum that changed Kyra hair Probably so But in that case , why she so evasive about it ? I do not know why ? women are so evasive about the color of their hair . They are , that 's all I know That emotional outburst wgen she left the hospital ... Emotional disturbances cause glandular disturbances which in turn produce physical changes may be it was not the serum alone that changed her hair but serum and some great emotional disturbance . whose dress is this in bold daylight assault and robbery - Good morning , Richard . - I would not say that - take a look at this - what about it ? - Do you recognize that dress ? That is Kyra 's . The girl who wore that dress Robbed man and stole $ 700 from him . the clothes and the charge account ... Exactly . I never believed that story and neither did you that is how she got the money for those clothes But how she get away with it ? Despite of the Thorough search , The police was unable to find The black hair girl who assaulted the man . Hours later , the dress was discovered discarded in the dressing room That explains it . It was a dark hair girl , that committed the crime , and a blonde that left the store And you think that under the stress of the situation , and the fear of being discovered ... she actually provoked this metamorphosis , on herself ? Definitely . And that explain the natural pigmentation of herl hair . But if she could change her appearance , the serum stimulate her adaptive power to a fantastic degree - Good morning . - Good morning , Kyra . - What a lovely day that is your dress , is not it ? Of course it is mine . I left it there for purpose I never wanted to see it again He reminded me of my past existence . Did you hit that man and steal his money ? they say here , a black hair woman did that . That is what you were when you went into that store When that woman strike the man , I feel my chance to get all the things I always wanted . So , I picked up the money he dropped and in the excitement nobody noticed what I have done why do not you stop lying to us , Kyra . - You never dyed your hair . - What you mean ? We tested some strands of your hair in the lab , last night it is not dye . The pigmentation is natural . You have been spying on me . Kyra , We are not blamig you entirely of what you did You probably ... did not have complete control of your impulses . Are you trying to say I am insane ? No , No , it is just the treatment may have ... unbalanced your glandular functions ... temporarily . Never mind that side double talk I did what I wanted to do and I will keep right on to it And I like to see you stop me . You had no right to experiment with me You knew what you are doing ! Well . You created me ... and I am your responsibility . This on me Perhaps the serum produce mental as well as physical transformation It may develope a devilish coming in her new appearance Do you think there is a possibility that the effects of the serum may wear off and she may eventually change back to her former self I do not know I do not think so There is a possibility that you could develope a cover acting drug something that would disaffect the effect of the serum ? it is possible I suppose Why ? do not you see ? I am suggesting that you try to develope an antidote to the serum as a precaution To be used only if we both agreed , there is a need for it I suppose you are right . I hope I am not interrupt anything important . No , it is just another experiment . I overheard Dr. Baque and you - I know what you are doing - It is just a precautionary measure - In case you do find this antidot What make you Think I will let you try it on me ? Do you like change me back where I used to be No , Never Nothing can harm me now . I am immune to everything . Afraid of nothing . Kyra , be careful ! Is nothing . You like me the way I am , don 't you ? I know I do enjoying yourself ? Indeed I am improving my mind . and I had time for art , The music and literature . Now I recover lost time , among your cultural treasures . That is fine Now you have the opportunity to display your newly required knowledge - we have a little party tomorrow night . - I know . I can hardly wait to meet all those wondurful interesting people that will come ? . Interestingly , I don 't know . Rich , yes . big bank big board good doctor here would suffer almost anything to raise money for his clinic . No thanks . it is quit a party you are running , doctor ! Is that the way you spend the clinic money ? No , Henry , this is on me . you were always a wondurfuly generous in your contribution that I feel must reciprocate . What I want to know , Where is our beautiful house guest I hear you are hiding her ? Miss . Zelas will be down in a few moments . I thought you were married to your test tubes , Dr. Scott . my husband clinical interset is running for the form You Know I lose manners . after the third drink Scott this is the most beautiful test tube I 've ever seen ! You look lovely , My dear . I would like you to meet , Miss . Kyra Zelas , a patient of mine . - she has been a very sick girl . - No one can believe it . I am Barton Kendall , Miss Zelas Yes , Mr. Kendal , I have heard of you . And this is the Mrs. Kendall . How do you do ? So nice to know you , Miss Zelas What a lovely hair . Thank you . - Doctor , dinner is served . - Thank you , Hannah . Ladies and gentlemen , we can eat ! I do not know what the seating arrange are , but I am taking Miss . Zelas . Thank you . - Where is she - Where is Kendall ? Frankly affairs like this bore me But ... You are delightful surprise , Kera Are You really as rich as the magazine say you are ? - Richer . You Kow , You have not told me anything about yourself ? Do not you guess ? Dr. Baque and Dr. Scott they materialized me out of a test tube . Yes , of course . I should have known anybody as lovely as you could not possible be a human . Are not you be a little indiscreet ? Naturally . I make a career out of it . Even is your wife is watching . Evelyn is very practical and very understanding woman . so , naturally she is implying to overlook little things like this Please , you must not ... Barton , I would like you to take me home at once , please . nonesense , we just got here If you insist , I am creating a scene . I am not reating one , you are . I am not making with this trollopt . - What did you say , Mrs. Kendall ? - Oh Shut up ! I want tolerate it any longer The phrase and way you carried on with that girl ! I have never been so humiliated . Then why do not give me a divorce . I am asking for it often enough . Divorce ! You do not want a divorce , Not really . You might have to marry one of these women you get involved with Perhaps I shall Sure , You 're not serious about this girl . You have just met her You know nothing about her . I know all I need to know Look Evelyn Our marriage has not work out . So why get along with it ? does not occure to you I might still be in love with you - It is not me you care about It is the power and the prestige of the Kendall name , you would not give up Very well . If that is what you choose to believe , Then I want give it up ever . Who are you ? do not you recognize me , Mrs. Kandell ? No , I do not think so . Good , then there no one else will . What do you means ? Just few moments ago you slaped me , remember ? You ? you should not have done that , Mrs. Kandell Evelyn , Where are you ? Who the devil was that ? Evelyn ! Let us move her inside . Carefully . Sorry , Kendall . Death by strangulation But why ? who ? That woman we saw her running away What reason could she have had ? who could she have been ? One thing is certain It was a woman with a black hair . Mrs. Kendall must have struggled and grabbed her Poor Mrs. Kendall . I caught a glimpse of the woman from my window . A dark hair woman , running across the lawn . We better call the police . We search the ground and covered every thing we can for the time being I guess I can rely on you doctor to see that .. what was here tonight will be in the inquest - I accept full responsibility . - Thank you . Now we are alone , I would like to ask you some questions . You must you doctor ? I am very tired Tell us once more about the dark hair woman , The one that you saw from the window . I have told you all I know . Are you sure the woman had a black hair ? Are not you ? You found a handfull of her hair I think that woman was you . Oh , ridiculous ! No more rediculous than the incident of the black hair girl ... in the dress shop . I think you killed Mrs. Kendall All right , I killed her . She is a slut , I killed her . Now I will kill anything that stands in my way There is nothing you could do about it . You are just as much involved in this as I am and now , I am very tired Good night She is right . There is nothing we can do . - what about the antidote ? - I have not made much progress with that yet May be you have not tried hard enough May be you become so infatuate Are you implying that I protect her because I have fallen in love with her ? - You would not be the first man who fall in love with his own creation Richard , these is nonsense , sheer nonsense I would not argue the matter Sure you realize that we can not let her go this way then what you suggest ? We know that serum affect her glandular system . and stimulate her natural adaptive power to unbelievable degree . We know too that the most effective agent for the adaptation is the human brain . And the nervous system . once believed to be control by the pineal gland But that gland has no known functions ? Not to our knowledge But in ancient times ... Medical men believed that the pinal gland did controll the brain More than that they thought it is the center of the soul . - And you suspect what ? Serum contains long sort of hormone pineal hormone , and if it does , it well have affected that gland - you mean by hypertrophy ? - Exactly . If hypertrophy resulted , the Pineal gland Will be so over stimulated , as to produce a demon , a devil , a creature with twisted soul . Do you suppose this hypertrophy could be corrected through surgery ? and it might bring her back to normal ? I am originally certain can . We could perform the operation in the lab . What about the anesthetic ? We have to take her by surprise to administer . We will use antho chloride . It is almost instantaneous We can give it to her in her sleep . What you are trying to do ? How dare you Kyra , Please , let me explain . We are only trying to help you . Help me ! you want to help me or you want to destroy me . You can not . Nothing can . Now get out before I destroy you - Good Morning , Hannah - Good morning as Dr. Baque Good Morning , Dr. Scott . Is Not it a lovely morning ? - What is lovely about it ? - It Is Miss Zelas .. - What about Miss Kyra ? She is gone. bag her baggage clean every stitch of clothes and left first thing in the morning . Did she leave any word to where she is going ? Just this note . That will be all for now , Hannah , thank you Thank you , sir . Good bye , my benefactors , and thanks . you have given me a new life which I intend to keep . I suggest you forget about me for your own good We can not let her go like this We have no idea of what might happen to her . Should you be more concern about ... what might happen to others ? She would not have gone , if it was not for you - It was your idea that drove her away - That is not true . I wanted to keep her here as much as you do Although not for the same reasons , perhaps What do you mean by that ? Dan , you are in love with her . I bet you have you been from the very first I suppose I am Is there is anything terrible about that ? There might be , if you insist regarding her as woman instead of what she really is . I think she should be allowed to die she was meant to die But we would not accept the fate that been decreed for her although she was destine to die . - Doctor , it is our duty is to save her . - so It was. so we thought ? So we pitted our puny powers against the supernatural that mark kyra Zelas for death . And we won . Or did we win ? did we save the life of a human being ? Or did we perhaps only create an inhuman being ? an Inhumane being that has no place in a human world , that exists only by destroying ... everything human that is that is incountable struggle for survival . STAY IN THE HOTEL BEVERLY HILLS To purchase the AJUAR I told you will hear about her , but I did not expect it would be so soon . - we got to do something about this We can not let her marry Kendall . - with that , I agree . do you suppose he would believe me ? I mean if I told him about her ? - Would you if you were he ? - But ... - We can prove it to him . - By telling him the experiment the murder , and incriminating ourselves ? - We got to do something . - Like what ? I do not know what you are going to do , but I am going to stop that wedding . Hello Doctor. wonderful to see you . nice of you to call us - You like a drink ? - No thanks . I am deeply obligated to you and Dr. Baque If not for you , I never found Kyra - I wonder if I can speak to Miss Zylas alone ? - of course , certaily - Thank you . - No , Barton. please stay . Whatever Dr. Scott have to say , you should hear to it Now what is it , Doctor ? Something about my physical condition ? No , it 's very personal . Come on , doctor , You are not going to start that again . What is that ? I am afraid before I left , Dr. Scott began to misinterpret my gratiude to something more serious - Now wait a minute . - You mean he tried to make love to you ? - Yes ? To be quit Honest about it that 's why I left . you have a peculiar sense of medical ethics You fool , I am trying to tell you that ... You can not marry her . - I wan 't let you - You wan 't let me ? - and why not ? - Yes , Why not ? Come on , Scott . You are obviously in love with Kyra , it is quit understandable . But it is not reason to make a dime fool of yorself That 's the really what is wrong with you ? was not it ? Yes ? , Kendall , that was wrong with me The delivery man said that it came all the way fromm Italy . , Hannah . souvenir from my honeymoon Very thoughtful of her Where shall I put it ? in the cellar ? Leave it alone I will put it in my room I am so bored with this rustic life ! it passed two month , Since he returned from Europe , You drag me here every weekend I thought you liked being alone up here just the two of us stop holding me . What is come over you Lately ? I have given you everything you want Now you act as if you detest me Why should I ? The disgusting way you behave . May be you prefer the company of your old friend , Dr. Scott . - May be I would my wife was right about you , the night we met . He said you are a whore . Oh , yes , then she slaped me That is an idea . Then she died . What do you mean by that ? Now , what you suppose ? Are You threatening me ? I might be What change you so Lately , When I try to touch you Why did you marry me ? Just for my money , Is that it ? You are perceptive. are not you ! Do you have any feeling ? Are not you a human ? I certainly should be smart if I were you in a very simple matter , I can change my will Do not be silly , Barton , I am only teasing To see how much do you realy love me Get away from me you druken fool ! Are you a devil ! I will kill you ! Go ahead , try it Keyra , forgive me I did know what I was doing It is all right , Barton , It is all right We got to stop the bleeding . bandages , of some sort There is a doctor in the villagel Shall I call him to come here , or take you in the car ? - take me in the car , it will be quiker that way Do not move , Kyra . you will start bleeding ahain you do not need to worry about that . I do not understand . You will , Barton . - You will - What is it , Kyra ? Why yout act so stangely ? In a moment` , you will understand everything You are going to die ! You must be insane ! Stop it , Keyra , stop it , you 're going to kill us ! Not us , Barton , you ! No , Kyra , No ! Do we have to listen to that ? The atmosphere is gloomy enough out here for you ? I am sorry if it annoys you . Dan ... Do you think it 's about time to get hold of yourself You can not go on like this And now , for the news of the South Land . San Bernardino , California . Millionaire play boy Barton Kendall was the victim of a fatal autumibile accident today not two months after his former wife Evylen was mysteriously strangled to death the unsocialized European sports car hurried off the road at terrific speed , killing him instantly The present Mrs. Kendall , who was with him in the car in the time of the accident , miraculously escaped without injuries Apparently , Kendall had lost control of the car because , A.W. Miller , of Pomona , travelling in the opposite direction , Saw Kendall and his wife struggling for control of the wheel , seconds before the crash . Highway Patrols emergency squad had to use torches ... to remove Kendall body from the wreckage Los Angeles , California . It could not be that she ... I can not believe that she would do such thing I can This makes her a very rich widow We must do something to stop her I do not know what yet but we must do something And you are going to help - I feel like coming home . - Do you ? - You so kind to be with me in my sorrow Funeral was such an ordeal . suppose we drop such pretending . What do you mean ? So that 's why you suddenly became such solicitous You were very clever using him to get me here I am sorry , Kyra , We only did it for your own good Face the truth You killed Kendall , As you did his wife . We are going to put an end to this , this horror How do you propose to do that ? By going to the authority as we should have a long time ago By restraining you forcibly from now on You would not be fools enough to do that There is one alternative . - What is that ? - Submit to an operation Kyra , I told you this before We don 't hold completely responsible for what you did . We feel our experiment has upset your mental balance . This operation may restore your normality I have every reason to believe that we can do it It will help you , I am sure . You mean , If the operation is successful Then , I will be like any other normal person ? - Yes Perhaps you are right . But I 'm too upset to decide in this moment Believe me Kyra , We know what is best for you You don 't have to decide right away Think it over for a few days You better remain here until you make your decision I will send for your things and we will get them right over Perhaps you know best It was an exhausting day - Would you take me to my room ? - Of course My room It is just as I left it And my picture I am so glad you kept it . - I was afraid you sent it back . - How could I ? All this time you have been away Whenever I looked at it , It was like you were here Kyra , I love you so much . I think I have always known in my heart that I loved you , dan If only you made me realized before before I ... Perhaps it is not too late You do love me the way as I am , Don 't you ? Kyra ... then , why we have to go through this operation Why can 't we just go away together ? Disappear I am rich , Now I have everything I have always want it Everything but what I wanted most , you , Dan . Think about of what I can offer you the power I possess , I could use some for you for us . Think of the heights that we can reach together Nothing in life could stop us Nothing will be beyond our grab Only you love me. help me . Help you ? How ? Baque He is the only thing standing in our way Let us get rid of him , Dan Do You realize what you 're asking me to do ? Make up your mind It Is Baque or us . You must give me some time to think I can not let you go , but ... Dan . The way she said it , so calmly , casually It is such a poling assurance As if she was sure she put hold on me So certain I would not hesitate to help her I kill you . you , my closest and dearest friend Could be real what you once said We did not save the life of a human being But instead , we create an inhuman being . We got to operate on her whether she agrees to it or not How we are going to anesthetize her ? She must have some weakness Even adaptability could not be infinite . No living organism is beyond The fundamental laws of biology We got to find her weakness whatever it might be It is so simple . So incredibly simple ! No wonder it escaped us We thought that a case as complex as hers Must have a necessity have a complex solution - What are you talking about ? - The law . The simple basic fundamental biological law must be your weakness . But ? what is it ? What law ? This : No organizm can live on its own waste products its own waste is poison to any living thing That would mean it would have to be Carbon dioxide Precisely . Carbon dioxide is human waste product It would be impossible for her to adapte herself to an atmosphere ... containing carbon dioxide It could be used to anesthetize her , to render her helpless She would not be able To resist an operation You are right . You got to be right - But when ? How ? - Tonight , while she is asleep . We 'll have to seal the room of couse We can inject carbonic gas through the radiator conection When it render her helpless , We can bring her here for the operation . The room is sealed off . Where is the candle ? On the table . Be careful . she might not be asleep - Ready ? - Yes , and you can turn it on . She is dying . Get hold of yourself , dan She is not dying It 's a natural respiratory reaction - Are you sure ? - Of course I will open the door . Hurry She is unconscious and not anesthetized . If he recovers and adapts herself No , you are not going to trepanarla ? - take it easy , Dan ? . - No , I do not want have a scar . We better reach the pineal gland . this is the quickest simplest method Use something else . Try the technique , nasal strange light glow all over arround her . She Sleep like a saint . Or a goddess . A goddess overcome She is so still , so quiet . Could it be , that she ... Kyra . Kyra , ? can you hear me ? Oh , Dan ! You are going to be all right We can move her to her room now After all , we have saved her after all So we thought once before . When she deliver normal life again , will not be decided by science , Dan , Or even nature , but a far greater and a higher power It is best this way , Dan . you know that She was so beautiful .
