 This film is dedicated to the soviet men of science , engineers and workers , who 've created a new planet in the Solar System . They have brought the Sun 's satellite from fiction into the reality 's orbit . I Was a Sun 's Satellite A fantastic cine-fiction Just now another machine has left for the Moon . Which means , it 's exactly eight o 'clock . A month ago I was a Sun 's satellite . But I shouldn 't rush ahead . What happened probably interests you not only as my friend , but as a writer too ... It all started when I was a child , under strange and mysterious circumstances . Once , having arrived home from out of town , I stumbled upon a telegram . " Made a mistake . Forgot to close the safe with the old documents . In case Andrey knows the truth , will arrive at once . Sergey . " I didn 't understand what father wrote to my mother . Aside from the drawings , I found some kind of a box . A toy ... A photo ... Old newspapers , with the articles about the launches of satellites around Earth and the Sun . What " truth " were they hiding from me ? What sort of " documents " did father write about ? Perhaps these videophone tapes ? I saw the man from the photo . He was inside a flying rocket . Why aren 't you speaking ? Does the connection work ? " Space " here . " Space " here . I see some kind of gleaming . To the left . I see it on the left . But that 's not it . What is it ? What were they searching for in space ? My father was a designer of spaceships . He used to tell a lot about his work , his friends ... But he never told me about this man . ... which means that the road to space is open ! And that means , we must speed up the construction of our big spaceship ! Absolutely not . The space is full of deadly impassable zones ! Where are the facts ? Where 's the evidence ? Who has observed them ? Or has any records of them ? It 's there . Close to the sun . Perhaps today I 'll manage to persuade you . The Physical Institute was kind enough to inform us about its new research , which , I believe , is exceptionally important for us as well . Professor Kolossovsky has joined us here to to tell you , why he 's here in the first place . Let 's listen to Kolossovsky . Turn on the transmitter . Despite the fact , that the radio contact with the Earth 's satellites and even our first Sun 's satellites was stable and firm enough , we don 't have full confidence whether it 'll be just as reliable further in space . And here 's why . You know very well , that the states of matter are infinite . Some of them are simply impenetrable for radio waves . We were able to reproduce one of those states . - And I contend that ... - One minute , please . Look at it , Sergey . On Earth this state of matter manifests itself in this form . If it gets in the way of radio waves , the radio contact will be lost . I contend that ... this kinds of state occupy vast areas in space . - Why wouldn 't they ? - And I contend ... that at least half of radio noise in space depends on these states . And I contend that all the electronics on our ships in these kind of zones - will fail . Which will be a disaster for the ship . On Earth , however , we 're able to alter their properties to some extent . To destroy them , for instance . You may turn it off . We 'll learn to destroy them in space as well . If our ships don 't get in the way . But at first we must study the nature of these zones . I don 't know yet in which areas of space they exist . But I do know how to study them ! And best place for it is near the Sun ! That 's why I insist that the main goal right now is not manned flights , but a series of experiments in space of the same scale , the same mobilization of resources , as in those historical days , when soviet scientists , created the first artificial Sun satellite ! What 's all that about some mythical zones ? Who ever saw them ? I don 't know about theory , but I 've been flying the Moon routes for five years . No zones . Suppose your ship never gets into such a zone . But they do exist . We won 't understand each other , Igor . I doubt that your so called " zones " will stop our work . I 'm afraid , they will . - Shall we start , Sergey ? - Let 's start . - Red alert . - Red alert ! - Attention . - Attention ! Attention - Ready for start . - Ready for start ! Five ... Four ... Three ... Two ... One ... Start ! Father . Did you see anything else ? I couldn 't say a word . Igor Petrovich was a great scientist . I 'll tell you about him . In 1957 the first soviet artificial satellite appeared in the sky . The era of space exploration began . That first space scout was followed by flying laboratories and the second and third satellites and many others . And soon the greatest event in the era of building communism took place . On the 2nd of January , 1959 , a space rocket was launched towards the Moon , becoming a new planet in the Solar System . And so , the first time in the history of mankind , a Sun 's artificial satellite was created . Already then people got a lot of precious data on outer space , and on passage of radio waves through it . You know about Northern Lights . Their intricate flashing colors light up the dense darkness of long polar nights . Only they , amidst the icy silence , remind people about the colorfulness of the world lit by the Sun . You probably know about the magnetic storms that disturb the radio transmission . Many times before , the sailors were in distress because the compass arrow couldn 't show the way anymore . You must 've heard about these electric and magnetic effects . But I doubt that you know that the cause of all this is our Sun . To study the conditions , under which such occurrences take place , Igor Petrovich launched a number of automatic laboratories around the Sun . He thought , these satellites would prove that , akin to what happens on Earth under the influence of the Sun , the same happens in the interplanetary space . Once Igor Petrovich went to space himself to find his laboratory . But he failed . It cost him his life . That 's all . This monkey was Igor Petrovich 's present to his son on his first birthday . Some day I 'll tell you more about it . Andrey ! You must try to be like Igor Petrovich . Father 's last words sounded ... strange . I realized he hadn 't told me something most important . Years passed and the feeling of undisclosed truth gradually faded from my memory . Not so long ago , you , my friend , dreamed of being an astronaut , and now you 've become a writer . I found my vocation too ... After working on the Moon routes I devoted myself to science . Our lab was creating protective materials for spaceships . We managed to create a new material , which could protect astronauts from cosmic radiation , in any known conditions . We all were expecting the greatest event . The casing of the new ship had been made from our material . It was supposed to launch a scientific expedition in space for the first time . But something unexpected happened . One of the devices on the rocket with an animal , which had returned from an exploring flight , had registered an unusual increase in radiation . Standard ... Standard ... Standard ... A burst ! Standard again . But no deviation is seen on the second device . And why should we doubt the results of hundreds of experiments ? And why should we trust this device anyway ? That 's right . In such a long flight there can be an accidental divergence . We did want to believe it was an accidental divergence in a complex machinery . Even now I remember the day to the slightest detail . Unfortunately , Rena 's sickness is beyond doubt . Rena was a space scout . She flew the routes of the future expeditions in a scout rocket . At first I thought the doctors had made a mistake . Rena greeted me like an old friend , as usual . But soon even I noticed a change in her behaviour . Day 7 . The monkey is inert , moves less . The number of leukocytes is 2000 per 1 cubic mm . The red cells sedimentation rate is 20 mm per hour . The doctors asserted that it was a radiation sickness . Day 16 . The monkey is weak and inert , loss of appetite . The sedimentation rate has increased to 40mm per hour . Rena 's illness was a heavy blow for all of us . It was a warning about a serious threat in space . Day 21 . The condition is grave . Hemorrhages all over the body . Leukocytes - hundreds per 1 mm . Thrombocytes - 6-7 times less than normal . Days passed . Rena wasn 't getting any better . I didn 't move a step from her . I saw the life of the little monkey slowly fading away . That little creature could have opened a way into space for humanity . For she had already been in depths of the Universe . Tens of millions of kilometres were separating Rena from our planet . The devices were showing that her state was normal and that she felt just fine . Scientist all over the world were watching the flight of the space scout . Rena was in a place where nothing alive had ever been before . Who knows ? She could have been the first earthly creature to experience the unknown feeling of being in deep space . There , at some point , the menacing dangers of space caught up with her . Rena 's rocket was getting close to the Sun , a mysterious world of fire , where countless and infinite transformations of matter take place . In the depths of the Sun , under the temperature of tens of millions degrees , a powerful nuclear energy is born . From here streams of radiation rush in different directions , filling all the space near the Sun . Myriads of other suns send their radiation into space as well . They 're piercing through the whole space . These deathly space currents reach our planet too . But the Earth is very well protected from this baneful radiation by the atmosphere 's enourmous armor . The scientists have spent a good number of decades creating a material , only a few centimetres thick , which could resist the space radiation just as well as the atmosphere . Nobody had any doubts about the safety of our material . Our material used to stop the strongest radiation . So why did Rena get sick ? We rechecked everything hundreds of times , with the same results . So why did Rena get sick ? Would you be so kind as to outline the rocket 's route ? Outline ? I can draw it in my sleep . As you see , it was an elliptic curve . The rocket passed by the Sun , then it crossed the orbits of Mercury and Venus . And the level of solar activity during the flight ? No significant changes . And the intensity of cosmic radiation ? Both earth-based stations and satellites showed normal intensity . It 's strange that the increase in radiation happened when the rocket was moving away from the Sun . Usually the irradiation weakens in this case . We have to assume then , that the source of radiation was inside the rocket . The engine ? As a medic , I must say that the engine 's biological protection was designed with a great margin of safety . The engine 's protection can fail only due to a breakdown . In our case the engine had returned fully intact . There could be other sources of radiation in the cabin . The batteries . The indicators . Their radiation , even combined , is absolutely harmless . Attention . Moon station calling . Moon station speaking . Think of Igor Petrovich Kalinin . Think of his hypotheses about stray impassable zones . Try to grasp what happened in the view of this hypothesis . Could that scientist be right ? Could it be that our material was under conditions in which it lost all of its protective potency ? I made myself work . At that time , so difficult for me , behind terse numbers and formulas , I couldn 't help seeing their creators who 'd done their part and entrusted us with a task to continue it . How many generations dreamed of flying into space ? I looked at Tsiolkovsky 's portrait and remembered his words , which I knew from childhood : I believe that my dream - an interplanetary travels - will become a reality . I believe it ! That great dream reigned over the proud minds even in the face of death . I looked at the portrait of Kibalchich , russian scientist and revolutionary , And I thought I heard : " Soon I 'll be executed . But my dream must live on : my aeronautic machine ! Perhaps it will take humanity into the free universe ! I see it : the universe ! It 's waiting for a liberated man , whose mind is able to conquer infinite spaces , which separate him from magnificent knowledge . I did a lot of thinking those days . Never before had my mind worked so arduously . Never before had I worked with such persistence and exasperation . We exposed our material to the hardest trials . I admit I almost lost hope . But as usual , the solution came unexpectedly . Many had studied that tape . But only my friend noticed something strange . With an intuition of a true scientist , he 'd juxtaposed data which at first seemed unrelated . The records of anti-meteorite cannon and the indication of Rena 's nervous system , juxtaposed in time , showed that the exposure to radiation happened exactly when one of the shells was in the cannon . Could it be so simple ? No . Well , what if you 're right ? - Then out material ... - Was as reliable as always ! You ignore the fact that the radiation from a single atomic charge couldn 't be so harmful . It just couldn 't . Of course it couldn 't . - Which means ? - Which means ... the charges were accumulated in the anti-meteorite device , never released ! I get it ... I get it now ! - The rocket got into ... - The zone of radioactive perturbation ! Exactly . So this is why the electronics failed . My friend , I am approaching the most difficult part of my story . Could I imagine that the day , which had started so well , would leave me deeply astounded . Later that day , father asked me to come see him . Despite late hours , he was not alone . ... we know the opinion of anti-meteorite group , and we can 't disregard it . Andrey , we found Kalinin 's Sun satellite . At last ! The calculations centre managed to determine its orbit . Andrey ! Our friends from Pacific Institute have finished the construction of a new apparatus , which will be able to approach the Kalinin 's satellite . Moreover , it is equipped with all the necessary defences , including a reliable anti-meteorite cannon . I share your enthusiasm . But for unknown reasons , the electronics and the machinery fail in the zone with the satellite . This seems to be the case when the machinery cannot replace a man . So a man must fly . And he will get the solar lab . It 's decided , then . I 'll fly . Wait , Volodya . Commander , I 'm asking you to take my vast experience into consideration . I thought so . Even space stones can 't scare you . We have all the reasons to believe there exists a serious meteorite threat in the area of the supposed flight . One man had already been there once . With all due respect to anti-meteorite equipment and to your courage , my friends , still , we feel it our duty to show you the records of our last attempt . Sergey Ivanovich ? Could you show them , please ? I recognized the box at once . Memories of the family secret , almost forgotten after all the years , were stirred up once again . Cinematic recorders are on . The connection with the Earth was lost twenty seconds ago . So ... The zones , that I predicted , do exist ! Continuing the search for my lab . I 'm almost sure , that I 'll never return to the Earth . An emergency dump of the film container is on . The time of dumping will be registered and transmitted to the Earth . Sergey ... Please take care of my son Andrey . Andrey that was your father . Allow me to fly . The lab should be retrieved by an experienced pilot . I realized I won 't be allowed to fly . Sergey Ivanovich , did you want to say something ? To retrieve the data collected by the lab over thirty years is only a part of the task . The new equipment of the Pacific Institute will allow us to conduct extremely important additional research . That 's why I think a scientist should fly . Very well , I agree . Thank you . The first stage is off . The second stage is off . My friend , I was thinking about my father and his time . At his times , soviet people made the first steps into the interplanetary space . Since then , the Earth 's satellites have done a lot of good . They sent to the Earth messages about the movement in the atmosphere , which made it possible to predict weather . They tracked the movements of ships in the oceans , they turned the solar energy into electricity for the Earth and the Moon . I was flying through the area of the outermost satellites . The satellites , hanging above the equator , were used for transmissions from the Moscow TV Centre to the world , but now they were doing a special task , connecting me with all the radio stations on Earth . - How 's the connection ? - The connection works fine . I hear you just fine . Can you hear me ? He 's on the schedule . I 've reached the farthest point of the route of Rena 's rocket . The radio was the last link between me and the Earth . It directed my flight . And it was supposed to bring me closer to my father 's solar lab . Again some kind of gleaming . Andrey ! Switch to an autonomous control ! The noise is getting stronger . Space calling Earth ! Space calling ! This is Space , calling Earth ! Earth ! Earth ! Earth ! This is Space ! Space ! Space ! Andrey ! Andrey ! Space ! Andrey ! Andrey ! Space ! Space ! I was losing a sense of time . I was fully aware that with every minute I was getting closer to an unknown danger . Yes , that was the meteorites . I shot them , with all the atomic charges that I had . Suddenly the cannon was silent . Its atomic fuel ran out . I was disarmed . But all the stones missed me . It was a true miracle . Increase the search area . The velocity vector could change during the manoeuvres . Either that zone is very big , or he 's dragging it along . In both cases it 's ... Space . Space . Respond . Space ! Andrey ! Andrey ! Finally I saw my father 's lab . It was a Sun 's satellite , launched from the Earth many years ago . The calculations were accurate . I had only to turn on the front engines to slow down and to turn the rocket around the long axis . In a few seconds I managed to put the lab into the cargo module . Now I had to turn on the pulse engine to accelerate and escape from the zone impassable for the radio waves . I was late . A small meteorite damaged the atomic supply of the pulse engine . Then all that 's left is to escape in the emergency module with what 's left of the atomic fuel . But how can I leave the lab ? I could send it through the cargo dumping system and transfer there all the fuel . But that means to abandon the last hope of saving myself . No . I can 't do that . And what about the lab ? For years it was gathering much needed data for humanity . Does it mean that people would have to start all over again and to wait again for many years ? And suddenly , I 'm perfectly calm . The dream of my father , the dreams of many generations depend on my decision . I turn the switch , transferring all the emergency fuel to the cargo dumping system . I dumped the lab , so that it could enter the zone of radio contact . I 'm condemned to be a Sun 's satellite for eternity . For eternity ! Attention ! All the South centre stations are on ! East and West stations are operating ! Upper channel . No connection . Middle channel . No connection . Lower channel . No connection . We 've just received the deciphering of the data from the Kalinin 's lab ! Our calculations were right ! The big rocket 's expedition is ready for the flight . Sergey Ivanovich , congratulations on your success ! Upper channel . No connection . Middle channel . No connection . Lower channel . No connection . I lose consciousness from time to time . and when I wake up , I 'm tormented by the thought that I could miss the signal from the Earth . Some kind of signal ... Although I had no idea what it was supposed to be . That means the autonomous control isn 't working ? Yes . We can return him only if we restore the connection with the rocket 's main control . Attention ! Five minutes ago all the North stations reported a start of the procedure . The zone lets some of the radio waves through ! The rocket 's in the zone of radio contact ! The rocket 's in the zone of radio contact ! Can you hear me , Andrey ? You 're out of the zone ! You 're coming home ! The radio connection is back ! My friend , I was only doing my duty . But I couldn 't imagine at that moment that my efforts would be multiplied hundredfold by the will and energy of the people of the new world , who 'd open the way into the space ! I 'm on Earth again ! On our Earth ! The end
