 Subtitles by Renatinha Tankinha . BEGINNING OF THE END - This is 254 on the Ludlow 's lane . Boarding in 984-2 . We 'll be checking in in 45 minutes . - 10-4 , car 254 . KLB 646 . Pull over . I saw something . - I 'll report in . Car 254 to Champagne Havana . - 254 go ahead . - Car 254 to Havana . We 're investigating an accident at Junction 45 and Ludlow cutoff . Foul play suspected . Send homicide details . Oh yeah , the driver may have been William Summerfield . 177 Dakata street , Ludlow Illinois . One of you stay on the scene , the other investigate the Ludlow address . 10-4 , car 254 . KLB 646 . - You heard the man . - Yeah . - Looks like a girls ' sweater . Bloody . - Car 88 . Come in , car 88 . - Car 88 to Havana . Mackenzie here . Go ahead . - Car 254 's failed to report . Is that car in your area ? - No , not here . - 10-4 , car 88 . This is KLP 646 Havana calling car 254 . Come in , car 254 . Havana to car 254 . Come in car 254 . Havana to car 254 . Come in car 254 . - Hello , I 'm at Ludlow , the whole town 's destroyed . Everybody 's gone ! You gotta do something ! You won 't believe this ! Send help , lot 's of help , quick ! Alright , lady . Just follow the arrows . Any chance of getting through ? - Nope . - What happened ? - Look , lady , just stick to it , will you please ? - Tell them to take that detail out of there . The old man is sending a replacement . - Alright . - I 'm sorry , soldier , I should have explained . I 'm Audrey Aimes , National Wire Service . - Yes , ma 'am . - How do I get there ? - Sorry , my orders are to let no one through . - That surely doesn 't include the press . - I 'm sorry , ma 'am . No one is what the old man said . - Was it very bad ? Many get hurt ? - Look , lady , you 're not gonna fish any information out of me . Now , why don 't you go back on the main road ? it 's about a mile south . - I 'll take the camera , ma 'am . - Oh ! No pictures allowed . Look , you have no right to do that . - Sorry , ma 'am . - I 'd like to see your commanding officer , please . Where could I find him ? - You 'll find him in Paxton . He headquarters there . I 'll leave your camera at the roadblock . - Until further notice , all traffic will continue to be rooted around the Ludlow area according to special orders . - Good morning . - I 'd like to see your commanding officer , please . - Oh , I 'm sorry , but the Colonel 's busy . Perhaps Capt. Barton can help you . - Send her in . - OK ... - This will cover the whole situation you asked for , sir . - Thanks , Lieutenant . Sit down , please . Are you the Audrey Aimes that covered Korea for that picture magazine ? - That 's right . - I read the book you wrote after the war . Liked it very much . - Well , thank you . - You 're with National Wire Service now ? - I was on my way to Chennault field to do a picture story on a new jet plane they 're unavailing , and ... I ran into a roadblock . - So ? - Well , captain , there was a town beyond that roadblock . A town that isn 't there anymore . - Until we find out exactly what happened , we 'd like to avoid publicity . - Do you have any idea of what happened ? - I 'm sorry , miss . - Captain , you can 't suppress a story like this . - We 're not trying to , Ms. Aimes , but until we have more facts ... if ... would you give us your word not to release the story until we give the go ahead ? - You have my word . - Some time during the night , the town of Ludlow was completely demolished . The town 's population , about 150 people , vanished . - Vanished ? - No bodies , nothing . - Well , there must be some trace . - I know it 's hard to believe , Ms. Aimes , but a special detail 's gone through the wreckage for two solid hours and couldn 't find a thing . - Was it an explosion ? - We don 't know . - A hundred and fifty people just don 't vanish into thin air . - We 're still trying to find out what happened . If you 'd like to sit in . - Yes , thank you , I would . - Dave , what time did you leave Ludlow last night ? - Roughly at night after eleven o 'clock . - My son-in-law was watching television news at 10 : 30 , so I sat down and watched that . And my daughter wanted me to sit there and talk about it . And then I got to thinking that I had to get up early . So I took off . - Did you notice anything strange or unusual about the house or about the way the family acted ? - No . Same as always . - When you were driving out of town , nothing out of the way in the street , the building or the sky ? No unusual light , some sound or movement ? - Well , I heard something that sounded like thunder . And about midnight a plane went over it . - Alright , Dave . I can call you again if I need you ? - Oh , yeah , sure . - Edna ? Is that the telephone company 's official transcript ? - I put through the last call to Ludlow at 11 : 59 PM . - And when did you first notice anything wrong with the Ludlow connection ? - 4 : 45 this morning . I phoned the company lines ' men to go out there right away . - So , the telephone lines could have gone down anywhere between 11 : 59 and 4 : 45 . Alright , Edna , thanks . You 've been very helpful . - Oh , Colonel Sturgeon , Ms. Aimes , National Wire Service . - How do you do ? - Audrey Aimes , I 've read a lot of your stuff , seen a lot of your photographs . Yes ? - Set to go , sir , whenever you 're ready . - I 'll be right there . I hope you understand our problem , our need to keep this quiet . - Yes , the Captain 's briefed me . - If anyone wants me , I can be reached in Ludlow by radio . - Yes , sir . - How 's chances of me going along ? - Not this trip . Maybe later . In any case , not until we know what 's out there . - Oh , by the way , Colonel , my camera was taken from me at the road block by one of your men . - I 'll give orders to have it released . - Oh , there has to be a logical explanation for this . A town of 150 people just doesn 't disappear . - This one did . - Chicago mobile service operator . I 'd like to place a person-to-person call , please , to Mr. Norman Taggart , Editor-in-chief of National Wire Service . The number is Murray Hill 44836 . - In what city , please ? - New York . - Aud , you wind up that jet plane story already ? - I 'm not on the jet story . Norm , listen , I 'm on to something I think can be real big . - Uh-huh . Where ? Oh . Brother ... Huh ? What do you mean we can 't print it ? - I 've given my word to hold off for a while . Now , listen , Norm . A plane flew over Ludlow last night about midnight . Just about the time the lid blew out . Check on it . And ... check Washington . See if they had an atomic installation in the Ludlow area . - Okay . - Call me back as soon as you have anything , alright ? Goodbye . - Sorry , miss , you can 't ... oh , it 's you again . - I know I can 't . But I 'd like to have my camera back , please . Col. Sturgeon said he was going to speak to somebody . - Hey Corporal ! Mathias ! She wants her camera back . - Hello , Norm ? What 's the score ? - Wrong track , baby . The airlines confirmed a commercial liner over Ludlow at 12 : 03 last night . And there are no atomic installations , secret or otherwise , within 75 miles of Ludlow . - Well , it was a possibility . - The only people who 've been playing around with the radioactive materials in your vicinity is the U.S. Department of Agriculture . - Department of Agriculture ? - Yeah , they 've got an experimental project just outside Paxton . - U.S. Department of Agriculture , Illinois Experimental Station . OK , I 've got that . I 'll ... I 'll keep in touch . U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE ILLINOIS EXPERIMENTAL STATION Excuse me . I beg your pardon . I beg your pardon ! Oh ! - Hello . - Oh , hello . I ... I spoke to him , but I guess he didn 't hear me . - Oh , he 's a deaf mute . Working with radiation can be dangerous . An accident last year caused him his speech and his hearing . - Oh , I 'm sorry . I 'm looking for the project director . - I am the project director . My name is Ed Wainwright . What can I do for you ? Oh , excuse me a minute . - I 'm sorry , Frank . Nothing to worry about . Just a slight catastrophe . - Do you have these catastrophes very often ? - All the time . It 's hard to keep these little things from getting in . These are snails . Last summer it was caterpillars . And after that it was grasshoppers by the droves , and , just last week it was beetles . Now , what can I do for ya ? - Oh , Mr. Wainwright , I 'm Audrey Aimes , I 'm with the National Wire Service . I suppose you heard what happened at Ludlow . - Yes . - I 'm trying to find out what was responsible , and it occurred to me that radiation of some sort might have caused the destruction out there . - No , I don 't think so . Here . We 're the only people around here using radioactive materials . An isotope is nonexplosive . So , I 'm afraid your answer isn 't here . - Oh , I see . Now , tell me , is this thing really a strawberry ? - Yes . And these are tomatoes . This , we hope , is the future of the American farmer . And , for that matter , all farmers everywhere . - Can you eat them ? - No , not yet . But we hope to develop one day a hybrid that can be eaten . - How is it there hasn 't been any publicity on this ? - Oh , there have been a few stories in farm journals , but to the laws , to the public , these giants are just freaks of nature . No practical value . - Well , how do they get so big ? - Well , radiation causes photosynthesis , that is the ... the growing process to continue night and day , Radio isotopes act as a ... sort of artificial sun , a sun that never sets . - That 's fascinating . But , tell me , what 's he doing ? - Well , that 's plant food . Essential minerals . Keeps the plants from burning themselves out . They have to be fed constantly . Actually , the fruit would grow much larger if we didn 't limit the stimulation . Maybe you 'd like to do a story on us . I 'd be glad to tell you more about the work . - Thank you very much . I 'd be very interested , but , well , right now I 'm working on this Ludlow story . Thanks again . - Right . Goodbye . - Goodbye . Colonel ! - You here ? - Well , he wouldn 't let me inside , so ... - Colonel ! Springfield is on the line . - Colonel , you just got back from Ludlow . You said after you got back , I could go . - I said maybe . Well , how about it ? Tomorrow it will be open to the press . - Oh , Colonel , be fair . I 've played ball with you . You 'll give me the jump on the other reporters that will be in here . At the least let me take some pictures at Ludlow . I promise I won 't put on the wire until tomorrow . - Well , I guess you rate that . For effort , anyway . Capitain , take Miss Aimes to Ludlow . And I hope you have a strong stomach . - We 're gonna take some pictures in Ludlow . If ... uh ... we 're not back in fifteen minutes , better come in after us . - Yes , sir . Let ' em through . - I 've got enough . Some people use calendars to tell age . I could use ruins to count mine . I was twenty-five when I went through soul left after Brussels . I was 20 when I took my camera into Cologne and Berlin after World War II . - Must be used to it by now . - Captain , there are some things you never get used to . - How about a drink to wipe away some memories ? Good way to get rid of the jitters . I know a little place ... - How do 150 people vanish into thin air ? - Well , around this part of the country things seem to have a way of vanishing . Only a couple of months ago it was a warehouse . Kind of fell apart overnight , just like Ludlow . - Hello , Frank . - Hi ! Did you decide to come back and do a story on us ? - Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I came back for some help . I 'd like you to do me a favor . - Anything I can . - Remember the warehouse that was destroyed about three months ago ? - Uh-huh . - I want you to take me to see it . - Oh , I , uh ... I 'd like to , but I 've got too much work on my hands right now . How about tomorrow ? - Three months ago a warehouse was destroyed . And the one person it vanished . This morning , Ludlow was destroyed . All the people in it vanished . Don 't you see a possible tie-up ? - It 's possible , I suppose . What do you want me to do ? - Just ride out there with me and take a look at it . - I don 't understand how good it will do . The authorities investigated it thoroughly . - The sheriff thinks in terms of crime and publicity . You 're a scientist . You think in terms of cause and effect . Maybe you will see something that the sheriff missed . - That shouldn 't be too difficult . Still , I ... I don 't know . - What 's he saying ? - He says that ... that your lips are easy to read , that your theory makes you a very bright girl in his book and that he 'd like to go along with us . - Good . - When you barge into peoples lives and drag them off to places they don 't really want to go , aren 't you ... sort of in danger of becoming unpopular ? - That 's an occupational hazard . - How do you pick such an occupation ? - I think it sort of picked me . I guess I was just born inquisitive . Ever since I can remember I 've wanted to know the why and where for just about everything I saw . I inherited my knack with the camera from dad . My curiosity supplied the nose for news and the camera supplied the memory . So there you have it . What about you ? Have you always been interested in science ? - Oh , I guess I have always been , one way or another . I used to fool around with radios and anything electrical when I was a kid . I was a radar officer during the war and then I got into this when I got out . Ah , yes , I remember now , that every time I read one of your articles it was dateline from some are of flood or famine or war ... Made me realize what a sheltered life we scientists really lead . - Sheltered ? Look what happened to Frank . - Looks to me as some force had to push these walls out from the inside . - You think it was an explosion ? - No. it couldn 't have been . Any explosion big enough to destroy this warehouse would certainly be heard at Ludlow . - What was it they kept stored here ? - Wheat . Almost a million bushels . - That 's a lot of wheat . - It was a surplus to keep the market from being oversupplied . - Does it strike you as a little strange that out of all that wheat there 's not a grain left anywhere ? - No , that 's nature 's way , Audrey . Birds probably cleaned up the leavings . I see what you mean , Frank . - What is it , Ed ? - You see how barren this ground is ? - I don 't know . I 've seen horses leave it like this . - No , this is deeper than the horses go and much more thorough . Pratically down to the roots . The horses pick and choose , they leave patches . - Hmm ... - But this is completely barren . Well , leave it to Old Frank . He 'll make a botanist out of me yet . - You 're head of a government lab and you need lessons in botany ? - Well , I try to teach him what I can about my field of study and he tries to teach me what he can about his . - Aren 't you a botanist ? - No , no , I 'm an entomologist . The study of insects . - Well , then how come you 're working with plants ? - Well , the ... the existence and development of plants and insects are very closely related . They 're highly dependent on one another . As a plain matter of fact one couldn 't live without the other . And that 's what I can 't understand . Ground like this is usually teeming with insects . This area is completely devoid of it . - I think I 'd like to get some shots of this . I 'm going back to the car for my camera . - Alright . Here , let me help you . - What was that ? - I don 't know . - Oh , my god ! No , Frank 's gone . You can 't save him . - Get in the car ! - The Geiger counter showed no radioactivity to speak of , sir . Only background . There 's got to be an explanation somewhere . - I got your explanation for you , Tom . - Ed ! - Now , listen . You 've known me ever since I came to Paxton . You know I 'm not given to hysteria , and you 've got to listen to me with an open mind . - Take it easy , Ed . - Locusts . - What are you talking about ? - I 'm talking about giant locusts . Giant locusts are responsible for all of this . Are you nuts ? No evidence of any explosion , Colonel . Gullies look more like they 're reeled with a battering ram . We found these guns at the scene . The kind people keep in their homes . They 've been fired . - Okay . Lieutenant ! - Now , listen , Tom . These are eight feet tall , some are even bigger . They 're vicious , merciless killers . - Now , Ed ... Lieutenant ! Lieutenant , phone Springfield again . Tell him I 'm still waiting for those specialists . - Yes , sir . - Frank Johnson is dead . He was killed not half an hour ago . - It was horrible . - Obviously you are both under a strain ... - Won 't you listen ? You 've got to get more soldiers out there before more people are killed . - Miss Aimes ! The governor asked me to exercise discretion when dealing with you . Please don 't make it any harder for me than it is . - You have to believe us ! Listen , you 've seen the giant plants out at the lab . - Are you trying to tell me you breed these things ? - In a sense I did , yes . Some locust must have gotten into the lab and they ate some of the plants or some of the radioactive plant food . Well , their cell division accelerated immediately . That is , they started to grow abnormally fast . Well , they had to have a constant food supply to sustain this growth . So , a couple of months ago , they wandered into the grain elevator outside of town . When they grew to this giant size , they pushed their way out . - Or we 'll just push the building down . - Yes ! Each one of them has the strength of ten men . There are probably two or three hundred of them . - So , last night not satisfied of eating grain , they came to Ludlow ? - Yes . Even if I went for your story about the size , it would be hard to believe that it attacked people . Sargent ! That report come in from the chemists ? - No , not yet , sir . - Why won 't you listen ? - I am listening . - We saw Frank Johnson Killed by a giant locust . - Sure , and there have been reliable people who 've also seen flying saucers and weird little men from Mars . - I 'll take another look at that town out there . Or have you found the answer ? - Lieutenant ? - Yes sir ? - I 'm taking the detail out for a look around . You 're to keep radio contact . I want ten men . Get ' em on the truck . - Yes , sir . - Alright , Ed , you can show me the exact spot where you saw ... well , whatever it was you saw . - No ... - Well , after all , let 's see this grasshopper . - Alright . - Alright , grasshopper , he is allright . - Man , we 're gonna dig up some crazy grasshoppers . - Why didn 't they give us nets instead of rifles ? - Alright , I can 't do much without them . - Alright , men , clear out ! - Here 's the spot , Tom . - Where 's the body ? - There isn 't any body . Just like Ludlow . - Alright , men , into the woods . Hey , Frank ! Maybe we could train one of these giant locusts to pull a plow , huh ? Struck ? - Yeah ? - I don 't like this thing . - Ah , take it easy . - You know , grasshoppers are good eating , - Yeah , Mustard and ketchup . No , no kidding . I had once on Mexico . - Well , you better watch your step . The lava will get even . They must have seen something . Mr Wainwright assing it . Stay up to see things right . - Well , these days they blame atom for everything . Bad health , bad crops , bad weather ... Now it 's grasshoppers . - They couldn 't have just dreamed up this guy Frank being knocked off . - Ah ! - Oh ! - Oh , my God ! - Get back in the truck ! - And every available man . Also get some air support . We 'll pummel out of that forest ! - What are you gonna do ? - Go in there and wive out every last one . - They 'll slaughter you . - Not this time . I want light artillery brought up with company eight . - You don 't have enough men . - There will be three regiments out there tomorrow by 0300 . - You don 't understand ; you still don 't have enough men . - Not enough men for a couple hundred locusts ? - There are more than a couple hundred . - But you said before ... - That was before I heard them screech . The noise they made convinces me there are more . - How many are there ? - I don 't know . There could be countless numbers . I think you better call in a regular army , Tom . - What would I get off for a regular army to handle some oversized grasshoppers ? Why , they 'd sectionate me right out of the service . - Lieutenant , take charge of the east sector . - Yes sir . - You 're making a mistake , Tom . I 'm afraid he doesn 't understand how serious this is . - After all , he knows what the military is capable of . - Well , that 's just it . He has faith in regimental fire power because he 's seen it work . But he 's never come up against an enemy like this before . - Now , you 've done all you can . - No , no I haven 't . In a way I feel responsible , Audrey . The country is in deadly danger if these locusts break out in the forest . - What are you gonna do ? - I 'm going to Washington . Maybe the army people will listen to me . - I 'll go with you . Maybe I can help . I saw them , too . - Alright . I 've got to convince them , Audrey . We may be witnessing the beginning of an era that will mean the complete annihilation of man . - Annihilation ? - Annihilation . The beginning of the end . - This , gentlemen , is the enemy . This locust , more commonly known as the grasshopper , is almost identical to the giant locust of Ludlow except for its size and the fact that the giant 's wings failed to develop . They cannot fly . The Locust is intelligent . It 's strong . Locusts follow a leader . Like the bee and the ant they are able to communicate with each other . This communication or call is produced by the hind legs . This is the 1956 Australian locust plague . Covered an area of 400 square miles . We 've been plagued by locusts since biblical times . We 've tried various forms of combating them . As a matter of fact , in our own country , the early settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony armed themselves with bundles of brush and drove millions of locusts into the sea . Now , today , despite the fact that we 've developed powerful insecticides , the locust still inflicts damages to the tune of $ 25,000,000 in the United States alone . California ... Colorado , Texas . Even this small locust will attack a man . It has two powerful jaws with a very sharp teeth , It will kill other insects and devour them . If no other insects are available , it becomes a cannibal . Turning on its own kind . Now , you 've seen what a locust can do in its normal size , smaller than your thumb . Imagine if you will , a locust that 's grown bigger than a man , and is continuing to grow . x de 1956 than others , but each one a deadly killer . I hope you realize we haven 't much time . - You are a scientist , Mr. Wainwright . You know what locusts can do . I 'm a soldier . I know what guns can do . I feel secure the Illinois National Guard can handle this situation . Did you want to say something , General Hanson ? - No , sir . - I was greatly impressed with your presentation , Wainwright . I 'm sure all of us were . Thank you very much for coming . - I 'm afraid my presentation didn 't impress you quite enough , General . - I don 't understand you . - I mean that when the locusts start to move out of that forest , I 'm not sure that you 'll be able to stop them . - What are you suggesting we do , Mr. Wainwright ? - Get them with everything you 've got . Now ! You need more men , a lot more men . You need tanks and heavy artillery ... - As of now , the full strength of the Illinois National Guard is in alarm , surrounding the Ludlow Illinois Forests . As I said before , Mr. Wainwright , you are a scientist . Why not leave the fighting to the military ? - Urgent call from Paxton , Illinois , sir . - General Short here . Yes . Yes , I see . Thank you . Matt will fly to Paxton with Mr. Wainwright . He 'll take charge of operations . Mr. Wainwright ? I owe you an apology . The locusts have broken through our defense lines . Thousands of pastures . Our troops are reorganizing to prevent Paxton itself from being overrun . - The hill position in the suburbs of Paxton must be held . Otherwise , the 100 miles between Paxton and Chicago will lie open . - General ? We can 't land in Paxton , sir . - Why not ? - It just came over the radio , sir . Giant locusts have overrun Paxton at 1400 . - Head for Chicago . - Yes , sir . - Captain , I want these positions held and I want them all held at all costs if humanly possible . - Captain , have your map people immediately turn out two overlays . Showing the Chicago defense lines as tendered reset . Yes ? General Hanson , Army H.Q. Chicago Ill . GIANT LOCUST MOVING NORTH . ILLINOIS TOWNS OF PEORIA , PONTIAC , AND JULIET DESTROYED . DEFEND CHICAGO AT ALL COSTS . GEN . JOHN T. SHORT , CHIEF OF STAFF , U.S. ARMED FORCES , WASHINGTON D .. C. Major Everett - What about squadron 12 ? - They haven 't reported yet , General . - Well , then let me know once you hear . - Yes , sir . I 'll be with you in a moment . Hale . You 'll proceed at once to temporary GHQ of central sector and assume command . Norm . You will order the 81st army division to proceed without delay to Chicago . Have the CG report to me upon arrival . Request the Defense Department to alert the following divisions , Dave . First armory , Deportia . The first airborne . The 92nd , and the 76th . Now , what 's your problem ? - Food . At the rate refugees are pouring into Chicago , General , our emergency stocks won 't last long . - Thyroxine is one we haven 't tried . - How good is it ? - Almost as powerful as Chlorine . - Alright . Ship 2,000 gallons out to the base . - Excuse me . Hello ? He 's speaking . - Squadron 12 just reported . They say they came down in a day . And pratically drowned the enemy in insecticide . The Chlordane didn 't even slow them down . You 'll have to come up with something stronger . - I 'll do my best , General . Goodbye . The stuff 's no good . Forget it . - Looks pretty bad , doesn 't it ? - I thought you went back to New York . - Well , the big story 's here . - Look , your editor called you back because it was too dangerous . - I wanted to be here . - Nothing we 've done so far , insecticides , fire bombs , nothing has done any good , in so little time . - Well , you 're doing everything you can . - Well , everybody is , but it 's not good enough . The time will come when the beasts will inherit the earth . - No , there 's no sign of the locust yet , General . Out . - and with a lark of five divisions to the west and south of Chicago . General Hansen is confident that he can keep the menace at bay . Units of the air force and marines are moving into position to back up those forces already deployed by the army . But the one advantage our forces hold over the enemy is that they always reveal their intention to attack . Before every attack , the locust sent forth this warning in the form of a high pitched screech . Now , this screech increases in intensity until it reaches ear-shattering proportions . And it 's when this screech reaches its full intensity that the locusts attack . - You got every available men in line , major , and I think there 's no question at what it will do . - Hold your fire , men ! Fire ! - They keep coming , General ! They seem to be gathering in a formation . They 're hammering in a single point in our line . They keep coming , general . Inch by inch they 're moving closer . Still they come , wave after wave . They 're going through a breech in their line . Turn around . Repeat , turn around . - We interrupt this program for an important announcement . The giant locust have reached the Chicago south side and nearby suburbs . I repeat , the giant locust have reached the Chicago south side and nearby suburbs . Keep calm . Take shelter in the basement . Take shelter in the basement . Do not panic ! Attention , please . Attention , please . Keep moving . Do not block the highway . Push stowed cars off the road at once . Keep all traffic moving . Do not panic . Do not panic . - General . - Ed , Miss Aimes , grab a chair and sit down . I sent for you because of a new development that may be favorable to us . The locusts have stopped their advance . They 're huddled in the alleys and buildings just outside the loop . - The locust got cold . When the temperature drops below 68 degrees , they just stop moving . - Well , maybe now is the time we can move in and destroy them . - Well , they aren 't in hibernation , sir . They 'll move if they 're provoked and they 're as deadly as ever . When the sun comes out tomorrow , they 'll be active again . - The air force is standing by with a B-52 loaded with an atom bomb . - You can 't drop an atom bomb on Chicago ! - Washington has given me authority to do just that . As a last contingency . If the bomb is dropped early tomorrow , there 'll be no loss of life . The city will be evacuated by then . - But what about the property ? We 'll get billion dollars of damage in a site that 's too contaminated to build on . - I realize that . But if we don 't drop the bomb , Chicago will most certainly fall . The bomber crew is alerted . We 'll drop at dawn . If we don 't come up with something by then , I 'll make a final check with Washington and relay their okay . Isn 't there a chance the ... locust could die in the night ? Of the cold ? - No . Not at this time of year . It takes 24 hours of exposure at 14 degrees . - Isn 't there some way you could ... drive them into the lake ? In Washington you said the settlers did that . - Settlers ? - Hmm ? Oh . Oh , the early settlers in Massachusetts , they did literally drive them into the sea . But they weren 't dealing with giants . Wait a minute . We can 't drive them . Not drive . We could attract them . Attract . If we could reproduce their call , General , it just might work . It just might work . - A call for insects ? - Have you ever been duck hunting , General ? - The duck call ? - Yes . There 's one for bees , too . They use it in apiaries . It might work . - What do you need ? Well , let me see . I need a ... I need a oscil oscillator , I need an audio tube , two audio amplifiers , the most powerful you can get . I need an oscilloscope , I need some high frequency radio equipment . And a boat . A fast boat . - Whatever you need , we 'll get . - Well , there 's one thing I have to get myself . Something that will tell me when I 've succeeded . - What 's that ? - A live , giant grasshopper . - Now , they gotta be around here somewhere . Alright , men , off the truck . - Major , I 'd suggest you send some of them that way and some down there and you and I try the alley . - O.K. You four men go that way , you men that way . - Let 's go . - Come on , men . We found one in here ! Come on ! It 's lucky we got one of the smaller grasshoppers . Not too close , major . We put that cage up in a hurry , We don 't know how strong it is . A month ago I was teaching my engineering class at the university . It was safe and secure . Look at me now . You know , I 'm 37 years old . And all of a sudden I realized for the first time how much I 've taken life for granted . I guess that 's something you can 't take for granted , Major . - Ed , how will you know when you 've got the right sound ? - He will tell us . - How ? - He 'll react to it . And this polygraph will record his reactions . - How long will it take ? - It 's a matter of trial and error . It could take ten minutes or ten hours . - We don 't have ten hours . We 're dropping that bob at dawn . - How does this work ? - Attach these wires to the polygraph to the two copper strips at the base of the cage . Now , the locust , like the other living thing has galvanic reflexes or electrical charges in direct ratio to its activity or emotional stimulation . - I don 't understand . - Well , in other words , when we hit the correct sound or signal , the grasshopper will react to it and the polygraph will record the change . Now , you notice how steady and regular the movement of the needle is now ? When we reproduce the grasshopper 's call , the lines will become longer and highly irregular . - It 's like a lie detector test , isn 't it ? - Uh-huh . That is the first time a grasshopper ever got one . Now , if you 'll keep your eye on the needle for any unusual jumps or dips , we 'll get to work . - Wainwright , you 've had your chance . Now it 's the air force 's turn . Operator . Operator , this is a top priority call . Get the general Wagner at the base . - Look , general , the locusts outside will stay put until the temperature reaches 68 degrees . That 's about an hour and a half from now . - Wagner . Chicago has been evacuated . Unless you receive instructions on the contrary by 0616 , that is ... - That 's 90 minutes from now . You allow the B-52 crew to look at the bottom of the designated target . Repeat the instructions back to me . Correct . There 's no time to fool with that now . Major , get detail of men to move that stuff . And bring some extra grenades . There 's some in my staff car . There 's a new lab set up for you at my new HQ outside the city . - I can 't move now . - Well , you can 't stay here . Not with an atom bomb hanging over your head . - I don 't have any choice ! Look , up till now , we have been using a filtered signal and it hasn 't worked . But it 's just possible that the hearing apparatus of the locust can detect harmonic frequencies above the human range . Well , to test these frequencies , I need every minute that 's left . If you 'll just give me one man to replace Miss Aimes . - I 'm staying . - Well , look , this is no time to be worrying about a big story . - I 'm not worried about a story . - Will you please leave before it 's too late ? - No . - Major , you and a detail of two men will remain here with Mr. Wainwright . I will station men at three observation posts . One in the suburbs , one near the art institute , and one on top of the downtown hotel . Also , a helicopter will spot from above . There will be a getaway car parked downstairs at the main entrance . I suggest you use it by ... by 5 : 45 at the very latest . If you are successful , contact me at once , so I can stop the bomb . - Ed . Ed , look at this . - I think you 've got it ! - That 's good , Audrey . We 've got it ! - The cage is yielding . Cover him up . And get that thing out of here . Emergency lab at Chicago to GHQ . Emergency lab at Chicago GHQ . Come in General , are you there ? Now , listen to me , Wainwright . - We found it , General . We 've found the frequency . - Good . Now stand by . I 've got to stop that A-bomb . I 'll get right back to you . Chicago GHQ to double B. Chicago GHQ to double B. Chicago GHQ to double B. Over . - This is double B. Come in , Chicago GHQ . Over . - Hanson here . Your mission is canceled . Return to your base . Repeat the the message . Over . - Mission canceled . Return to base . Over . - Chicago GHQ to Emergency Lab . - Right here . - The show is yours , Wainwright . - Alright . Get that equipment on the lake in a boat . And I 'll be your Pied Piper . - I still don 't understand . Why didn 't you put the oscillator in the boat in the first place to send out the call ? Why attract them here ? - Because we 'd never get them all . Here , look . Here we are in Downtown Chicago near the lake . Now , the locusts have scattered all through the suburbs on the south side . And we 'll send out the call from here . - Yes , but that 's going to attract them to us , not into the water . - Well , first of all , it 's imperative that every last one of the locusts hear the call . Now , in order to do that , we 've got to get our amplifier speaker at the highest possible point to get the maximum range . Now , we 've got ours on the roof of this building , which is one of the tallest in Chicago . Now , once we get them here ... - Well , I say then boat will take over . - Exactly . Once we have them at the heart of the loop near our location , they 'll be within range of the amplifier on the boat . I will then radio our oscillator signal out to the boat , and they in turn will rebroadcast it over their amplifier directing the locusts to them and ... into the lake . - We hope . - We hope . Now , will you check and see about the temperature ? - How can we be sure , sir ? - Hmm ? What to you mean ? - How can you know that we 'll get them all ? - Well , that 's where our observation posts and the helicopter come in . From air reports , we 'll know the exact location of the locusts at all times . And if it 's working . - It 's 70 degrees out . they 're probably starting to move . - Emergency Lab to all Observation Posts . Emergency Lab to all Observation Posts . Report in . Over . - Observation Post number Two to Emergency Lab . Over . - What is your location ? Over . - I 'm situated in a store across from the Art Institute on Michigan Boulevard . The street is empty . Nothing in sight . Out . - Observation Post number three to Emergency Lab . I 'm on the roof of the Drayton Hotel . Don 't see any grasshoppers in this area , but the south side is getting some action . Out . - Emergency Lab to Observation Post One . Emergency Lab to Observation Post One . You did not report in . What 's your location , Post One ? Over . - This is Observation Post number One . I 'm right in the middle of them . I 'm just south of 73rd and South shore drive . Hot . - Emergency Lab to Helicopter . Over . - Helicopter to Emergency Lab . The locusts are active in the south side of Chicago . There 's yet another in the downtown area . Out . - Can you read me , Emergency Lab ? Over . - Yes , we can read you fine , General . Are you all set ? Over . Oh , we 're not quite ready , yet . I think you 'd better hold off a few more minutes . Over . - I think we 'd better start now , General . If they should change their direction and start moving away from Chicago , we may not get them all . Over . - I don 't like you starting until we 're completely ready . This boat has to draw them away from you at a split second 's notice . Over . - I 'd like to start , sir . - Then go ahead . - Sargent ? - Yes , sir ? Is that the wire that leads to the speaker on the roof ? - Yes , sir . - Well , plug it into the amplifier , will you ? - Yes , sir ! - Post Number One to Emergency Lab . The locusts are leaving this section . They 're heading towards Chicago 's Downtown . - Helicopter to Emergency Lab . The locust are moving on the downtown area . - Observation Post Number Three to Emergency Lab . The locust are everywhere ! They 're moving toward your location . I repeat : The locusts are moving toward the Emergency Lab . - They 're everywhere ! - Emergency Lab to Boat , Emergency Lab to Boat . It 's working , General , it 's working . - I heard the reports . - Ah , Help ! Help ! - Here they come ! They 're coming down the street . - Oh , they 're climbing the building ! - Wainwright to boat , Wainwright to boat , come in , please , come in . - Come in , Wainwright . - How soon are you ready ? - We 're ready as soon as we get clearance from observation posts . Now , check them immediately . Out . Boat to helicopter . - They 're still going in , sir , but it will be a while before they all reach the downtown sector . - Wainwright . You 'll have to hold out a bit longer . All the locust haven 't reached the downtown sector yet . - Alright , we 'll try . - We can 't hold out much longer ! - Boat to Observation Posts . Report . Go on . - Post number One . All clear , sir . - Post number two . All clear , sir . - Helicopter reporting . All clear , sir . - Whenever you 're ready , general ! - Then let 's have it . - Okay , go ahead , Audrey . - Throw the switch . - Fire ! Helicopter to boat . General , they 're responding . They 're responding ! They 're swarming toward the water . They 're climbing all over each other ! Going into the water ! - Head for shore . THE END
