 This is Marcel the Russian intelligence agency personnel , we need to help why should we do this ? easy they had no legal status in Thailand this is a quick way to What is it ? this is the latest of his actions good if the outside security I want my assets transferred to Thailand and Malaysia between you have a very important task called Marcel to complete the transaction yes , Clare you know that you must finish the job after the mission the project will be subject to change this is your resume ? you write something like that are true ? we will investigate if there are problems will be returned to the I hope you know I was already ready what is that ? this important ? do you think ? does not matter I do not ask then how do you want ah ? OK I shall allow you a depends on the performance of your own we will look at hope it will not let us down this is an important task in fact , such a reason must finish the job can not go wrong you want to Well I will complete the well , usually you have to train yes , I will certainly do so you stop here the task entrusted to you hello , welcome you to come What 's your name ? he called the palace was the police but also you have the flats are our goal the other side of the island here , to leave the place where we landed 50 years we are in the other side of the landing take a look at the river in fact , is not a river as too short but the can lead to this place and it is our first maps you can see the same we have to find other areas and then here , etc . Our task must be completed within 10 minutes no matter what you have must be completed ahead of schedule OK we carefully do not hurt if you can not come back , we will leave you we 'd better to confirm a we must remember that these people this is Marcel the Russians 45-year-old it is important that we use the method we must be careful do not underestimate him remember , we have to capture him are well aware of it ? You only 10 minutes to complete the task to see do not move put down the gun Dad brisk walking today there were two big explosion attracted a lot of people were killed at present the police are investigating the will soon have the results of we will provide timely reports on all Hello major you receive my letter , right ? yes very good you give me find them I will try to I wish you good luck Thank you you come , you ready ? of course , otherwise how do I come ? but fortunately this time we succeeded in to see if they are good ah - to decide - yes you are expert tell me why you did not do of course , useful you almost die , remember ? yes , yes but can only do things in one place I said that the if we want to use a technology , we need to ensure hundred percent accuracy of the signal as we planned before the explosive powder we must ensure that the dry weather we must ensure that completed before the dawn do you understand ? Because that place is dry is I need to go back yes , I am going to Kenya go to a month , working and then I will go back to my office in Bangkok I can assure you I will help you , I will try to must Good evening , Good evening Good evening , Good evening , Good evening , Good evening Good evening , Good evening , ready for action everything is carefully what plans ? there is nothing the how to do on how to do but also how it kind of I told you not to do you do not believe now happened you 'll have to see the this how to solve the I can not help you , CIA involved in the I know what you mean do not worry , I can Gaoding but the CIA is very keen it is difficult to deal with we have to spend energy on but we can Gaoding a month later there is progress ? you know squat 17 years in prison , what it feels like do ? this is the United States , not France they who are looking for me George ? George W. Bush do ? that 's right George ? Bush may be able to find you you know you can do do not worry about those people what to do I knew all are you kidding me ? you know this is a very secret thing is derived from the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister , do not forget I am just looking for a person you 're crazy download good , Gao Ding Claire , I would like hello nicely with top secret from the Deputy Prime Minister 's office was stolen this is the information about our friends this is a very tough role in why do you want to find him ? we have done , but we need to do more in preparation for the Aircraft Where is he ? Bangkok no , Bowman no I do not give you recommendations I give you the command Dad , our resources are limited this you can not do the same thing and now we are concerned about is the terrorist activities terrorism , God , terrorism , who fucking knows how to do it in the end to we must clearly course , we clearly do you think we are eating rice , ah I need to find Natiao clues , to protect him if he got into trouble you have to replace his place Bangkok I am sorry to keep you waiting things I have brought I finally found you 11091,190,201 is that he hurry up run damn you will die as far as far as I know the state of criminal suspects in the process of escape were arrested in how do you know do you think I did not know anything from where in the end you know ? you do come to their senses ? my little tube things you I will deal with Bangkok Executive hello you had better come What happened ? there are emergency situations , quick to see me how kind you want ? to see your own let me shot - Executive Good - Hello feeding yes please wait for the next the boss , your phone hello , I 'm Cenraud hello , I 'm Claire Claire ? I was the person Mr. Barber knowing the the Prime Minister at the meeting act to make a great effort against international terrorism we will lose some things Malaysia would like to do Walaikama the problem now is that Deputy Prime Minister 's office has the highest confidential documents the envelope inside the photograph of the person a relationship with this matter he has a lot of names but his real name is Jeff Wu 19961997 he organized terrorist activities in Afghanistan and now he is a professional killer in his stir up big trouble , we have to find him knowing the be sure to complete the task - to give you - Thank you , there are new tasks of the but this task quite heavy We must be careful do not worry about I am glad to see you I hope you can understand you about the person to the - Hello - Hello the situation is very urgent how can emergency law ? you do not worry about him we are able to subdue him we know that but there are some serious problems he had trouble trouble ? her murder , and now run - Sergeant , I have come - came there are things to look at you and you now see is we are now most wanted men you look at the wait a minute , I would like to ask why I this is not you should ask so ah you are looking for this person I have a way to find him you 'd better be able to find I tried to OK then you go look up where he lived there are that we have here are clues to the taxi drivers non - do not disturb him wait for us to wait a minute this is our thing not just your business now found him you go there , and then killed him we have nothing to be afraid of the you O.K. - Hello - Hello you do want to rent ? it is not , we want to come to people he a man a man , I see - Hello - This is a personal named to see you who ? well , I know he immediately came you can not go in he ran nothing - you be careful - I will this is your start I won you do , stopped the suspect is dead there is no go look up firearms a good in the end of it where how do I feel not so good because you do not have a good rest I have to get that thing feeding succeeded it ? and cargo in this together happily this is what the car ah good bored ah why do we need to do such a thing ah you should not be too boring is good you give me be properly looked Do not let him run what is that ? - is not that ? - What he Yo Hello , I am good , very good followed by his a good we come at once they found him very good let 's take a look at the U.S. Kung Fu martial arts of Japan what can you do ? methods ? she was police you keep up with him ? you are who ? This is for what ? not why do not think I 'm afraid you I am glad to see you You Well how ? she was hurt previously worked at the CIA is a very can play in I just want to know something after you left bitch You Well we have not seen each other for a long time you will not want to talk to us or you simply do not want to I will not let you succeed you want something on the inside do you think you can get one ? I just do not give you death you too much nonsense look at my no one is not I die , then I would have ruined it Do not challenge my bottom line I will not yield to Do not good to be true of the Do not force me to I 'd like to see what you can do you do ah how ? Not ? you do not I help you , ah you dare not then let me help you , bomb You Come we have been against ask you to come in quickly a good let 's go I will , but you tell me what you know all things how could this be ? my brother do ? do not worry he 'll come in not ... Yo we must go ready ? ready to - really ? - Yes , no problem feeding is me , how something like it ? is not out of any accident to take care of yourself she is a cunning man I should ... a thorough search , do not miss a corner of the is this is live coverage of there has recently been a riot you all right ? she ran away we go back and look up information on her Mosa Road you have to be careful be careful that she would come back to find you have trouble good , we go I have to go back to waiting for her to come to me I need something I have seen pictures of her previous work time feeding your ah , I have to go out and immediately back we have to go do not come I can , and you watched mother of you should be aware of those who have just bar Do not you want to explain to explain why ? you will not know I am now , and they are not the same as the how can it ? you would say to my hands ? you 'd better to give himself up I will , so I do all the things of maybe I will consider your suggestion Hey , what are you then do ? Mom , they are not good Goodbye Hey , are you ? where are you ? well , I know I 'll come Hello , I am I know you in this is a good they ran away do not you do not want to told me that the truth ? this is your final result If you are not the words of surrender how do you no helping hand I 'm in this wait do you still play ? you go you go nuts ? Let her go you the traitor I will kill you how do you think we should do ? I have not thought of good , and so I think good I will tell you good housekeeping at home , waiting for me to come back I know , you take care of yourself you must be a specified time Gaoding I 'll be in the past What is it ? my invention help me check where do they go ? wait for the next resort to give me the girl would like to do what ? she used to be but now is not you come to die get rid of her listen to me , I am not the murderer you hurt this tube you have something I can help you why should I believe you and go against the conquest is not a good end so Jizou do ? I grasp you go back and prove my innocence that depends on the ability of the just do not know you do not have this ability we are the same as I know you , you know I but not the same as you and I I like you so ruthless can start with on their own people I Xiabu Qu hand you told me to go back which is 10 million you let me go , this is yours Where are you what are you doing ? close your mouth you have no power to control where I go it , you fucking asshole you have to think clearly do not do it it is not people go shut up this is my job you just come with me you have to try to cope with the I Geiwo Gun Open give me no do not force me to do you even think about anything today , get This is my you must stop it you have only 10 minutes walking - brisk walking - you repent too late do not move walk away which has already begun quick , brisk walking do not hate me not tell you sorry the basement explosion , fire played a on-site at least 30 casualties there are no confirmed acts is not a terrorist organization only know that the police hunt for suspects in the time shootout happened at present the police have not yet officially announced but can confirm is that a suspect had been lying down this is reporter at the scene reported What is it ? is prepared for me to do ? do not blame me that you that knife is very dangerous , you should pay attention to Thank you for your interest nothing , which I should be done I do ? a good rest it hurt ? thank you But I can not repay you where you learn martial arts ? is a family with me to learn - thank you - What ? without you , I still wanted we can not say This is mainly the responsibility of our police good , you have a good rest bar and so on if I was convicted , you still came for me ? it also depends on the situation if , as in this case , I will come well , your kung fu is not bad oh the next time a good time next time I will not be lenient in you have to an intravenous drip of remember that our convention you say that our teacher was not the same person ? help me check where do they go ? wait for the next resort to give me the girl would like to do what ? she used to be but now is not you come to die get rid of her listen to me , I am not the murderer you hurt this tube you have something I can help you why should I believe you and go against the conquest is not a good end so Jizou do ? I grasp you go back and prove my innocence that depends on the ability of the just do not know you do not have this ability we are the same as I know you , you know I but not the same as you and I I like you so ruthless can start with on their own people I Xiabu Qu hand you told me to go back which is 10 million you let me go , this is yours Where are you what are you doing ? close your mouth you have no power to control where I go it , you fucking asshole you have to think clearly do not do it it is not people go shut up this is my job you just come with me you have to try to cope with the I Geiwo Gun Open give me no do not force me to do you even think about anything today , get This is my you must stop it you have only 10 minutes walking - brisk walking - you repent too late do not move walk away which has already begun quick , brisk walking do not hate me not tell you sorry the basement explosion , fire played a on-site at least 30 casualties there are no confirmed acts is not a terrorist organization only know that the police hunt for suspects in the time shootout happened at present the police have not yet officially announced but can confirm is that a suspect had been lying down this is reporter at the scene reported What is it ? is prepared for me to do ? do not blame me that you that knife is very dangerous , you should pay attention to Thank you for your interest nothing , which I should be done I do ? a good rest it hurt ? thank you But I can not repay you where you learn martial arts ? is a family with me to learn - thank you - What ? without you , I still wanted we can not say This is mainly the responsibility of our police
