 Man : Previously on helix ... Late last night , a military listening post received A distress call from a private research base . The call denoted a possible retroviral outbreak . The third infected patient is peter . Who 's peter ? My brother . That 's his ex-wife . He never talks about her or his brother . That 's probably because he caught her and his brother in bed together . This is doctor hiroshi hatake , director of research . Peter , do you know what happened to you ? ( grunting ) This morning he was terminally ill , now he 's ripping out of restraints ? The narvik-b subjects became highly aggressive , agitated . The people who designed this virus want to change us , From the inside out . ( gasps ) It 's too dangerous . We have to go . Alan , i can 't . She 's infected . She has the virus . Don 't worry , julia . We 'll have you back on your feet in no time . ( screaming ) Why are your eyes silver ? Eternal life . 500 immortals run the ilaria corporation . God , this migraine , it 's killing me ! It 's not a migraine . Ilaria wanted a virus and a cure . You engineered an apocalypse virus ! We can save everyone , we can get peter back . Woman : I think it 's working ! My dear girl , you 're pregnant . The virus and the cure , they 're yours now . You have no idea what you 've put me through . You 've been loyal to us . No ! Don 't hurt her ! I 've everything i need right here , virus , cure , and hatake 's spawn . You found julia ? I think so . ( speaking in french ) ( banging ) ( glass shattering ) Woman : Leave me alone ! ( woman screaming desperately ) ( screaming ) ( banging ) ( screaming ) ( man screaming ) ( panting ) ( indistinct screaming ) ( woman screaming ) ( mna screaming indistinctly ) ( hyperventilating ) Make it stop ! Make it stop ! Make it stop ! ( screaming desperately ) ( theme music playing ) ( do you know the way to san jose by dionne warwick playing ) ♪ do you know the way to san jose ♪ i 've been away so long ♪ i may go wrong and lose my way ♪ do you know the way to san jose ♪ i 'm going back to find ♪ ( recorder beeping ) 0900 hours , weather calm . Arrived at st . Germain island from the southeast . No apparent flares or signal fires . Contact is not at the rendezvous site . All signs point to the pandemic originating on this island . There are no other options , i must find a cure . I 'll head inland , take a look around . ( recorder beeping ) Do you know the way to san jose ? What ? Do you know the way to san jose ? ( creaking ) ( inhaling through device ) This what it was like When you came for me at arctic biosystems ? They 'd cleaned up most of the mess by the time we got there . No , not the mess . This ... Feeling . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Yeah , you do . This is just the beginning . Man : ( on radio ) cdc 1 , this is manitou . Sit rep ? This is cal . Uh , this is cdc 1 . What was that ? We 're asking for a sit rep , doctor sommer ... Situation report , remember ? Oh ... Sorry , uh , dr . Jordan and dr . Farragut are still inside the boat . I 'm up on top . Whatever killed these people was ... Fast and aggressive . Any indication this is a narvik virus ? Just tell the captain we don 't know what the hell happened yet , But it 's not narvik . You check further down there . Meet up top in 10 . Yeah ... ( engine whirring ) I 've got one dead in the engine room . Peter : All right , keep your eyes open . For what ? This place is a tomb . Gotta make sure we got ' em all accounted for . We 'll check against the manifest . Copy that . Two more in the galley . Same symptoms as the others . Ugh . You got something ? These two killed each other . What makes you see that ? I 'm seeing stab marks , Both holding weapons ... Maybe some kind of psychotic ... ( screaming ) sarah : Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Just calm down ! Leave me alone ! ( clanging ) please , i am a doctor ! Leave me alone , you freak ! ( syringe hissing ) Kyle : Are you okay ? What did you give her ? 20 cc midazolam . Are you okay ? Why did you do that ? Midazolam can mask any antibodies She would have had to become immune to whatever 's going on here . You 're welcome . I 'm sorry , okay ? But immunity in a situation like this is more than just a clue . It 's everything . When did the passengers start getting sick ? Uh ... About two ... No , three days ago . Right after we got back from the island . What island ? I don 't know , it was a side-trip , It wasn 't even in the brochure . We just moored offshore And hiked around and went swimming . We spent the day there , then we set sail that night . Anyone report feeling strange when they got back ? Not at first , But then on the third day , The screaming started . I just ... I hid in the engine room , and i tried to stay quiet . But i could hear them killing each other . Every time i thought it was over , I would hear another scream . Ugh ... I was afraid to fall asleep . I started having these ... These waking nightmares ... And so then when you came in wearing that suit , I didn 't know if you were real , Or if you were just , like , a ... Cdc 1 , this is manitou . Sit rep . Means they 're asking for a situation report . I have done this before . Peter : Field autopsies show a consistent pattern . The pathogen overloaded the body 's immune response , Primarily attacking the digestive system . It 's highly unlikely it 's airborne . Means we can get out of those biohazard suits . And you 're sure it 's not the narvik virus ? The most likely scenario is Some sort of infection contracted from the island they visited . Our survivor referred to it as saint ... Something . St. Germain . It 's about 12 nautical miles northwest of here , Just over the horizon . We need to go there . My orders were to investigate a possible narvik outbreak . Captain , we have 27 people dead On board that boat . Our assessment is done and our mission is complete . We still need to get to st . Germain . My orders In this situation are to leave A tracking buoy on site and take your team back to seattle . Then i 'm declaring a national health threat . Jesus ... Peter , hold on ! Coastguard regulations give me the authority To conduct an on-site inspection If i have cause to believe there is a biological threat To any nearby population center . Seattle is less than 20 hours away . I 'm ordering you to take us to that ... You don 't give orders on this ship , doctor . I 'm sorry , wrong choice of words . Bridge , this is the captain . Plot a course to st . Germain island . Get under way when ready , make turns for 30 knots . Aye , aye , captain . ( sighs ) Let 's be clear on what 's going to happen . Legally , i can 't go ashore . Nor can i wait around for you , since i 'm under orders To take your field samples back for lab analysis , So you 'll be on your own . This is , the back end of nowhere . So sat phone and radio service will be extremely limited . There 's no landing strip on the island , And it 's well beyond chopper range . Watch your step . Here you go . So you 'll have to wait until another ship can be dispatched to pick you up , Figure ( sighs ) two weeks . ( julia panting ) Hey , where are you taking me ? Hey , put me down ! Put me down ! Help ! ( screaming ) What do you want from me ? Come on , put me down ! ( screaming ) Thanks again for doing this . I know you 'd probably rather be in a bunk on Your way back to seattle right now . I figured i should do something . Yeah ... And you 're the only person we have here Who 's been here before , so ... We need to know Where you and the passengers went , What you ate , drank , Where you went swimming . I don 't know how much i 'll remember . Look , anything at all would be helpful . You brought a gun ? I 'm from texas . We don 't go to the bathroom without a gun . Okay . Mind if i ask you a personal question ? Yes , very much . ( chuckles ) i did save your life . So that entitles you to pry into my personal life ? Yeah , that 's right . Okay . You think alan farragut really blew up that building in paris ? What the hell kind of a question is that ? People say you knew him . Really well , in fact . Yeah , i thought i did . ( insects buzzing ) Leila : I ... I think we came this way . Peter : Do you remember seeing or hearing anything unusual ? What about the running water ? I 'm not sure . Kyle : Do we have any idea where we 're going ? We 've been walking around for a while . Sarah : I 'm not sure . Why are you whispering ? I don 't know , it just feels right to whisper , don 't you think ? Really ? You 're doing this now ? Can you just focus on the task ... ( shrieking ) god , what the hell is that ? Dwarf cottontail . Pretty common at this latitude . ( flies buzzing ) Although they usually come with eyes . Bring the rabbit . Sarah : So , there are animals here ... I just don 't hear anything . Peter : Take samples of soil , Water , plants ... ( voices fading out ) ( muffled ) ( gasping ) no ! Leila , wait ! Leila ! Leila ! Kyle : Leila , stop ! Sarah : Leila ! Come back ! ( panting ) Leila ! Kyle : Look out , look out ! ( grunting ) Look , i don 't know who you are , But i 'm not here to harm you . My name is julia . If you would just hear me out ... Do you know the way to san jose ? Leila ! ( groaning ) ( screaming from outside ) ( grunting in exertion ) ( screaming ) Somebody help me ! This is going to hurt . Oh , really ? Gee , you 're good ! Doctors really are the worst patients . ( groaning ) here we go ... Good . ( panting ) ( choking ) ( retching ) Oh , my god ! Sorry , swallowed my gum . ( mutters ) oh , my god ... Not too bad ... Nasty-looking , though . It 's going to leave a scar . Only if you do a shitty job sewing it up . But i got the shakes , doc ! ( sarah wincing ) Sorry , but infection 's your biggest worry here . Thank , but i don 't think that 's going to be an issue . Right , you 're a germ commando now ... Ever since that thing at arctic biosystems . What thing ? I heard you and your team went all navy seal . Burned the place to the ground to contain the outbreak . Yeah , something like that . I 've been dying to ask you about it Ever since i recognized you back in seattle . You ... You recognized me ? Yeah , you 're quite the celebrity now at the cdc . Jumping into every crisis imaginable . That 's why they call you " hot zone " . They call me what ? Now , does the pointy end go down or up ? Never mind , i 'll figure it out . Kyle , you are such an ass ... ( yells ) Pointy end goes down , i knew it ! Come on you know you 're going to tell me eventually . I haven 't seen alan farragut in a year , okay ? I don 't know where he is Or what he 's doing , and frankly , i don 't care . Peter : You okay ? Yeah , i 'm fine , i ... I fell into this animal trap . ( sighs ) That 's a punji trap . And it 's not used to catch rabbits , it 's used to catch humans . See ? I did see someone . Maybe . Yeah ? What did you see , exactly ? Well , i 'm not sure , But i thought i saw a woman in the brush And i guess i , i ... You panicked . If there is someone else on this island , They may have eaten the same thing That killed the people on that boat , Which makes it all the more important That we find out what it is and isolate it , So we can treat them before it 's too late . Leila , i want you to take us to where you folks ate . That 's the most likely place Someone might have started sampling the local fauna ... ( voice fading out ) ( muffled ) leila ... Can you hear me ... ( inaudible ) There 's ... There 's something over there . ( insects chirping ) Peter : I don 't see anyone . At the ... At the base of the tree . It 's smiling at me . I don 't think you need to be afraid . It 's all going to be okay . No , i see it too . Okay ... Wait here . Peter : It 's human . Adult . Probably female . And she 's not alone . ( woman screaming ) Leila ? ( twigs snapping ) Leila ! ( grunting ) Do you know the way to san jose ? I ... I don 't understand . Do you know the way to san jose ? You mean from here ? Do you know the way to san jose ? Yes ! No , what the hell do you want me to say ? Okay , okay , okay . Yes , i know the way ! No , no , i know the way ! Yes , i know the way ! No ! Kyle : Leila ! Sarah : Leila ! Here more blood . That 's ... Probably 20 feet from the last drops ? Relatively large drops Major blood vessel , most likely . Not arterial ? She can 't be that far ahead of us . It 's going to be dark soon . Where the hell can she be ? I 've got a good guess . No ! ( struggling ) no . Texas . Please don 't ! No ! Stop , stop ! Please don 't ! Please don 't ! ( cans rattling ) Ugh ! No , no , no ! Please don 't , no ! I knew one day you 'd come . Sarah : We should really split up to look for leila . We can cover more ground if we 're searching independently . Really , hot zone ? How much ground do you think you 're going to cover with that foot ? You know my foot 's going to be fine , right ? Don 't try to pull that shit with me . You 're going to deny what i 'm capable of ? Immunity from infection and an extraordinary recovery system Hasn 't made you special , sarah . Just reckless . It 's a gift , peter . Kyle : Here we go . More blood lot more . This is more of a pool than individual droplets . Looks like she was held here for a while . If she 's losing blood at this rate , she 's going to bleed out soon . Dr. Sommer , are you hurt ? What ? Your arm . Oh , i don 't think so . Oh , my god ! Sarah : Oh , my god ... Kyle : Turn off your lights . What ? Just do it ! Peter : What 's going on ? Look out in the trees . See ? How many rounds you got in that gun , texas ? Not nearly enough . Woman : Please , come outside . I promise you won 't be harmed . Well ? It 's either that , or go out like butch and sundance . What the hell does that mean ? What ... You 've never seen butch cassidy and the sundance kid ? What kind of american are you ? Grab your things , let 's go . I 'm dr . Peter farragut , With the us centers for disease control . My name is ann . You should know you 're trespassing on private property . There 's a dead woman inside . She was murdered by someone on this island . I 'm sorry . Was she a friend ? Yeah . There 's no need to lie . All right , then , we just met her . How 's that ? You need to come with us . Why ? Because the island is dangerous And we can offer you shelter . What about leila 's body ? We need a fine autopsy . There 's no time . What are you afraid of ? We can explain everything at the compound . Now please , come with us . ( inhaling slowly ) okay . Let 's start over . You know my name ... ( groaning ) what do i call you ? Caleb . All right . Caleb . Can i get some water ? You 're going to have to help me with that . I didn 't come here to hurt you or anyone else . You 've heard of the new outbreak back on the mainland , The one they 're calling txm-7 ? We have reason to believe the txm-7 pandemic began here , on this island . There 's no one sick here . Maybe not now , but 30 years ago , A chain of events was set in motion right here . I may be able to find a cure , but i need answers . Since when are your kind interested in mortal problems ? Since we started dying , too . Bullshit . Left shoulder . Take a look . I 'm dying . Peter : We didn 't mean to trespass , but this is an emergency situation . We 're talking about an extremely virulent pathogen . Coastguard food was terrible . Beans in the chili ? I mean , that 's just wrong ! I 'm not accusing anyone of anything , But leila was murdered , that much is clear . No . Never seen that many bodies in one place before . We need unrestricted access to your facility and personnel . I 'm afraid we can 't allow that . Our membership has cut all ties with the outside world . Come on , now you 're talking to us . Doesn 't hurt , does it ? This is a sanctuary . The people who joined us , They 're , trying to get away from people like you . Sister amy . Are we really that bad ? You remind them of things they left behind , And many of those are painful . You 're doctors , i 'm sure you don 't want to cause pain . Peter : No , we don 't . And please believe me when i tell you That we have nothing but the utmost respect for your beliefs . You 're lying again . I don 't believe i caught your name , ma 'am . You weren 't introduced . ( door opening ) ( door slamming ) I know you want to protect us . I can assure you we don 't need your protection . Brother michael provides for the safety of our physical As well as spiritual lives . And who 's brother michael ? He 's a man , just like you . No more or less . I 'd like to speak with him . You don 't speak to michael . He speaks to you . And when does that happen ? Why , right now , dr . Farragut . Drs. Farragut , sommer , and jordan , right ? I 'm michael . Welcome . Allow me to return your credentials . I 'm very glad ann found you before too long . This island is quite dangerous outside these walls , Home to two subspecies of black bear and the labrador wolf . That 's why we keep the perimeter electrified . Something more dangerous than wolves and bears out there . Someone killed our friend . Friend ? Please , sit . Our ... Acquaintance . I suppose you might find the distinction trivial , but ... We believe words have truth in them . We believe that they have meaning . Acquaintances , friends , family , lovers , Those are definitions , not labels . Uh , but here i am , counseling you . And you 're not here for that , are you ? No , but we are here to find a truth as well . A medical truth , but a truth nonetheless . So i gather . Kyle : Oh , yeah ? You listen in on our little conversation with the ladies ? I love to eavesdrop . It 's a terrible habit , i know . I picked it up from my mother , who was notorious For hanging about keyholes . I 'm afraid i couldn 't help myself . Sarah : Well , speaking of help , You may want to ask your people to stop eating the food . How 's that ? The victims on the ship , they ingested something on this island . We don 't know that for sure , But your food and water supply may be contaminated By a toxic metabolite . We 've been growing and eating our own food here for years with no ill effects . Nonetheless , i would strongly urge you to Refrain from eating or drinking anything until we can run some tests . I accept your concern , And the spirit of generosity with which i know you offer it . There 's still the matter of who killed leila , Our acquaintance . Any ideas ? I told you , it 's dangerous outside . Yeah , but we think it was More of a two-legged danger . Probably more than one . Are there any other people on this island of yours ? I 'll have ann prepare rooms for you . Sleep in peace , all of you , as our guests . We 'll talk in the morning . What the hell was that ? That was the head of a cult . Keep your voice down . I 've got a feeling he 's not the only one Who likes to eavesdrop around here . What do we do ? We get some sleep . And tomorrow we figure out what the hell we 've stumbled into . ( door opening ) Thank you . For what ? Not killing me . That smells good . Tastes good , too . I 'm looking for someone . I wonder if you could help me . Nuh-uh . Point me in the right direction ? I 'm looking for a man named alan farragut . What , you know him ? Is he here on the island ? He 's here . Can you take me to him ? Please , i ... I have to see him . I can . But you may not like what you find . ( mouthing ) ( knocking on door ) ( door opening ) Thank you . ( woman screaming ) ( woman sobbing ) ( gagging ) ( groaning ) ( gagging ) ( choking ) ( theme music playing )
