 I 'm Peggy Carter . I work for the SSR , America 's premiere covert intelligence agency . But now that the war is over , my mission parameters these days are ... Agent Carter , cover the phones . Different . That all changed when an old friend asked me to become a double agent . I have a vault . Somebody cleaned me out . A couple of weeks later , my inventions ... They start turning up on the black market . He left me with an ally . Edwin Jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . As of this moment , Howard Stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . What did the lab rats say ? They think it 's some kind of long-range transmitter . How long ? Moscow-long ? You can 't reveal that you found these items . They 'll only use it to tear you down . Call it in . We got the Stark stuff . Ease up on that , will you ? I don 't want to end up inside out . We 're getting promotions out of this . Watch where you 're going . Krzeminski would still be with us today if it wasn 't for Howard Stark , whether he pulled the trigger or not . We 're only neck-deep in this mess because of him . You 'll get your package when we get our money . You think the deal 's gonna go sour ? Not with you , me , and Jimmy standing guard . One-grand bills ? You ever even see these ? I can assure you that is legal tender , and far easier to transport than 50,000 singles . We 'd believe you if we saw an extra 100 of them . That was not the agreed-upon amount . Mr. Mink does not smuggle goods into this country - for free , Mr. Jarvis . - Now , the inherent value of any commodity or service should really have no effect ... You were saying ? Whoever 's in there ... $ 50,000 American ... That was our understanding . $ 50,000 was for the delivery . The extra $ 100,000 's for us to keep our traps shut . And I got three guys outside that agree with me . Come out , or I 'm coming in . Who 's in there ? We 'll see if he can connect when he gets out of the minors . What 's that ? Is that Jimmy ? Now , I-I-I 'm sorry , but I-I-I can 't agree to such ... Pardon my language ... Extortion . It 's not " extrorshing . " This is a shakedown . You could hand me the money , or he could hand me the money . Very well . I have a further $ 50,000 in here . It 's all I have . Take it or leave it . Count it . Sorry , you 're counting the ransom in front of me ? Our boss is a very precise man . Your manners never cease to disappoint . You drive a hard bargain , Mr. Jarvis . Hopefully our package is intact . Ah , my favorite foreigners . Did Mr. Mink have his minions blackmail you ? Indeed , sir . You certainly know how to pick your partners . Well , Mr. Mink is a greedy , black-market smuggler , sure , but he got me back into the country , and he 's predictable in his greed . I like predictable , and I like greedy . And I was so close to running the table . So , how are you two getting along ? Peggy tried Anna 's goulash ? Peggy , Jarvis know you can do 107 one-armed pushups ? Howard , you came back to New York City risking notice from every American intelligence agency . - Hmm . - Why ? Let 's get back to my place . We 'll have some Sherry . - I 'll explain everything . - Stop the car . The residence is only a block away . What 's the matter ? See that man waiting for the bus ? That 's Agent Yauch . You see that Sedan parked by the fire hydrant ? That is Agent Henry . Make a left . That was my least-known property . A dummy corporation holds the lease . And another dummy corporation owns that company . The only people who know about that penthouse besides me and Jarvis are Lana Turner , Jane Russell ... You do realize that my work colleague Ray Krzeminski was killed while you were out gallivanting ? I was not gallivanting . The SSR blames you , and they 're out for blood . We must assume they 're about to uncover all of your residences , your bank accounts , your corporations . So perhaps turning up unexpectedly was not your best plan . So , where can I hide ? God , help me . Take a right up ahead . Ah . The Griffith . How 's Miriam ? Get in . What ? I hate small spaces . What if the chain snaps and I fall to my death ? Don 't worry . I 'll never reveal that Howard Stark 's dead body is lying rotting in the bottom of a dumbwaiter shaft . What if I suffocate ? If Miriam finds us , we 'll be much more comfortable in an electric chair . Just for the record , I d ... Miss Carter , of all the women in this establishment , you are the one for whom I am the most worried . Oh , what a dismaying sentiment . Well , the hours you keep seem less that of a woman gainfully employed as a telephone operator and more that of one who frequents taxi dance halls . Uh , I was just doing my laundry . Do you know how many intruders I have caught inside that very dumbwaiter , attempting to soil the honor of some young lady ? I am certain that many a woman owes her virtue to your watchful eye . There are always the rebellious . Alice Shaw once showed up with her sister , whom I immediately recognized as a man in a girdle . Oh . Allow me to show you to your room . Well ... We 'll walk together . You 've been working all night on the Stark case ? I got something on our dead Russians . We just got this ... Official report on the battle of Finow . Great . Only thing missing are words . Good , old U.S. Army Intelligence for you . Redacted by General John McGinnis . As luck would have it , he died a month ago . What did the lab rats say about your magic typewriter ? They 're claiming it sends signals back and forth . To where , we don 't know yet . Maybe it 's time we send a message to our enemies . I got another way of talking to our enemies . What do you mean ? Our intelligence indicates the Russians were overrun by a Nazi regiment at the battle of Finow , led by this man , Colonel Ernst Mueller . He 's due to be executed in two days for murder , extermination , enslavement , deportation . If I leave now , I might just make it in time . You 're going all the way to Germany ? What 's some Nazi gonna tell us about Howard Stark ? I got two Russians who both reportedly died in Finow only to show up alive here , looking for Stark 's gizmos . Nobody , including our own government , wants to talk about what really happened in Finow . Chief , you 're really gonna rely on the word of a Nazi ? Son , I 'd let goering give me a hickey if he 'd get me to the bottom of this . Till I get back , you 're in charge . Good luck , chief . Thank you , chief . Time and again , I have caught women sneaking men inside this sacred space . Every woman was ejected at once . Are you familiar with the id and the ego ? Are they children 's characters ? Mm , good . It is unbecoming for a lady to read Freud . But what you must understand is that , until a certain age , you do not know how to govern your own impulses . And that leaves me to defend young women from compulsions . Understood . Miss Carter ? Hmm ? Your laundry ? Good night , Miss Fry . It 's nearly 6 : 00 A.M. , Miss Carter . Howard ! Yes ? You just woke me . Not to worry . This is my cousin Peggy . Peggy , Lorraine . Don 't you think your cousin looks just like Howard Stark ? My cousin is a lot shorter . And much better-looking . Come on , Peg . We got family business to discuss . See ya . I 'll order up some sausage , eggs , couple of Bloody Marys . There 's no room service , Howard . I 'm getting dressed and going to work . So say what you have to say , and it better include when you 're leaving my apartment . I 'm bound for Rio in three days . Before I depart , I need to know which of my inventions you 've recovered . Why ? Well , if I know what the SSR has obtained , I can determine how many are still on the black market . But why are you here ? Why isn 't Jarvis the one asking me ? 'Cause Jarvis doesn 't have one of these . A camera-pen ? " A camera-pen ? " I was expecting a little more enthusiasm . Any idea how long it took me to figure out lens miniaturization ? You don 't have to get changed with the door closed . I thought we were friends . Gather ' round . Come on . Okay , who here knows what Ray Krzeminski 's middle name was ? Walter . That 's right . Walter . Ray Walter Krzeminski . And who knows what the most important part of Agent Ray Walter krzeminski 's name was ? Hmm ? W-Walter ? No . " Agent . " Just like all of us . Now , Chief Dooley 's gone to break a lead in the Stark case . And while he 's gone , I 'm in charge . And while I 'm in charge , none of you will be resting . So pick up your phones , make kissy noises to your wives , 'cause we 're not going home until we start cracking heads . And if you get tired , remember how important your names are ... Agents . Now , form a single-file up to my office , and I 'll give you your individual assignments . Come on . Not eager to see what job Commandant Thompson has in store for you ? You mean the lunch order ? Where are you headed ? The anonymous call that led to the Stark weapons ... I 'm gonna see if I can pull a print off the phone that rang it in . It was a public phone . The only thing you 'll pull is a bacterial infection . Hey , Sousa , where do you think you 're going ? To do some real police work , o ' man of action . Hey , Sousa , you know , now that Krzeminski 's dead , that makes you our biggest yo-yo . Marge , start taking the lunch orders . - Mr. Doobin . - Aah ! Aah ! Ah , Miss Carter . That was embarrassing . If you 'd like to get the lunch orders started , I should be able to pick up all the meals for the lab by noon . How goes the research on the Stark inventions ? Aah ! Ohh ! Whoa . I got it ! I got it ! Ah , it 's been a bit of a challenge . Do you see this switch ? E-every time that I-I push this switch , I get a shock that runs right up my arm and into my skull . But do you see any other switch ? I do not . Do you remember that , uh , I used to wear glasses ? Of course . - It melted the glasses right off of my face . - Hmm . Now , is that the intended purpose ? - Uh , I don 't know . - Hmm . But Howard Stark is either an ignoramus or a genius . Most likely both . Hmm . I 'll raise you a nickel . You gonna bet , or what ? A nickel ? ! Here you go . Come on . Got you . Afternoon , fellas . Hey , you want in on the action ? Ante 's a nickel . No , sir . I just want to ask you a couple questions . Either of you hear the commotion down by the wharf the other night by the boat called The Heartbreak ? Depends . You got a nickel ? Thanks . Didn 't see a thing . I camp down on 14th Street . Frank , here , though ... You been here what ? About a month , right ? Keep your money . I don 't play games with po-lice . Frank , I just want to know what you saw . Were you the one who called in the tip ? You called in a tip to the cops ? I just said I ain 't got no business with johnny law . There must be some kind of ... Well , I win this hand , I guess . I said $ 150,000 . Mr. Mink , we were hoodwinked . Jarvis ... he didn 't come by himself . He brought a girl . A-and five guys . O-or six . Yeah , s-six or seven guys . They ... they beat the snot out of us , and there was nothing we could do . That ... that 's the truth , Mr. Mink . You are lying . Mr. Mink , I swear I 'm telling you the truth ! What was the woman 's name ? I heard Stark call her " Peggy . " I swear , if I could just follow the butler , I 'll f ... I 'll find her , the money , and Stark . The time for money has passed . No one crosses me . Wait . You want them dead ? I 'll kill Stark and Peggy . No , I 'll take care of it . Howard , I have the ... Howard ! Oh , for God 's sake ! Where are you now ? ! You 're back . Good . Uh , you know Helen ? Helen , my cousin Peggy . You are disgusting . Hey , look , Agent Sousa found Howard Stark . We can all rest now ! - Hey ! - Great job . No wonder we couldn 't find him . He looks rough . What are you doing , Sousa ? He may have seen something at the wharf before we arrived . The only thing that that man has seen is the bottom of a bottle . Great job . She seems ... uninhibited . The first 10 or so might not be suitable for your eyes . Your inventions . Who is that ? Peggy ! Communal dining 's one of the joys of residing at the Griffith . Peggy , are you in there ? - Sounds nice . - Uh , stay away . Uh , actually , Angie , I 'm feeling a little under the weather . No , Peggy , you should go . I worry about you . You work too much . I 'll look through the rest of the photos myself . - Peg , are you sure ? You need Pepto ? - Coming . Hey , bring me back some ham , would you ? Preferably roasted . And some bread . And potatoes ... mashed . Y-you know what I like . Surprise me . So , I walk into this diner . This isn 't a joke . I walk into this diner , and everybody starts clapping . And I look around at first , confused , and then I realize , oh , they 're clapping for me , in my dress uniform , 'cause I ... served and came back alive , like you . You and me ain 't nothing alike . So , I pretended to curtsy ... Played it off as a joke , and then I 'm working on my meal . I look up . I see another G.I. walk in . So , I put down my fork , put down my knife , get ready to clap ... And nobody else does a thing . Silence . That 's when I realized they weren 't clapping for me . They were clapping for this and this ... Clapping because I make them feel guilty , and they want to feel good . You think because I 'm wearing a suit and I got a clean shave , we 're different ? We 're not . We 're both people nobody cares about . No one clapped when I came home . One guy was sleeping with my wife . Another took my job at the mill . We all got sad stories . I still don 't talk to cops , even pathetic ones . I 'd clap , but I don 't want to hurt your feelings . Send him packing , and start looking for Stark like everybody else . I 'm telling you , he 's a witness . Dooley went all the way to Nuremberg to interview a Nazi , and I 've got you clamoring over a bum you found down the street . Think about it . If he didn 't see something , he 'd say so . He saw something . These rolls keep for three days , four if it 's cold and you put them out on the windowsill . Oh , uh , glad to hear it . Um , I don 't often steal food . Are you kidding ? Carol once fit a whole chicken down her sweater . My mom knit a special chicken pocket . Gloria 's got a compartment in her pocketbook that can fit a cup of gravy . Well , would you look at that ? Uh , I 'm going to eat in my room . I have the last five pages of the new Agatha Christie . Good night . Could you make me one of those that holds pickles ? All of my inventions are in your lab . Then why is your mustache so sad ? I need you to steal one of them back . Every one of these inventions from my vault can cause large-scale destruction . Thankfully , they 're not all active , but this one ... This one is . What does it do ? London was antsy about Germany dropping bombs on her , so I created the Blitzkrieg Button . You press the button , and you get an instant city-wide blackout . The bombers can 't see where to unload . So , essentially , it 's a glorified light switch ? - Hmm . - What 's the problem ? I couldn 't figure out how to turn the lights back on . They went out because the electrical grids were destroyed . If that thing is activated in New York , the whole tri-state area will be plunged into the dark ages for years to come . Nothing 's ever easy . How do I defuse it ? Well , that 's the whole reason I 'm here . I 'm the only one that can turn it off . I thought you were here because of a camera-pen . This is a mockup . You swap that round with the real thing , no one will be the wiser . I 'll figure out a way of telling the technicians what the button does without having them touch it . Since when has the U.S. Military ever had a weapon that they didn 't use ? Don 't let anyone touch it . I 'm already considered a traitor , Peggy . Don 't let me be the guy who shut down the greatest city on the planet . Ready for another adventure , Mr. Jarvis ? You understand I do not care about whatever petty crimes you may have committed . Sorry. don 't mind me . Just here for the dinner show . I just want to know what you saw . Thompson . Mmm . - Thompson . - Ah , that 's good scotch . Thompson . Thompson , what are you doing ? Smells good . You see that ? All-American cow . Thompson , that 's enough . Smells good . Mmm . Mm-hmm . Mmm . Okay , Thompson , that 's enough . - It tastes even better . - Agent , you should leave ! I 'll tell you what . You tell us what you saw at the boatyard ... This is all yours . There was a guy , duds all fancy . He was with a woman . They got on and off the boat before police showed up . Was it this woman ? No . She had dark hair . What else ? That 's all . It was far away . I hid when the cops came . Mm-hmm . Mmm . Not everybody came back from the war wanting a hug . Sir ? They are measuring me for my new necktie . Please excuse the gallows humor . Colonel Mueller , can we sit ? May I offer you some water ? Do you know these men ? These are Germans ? Russians . They 're said to have died in the battle of Finow . You familiar with that battle ? I was in Finow . What can you tell me ? You tell me what happened in the battle of Finow ... I 'll help you escape . Park around the corner . When I get the real Blitzkrieg Button out , - drive us back to the Griffith . - With my heaviest foot . There 's just the single switch on it , right ? Yes , correct . Are you all right , Mr. Jarvis ? I 'm ... simply nervous on your account , Miss Carter . Howard came back to New York for this one invention , right ? It was a risk he knew he had to take . You don 't think he 's planning on using the device himself to wipe out a city 's electricity , do you ? Of course not . At least the Blitzkrieg Button isn 't like nitramene . I mean , well , if I was to accidentally activate it , no one would get hurt . Just bring the device back as fast as you can , Miss Carter , and then we can all stop worrying . Your man , General Wilhelm Keitel , you ... you know he was hanged yesterday ? 25 minutes . That 's how long it took for him to die . Swinging on the rope , gagging ... Horrible way to go . See , they don 't realize that you have to measure the condemned 's weight as well as the height . Otherwise ... Cyanide . You get a painless death , and nobody gets the satisfaction of watching you hang . Now , tell me what happened in the battle of Finow . There was no battle of Finow . Because you Nazis ambushed the Russians at night . No German fought any Russian at Finow . What we found can only be described as a massacre ... Bodies piled high and ripped apart . Whoever attacked them was long gone . Yeah , I 'm having trouble stomaching your story . I 've killed many people ... Men , women , and children . No person died by German hands at Finow . I 'm gonna need a phone . Breath mint ? Wasted our time and Dooley 's scotch . You have a good nose , agent . You sniffed out a witness everyone overlooked . Yeah , who saw a well-dressed man and a dark-haired woman . Cracked the case wide open . Now we know Howard Stark likes to hang out with women . Something you learn in war ... Not every battle you win is a notch on your belt . The way I hear you fought , I 'm surprised there 's any belt left to notch . Just doing what needed to be done . Didn 't we all ? Hey , Sousa , where did you get that lead ? Russia ? Italy ? My femur , actually . There 's just the single switch on it , right ? Yes , correct . Are you all right , Mr. Jarvis ? Just bring the device back as fast as you can , Miss Carter . Marge ... Didn 't I say only the men have to work overtime ? I didn 't mean to interrupt you enjoying the rewards of your promotion . Why do you work here ? To uphold democracy . Did you need a reminder ? But the rest of us get to do more than take lunch orders . You 'll never know the thrill of learning whether or not Agent Yauch is in the mood for a club sandwich . Hmm . You 're trying to hide something , Peggy . And the only one you 're fooling is you . And what 's that , Agent Thompson ? The natural order of the universe . You 're a woman . No man will ever consider you an equal . It 's sad , but it doesn 't make it any less true . I can always come to you for the truth . Good night . You get it ? What 's in the vial ? What vial ? What is in the vial ? You opened it . You know how , uh , dangerous that could be ? What 's in the vial , Howard ? Okay , you 're angry . I 'm not angry . I 'm just curious . What 's in the vial ? You know . We both know . I don 't . Tell me . Steve Rogers ' blood . I have some flowers for Peggy . May I deliver them to her ? You may not . Give them here . Are you the delivery man or her suitor ? I love her . Young man , please tell me ... Your name and profession . Ah . Can 't say I 'm surprised . You used me . You lied to me . - You hit me ! - You don 't get to use my reaction to your lies - as the reason for your lies . - Y-yeah , I do . I knew how much Steve meant to you , because I know how much he means to me . I was protecting you . Oh , don 't pretend this is about me and my emotions . - You were out to protect you . - Yeah , I didn 't want to see this turmoil - that you 're in . Look at you . - I trusted you , Howard ! Yeah , I know , and I was wrong . But you have to understand , a kid like me doesn 't get to where I 'm at by doing ... What ? Wanted for treason ? I grew up on the lower east side . My father sold fruit . My mother sewed shirtwaists for a factory . Let me tell you , you don 't get to climb the American ladder without picking up some bad habits on the way . There 's a ceiling for certain types of people based on how much money your parents have , your social class , your religion , your sex . And the only way to break through that ceiling sometimes is to lie , so that 's my natural instinct ... to lie . I shouldn 't have lied to you . For that , trust me , I am truly sorry . Why did you have Steve 's blood in the first place ? I was one of the lead scientists on project rebirth . 11 vials went to the government , 1 vial went to me . Does the SSR know they have the vial ? Why shouldn 't they have it ? The government 's almost through their supply . If they know they have mine , they 'll never give it back , even if you clear my name . That still doesn 't mean that you deserve to have Steve 's blood . You know , I believe that sample SR-53 , that blood , Captain America 's blood , holds the key to vaccines , medications , possibly even a cure for the common cold . Steve Rogers may not still be with us , but he can still save millions of people . And how many millions of dollars are you set to make ? What the hell do you think of me ? I think you 're a man out for his own gain no matter who you 're charging . You are constantly finding holes to slither your way into in the hope of finding loose change , only to cry when you 're bitten by another snake . You 're a man who says , " I love you , " whilst looking over a woman 's shoulder into the mirror . Steve Rogers dedicated his mind , his body , his life to the SSR and to this country , not to your bank account . I made the same pledge , but I 'm not as good as Steve was . I forgot my pledge running around for you like a corporate spy . So thank you , Howard , for reminding me who Steve was and what I aspire to be . For all I know , you did steal your inventions . Peggy ... I need some fresh air to get away from your stink . When I 'm back , you 'll be gone . Where to ? I 'll get caught . You 're the genius . You figure it out . Well , hey , mister , are you lost ? Young woman , return to your room . Are ... are you looking for Peggy ? Return to your room , please . Is that pistol an automatic ? I want that . Taxi ! Did you know ? I truly regret the way this matter was handled . I 'll take that as a " yes . " Don 't ever play poker . You rub your ear when you lie . Mr. Stark respects you , Miss Carter , as do I. Is there anyone else alive who holds you in such high esteem ? I can trust the actions of men who don 't respect me more than those who do . At least when they ask for something , they mean it . You took her for granted . You can get her back . Over the last five years , I thought I 'd built up a callus apologizing for you . But this stings . Hey . Could I borrow the sports section ? Thank you . Goering a good kisser ? That 's actually kind of funny , Thompson . Yeah . So , how 's your Nazi colonel ? Uh , about this time , he should be 2 inches taller . Did you find out about Finow ? Mueller said there were Russian bodies everywhere , ripped to pieces . Question is , who killed them ? These guys ? No , two couldn 't kill hundreds . And why were they listed among the dead ? Unless they assumed the identities of men who actually died there . I 've got a new wrinkle for your forehead . Log at the Finow airfield . One day after our supposed battle , a plane lands . Guess who 's on it ? I don 't know . Bob Hope ? Howard Stark . Pour some scotch . Make it a double . We got ourselves a conspiracy . Dottie , are you coming to dinner ? I 'll meet you downstairs in a jiffy !
