 Carter : I 'm Peggy Carter . [ Elevator bell dings ] I work for the SSR , America 's premiere covert intelligence agency . [ Alarm buzzing ] But now that the war is over , my mission parameters these days are ... Agent Carter , cover the phones . Different . That all changed when an old friend asked me to become a double agent . Howard : I have a vault . Somebody cleaned me out . A couple of weeks later , my inventions ... They start turning up on the black market . He left me with an ally . Edwin Jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . As of this moment , Howard Stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . [ Both grunting ] Who did this to you ? You wouldn 't believe me if I told you . Who is Leviathan ? It 's a covert Russian organization . Rumors had it , after the war , their group wanted to purchase weapons to fight the allies . Dugan : Doc , need a ride home ? The SSR could use your help fighting Leviathan . I 'll do anything I can . Forgot my compass . Would you grab that for me , pal ? - Oh , bloody Nora ! - Whoa , Nelly ! - Uh ... - [ Clears throat ] Is there anything else , Daniel ? Uh ... Fyodor : My most heartfelt congratulations . You have all been selected to join Leviathan . This is indeed a great honor for you . Soon , you will know the glory of devoting your life to a greater good . Before we continue , if there are any among you who wish to decline this opportunity , the time to speak is now . I have a wife . I have four daughters . They need me . You wish to decline , then ? If I may , sir . You would like to be with your family . Very good . Relieve him of his bonds . [ Chokes ] His family ... All of them ... will be joining him shortly . Are there any others who wish to reunite with their loved ones ? You , perhaps . That was when I learned ... Monsters are real , and there is none more terrifying than Leviathan . Here I thought it was just something they told the apple knockers to scare them . How long has Leviathan been active ? Since after the Great War . Stalin 's goal is for Russia to become a leading power in the world , which means having better weapons than our enemies and our allies . Leviathan has been very successful ... Mechanical , biological ... Human ? Is that what that young girl was , a human weapon ? My knowledge of specific operations is sadly restricted to only what I was told . That building seemed to house a training facility ... Shackles on the beds , classrooms ... Training young girls to be what , assassins ? Seems like the Russians would want to train grown men . Women are often overlooked , taken for granted . They can slip easily through a man 's defenses . How many girls were there ? - Again , I was not allowed ... - Do you think the girls could have been deployed here , to America ? I wish I could be of more assistance , Agent Carter ... Who could be of more assistance , Dr. Ivchenko ? Agent Carter ... A word . Chief Dooley , I really must insist you allow me to continue to ... Carter , could you just zip it for a minute ? Geez . Look , your work in Russia was admirable , but this is still my operation . And I need to hear everything he has to say about Leviathan . And as callous as it sounds , I don 't really care about some little girl ... Well , you should , because that little girl , I believe , grew up to kill Agent Krzeminski . Where did you come up with that theory ? Ballistics identified the firearm that killed Krzeminski to be a Korovin TK , a Russian gun . So ? Not only that , it 's small ... Small enough to be more suitable for a woman 's grip . Ah . That 's thin . It 's also the most plausible explanation of how Howard Stark got involved with this in the first place . [ Scoffs ] He is a notorious womanizer . The story of the vault break-in can only ring true if he were manipulated by a well-trained female operative . You know what ? This is so much bigger than your buddy Howard Stark . - I can ... - Yes , it is . And now , after everything you know , do you really think that he 's involved with Leviathan ? All right . Chase it . - S-sir ? - You got a hunch . See if you 're right . Would you look at that . You really can keep your mouth shut when you try . Now get the hell out of here . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . " When I look back on it , it seems to me " as if I have been living here like a poor woman ... " Just from hand to mouth . " I have existed merely to perform tricks for you , Torvald . " But you would have it so . " You and papa have committed a great sin against me . It is your fault that I have made nothing of my life . " Bravo , Angie . Oh . [ Chuckles ] Thanks , Esther . [ Indistinct conversations ] Your new key . I had to practically sign over my firstborn to Miriam to get this for you . Thank you . I can 't imagine where I dropped mine . Angie , that was wonderful . Ugh . Tell that to the producers . They said it was the worst audition they 'd ever seen . You ordering ? No , I 'm waiting for a friend . Angie , you can 't just let one audition get you down . How about seven ? Oh , I 'm sorry , but things will look up . I 've been telling myself that for a year . Time to take the hint ... The floodlights are calling , but not for me . My father signed me up for secretary school . I start next week . Oh , Angie , no . You belong onstage . If that were true , I 'd be there already . We 'll talk about this when I get home tonight . Nothing to say . I 'll let you and your friend talk . [ Soft music plays ] [ Bell rings ] I must say , I was very pleased to receive your call . Can I assume you 're back on the team ? I don 't believe we ever were on the same team , so no . We are still , however , working towards a common goal . Fair enough . It may interest you to know that your superior paid me a visit . - Chief Dooley ? - Yes . It seems there may be a change in the prevailing winds within the SSR . Leviathan has certainly sparked their interest , but Howard isn 't out of the woods just yet . What did Dooley want ? Information on a battle in the German town of Finow . I didn 't say anything at the time , but Mr. Stark did visit Finow in 1944 . He returned ... distressed and soon after began construction on his vault . What did Howard have to say about it ? I 've tried getting messages to him . However , he 's been difficult to reach . Mm . Interesting , but that can wait . Russia has been training young women to be undercover operatives , and we both know that Howard 's major weakness is ... Women . And raspberry truffles . I need you to get me a list of all the women that Howard has ... entertained in the last year . [ Scoffs ] I 'm not sure there 's enough ink in the whole of New York to complete that request . Fine . Just in the last six months , then . - Is that possible ? - Oh , yes . Yes , I suggest we start with the western hemisphere . Oh , please . [ Indistinct conversations ] - You here for the interview . - That 's me . Come on in . I was about to give up on seeing any more girls . Are you closed ? Oh , I gave the rest of the staff a long weekend . I like to spend extra time with the applicants , give them my full attention . [ Chuckles ] Bring yourself this way and , uh , we 'll get started . [ Buzzer ] [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Buzzer ] Hey , Sheldon . You look great . How they treating you in here ? Warm cot ? Three squares ? Been stabbed yet ? What the hell do you want ? Just a little trip down memory lane . When we arrested you , you said some lady beat you up , cuffed you to a chair . Yeah , yeah . Hey , why don 't we , uh ... Why don 't we keep that under our hats , okay ? Think you could identify her ? Maybe . Maybe not . What are you gonna do for me ? Six months . Probably get it knocked down to three if you behave yourself . - That 's it ? - Let me remind you you were arrested for transporting an explosive that could level all of New York . This is a one-time offer . We got a deal ? Yeah , we got a deal . Oh , yeah . That 's her . You sure ? Yeah , I 'm ... I 'm sure . Take another look . Look . She came to the house that night . She was looking for Brannis . She left with him and the truck full of nitramene . She 's a cute broad ... When she 's not punching me in the face . Who is she ? Not who I thought she was . Albert : We call it the Stark special , custom-designed to his exact specifications . Are you saying Howard Stark buys a bracelet - for every women he 's ... - Oh , no . Yes . He considers it a parting gift to commemorate their time together . Mr. Stark demands only the highest quality diamonds , the highest karat of gold . Any girl would be lucky to wear such a fine piece . Would you like to try it on ? Oh , thank you very much . I-if we could just see the list , we 'll be on our way . Anything for friends of Mr. Stark . [ Clears throat ] Oh , it 's shorter than I thought it would be . How could he possibly meet this many women ? Well , the Academy Awards is a very busy time . What are you doing ? A large portion of the women on this list are well-known actresses , models , and socialites , publicly established for several years . They can be disregarded . Well , I wouldn 't dismiss her . You think Ginger Rogers is a Russian assassin ? You should have seen her eyes when I escorted her from Mr. Stark 's villa . The darkest gates to the abyss . I get girl after girl in here , and for what ? They 're just waiting for their future husbands to come walking through that door complaining about a cavity . [ Chuckles ] [ Chuckles ] I 'm looking for someone with ambition , someone who 's , um , willing to go the extra mile . So tell me , Dottie , are you that someone ? Aah ! Aah ! Ow ! Aah ! Help ! I 'm being ... Never used one of these before . [ Whirring ] Open wide . [ Screaming ] [ Jackhammering ] Into the breach ! Aren 't you coming ? I thought I might sit this one out , actually . I need you to positively identify these women . Stop dawdling and come along . [ Sighs ] I-it 's just that with Mr. Stark 's tendency to , um ... Prematurely evacuate ? When ... when he ends a relationship , he prefers to do so by proxy , and that proxy is me . Ugh . Sufficed to say , these encounters could be disagreeable . We 're not having dinner with these women . I just need to see their wrists . You 're looking for the bracelet ? Not quite ... the girl in Russia had scars on her wrists from being cuffed to the bed . If my theory is correct , our spy will have those same scars . Surely you could devise a way to see these women 's wrists without involving me . Maybe , but it would be more complicated and less fun . Come along , Mr. Jarvis . [ Buddy Banks ' " Name It Claim It " plays ] Oh . No , I haven 't seen Howard Stark , and I don 't want to . He 's a no-good , dirty , lowdown ... Snake , as if he could buy me off with a trinket . I 'm not that kind of girl . If I did that , if any girl did that , you know what people would call her ? A floozy , that 's what . He should be shamed . He should be judged , and so should you for helping him . Tell him if I ever see him just scatting about town , I 'm gonna ... Show him the business end of this ! [ Gasps ] ♪ you can name it ♪ - ♪ Baby , you can claim it ♪ - No . - ♪ You can name it ♪ - Ohh ! ♪ Baby , you can claim it ♪ [ Grunts ] ♪ you can name it ♪ [ Grunts ] [ Gasps ] ♪ Baby , you can claim it ♪ [ Whimpers ] ♪ Claim it ♪ [ Groans ] Well , Mr. Stark would seem to have an unfortunate attraction to violent women . I imagine they were far less violent before they met him . Ida Emke is next . Yes , a dancer he met at a charity auction , I believe . Hmm . No , maybe the caterer . [ Scoffs ] His variety is staggering . According to this , she 's close-by . Perfect . Perfect . [ Clears throat ] So there 's nothing you can tell me about these ? Please forgive me . I was not engineer . I was merely psychiatrist . Do you know where Leviathan got them ? From where governments usually get secrets , I imagine ... They stole them . Let 's take a break . How about a drink ? Thank you . How about two ? Ay-yi . [ Sighs ] [ Coughs ] Ah , Nostrovia . Ahh . [ Sighs ] You 're having some troubles at home ? What are you talking about ? Mm , the blanket and the pillow and the toothbrush , razor ... Nature of the job . You got to be prepared for some late nights . - But ... You have framed photo ... - Mm-hmm . Facedown on the credenza , while the photo of your charming children is displayed with pride . I can only assume that slighted photo is of your wife . And if I had to guess , I would say that you do not spend much time in your own bed . I apologize . [ Stammers ] I have gone too far . I am a fool . Don 't worry about it . There 's just so much water under the bridge between me and Loretta , I wouldn 't even know where to begin . Is that Empire State Building ? No , that 's over on 5th . Huh . There are so many tall buildings here , yes ? Go ahead . Open the window . Wow . The buildings stretch out forever . Careful . Don 't fall out . You know , this city is unlike anything I have ever seen before . And you are telling me there is one building taller than all of these ? Tell you what . Soon as this is all over , I 'll see about getting you a personal tour . Hell , I 'll even take you myself . 103 stories . You guys get " King Kong " over in Russia ? Of course . [ Chuckles ] [ Grunts , chuckles ] Fay Wray ... Oh , I had a thing for her . _ _ _ Carter : Miss Emke ? No one home . What a shame . Shall we ? Uh , keep an eye on the hallway . Knock if there 's danger . Hello . I 'm the ... exterminator . Somebody saw a roach . I have to catch these things before they get out of hand . Shouldn 't your ... shouldn 't your mother be somewhere nearby ? I-I ... [ Chuckling ] I think I hear her calling you . Please go away . Who were you talking to ? A future mafioso . Did you find anything useful ? Ida 's long gone . The room 's completely empty , but she 's definitely our girl . - Oh . How can you tell ? - Uh , scratches on the bedposts . Remember , the Russian girls were handcuffed to the beds from a very young age . Are you suggesting she 's still doing it ? That must be a very hard habit to break . - That is immensely disturbing . - I 'll knock on a few doors , see if any of the neighbors know where Ida may have gone . In the meantime , see if you can track down the owners of the building . They may have a paper trail on her . Meet me back at the automat , and let 's move fast . We 're close . I can feel it . He was 4-F . I 'm off risking my neck , serving my country , she cheats on me with some jerk from Hoboken . You feel that it was more than a betrayal . Overseas , you rose to high-ranking officer and proved yourself again and again . Here , she is just showing you your inadequacies . I am not inadequate . A plumber with flat feet ... That 's inadequate . That background check you asked for . Thanks , " Yowch . " It 's actually " Yawk . " You waiting for a tip or something ? The chief 's been in there a real long time with that Russian guy . Well , that Russian guy happens to be a huge lead in our case against Stark , agent . Chief is just taking extra time to make sure he gets everything right . You have a problem with that ? I 'm just saying , it 's different from how he usually handles things . And I 'm just saying don 't worry about what Dooley 's doing . Okay ? Now , why don 't you go brew a pot of coffee ? Saw it was getting low . Okay . I lost my wife and children to Leviathan . I 'm sorry . I do not say this for your pity but only to show you that you have lost nothing . It is too late for me to save my family . It is not too late for you to save yours . Yeah , and how am I supposed to work that miracle ? You cannot in your current frame of mind . You must focus on the good times ... When you and your wife were in love and happy . That 's supposed to help ? Yes . Just focus ... On her smile ... On her laugh ... Everything that you love about her . Focus . [ Knock on door ] Chief , I got something for you . I 'm in the middle of something , Sousa . Can it wait ? No . It can 't . - Here you go , ladies . - ♪ Yes , it 's a good day for singing a song ♪ - Good here ? Yeah ? Mm-hmm ? - Uh-huh . ♪ And it 's a good day for moving along ♪ ♪ Yes , it 's a good day ♪ ♪ How could anything be wrong ? ♪ Any luck ? Miss Emke paid on time , always in cash , and left no forwarding address . I hope you were more successful . Unfortunately , no ... she was the perfect New York neighbor . No one saw or spoke to her . Half the people I talked to didn 't even know the apartment was rented . So what next ? ♪ It 's a good day from morning till night ♪ Miss Carter ? Quiet . Procedure 791 ... Isolate the suspect and remove civilians from harm before attempting arrest . I 'm sorry . What 's happening ? The man at the counter is Agent Messner from Washington , D.C. The man behind me is Agent Reese . SSR agents ? I need you to find a way to block the front door so that no one else can come in . - I 'll do the rest . - I 'd love to . Oh . 10 cents for a cup of coffee , if you can believe it . [ Chuckles ] [ Grunts ] Man : Get her ! ♪ Yes , it 's a good day for singing a song ♪ Hold it right there ! ♪ And it 's a good day for moving along ♪ ♪ Yes , it 's a good day ♪ ♪ How could anything be wrong ? ♪ ♪ A good day from morning till night ♪ - I can 't hold it forever ! - ♪ and it 's a good day for shining your shoes ♪ ♪ And it 's a good day for losing the blues ♪ ♪ Everything to gain and nothing to lose ♪ That way , Miss Carter ! ♪ A good day from morning till night ♪ [ Indistinct shouting ] ♪ A good day from morning till night ♪ Thompson : Stop . ♪ A good day from morning till night ♪ Right there , Carter . No sudden movements . Ah . Those idiots from D.C. didn 't believe me when I said you 'd be hard to grab . What 's happening , Jack ? Witness places you with Brannis the night he died , there 's a photo of you in the club the night Spider Raymond was killed , and here you are with your best friend , Howard Stark 's butler . I-I think there 's been a terrible misunderstanding ... Stuff it . You 've got it all wrong . Then turn yourself in . Come to the office and tell me all about it . You know I can 't do that . Sweetheart ... Look around . You don 't have a choice . I 'm so sorry , Jack . [ Grunts ] The Dublin House , 79th Street ... Meet me there . Meet you there ? Where are you going ? [ Tires squeal ] There 's something I need to get from the Griffith . That 's a horrible idea . It 's the first place they 'll look for you . What could you possibly need ? Steve 's blood . Go ! Margaret Carter , you 're under arrest for treason , espionage , and aiding and abetting public enemy number one , Howard Stark . There 's more to this , Daniel ... More than you can understand . From where I 'm standing , it 's looking pretty cut and dry . You 're not going to shoot me . Peggy ... Don 't run . If you run , I 'll know it 's true . I 'm sorry , Daniel . What do you mean they lost her ? They said she managed to take down the extra men . All of them ? All the men ? You 're telling me one woman took out an entire team of highly trained government agents ? That 's what you 're telling me ? Listen up ! I need agents at New York Municipal , Newark Metropolitan , and Grand Central Station . I want every bus stop , train station , dock , airport , every last trolley wallpapered with pictures of Peggy Carter . She is now a fugitive and will be brought to justice , or else every last one of you will be demoted to grade-school hall monitor . Is that clear ? ! All : Yes , sir ! [ Indistinct conversations ] Doc , sorry ... You can 't be out here right now . Go on . No offense , but now is not the time to be wandering around the office . Everything is all right ? Yeah , everything 's just dandy . I got to go take care of some business concerning one of my agents . Anything you might need , Agent Yauch will take care of , right ? Won 't he ? Yes , of course . Make sure he stays in this room . So , you want coffee or something ? No , thank you . So ... You are new here , agent , to the SSR ? Nope . Chief just trusts me with sensitive matters , like protecting our star witnesses . Ah . You must be very proud . Over the moon . I just don 't understand how you lost her . I couldn 't exactly outrun her , Jack . Besides , you 're not getting a Medal of Valor for your performance . Aah . Unbelievable ... Carter . Did you know ? What the hell do you think , Jack ? No . I mean , I suspected she was hiding something , but not this . - You ? - No . No , I sure didn 't . You said she has a place at the Griffith , right ? On 63rd , near Lex . Well , crutch faster . We got places to be . I got spinach in my teeth or what ? Oh . [ Chuckles ] No , I am simply , uh , observing . It 's ... s-something I do . You are a middle child , are you not ? How do you figure that ? [ Chuckles ] Many years of experience . You are eager to please . You feel you are often ignored , as if you are invisible . You got all that just by looking at me ? You should start up a show with this act . I merely thought I might be of assistance . I will keep my thoughts to myself . Assistance with what ? Well , Chief Dooley , while a good man , is also a very busy man , yes ? Quite difficult to get his attention , prove your worth . I can help you with that . Hey , you got any bright ideas , I 'm all ears . I 'm tired of that squid Thompson pulling all the good cases . This is because he is confident . I-I 'm confident . You can be . But first , we must focus ... on everything you must do to show Chief Dooley the best agent he has ever seen . Simply focus . [ Indistinct conversations ] What apartment is Peggy Carter in ? Officer , if I gave every girl 's information out to every Tom , Dick , and Gary who came in here ... What are you doing ? Get out of there . That 's confidential . She 's in 3E . Let 's go . What ? Men are not allowed above the lobby . It 's a safety issue . I want your badge numbers and the name of your immediate supervisor ! Ma 'am , step back . [ Indistinct shouting ] There , boys . Right around the corner . [ Exhales sharply ] [ Gasps ] Search everywhere , bag everything . - It all comes with us . - [ Gasps ] Oh ! My wall ! I knew she was trouble the minute I laid eyes on her . Those girls from the telephone company are all the same . [ Scoffs ] She 's here somewhere . I know it . Okay . But where ? [ Horns honking in distance ] [ Gasps ] [ Breathes deeply ] Oh , God . Peggy ? What on earth are you doing ? [ Knock on door ] Thompson : Miss Martinelli ! Federal agents ! We have some questions for you . They 're here for me . [ Gasps ] [ Knocking on door ] Miss Martinelli , open up ! Oh . You don 't look like Federal agents . We 're with the strategic scientific reserve . Well , I 'm with the Queens County 4H . Now take it down the hall . Miriam : I suggest you take them seriously , Miss Martinelli . Miss carte is not . She has defaced the very walls of this institution . Mother Hen here says you 're friends with Peggy Carter . Yeah , we 're friendly . She ever tell you about her work ? At the phone company ? Just the usual stuff . Complained about her fathead male co-workers a lot . She keep weird hours , stay out late , bring guys over ? Of course not . Curfew 's at 10 : 00 . - No guys above the lobby . - Hear , hear . When was the last time you saw her ? A little bit ago . She was on her way out , said she wasn 't gonna be around for a while . Did she say anything else , like where she was going ? No . She didn 't say . Uh , but ... I think it had something to do with her sick grandmother . [ Crying ] Oh , gee . Um ... Please , don 't ... do that . It 's just that her grandmother is doing poorly . And whenever I think about it , it makes me think of my nanna , who 's so supportive of my acting career . I perform for her , and she says , " you belong onstage , Angel , " even though I 'm lmng hand to mouth . And I just ... [ Crying ] [ Clears throat ] Please stop . Could you do something here ? Oh , actors wear their emotions close to the surface . I could no more stop her than I could Laurence Olmer . [ Sniffling ] What 's your grandmother 's name ? Gam-gam . Just ... Uh , we should go , talk to some more of the neighbors . Come on , Thompson . There , there . [ Clears throat ] [ Sniffles ] Well , I hope you 're happy , making my tenants cry . And to think , my taxes pay for your incompetence . Take Miss Fry to her office . Keep her there . Now wait ... Just a minute ! For your own safety ! My gut says Peggy 's close . All right , then let 's find her . Come here . I want the entire building canvassed . If Carter 's here , by God , we 're gonna find her . [ Clears throat ] [ Sighs ] Angie , you 're amazing . I knew you didn 't work at the phone company . [ Horn honks ] Now , the weapons that belonged to Howard Stark ... Where might I find them ? Here , in the lab . They took all the Stark tech in there and locked it up tight . The eggheads were working on it . Good . Can you take me there ? Focus . Can you take me to the lab ? Sorry . I-I can 't . Dooley found out Carter was a spy for Stark , and he put everything on lockdown . The only person allowed anywhere near the lab is the chief . Hmm . Can you show me the exits on the map , please ? I may need to leave quickly . Here ... And here are your best bets . Thank you . Now I need your complete focus . Do I have that ? Yes , sir . Good . What I need you to do is leave this room , retrieve your belongings , like you would for the end of your shift . I need you to go to your favorite bar . Order a bourbon ... Only the best . Top-shelf . Savor that bourbon . Enjoy it . And when you have finished , I need you to step outside and do one more thing . [ Tires screech ] Just got off the phone with my brother . He 's gonna drop a car off at the Dublin House for you . Should at least get you out of town for a while . Thank you , Angie . I also told my father to stuff secretary school . I belong on Broadway . After the performance I just saw , there 's no way you should be doing anything else . You 're an amazing actress . You 're not so bad yourself . Well ... I look forward to hearing what this is about someday . Someday . Take care of yourself . You , too , English . [ Door closes ] Peggy ? Oh , Gosh , Peggy , you 're a sight for sore eyes . You know , there 's a bunch of scary men here looking for you ? Hi , Dottie . Sorry . I was just actually on my way out . Oh , well , sure , yeah . Will I see you at dinner tonight ? N-not tonight . I 've made other arrangements . Oh , okay . Well , in that case , you have a great night , Peg . Oh . Oh . You 're ... wearing my brand . Hey ! Is that Peggy Carter ? ! Sousa : Miss , for your own safety , stand back ! Oh , Gosh , mister , can you help ? I think my friend Peggy must have fainted . - Careful . - Can you help ? She 's out . What happened ? Oh , I don 't know . I just found her like this . Jack , a little help ? Sit her up . [ Moans ] [ Grunts ] She 's unconscious . Do we really need those ? Trust me . We need them . Oh , Gosh , I hope she 's okay . Should I call an ambulance ? Thank you , miss . We 'll take care of it from here . [ Exhales heavily ] Grab her pocketbook . Come on , Carter . Let 's go . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Clears throat ] [ Car door closes ] [ Sighs ] [ Elevator bell dings ] [ Indistinct conversations ] I can explain everything . All of it . [ Sighs ] Hey , Dot , Miriam wants everyone downstairs . I don 't got all night , Iowa . Let 's go . Hey , Dot , you here ? [ Handcuffs click ] Sit . This isn 't necessary . Thompson : You put three SSR agents in the hospital today , so , yeah , it 's necessary . Don 't go easy on her ... Let 's get started .
