 Carter : I 'm Peggy Carter . [ Elevator bell dings ] I work for the SSR , America 's premiere covert intelligence agency . [ Alarm buzzing ] But now that the war is over , my mission parameters these days are ... Agent Carter , cover the phones . Different . That all changed when an old friend asked me to become a double agent . Howard : I have a vault . Somebody cleaned me out . A couple of weeks later , my inventions ... They start turning up on the black market . He left me with an ally . Edwin Jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . As of this moment , Howard Stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . Dooley : You 're telling me one woman took out an entire team of highly trained government agents ? - Stop . - You know I can 't do that . You don 't have a choice . [ Grunts ] Where are you going ? There 's something I need to get from the Griffith . What could you possibly need ? Steve 's blood . Monsters are real , and there is none more terrifying than leviathan . You 're ... wearing my brand . Is that Peggy Carter ? ! Oh , gosh , mister , can you help ? Let 's get started . [ Bombs whistling , exploding in distance ] Dr. Fennhoff . Dr. Fennhoff , I need you in surgery . I-I-I don 't understand . The nurses , they tell me of your talent . Uh , they say you can numb a man 's mind , make him feel no pain . I have never attempted my technique during an operation . Believe me , I would not come to you if I had any other option . We have more wounded than supplies . We have used all of our anaesthetic . Devil take me . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Groaning ] Infection has taken hold of Private Ovechkin 's leg . He will die unless we amputate . Tell me now , doctor . Can you help me save this boy 's life ? [ Groaning ] Take me to your life before the war . Ovechkin : On the day before I left , we had a picnic . I played chess with my mother . It is better to play outside , I think . I drew the game out . [ Piece moves ] I tried to make it last forever . Surgeon : Nurse , hold the skin back . - Clean this area . - Nurse : Da . Pay no attention to them , Private Ovechkin . Focus on the game . Focus on your mother . You may stay in this day for as long as you want . But you must focus . Ovechkin : She surrendered the game . She said I could not stop time . [ Chuckles ] We walked . I tried to make her laugh . I spoke of the future , what we would do when I came home . That is good , Private Ovechkin . [ Indistinct conversations ] Sousa : You 're awfully quiet . I wouldn 't want to talk either , if I was in your shoes . We have photos of you at Spider Raymond 's club , a witness placing you in a truck full of nitramene , another witness who says you were at the boat where Stark hid all of his toys . Then there 's the dead bodies . Spider Raymond , Leet Brannis , Ray Krzeminski . You honestly think I killed agent Krzeminski ? I mourned him with the rest of you . Yeah , I attended that performance . You 're unbelievable . That 's rich . That 's rich , coming from you . I had your back for six months , while you were waiting to plant a knife in mine . What ? You want to pretend we 're still friends ? We 're pals ? You want to talk ? Talk about this . [ Thud ] This is all very impressive , Agent Sousa . You 've assembled a solid bit of evidence here . And I understand that you never get the chance to run this far with the ball , so you 're making the most of your opportunity . But you are wasting precious time . There is a trained killer out there , and she 's a small player in a bigger scheme . Someone else is pulling her strings . [ Chuckles ] She is incredible . You confront her with a wall of evidence , and she scales that wall . This woman is an excellent liar . [ Chuckles ] Pathological , I would say . My brain is melting . I 'm getting some coffee . Chief , we just got a call . There 's been an accident . Agent Yauch is dead . What ? Yauch ? How ? He was hit by a truck . Good lord . The cops are saying he 'd come from a bar . I only knew him briefly , but he seemed like good man , if a little emotional . What 's he doing here ? I-I was asked to sit in , in case Agent Carter began speaking of Leviathan . You don 't have to explain yourself , doctor . You got a problem with this , Agent Thompson ? No , sir . Unorthodox , is all . I should go back to your office . - That 's not necessary . - No . You ... you men have enough to deal with . And I do not wish to be source of agitation . Anyway , I do not think she will be saying anything of relevance . Take him back , then warm up . I 'm gonna put you back in there for the full press . We need to turn up the heat . I 'm confused . I 'm sick . I 'm impressed . You 're good , Carter . Holy cow , you are good . I got a dozen guys in there wish they could play the game half as well as you . I 'm not playing a game . I never was . Tell that to Krzeminski ! You know , if you want to hit me , now 's your chance . I don 't want to do that , Carter . Something 's not right here . I saw what you did in Russia . What you did for that mission , what you did for me ? You saved my life . This doesn 't add up . That 's because I had nothing to do with Krzeminski 's death or the theft of Howard Stark 's inventions . " Theft " ? Wow . He 's really got you wrapped around his finger , doesn 't he ? I got to give it to him . - He 's as good as they say . - " As good as they say " ? He got in so deep , he scrambled your brain . Howard Stark has never scrambled my mind or any other part of me . Thompson : Come off it , Carter . There is no harm in admitting that he and you have a thing going on ... or had . Because from the look of it , Stark 's hung you out to dry . Listen to me . You need to make a deal . Stark is the one we want . Just tell us about him . Save yourself . The only thing I could possibly tell you about him is he is not the man you want . But the SSR is myopic when it comes to Howard Stark , which is why I have been conducting my own investigation . That 's not entirely true . Before Sousa sniffed you out , we were starting to explore other avenues . Then by all means , let 's stroll down another avenue . What would you like to discuss ? Give us something . Anything . Tell me what you know about this . What ? You don 't want to explain this ? Fine . [ Thud ] Let 's go a little further in the past . I want to talk about the battle of Finow . Very well , but you 'll be the one that 's doing all the talking , because I saw no action in Finow . That worked out good for you . Because most of the people that served there are dead , except for a few of your Russian buddies . You think you know me , but I 've never been more than what each of you has created . To you , I 'm the stray kitten , left on your doorstep to be protected . The secretary turned damsel in distress . The girl on the pedestal , transformed into some daft whore . You 're behaving like children . What 's worse ... What 's far worse ... Is that this is just shoddy police work . You were inches away from the woman that you want when you loaded me into your car . You should be looking for Dottie Underwood , who by now , I assume , has shed her alias . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Soft music plays ] Excuse me ? I 'd like to buy this carriage . Fine choice . That 's the one I 'd buy for myself . - Hmm . - Would you like me to wrap it up ? No , thank you . It 's not a gift . It 's for me . Oh , well , congratulations ! Thank you . You 'll want a blanket with that , right ? Of course . Pink or blue ? Let 's go with pink . You must be getting a jump on things . You don 't look like you could be very far along . Hmm . It 's coming sooner than you 'd think . That deal I offered ? It 's now off the table . That 's fine . I wasn 't going to take it . Any minute , Dooley 's gonna pull me out of here and ask me to do something to you that I don 't want to do . Peggy , you 've watched me on the other side of that glass . You know what I am capable of . And you know what I 'm capable of . Number , please . [ Elevator bell dings ] [ All talking ] One moment . 2704 Hillhurst is busy . I 'll call you when the line is free . [ Ringing ] Jarvis : Pardon me . Uh ... sir . Can I help you ? Yes . I 'm looking for Chief Dooley . I 'm sorry . I-I don 't know who that is . Ah . He runs this operation . The SSR , that is . I 've been here before for questioning . Sir , I-I wish that I could help you , but we 're very busy , and only authorized personnel are allowed in here . Could you just punch him up on your board and tell him that Edwin Jarvis is here ... With the signed confession of Howard Stark . [ Talking stops ] [ Ringing continues ] Hold , please . It 's all there . I can answer any questions you may have . Agent Carter , are you all right ? Have they harmed you ? She 's fine . Now you 've seen her . Can we get down to brass tacks ? What is this man doing here ? Pulling your fat out of the fryer , apparently . I 'm afraid the charade is over , Agent Carter . Mr. Stark has decided to come clean . What 's that ? Her boyfriend 's confession . He owns up to everything ... Jobbing his own vault , selling explosives , the roxxon implosion . Where 's the man himself ? Uh ... Somewhere over Greenland , scheduled to land in Teterboro at approximately 9 : 00 P.M. this evening . His attorneys have the signature page . It 'll be sent back to you as soon as you 've agreed to his terms and Agent Carter and myself are free . Do I have a say in this matter ? You 've had plenty of chances to talk . - So , do we have a deal ? - Not quite . [ Telephone rings in distance ] As tempting as this arrangement is , I 'm not stupid . Even if this is true , why would I give up Carter or you for a piece of paper ? Uh , a signed piece of paper . No , she 's staying here . So are you . I want the signature page delivered . When Stark lands , we bring him here , have a garbage exchange ... That 's the deal . It would appear so . And for the record , I find you repulsive . Take off the cuffs . Howard can 't do this . I 'll never clear his name if he turns up ... You 're not clearing anybody . You 're done . I don 't think you 've understood our compromise regarding Agent Carter . Oh , she 's free from prosecution . When Stark walks into the building , she walks out , for good . Carter , you 're out of the SSR . [ Indistinct conversations ] Don 't let her out of your sight . Didn 't take you long to clean out your desk . [ Sighs ] Your personal belongings ? Two notebooks and a file . This one belongs to the Agency , actually . I am truly sorry about all of this . When you didn 't meet me , I knew * * * and I panicked . And I suppose the confession portrays me as what ? A patsy ? A Doe-eyed idiot succumbed to the charms of America 's mustachioed Casanova ? That is the gist , yes ... With a bankruptcy side plot sprinkled on top to provide a motive for Mr. Stark 's deeds . Nice flourish . I hope you 'll forgive me one day . There 's nothing to forgive . You panicked and called for backup . It wasn 't your line , and you were trying to help me . And Howard stepping up to this confession ... I wouldn 't have thought he had the nobility in him . Yes ... About that confession ... Did Howard write that confession , Mr. Jarvis ? He did not . Did you ... write that confession , Mr. Jarvis ? I did . Oh , flipping hell ! I called for help many times . Mr. Stark never answered . I-I left countless messages ... nothing . So then I panicked and panicked again and put my own particular skills to use ... Oh , for the love of God , man ! As I said , panic was involved . I thought it would buy us time . We were closing in on the real culprit . I hoped that with a few more hours , we would be able to prove Mr. Stark 's innocence and your competence . And when Howard doesn 't land in Teterboro , we shall both disappear . - Disappear ? - Until our trials , most likely followed by a decidedly severe punishment . Have you ever been hanged , Mr. Jarvis ? I can 't say that I have , no . It is quite unpleasant . I know you 're mad at me , and maybe I got that coming . [ Horn honks in distance ] But I think if we 're being honest with each other , this mess was a long time in the making . I 'm not blaming you . Not anymore . I buried myself deep in this job the day that I started . You got to know that I only wanted the best for you . Can I come by and see you and the kids and just talk ? Dinner maybe ? Yeah , yeah . I can sneak out of here for an hour , yeah . I miss you , too . Bye . [ Receiver clicks ] [ Breathes deeply ] That sounded fruitful . It 's a start . How do you feel ? Uh ... I don 't know the word . I owe you . No . You don 't owe me anything . I am happy just to be here to be able to help you . [ Telephones ringing , indistinct conversations ] I 'm sure we could lure one of them in , get the drop on them , steal a weapon and ... " Get the drop on them " ? U 've been in custody all of an hour , and you 're Jimmy Cagney . Report . Is there no one here who will listen to reason ? I believe it 's safe to say I have no friends left at the SSR , not that I ever had any . " Prepare ... " For ... Evacuation . " - You know Morse code ? - Your surprise wounds me . He 's tapping out a timetable . " 90 minutes . " What happens in 90 minutes ? Leviathan is coming . Chief Dooley ? Chief Dooley , I 'd like to make a confession . I already got the confession I need . It 's a fake . Why are you pulling this , Carter ? Howard Stark isn 't coming . The confession is a phoney , the signature a forgery . - Agent Carter ... - It 's Miss Carter . I don 't work here anymore , but if you want a confession , if you want the truth , I 'm ready to give it to you . It killed me . I 'd managed to discover all the remaining items from Howard Stark 's vault , and there was nothing I could do about it . But I knew Agent Sousa was working that day . At least he would get the credit . We left the ship moments before you arrived . I didn 't know what was going to happen to Agent Krzeminski . I could have been more careful . I 'm going to have to live with that . And why are you telling us this now ? Because I need your trust if you 're going to believe me about Dr. Ivchenko . The evil enemy scientist . Yeah , he 's a real killer . You can tell by the way he rubs his nose . I know what I saw . He was communicating in Morse code with someone across the street ... The southeast corner of the building , at least 10 stories or higher . I saw it , too . Well , as long as you saw it , too ... He was discussing some kind of timetable . We have less than 90 minutes before something 's going to happen . We can 't leave him on his own . He 's a good man . He 's done nothing but help us . He has only been here for 48 hours . We don 't know him . Maybe not , but we know you . I 'm supposed to believe that you pulled off your own investigation without any of us noticing ? Sousa : Why would you go through all that trouble instead of coming to one of us ? I conducted my own investigation because no one listens to me . I got away with it because no one looks at me , because unless I have your reports , your coffee , or your lunch , I 'm invisible . Forgive me for not getting all pissy-eyed at your tale of woe , but your track record with the truth hasn 't been all that hot . So if all I 've got to go on is your word ... There is one more thing . You 'll want to be careful with that . Does this stuff implode , explode ... Spice up an old fashioned ? That is the last remaining sample of Captain Steve Rogers ' blood . Mr. Stark was afraid your scientists would squander the remaining samples attempting to re-create the serum . Which they did , so I 'm afraid you 'll have to forgive him for trying to protect the greatest scientific feat of the 20th century . Howard didn 't trust me with it , either . He lied about the contents of the device . He nearly convinced me that I was saving the city by stealing it . Is that why you kept it ... Because he lied ? Maybe at first , or perhaps I didn 't trust our greatest capitalist with such a prize . But I couldn 't bring it here , either . And for that , I don 't have an answer . I suppose I just wanted a second chance at keeping him safe . Sousa : I believe her . Why ? ' Cause she got all soft in there ? How do we know it 's not just an act ? - We 've all seen her chops . - She came clean even though she was halfway out the door with Stark 's confession . If that confession was real , but she 's saying it isn 't . By her own account , Carter would be back in cuffs when Stark didn 't show . She gave up Captain America 's blood . I know that 's big for her . So do you , Jack . Big enough to relight that torch you 're carrying . Hey . I brought her down . Remember ? I think she 's telling the truth . What do you think , chief ? Do you trust her ? No . But I trust Sousa 's gut . Take a couple of men across the street and do a look-see . What about Ivchenko ? I 'll stay here and babysit the doctor . [ Horns honking in distance ] Do you mind closing that ? Is everything okay ? Sure . Just getting chilly in here . [ Chuckles ] Of course . I wanted to have discussion with you . What about ? Your family situation . I want this dinner to be success . I don 't want to talk about that right now . Please . Focus . Focus on the experience you want to have and make that desire a reality . What would be the perfect evening tonight ? We used to have a tradition . We 'd all cook together , even the kids . I 'd roast a chicken ... The one thing I can do in the kitchen . Loretta says it is the crowd pleaser , just to get a laugh out of me . You shouldn 't be by the window . Don 't worry about the window . Focus on what really matters . That bird 's not gonna carve itself , hon . Your wife is beautiful . Your whole family is . I know . It 's nice to see you happy . I want you to enjoy yourself . Celebrate . Because after this , we have something very important to take care of . Corcoran here . Stairwell 's clear . Great . Keep the exits covered . Call it in if you see anything suspicious . [ Elevator bell dings ] Hey , goes for you , too . Play it safe . [ Elevator bell dings ] [ Elevator doors close ] [ Sighs ] You believe Carter ? I do . Yeah , me , too . Look , if she 's right about the girl in her building , you run into her , do yourself a favor ... Start shooting ... to kill . [ Elevator doors open ] - I can handle myself . - Sousa ... I don 't doubt that , but after seeing that kid tear through us in Russia ... I 'd hate to tangle with one that 's all grown-up . [ Elevator bell dings ] - You two , with me , now . - What 's happened ? We can 't talk here . There 's ears everywhere . Have we been compromised ? Did they find something across the street ? [ Gasps ] Stop talking . Carter : Chief Dooley ! Chief Dooley ! [ Muffled ] Chief Dooley , please . Someone help ! I give her five minutes . [ Grunting ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Listen up , gentlemen . There 's been a security breach in this laboratory . Some of you probably know that Agent Carter has betrayed this Agency and , in the process , she managed to walk out of the building with this . God knows what could have happened if we hadn 't recovered it . Best case , we have negligence in dealing with sensitive materials . Worst case , espionage and treason . This lab is shut down until the inquiry is complete . Everyone is to report to holding room " B " ... Chief Dooley , I can vouch for everyone here ... Save it for the interrogation room . Move out now . That was impressive . You have a most commanding presence . Now I want one of Stark 's inventions ... Item 17 . Please focus . Where would it be ? Is that it ? No . This is something I have heard whispers of . [ Chuckles ] No , you must not touch it . It is more delicate than it looks . I am looking for a crate . Item 17 ... here it is . [ Breathes deeply ] Yes . This is what I want . Freeze ! It 's her ! She 's ... She 's coming down the stairs , and she 's coming fast ! [ Telephone ringing in distance ] Thank you so much , Chief Dooley . You have been tremendous help . Now , my package . I feel like I should keep this . [ Chuckles ] Just focus . We don 't have much further to go . Take this . You know what to do . Your family is waiting . You want what you deserve , don 't you ? Of course . [ Elevator bell dings ] Then you must focus . Because our work here is not yet done . Agent down ! We have an agent down ! [ Indistinct conversations ] You 're late . - We 've been compromised . - I know . It 's irrelevant . Shall we proceed to the next phase ? Not yet . It has been in storage for quite some time . We must test it . But they know about us now . They will soon be far too busy to concentrate on us . Please help ! We 're taken hostage in here ! No one 's coming . I know you may be universally despised in this establishment , but they barely know me . Please help ! Mr. Jarvis , how would you feel if we smashed that mirror with this table ? I would feel splendid about it . All right . We pick it up , and then on the count of three ... Battering ram . Ready ? - 1 ... 2 ... - 1 ... 2 ... Wait . What if there are people behind this mirror that we 're breaking ? Then they may get hurt . There will be a spray of glass . I see . - 1 ... 2 ... - 1 ... 2 ... Wait ! What if these hypothetical people behind the mirror have guns ? Then we may get hurt . There will be a spray of bullets . I see . - 1 ... 2 ... - 1 ... 2 ... - 3 ! - 3 ! [ Glass shattering ] No people . Everybody wins . I 've just thought of something . We 're still attached to a table . We are still attached to a table . [ Door opens ] [ Sighs ] What the hell is going on in here ? Where is Chief Dooley ? [ Birds chirping ] Your mother know you 're using tools at her table ? I put newspaper down . Mm . If you scratch the finish , I 'll say a couple Hail Marys for you . All hell 's breaking loose . [ Sighs ] What are you doing here so early ? You said 5 : 00 . What are you up to , Roger ? Nothing . Just had to see you . So you just left ? What happened ? I screwed up , Loretta . We had a guy in custody , and I let him go . Walked out of the building . I just watched . W-what are you gonna do ? I don 't know . I feel like I should be angry , scared ... Something , but I don 't care . I just want to come home . Can I come home ? [ Tapping ] [ Pounding on door ] [ Muffled ] Chief dooley ! Chief ! You okay ? [ Groan ] Oh , my God . Very calmly now , everybody stand clear , please . Miss Carter , stand clear . Mr. Thompson , stand back , please . He 's gone , isn 't he ? What is that ? That is the prototype for a new system of armor . How do we get it off him ? I 'm afraid it 's not that simple . Please don 't touch . It was intended to double as a heat source , for use in the winter months on the European front . Locking the armor ignites a self-sustaining battery . But there 's always a catch to this stuff , isn 't there ? I 'm afraid the energy source is experimental , powerful , and incredibly flawed . It invariably overheats with rather violent results . How violent ? Explosive . Get the scientists . [ Flies buzzing ] _ _ Thompson : How you feeling , chief ? Burning up . He got in my head . He made me steal something from the lab . You can 't let him talk to you . If he starts talking to you , he got you . These clasps ... They 're locked , as I said before . It 's what activates the system . Tampering with them trips a circuit to the battery and speeds up the reaction . What is this thing made out of ? It 's an alloy of Mr. Stark 's creation . Can 't you cut him out of this thing ? I-I don 't think we have the time . Tampering with the circuitry ... - speeds up the reaction . - I got it . Let 's pack him with ice . Perhaps we can cool the core . The armor is designed to be impervious to all outside elements , whether it be artillery or temperature . - Damn you , Howard . - My God , it 's searing his skin . It 's in the final stages . We 're running out of time . - I don 't know what to do . - What does that mean ? It means that ... I don 't know what to do . I know what to do . Here , give me a hand . Give me a hand . [ Grunting ] Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! [ Gasping ] Tell ... Tell my wife ... [ Breathing shakily ] Tell her I 'm sorry I missed dinner . And you ? [ Chuckles weakly ] Promise me you 'll get the son of a bitch who did this . Say it ! We 'll catch them . Attagirl . - Chief ! - Man : Chief ! Chief , don 't ! [ Grunts ] [ Screaming ] [ Glass shattering ] [ Indistinct conversations ] What happened ? They got chief . I did this . Ivchenko brought me to him so that I would bring him to the SSR . This is my fault . No , Miss Carter . This is not your fault . This is Mr. Stark 's bloody inventions . You 're right . Leviathan tasked Leet Brannis to steal something . What was it ? The blood . [ Organ music playing ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Well , that 's just great . Screaming baby during the picture ? Oh , don 't pay any attention to him , dear . [ Coughs ] [ Fanfare plays ] [ Hissing ] [ Coughs ] Dexter , dispose of your litter properly . Dexter : Nah ! Let somebody else pick it up . Dexter , what if everyone threw their litter in the aisle ? [ Crashing ] Hey ! Let me down from here ! L-let me down ! Let me down ! Remember , dispose of ... Do you think it will work ? I have great faith in Mr. Stark 's inventions . [ Breathing deeply ] We need to find out what Ivchenko took . Search every crate . Item 17 . It 's gone . All right . What 's that do ? I have no idea . [ Fanfare plays ] [ Coughing ] [ All coughing ] Enough with the coughing already ! [ Coughing continues ] [ All grunting ] [ Laughter ] [ Screaming ] Circling the block once or twice , I understand . Three times ? Fine . But six times ? When there 's a perfectly good lot across the street . Now we 're gonna miss the start of the picture all because someone didn 't want to pay for parking . [ Sighs ] [ Screaming ]
