 Carter : I 'm Peggy Carter . During the war , I fought side-by-side with Captain America . We defeated the enemy ... Please , don 't do this . We have time . But I lost the love of my life . [ Elevator bell dings ] I work for the SSR , America 's premiere covert intelligence agency . [ Alarm buzzing ] But now that the war is over , my mission parameters these days are ... Agent Carter , cover the phones . Different . That all changed when an old friend asked me to become a double agent . Howard : I have a vault . Somebody cleaned me out . A couple of weeks later , my inventions ... They start turning up on the black market . As of this moment , Howard Stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . He left me with an ally . Edwin Jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . I found the man who stole Howard 's inventions . He was part of a bigger conspiracy . [ Synthesized ] Leviathan is coming . Who is Leviathan ? He didn 't have time to tell me . All he left behind was a symbol . I must determine what this means before the SSR catches up to me ... Or my friends . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Grunting ] [ Gasps ] Clearly , you don 't know the rules of the house . Is this not apartment 3-F ? [ Gun cocks ] Who are you ? Jimmy . My girlfriend , Molly ... She lives here . I swear . 5 ' 5 " , blonde , works at Bonwit Teller ? Next one over . [ Strained ] Oh . Would it be too much trouble if I could come ... [ Sighs ] [ Grunts ] Have a nice night . Dooley : His room key is the only evidence we found at the crime scene . What can you tell us about him ? He was relatively clean . [ Muffled conversations ] He came and went without so much as a peep . Any visitors ? Only for just an hour . ♪ Let 's make romance tonight ♪ ♪ Let 's take a chance tonight under the light of the moon ♪ Looks like business is good . Hey , Ray . How you doing ? This is it ... 424 . Check all the usual hidey-holes . Hey ! Take it easy on the furniture . That 'll be all . Thank you . [ Pocket knife clicks ] [ Grunts ] [ Siren walls in distance ] All right , welcome to amateur hour . I got cash , passports . Got a British passport for " Alfred Lean , " an American passport for an " Orson Hawks , " and an Italian pass-a-port for " Federico Rossellini . " We got a film buff on our hands . What you got ? You find something ? Well , it sure isn 't nothing . [ Horn honks ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Powdered eggs again . What am I paying for ? Still , better than the blitz , right , English ? - Oh , just barely . - Morning , girls . Someone had a late night . What time did the cat drag you in ? I didn 't exactly get dragged out . - Molly , you didn 't . - What can I say ? Jimmy is very persuasive . And nimble . You got a guy , Peggy ? I 'm afraid I 'm married to my work at the moment . What about Mr. Fancy ? Who 's that ? You know , the guy I 've seen around the automat ... Nice suit , nice car , nice shoulders . [ Chuckling ] Oh , no . No . [ Clears throat ] He 's just a colleague . Good day , ladies . Early bird and all that . Ah , Miss Carter , please sit . This will only be a moment . In 1925 , the great Harry Houdini performed at this very building . Ugh , Houdini . That 's never good . Women stood spellbound and watched as he escaped from handcuffs , straight jackets , steamer trunks . But the one trick he could not pull off was ascending the stairs . It 's a simple rule , ladies . No men above the first floor . Molly Bowen ... Please go to your room and pack your things . Miss Fry ... please . I hope you had a splendid evening , because it will be your last at the Griffith . [ Whimpers ] Let her be an example for the rest of you . This institution is not unlike Fort Knox or Alcatraz . Whether by force or trickery , this building is impenetrable . [ Scoffs ] Can you believe that ? I don 't , actually . No building is impenetrable . Ladies and gentlemen , our pal Leet Brannis . Coroner says the amalgam in his teeth is Russian . Yeah ? How did he get the scar ? His voice box was cut out . - Mm . - Probably happened during the war . This guy served . Russian rifle division ... The 478th . Now , you ready to have your socks knocked off ? - Leet Brannis died . - I know that , son . - I 'm staring at his corpse . - Two years ago . Guy I knew in basic ended up in the U.S. Embassy in Moscow . I had him dig into the 478th . Turns out , they were wiped out in ' 44 in the battle of Finow , Germany . Dead don 't walk . At least , not in my experience . Where we at with your guy ? We 're still pulling what 's left of him from the truck wreckage , we were able to lift some prints from the passports that I found . We had a vodka bottle . Plus , we got this beauty . [ Patting ] Don 't touch . What did the lab rats say ? They think it 's some kind of long-range transmitter . How long ? Moscow-long ? Run his picture by your embassy friend . I 'm on it . Hey , passport guy 's mine . You got any friends in Moscow ? Or anywhere else ? Don 't be that guy . [ Knock on door ] Ran the license plate we pulled from the Roxxon debris . Belongs to Howard Stark . I found that . Where 's the rest of the car ? Uh , we just got a plate and a bumper . Boss , Stark was on the lam when Roxxon went down . Do we really think he would risk his freedom to blow it up ? Or in ... Whatever the hell happened . Somebody was driving that car . I want to know who . [ Birds chirping ] Anna : Edwin , leave the dishes . I can take care of it . Anna , darling , I 'm going to take you up on that offer . The day beckons . I 'll , uh , be in the garden . - Love you ! - And you ! In polite society , one telephones ahead before trespassing . I imagine strange women traipsing through the property isn 't a completely unusual occurrence . That 's a fair point . What brings you here ? My landlady gave me an idea . Oh , splendid . Why , now if we could get an opinion from your butcher ... Someone robbed Howard 's impenetrable vault . If I can find out how he got in , perhaps I can trace where he went and locate Howard 's missing technology . You 're not really dressed for it , I 'm afraid . Our thief didn 't exactly walk the items out of the front door . The night of the break-in , did you hear anything ? Well , no . There was a tremendous thunderstorm . It knocked the power out , including the alarms , for almost two hours . Not that I would have heard any of it . I 'm afraid the sultry combination of candlelight and rain always puts me out like a baby . Hmm . You 're quite the guard dog . Security is not within my purview . [ Knocking on door ] Sousa : SSR . Open up . Unbelievable . A known fugitive isn 't answering his door . Knock harder . Sure . Can I borrow your forehead ? [ Pounding on door ] Good afternoon , gentlemen . How may I help you ? Afternoon . Agents Thompson and Sousa with the SSR . If you 're looking for Mr. Stark , I 'm afraid he 's indefinitely unavailable . We 're well-aware of that , Mr. Jarvis . That is your name , isn 't it ? Mr. Edwin Jarvis ? You misplace anything recently ? Yes , I did lose a fountain pen on Fifth Avenue . How about the bumper off a fleetmaster ? Anything like that ? Just the bumper ? Wish you 'd found the entire car . I reported it stolen several days ago . Detective Davis at the 19th precinct was very helpful . If there 's nothing further ... [ Door thuds ] That bumper was found in a major crime scene . There 's plenty further . Mr. Stark doesn 't like visitors , whether he 's here to receive them or not . Look , Mr. Jarvis , I can call a judge and wait here to get a warrant . But honestly , it 's almost lunchtime , and I 'm hungry . How would you like to take a ride downtown ? Well , lead the way . [ Car door opens ] Well , this will be novel . I haven 't been in the back of a car in years . [ Car door closes ] [ Engine revs ] Come on , Butch . Be a pal ? Sorry , Krzeminski . I got plans . Yauch , what about you ? Told my gal I 'd take her to a show . Cover my shift tonight . I can 't swing it . Why don 't you ask Carter ? Right . Dooley would kill me if I let a lady take nights . Besides , she can barely make her own shift . Work day starts at 9 : 00 A.M. , honey . Tell me , Agent Krzeminski , who are you bringing to the show ... Your wife or your girlfriend ? [ Laughter ] Come on in . Have a seat . We really appreciate you coming down here to talk with us , Mr. Jarvis . Jarvis : Well , naturally . But I don 't think I can tell you anything that isn 't already in the missing-car report I filed . That report might take us a while to dig up . You see , the NYPD aren 't as efficient as the SSR at record-keeping , which is saying something , because our files are a wreck . That hurts . My filing 's impeccable . Isn 't that Stark 's butler ? You know this guy ? Only from the file . Do you think he was really involved in the Roxxon implosion ? Well , maybe he didn 't blow the place up , but he 's capable of driving a getaway car . [ Chuckles ] It 's funny . A lot of stuff gets stolen from Howard Stark ... Cars , bombs , death rays . Actually , the death ray 's accounted for . It 's in Nevada , I believe . Hmm . You know these men ? Take a good look . We have reliable information that says that both of these men were in possession of some of your boss ' misdoings , and now they 're dead . Oh , what a pity . Sounds like you found our thieves . Unless , of course , they were working for your boss . Would you look at that ? Five minutes in , and Thompson hasn 't knocked out a single tooth . Well , don 't let this guy fool you . He may be a butler ... Butlers know powerful people . If we don 't play this just right , he 'll have a dozen lawyers down here by lunch . What about the stolen-car report ? Currently lost in the system . Sousa : But if the car was actually stolen , we got nothing to use on him . Eh , we got something that 'll rattle this limey 's cage good . I 'll tell you , you know what I would do if the bumper fell off my car while I was committing a crime ? I 'd file a stolen-car report . Well , if you 're implying that Mr. Stark would ever ... I 'm implying you . Mr. Stark 's on the run . He is also ... an innocent man . I can see why he hired you . You 're smart , cool-headed , extremely loyal , which is surprising , considering you were charged with treason . There you go . Stay on him . Oh , yeah . It 's right here . There 's not much in there . But seeing as whatever you did 's been swept under a rug , I 'm guessing it 's a big green one made of Stark money , hmm ? So you dodged the treason conviction . [ Clapping ] But you couldn 't get out of the dishonorable discharge . Well , I guess money can 't buy everything . This looks bad ... Bad to every good man who ever served , bad to your friends , neighbors ... And to the fine folks at the office of immigration . Yeah , I 'm putting that on the table . That 'll be a fun conversation to have with the wife . Yeah ? [ As Jarvis ] " Honey , pack a bag . " Spot of bother . We 're being deported . " [ Breathes heavily ] [ Normal voice ] You know what ? Let 's get her on the phone . I 'll tell her myself . You leave my wife out of this . You dragged her into it when you broke the law with your boss . You pay , she pays . Hmm . He 's about to fold . And admit what ? If I had my way , damn near everything . This guy washes Stark 's underwear . He knows . [ Indistinct conversation ] Hey , it 's just getting good . I should get back to my station . [ Door opens ] I 'm sure the last thing you want is to put Anna on a plane and have to explain why . [ Telephone rings ] [ Indistinct conversations ] All right , I 'll let you take my shift . It 's a one-time offer , Carter . Carter ! Excuse me , Chief Dooley . I need your signature , sir . What ? Can 't it wait ? I 'm afraid the codes are ready for analysis . I need your approval . [ Clears throat ] Thank you . Why don 't you sit here awhile ? Think about it . I 'm gonna get a coffee . You want something ? [ Breathes heavily ] That 's my cue . What do you think ? I think he 's on the verge of telling you what Stark had for breakfast two months ago . Really nice , Jack . Mm-hmm . You feel him sweat ? Wife 's the key . Stay on the wife . Mr. Jarvis , I want you to meet ... Chief Dooley , I 'm afraid I mistakenly took your stolen-car report . Well , thank you for your hospitality , gentlemen . Unless you 're going to arrest and charge me , I 'll be on my way . If there 's anything further you 'd like to discuss , please feel free to contact one of Mr. Stark 's attorneys . Do you have any idea how stupid that was ? - I didn 't ... - Exactly . You didn 't think . For the love of Eve , will somebody tell me what I did , who I cheesed off to have you dumped in my lap ? And you wonder why you never catch any actual assignments . Hey . You see this man ? He did exemplary work today , and you ruined it . Now , what do you have to say to him ? Agent Thompson , I apologize . Agent Carter , sorry doesn 't even begin to cover it . Doesn 't even begin to cover it . Get out of my sight . Sir . [ Door opens ] [ Indistinct conversations start ] ♪ You see me when you please ♪ [ Knocking on door ] - [ Sighs ] - ♪ And think it 's right ♪ ♪ that I should stay at home every night ♪ [ Knocking continues ] ♪ If this is all in sight , don 't want your kind of love ♪ Oh , I 've been on my feet so long , I 've sprouted roots . Hello , Angie , sorry . I was ... I ... An 8-hour shift , and I got a whole 50 cents in tips . The war 's over . I thought we were all spending money again . How was your day ? Well , 50 cents in tips would have been a considerable improvement . I got a bottle of Schnapps and half a rhubarb pie . Let 's see which one makes us sick first . Oh , sounds lovely , but I was just about to go to bed . It 's 8 : 00 , grandma . Come on . Tell me about your crappy day . Maybe it 'll make me feel better . I 'm really tired . M-maybe some other time . [ Door opens ] Didn 't mean to disturb you . - No , you didn 't disturb me . I ju ... - No , it 's fine . I know a brush-off when I see it . Angie ... Oh . Ah , Miss Carter , Miss Martinelli , may I introduce you to our new resident , - Miss Dorothy Underwood ? - Oh , call me Dottie . Nice to meet you . - This place is pretty swell , huh ? - Hmm . Seems like one big , happy family . That wears off . No , it 's a pleasure to meet you . I love your accent . England , right ? I 've never met anybody from there . Miriam : Miss Underwood hails from Iowa and is pursuing a ballet career . Typically , I find dancers too carefree and irresponsible , though I have always appreciated the discipline of ballet . Nice to meet you , Dot . Uh , I didn 't mean to interrupt . No harm . Wasn 't much more to say . I 'm sure you 'll be very happy here . [ Door slams ] Uh ... [ Doorbell rings ] Do you have anything you want to tell me ? Not at present , no . Very well . Let 's get on with it . Mr. Stark believed the intruder had some advanced technological assistance . Mr. Stark believes brushing your teeth requires advanced technological assistance . [ Whistles ] [ Whistle echoing ] Shall we ? You 've done this before . Himalayas before the war . [ Chuckling ] Though , at the time , I was strapped to a very amusing Spaniard named ... [ Gasps ] You are , of course , well within your rights to maintain your privacy . Thank you . I agree . A charge of treason , out of context , is not necessarily what it appears to be . Quite so . In fact , my involvement with you and Mr. Stark could , on the face of it , be considered treasonous . Indeed , it could . I don 't need to know the details of your past , Mr. Jarvis . I appreciate that . Thank you . Our investigators found an open manhole cover five blocks away . They assume the thief came up there . Carrying hundreds of pounds of equipment ? Seems unlikely . You said it rained the night of the break-in . It was a positive deluge . Why ? New York is one of the last cities to still use its sewers to run off storm water . When the tunnels are full , the tide gate opens and the water runs into the river . All Mr. Brannis would have needed is a raft and a forecast . He could have floated his stolen treasure all the way to the sea . I 'm heading out . Make sure the chief gets this when he gets back . You got a hit on my passports ? Prince Charming 's name is Sasha Demidov . You might know the rest of the story . Let me guess . He was dead before that battle of ... wherever ? Finow . Congrats , Sousa . You are the brains of the night shift . You ladies have a good night . You know , the passports were a gift from me . Least you could do is cover my shift , you rat bastard . Thought you were gonna ask Carter . I was . I did . She acted like I was waving a sock in front of her face . I 'm sure you were polite and respectful as always . You sweet on her , Sousa ? [ Chuckles ] Don 't you have enough women in your life to worry about ? All right , I 'm gonna give you a nickel 's worth of free advice , pal . Give it up . No girl 's gonna trade in a red , white , and blue shield for an aluminum crutch . Your knowledge of waste removal rather surprises me . I spent a week down here in the winter of ' 42 . It was ... another time , perhaps . After all , we all have secrets . I was wrong . I need to know . Miss Carter ... If we 're going to be working together , risking our lives together , then I must be able to trust you . On my honor , you can . Your honor is not enough . Mr. Stark deemed me worthy of his trust . I would hope that would suffice . Mr. Stark would trust a shark to not bite him if it was wearing a short enough skirt . That 's not entirely relevant . Would it satisfy you to know that the charge of treason was dropped almost immediately ? It 's a start . [ Sighs , breathes deeply ] Before the war , I served under a general . We traveled a great deal . We were in Budapest when I met Anna . She worked in a hotel tailor shop ... Sold me the most beaut tie . And then the war broke out , and things became ... difficult . She was Jewish . Still is , I 'm happy to say . The general carried several letters of transit in his safe , any one of which would have ensured her safety , but he refused to sign . You forged his name . Hence the dishonorable discharge . It was filing the papers that sunk me . I was arrested in the middle of Whitehall . - Hmm . - On a Tuesday . How did Anna get out ? The same way I avoided the noose . Howard ? Mr. Stark had unfinished business with the general , and he and I had always got along . When he heard of my predicament , he ... used his influence . Sounds like a story . [ Boat horn blares in distance ] Another time , perhaps . Anna obviously knows what Howard did for you , but she doesn 't know what you do for him ? Not recently , no . I may not always be truthful with Anna , but I am always honest . Difficult balance , that . One that I imagine you know all too well . Here we are . Mr. Brannis couldn 't have gone very far with a whole raft full of volatile technology . Not far at all . Mr. Brannis ' symbol . [ Gearshift clicks ] Well , she looks to have seen better days . It 's still connected to the electric . Someone 's using it . Do you have another one of those ? Someone 's getting very confident . Hmm . [ Door creaking ] Bingo . Careful . Some can be skittish . Very well aware of that . [ Exhales sharply ] I remember you . Nasty little bugger . What does he do ? The constrictor causes involuntary catastrophic muscle contraction . Bones break , I 'm afraid . It was originally designed for back massage . Hmm . Right . Let 's call it in . Miss Carter , I 'm not sure you 've thought this through . You can 't reveal that you found these items . I can 't bloody well leave them here for someone else to find . - I 'm not suggesting ... - I 'm certainly not turning them over to you to be stolen the next time you feel sleepy . Agent Carter , how did you come to discover the stolen items ? Leet Brannis , uh , told me where they were . And how did you come into contact with Mr. Brannis ? I have been conducting my own private investigation with Howard Stark . What is your relationship with Howard Stark ? Have you been in contact with him since his disappearance ? Are you collaborating with Stark , a known traitor and fugitive from justice ? Publicly revealing these items won 't clear Mr. Stark 's name . They 'll only place you under suspicion along with him . Do you see the day I 've had ? I will call them in , and they will respect me . But they won 't . They 'll only use it to tear you down . If you wish to clear Mr. Stark 's name , you must do so from the shadows . There 's a phone box across the street . Call it in . But for God 's sake , don 't let Krzeminski get hold of it . Sousa 's working the office tonight . I can just about stomach him getting the credit . Oh , and , uh , Mr. Jarvis , they know your voice now . [ Telephone rings ] Sousa . [ Awkward American accent ] Hey , Mack , I , uh , got a hot tip for ya . What ? Yeah , Howard Stark 's stolen inventions . They 're ... they 're ... they 're on a boat near the south side pier ... The heartbreak , dock 12 . Who is this ? Just a pal . Tell me your Na ... How did you get this number ? Have a lovely night . [ Normal voice ] Right . Very good . Who was that ? Anonymous tip . Let 's go . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go . [ Footsteps approach ] That didn 't take long . Oh . Thought you were someone else . [ Grunts ] [ Panting ] Brannis told me one of you would be coming . One of me ? And I 'm not afraid to kill a woman . Would it make a difference if I told you I won 't make it easy ? Yeah . He told me that , too . [ Both grunting ] [ Coughing ] [ Grunts ] [ Both grunting ] [ Electricity humming , crackling ] [ Grunts ] What did you do ? What did you do to my arm ? [ Bones cracking ] Aah ! Well , that works . Not if you want a massage . [ Grunts ] [ Siren wailing in distance ] Jarvis : I imagine that 'll be your colleagues . - We must go . - We can 't leave him here . - He 's a witness . - There 's no time . [ Siren approaches ] [ Engine shuts off ] You sure somebody 's not yanking your chain ? [ Flashlight clicks ] There it is . SSR . Don 't move . Don 't think he can . [ Chuckles ] This is it . We got the Stark stuff . That 's like the whole haul . Ease up on that , will you ? I don 't want to end up inside out . We 're getting promotions out of this . Why ? ' Cause we answered the phone ? This got handed to us ... again . Somebody 's wrapping this up like it was Christmas . Christmas ? Well , hey , who doesn 't love Christmas ? I 'm gonna call chief . [ Chuckles ] [ Groans ] [ Indistinct conversations ] I want every single box checked and signed in . Careful with that , boys . Hey , keep it sealed off ! Man : You got it ! [ Car door closes ] Who 's our new helpful friend ? Jerome Zandow . He had an act in a sideshow at Coney Island . Petty crimes here and there . Probably just muscle for hire . Even muscle knows something . He had his hands on an arsenal of Stark Technology , but he just sat there with it . What 's he waiting for ? I 'll get it out of him . Crates are loaded up . I want a lead and a chase car . Don 't do the scenic route . Let 's get it behind SSR walls A.S.A.P. I 'll wake up the eggheads , start figuring out what the hell this stuff is . And , boys , drive carefully . I don 't want to be the one who sunk Manhattan . [ Car door closes ] [ Radio tuning ] I don 't envy you , buddy . My pal Jack ... he 's got a special gift for interrogations . He 's real convincing , gets guys to spill their guts . That 's not an expression . We 've had to use a mop . I need a doc . My arm 's broke . What 's the point of fixing you up if we 're just gonna break you again ? [ Sighs ] Was that dame working for you ? - What dame ? - The one on the boat ... English broad , solid right hook . English ? Yeah . [ Traffic light dinging ] What 's she look like ? [ Thud ] Ohh , damn it ! What the ... ? ♪ Why don 't you come back ♪ - Don 't move . - ♪ And treat your daddy right ♪ - [ Dinging continues ] - ♪ Let 's jam that boogie ♪ W-watch where you 're going . You 're lucky this is a company car . Hey . [ Silenced gunshots ] Ohh ! ♪ Let 's jam that boogie , babe ♪ [ Grunting ] I didn 't tell him anything ! I didn 't tell him nothing ! Not a thing , I ... [ Silenced gunshots ] [ Grunts ] ♪ Let 's jam that boogie ♪ ♪ Let 's jam that boogie , babe ♪ [ Elevator bell dings ] [ Sobbing ] Thank you . [ Telephones ringing ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Rose ? What is it ? Oh , Peggy . It 's too awful . Sousa : Really puts you back there , doesn 't it ? Somebody buys it , you realize could happen anytime , any day . How did it happen ? Professional hit . Him and our only witness . Must have been watching us at the scene . I knew something was fishy about that anonymous tip . Who does that ? A concerned citizen ? Concerned citizens call the cops . This guy called us directly . It 's not like we 're in the phonebook . Somebody targeted them , and I 'm gonna find that bastard . Whatever happened last night , don 't any of you forget ... Krzeminski would still be with us today if it wasn 't for Howard Stark , whether he pulled the trigger or not . We 're only neck-deep in this mess because of him . I want action plans on my desk in one hour . Stay vigilant . I 'm not losing any more of you . Now I got to go call Krzeminski 's wife . I 'll call his girlfriend . [ Clears throat ] [ " Someone to Watch over Me " plays ] [ Bell jingles ] ♪ There 's a somebody I 'm longing to see ♪ ♪ I hope that he turns out to be ♪ ♪ Someone who 'll watch over me ♪ ♪ I 'm a little lamb who 's lost in the wood ♪ The usual ? Yes , please . - [ Clears throat ] - ♪ I know I could always be good ♪ ♪ To one who 'll watch over me ♪ Anything else ? Uh ... [ Clears throat ] ♪ Although he may not be the man ♪ I ... I thought I might tell you about my day if you have a moment . Yeah , that would be a nice change . I got plenty of time on my hands . All ears . Uh , it 's just that ... one of my co-workers died today . Geez , Peg . That 's too bad . Right there on the job ? Yes , it was sudden . I know how you feel ... Blindsided . Like when my cousin Ralphie got hit by a bus . Granted , he did just knock off a newsstand , but still . Big shock . Oh , uh ... [ Sniffles ] I don 't know why it 's hit me so hard . We weren 't close . He was ... a brute , a cheat . He was disrespectful , rude ... But he was good at his job . I 'm really sorry , honey . What can I do ? Man : Miss , could I get a refill ? Um ... do you still have that Schnapps ? Miss ? Let me get this jerk his refill , and I 'll clock out . I think that jerk quite fancies you . Shut up , English . You talk too much . [ Chuckles ] ♪ Someone to watch ♪ ♪ Over ♪ ♪ Me ♪
