 Narrator : Previously on helix ... Woman : This is the suspect . Dr. Alan farragut . Your job is to collect intel so we can make an arrest . ( breathing heavily ) This disease is caused by a few infected bees ? Woman : You did a very good job . It 's just honey . This ... This is power . Brother michael : Dr. Farragut seems to think you 're dangerous . He actually knows quite a bit about you . Well , he should ... Since he 's your brother . Maybe you 're the ones who are making everyone sick ! Argh ! Somebody help ! Woman : The cdc doctor is a silver eye . She 's immortal . No , that 's not possible . How long have you been working for ilaria ? That 's ridiculous ! I heard you , peter . No , no , no , no ! Alan ! What are you really doing here ? I 'm investigating a pathogen . How about you ? Alan : You work for ilaria , don 't you ? You lied to us . You told us you were the only one . But i saw her eyes . Of all my daughters , you 've always been my favorite . ( neck cracking ) Pozniak : Ladies and gentlemen , i think we 're all familiar With the tragic events at arctic biosystems And the failure that occurred Under the watch of hiroshi hatake . But from the ashes , a new opportunity Has arisen , a scientific breakthrough : Narvik-c . ( roaring ) Pozniak : Unlike dr . Hatake , Science doesn 't lie or make excuses , or feel confused . We can trust in the new narvik . It 's right there in the report Which is why i recommend moving forward With narvik-c immediately . ( woman moaning ) We 've all made great sacrifices To prevent humanity from going off course . Unfortunately , those sacrifices have been in vain . ( both moaning ) Alan . Huh ? ( moaning ) Sorry . That 's cool . You know , we don 't have to stop . ( exhales ) yes , we do . ( cell phone chiming ) At this hour ? Come on . ( call disconnected ) The board meeting has been rescheduled . What ? When ? An hour ago . Why the hell didn 't they tell me ? Pozniak : With narvik-c , We can finally arrive at our goal of making the planet A stable , sustainable concern . ( door opening ) ( people murmuring ) Dr. Walker , nice of you to join us . I would have joined you sooner if i 'd been informed of this meeting . A scheduling error , i 'm sure . As always , we value Your input in these matters . Pozniak : As i was saying , we at the ilaria corporation Held out hope that nature would take care of itself , But overpopulation , diminishing resources , And drastic climate change have forced our hand . We must take a more active role In the stewardship of the human race . With 17 coordinated strikes , We can reduce world population By 75 % within 3 months . And we 'd still have the ability to administer the cure Created by dr . Walker to any mortals deemed essential . We expect this to be a short list . I had assurances Ilaria would suspend work on the narvik virus . You were assured We would suspend human testing , nothing more . You told me , in this room , i would have time To research and develop non-lethal alternatives . And tell us , what have you delivered ? My crop-redistribution initiative is very promising . How long ? 50 to 100 years . Narvik can accomplish that in 50 to 100 days . Pollution , famine , drought , it won 't wait dr . Walker . This is about our very survival . Call it what you want , it 's genocide . Must we hear this from someone Who 's barely lived a single lifetime ? We 've been harassed , persecuted , And tortured on 7 continents . You didn 't have to see your loved ones burned at the stake . This isn 't genocide . It 's a cleansing moment of clarity . ( sighs ) let 's put it to a vote . Those in favor ? Opposed ? The motion carries . Next item , ( sighs ) Executive compensation . Brother michael : She collapsed . I did everything i could . ( sniffles ) i tried to help her . ( scoffs ) ( voice breaking ) i tried . Of course , you did . I mean , she didn 't even ... Have any signs that she was ill . It 's better this way . She didn 't suffer ? Just not ready to let her go . She was ready . But i wasn 't . I wasn 't . This is not what i wanted . It 's not how i wanted it to be . Michael . Listen to me , please . She was my mother . And my daughter ! I know , and i should be falling apart right now , But i 'm not . Do you know why ? Because i 'm with you . And i know you 're going to take care of me And everyone else here , Because no matter what , You prevail . You understand ? You ... Prevail . That is how we prevail . Brother michael : She 's taken her final path . Yes , she has . ( sighs ) we will prevail . We will . Oh , thank you , anne . Thank you . I know i can count on your strength . Of all my daughters ... You 've always been my favorite . ( brother michael sighs ) ( anne sobs ) ( theme music playing ) ( sighs ) ( door opening ) Sarah ! Thank god ! Alan ? Where have you been ? Can 't get a straight answer out of anyone . ( sighs ) it 's a long story . Why are you handcuffed ? Ah , you should ask your ... ( footsteps approaching ) Your good friend , dr . Sommer . If he is a doctor ... Texas tech med school in lubbock . That 's the harvard of the panhandle . Are you ok ? I 'm fine . Kyle , what the hell is going on ? You haven 't figured it out ? He 's a mole . Watch it , friend . He 's undercover . Apparently , i 'm the cdc 's most wanted , And i am not your friend . You 've been investigating us this entire time ? Not you , him . This man 's a wanted terrorist . Multiple counts of murder and the bombing At the ilaria corporate building in paris . I trust him , which is more than i can say for you now . That 's why you 're not the doctor in charge of uncuffing people . I 've been watching you . You do not have the know-how to get us out of this . You better start looking closer , hot zone , Because i 'm the guy who 's doing it . Where 's peter ? Does he know about this ? Kyle : He 's still awol . Sarah : We should find him . Believe me , i 've tried . No one 's seen him . Maybe he knew something about you the rest of us didn 't . ( scoffs ) Last i checked , i was the one man here who didn 't desert his post Or get himself on a terrorist-suspect list . So how about we start with what i have to say ? I filtered the tainted honey and found pollen grains With 3 sizes and distinctive furrows . Pollen . Yeah , it should lead us back to the source . Now , we just have to take samples and find a match . Sarah : Do you have any idea how many trees And flowering plants there are on this island ? That could take months . ( scoffs ) What 's so funny ? M. Domestica . Of course . How did we not see it ? What ? What didn 't we see ? It was right under your nose all along , " doctor " . Three-sided pollen , distinctive furrows ? That 's m . Domestica , otherwise known as the common apple . Everybody 's been eating the apples , why aren 't they sick ? That 's what you need to find out . We need to take apple-pollen samples , And we need to do it now . And i would be happy to do it , except that i am ... You sit tight . I 'm done trusting anybody ( briefcase closing ) With the last name of farragut . I suggest you do the same . ( sobbing ) a stroke ... Is that what he said ? Anne : Yes . Does our father even know what a stroke looks like ? Why are you questioning him ? ( sniffling ) Because you 're blind . Mind your tone with me . Of course . I should never question , never doubt ! Just be michael 's humble servant . Yes . As i am . As your grandmother was . My grandmother ... You know , i saw her last night On her way to see michael ... To accuse him . Didn 't she tell you ? The girl from the cdc , Sarah ... She has eyes Just like him . All this time , michael told us he was the only one , And the moment agnes finds another , She dies ? Of a stroke ? Yes . ( scoffs ) And you 'd better accept it before you step out of this room . We owe that man everything . Maybe we owe him too much . Maybe it 's time for him to pay . Now , you listen to me . Your 20th birthday is coming . I won 't do it . You will do your duty Like i did , and my mother , And her mother before her . And on and on . All those portraits on the wall ... All of them his precious daughters ... All of them his lovers ! I 'm not ashamed of what i am . Maybe you should be . You and agnes , every last one of us . You made me what i am , But i didn 't ask for it . What you should be is grateful . ( sighs ) This gift honors all of us , And like me and every one of us , You will bear michael a daughter . I won 't let my father have me . You will give me a granddaughter . The line will remain Unbroken . ( single knock ) Brother michael : Good morning , peter . Ah , it seems your brother 's flown the coop . So why don 't you step out into the light ? Come on now . Step into the light . Let me see your eyes , Your real eyes . You 've already seen my eyes . Yes , well ... So many ways to hide . Dyes , lenses , injections . I have no idea what you 're talking about ... Oh , come on , come on ! I 'm gonna get answers one way or the other . ( sighs ) are you one of them ? Did ilaria send you ? What 's ilaria ? Oh , nice try , But the correct response would have been , " who 's ilaria ? " I work for the cdc , i 'm just a scientist . Just a scientist ? Yeah . So then , you should know the function of a catalyst , yes ? Of course . Well , i 'd like to introduce a catalyst To jumpstart consideration ... Of my questions . ( grunting ) ( rats squeaking ) I wouldn 't sleep if i were you . ( peter screaming ) They haven 't been fed in a few days . ( peter screaming ) ( rats squeaking ) ( sniffling ) they call it the planting ritual . He did it to my mother ... And my grandmother . It 's barbaric . ( sobbing ) He 's a great man . You should be honored . He 's my father . ( exhales ) i don 't know What you want me to do . Michael 's made us all free . Oh , you 're free ? ( sobbing ) How nice for you . I 'll think of that when he 's forcing himself on me . Ah , don 't talk like that . Oh , you don 't Like having to hear something so unpleasant ? Stop . Just stop . ( sobbing ) Do you know i pray Ever since this horrible disease started ? I 've prayed , not that things would get better , But they would get worse That it would get so bad It would take away his power , and i could run away . I don 't want him to be the father of my child . I want it to be someone special . ( breathing heavily ) If only someone would make sure He couldn 't do these horrible things to me . Brother michael : There is a moment in every life Where the body can no longer follow The path prescribed by the mind . Agnes has reached the end Of her path And discarded the hollow shell , That we call the body . ( water splashing ) But in a time like this , we must ask ourselves . Who better ... Who more deserving ... To go ... On so great a journey ? Agnes was the best of us . A caring soul brimming With love . A gifted scientist Whose miraculous abilities Gave us the sweetest of all of our garden 's bounty . Everything sweet on this island Was made so by agnes 's creation . The hybrid chester blackberry ... That , like the life she taught us to lead , Survives The worst Conditions . So let us honor her And partake Of her greatest gift she created . ( people screaming in distance ) ♪ ♪ ( people screaming ) ( bell tolling ) ( both grunting ) Man : Get off ! Why are you trying to kill me ? Man : I 'm not ! I 'm not trying to hurt you ! ( grunting ) Need some help here ! ( screaming ) ( growling ) ( thudding ) ( screaming ) Anne , where did all these new infected come from ? I don 't know . The screams started 10 minutes ago . What do we do ? We need to get these people into quarantine . Not enough room in infirmary . Then find the biggest room and round up the sick in there . They won 't come willingly . Then use physical force . Look , these people are having a psychotic break . They won 't listen to reason . They 're not your friends and family anymore . Divide in teams of two . Use ropes , belts , whatever you can find . We need to restrain these people before they hurt themselves or others . Now go ! Anne : Quickly , everyone ! ( sirens wailing ) That 's not the face of someone who got her way . That 's because i didn 't . But everything they promised ... Is now unpromised . The facilities are operational In 17 major cities . Shipments are moving . They 're making contingency plans To ensure the nuclear power plants don 't melt down . This is happening . So , this really is the end of the world . Not yet . Still gonna be a week , give or take , before they can pull the trigger . Sergio . I 'm sorry . I 've seen a lot of death in my time . Hell , i 've caused a fair share of it , But the scope of what they are planning is ... I 'm gonna contact the cdc , Blow the whistle on the whole thing . Is that our best option ? It 's not like the cdc has been able to contain the virus . How long will it take for them to coordinate a global response ? It 's our only option unless you have a better idea . ( exhales ) You know how ilaria deals with traitors . I 'm not asking you to be part of this . Guilt by association . There are ilaria 's safe houses around the world . Yeah , i 'm sure i 'd be safe in one of those . What 's this ? Little souvenir from arctic biosystems . ( hissing ) Best served chilled . The cure . A single dose . Keep it safe . It 's about to become the most valuable substance on earth . What happened ? Did you get the samples ? We got a new outbreak . At least 30 victims , maybe more . ( briefcase unclasping ) I got anne putting together teams to get them in quarantine . 30 victims ? How ? I don 't know , But we 've got to get this thing under control . It 's a war zone . Argh ! Alan : Hey , hey , Watch it . You 'll pop your stitches . He 's right . You 've got to sit this one out . What ? No , you cannot triage an entire abbey 's worth Of mentally unstable patients on your own . I 'm coming with you . For god sake , take me out of these cuffs , so i can help ! Uh-huh , no way . Where am i gonna go ? We 're in the middle of the ocean ! I got my orders . Then , they can recite them at your funeral , Because if you don 't let me out of these cuffs , None of us are getting off this island alive ! ( panting ) Let me go ! ( people screaming ) Female patient : Hey , keep them away from me ! ( screaming ) I need those sedatives . What 's the holdup ? I was just explaining . We only have 20 injectable doses of diazepam . And i can 't allow you to use it on our people . You see what i 'm dealing with ? We don 't see western medicine As a positive step to being . Anne , these people are suffering ! What you call suffering , we see as a difficult , but necessary path . Lady , i don 't give a blue damn What kind of kale smoothies you 've been drinking , But in a few hours , these people are gonna be Pulling out of their restraints , and no amount Of " being " is gonna keep them from ripping out your throat . He 's right , anne . Hello , jerome . Glad your path brought you here Where you can be the most help . I know a few places my path is gonna take me When this is over . Please ... Let 's not let our unfinished business Get in the way of caring for the sick . And don 't let dogma prevent healing . It 's the cdc 's job to make sure our people get well . Isn 't that right ? The sedatives will provide a degree of comfort For the next 6 hours . And what do we do after that ? Sominus . It 's a hybrid of valerian skullcap and motherwort . Agnes was making it before she ... She left us . It 's an excellent sedative . Can be administered orally in a tea . ( clanking ) ( door creaking ) ( bell tolling ) Hello , olivia . I brought you something . ( gasps ) ( moaning ) I thought everyone had forgotten about me . Of course not . Things have gotten a little crazy . I heard screaming . What 's going on up there ? There are a lot more sick people now . The cdc doctors are locking everyone in the refectory . Monsters . I just hope they don 't do to them What they did to my soren . Truth is no one knows what they 're doing . You may be in the safest place In the whole abbey . They had no right To punish me . Doesn 't michael say That the true path is always righteous ? That , he does . Then , i 'm glad I stabbed that cdc woman . I 'd do it again . Please , olivia , don 't say that . I mean it . No one was sick until they got here . And now , soren 's gone . They killed my son . Who 's gonna be punished for that ? I don 't know . ( sighs ) I just wish someone would make them go away . ( door creaking ) ( door creaking ) This valerian skullcap stuff , It 's gonna work , right ? My mother was a brilliant chemist . It 's not what i asked . I need to know we 're not gonna have A slaughterhouse on our hands When these injections wear off . It will work . ( sighs ) How did 83 people get sick at exactly the same time ? They were all exposed to the pathogen simultaneously . So what was the axis event ? Breakfast ? Was this the same diet as every day ? Nothing was added to the menu . Were all those people together somewhere ? Maybe the orchard or the council hall ? We were all at the memorial service for agnes . We all ate the berries , the hybrid she created . All of these people ? We all ate them . Even me . Well , if you were gonna be sick , you 'd be sick already . Still , eating those berries is the only thing All these infected have in common . That 's where we start . ( rats squeaking ) ♪ now , i 'm locked in a room ♪ and there aren 't any windows ♪ no way to get through and there 's no place to hide ♪ i 'm done with the dark but i 'm scared of the light ♪ but i 'll find my way tonight ♪ let me outside , let me outside ♪ i know i 'll find my way tonight ♪ now i 've put up these walls ♪ and they 're not coming down ♪ there 's a way they could fall ♪ but i 'm just terrified ♪ don 't know if i can ever make it right ♪ but i 'll find my way tonight ♪ let me be free ♪ It 's the black hole . No light can escape . ( panting ) listen . I know you 're in pain , But i can help . I 'm a doctor . Pain is fleeting . It goes in the hole . Understand ? Once it 's in there , it never escapes . I understand . Never . Never . I ... I didn 't know . I just ... Please . Please , just get me out of here . The things they want gone go in the hole . In the hole . Look , look . Hey , listen , Listen , just ... You pull up the grid , And i 'll do the rest , okay ? ( panting ) Pain stays in the hole . No , no , no . It can 't escape . No , no , no , no ! No , no , no ! Pain goes in the hole . ( peter groaning ) Pain goes in the hole ! ( rats squeaking ) ♪ ♪ ( inaudible ) ( inaudible ) ♪ ♪ Kyle : Here 's the next batch . Say , sarah , you wouldn 't happen to have some Gum stashed somewhere , would you ? Oh , so now i 'm sarah Now that you need something from me . ( chuckles ) I didn 't think we 'd be here this long , i 'm out . You do know that too much xylitol Can actually increase your blood sugar levels , right ? Thanks . I 'll remember that when i go for my phd in " gummology . " Oh , i 've got something . It 's definitely a fungus . It looks like the same one we found in soren 's blood . Kyle : Hmm . Is it in all those samples ? No , only in vials 3 through 9 , 15 through 21 , and 43 through 48 . And those all came from the same batch . So , only some of the berries are contaminated . Well , that rules out accidental exposure . What are you saying ? You think somebody did this on purpose ? It 's the only explanation . Half the bowls were spiked , Probably with contaminated honey . The only question is , who had access ? Hello , peter . Are you ready to talk ? There 's been a new outbreak , And i know you 'd like to help your friends . They 're struggling without their leader . Then let me out so i can help them . In good time , Provided you help me . And how do i do that ? Your friend sarah , she 's very special . And please don 't pretend That you don 't know about her or me . But i 'd like you to tell me how she got to be that way . I don 't know . I wasn 't there when it happened . Oh , i get it . You like those rats . You want to see how many more of them i can fit down there ? I mean it . I was sick , Out of my mind . I wasn 't a part of it . Oh . Well , maybe you just need a little more time to think about your answers . I 'll be back , say , in a year . Or two . No , no . Wait , wait . ( panting ) i know the people who made her immortal . If you let me out , i can get the information . If you give me something i can use , I will contemplate your release . I don 't know what made sarah immortal , But i know about her baby ! It 's immortal too . At least , she thinks it is . Her ... Her baby ? She has an immortal child ? She was pregnant when she became immortal . You 're sure about this ? Yeah , of course , i 'm sure . Thank you , peter . I think we 're going to be great friends . Then , let me out of here ! Please invite dr . Jordan to my office And bring the restraints . Peter : Hey , let me out of here ! Hey ! Come on ! Michael ! Michael ! ( door locking ) An immortal child . Not just that . The child might be the way To make the rest of us like michael . Are you sure that 's all he said ? Isn 't that enough ? Enough to make you bring dr . Jordan to me instead of him ? But i ... Michael told me ... I know what he told you , but don 't you understand ? The moment i was born without the eyes , I 've been good for only one thing : To bear him another daughter . And he 'll keep doing it to every one of his daughters . Do you know why ? Because every time he does , The mortal part gets weaker , And the immortal part gets stronger . That 's why it has to be his daughters . He thinks one day he 'll have a child like himself . Don 't ! Oh , damn it , amy . What did you just say ? You heard me . I 've done a lot of things , bad things . I 've done them for you . And you 've received nothing in return ? I didn 't say that , but michael has Anne asking questions about how people got sick . She won 't find out . She 's not just gonna let you do whatever you want . If i get caught ... You think i would let you suffer . Little you think of me . Of us . You keep telling me there is no us . There 's either you and me or you and michael . You can 't have both . When you make a decision , That 's when you 'll know if there is an us . ( sighs ) ( indistinct chatter ) ( vehicle honking ) ( door unlocking ) Hello ? Is someone there ? Guess i don 't have to ask how you got in . ( blowing ) We do own the place . Please . Sit . I don 't have time for games . Oh that 's a pity . I spent the balance of 100 years Learning how to make the perfect coq au vin . Turns out The secret is in skimming the impurities from the source . Much like what ilaria is trying to accomplish . Why are you here ? Hmm . Why is any of us here ? You ask that a lot when you spend So much time around people with agendas , Like our colleagues at ilaria . You still haven 't answered my question . Your plan to inform the cdc will fail . Balleseros told you . Oh , please . I heard your protest , i saw the files you 've pulled from the databanks . The rest was arithmetic . Don 't beat yourself up . We 've been doing this a very long time . What is that ? Our last chance . Turns out i don 't relish the idea Of spending eternity in the company Of the same silver-eyed dullards any more than you do . No more than i like the idea Of exterminating humanity . And i 'm not the only one who feels that way . Mademoiselle durant ? She 'll be at the jardin de la jeune lune tomorrow at 9 sharp . Don 't be late . I do hope you 're not vegan . ( door opening and closing ) Oh , damn , that is good . Brother michael : Everyone , please stay . Please . I 'd like you all to see this . Is something wrong ? I don 't know , amy . Is something wrong ? I 'd like to know . Is there anything that you need to say to me ? No . What 's wrong ? You 're scaring us . Landry , would you be so kind As to search that locker , please ? ( people murmuring ) Whose coat is this ? It 's mine . ( people murmuring ) Oh , anne , How could you ? I have no idea how that got there . Of course you don 't . Bring her . This is ridiculous . Step aside . There 's no way she brought that into this abbey . Oh , you mean the source of the disease , The reason why we 're all cowering in fear ? You made them all sick . No . Why would i ? I don 't know , but i 'm gonna find out . ( gasps ) No . Michael , I 'd never do that . I 'd never do that ! Please ! Michael ! Mademoiselle durant ? ( speaking in french ) After 500 years , really ? ( speaking in french ) ( speaking in french ) ( speaking in french ) ( with french accent ) that was very rude of her . I 'm sorry . No need to be sorry . Madame walker , i presume ? I am mademoiselle durant . I never could get used to the contact lenses . Don 't be so surprised . You know , we come in all sizes . ( chuckles ) I hear you met that little shit Who calls himself the scythe . I did . It 's because of people like him That there are people like me and madame wallenberg . What kind of people are you ? The kind who know damn well You cannot change the system from within . A young person 's mistake . ( chuckles ) but there 's hope for you yet . I need more than hope right now . We need you too . There is another renegade immortal . Not one of us , But he 's been working on something very promising , A project that might prevent our friends at ilaria From ending the human race . Well , tell me . There 's much for you to learn , And it begins here . ( patient coughing ) Cut the bonds and get them out of those beds ! We need to save our brothers and sisters ! Hey ! Hey , what are you people doing ? You 've got to put them back into beds . Whoa , hey , When these people come to , they 're gonna be extremely violent . Don 't you understand ? Alan : Olivia , what is happening ? Olivia : What does it look like ? We 're taking care of our own . Whoa ! Olivia , you know me . I 've lived here . You lived among us , but you were never one of us . But you have to let us help these people ! I took your help and i lost my son . Now is our time to show these sowers of disease And discord that they can 't bully us . We stand together ! Let 's go ! Woman : Come on . Let 's go ! ( indistinct talking ) We 're not gonna win this one . Kyle : So , we just let them take the sick away ? For now . I 've seen this before . Frightened people blaming their doctors for their disease , Hurting , even killing . Get to the lab . Protect sarah . Go ! Now , now ! ( struggling ) ( breathing heavily ) Kyle : I wonder what 's taking alan so long . He knows what he 's doing . I hope so . These people were ready to kill . They 'd have turned on us in a moment , no problem . ( sighs ) that 's ironic coming from you . Hey , i 'm just doing a job , like you . Not exactly like me . This doesn 't make any sense . What doesn 't ? No , something must be wrong with the spect . Seeing as how it probably shares a birthday with my daddy , what 's it saying ? The apple-pollen samples you gathered Tested positive for the fungus . Great . Now , we how the honey got infected . Except there are no traces of mycotoxin in the apples , only in the honey . So the honey makes you mycotic and kills you , But the apples don 't . Alan : Kyle , sarah ... Alan , great , We need fresh eyes on this . Come here . Kyle , we 're conducting a room-by-room search For the mycotics , we could use your help . You 're calling the shots now ? Just conveying information . Alright , alright , i 'm coming . ( door opening ) ( door closing ) ( sarah gasping )
