 Previously on " agent carter " ... As of this moment , howard stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . What 's in the vial ? Steve rogers ' blood . I knew how much steve meant to you , Because I know how much he means to me . I 'd hate to tangle with one that 's all grown-up . Because we have something very important to take care of . He got in my head . Promise me you 'll get the son of a bitch who did this . Carter : Chief ! Man : Chief ! We need to find out what ivchenko took . Doobin : Item 17 . It 's gone . Thompson : What 's that do ? Jarvis : I have no idea . [ coughing ] [ all coughing ] [ woman screams ] Announcer : Three out of four famous hollywood stars Recommend diamond toilet soap For high-quality complexion care . Be a diamond girl . Only 39 cents for two bars . And now back to our program . When we last left our hero , Captain america had saved the 25th infantry , But his plane was going down over the sea of japan . Betty , I 'm afraid this is the end . Oh , cap , There will never be another man like you . I love you , captain america . But betty carver , face wet with loving tears , Hears only static . [ paper crackles ] [ siren wailing in distance ] [ indistinct conversations ] You 're the ssr folks ? What the hell happened here , detective ? Hell if I know - - I got 47 dead , Heads bashed in , eyes gouged out - - Not a single survivor . Carter : Good lord . It 's like some kind of monster got in . Never seen anything like it . All this happened inside the theater ? This way . [ camera shutters clicking ] No monster killed these people . They killed each other . Guess you g-men catch stuff like this all the time . No . No , we sure don 't . [ grunts ] [ sighing ] [ grunts ] [ coughing ] Sousa ! Sousa ! Hey . Hey . What happened ? [ screams ] Daniel ! [ grunts ] Man : Get him off ! [ gasping ] [ peggy lee 's " I got it bad ( and that ain 't good ) " plays ] ♪ never treats me sweet and gentle ♪ This really is an amazing city . ♪ the way he should ♪ it 's like any other . No , no , my dear . To american strength and ingenuity . ♪ and that ain 't good ♪ Huh ! It is a beacon for all the world to envy . And won 't it be fun to tear it all down ? ♪ my poor heart is sentimental ♪ [ siren wailing ] ♪ not made of wood ♪ ♪ I 've got it bad ♪ ♪ and that ain 't good ♪ [ wailing stops ] ♪ but when the fish are jumping ♪ Let us not bring unwanted attention to ourselves . ♪ and Friday rolls - - ♪ [ radio turns off ] Good evening , officer . Did I do something wrong ? Well , ma 'am , there 's a small matter Of that traffic light you missed back there . [ gasps ] I did ? ! Oh , my gosh ! I am just the silliest goose . You 're lucky you didn 't get in an accident . I am so sorry , officer . You know , I would let my grandfather drive , But ... He 's blind in one eye . Wartime injury . Okay , ma 'am . Just be careful . Thank you , officer . You are just the kindest man . [ static ] Dispatcher : All cars , be on the lookout for a vehicle last seen In the vicinity of 65th and park . Black dynaflow , license three-yankee-six-zulu . Vehicle is reported stolen by an armed female - - Blonde , 5 ' 8 " . All patrolmen must proceed with caution . [ coughing ] Carter , what the hell is going on ? I was about to ask you the same thing . How are you feeling ? Like I swallowed a bag of shrapnel . [ inhales deeply ] what 's with this ? Do you remember anything that happened Inside the movie theater ? There was , uh , some kind of gas . You found the canister , and you attacked agent thompson . [ sighs ] I wanted to kill him . I wanted to kill ... Everybody . Oh , god , peggy . I-I hit you . I-I 'm so sorry . You weren 't yourself . How are you now ? I still want to kill thompson , but no more than usual . [ chuckles ] Best the scientists can figure , It 's a chemical that induces psychosis upon exposure , Which I can personally attest to After sousa tried to bite my nose off . Hey , killer . I 'm surprised howard would consent To manufacturing something like that . The amount that got me was tiny . How much of this stuff does ivchenko have ? The lab counted 10 canisters . Meaning ivchenko has enough To send half the city into a homicidal rage . But why ? Why go to all that trouble ? 'cause he 's a russian jerk with a chip on his shoulder . Ivchenko has a plan . He brought us into russia . He tricked us into bringing him into this country . There 's something specific that he is targeting . We just have to find out what it is . The target is me . Hey ! [ guns cock ] Get your hands up . Get your hands up ! Told you . What kind of welcome is this ? You know who designed the ssr security system ? Yeah , the same outfit that secures the white house . Exactly . They stink . You should have hired me . I know . You missed me . As of this moment , you 're under arrest , stark . You know , I could help you with that . [ smacks table ] Roger dooley is dead . Ray krzeminski is dead . Sousa : Along with a theater full of innocent people . Stark industries - - that 's all on you . You got something funny to say about that ? I know . That 's why I came back . That 's everything There is to know about the battle of finow . I really don 't care about some old war story . 'cause all those deaths are on me , too . The gas is called midnight oil . You designed a poison gas , howard ? No ! Well , not intentionally . That would keep soldiers awake for days at a time , But it failed . Caused symptoms similar to sleep deprivation - - Anger , hallucinations , psychosis . If you knew all that , why use it in finow ? I didn 't . My lab was raided . They took my samples , my research , All on the orders of general mcginnis . The next day , they dropped it on the russians To help them take finow . I flew there afterward to see with my own eyes . What those men did to each other , you can 't imagine . We don 't need to imagine . We saw it in that theater . I experienced it myself . And you survived ? It 's been known to cause asphyxiation . Guess that explains my sore throat . It also explains our voiceless friends . Someone performed laryngotomy procedures on these men . Or , as he 's also known , johann fennhoff . A psychiatrist with a speciality in hypnosis . Must be how they got to dooley . And if he can control the chief , we 're all at risk . No . This time , I 'm taking the risk . This fennhoff obviously wants to punish me , So ... Let 's give him what he wants . What are you talking about ? I 'll be the bait . The ssr just needs to set the trap . Yeah . Something public . Real showy . Well , that 's the only way I do it . [ mid-tempo music playing ] [ engine shuts off ] Hey , this is private property . I 'll take care of it . [ car door opens ] hey , mister . [ indistinct conversation ] man : We interrupt this program To bring you a special news bulletin . Howard stark returns a hero . ... Is in new york today to announce a major breakthrough In the case of his missing technology . Mr. Stark will hold a press conference this afternoon ... [ gunshots ] ... On the steps of city hall with all the details . What are you waiting for ? Let 's get in there . A new opportunity has arisen . Just since I left the car ? We are going back to the city . Our plans have changed . How 's that look ? Like a nest of spiders with very short legs . That 's good enough . Hey , peg , you got any powder ? I want to cut down the shine . I don 't like this , howard . It 's too dangerous . Don 't waste your breath , miss carter . I 've already wasted mine on the subject . It 's body armor for your protection . It 's junk . Where 's my stuff ? What are you people doing ? These are highly volatile materials . This - - this is photosensitive . This should be kept in the dark . This - - this should be kept cool . [ grunts ] And this . This is fine now . With this ridiculous press conference ? There are other ways to get fennhoff into the open . Name one . No , name three . There it is . [ clears throat ] Stops a .50-cal round from 100 feet . Unless you 're planning to put it on your head , it won 't be enough . You 're punishing yourself . I 'm redeemimyself . I have enough blood on my hands . I don 't need yours , as well . What people think of me , but I do care what you think . And after everything you said to me last time , I thought - - Howard , I was angry . That doesn 't mean I want you to die . Well , that makes two of us . But you know and I know that this is my fault . General mcginnis stole midnight oil He is at fault . Can you not see that ? I need to fix this . Otherwise , I won 't be able to live with myself . You 're mad . As a hatter . [ scoffs ] After a thorough investigation , we have concluded That howard stark is innocent Of the theft and sale of weapons to foreign enemies . All charges against mr . Stark have been dropped . [ camera shutters clicking ] we owe mr . Stark A tremendous debt of gratitude , and his assistance In our current investigation is invaluable . " hero . " [ clears throat ] " he is a hero . " He is ... A hero for all americans . Are the rooftops covered , agent comden ? Mr. Stark will be working in concert with the ssr ... Comden : All clear . They 're here somewhere . ... To bring those responsible for this crime ... I know it . ... To justice . " humbled by his genius . " No . No . " brilliance . " " humbled by his brilliance . " Hmm . We are humbled . Man : Mr. Stark , have all your weapons been recovered ? Is it true that you were hiding At the residence of barbara stanwyck ? For too long now , the name howard stark Has been dragged through the mud . Today is a day of reckoning for anyone who doubts - - [ gunshot ] get down ! [ indistinct shouting ] Who 's got eyes on the shooter ? Get him out of here . Police car in the back alley . This way . Go ! [ gunshot ] [ woman screams ] They 're shooting from the hotel . See ? Told you it was a great idea . Your genius knows no bounds , sir . Take us to the ssr , officer . [ tires squeal ] Oh , no . Listen , buddy , stop the car . Dr. Fennhoff would like to see you . [ police radio chatter ] [ panting ] agent ! Where 's stark ? He 's been taken . [ clicking ] Where are they ? [ click ] This rifle was rigged to fire itself . They 're long gone . Strange . What 's that ? Either dottie 's a terrible shot , Or this gun was never supposed to kill howard . It 's aimed well above the podium . It was a diversion . Diversion from what ? [ static ] sousa : All agents , stark 's been grabbed . Apb is being issued . He 's in a police car heading west . Oh . Whatever fennhoff is paying you , I can double it . You like cars ? Yeah , I like cars . You know , I got a fleet of cadillacs . You can take your pick . Take two . All right . You see this piece of paper ? It 's rosalind russell 's private number . That is absolutely my final offer . So , now we got to tell the whole world we 're chumps . They 've been planning this whole thing since the beginning . Kidnapping howard couldn 't have been They didn 't know he was here until the press conference . So if they don 't want him dead , what do they want ? [ siren wails ] howard said fennhoff wants to punish him . Whatever they 've planned , it must be a fate worse than death . We need to determine what his next target is . The movie house was a test . So they got to be planning something bigger . Statue of liberty ? Empire state ? What day is it ? May 8th . V.E. Day . They 're going to hit times square . [ tires screech ] [ car door closes ] Car 's near 42nd and 9th . No stark . Dispatcher : 42nd and 9th , copy . This isn 't good . No , it isn 't . [ indistinct conversations ] I know I should be afraid for my life , But there 's just something about you that puts me at ease . Must be those eyes . You don 't remember me , do you ? Should I ? You and I spent a nice weekend together Not too long ago . Is it alice ? Forcing a man matching stark 's description Into the back of a black sedan . They were last seen heading west towards lincoln tunnel . I radioed their descriptions to port authority - - See if we can snag them at the tolls . They 're trying to leave the city . Why ? Maybe we were wrong about the target . Trying to call off the v.E. Day celebration . Already 100,000 people packed into times square . We won 't have enough time to evacuate . He could have stashed those canisters anywhere . The gas was designed to be deployed by air . Thompson : Which is why we shut down all the airports ... Sousa : And every private airfield in the area . I think I know where dr . Fennhoff is headed . Where ? If his intention Is to place blame for the attack on mr . Stark , Would it not be most effective To use one of mr . Stark 's own planes ? He can 't . We confiscated them all . Not all . Hmm ? There is another vault ... Considerably larger than the first . Dottie : Howard , I can 't see a thing . Howard . [ gasps ] Is all this yours ? Every one of them . You want to go for a ride ? I think you 've had a few too many martinis You 'll be perfectly safe . Hmm . Three of them fly themselves . I like a man with a vault full of toys . Well , you should see what I got at home . [ grunts ] Wait . [ breathing heavily ] don 't tell me . Is it lorraine ? [ grunts ] All right . It 'll come to me . The great howard stark . I have heard much of your genius . It is a shame that you put your gifts Towards creating such horrible weapons . Midnight oil was not supposed to be a weapon , dr . Fennhoff . Should never have been used . And yet , it only exists because of you . Do you know what your creation does ? I saw it ... Afterwards . And I saw it while it happened . I was only spared Because I had a gas mask to protect myself . My comrades were not so lucky . My brother wasn 't so lucky . When I found him , he had no eyes . Pieces of his flesh had been bitten off . Can you imagine this ? I am sorry . You have no idea how sorry I am . Since that day , I have thought of you often . In fact , you have been my singular focus . Look , if you 're gonna kill me ... Go ahead . I probably deserve it , but ... [ sighs ] ... Leave innocent people out of it . I have no intention of killing you , mr . Stark . I am going to make you suffer . Please . Please don 't do this . You feel guilt ? Remorse ? Yes , of course , I do . I imagine you have done many things in your life That you regret . Hmm . Cannot allow kindness and empathy to cloud his vision . [ sighs ] I am not a bad person . Yes . Yes , you are . It is the only way to achieve such remarkable success . Others have paid the price . [ chuckles ] you have paid the price , as well . Your guilt eats you , Destroys you from the inside out . Yes . Yes . Focus . There may still be a way to atone for your sins . Simply focus . Go back in your mind To a time and a place that holds your greatest shame , And simply focus . What would you change if you could ? Man : Mr. Stark ! Mr. Stark , we picked up a signal from the valkyrie . We think it might be rogers . Sir , we found captain america . Carter : Howard . Peg , is this real ? Bring him home . [ engine turns over ] [ tires screech ] Howard ! [ breathing heavily ] How long until he reaches new york ? 12 minutes . Maybe less . Maybe we could talk him down . [ gun cocks ] You think he 'd listen ? Chief did . [ sighs ] radio room ? Second floor of the hangar . I need someone to take one of those planes up . Why ? Shoot him down with a plane full of poisonous gas ? You 'd have to do it over the water Before he reaches land . Geez . Well , I-I 'm not your guy . I never flown a plane before . Likewise . Jarvis : I have . Mr. Jarvis , I cannot ask this of you . Mr. Stark would want to be stopped By any means possible . We have little time . Help him get off the ground . [ indistinct radio chatter ] Stark : Signal is still holding strong . Changing course to bearing 2-6-9 . Focus , howard . You 're doing very well . Hands up . Ah , ah , ah , ah . Lose the gun . [ gun thuds ] Move away from the radio slowly . Peggy , it 's so swell to see you . Isn 't this fun ? [ engine turns over ] Full tank of gas , plenty of ammo - - You 're good to go . Excellent . Let 's go ! Jarvis , if you don 't leave now , don 't bother ! Look , I 've flown planes before . I 've just never shot a man down . If carter finds this guy , You 'll never have to fire a shot . Let 's pray you 're right , agent thompson . [ indistinct radio chatter ] Excellent . Focus . Howard ! Howard , it isn 't real ! [ panting ] Go . I used to be so jealous of girls like you . I would have done anything To walk like you , to talk like you . But now ... I can be anybody I want . [ grunts ] Oh , I 've got a great idea . Ohh ! Maybe I 'll be an ssr agent next . What do you think of that ? [ panting ] I thought you 'd be better . [ glass shatters ] [ body thuds ] Carter : Fennhoff 's escaped the radio room . We 'll get him . I 'll go around back . Sousa , don 't let him talk . If he talks , you 're dead . You , too , jack . [ gun cocks ] Stark : Dropping to 2,000 feet . Howard , it 's peggy . Peg ! I found his signal ! I 'm almost there . No , you must listen to me . I 'm gonna bring him home , peg . Fennhoff has put this fantasy in your mind . He 's trying to get you to deploy the gas over civilians . Don 't worry about that , peg . There are no civilians where I am . [ metal clatters ] [ metal clatters ] Sousa : Freeze ! Step away from him , or I will shoot ! I am unarmed , agent sousa . Hands up ! Now ! You will not shoot an unarmed man . It is not in your nature . Unlike agent thompson here , you are virtuous man . [ sighs ] The war has damaged us all , has it not , agent sousa ? We will never be the men we once were . I 'm not listening to you . I have treated many injured soldiers , agent sousa , Helped them to overcome their pain . All you have to do is focus . Focus on your pain . [ click ] howard , can you hear me ? You must come back . I know this sounds crazy , But that - - that guy , fennhoff , He actually helped me . He - - he showed me how to do this . I 'm bringing cap back , peg . The men that you work with , They see you as broken - - half a man . And agent carter - - I see how you look at her , But she will never value you for the man that you are . How can she ? She feels only pity . But we can change all that if you just focus . Point your weapon at agent thompson And pull the trigger . Sousa ... Look at me . Don 't listen to him . Excellent . Focus . Shoot him . No . You snap out of it ! [ grunts ] Was he saying something ? You son of a bitch . [ laughs ] Howard , turn the plane around . Come back , and we 'll talk about it . I can 't do that . Done talking . [ exhales sharply ] n-no - - wait . Jarvis : Miss carter ? Miss carter , I have mr . Stark 's plane in my sights . We are one mile from land . Miss carter , should I take the shot ? Miss carter ! Miss carter ! Can you hear me ? ! Miss carter ! Please ! Answer me ! No , I need more time . We don 't have more time ! Do not take the shot until I tell you , mr . Jarvis ! [ click ] howard . Howard , steve is gone . He died over a year ago . There 's something up ahead . It 's him ! You don 't have to fix anything . Peg , all I 've done my whole life is create destruction . Project rebirth was ... He was the one thing I 've done ... That brought good into this world . [ click ] [ voice breaking ] howard ... I know you loved him . I loved him , too . But this won 't bring him back . Howard , you are the one person on this earth I cannot lose you . [ inhales sharply ] Steve is gone . We have to move on - - all of us . As impossible as that may sound , we have to let him go . [ sniffles ] Peg ? He was good before I got ahold of him , huh ? Yes . Y-yes , he w- - he was . [ sighs ] where are you ? Evidently , flying a plane ... To manhattan . I guess you can explain that to me once I land . [ click ] mr . Jarvis , he 's all right . Stand down . Thank goodness . Tell mr . Stark to follow me back . [ sniffles , sighs ] I 'll bring him home . You were gonna shoot me out of the sky ? Well , I thought that was what you would have wanted . No ! No , it 's not . And for future reference , under no circumstance Would I want anyone to shoot or otherwise hurt me . You got that ? Your point is amply made , sir . Aw , you 're all right , jarvis . As are you , sir . I owe you another one , pal . To be honest , I 've stopped counting , howard . [ chuckles ] What are we gonna do about this guy ? I suggest we put him in the trunk Until we can find a permanent way Of preventing him from speaking . What about miss underwood ? I 'm afraid dottie escaped . I 'd wager we haven 't seen the last of her . [ chuckles ] Ida . [ chuckles ] That 's her name . I knew I 'd remember . Steel trap . [ elevator bell dings ] Good work , carter . Nice job . Well ... Good morning , peggy . Mm-hmm . You 're here bright and early . I assume that means you 'll be staying with the ssr . Haven 't decided , actually . I just came to pick up my paycheck . Well , we 'll keep the desk for you , just in case . Mm-hmm . She 'll be back . Which one of you fellas is jack thompson ? That 's me . Walt cooper , United States senate . Walt . I just wanted to come down here and personally commend you For the fine work you and your team did . An attack on times square could have been a calamity , And what I hear is that you saved thousands of lives . The city and the country owe you a great debt . We need more men like jack thompson Fighting for freedom and security . You 're all lucky that you work for him . I just did what needed to be done . Yeah . [ chuckles ] You play your cards right , son , And you could get a congressional honor Out of this situation . The president wants to thank you himself . [ scoffs ] maybe next time , I 'll vote from him . Come on into my office . Cooper : Thank you . How can you just sit there and take that ? Daniel . I 'm gonna tell that senator what really happened . Hell , I 'll tell truman himself . It really doesn 't bother me . Well , it bothers the hell out of me . I saved that jerk 's life . I don 't need a congressional honor . I don 't need agent thompson 's approval or the president 's . Anyone else 's opinion doesn 't really matter . [ scoffs ] Uh , hey , I was gonna ... Grab a drink . Right at this moment ? It 's 9 : 00 in the morning . No , no . After I clock out . Oh . Want to join me ? Uh ... Maybe another time , all right ? I-I 've got to meet a friend . Sure . Sure thing . Yeah . [ clears throat ] Another time . Oh , my god . You 're kiddin ' me . I know what you 're thinking , miss martinelli , and , yes . The drawing room has recently been refurbished In the neoclassical style . On the small side , isn 't it ? Well , it is one of mr . Stark 's quainter residences , yes . You could fit the entire apartment where I grew up In this room . Six bedrooms , eight bathrooms , A rooftop terrace for al fresco dining , And the library has a ... Sufficient collection of first editions . And you 're saying we can stay here for free ? Since the unfortunate incidents At both your home and place of work , Mr. Stark has offered this residence To you and miss carter for as long as you might require it . It 's a bit far from the theater district . I 'll live with it . You got a phone ? I have to call my mother . Naturally . There 's a telephone in every room . Oh , my god ! Are you kiddin ' me ? ! How refreshing To meet someone who appreciates the finer things . I appreciate the finer things . I just don 't want to know what 's happened In and on the fine things . [ clears throat ] I imagine you 're looking forward to some peace and quiet . At the very least , having both feet on the ground . Yes , I 've allowed several of my duties To fall by the wayside of late . My next project is - - is quite engrossing - - A complete and total overhaul of the kitchen spices . Mm , fascinating ! But should you again find yourself in need of my services , I would be honored to assist you At a moment 's notice , miss carter . Thank you , mr . Jarvis . Uh , w-where is howard ? I haven 't heard from him . Presently attempting to negotiate The return of his property from the ssr . Well , let 's hope next time he builds a better vault . Actually , he 's decided to destroy everything . Really ? Well , that surprises me . He continues to believe That no government - - even our own - - Can be trusted with those particular inventions . Especially ... This . Howard is giving me this ? He is under the impression That the sample of captain america 's blood Was lost when he was under dr . Fennhoff 's control . So you are giving me this . I owe howard stark a great deal , But he does not own my integrity . I am quite certain there is only one person in the world Who knows what to do with this - - You , miss carter . [ bing crosby 's " the way you look tonight " plays ] Dixie : ♪ someday , when I 'm awfully low ♪ ♪ when the world is cold ♪ I will feel a glow just thinking of you ♪ ♪ and the way you look tonight ♪ Bing : ♪ oh , but you 're lovely ♪ with your smile so warm ♪ ♪ and your cheeks so soft ♪ ♪ there is nothing for me ♪ ♪ but to love you bye , my darling . Both : ♪ just the way you look tonight ♪ [ keys jingle ] What did you say ? I can 't hear you . You 're gonna have to speak up . [ chuckles ] Man : [ european accent ] don 't despair , friend . The food here is actually quite good . Hmm . A minor consolation , I know . You had a vision , and it didn 't come to pass . What is the point of anything now ? But given time and a bit of quiet , New visions will arise . I am familiar with your work On matters of the mind , herr doktor . It would give me great pleasure to hear your thoughts on this . Perhaps there is another way for us to collaborate . I know things seem bleak , But you are , in fact , a fortunate man . You 're imprisoned , yes , but it is an american prison . And america ... Is the land of opportunity .
