 Coulson : Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... HYDRA grows stronger every day while S.H.I.E.L.D. clings desperately to a world it no longer understands . - Why not lead ? - My time will come . Tell me what happened to my mom . The Doctor : Your mother was special because she had a gift . Whitehall cut her to pieces . I 'm gonna kill the man who destroyed my life . [ groans ] You killed him ! He was mine ! Raina : We 're human , Skye . We just have the potential to be more . Man : There 's someone new . Tell the others I 'm on it . Skye : Trip ! Raina : We finally get to find out what we become . The Doctor : After you change , no one else will understand . They 'll be afraid . Change is terrifying . 2x11 - " Aftershocks " Gordon : Aah ! Aah ! [ screaming , electricity crackling ] [ body thuds ] Poor thing . How long since he passed through the mist ? 14 hours since terrigenesis . - He 's very emotional , Jiaying . - I can see . Leave us . [ groaning ] Gordon ? - Gordon , it 's me . - Jiaying ? Help . - I can 't ... I can 't see . - Shh . - What 's happened to me ? - It 's all right . Take a breath , Gordon . [ voice breaking ] Help me , please . That 's why I 'm here . Can you follow my voice ? Take my hand . [ breathing heavily ] It 's okay . Come on . Aah ! [ electricity crackles ] It 's okay . [ body thuds ] I 'm right here . [ breathing heavily ] Come on . Almost . [ sighs ] [ sniffles ] It 's gonna be okay , beautiful . I 'll show you the way . [ sobs ] Go ahead . Let it out . - It 's okay to cry , Gordon . - I 'm trying . But ... But I can 't . We prepared for this his whole life , readying him for whatever may come . Every cell within him has changed , in his body and his mind . It 's terrifying . But he 's the ideal age ... old enough to understand , young enough to adapt . He 'll be fine . It 's a blessing you age so slowly , Jiaying , able to counsel so many generations through the change . I won 't live forever , Yat-Sen . Well , even with the years of preparation , without your warmth to guide them through their transformations , these poor souls ... Jiaying : They would be lost . _ [ rumbling ] I haven 't been able to sleep , either . I keep thinking Trip is gonna come see me , make fun of me for being stuck in quarantine , call me a goldfish or a hamster or something . And every time I wake up ... [ voice breaking ] I remember all over again . I just can 't believe he 's not coming back . He should not have been down there . You both went in for a good reason . To prevent HYDRA from starting a cataclysm . - He was trying to save me . - He may have saved all of us . The Obelisk triggered a massive earthquake . Imagine how much worse it could have been if he hadn 't destroyed it . He died a hero . Once medical clears you , we 'll get you out of there . You 'll just be stuck underground , like the rest of us . How 's everyone doing ? Just trying to keep busy . Everyone deals with it in their own way . [ grunting ] When you sign up for this kind of life , you accept that loss will be part of it , but you never get used to losing one of your own , especially when it 's ... a good man like Trip . It happens too much . And over time , it makes it harder to let people in . Sometimes , just makes you want to pack up and run . Skye : Is that what you want to do ... run ? Sometimes . You ? [ sniffles ] Couldn 't even if I tried . [ sighs ] [ sniffles ] How long did it take for Mack to get out of quarantine ? He cleared pretty quickly . Whatever took over his system is gone , but he 's pretty shaken up . - And Simmons ... is she back ? - Not yet . She has a team documenting whatever they can in the tunnels , cleaning up , but it 's slow going with no electricity . Be careful with that . [ breathes shakily ] This area is finished . She 'll assess the structural integrity of the place and , if possible , blow one of the vertical shafts under the ocean floor , flood the city with water . And drown it for good . Hopefully , the bedrock wasn 't too badly damaged by the quake . The temple collapsed on itself . It 's a miracle you 're still alive . Did you find Raina 's body yet ? There 's a lot of rubble to dig through , but not yet . Whatever gas came out of that Obelisk hit you , too . That 's why we 're being extra cautious . It 's hard to make sense of all this . What ? No , it ... No , it isn 't . We lost . - We failed . - Skye , don 't say that . It wasn 't because of HYDRA . It was because of me . - Don 't blame yourself . - If I didn 't go down there , you could have blown the place ! - That was one battle . This is a war . - And Ward and my father ... - The rotten core - Skye ... - at the center of everything ! - We did not fail ! Trip prevented a disaster , and Whitehall 's dead . We cut off the head . And while HYDRA scrambles for a new one , I will crush them ! I 'm gonna make somebody pay ... whoever the hell it is . List : Thank you , Mr. Bloom , for hosting . I regret that our biannual gathering has turned into a vigil . Daniel Whitehall has joined our founder in the afterlife . How unfortunate . I admired the man 's commitment . - I was never fond of him . - We must not speak ill of the dead . Why ? What 's he going to do about it ? What this means is that there is a vacancy at a management position in this region of the world . And who would you like to see fill it , Dr. List ? Baron von Strucker thought that Sunil Bakshi was well-groomed to serve in that capacity , - so why is he not present ? - He 's disappeared . We think he may have been captured by S.H.I.E.L.D. Then in all likelihood , he 's dead , too , if he did his duty . You underestimate S.H.I.E.L.D ... constantly , it would seem . Von Strucker would like this mistake to stop happening , so I 'm going to make it simple ... S.H.I.E.L.D. will take this victory - as a chance to move against us . - Come aboveground . Whomever can remove S.H.I.E.L.D. from the landscape permanently will win Whitehall 's position . Does that sound fair ? Meanwhile , I intend to find out if Whitehall 's obsession with arcane artifacts was fruitless or if , indeed , it did produce something that we at HYDRA can use for our future . [ gasps ] No , no , no ! Aaah ! [ fabric tears ] [ squelching ] These are the last sections , ma 'am . [ sighs ] Same conclusion ... cavities are carved from lava rock . Therefore , these walls are not load-bearing . Alien stone lining to create electromagnetic flux field ... at least , I imagine . I can 't measure the bloody thing without electronic equipment . I could spend a year down here answering these questions . Photograph it , mark it off , - and let 's flood this cursed place . - Yes , ma 'am . Aah ! [ grunting ] [ breathing heavily ] [ gasps ] No . [ gunshots ] [ gasps ] Hey . Quarantine survival kit . Got a deck of cards for solitaire , bag of homemade trail mix if you want to eat healthy , a couple candy bars if not , headphones , a few trashy magazines . Cactus cooler . I keep a stash . I mean , you can only get it in California ... it 's the best . Anyway ... I 've been in quarantine before , and I know it can drive you absolutely nuts . Thanks . - I was beginning to feel like a leper . - Are you kidding ? You managed to be taken hostage by three known murderers , you gunned Ward down , then were blasted by an alien chemical weapon and walked out unscathed . Leper ? I think you 're a rock star . Staring off into space there , turbo . Uh , i-it 's Skye 's bio-meter watch . It was damaged in the cave-in . - Records her heart rate ? - And skin temp ... lots of data . If I can fix it , I might be able to get a better , uh , like a ... a snapshot of what happened down there . [ sighs ] Can 't make any sense of it just now , anyway . The ... data in my brain is jumbled today . I 'll get my small electronics kit . You know , you can start tinkering . You know , working with my hands always cleared my head . - How is it ... your head , since ... - I told you . It 's not gonna help to give you a play-by-play . I 've never known you to be afraid to talk about anything . Yeah , well , you didn 't feel it . - And I can 't describe it , so ... - Well , it 's not good to keep things to yourself , Mack . I know what you 're going through . Really ? You know what it 's like to lose control , to be trapped inside your own body , unable to tell it what to do , to watch yourself hurt the people that you care about ? ! Yeah . [ sighs ] - I 'm sorry , buddy . - It 's okay . I 'm a little on edge . I guess I ... [ sighs ] I need to keep myself busy . Hey , can you request access to the schematics of the base ? I want to double-check the ventilation systems and make sure the quarantine is fully isolated . I don 't want anyone else falling prey to this alien crap . Coulson : How many victims were there ? Simmons : Two dead , three in critical condition . May : How did Raina do this ? She had no weapon . She was covered in thorns . It 's hard to comprehend . I shot her a few times . - Good . - Simmons : But none a fatal hit , it seems . I did manage to gather some tissue from the ground ... blood and such . How long till you can blow the shaft on the ocean floor ? We 're preparing the charges now . That place will be underwater and sealed up for good . Sir , as much as I 'd like to join the manhunt for Raina , I 'd much rather come back to H.Q. , see ... everyone , to study Raina 's tissue and check on Skye . - Whatever transformed Raina ... - She was exposed , as well . We have enough boots on the ground in Puerto Rico to hunt down Raina . Come home , Jemma . [ telephone beeps ] Gather everyone . We 're going after HYDRA now . With a prisoner exchange ? Using Bakshi out in the open like that ... it 's a dangerous strategy , sir . I know it 's high-risk , but we have a small window to take advantage of HYDRA 's lack of leadership . - It puts us out on a limb . - With a chance to deliver a crushing blow to those responsible for Trip 's death . - I 'll take it . - Responsible , huh ? You have something to say , Mack ? - Plenty , but I 'll keep it to myself . - Don 't mind him . He 's just coming down from the worst alien acid trip of all time . - That 's not funny . - Just trying to lighten the mood , mate . Yeah , well , Mack didn 't ask for what happened to him . - Of course not . - No one asked for any of this to happen . HYDRA forced our hand , and now Coulson plans to force theirs . Did they ? Did HYDRA force our hand ? - Calm down , Mack . - Repeatedly , but we have a chance here ... Or did we hand them detailed plans and the location of that city ? HYDRA took them when they took Skye . Are you saying we shouldn 't have gone in to save her ? I 'm saying there wouldn 't have been anything to take if you and Skye hadn 't been obsessed with the alien messages in your damn head . - All right , let 's just all ... - This isn 't about blame . - Watch yourself , Mack . - No one would have left Skye there . - That 's not what he 's saying . - I shouldn 't have to ask any - of you to save one of our own . - You never ask ! You just give your orders , no matter how cracked out they are ! Mack , you 'd do well to remember your rank right now . Really ? Rank at a time like this ? - Why don 't you shove rank up your ... - Not helping , Hunter . - Guys , stop . - No , it 's cathartic . Do you have any thoughts of your own on it , - Or do you just parrot his ? - May : Coulson 's only trying to stop HYDRA . Mack : We didn 't stop anything ! We unleashed something on the planet ! - Please . - Fitz : No one knows what happened yet . [ clattering , monitors beeping ] Trip averted disaster . - It could have been a lot worse ! - Mack : And Skye barely made it out alive ! Thanks to Trip ... he sacrificed his life , Mack ! No , he traded his life for hers ! And then he was shattered into a thousand pieces ! That 's enough ! [ beeping , clattering stop ] If Trip was here , he wouldn 't be arguing . He wouldn 't be bitching . He would be gearing up to do what needs to be done . Yes , we 're dealing with forces we don 't understand , but HYDRA I do understand . I want everyone ready when the sun comes up ... end of discussion . [ door closes ] Coulson : Hope you 're feeling better this morning , Mr. Bakshi , because you have a date with the U.S. government . Smile . There he is , general . Sunil Bakshi ... the man tied to the Navy wedding massacre , the U.N. attack , and who tried to kill you , Coulson . While dressed up as you , sir . Safe to say , I 'm not a fan . Perfect . I 'll trade him to you to add to your collection . All I ask is your assistance in handling ... Remaining HYDRA forces . I understand the idea , Coulson , and in this case , I 'm not against it . Thank you , sir . [ device beeps ] Go ahead . You agree with the rest of the team . You 're concerned we 're out in the open . More that we contacted the U.S. government . I think Talbot 's on the level . I 'm not worried about Talbot , but around him ? There are security leaks everywhere . And with Whitehall dead , Bakshi may be even more valuable . I 'm well-aware , but without - Talbot in our corner ... - I know . Without him , we 'll never have a chance to get the upper ... [ tires screeching ] [ grunting ] Move up ! Hit them ! [ gunshots ] Go ! [ tires screech ] [ device beeping ] [ explosions ] [ gunshots ] I count four left . - You know what that means . - Not really . [ grunts ] That 's what it means ... means I 'm gonna do that . - Good to know . - More will be coming . They must have intercepted our transmissions . - [ sighs ] Talbot . - Come on . Get out of there . [ grunts ] Seems you underestimated us again . Underestimated how desperate they must be if you 're this important to them now . [ gunshots ] No ! You 'll never take us alive ! [ gunshots ] The S.U.V. ' s still running , so get in ! - Whitehall is truly dead ? - Yeah . Then did Mr. Bloom set up the rescue ? - I 'm just the driver . - Who do you take orders from ? [ sighs ] [ American accent ] I guess I take orders from you now , sir . Man : Clear ! [ sighs ] " You 'll never take us alive ! " ? Really ? A little over the top , don 't you think ? Coulson : I only had a day to come up with this whole thing . Besides , if I let you write the script , no one would say anything . [ engine turns over ] Well , Bakshi has a flair for the dramatic . Let 's just hope he bought ours . Word is , Coulson 's mad plan worked . Bakshi took the bait . How 's the watchmaker project coming along ? Looks like it took precise work . Your hands are getting better . [ sighs ] Well , my head 's getting worse . [ metal thuds ] I 'm totally confused by what I 'm seeing . Turns out the electronics weren 't crushed like I thought ... Well , they were , but from the inside out or something . Well , can you fix it ? Get a look at Skye 's biological data ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . No , I , um ... yeah , I can . I think so . I won 't know what half of it means until Simmons gets back , anyway . [ machinery whirring ] They 're landing now . Is every radioshack a HYDRA outpost ? I always suspected . [ ringing ] - This is lighthouse . - This is warship . I 'm free . - Ah , Mr. Bakshi , very good news . - But we have a situation . Well , perhaps you 'd better come in . - I 'm a few hours out . - See you then . [ gun cocks ] Don 't take that gun from your belt . - This will be painless . - Whoa ! Whoa , whoa ! What the hell ? ! Sorry . I like you , but once you made contact , - my orders were to take you out . - Why ? My employers don 't want you , Whitehall , or your phone-a-friend to get in their way . - Sorry about this . - W-W-Wait , p-please . I 'll triple whatever you 're being paid . Mm , I 'm getting paid by a bunch of people . - That 'll start to add up . - They 're moving against us . They want you out of the picture . If it 's not me , it 'll be someone else . Please . Money is not a question . If you can protect me and see me safely to Bloom , not only will you be financially set for life , but you will also solidify your standing with the true heads of HYDRA . The money will be there ! I swear it ! I-If not , I 'll pull the trigger myself . Okay . [ breathing shakily ] Get in . Simmons : Thank goodness nothing bad happened to you . Wouldn 't want you to have to stay in there forever . Raina ... she was unrecognizable . It was insane , and not just from the outside . Look ... we separated her DNA and mapped it using gel electrophoresis . Her DNA didn 't just rearrange ... it contains extra macromolecules . I wouldn 't think that even possible . - That 's amazing . - It 's horrific ! We need to make sure that you 're not contaminated or infected in any way . - What 's the worst that could happen ? - An epidemic . - That 's a pretty harsh conclusion . - Well , and I feel responsible . We all do . There 's nothing you could have done . Yes , there was . [ sighs ] I was so curious about powers , about unearthly biology , wondering where it might lead , hoping to better understand it , control it . I should have been trying to terminate it , - erase it from existence . - What ? You ... You 've helped plenty of people with powers . It 's ... It 's part of the world that we live in . It 's a plague , Skye ... all of it . It only ever brings us death . Donnie Gill , Chan Ho Yin , Creel ... the list keeps growing . Not the Avengers ... they 're not ... The Avengers wouldn 't have been necessary - if we hadn 't unleashed alien horrors . - There must be another ... [ voice breaking ] Trip was in fragments ! - I know . - Well ... it ends with him . Flooding the alien city may be the first responsible thing I 've done to protect the people I care about . I 'll check these samples and ... and compare them to samples of your blood we had from before , - just to be safe . - Okay . Just to be safe . [ horn blows , birds calling ] Don 't worry . I 'll stay out of sight . Cool as a cucumber , quiet as a mouse . I don 't want any trouble . It 's exactly the way we traveled the world all those years , searching for answers . I knew I 'd find you here . - Raina . - After all that time , I didn 't quite get the answers I was searching for . I 'm sorry you didn 't find your way to the temple . - You didn 't get to evolve . - Oh , I evolved . [ grunts ] What the hell have I become ? ! - Raina , let 's not lose our heads . - What happened to me ? Metamorphosis , by the look of it . I was supposed to become something divine , something transcendent . My grandmother said I 'd be an angel , not some gnarled freak of nature covered in thorns . You always did like flowers . [ grunts ] They hurt , and it 's your fault . You wanted this more than anything . But your thankless daughter was there . She received the gift meant for me ... came through the mist as beautiful as ever ! What ? What ? What ? You mean Daisy was there , too ? Oh . She emerged from the chrysalis ? Yes . And that bitch took what was mine ! [ grunts ] We all have our disappointments . Ah , god . I dreamt of the perfect reunion with my baby girl , revenge for my wife . Coulson rained all over my parades . But you say she 's done it ... she 's changed . [ laughs ] Oh ! That 's fantastic news . Oh , she 's gonna be so mixed up now ... oh , terribly afraid . She didn 't have your mental preparation . She probably ran right back to Coulson 's arms . It 's the worst possible place for her to be ! He 'll put her on the index , tag her like a shark . She 'll come to me when she sees how they treat those particular individuals . It 'll never happen . She 'll never love you , you stupid man . The index ... I should reconnect with some of them , wreak a little havoc , ruin that man and his dumb suit , remind Daisy where she really belongs . She may not love me now , but she needs me . What about me ? You ... you have to help me . I did . We helped each other , achieved our goals . You 're on your own now . You ... You have to find a way to fix this . There 's no fix . There 's no reverse . It 's your lifelong dream . It 's lifelong . I can 't live like this . My insides feel like gravel . I cut myself when I move . [ crying ] I can 't live as this repulsive creature . Then don 't . Bakshi : Pull up over there . That 's a pretty big fence for protecting some grapes . Mr. Bloom doesn 't appreciate unannounced guests . Once inside , I 'll send for you . [ gate whirring ] I canvassed the area , stashed the bike . We 're good here . Your presence is most welcome . Drop the accent . It makes you sound like a douche bag . [ normal voice ] Now you know what it feels like for me to live in this country . And we wait . You didn 't really take much of a stand during that awkward family argument back at H.Q. Nobody meant half of what they said . Everyone 's just raw , broken up over Trip . Plus you and Mack have that secret to keep under wraps . This again ? Oh , and now Mack 's in on it . You 're relentless . [ chuckling ] Now I definitely think he is . You and Mack have something up and running , and you avoided backing him in that argument for fear you 'd reveal it . If I 'm wrong , say so , 'cause you haven 't yet . Yeah . We have a secret . I know . We 're in a support group , okay ? [ laughs ] See , this is the reason I didn 't tell you . - Jackass . - I 'm laughing because it 's great . That 's the best thing you could have said . We dedicated our lives to an organization that went to hell . Our friends turned their guns on us . - We needed help coping , Hunter . - And I support it , really . I was afraid you 'd closed off even more . This is actually healthy ... like , emotionally healthy , and that 's not a phrase I ever thought I 'd use to describe you . I 'm happy to hear it , Bob . Good . [ chuckles ] So ... do you guys pass around a talking stick or ... [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] Mack : Thanks for the schematics , sir . Ventilation system 's all good . And , sir ... I want to apologize for my outburst in there . It was uncalled for . I have a little trouble dealing with my anger sometimes . - Join the club . - Mack : Yeah , something I 'm working on , but this alien stuff messed with my head , and , uh ... and losing Trip brought back a lot of hard memories . For all of us . I hope I-I didn 't blow my chance to work on Lola one day . After that little R.C. version you built for me , I 'm genuinely considering it , although I couldn 't figure out how to make it fly . It doesn 't . Sir , I do think Mack brought up a matter we should consider . - I 'm all ears . - I 'm aware the team hunting Raina has orders to capture , not kill . - As always . - But this might be some sort of contagion or even a plague inadvertently set loose . Plagues must be understood , yes ... but eventually eradicated . Are you saying that you want to put Raina down , Agent Simmons ? No , of course not , uh ... I 'm just saying that if they have to , it may not be the worst thing . Thank you . They want to kill us ... a power play . The rest are moving against us , Dr. List ... gave the order to wipe us out . But von Strucker and I are not involved , I can assure you . We 're calling because you may be a target . Do you think it 's the baroness ? And the banker and the Sheikh . We can 't have infighting at a time of transition . We agree , and we promise to smooth this over as best as we can . We count on it . [ telephone beeps ] I 'll send word . Oh . There is one other thing . There 's a man outside who 's begging to die . [ dance music playing ] [ music stops ] Hey , Fitz . - What 's wrong ? - Can you tell me ? I fixed your bio-meter watch , checked your vitals at the time of the temple collapse . Your heart rate was recorded at almost ... 300 bpm . [ inhales sharply ] - That 's very fast . - No . That 's inhuman . I thought the readings were a mistake , that I put the thing together wrong . Been struggling to , uh , um ... [ snaps fingers ] something 's wrong with the data in my head . - What are you saying ? - So , I was thinking how the heart monitor seemed to shatter from the inside out , but it was still on your wrist when we found you ... that doesn 't make sense . [ voice breaking ] And how we found you ... basically unharmed in the collapse , with destruction all around you ! [ breathing heavily ] [ sniffles ] [ clattering ] I thought I was losing my mind all over again that there was something wrong . So it took a while to dawn on me ... or maybe I was just afraid to think it ... that ... you survived the destruction because ... you caused it . No . No , no , no . Raina wasn 't the only one changed in there . And I 'm pretty sure the DNA results we 're running right now - are gonna confirm it . - No . No ! There 's nothing wrong with the data in my head , Skye . [ groaning ] There 's something wrong with you . No ! [ electricity crackles ] [ breathing heavily ] [ sobs ] [ breathing heavily ] Aah ! Aah . Aah . - Hey . - Hey . Feeling like you 've been in that glass box your whole life ? - You doing okay ? - Yeah , yeah . I-I just ... I feel isolated and exposed at the same time . Being a caged animal is no fun . It 's for your own good ... temporary . I know . I know . [ sighs deeply ] [ chuckling ] Maybe I just need a hug . I hate seeing everyone fighting . They 're just having a hard time . Yeah , but I 've never seen Coulson like that before . He seemed so ... cutthroat . Yeah , I 've rarely seen him like this myself . For Coulson , Trip was the embodiment of the principles he wants S.H.I.E.L.D. to be built upon ... And that is S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s strength . [ crying ] And Trip 's death reminded Coulson that HYDRA doesn 't have that , and that is their weakness . [ keypad beeps ] [ music ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ elevator bell dings ] I 'll get the next one . [ gunfire ] Hunter : No more waiting . [ computer beeps ] [ whirring , gunfire ] [ engine revs ] Why have we stopped ? [ whirring ] [ coughs ] [ coughs ] [ glass shatters ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ grunts ] Oh ! Ohhh ! Aaah ! [ grunts ] - Coulson . - He knows you too well . He couldn 't get to us , so he had us slaughter each other . Fortunately for you , we already promised you to Talbot . Morse : So you 're perfectly safe . Come on . [ breathing heavily ] Are you bleeding ? Simmons : We should have your DNA results back any minute now . Once we know there 's nothing wrong , we 'll have you out of there . Something 's wrong ? What the hell happened ? Skye ? - [ breathing heavily ] F-Fitz ... - Fitz : Fitz was a klutz again . Uh , she 's cleaning up the mess . Sorry . It was my fault . I knocked over the lamp when I was taking a sample of Skye 's blood with one of those ridiculous hazmat suits on . Uh , I guess my coordination still needs work . But I was anxious to double-check the results . Her DNA is an exact match to what it was before . She 's clear . [ Simmons sighs ] Thank god . [ chuckles ] I 'm gonna call Coulson . He can use the good news . - You all right ? - Yeah . [ footsteps depart ] - Um , Skye is your bunk made ? - Uh , no . No , it 's a mess . Uh , well , maybe you could get her some clean sheets . She should probably sleep . [ sniffles ] Yes . You deserve a good night 's rest . Fitz : Yeah , I mean , I ... and I would do it , but last time I was in there , there was lots of ladies things , and she 's a slob . I 'll help bandage her hands . It was my fault , anyway . Okay . Yeah . What did you just do ? I switched your blood results with your old samples . Give me your hand . [ exhales sharply ] - The new samples are different ? - Drastically . But until everyone around here calms down , I don 't think we should tell anybody [ sniffles ] what with the way Simmons is acting . For now , we should just keep it between us ... keep you safe until we figure it out , okay ? [ sniffles ] [ crying ] - It 's okay . - This is all my fault . - How ? - I could have stopped her . I let ... I let this happen , and I 'm so sorry . - No , it 's okay . - No , everything 's my fault . [ sniffles ] You 're right . There 's something very wrong with me . No , you 're just different now . You 're just different now , and there 's nothing wrong with that . [ sniffles ] [ horns honking ] [ tires screech ] Don 't move . We 're not here to hurt you . We just want to take you in . No . Either you kill me or I make you do it . [ electricity crackles ] It 's okay , beautiful . I 'll show you the way . [ electricity crackles ] We 'll return in a moment . [ car beeping , whirring ] Or that time when Trip tossed me the mag on the burnside raid and it fell down the sewer grate . [ laughter ] Yeah , what did he say again ? [ as Trip ] " Good catch , soccer hands . " Simmons : Did he ever tell you about the time his grandpa took him to grandfather mountain when he - was a child in North Carolina ? - Mnh-mnh . Well , he gets there , and they pull up to the gate , - I have visual confirmation . - and his grandfather ... And then Triplett ... Fury 's toolbox is locked in Coulson 's office . Did you manage to wrangle the blueprints from the base ? Yeah , we 're almost good to go . - Okay , I 'll make contact soon . - [ laughs ] His grandfather comes down ... and he says , " U 'm sorry , grampa . I thought you owned the whole mountain . " [ laughter ] - He 'd be mad I told you that story . - No , he 'd say ... All : " Come on , girl . " [ laughter ] [ sighs ] [ music ] We 're gonna laugh a lot less ... that 's for sure .
