 I , Asseylum Vers Allusia , will take Count Slaine Saazbaum Troyard as my husband , and proclaim that I shall create a new kingdom here in Earthspace . At this time , in spite of the best efforts of you daring and resolute knights , this war is giving every indication that it will become protracted . With matters having come to this , what should our course of action be ? Is this a time for Orbital Knights to squabble among themselves ? Is it a time to squabble over credit ? The time has come for us to gather under one flag and fight together for the future of Vers . I have delegated all of my authority to the lord of this newly repowered castle , as well as my soon-to-be spouse , Count Troyard . This includes the right to decide upon whom to bestow the power to awaken Aldnoah . Until the day comes when we achieve victory in this war , it is my heartfelt wish that you think of Count Troyard 's words as my own and rally to his side . All that we do , we do for Vers ! The battle against Earth continues to prove difficult , I see . Yes , Milord . But to those knights who are anxious regarding this situation , Her Highness 's words must have sounded like a divine revelation . Divine revelation ? Everyone knows that she was only able to issue that proclamation because of you . To the knights who are unhappy about the present state of affairs , they were words from on high . Surely they must feel that someone has appeared who will lead them . You exaggerate . But on the other hand , rebel factions are also certain to appear . There is something that I wish you to do on that score . Make a display of power ? Is that it , Milord ? No , if we engage with such people , we will never see the end of it . Start by rooting out the dangerous elements . We can let the proper authorities take it from there . Milord ? Princess Asseylum 's name will be motivation enough . And it should be simple enough to strip them of their knighthood with some random accusation or other . You do not approve ? You think it too underhanded ? No , Milord . Quite the opposite . It is only natural that you would stop at nothing to achieve your goal . Ever since the announcement , I ... If I may be so bold , you have seemed prepared for the worst . My wish was to be close to Her Highness . My wish was to be worthy of her . And to be of some service to her ... But I ... If power is the only thing that I can win now , then that is ... Is that you , Harklight ? Enter . M-Milord Slaine ... Miss Eddelrittuo ? We are quite satisfied with your ship 's current actions . For the time being , we want you to continue providing unit support as a commando squad . I have no objections to that . But about that proclamation by Princess Asseylum ... That nonsense about founding a new dynasty in Earthspace ? It 's nothing but big talk meant to stir up the Mars Knights . Something along those lines . That might be the case . But perhaps we should consider the possibility that the enemy 's attacks might be about to move to the next level . We 're sitting on our thumbs , doing nothing ? Is that what you are implying ? No , sir . I meant nothing of the sort . As far as new operations go , we are currently coordinating with our primary units . Once that has been finalized , you will be contacted . You might be unhappy with your status as a commando unit , but there is no telling how much faith we can put in a ship that runs on the enemy 's power . Not to put too fine a point on it , but that 's just how it is . I 'm amazed that you sat through that without any outbursts . Did you want me to ? Remember , I 'm only here as your escort . Anyway , I 'm not that naive . They just don 't understand . They probably just don 't know what they 've got . They 're doing the best they can . No . I 'm not griping about how they 're treating the Deucalion . I 've just ... given up on them . On us ? On the Martians . The war 's going in their favor a little bit , and they 're wildly misinterpreting it . That 's terrifying . I will drain the therapeutic fluid and bring Princess Asselyum to my castle . Tell no one of this . Not even Princess Lemrina , of course . - But why not - . - Do as I say ! Forgive me . I did not mean to startle you . No visitors are allowed ? My sister 's condition is that serious ? She ... Perhaps it was a miracle that she held on for this long . How much time does she have ? Today ? Tomorrow ? They say that they still do not know . It is just as possible that she will remain in this condition indefinitely . I see ... I can guess what you are feeling . You may have mixed feelings , but she is your only sibling by blood . It is you who are truly sad , aren 't you , Slaine ? I must go . Slaine ... I forgive you , Slaine . Even if you cry in front of me today . Even if you shed tears over her . Because I ... am already yours . Could that have triggered it ? No ... It couldn 't be . I always looked up to you . You had everything that I did not . So I hated you . Still , do not worry , sister . From now on , I will be truly be your substitute and I will be Slaine 's support ! Why ... ? What 's up with that ? Does that mean she got ditched here ? " The captain left me in charge because she trusts me . " That 's what she said , but Cdr . Mizusaki has got to be devastated . Why did she pick Lt. Marito of all people as her traveling companion ? Companion ? Escort , more like . What 's this about Lt. Marito ? No , um ... It 's just that he accompanied the captain to the conference , so I thought it might be serious . Ah . With that Martian proclamation and all , the situation is definitely changing . I can 't believe that the princess is getting married ... That 's what you 're interested in ? No , but look ... Isn 't it possible that her change of heart was because someone around her felt that way ? Like , she was seduced by him or something ? Sorry . But we 're still not 100 % sure that the Princess Asseylum who said that was the princess who spent time with us , right ? I honestly can 't say . Inaho insists that she is an imposter , but there 's no telling just how much he can see . Have you eaten ? In a bit . Let me find a good place to leave off . You 've been this way since we were little . When you 're into something , everything else fades away . Here . Thanks , Yuki . You 've heard , right ? About Asseylum 's , uh ... Yeah . That proclamation seemed to prove everything you 've been saying . It all seems a little too convenient , and if that really were the genuine Princess Asseylum , would she think of a founding a kingdom in Earthspace ? Slaine Troyard . That douchebag who shot my dear little brother ? Thanks . But watch your language , Yuki . It doesn 't matter if she 's real or not anymore . I don 't think anyone would bother to listen to her . Even if she tried to broker a peace between Earth and Mars again . About the attack on Earth , Milord , if there are no problems , I will get preparations underway . Milord Slaine ? I 'm listening . Proceed as planned . Yes , Milord . Her Highness has yet to - . She will wake up soon . I know it . I eagerly await that day , Milord . But ... tragedies do happen . Milord ? It 's nothing . Has there been any change ? No . They believe that she might remain in this condition for some time . We will wait as long as it takes . We are used to waiting . I bet that she will be surprised , waking up to find that everything has changed . Will I ... Will I seem different to her as well ? She will think that you have grown into a fine man , I 'm sure of it . I shall return . Milord Slaine ! Rittuo ... Eddelrittuo ... Milady ... I ... She ... She is awake ... Your Highness ! It is me ! It is Slaine ! Do you recognize me ? It 's Slaine , Slaine Troyard ! I am Slaine Troyard ... Your Highness ... Slaine ... Slaine ... Slaine ... Slaine ... Slaine ... Slaine ... Your Highness ! I 've been waiting so long to hear you say my name once again ! Let me begin by saying that I am glad to see you safe , Count Mazuurek . My apologies for causing you to worry , Count Barouhcruz . So , what are your plans ? I have none as yet . I have lost my Kataphraktos , as well . If you wish to ally yourself with Count Troyard , I can act as intermediary . I have heard what happened with Count Marylcian . It must have been most galling . No , both sides fought fairly , and that was the result . There is nothing to hold a grudge over . Count Barouhcruz , Troyard is dangerous . He not only killed Marylcian , there are even suspicions that he also killed Count Saazbaum - . It doesn 't matter who it is . I merely ... But you - . Hold your tongue . How could you let yourself be misled by such unfounded rumors ? You heard Princess Asseylum 's proclamation , I take it ? No one can stop Count Troyard 's rise . Not when he holds all the cards , even Aldnoah activation privileges . As they say , " Do not try to fight an Olympian sandstorm . " If you wish to make a comeback , I suggest you choose wisely . Count Barouhcruz pledges his full and unconditional cooperation . Counts Sebring and Raffia have have yet to make their allegiances clear , but they appear to be amenable to acknowledging the new kingdom . Morale is also on the increase within the base . We have almost finished going through the list of knights who seem likely to oppose you . We are ready to take forceful steps at any time . Milord Slaine ? Is something the matter ? Begging your pardon , Milord , but is it about Princess Asseylum 's recovery ? You want me to give her time off ? Eddelrittuo ? Yes . If only a little while . I 'm sure that Princess Asseylum 's sudden turn came as a blow to her . Yes , I shouldn 't wonder . And how are you taking it , Slaine ? I 've been worried . Thank you for your concern . You are the only person that I can count on now . I will make Vers mine . For Her Highness . Dales Platoon and Orlov Platoon currently marching towards enemy Landing Castle . Clydesdale and Mustang commando platoons , be on alert for the enemy Kataphraktos , and once it 's spotted , go on the offensive immediately and destroy it . They 're lovely . Yes , Lord Slaine had this garden made for you , Milady . Oh , he did ? It looks just like Earth . It does . Are your memories of Earth returning ? Birds ... I was watching birds ... with that boy . Inaho Kaizuka , Milady ? Kaizuka ... ? Is something the matter ? Er , no ... Look , aren 't those flowers lovely , too ? This is Dales Platoon . Currently closing on enemy Landing Castle with Orlov Platoon . Clydesdale Platoon ? Powerful explosive charges are attached to the arrowheads ! Be careful ! Bastard ! Don 't waste your ammunition ! The enemy is cloaked and is fast ! It seems to be using arrows , which is probably to ... Right , muzzle flashes would make it easy to pinpoint its location . This must be to avoid that . Optical camouflage ? Does invisibility technology even ... ? It must be based on ... Anyway , it 's ingenious . There 's nothing on my thermograph , and it 's not casting a shadow . But ... It definitely exists . Yeah . You are giving this to me , Milord ? Customize it however you like . I 've already discussed the matters of your peerage title and activation factor with Princess Lemrina . Milord Slaine ... The arrow has been loosed . There is no turning back now . Yes , Milord ! Count Sebring . Count Raffia . Inform Count Orga . Tell him to swear fealty . Smoke grenades , loading complete . Ready here , too . Fire ! He 's right , it definitely exists . And if it exists ... it will have an effect on air currents ! Target located . Right ! Open fire ! - Lieutenant ! - What is it ? At our 3 o 'clock ! New enemy ! New enemy closing in from dead ahead ! They 're attacking as a team ? From overhead , too ! Incoming ! A Landing Castle ... All units , brace for impact ! Multiple Landing Castles ... Multiple Kataphraktoi ... Simultaneously ! He 's made his move ! It 's him ! Right . It 's too late for doubts now . There is no returning from this place I have come to .
