 Peter : Previously on helix ... ( gasps ) Alan : Do you remember anything from last night ? I was in the lab and then , i was attacked . Alan : There 's no baby . You never wanted a baby in the first place . That 's not true ! Get out , alan , i don 't want to look at you . Please ! I think michael 's going crazy . Where do i find this michael ? Agnes : You told us you were the only one , But i saw her eyes ... Silver . Of all my daughters Always been my favorite . ( neck cracks ) How long have you been working for ilaria . Alan ! You 're not a god , You 're a freak of nature . Wonderful news ! The good doctors from the cdc Have developed a serum to combat the illness Which has been plaguing our fellowship . It 's a thinning to wipe the slate clean and start over . Mass suicide . This crop is rotten , it needs to be plowed under . ( all coughing ) ♪ remember when the aaa ♪ killed a million hogs a day ♪ instead of hogs it 's men today ♪ plow the fourth one under ♪ plow under ♪ plow under ♪ plow under every fourth american boy ♪ they said our agricultural system was about to fall ♪ from washington they sent a call ♪ plow the fourth one under ♪ plow under ♪ plow under ♪ plow under every fourth american boy ♪ the price of cotton wouldn 't rise ♪ they said we 've got to fertilize ♪ so now unless they turn their eyes ♪ plow the fourth one under ♪ Brother michael : Everything that lives must one day fade away . In its place , new roots take hold , New life grows . There may be some impure elements left behind . ( crying ) Some still will remain hidden within the abbey . You want them killed . Purified . Landry : And what about the cdc ? Purify them first ... But bring dr . Jordan to me . ( theme music playing ) ( knocking on door ) Alan : Sarah ! Sarah , open up . ( knocks ) sarah , please ! ( knocking ) sarah ! Sarah , open the door . Look , what happened to you , just ... Sarah , Don 't shut me out , talk to me . Please ! Open the door . Sarah ! ( knocks ) ( sighs ) Get out of my way , i need to get to the lab . You 're not seriously going back to work ! What would you like me to do , Curl up in my bed and cry like a teenager ? We have to get you off this island . I 'm not going anywhere until i find my baby . It 's still alive , alan . I know it is , somehow , i don 't know how , but i know it 's alive . But i 've run every possible prenatal test known to man , My baby is different , okay ... Our baby . Exactly , so you should understand Why i need to know one way or the other . Julia : Day 8 , st . Germain abbey . Still haven 't located the contact , i 'm on my own . Plans to make camp for the night to part at 0600 hours . Potential contact caleb has been there but , he knows nothing . This island is nothing but a grave . ( metal clank in distance ) ( ( metal clank continues ) What happened ? Are they ? Are they all ? The thinning is completed . It was a terrible day , But a necessary one . The children are Always the most difficult . Tiny hands ... A pity they couldn 't be spared ! I 'm sorry you had to go through it alone . It 's not what you were saying yesterday . I 've had time to think , About ann and agnes , And all of my sisters . Each of them had a role As i now have mine . And what is that ? To surpass them . To not just be another portrait on that wall , But to outshine them all . You ... You need a partner by your side . A pillar of strength . Not a sheep to slaughter . Honor me ! Make me the first in a new line . You remind me of abigail , Our first mother . Let me take her place . By your side . In your bed . ( latch clicking ) Since you 've grown to womanhood , I 've so looked forward to our planting ritual . Your mother was a fine And decent woman , But you , With Fire ... ( door opens ) You 're not to come in here . What is this ? Ah ! Were you waiting until i was actually in labor ? What do you think you 're doing ? Get your hands off me ! ( snickers ) i 'm afraid There has been a change of plans . There isn 't going to be a planting ritual today . Or ever . It 's different when it 's murder . I 've dug graves in the most Remote corners of the earth , but this ... ( whispers ) i 'm so sorry . I never thought he 'd go through with this . He won 't get away with it . ( scoffs ) of course he will . Who 's going to stop him ? I have Associates Coming to the island soon . Sarah : Oh my god ! What happened ? What are you doing here ? Kyle : Found him last night . Ann too . They were in some big pit . You son of a bitch ! ( both grunts ) Hey ! ( grunts ) Kyle : Hey ! All right , hey ! All right , knock it off , that 's enough . All right , stop it ! Knock it off ! That 's it , that 's ' enough ! ( machine gun fire ) ( metal dropping on floor ) What the hell is going on ? Secure the exits , i want this entire facility Locked down and no one in or out without my direct orders . Yes , ma 'am . You , with me . Yes , sir . Dr. Farragut ? Lieutenant commander winger . The cdc sent us back for you , you 're being evacuated . Why ? Because this is no longer The only island under quarantine . Pathogen is spreading . Is this all from the pathogen ? It wasn 't the pathogen ... They were murdered . The result of the island 's cult leader Cooling on his followers just like jim jones . We should just go ... Easy , boys ! Hold on . Commander , How is it possible that the pathogen has spread ? You said there were no other islands in the vicinity . Officially , there aren 't , unofficially , A us military radar outpost is located 40 miles to the southwest . They 've lost 75 people Who are getting sick and dying every day . ( sighs ) Must be the bees ! Sarah : Yeah , maybe they got caught In the jetstream and blown down to the islands . Bees ? It 's not confirmed yet , but we think the bees Responsible for spreading the infection . You have more experience with this than anyone on the planet . That 's why my orders are to get you to st . Sebastian asap . Oh , we can 't just run off , we haven 't even contained the pathogen here ! My orders are very clear . Well , i 'm not leaving . Sarah , i 'll handle this . Peter , don 't ... You two ! Sarah , maybe you should go with them , get off the island . Who the hell is this ? He 's no one . This is dr . Alan farragut , One of the top infectious disease specialists in the world . How many dr . Farraguts are there ? He 's my brother . Is he as much of a pain in the ass as you ? ( sighing ) tell me , is the other dr . Farragut As good as dr . Jordan claims he is ? Yeah , yeah , he is . Great , then he 's coming too . I don 't work for the cdc . And i don 't care . I 'm not coming with you . You 're coming . On your own or bound and gagged , Your choice . What about the other survivors , Ann and her people ? There are 2 coastguard cutters a day behind us . They 'll be rounding up any survivors . It 's a mandatory evacuation . The island is being quarantined . No . You can 't . It 's the only way to eliminate the pathogen . St. Germain has been our home for hundreds of years . For most of us , the only home we 've ever known . The dead deserve our respect . I agree . You have 24 hours to give it to them . But ... This isn 't an argument . It 's my call . I won 't be responsible for another narvik . ( sighs ) Dr. Farragut , where do you think you 're going ? If you want to bring my brother along , fine . But right now , i 'm caring for these people , And that 's my call . Ann , wait ! What are you doing , peter ? Don 't abandon your friends for me . Hey ! I went missing for three days And they didn 't make much of an effort to find me . ( both sigh ) Are you okay ? I feel so lost alone . We kept out the outside world for so long , But i was always afraid this day would come . I won 't let them destroy your home . Thank you , peter . Now , i need to go pay respects to our dead . Not alone , you don 't . My friends , They may not care about giving those people A proper burial , But i 'm not like them . ( bell tolling ) How does it feel , choosing another 's path ? You tell me . You 've been doing it for centuries . I 've always enjoyed my unique place in this world . Take agnes , for example , her death was swift and merciful . I saved her from a long and painful decline . Don 't you talk about her . You don 't have that right . Of course i do , I made her and i ended her just as i 'm going to end you . That 's a lot of big talk for a man facing the end of his path . I 'm going to enjoy not having to hear you chirping in my ear , Every day . You say that , But what are you going to do ? What are you going to do , girl ? You want to kill me . I 've lived 500 years . Death waits for me . No matter what you do , I will live forever . Good . I 'm counting on it . Hey ! What happened to you last night ? Are you okay ? I , uh ... I don 't really want to talk about it . Okay . Just glad you 're all in one piece . Doesn 't ... Doesn 't really feel like that . You 'll feel better once we get off this island . Can 't imagine how things could get more insane . ( sighs ) i can . Hmm ! Oh , right , found this old ledger . Some kind of genealogy record dating back to the 1600 's . Here 's the weird part . Look at the father 's name . He 's listed as the father for every child Over the last 400 years . Has to be a mistake . Michel dubois ... It 's michael . Michael couldn 't have fathered every kid in that book ! What if he did and what if it has to do with the pathogen ? Come on , things are intense enough without you screwing with my head . Look , kyle , we really need to talk . About what , a 500 year old man ? This is payback for all the hot zone stuff , right ? How do you expect me to believe that you 're ... Immortal ? It 's okay , you can say it . I understand that this is very difficult to grasp , But what could i possibly gain by lying to you ? That 's what i 'm trying to figure out . Maybe you 're sick ! Paranoid delusions Are a symptom of the pathogen . Preceded by jaundice And fungal nodules , neither of which i have . Come on , this is crazy . What about my foot injury ? You stitched it up yourself , right ? The spike tore through the sesamoid and took a good two inches of skin . It took 18 hours to heal . And my stab wound , You saw how much blood i lost . I had a punctured lung , A lacerated liver . Okay , so you 've got a hell of an immune system , still , It doesn 't prove the other thing . Tell me , kyle , what other reasonable explanation is there for this ? No . No ! There 's no way it can be true ! ( sighs ) Stop screwing around . The honey 's dangerous ! It is , isn 't it ? Highly infectious , crawling with mycotoxins ? Sarah , jesus ! Don 't , that 's suicide ! Delicious . Anne : Brother harris . He cared for the roses . Knew to the day when they would bloom . You say this happened before . Yes . Most recently , about 100 years ago . Then , as now , The fellowship failed . It was michael , wasn 't it ? Even back then ? Yes . But how did you know ? I 've Known quite a few immortals , ann . How many ? At the beginning , There were 500 . We thought he was a god . Never aging , Healing so quickly . He told us he was the only one And we never questioned it . We trusted him . But when agnes saw dr . Jordan 's eyes , She knew . We were such fools ! You had no reason not to believe him . But now , i do . And he 's going to have to answer to me . I 've been wanting to tell you for a while . Why , so my head could explode ? No , i didn 't like lying to you . Like it was difficult for me to accept too , But it 's who i am now . So all the times i was worried sick about you ... It was ... It was very sweet . ( machine gun fire ) ( indistinct screaming ) ( screaming ) Stop it ! Stop shooting ! Stop it ! Winger : Get out of the way , Dr. Farragut ! You tell your men we 're here To cure this pathogen , not murder its victims ! What happened ? Came out of nowhere . He must have been hiding inside the building . No , i saw this man 5 days ago outside this gate . That 's not possible . He chased me and peter , I put 2 bullets in him myself . ( gun shots ) Thought you said they were all dead ? We thought they were . You thought ? I want 2 men on the gates at all times . Soldier : Yes , ma 'am ! We 're getting the hell out of here . No , we can 't leave , we need this mycotic right away . Myc ... What ? No , no more stalling . Finish packing up and let 's go . No . No , sarah 's right , This pathogen kills in two days And this man 's been alive for at least five . So ? So if the mycotics Outside the wall are not dying , We need to figure out why ! This could be the break that leads us to the cure . You really think you have something ? We won 't know until we can do an autopsy . ( sighs ) A " quick " autopsy . We ship out at 1600 . So , is this it , my dear ? Hmm ? Is this your grand plan ? Most of it . And do you think you 've Beaten me ? You 've imprisoned the king , Congratulations ! That would make you the queen of nothing ! ( chuckles ) This coming from a man who just killed his children . Yes , yes ... Yes , i 've killed , 1,000 of my children . And i will create 1,000 more And kill them all over again . Children Are simply wisps of dandelions . Such bravado For a man who stayed hidden on an island his entire life . Men have worshipped me , little girl . I 'm sorry , i can 't hear you from up here . Ah , get on with it already . Get on with it ! Fill this pit with snakes Or rats or whatever else you imagine Might frighten me . Um , no . Wh ... What , then ? You 're going to burn me ? Drown me ? Armies have tried to kill me And failed . Landry : It 's ready . Is that my punishment finally arriving ? It is ! A fitting end for a king , If i do say so myself . ( clunking ) ( continuous clunking ) What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm creating a monument to you ... A shrine . You think this is going to scare me ? ( snicker ) you can 't do this to me , I 'm your father ! And i 'm a dandelion With teeth . You can 't do this to me ! I will have centuries ! You know what to do . Brother michael : And you have mere seconds . Three layers . You will become dust ! And the dust will settle upon this island , and when i 'm free , I will walk upon that dust ! No matter what you do , You will wither away and die ! I will live forever ! And you will ... Die ! ( metal clanking ) ( metal clanking ) ( two knocks in response ) ( screaming ) Um , i 'll meet you at the autopsy , There 's something i need to do . Be careful with that one , she 's dangerous . ( clears throat ) amy . I need to speak with michael , where is he ? Dr. Jordan . I understand you and your friends will be leaving us soon . It 'll be a shame to see you go . Actually , it turns out we 're not leaving just yet so i need to see michael . ( clicks tongue ) i 'm sorry , Michael 's no longer in charge here . Then who is ? You 're kidding me , right ? Given our recent tragedy , i 'd expect more compassion from you . Compassion ? You people ripped my baby out of me . I wasn 't even aware you were pregnant . You 've really kept your figure ! Do you think this is a joke ? Of course not . No one here would ever hurt a baby . I don 't know what happened to you , But if you want my help , all you need to do is ask . ( footsteps approaching ) Soldier : Dr. Jordan ? Lieutenant commander winger requests you don 't stray from the group . Are you saying you can help me find my baby ? Of course ! Michael 's gone , His fellowship won 't run on fear anymore . Soldier : Dr. Jordan , please . Alan : I haven 't seen sarah In a while , any idea where she 's gone off to ? She wanted to have a word with amy . And you let her ? I think sarah can take care of herself . What with all the Immortality stuff ! Oh ... So you 're up to speed on that , are you ? Seriously ? I didn 't believe it at first either . But trust me , it 's real . Was she born that way ? No , made . By who ? It 's a long story . But it all ties back to ilaria . Aw , come on ! You 're not gonna try and connect them to this too , are you ? It 's why i 'm here , it 's why the world thinks i 'm a criminal . Ilaria is run by immortals and i am trying to stop them . Gentlemen , anything to report ? Uh , we still have to run a tox panel to be certain , But this is promising . The subject 's teeth Are discolored with a red substance . He has traces of the same substance Under his fingernails , in his hair ... So he doesn 't brush after meals , what are you telling me ? Found this in his stomach . That looks like tree sap . Maybe sangre de grado , it 's a medicinal resin . Whatever it is , he 's been practically living off it . And you think this gunk may lead to a cure ? It 's a lead . Right now , it 's the only lead we have , And it 's the reason we can 't leave this island . Hey , wait a minute ... I agreed To an autopsy , nothing more ... And our autopsy Uncovered a potential treatment . A treatment , not a cure ! The victims are still showing all the symptoms of mycosis ! At the very least , we need to get out there and investigate , Find out what it 's all about . Outside the walls ? This island is littered with corpses . I am not Adding another name to the list . You know what , peter ? You are right for once in your life ! This has nothing to do with me . Dr. Farragut ... You can shoot me , commander . I 'm done . I don 't know what kind of shit show you people are used to running , But this is not how we do things . I 'll talk to him . Sarah ... Peter , get out of my way . If you leave this room , You are finished with my team , do you understand ? It was never your team , peter , you were just keeping helen 's chair warm . ( sighs ) sarah : Alan ... This wasn 't supposed to happen . I wanted all of you as far away from this as possible . All i wanted was to ... ( sighs ) was to stop ilaria to beat them at their own game . I never meant to be involved with the cdc . I know you didn 't , but now , you are involved . Not anymore . I 'm sorry , sarah . Alan , this is why you 're here . You want to stop ilaria , you stop this pathogen , You find a cure . If this isn 't part of ilaria 's grand plan , It will be as soon as they find out how deadly it is . Peter won 't go out there , kyle doesn 't have the experience , I 've never asked you for anything , I 'm asking you for this now so that i can go and find our baby . Amy knows something , i ... I need to stay here and find out what it is . Please . ( sniffle ) All right . All right , i 'll go . ( deep sigh ) I said , right . A little to the right . ( sighs ) ( sighs ) What is going on here ? Mother ! Thanks for stopping by . ( sighs ) Do you think i should keep the rug ? So many wonderful memories . Where 's michael ? Michael is no longer with us . He 's found a new path . What did you do ? What you never had the courage to do . That means you and me , We are responsible for the abbey now . No , not you and me . Just me . Don 't be ridiculous , you 're my daughter . And you 're my mother Who authorized our father 's request To impregnate me . You 've lost your rights along with michael . The abbey is mine now . I won 't let you destroy our home . Not after the destruction michael has caused already ... Agnes is dead , michael is gone . There 's no one left to cuddle you anymore . Peter was right , you had me sent to the oubliette . You , child . All this chaos , this death and destruction ... You cannot take what he has . You cannot be what he has been . I don 't want to be him . I want more . There was a time ... When buildings stood for centuries As men were reduced To crawling on their knees . But no longer . Why did you release me ? What is it you want from me ? My name is julia walker . I came looking for you once , michael , Thirty years ago . I needed your help then , maybe you can help me now . Thirty years . But time has no meaning . Thirty years can be a day Or an eternity . I 'm looking for something special , Something that was rumored to be on this island decades ago . I 'm looking for a child . There 's a new disease that 's killing our kind . We believe the only way to cure it Is through immortal stem cells And we believe that child to be the key . I remember . Do you remember where it is ? Every day , in that pit , I was plagued By knowledge of that child . Reminded of the failure of my work ... With my own children , With my own life . Can you tell me where it is ? Tell you , no . I can show you . What happened ? Where 's sarah ? She had business to take care of . I 'm going in her place . Where 's peter ? Stormed away Once we all took your side . Why the soap opera , dr . Farragut ? It wasn 't my intention . If you 're wrong about this , we 're screwed . I 'm wrong about this , we 're all screwed . The child 's out here ? Yes . There 's a , A cleft in the rock Leading to a small cave . I swear ! I swear it was here ! A lot can change in 30 years . Oui , Plus ca change , Plus c 'est pareil . ( gasps ) ( grunting ) ( laughing ) Very good ! Well , thank you , miss walker , for releasing me , I 'm a patient man , but even my patience has its limitations . I wouldn 't want any of your immortal friends Knowing of my existence . Better to be discreet , don 't you think ? Out of sight , out of mind . ( gasping ) ( soft grunt ) ( splash ) ( grunts ) ( panting ) I guess the sword works . Sister amy : How are you feeling , sarah ? May i call you sarah ? You want to help me ? Okay , tell me what happened to me and my baby . Nothing . You call being drugged and forced to undergo an abortion Nothing ? Hmm ! We didn 't give you an abortion . We simply induced labor . You did what ? I told you . We 'd never hurt a baby . Would we , landry ? We would never hurt a baby . See ? It 's right there . And i 'd be happy to give it back to you ... You just Have to give me something in return . What ? Immortality . ( theme music playing )
