 You and mack have that secret to keep under wraps . I 'm just wondering if it means you 're bringing hunter in I shouldn 't have to ask any of you to save one of our own . You never ask ! That 's enough ! Fitz : You survived the destruction because ... You caused it . Skye : No . No , no , no . And I 'm pretty sure the dna results we 're running right now Her dna is an exact match to what it was before . She 's clear . Switched your blood results with your old samples . Drastically . For now , we should just keep it between us . There 's something very wrong with me . [ guitar playing ] [ conversing in portuguese ] [ guitar stops ] Kava . I must find kava . Sorry . I don 't know who that is . Do you guys ? Hey . A pretty lady like you shouldn 't be out here all alone . I can help you find kava . I can help you with anything else that you need . [ screams ] Lady ! Who the hell are you ? ! I do not know . [ both grunting ] [ both breathing heavily ] Not bad . But once I 'm pinned , you should try for a finishing blow . [ panting ] You want full " mortal kombat " ? I want you to stop holding back , skye . I didn 't want to hurt you . I didn 't want to try to hurt you . I feel like I 'm constantly on the verge of ... I don 't know . And it hurts like hell , but you can 't shut those feelings out . Can 't sustain that . Well , what 's my option ? I just lose it right here ? We 've talked about this . Control . Embrace your emotions , your nerves . Use them ... On your terms . I don 't know . [ sighs ] What I 'm feeling is pretty ... Dark . I 'm afraid I 'm gonna go postal and tear your head off . Go for it . I promise you won 't . Fitz : Maybe skye needs a break . Training is not a group activity . Yeah . I just came down to ... Have - - Uh , see what ... I-it 's about . I 'll tell you what , fitz - - come back in an hour . I 'd be happy to show you what it 's all about . I 'm fine , fitz . Really . It would be pretty funny to see you and fitz go at it - - Okay . Guess we 're back on . And not holding back . [ both grunting ] [ both sighing ] Water . [ sighs ] So ... Coulson calls me into his office the other day . I thought he was gonna read me the riot act - - S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s rules About fraternizing with fellow operatives . [ chuckles ] they 're strict . But ... He made me an offer . Wants to make my position here permanent . He 's shorthanded now . [ grunts ] you thinking about it ? Well , wasn 't thinking of leaving anytime soon . And I wouldn 't mind taking on some more responsibility . Did you hear the words that just came out of your mouth ? Yeah . That sounded a bit strange , didn 't it ? Yeah . Who is that guy ? I don 't know . But I do not trust him . Anyhow , can 't hurt . Plus , this is fun . Oh . Fun was never a problem for us . No , you 're right . That part was always easy . Till things go south . Yeah , then you turn into a bit of a nightmare . I remember it well . [ chuckles ] you tell me . It seems the thing that always came between us Was your dedication to s.H.I.E.L.D. Now we 're on the same team . It 's simpler . [ door closes ] The last stark copper jackets . I 'll make sure hill puts them on the list . Anything else ? [ sighs ] Sir , I can handle inventory myself . And I hope this isn 't about my reaction after - - No , I told you - - we 're fine . After puerto rico , we need to take stock . What happened out there was - - Yeah , I don 't like thinking about that . I don 't blame you , but I have been thinking about it , And I realized I 've been wasting your talents . Look , I know you love it under the hood of a car , but ... I could really use you out in the field . You 're a force to be reckoned with , mack . Believe me . Okay , but violence isn 't really my thing . You know , that alien crap made me into something I 'm not . I know . But have you seen yourself ? You 're a little bit of a beast all the time . A blue-dot operative in portugal phoned in . You should hear what he has to say . Looks like you 're starting now . Oh , you 'll want everyone on the bus for this . [ seagulls crying ] [ indistinct conversations ] Thank you for watching her . Carvalho : I hear from the prime minister 's office I 'm to hold this crazy lady here for you , I hold this crazy lady . How did you subdue her and get her to wait ? She stayed willingly once I told her I 'd found " kava " and he was on his way to meet her . Oh . But I 'm not kava . I 'm glad I 'm not the one who has to tell her that . Pick up her sword from booking before you go . So you are not kava . No . But I 'm a friend . " son of coul " ? See ? [ beeping ] We 've worked together before . I apologize . I do not remember . You have no memory of who you are ? I-I know I am from asgard . But I do not remember my home there . You tell me my name is lady sif , but ... Why I left asgard , What brought me here to midgard ... Why I wear these hides instead of armor ... A mystery . One I 'll help you solve . I 'm sure a clue will turn up somewhere . Twitter . [ beep ] Skye found it . [ crowd screaming ] [ swords clanging ] That 's me . I don 't remember this . I 'm a decent fighter . This guy can hold his own against you . Impressive . Last time you were here , You came to collect a rogue asgardian . That would explain his strength . Regardless , she traveled across the universe to find him . He 's dangerous . [ electricity crackles ] [ crowd screaming ] Make that more than dangerous . We know you were after him . Question is , what 's he after ? [ speaking portuguese ] Take me to your supplies , powering elements ... Fuel ! [ gasps ] Do not try and fight me . Someone on your world has changed . I am here to hunt them down . What do you - - what do you want from me ? Don 't worry . You won 't remember . Which didn 't get us much in the way of , um ... Of anything new . Yeah . Thanks . Um , until we get to ... Here . I do very much enjoy that part . So , he - - he 's - - he 's wearing something - - Something mechanical , and she nailed it . And there 's more . [ beeping ] What is that ? Blood ? Hope so . It could give us a lead . Well , there 's no way to know from the video . You go with hunter and mack , handle forensics . I need you and bobbi to talk to witnesses in the area , See if we can track down where this guy went . Sir , the science division has loaded the team With heavier suppression artillery . After raina 's vanishing act , We advise that when you find this ... Man , You contain him first , ask questions later . New icers are still in development . Very good . Keep me posted . New icers ? Oh . [ sighs ] The mechanical design is still top-notch , A more concentrated dendrotoxin formula . And wouldn 't that be dangerous ? But effective . Given these elevated threats , we can 't risk it not being . My mind is that of a lost adolescent . I can provide no information of value . Judging by your clothes , we know you were undercover , Probably something you learned after your last visit here . Your usual full-armor look is a little more ... Conspicuous . So you 're saying I wear that armor most of the time ? Does this mean I 'm a warrior ? A good one . A great warrior . It 's just details that you 're missing . You must remember things about your home world , right ? Only basic lessons a child would learn . The name of your sword ? What about thor ? [ chuckles ] Um ... I do not know this word , Yet when you say it , I ... Want to smile . Who can explain the mysteries of the asgardian brain ? I can . I can 't see any blood . Fitz , isn 't there some special light that finds blood ? Not blood . What 's up , magnum , p.I. ? You enjoying this ? Who doesn 't like a good mystery ? Guess we 're both embracing new challenges . That mean you 're taking The permanent position that coulson offered ? He 's a man down . I know you have your reservations , but I like the guy . Don 't you want to see how this plays out ? Huh . What 's that ? I don 't know . This is about where the big guy was standing When sif nailed him with the sword , right ? Yeah . Look at this . Ohh ! I-I barely touched it . I swear . Trust me - - there is no universe on which I think you did that on your own . Turbo , what do you think ? Simmons ? Simmons : Yes , fitz . We 're uploading some information to you . Whatever came out of that guy 's chest ... [ beeping ] ... I 'm guessing it wasn 't blood . I 'll give it a look . See ? Who doesn 't like a good mystery ? [ indistinct conversations ] [ speaking portuguese ] You speak portuguese ? I 'm no expert . It 's a pretty language . It 's hard to gauge if someone 's lying . Are you an expert at that ? At lying or telling if someone 's lying ? I have a feeling you 're probably an expert at both . Can I help you ? Hi , yes , we 're looking for anyone Who may have been injured in the incident at the pier Or may have seen this man . Hmm . No , he does not look familiar to me . As far as the injuries , I can ask around . The nurse who was working earlier took ill . So we are short-staffed . It may take a while . Okay . Well , we 'll be here . [ conversing in portuguese ] Wait . Is that woman all right ? What happened to her ? Lady sif : Yet you do not serve a king ? Not really how it works with us . I wonder if I serve the king As the great warrior you say I am . Odin ? Oh , we know you do . You 've met him . Shut ... Up . I was just conducting my interview with mr . Cardozo here , Asking him what he saw the other day , when - - You are a dangerous monster . I am no monster . I am sometimes dangerous , But only toward those who are deserving . I do not actually know . Is it only toward those who are - - No , that was right . Excellent . Answer his question , elderly man . Look , just tell us what you saw after they fought . The man destroyed my booth ! What does he want with balloons ? He went for my helium , broke off the valves , and took them ! What does he need those for ? Simmons : Sir , the boys were right . What are we talking about ? It was liquid nitrogen . The post was frozen solid and cracked . He must have been carrying a supply , And sif must have damaged his containment hardware . So that 's what he needed the tank valves for - - to repair it . Why carry nitrogen ? Might have needed it for fuel , Might have needed it for a weapon . If he 's alien , he might need it to breathe . Not to breathe . Only seven intelligent species across the known realms Require heightened levels of nitrogen gas , none humanoid . I learned this as a child . Did you not ? [ cellphone ringing ] [ beep ] Bobbi : Sir , we have evidence he 's here at the hospital . It 's a big place , though . He might be hiding anywhere . And they use it in hospitals to power surgical equipment . Let 's start there . [ gas hissing ] [ door creaks ] [ beep ] [ gas hissing ] You do not want to fight me . We just have some questions for you . [ gun cocks ] [ rumbling ] Simmons is tending to bobbi . She 's gonna be okay . Like " he just tested some willy wonka gum " blue , For whatever device turned his skin pink . You told me last year the kree had not visited our realm . If a kree came to your world unannounced now , I would assume he 's up to no good . He attacked bobbi and skye , so that 's a yes . Yeah . The guy throws a mean punch . Let 's assume you were here to stop him . No , but knowing he is kree helps . Kava , for example . I thought it was a name . 'tis a kree word . You also learn other species entire languages as a child ? " kava " means " keys . " Keys ? A device used to unlock - - Yeah , I know keys . It 's something . Let 's look into it . Skye ... Thank you for engaging my enemy . You are quite brave . [ keyboard clacking ] [ beeping ] The whole room was shaking , fitz . The gun in my hand exploded . Oh , god . I-I thought that I could handle it . But I can 't . It 's too much . I-I think we have to tell coulson what 's happening . Hang on . Wait . Just wait until I 've or- - analyzed - - I can 't control it when I get upset or nervous . I 'm running that diagnostic on your blood samples right now . Hopefully , when it 's done , we 'll have a solution . There 's nothing you - - [ footsteps approach ] Sorry to interrupt ... Whatever this is . Just wanted to check out the new toys from sci-tech . Okay . I 'm ... Gonna ... Scour the web for " key " references . Yeah . Yeah , you do that . You , ms . Morse , will live . I 'll get you some antibiotic cream So we can keep you nice and uninfected . Thanks . Stay here . [ sighing ] ah . [ clicks tongue ] There goes your modeling career . You should talk , pretty boy . [ chuckles ] You talk to hunter ? I did . He 's thinking about sticking around . I heard . I think it 's good . Things are good . Maybe ... We should bring him on board . No chance . That ship has sailed . That you two have a pattern that repeats itself , You didn 't tell him in the first place Because you didn 't want him to know Trust has never been our strong suit . And - - and we 're building something real here . I know he thinks so . But how is he gonna feel if you tell him now ? Well , you can 't risk it . He 'll react badly . And it could blow up in our face in a big way . You can 't bring him in on this , bobbi . W-what am I supposed to do ? I can 't bring him - - I don 't want him here in case he takes their side . He 's a friend . I don 't want him fighting against us . He would never . Oh . He loves you , and he probably will always love you . But I still think he might be capable of killing you . You 're telling me to push him away . I 'm saying it 's the only way you 'll ever have a chance To be together , to make it work someday . You remember what it felt like When our friends turned out to be hydra . We 're not hydra . You remember how it felt . The best thing would be if he decided to leave And he wasn 't anywhere near here When we pull the trigger on this thing . And then ... Maybe there 's a world where we 're all friends in the end . Any particular keys that would be hugely important , Not literal keys , not metaphorical keys , Not as in " to the city . " it doesn 't mean that I - - Wait . Look at this . " chaves . " a city known for its sedimentary basins . I don 't - - Guess what " chaves " means in english . Let me guess . " keys . " That 's where the kree was heading . That 's where I was chasing him . That was my mission . But chaves , portugal - - we 've seen that name before . It was in whitehall 's ssr file . The site of his dig back in 1945 , Where he first found the obelisk . That 's where we have to go . Director ? I 'd like to sit this one out , please . You all right ? Yeah , just after my run-in with blue man group , I still feel a little banged-up , and I 'm just worried I 'm not gonna be much help out there , so ... Okay . Whenever you 're ready . Is it really about being hurt , or is it about your nerves ? Making me see cartoon birdies all around my head . That 's it . Have simmons give you one more check while we 're gone . Let 's make sure there 's nothing serious . O-okay . Pull up the ssr file . I want to pinpoint exactly where this kree guy 's going . [ guns cocking ] Coulson : Stay right there . Put your hands up . You will not stop me . Want to bet ? [ grunts ] I am here to help . Is that why you attacked me , kree ? You were the one who attacked . I had to take your memory to keep you from tracking me . How did you track me ? [ thud ] You do not ask the questions , kree . You do not talk . Actually ... We neehim to talk . Look , I-I can prove that - - that I 'm not a threat And that I 'm here to help . Bring me my truncheon . How very kree . He needs a weapon to make a point . My truncheon can restore her memory . Would that not be a-a gesture of my noble intentions ? That thing does what you say it does . Do you have a name ? Vin-tak . And I will earn your trust . [ beeping ] Simmons left you with truncheon duty ? Funny word - - " truncheon . " She wanted to take more precautions Before investigating it , but I figured , Hell , there 's certainly more to it than meets the eye . Been saying the same about you for years . Supposedly , the kree used this to wipe lady sif 's memory . There 's a dial on the bottom , but none of our equipment Can detect any electrical or spectrographic signals . Is that your fancy way of saying You don 't know how to turn it on ? Or if it can . Well , I know something else we could try turning on . Hey , careful with that . You don 't want to erase my hard drive , do you ? Like I said , it doesn 't seem to be working . All right , then ... Well , maybe I can help you with it . The sooner we get it done , the sooner we - - How are you gonna help me ? Can I just get a little space , please ? Ah . There she is . I need time figuring this out . Well , it seems like you already have . Not at all . [ scoffs ] I just think that we ... Should slow things down a little bit . [ scoffs ] yeah , okay , I get it . Just a bit of fun , yeah ? Though , usually , things get a little more heated Before you turn frosty . Okay , sweetheart . Consider it slowed . Don 't die out there , yeah ? Hey , hunter . It 's possible that only he can operate it . We 've seen other alien materials react to biology or dna . Don 't remind me . Or me . We 've all been there , done that . Fitz and simmons will examine the case . If this guy 's telling the truth , We might finally get the answers we 've been searching for . Tell us how the truncheon works , kree . The kree has a name . And that only works when in my hand . Hmm . That 's convenient . It has a-a dial on the bottom . Hey ! [ electricity crackles ] Oh . Sorry . The argument was going nowhere . You back with us ? Yes . My memories have returned . I am lady sif of asgard , friend of the s.H.I.E.L.D. Ohh ! Asgardian - - well , that explains a lot . It is true . We do not trust kree . That is why I am here . When heimdall saw that one landed on your world , Odin charged me with retrieving him . So you came to pick a fight . We know enough about kree history to be concerned . Well , then , if you know kree history , Perhaps you 've heard the tale of terrigenesis . Of course . Ancient kree descending on planets , Altering the inhabitants to fight their war . And earth was one of them . Blue angels who fell from the sky . Eons ago , the kree waged a very long war . The casualties were high , and they needed more soldiers . You mean cannon fodder . We needed killers . One vicious faction among the kree Genetically modified other creatures ' dna . These modifications Can be activated with terrigen crystals . We know these torturous experiments failed . Not on earth . Here , we had to shut them down . This faction had built a city . They brought with them the diviners , Which hold the crystals . Their plans were discovered and thwarted By the better of my kind , Putting an end to that dark chapter of our past . Until now . When I saw that an ancient signal had been triggered , I knew it had to be a diviner . If the kree empire learned That these experiments were a success , They would be likely to renew them . These transformed beings are ... Abominations . I knew that I had to find the remainder of the diviners Before another monstrosity occurred , And erase any knowledge of it . How many diviners are supposed to be in that crate ? Enough to create an army . Simmons : Sir , the crate is empty . My worst fear has come true . Simmons : We have to assume they were all taken At the same time back in the ' 40s . Does that mean hydra has them ? Fitz : And if hydra doesn 't , who does ? Fitz , what is this ? [ beep ] Oh ! Uh - - uh , that 's ... Nothing . It 's just a - - It 's remarkable . Extra macromolecules just like in raina 's blood But ... Different ones . Whose dna is this ? It 's , uh - - it 's , uh ... A simulation that I created - - or a-a theory of , uh - - A simulation ? Fitz , this is uncanny . Can I have it back , please ? The precision , the detail - - it reads as real . Yeah , but it 's just a simulation . We must find the remaining diviners , As well as anyone who 's transformed . We drowned the temple where the diviners were activated , So that 's a plus . And we do know the woman who was changed . So , someone was transformed . A kree slave warrior created . Have you put it down ? No . She disappeared . What do you know of her ? We don 't know much about raina 's transformation . Skye witnessed it but didn 't see much . You were there ? What did you see ? I-I didn 't - - I mean , n-nothing . Were there others with you ? The changes may not be on the surface ... But buried inside . [ rumbling ] You must understand , these creatures are weapons - - Abominations - - even if they don 't know it . [ rumbling intensifies ] [ metal clattering ] [ electricity crackles ] Another one ? Son of coul , what is this ? Skye You want to talk to us ? Skye , what 's doing this ? [ shakily ] I am . Don 't ! Hand her over . I will take her to asgard . It will be safer for all of you . We will do no such thing . It needs to be eliminated before it hurts someone . Skye is not a weapon . Coulson , no one is saying skye chose this , But she is dangerous . I don 't want to be this way . Imagine what will happen if your powers grow . It may not stop at breaking glass . You could bring down buildings , tear continents apart ... Vin-tak : That 's not what you were designed for . You were designed to destroy , Which is why you must be put down . Yeah , well , that sounds an awful lot like killing to me . This is not your concern . Let 's go . Fitz , we need bambino ! You want her , you go through me ! [ electricity crackling ] W-what 's going on ? Jemma , I 'm so sorry . [ panting ] You knew . [ rumbling continues ] Uh , lady sif and the kree are trying to take skye away . Sif , you 've got your memory back . You know we 're friends . Consider what you 're doing . This is for the protection of your people . Enough ! [ roars ] Your friend skye is an atrocity , And I must go put an end to this . We 'll decide what she is . But for now , you 're not going anywhere . This is not your fight . It kind of is now . Maybe we should call in some real backup . This is twice now , you and me . You must really love fighting . Love fighting ? No . But you 're coming after one of my people , So I 'm willing to fight . That 's noble . Stupid ... But noble . [ beeping ] Okay . Listen to me - - just me . We can do this . You can do this . I can 't . I can 't make it stop . You will control your emotions , just like we practiced . [ voice breaking ] I can 't make it stop . Everyone is at risk . Just focus . Skye , look at me . Focus . It 'll stop . Agent may , release the girl ! [ electricity crackling ] You knew you couldn 't stop me . So what was the point ? Just wanted the attention . [ electricity crackling ] May , she 'll get through . Ignore it . Remember - - focus . [ panting ] I can 't . [ grunts ] [ beeping ] [ gun cocks ] [ rumbling stops ] skye . She harmed herself . Even though she knew it meant giving up her freedom . All to save the rest of you . Don 't you see ? She wants to get better . If you take her away from the people she loves , She 'll only get worse . [ engine shuts off ] I know you think I overreacted . But this decision ... Leaving skye with you - - it carries real danger . I want you to understand that . I do . But we 'll help her through it . Vin-tak : Have we arrived yet ? This ... Does not seem familiar . No , this is not your home planet . Lady sif will take you from here . I apologize for my forgetfulness . You have been very kind . Why is my hand not blue ? You are in disguise from the people pursuing you . Remember ? Right . I will keep watch . I 'll return him to his home planet , hala . He 'll remember none of this . No more trouble should come from there . But here - - Yes . There are other diviners . But we flooded the city so no one can activate them . We 'll take every precaution . Coulson ... Your people make decisions based on logic . Usually . Usually . As do mine . Leaving skye with us is the logical choice , I promise . No . No , that is not what I mean . Asgard is millennia beyond you In our pursuit of science , of knowledge , And we have learned There are some things that can never be understood . Is this little talk one of them ? I know you wish to affect the outcome , But it may be - - it may be beyond that . Are you talking about fate ? I am saying there are tides in the universe That you cannot swim against . Best of luck , son of coul . Thank you . Heimdall , open the bifrost . Not a lot of laughs , that one . And when I say that about somebody ... You agree with her . You think skye 's more than we can handle . Look , most of the time , I believe what I see . You know that , but ... " but " ... You died . You were brought back ... With a map to a city encoded in your dna . Our team 's first mission ? We picked up skye . Last week , we took her to that city . I can 't help but remember what lumley said . Wherever skye goes ... Death follows . Jemma ... Um ... I know you feel that I could have been , uh ... A bit more forthright - - [ chuckles ] " forthright . " Fitz , as understatements go , I think that qualifies as an instant classic . You lied to me . Okay . So now we 're even . Can you blame me , the way you were going on about raina , That she 's a-a-a plague to be eradicated ? I - - Skye is my friend . She 's different . Oh , yeah . Like I was your friend , and then I changed . How did you handle that ? Uh , t-the point is , secrets don 't help any of us . Skye should have just come clean . What , and risk being locked up , studied , or who knows what else ? No , I wouldn 't let her . Oh , you wouldn 't let her . It wasn 't fair to us , fitz . We had a right to know . A right to know . What - - is that the same way I think this situation 's a little bit different , mate . No , you would have done to her exactly what they wanted to . You don 't know that . Yes , I do know that ! They would - - you would - - Like skye 's something to be locked away in a cage somewhere . We should be protecting her . No , fitz . We 're the ones that need protection from her . S ... Skye . We 'll return in a moment . [ hammering , whirring ] Let 's talk . Hey , what 's going on ? You and bobbi - - what 's up ? I-I don 't know what you 're talking - - No , I know you 're keeping something from me . I don 't know what it is , but here 's what I do know . I know about the flash drive . I know coulson doesn 't know about it , But I bet he 'd like to . I know there 's no support group . Hunter , listen . It 's - - No , mack , don 't . Who 's " backup " ? Bobbi mentioned it to you in the hallway . Who is backup ? Okay . Well , that 's ... [ sighs ] [ choking ] [ exhales weakly ] [ exhales shakily ] damn it .
