 After you change , no one else will understand . Your thankless daughter was there . She emerged from the chrysalis ? She 's gonna be so terribly afraid . He 'll put her on the index , tag her like a shark . [ rumbling ] Coulson : What 's doing this ? [ shakily ] I am . I can 't control it when I get upset . You will control your emotions , just like we practiced . Everyone is at risk . You and bobbi - - what 's up ? I know coulson doesn 't know about it , But I bet he 'd like to . ... Then at last , to be told there 's no hope . I 'm not to see . Man : Don 't say that . You 're going to see with my eyes . [ siren wails in distance ] that 's why I 'm here . Listen , you called me " friend " once . Will you let me think you meant it ? Will you let me be hands and eyes to you ? Because I 've nothing else to do the whole rest of my life But help you see whatever you want to see . [ knock on door ] [ utensils clack ] [ click ] [ rain falling ] Yes ? Is this karla faye gideon ? Got your name off the gifted index . [ lock turns ] Um , I 'm - - I 'm sorry . Are you with s.H.I.E.L.D. ? I 'll try not to be offended . We are absolutely not from s.H.I.E.L.D. Show her . [ thud ] Levi - - an old buddy of mine . Genius . S.H.I.E.L.D. Implanted a chip in his arm . Couldn 't get within 100 feet of any tech . I found him holed up in an rv in the mojave . But now , sans chip , This guy manages to decrypt the index for me . Led me to francis . [ sighs ] Three years , they kept him in a cage - - Meds to keep him docile . I know what s.H.I.E.L.D. Did to you . How long has it been since you touched someone , Since you felt a sensation on your fingertips ? We want to free you from these shackles . All you got to do is say that you - - [ siren wailing in distance ] [ electricity crackling ] [ breathing shakily ] Feels good , doesn 't it ? Freedom . Mm . Don 't you think it 's time everyone learn How s.H.I.E.L.D. Treats people like us ? We 're gonna teach them a lesson , And we want you to join us . I know . I sound bat-guano crazy . [ chuckles ] Except s.H.I.E.L.D. - - Nah . Not so mighty anymore . A handful of agents . Director is a door-to-door salesman of a man . Still , I 'm - - I 'm not powerful myself . None of us are . But together , we 're a force . What do you say ? I 'm in . [ ratcheting , whirring ] Mmm . I got to say , director , no doubt , The best grilled cheese I 've ever had . Secret ingredient . Don 't ask . I will not disclose . [ utensil clacks ] [ chuckles ] How you doing with all the monitoring ? I barely notice it . We wouldn 't subject you to it If it wasn 't absolutely necessary . I assume you 're putting me on the gifted index . We are . I 've been doing some monitoring of my own . Check this out . I 've been searching for my parents , And my search ended with answers That are so much worse than I could have imagined . Sad , twitchy , not-all-there dad , a dead mom , Alien mist that turned me into a walking natural disaster , A friend dead - - Hey . Trip was not your fault . My point is , I 'm steady . Nothing is shaking . I 'm stopping them before they start . That 's good . If I keep working on this , She 's acting like everything will go back to normal . [ beeping ] may : That 's what she does . Does she know we 're putting her on the index ? Yeah . She does seem to be getting control of the powers . That 's good , but we barely understand them - - Other than they 're strong . Catastrophically so . Protocol is anyone on the index Undergoes a full psych eval and threat assessment . We 'd need to bring in someone from outside . Someone we can trust . I know who I 'd call ... If it weren 't a thing . Andrew ? It 's not a thing . He might say no . Reach out . See what he says . Wonder where she 's off to . Another question in the long list of questions I don 't have answers to . What is it ? Coulson asked me to complete skye 's index file To the best of my ability . I 'm afraid my best is woefully insufficient . It 's bizarre , the extra macromolecules . Raina 's dna is the same . The mist triggered something inside them , Something waiting to be activated . But how skye is able to - - [ knock on door ] Sorry . I 'm just , um , looking for ... Ah . Got it . ... Able to create a vibrational force ? That I don 't understand at all . How long are you gonna give him ? He lied to me . We 're spies . We lie for a living . Fitz 's intentions were good . He wanted to protect a friend . From me ? And how is that protecting her ? Corrupting data , altering test results ? Fitz and I shared science . It was sacred . Now that 's changed , too . I have to accept that he 's different now ... [ cellphone vibrates , beeps ] ... And our relationship won 't ever be what it was . Little early to sound the funeral bells , don 't you think ? A betrayal of trust like that , it changes everything . Where are you now ? I just made it to the nearest safe house . [ sighs ] this is such a mess . Yeah , a mess I didn 't make , But I 'm cleaning it up the best way I can . I wasn 't gonna let him expose us . No , I-I know . All right , so what now , bobbi ? Hunter : Mack , are you talking to bobbi ? Tell her I take it all back . All the " don 't die out there - - " I 'm sorry . I 'd be better off if she had died out - - Hope she rots in hell ! [ indistinct shouting ] but I got no exit strategy , and the longer I 'm gone , The more questions coulson 's gonna have . We 'll bring him in . Sit tight . I 'll arrange an extraction . And you know where I 'll be . And , mack ... Get him a beer or something . Andrew : Well , there 's no substitute For actually spending time with a patient . You just can 't get around it . What about the new software to track emotional health ? Software won 't anticipate a manson or a bin laden . The human mind is infinitely complicated . It 's messy and And surprising . Well , if you 'll excuse me . Thank you . Long time . Yeah . S.H.I.E.L.D. Needs your help . [ sighs ] I haven 't worked with s.H.I.E.L.D. In a long while . I moved on for a reason . It 's a different s.H.I.E.L.D. Coulson 's the director now . Okay . Why me ? Is , uh , skye that bad ? She 's that good . Good agent . I 'm her s.O. You 're back in the field ? So , what do you think ? What do I think ? I think ... What the hell , melinda ? You show up asking for a favor , After s.H.I.E.L.D. Collapsed to check if you were all right , Not a word . It was a busy time . " busy . " [ chuckles ] Yeah , all right . Well ... Thanks for the apology . If I do this ... I have conditions . No observation , no monitoring Other than what 's deemed medically necessary . My sessions with her are in private . My evaluation won 't be . She gets a copy . My duty is to her , not s.H.I.E.L.D. [ sighs ] Like I said , it 's a different s.H.I.E.L.D. My consultation fee 's gone up . I should have called you back . Nah , I talked to your mom . Huh . She told me you were alive . We had a nice talk . She invited me over for dinner , and ... I 'm not surprised . She still hasn 't forgiven me for divorcing you . [ latches click ] Cal : Excuse me , sir . You know , we - - we must have made a wrong turn back there . I think we 're lost . Where are you trying to get to ? Uh , well , w- - Hi ! [ gasps ] [ beeping ] [ electricity crackling ] Francis , would you be so kind as to let us in ? Dr. Garner , good to see you again . I appreciate you coming back to help . Congrats on the promotion . Or should I offer my condolences ? That depends on what 's on the other end of this call . Just been informed of a break-in At brynmore psychiatric facility . Houses criminally insane types . Federal facility . Except for the secret sub-basement under the north wing . Mentally unstable people on the index are housed there . That 's what we 're going to find out . I 'll prep the quinjet . Agent morse , hunter didn 't report in today . I offered him a permanent job . You think that has anything to do with his disappearance ? " permanent " isn 't really hunter 's thing . Even the word . Didn 't think he scared so easily . Okay . I 'll meet you down there . Simmons : I 'm so glad you 're here , Especially since it 's been well documented That powers can lead to psychological volatility . Not that skye 's showing any signs . Her vitals currently are steady . May I ? Oh , yeah . I did not know that you were married . Now you do . He seems nice . Okay . Fine . So , it might be wise to do a pharmacological evaluation . Dulling her emotions could lessen the destructiveness Of her powers - - a-a stopgap measure . Should probably meet her before writing a prescription . I 'll take you to her . I appreciate the extensive And thorough debrief , agent simmons . My pleasure . Let me talk to her first . Skye might have a ... Reaction . You 're kidding , right ? A shrink ? It 's not personal . Hell , it 's not personal . It 's a shrink . It 's standard procedure for anyo- - No , I know , but I 'm not just on the index . I 'm also an agent . Exactly . So you know it 's non-negotiable . [ scoffs ] Andrew is good , and he 's done this before . So have I. I grew up in the system . I 've been through enough of these to know that I hate them . You 'll like this one . Yeah , how do you know that ? Because I was married to him . Tell me about the wedding . I 'm thinking may could go either way - - Understated or full bridezilla . She can be a control freak . I 'm not here to discuss my ex . Did you guys have actual conversations ? You know , like , pillow talk , Or was it just pillow stern looks ? How long are you going to deflect ? Barely in , and out comes the psychobabble . It 's not psychobabble . It 's just a word that describes what you 're doing . [ inhales deeply ] well , I read your history . [ folder thuds ] I know this isn 't your first rodeo . Speaking of ... The cavalry - - You must know what really - - Stop . The tone - - Something you both have in common . Hmm . Why did you shoot yourself ? It wasn 't like that . I mean , it was an icer . I 'm not suicidal . No , I didn 't say you were , but it 's an aggressive move . I did what I had to do to protect my team . Of course . You 're an agent . And I imagine you must be afraid that you 're gonna lose that . Um ... We eloped . We didn 't want a big wedding . And , no , it wasn 't vegas . Although melinda does love vegas . [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] I also shot myself because I ... I couldn 't stop what I was doing . How does it feel when it 's happening ? It 's terrifying . [ sirens wailing ] Thank you , agent broyles . So , when the communications And electrical systems were fried , A group used the chaos to tear through the facility , Opening doors , releasing prisoners . Yeah , whoever did this did some serious damage to the system . I 'm recovering what was recorded before the power went out . Is that skye 's dad ? Oh , no . Who 's he waving to ? We have to get into that sub-level basement - - now . [ alarm buzzing ] So , how many prisoners were housed here ? Two . John bruno - - military assassin . Became an obsession Discovering creative ways to kill . Not as scary , however , as bachelor number two . He - - [ both grunt ] You shouldn 't have come down here . [ bones crack ] [ screaming ] Damn . Now , where 's bachelor number two ? David a . Angar - - Vocal cords exposed to experimental energy blasts . Shrunk the tumors , but left him with a voice That triggers the central nervous system , Induces immediate catatonia with the slightest whisper . Here 's his room . [ buzzing continues ] Any idea what that means ? Other than skye 's father being crazy ? Nope . Thought we were going after s.H.I.E.L.D. They 'll come to us . [ scoffs ] seriously ? [ chuckles ] If I were to ask you what 's going on , You wouldn 't tell me , right ? I told her we eloped . [ liquid pours ] ah . A little gossip won you some points . Hmm , I appreciate you giving me permission To disclose details when necessary . Mm-hmm . She thinks the world of you . Well , I taught her how to fire an automatic . Of course she likes me . [ chuckles ] [ glasses clink ] Seeing anyone ? [ scoffs ] Mm . All work and no play . When I multitask , I make mistakes . Hmm . Sounds like there 's a story there . I saw a frame on your desk . Girlfriend pics ? Aren 't you a little too old for that ? You tell me about your mistake , and I 'll tell you about it . [ scoffs ] I don 't care that much . [ chuckles ] You look good . You hungry ? I can fix you something . I 'm not that hungry . [ laughs ] [ chuckles ] Won 't stay long . Just need to use the microwave . I didn 't want to disturb may and her ex . Disturb them from ... In the kitchen , talking . [ microwave door closes ] oh . What are they talking about ? Is it about , um , skye 's condition ? No , it was , uh , personal in nature . Seems that ... May isn 't a good cook . Something agent may doesn 't excel at . Interesting . [ beep ] yeah . He - - he teased her about it . And she was laughing . [ gasps ] oh , he makes her laugh . Clearly , she still likes him , And have you seen the way he looks at her ? I wonder what happened between them , why it ended . Yeah , they 're a bizarre pair . He listens for a living , and she doesn 't speak . True , but you know what they say about opposites . Perhaps spending time together could rekindle some - - [ alarm beeping ] It 's skye ! Get may and dr . Garner now ! [ rumbling ] Damn it , skye ! Skye , you need to wake up . Skye ! [ gasps ] may : You 're doing this . You 're shaking the room . You need to stop . Okay . Okay . If she needs a sedative ... No , no . It 's good . It 's good . It 's stopping . I 'm gonna stay . Come on . Everybody out . [ sighs ] Bobbi : If the rv passes a traffic cam or toll booth , We 'll find them . At least we know who we 're looking for . Uh , well , sometimes ignorance is bless . Wendell levi - - genius-level iq , But no moral compass or regard for human life . Prefer my criminals stupid . Well , then you 'll really like francis noche . Noche was a mob enforcer Who wanted to be better at enforcing , So he got his hands on some experimental steroids . Left him incredibly strong . Brains ? Not so much . Mm , god doesn 't give with both hands . Sir , these people are on the index , But they 're not exactly gifted . They were considered highly dangerous . A larger part of the index Functions as more of a watch list . Karla faye gideon - - Razors permanently grafted into her fingers ? Worked in a medical lab with her abusive boyfriend - - Wanted to protect herself . It 's like a lifetime movie . I know . Except her boyfriend wasn 't her only victim . You 're sure skye 's father 's the ringleader ? Without a doubt . " fight on . " Could be a call to arms . Maybe he wants to wage war on us , but where ? [ sizzling ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ utensils clacking ] You ought to try the sausage biscuits . I don 't like food . You 're an interesting fellow . Maybe it would make more sense Just to forget about s.H.I.E.L.D. - - M-move on . I mean , haven 't they robbed us of enough ? That 's the point . We can 't forget . We can 't just slink away and let them take from us . From me ! They took my little girl . They stole her from me , and they still have her . She isn 't safe there . Losing a child , it - - it tears you apart ! I 'm just like you . I wasn 't strong . I couldn 't protect the people I loved . So I tried to change , improve myself , with chemistry . Results were ... Inconsistent . Some volatility issues . But I keep working on a formula . Always tweaking . We can 't stop now . We can 't let them make us afraid or make the world afraid of us . They are the criminals , And we 're gonna shine a light on that . The reason hunter left wasn 't the job offer , was it ? You 're a hard person to read , but hunter isn 't . How long have you two been sleeping together ? I should have reported the change in our relationship , But is this the right time to discuss this ? If we were making any headway , I 'd say no , But we 're stuck . And when I 'm stuck , it helps to do something else - - Listen to music , twirl a baton , talk about something else . They say your subconscious keeps working the problem . So ... Hunter . I broke it off . Hunter slipped back into his old patterns , Which involves bailing and beer . Mack 's gone to find him , and history repeats itself . " history . " Oh , my god . " fight on . " [ beep ] We got a hit on the license plate . Let me guess - - in wisconsin . How did you know that ? [ bird cawing ] [ indistinct shouting ] [ whistle blows ] Why manitowoc , wisconsin ? I was born there . He 's trying to lure me home . You need backup . I need backup . [ cellphone beeps ] [ breathes deeply ] Under 70 . How are you doing that ? May taught me . You focus on a single point , Let everything else become noise disappearing in the background . Except it doesn 't disappear . You 're pushing it aside . Which is why , when you were dreaming , The tremors started . What were you dreaming about ? I don 't remember . You 're seeming defensive . Because you keep pressing . Because whatever you were feeling Was strong enough to shake this entire plane . Well , I don 't know , so let 's move on . How about you show me an inkblot , And I 'll tell you about my first time ? [ chuckles ] Humor . So that 's your thing . Well , that 's an effective way to avoid thinking About how monumentally painful your life is right now . Good pep talk . Thanks . Sarcasm . Same purpose - - avoidance strategy . What am I avoiding , exactly ? The truth . That you 're different now , that you have abilities , Abilities triggered by pain , And either you face that or you don 't sleep again . I dreamed I was on mission , Looking through the scope on my rifle . The next thing I knew , I was on the other side . The rifle was trained on me . Pretty on point - - going from being an agent to a - - Yeah , to being on the index . And I know s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s policy for people on the index . [ rumbling ] I have executed that policy . Okay . Skye , I need you to stop . Just calm down . Take a breath . Wait . The room is shaking . Right . Which is why I need you to breathe . No , this isn 't me . I 'm not doing this . Look , I was gonna come talk to you Once I put the bus on auto . Talk to me after the fact ? When we 're already in the air ? Coulson needs backup . Plus , you were in session . I didn 't want to interrupt . [ electricity crackling ] Uh , g-g-gentle . Gentle . Here . L-let me . [ sighs ] I think I might cry . Hey ! [ stammers ] Not so fast . Make it count . [ indistinct conversations ] [ sniffs ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ roaring ] [ thudding ] [ laughs ] [ metal clacking ] [ grunting ] [ breathing heavily ] Dinner . Got your favorite - - hawaiian . Meat and fruit ? [ sighs ] I thought the prisoner got to choose his last meal . If you were supposed to be dead , you 'd already be dead . Hey , look , man , I 'm just doing what has to be done . [ scoffs ] Do you remember when we first met ? I was working back end for bobbi on that mission in dubai , And you and I were stuck on a construction site Sweating our asses off . You 're not gonna soften me with , " oh , it was the best of times , " Or , " these are a few of my favorite things . " What the hell are you and bobbi into , mack ? You 'll know soon enough . If you 've got nothing to say , why don 't you just leave ? I 'll tell you what I remember , mack . Dubai was a cover . And because I wasn 't s.H.I.E.L.D. , You didn 't tell me . Lies - - that 's what I remember . That not-talking thing you do - - Not okay when we were married , But definitely not okay now . Not okay is skye 's lunatic father Leading coulson into a trap . Civilians could be hurt . I acted quickly . And me and skye , we do what ? [ scoffs ] same as if we were on base . Stay in the cage . Continue your evaluation . Skye : That 's so not gonna happen . This is not a negotiation , skye . If coulson needs backup - - he 'll have it . Yes , you do . My father 's involved . And for better or worse , I matter to him , And we can use that . I 'm with may . This is an emotional powder keg You shouldn 't be anywhere near . Right . We can 't risk you losing control . I won 't . You don 't know that . Yes , I do . I know , because those windows Aren 't shattered in a million pieces right now , Because this plane isn 't coming apart . I 'm feeling all of it . I 'm locking it down just like you trained me to do . Having contact with your father is a bad idea . If you can 't control your feelings - - I 'll ice myself . Look . You put me on the index . You 're doing my intake assessment . How about we let my dad know ? Is this your high school ? I never went here . My dad coached football and taught history . Were you close ? I was 9 when he died . I 've forgotten more about him than I remember . Angar . [ feedback ] cal : Ladies and gentlemen , I want to welcome you to this historic matchup Between the s.H.I.E.L.D. Eagles And us , rivals and underdogs , The ... Slicing ... Talons ? Tonight 's game Is being simulcast live over a.M. 520 ... â ™ ª w.A.S.Y. ... Your local sports radio . What 's he doing ? Making a statement - - a public one . Leading off for s.H.I.E.L.D. , An ugly piece of work and your native son . Let 's welcome phil coulson to the field . Five of them , two of us - - we wait for may . Here 's a fun fact . He killed the man I had been plotting to kill For 2 1 / 2 decades ! Disappointment ! [ singsong voice ] come out , come out , wherever you are . We 're waiting . [ normal voice ] you 're seeming rude , phil . Ungrateful . We went to all this trouble . You see , we got these kids here , These kids with their whole lives in front of them . Aren 't you gonna help ? Hmm ? Or have I misjudged you , phil ? Are you gonna stand by While we hurt them ? Aw , phil . This is between us . No one else needs to get hurt . Let them go . They can 't go anywhere . What did you do ? ! Took a cue from s.H.I.E.L.D. We took their potential and contained it , Inhibited it like you do . To criminals , not cheerleaders . You say potato ... Angar . Phil 's a smart guy - - would have taken precautions . Would you please check him ? Thank you . What do you want ? For its barbaric crimes against exceptional humanity . We want everyone to know what you do to people like us . And we want you to stop before you do it to her . Talking about her ? You monster . May . Daisy . What have they done to you ? We put her on the index . Now we decide - - contain her or put her down . Your call . Tell me they didn 't hurt you . Talk to me , not her . Now , you let these people go , or your daughter dies . Oh , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . I can 't lose you again . Don 't you see what they do ? You 've been changed . And it scares the hell out of them . I think it 's wonderful . I can help . So , tell me , what 's your thing ? I mean , I was hoping it was wings . Talk to me , not her . You chose him . You threatened to kill me , your own father . You didn 't know any better . They raised you . They brainwashed you . You won 't kill her . Though , the truth is , you 're capable of such things . That 's what I 'm trying to teach this whole damn town . I don 't even know if they 're listening . Maybe they 'll listen to you . [ inhales deeply ] [ whirring ] [ rumbling ] End this now ! Come on . Come on . Take this . Andrew . [ grunts ] [ screams ] Karla ? You should turn yourself in . Ha ! I already tried that . No , thanks . [ grunts ] [ breathing heavily ] No ! No ! Please ! Don 't ! [ rumbling ] [ rumbling stops ] Cal : Daisy , what have they done to you ? Simmons : You 're awake . You 're probably feeling a little drowsy . We gave you something to help you sleep . [ groans ] Why do I have these bruises ? I ran some tests . The bruising was caused by capillary ruptures in your arms . X-rays showed more than 75 hairline fractures From your clavicle to your fingers . I ... I don 't understand . Andrew : You weren 't stopping your powers , skye . You were ... Directing them inward . What am I supposed to do ? I made the casts from compression microfibers To help contain the shaking , minimize the damage . That 's not what she means , simmons . We 'll figure this out , skye . Coulson : What do you mean , " other " ? [ sighs ] " gifted " is both insufficient and too broad . I believe there are two categories we 're dealing with . Um , " enhanced " is what I would suggest We call people like david angar , mike peterson - - People whose gifts were man-made . Skye , raina - - This was inside them , a part of them . We need to understand more about their powers , Especially how to stop them in case that becomes necessary . This is a priority , agent simmons . Understood , sir . And , agent simmons ... Keep this between us . Don 't bring anyone else in . Yes , sir . I left coulson and skye copies of my report . I assume you 're recommending Skye be removed from active duty . I 'm recommending skye leave s.H.I.E.L.D. Altogether . It 's too much for her to deal with - - Emotionally , physically . She needs to be somewhere safe to do that . She is safe with us . You really believe that ? After bahrain ? You better than anyone knows how badly this can end . We 're as close to a family as skye has . Yeah . She likes you . Would you consider consulting for us ? No . I can suggest someone , but it can 't be me . S.H.I.E.L.D. Hasn 't changed . None of it 's changed . There was a reason I moved on back then . And I have another reason now . Her photo 's on my desk . Goodbye , melinda . [ car door opens ] [ engine turns over ] [ propeller whirring ] [ door opens ] Our ride 's here . Let 's go . You were right . For a while there , it all went to hell . It was bad . But now bobbi and I work for an organization , An outlier that came out of the wreckage From what fury left . What organization , mack ? Who the hell are you working for ? S.H.I.E.L.D. The real s.H.I.E.L.D. We 'll return in a moment . [ breathing heavily ] You done yet ? Why didn 't you take daisy ? Why ? She needs you . She needs to be away from those animals that have her . What we do is none of your concern . Then why am I here ? Because you 're making too much noise . Noise ? I 'm sounding a battle cry ! I 'm protecting us from s.H.I.E.L.D. There is no " us . " you 're not one of us . You 're a science experiment . So what happens to me , then ? That 's not for me to decide .
