 Skye : I need to control this or stop it . Otherwise , I don 't know what happens to me . Andrew : You weren 't stopping your powers , skye . You were ... Directing them inward . I 'm recommending skye leave s.H.I.E.L.D. Altogether . No , I know you 're keeping something from me . Mack : Bobbi and I work for an organization That came out of the wreckage from what fury left . Who the hell are you working for ? The real s.H.I.E.L.D. She was wearing a nanomask , disguised as may , But may electrocuted her right in the face . Never turn your back on the enemy . Whitehall 's dead . So you 're free . I don 't know what to do . I can get us out of here . Then we 'll figure it all out . [ country music plays ] Rhonda : You like fried chicken ? Ours is the best in the county . Woman : Oh , I-I 'm not sure . I - - I guess I need another minute . Of course . And what about you , handsome ? Think I 'll try the pumpkin pancakes . How about I grab you some pecan syrup While your friend makes up her mind ? Hmm . Pumpkin pancakes . For dinner ? Did you not hear what she said about the pecan syrup ? Well , you are just full of surprises . Hey , I tried being the meat-and-potatoes guy . Well , I didn 't know that guy , but ... The guy sitting across from me isn 't so bad . Says the girl who saved my ass back in puerto rico , Nursed me back to health ... Well , what else was I going to do ? After whitehall was killed , I was ... Just ... Lost . Then I guess we 're both lucky you found me . [ indistinct conversations ] [ laughter ] Looks like we 're a go . I was really looking forward to those pancakes . All right ! Everybody on the ground now ! [ all screaming ] Do as she says , and nobody gets hurt . Don 't worry , rhonda . Everything 's gonna be just fine . Even left you a tip . [ gasps ] Please , just take it . There 's over $ 200 in there . Put that away . You 're coming with us . Why ? You 're gonna fix my face . Well , the bruising has started to fade , Though I 'm afraid these stress fractures Will require a bit more time to heal . Great . Tried to go zen to keep my powers in check Only to find myself - - aah - - back on the d.L. The " down low " ? The " disabled list . " oh . Oh , yeah . That makes more sense . [ clicking ] yeah , and now I 'm all ... You know , it could just be Growing pains - - from the new powers . You don 't have to put a positive spin on this . I 'm not doing that . I would never patronize the - - Well , the - - Things change . That 's what I 'm saying . So maybe if you can learn to control this , then ... You could have avengers-level powers , Something like captain america , even . I think it best we keep in mind The unstable nature of skye 's power . If there is an avenger equivalent , Right now I 'm afraid it 's the hulk . Well , hulk saved the world , last I checked . But given the choice , I believe bruce banner Would not hesitate to cure himself once and for all . Well , then , I guess we should be thankful That nobody 's given him the choice . Oh , fitz - - Don 't " oh , fitz " me . I 'm be- - [ rumbling ] I 'm sorry , skye . This really isn 't about you . I 'm pretty sure it is . I 'll go back to the cage . Andrew 's recommending skye be removed from s.H.I.E.L.D. , Effective immediately . I agree with his recommendation . [ breathes deeply ] I 've got to admit ... I 'm surprised to hear you say that . I can agree with my ex . Skye 's too dangerous to be out there right now . You just brought her into the field . I had no other choice . You were in danger . I made a call . Were something neither of us saw coming . What won 't we see next time ? Which is why you need to remove skye from the equation . I know it 's difficult , phil . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s always wrestled With how to handle people who are enhanced . And add skye 's alien dna to the mix , It 's a whole new category we have to deal with . This isn 't about categories on the index , may . We 're talking about skye . And as her s.O. , I am telling you , I have no idea how to handle her . You 'll find a way . You always do . Not always . This isn 't bahrain . Okay ? We know who we 're dealing with here . Don 't fool yourself . Skye 's changed . Maybe not on the surface , but inside . She doesn 't know herself anymore . [ beep ] [ electricity crackles ] [ hissing ] I want you to blink twice for me . [ clicking ] Did the facial-scan diagnostic appear ? For two seconds , and the change should take effect . Hmm . That reminds me of my berkeley days . Well , the effect would be far more convincing If you were to replicate the face of another woman . And don 't forget - - I stabilized your vocal processor . Admittedly , it 's not quite as precise as my original nanomask . But regardless , I think you 're going to find it Extremely useful for any on-the-go s.H.I.E.L.D. - - ... Or hydra operations . I see you figured out how to reset the mask . Just remember the program 's memory Can only store up to three facial scans at a time . And you 're sure there 's no way to remove the mask ? There 's nothing I can do . But if you want your old face , just turn the machine off - - No ! You 've seen what 's underneath . Please , I know this is difficult . But look at the bright side - - now you can be anyone you want . [ exhales sharply ] Maybe you can find an old photo from before the accident . Use that for the facial scan . Let the mask do the rest . Not sure where I 'd find one . To be honest , I haven 't even seen her face . Oh . I see . Well , then I guess it 's fair to say We all hide our true selves , don 't we ? Or we just ... Wait for the right time to reveal the truth . So this is what all the fuss is about - - another s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Lower your voice . It 'll all get worked out momentarily . Lower my voice ? You must be joking . So , where now ? To see the wizard ? Eh , something like that . [ sighs ] priceless . I guess one boss wasn 't enough for you and bobbi . Seems the road trip hasn 't dampened your friend 's spirits . Gonzalez . It 's good to see you , sir . It 's been too long , mack . Yeah . It 's good to have you back on board . You must be lance hunter . And you must be crazy . I assure you , none of us wanted this . I think I preferred you acting alone Instead of taking orders from the clown academy . This is not about blindly following orders , mr . Hunter . This is about leaders being held accountable . To the men and women they serve , As well as those that govern alongside them . Thanks for the democracy lesson , lady thomas jefferson . But if it 's all the same , spare me the sales pitch . That 's great . We should throw him in the brig . Let 's not be hasty , tomÃ ¡ s . We at least owe him an explanation . We founded s.H.I.E.L.D. - - The real s.H.I.E.L.D. - - On the belief that leadership should operate With transparency and not from the shadows . Nick fury simply kept too many secrets . Got it . Just one little detail that you seem to have overlooked In your otherwise spot-on assessment . Guy with the eye patch and the secrets , nick fury - - he 's dead . Fury is dead , but coulson 's alive and well . Thanks to one of those secrets . And it seems that instead of learning from those mistakes , Coulson 's heading down the same path . All right . So that 's what this is about . You guys don 't want coulson in charge . I 'll be the first to admit the guy 's not perfect . Sometimes chews with his mouth open , Tends to hog the mike on karaoke nights . But other than that , he 's not so bad , really . Well , I 'm afraid we don 't share that opinion . This is rubbish . Maybe you 've drunk the conspiracy kool-aid , Bobbi would ever bow down to any of this . Perhaps we could have discussed this alone ... Without all of hufflepuff looking on . Hunter ... Please . Okay , then . [ sighs ] Indoctrinate away . It may come as a surprise to you , But I was very close to isabelle hartley . You see , she saved my life in this very facility . Hydra had me dead to rights . You 're not the first person izzy helped out of a pinch . But I may have been the last . By all accounts , isabelle 's death Could have been avoided If agent coulson hadn 't been so relentless In his pursuit of alien tech . Added to that , the tragedy in puerto rico - - The death of agent triplett , The transformation of the young woman , raina . Even agent skye seems to have been affected . And all because of coulson 's search for a city That his own alien writing drove him to find . Yeah , he 's put all that scribbling behind him . Oh . Should we all just get up and go home now ? This is not a decision that we arrived at lightly . I know coulson . He was a good agent . At least , he was before fury injected him with alien dna . Ever since , his behavior 's grown increasingly more troubling . Can you honestly tell me That you don 't share any of these concerns ? [ sighs ] I won 't deny you have a few good points . But why not just take it up with the man himself ? We wanted all the facts first . Which is what bobbi and I have been doing - - gathering intel . Bobbi , you 're an awfully quiet member of this coup d 'etat . What 's your take ? I believe they 're right . Coulson has been compromised . [ beeping ] [ knock on door ] Come in . It 's all there ? Yes , sir . Is there something else ? It 's just ... Possible repercussions . We 've been over this , agent simmons , And I 'm aware of the consequences , But this is my decision to make . Yes , sir . [ buzzing ] ah . No . Ankle bone 's always the toughest . Maybe a game of nerves isn 't the best idea for me . You and I need to take a ride . But why am I suddenly feeling like old yeller right now ? Kind of surprised you know the reference . I 've had a lot of downtime lately . That and fitz really wants a dog . Guess he readjusted his expectations . You can 't tell me where we 're going , can you ? You 're gonna want to pack a bag . [ clicking ] So ... Everything all right ? Uh , yeah , I 'm just deciding on what to wear . Why don 't you let me take care of that ? Where you going ? Pick up another surprise for you . But wait . We just finished with the doctor . It was important he not talk . Now it 's time for the next phase . Wait . I appreciate what you 're doing , really . But you have to stop . I 'm too , um ... I-it 's just ... [ breathing heavily ] I have nothing to give to you in return . That 's not why I 'm doing this . Just be patient . I 'll be back in a couple of hours . [ door opens ] I 'm sorry about everything that 's happening , skye . Not your fault . The blame begins and ends with my dad . Well , you wouldn 't be the first person To have parents with misguided intentions . Nope , just the first whose crazy dad Lured her to an alien city to get earthquake powers . Yeah . I got us a little something for the trip . Thing I remember most about my dad is he was a car guy . Always working on this junker he insisted I help him fix . While my friends were outside , playing ball , having fun , There I was , stuck at home with him , fixing that damn car . Wasn 't till we finished that it hit me . That car was the most beautiful thing I 'd ever seen . And all the time we 'd spent together working on it Gave me an appreciation I never would have had otherwise . Hold on . Was that car a red 1962 corvette ? Yeah . Well , he 'd be very proud . Your red corvette flies . How cool is that ? It 's pretty cool . But I think the thing he 'd like most about it - - At her core , she 's still just a red ' 62 corvette . Just to be clear , I-I 'm the corvette in this story . Right ? Now you want to tell me where we 're going ? We 're almost there . Agent 33 : Have a seat . I 'll be right in . What have you done ? When you left , it got me thinking ... What do I have to offer that you would even want ? Hmm . Surprise . Wait . Wait . What are you doing ? I 'm giving you what you want . You 're wrong . We both know that 's not true . You took skye off that s.H.I.E.L.D. Plane for a reason . I made her a promise . You don 't have to pretend . I saw the way you looked at her . And you also picked me up from the floor after she shot me . Whatever I may have thought there was between me and skye , She made it pretty clear the feeling wasn 't mutual . I 'm not insane . Uh , I 'm ... Sorry . Please , you have to forgive me . This is so stupid . It 's okay . [ sighs ] I - - I ju- - I thought that if ... I looked like her , then maybe ... Maybe there 's a chance we could be together . Well , maybe we could . But not as skye or may . No . It has to be with you . Me ? Yeah . There is no me . Whoever I was before is destroyed ! [ panting ] Whitehall wiped her all away . How 's your cover with coulson ? We 're giving him updates once a day , Painting in broad strokes . Heartbroken ex-husband , finding comfort in a bottle , That kind of thing . It 's time for you to get back , then . Play it as ships passing in the night . Roger that . What 's your take on hunter ? He 's not really the type to show his cards , Especially in front of an audience . Would you tell me if he was ? What are you implying , robert ? I know that you and hunter have been reconnecting lately . Maybe that 's taken your focus off the big picture . You really want to play that angle , After the hell you and I have been through here together ? I need to make sure that you 're all-in , barbara . I 'm all-in . Good . Then you 'll understand why we 're keeping hunter on the base Till the coulson situation has been resolved . My family did a number on me - - Stripped me down , left me ... Hollow . So , when someone finally did come along And offer to build me back up , I didn 't resist ... Even though what he really did was make me a killer . But you seem so well-adjusted . It was a long road . Took getting locked up to give me some perspective . But then I paid my family a visit . They were surprised to see me , but I think that eventually , We were able to ... Dig in , really ... Express our feelings . That 's it ? I haven 't looked back since . You are the only one who can find yourself . But maybe This will help . What is it ? Closure . Agent 33 : Sunil bakshi ? He 's in air force custody under a guy named talbot . I was thinking you and I should drop by and say hello . Bakshi was the one who dragged me from my safe house , Prepped me for whitehall . Which is why you need a face-to-face - - To get all this out . Let him know how you really feel . I ... I-I - - I 'm sorry . I just - - I can 't - - No . Hey . It 's okay . We 'll do this together . I 'll be there every step of the way . Okay . Okay . But how ? You said he 's in air force custody . Got that all worked out . First You ... Are gonna need this . I could have swore it was in here somewhere . Unless maybe I put it in my other purse . Is everything okay , mrs . Talbot ? Well , obviously not . I can 't find my I.D. Anywhere . It 's not that , ma 'am . It sounds like you have a cold . [ sighs ] can 't seem to shake the damn thing . Probably got it from my son , the little germ factory . [ chuckles ] How about I just call the general , Get this all straightened out ? The thing about a riding mower Is it gives you a superior cut , Lets you control the terrain . That 's very informative , sir . You got two hands , four wheels ... One saddle . That 's really what it 's all about , lieutenant . [ telephone rings ] General talbot 's office . I see . It 's security . Your wife left her I.D. At home again . It 's a little early for taco Tuesday , isn 't it ? All right . Send her up . Yes , ma 'am . Sorry about the wait , mrs . Talbot . You 're all set . I hope you feel better . Thank you . Coulson : It 's one of fury 's old retreats . Haven 't been in here in years . Fury 's not the kind of guy who has a cabin just to relax . What is this place ? It 's a safe house for people with powers . Rogers even spent a few weeks here after he defrosted . Okay , but who 's it supposed to keep safe - - The people with powers or everyone else ? Both . Skye , I 'm afraid I have to pull you from active duty . I just didn 't think that you 'd lock me up Like a werewolf during full moon . You 're not alone here . Feels pretty isolated to me . And may will keep dropping by every couple of days . What am I supposed to do ? Go fishing ? Probably not a good idea . There 's a laser fence around the perimeter . You can 't get to the lake . Look , this is a safe place . You can relax here . You can use this time to get a handle on your abilities . Yeah , ' cause that 's worked great so far . Well , maybe it 's time we give you a hand with that . Simmons has been working around the clock on these . She assures me they 'll cut your recovery time in half . Skye : Is that an " on " switch ? The internal wiring emits a surge of electricity To inhibit your powers . So these take my powers away ? More like decrease their magnitude To keep you from hurting yourself . Like I said , we want you to heal . Seems like a no-brainer . It 's a personal call . What do you mean ? Are there side effects ? A few . Simmons can go over them with you later . Are these gloves really my best option ? I can 't answer that question for you , skye . Stop being this s.H.I.E.L.D. Guy for just one second , okay ? Please . We 've been through way too much together . I just need you to be my friend right now . What would you do if you were me ? I don 't know . These are uncharted waters , But if anybody can find a way through them , it 's you . 'cause I 'm the red corvette . Because you 're one of the few people I know I can trust . Do something to your hair , major ? Looks good . [ beep ] What the hell ? Feed go out ? Yeah , and I can 't figure out why . Any ideas ? Might know a little something . [ cellphone rings ] Hey , honey . Get lost on the way to my office ? No , I 'm not lost . I 'm just stuck in some traffic . Wait , you 're telling me you 're still in the car ? I swear , this construction on 5th has been going on forever . But I just s- - [ beep ] she 's not really here . Excuse me , sir ? I need you to lock down The base for me right now , lieutenant . And if you see me someplace I 'm not supposed to be , I 'm not there . It 's that damn mask again . Get to the sat room . Make contact with phil coulson . Tell him the nanomask is in play . No one comes in here without my permission . No one . Is that everybody ? All female personnel are accounted for , sir . Outstanding . At ease . We have a situation . There is a mole on our base . This mole infiltrated security by posing as my wife And could be anyone in this room right now . Make no mistake - - This is an enemy combatant , one not to be taken lightly . But rest assured , I will find this perpetrator . Because if there is one thing that I cannot stand , It is a spy in my house . May : Mack . You want to tell me what 's going on ? Excuse me ? You 've been off-campus several days babysitting hunter . Yet here you are . What ? Oh , and still no hunter , yeah . I spent the last 48 hours in athens , georgia , Keeping the guy out of bar fights . I mean , the guy 's in no shape to return . Well , then we 've got a problem . I 'm not sure I 'm seeing it . Hunter didn 't resign or take a leave of absence . He went awol . Yeah , a broken heart will make a guy do dumb things . So will money and opportunity . Oh . No , uh ... What , you think hunter might sell s.H.I.E.L.D. Secrets ? The only threat this guy poses is to himself . Bobbi there when you left ? No , I didn 't see her . Two ships pass in the night , I suppose . Call coulson . He 's waiting for your report . Will do . Is there anything else ? Uh ... No . You 've done enough already . Okay . Thanks for the update , mack . Is everything okay ? I 'm afraid I have to get back . I get it . Didn 't expect you to stay and roast marshmallows . This is temporary , skye . I 'll be back in a couple days . If you need anything - - I 'll let you know . [ sighs ] we 'll figure this out . I promise . Captain andersen . I believe your daughter goes to school with my boy . I don 't have a daughter , sir . No , you do not . Lieutenant ... When was the last time I got your name right ? Never . Sir . You are correct . I think we have a winner , folks . This is not your face . General , please ... Sorry about that , meredith . Damn it ! Where is she ? ! Uniform 's a little big . Shortest guy I could find . Any luck with security clearance ? Come on . Follow me . [ keys jingle ] What is it you want ? Agent 33 . Loyal to the very end . [ whistles ] What are you doing here ? Just lending a hand . Whose orders are you following ? My own . Agent 33 , you need to listen to me very carefully . You 've lost your way . Take a deep breath . Calm your mind ... And your compliance will be - - Seems they all check out . Then who the hell was that masquerading as my wife ? Uh , sir ... Hi , honey . Stop right there ! Th-the guard wasn 't at the front , so I just walked in . Get down ! [ gun cocks ] Glenn , you 're scaring me . Now ! Okay . Put your face on the carpet ! Okay ! God ! What is wrong with you ? ! God , I-I-I even brought those little pork taquitos That you like so much . [ sobs ] honey ... [ crying ] Carla ? [ door opens ] [ door closes ] I 'm sorry . You could have just told me , bob . I was hoping to keep you out of this . [ scoffs ] You 're right . I totally blew that one . I gave your name to coulson because hartley needed backup . I never thought you 'd stay , let alone care . Then you started asking questions About what mack and I were up to . And the next thing I know , he has you tied up in his trunk . [ scoffs ] Least fun road trip of my life . Forgetting arizona ? More like repressing the memory . Still can 't listen to the eagles without getting the chills . [ chuckles ] I should have known it wouldn 't work out between us . I mean , we first hit it off When you were sent to steal intel from me . Well , I made it worth your while . Time of my life , really . But maybe not the bedrock foundation Upon which a marriage is built . Everything I felt for you - - that was real . Yeah , maybe so . But in the end , you still got that intel , didn 't you . Hunter ... It 's always the same pattern , love . I fall for you , only to discover You got something else up and running . There was no hidden agenda with you . But your actions clearly suggest otherwise . Can 't you just meet me halfway ? I want to . Just tell me how . Walk away . Right now . You and I - - we can leave all this mess behind , Just start over , be new people , be better people . I 'm sorry . I need to finish this . Fine . Well , I 'm leaving , bob . So don 't try and stop me . I won 't . Everybody else will . [ grunts ] There 's nowhere to go ! Damn it , hunter . Bloody hell . Sir . Where 's skye ? I 'm afraid that 's confidential . 'cause you 're keeping her prisoner somewhere , aren 't you ? Skye is safe , agent fitz . That 's all you need to know . You took something Up to coulson earlier . What was it ? It was nothing . Didn 't look like nothing . What was in the case , jemma ? Something to help skye . Because you want to change her . Is that it ? Stop it . I don 't want to change skye . The diviner did that . I 'm just trying to fix her . You never used to be this scared . You know that ? Trip died , fitz , All because we didn 't take the necessary precautions . No , it 's not that . You 're afraid . 'cause of what happened to me and skye , How we both changed . Well , you know what the scariest change is , jemma ? It 's you . Agent 33 infiltrated your base to break out sunil bakshi ? Turns out she wasn 't working alone , either . We managed to track down video Of the vehicle leaving the premises . Guess who was behind the wheel . Grant ward . Agent 33 must have dragged him out of puerto rico . Guessing we haven 't heard the last of this . Your wife - - how 's she holding up ? Rattled , which is to be expected . Damn experience nearly cost me my marriage . I 'm gonna be up to my ears in edible arrangements Trying to make this thing right . I lost two men to those psychopaths . Good men . My condolences . It 's never easy . Just tell me we 'll get those sons of bitches , coulson . You have my word , general . All right , then . I 'll be in touch . [ beep ] It 's a lot to process . Throw it on the heap . Everything all right , phil ? Earlier today , with skye ... Just didn 't feel right . You made the right call . There 's just too many things in play right now For her to be here . Yeah , maybe . But you ever get that feeling ... Like you mishandled something important ? [ sighs ] yeah . It 's how I felt after leaving andrew . So , mack - - you believe him ? Nope . Guess it 's time we find out what he 's up to . Hey , it 's me . Something happened with skye . I think we have a situation . It appears hunter escaped Using one of the ship 's submersible pods . We 've managed to scramble communications , But he 's disabled the gps . So we don 't know where he is . Or where he 's going . Once he reaches shore , he 's a free man , Able to communicate with whomever he pleases . We approximate 12 hours till he reaches the coast . We may have a bigger problem . I just got off the phone with mack . Seems coulson 's put skye in hiding . Stockpiling enhanced people ? I doubt that . Skye and coulson - - they 're close . She 's more than just some asset to him . So says the person whose ex-husband just flew the coop . Agent calderon ... We all know bobbi could have taken out that tea cup I might just have to test that theory out on your face . Enough . Bobbi gave me her word she 's still committed , And I have no reason to doubt her . This is your op , morse , so tell me - - How do you want to proceed ? Skye 's not the main concern . Coulson and his secrets - - that 's the threat . And I think it 's time that we remove that threat . I want to go back in . You got to be crazy . You know that hunter could blow your cover at any moment . And weaver ? She gave you 12 hours . I only need six . We 'll return in a moment . [ beep ] [ inhales sharply ] Nice to finally meet you . I 'm grant . Kara . I 'm proud of you , kara . [ gasps ] Thank you so much . You did this . And it is just the beginning . Guess that 's true . It 's going to be a long night . Guess we should get started , then . You really think this 'll work ? We 'll see . [ groans ] If I obey , will my compliance be rewarded ? To be honest , It really won 't make a difference .
