 Narrator : Previously on helix . What 's so important about this root ? Anne : You 're missing the point . Mother is a means to an end . It 's very dangerous . Dr. Kyle ! Shut up ! Shut up ! No ! Dr. Kyle 's not feeling very well . I want you to stay away from him Until we can get him some of that red sap . Why not just bring him to the bleeding tree ? ( grunting ) ( yelling ) ( yelling ) Don 't hurt her ! Find me ! Say goodbye to your son ! That baby is the key to giving you immortality . We 'll have to implant the baby into your uterus . I 'm going to be a mother ! No ! No ! No ! Anne : At some point , you must decide What kind of man you want to be , One who fears or one who inspires fear . Are you ready to lead ? ( beeping ) Our latest compound . It was hard to mass produce on such short notice , But i think we finally got it . Let me be the judge of that . ( mechanical clunking ) ( buzzer ringing ) ( gas hissing ) ( baboon hooting ) It 's an organophosphate pesticide , Similar to vx gas . It kills everything it touches . ( screeching ) And that should do it . Exactly how many barrels do you need ? All of them . ( gurgling softly ) You 're a natural with that baby . You 'll be the father he needs . I don 't know anything about being a parent . You don 't need to . You 're a born leader . ( chuckles softly ) You will help us to rebuild , Fill this room With the sounds of children once again . He needs a name . I hadn 't even thought of that . Anne : Well , we can choose a name later . Right now , we have a job to do . Loose ends that need to be tied up . Loose ends ? The skeptics , of course . If we 're going to rebuild , there can be no interference . We can easily expel them from the abbey . If you think that 's best . You don 't ? I 'm worried they might expose us . Can we afford to take that risk ? Sarah would leave . Probably kyle , too . But alan ... He 's like a dog with a bone . He 'd never leave us in peace . I will stand behind any decision you make . Peter : Shh . None of them can leave the island . Not even your brother ? Especially not my brother . Sister amy : Exactly how are you going to get a baby inside of me ? Julia : With this . Sister amy : What is it ? An artificial umbilical cord and placenta That will allow us to implant jordan 's baby into your uterus . And then i 'll be like my father ? Not yet . Your body 's not ready to carry a baby . ( metal creaking ) Sister amy : Well , get on with it . Sorry . We 'll need to raise your estrogen and progesterone levels So we can be sure the implant will take . ( bell tolling ) Is this really necessary ? The sap is holding off the mycosis , But you 're still plenty sick . How are you going to do that ? It 's not as though we have barrels of estrogen lying around . You do have livestock . A gradual course of bovine hormones Should shock your body into creating The proper environment for the fetus . When can i go see my mom ? We 'll find her for you , But we need to do some tests on you , Figure out why you got better . Think you can help us with that ? Sure . When do i become immortal ? Once your system begins to react to the baby 's immortal blood , It should allow you to absorb the same genetic materials That kept it in stasis for 15 months . Now that you got that sap , we got to get off this island . I need to distill it first into a concentrate For kyle and anyone else who may be sick . You can do that once we 're off the island . I 'm calling in an immediate evac . Dr. Farragut ... Take soren to the octagon . Alan . Jules . What are you doing here ? Looking for you . But you 've been busy , With your new friends at ilaria . Same friends you 've been stalking and killing ? I searched everywhere for you . I burnt down every ilaria stronghold i could find . I never asked you to do that . The last thing you said Was " find me . " You 're right . Things are different now . Listen , alan . Ilaria 's planning to release a new version of narvik worldwide . When ? Two days unless i can give them a viable alternative . To genocide ? The infertility compound in michael 's apple It 's the only option they 'll consider . That 's the plan ? Slow death of the human race as opposed to all at once ? We can control the output , Limit the population without exterminating them . Spoken like hatake 's daughter . I am hatake 's daughter . It 's either this or narvik , so help me Or get out of my way , but don 't interfere . Or what , jules ? What are you going to do ? What happened to the woman i fell in love with ? She became immortal . What happened to these two ? I don 't ask questions . Amy said to take care of the bodies . Good riddance for this one . Never liked him much . ( growling ) ( bones cracking ) ( groaning ) They said you were dead ! ( theme music playing ) ( door opens ) It 's too far to jump , And even if you didn 't break your legs in the fall , Where would you go ? As far away from here as i could . There 's no running away from here . Could you give us a minute ? Olivia : Amy told me to keep an eye on her . And i 'm telling you she 's not a prisoner . Now leave us . I 'm sorry , sarah . I didn 't mean for any of this ... Save you apology , julia . I 'm not letting you give my child to amy . If i don 't make amy immortal , she won 't give me mother . Without the root , i can 't stop ilaria . And the only option is using the child i made with alan . You have to trust me . This is the only way we can save the world And your baby . By putting him inside that psychopath ? The fetus stopped growing inside you . Maybe gestating inside a mortal will allow it To grow again . If we try this , We give your baby a chance to live . ( kyle grunting ) ( dialing ) ( beeping ) Make sure he can 't hurt himself . He 's still part of the cdc team . This isn 't necessary . I 'm fine ! We have a new problem . You guys were doing such a good job of handling the old one . There 's going to be a new narvik outbreak . What ? In two days ' time . You need to contact your superiors . I 've been trying to hail them since we got back . I 'm not getting any response . Are their comlinks down ? That would never happen . Unless ... What ? I need to make visual contact . Oh , my god . What ? What am i looking at , a rescue ? Just the opposite . They 're going to kill everything . What the hell is going on ? Why are those ships out there ? After the first narvik attacks , The military enacted a new set of protocols To deal with an aggressively infections disease . Anything with an r nought over 8 Is met with a two-part response . Plan a is aggressive containment . But isn 't that what you came to do ? And we thought we succeeded . But now that the pathogen has hit our ships , They must have decided to implement plan b . Which is what ? Eradication . Aerial spraying with an organophosphate pesticide . They 're going to kill everything on the island . And you knew this was coming ? We should have been long gone by now . What are you doing ? Preparing for an evacuation . You don 't understand , plan b involves killing all life forms On this island . There is no evac . Well then , you need to call them on a different frequency And tell them there are still people here . The protocol assumes everyone has been exposed And the pathogen is untreatable . Communications are jammed to avoid the possibility Of rescuing any of the infected who could spread the disease . Dr. Farragut , we 're dead . Not if i can synthesize a cure . We don 't have time . The planes will be coming in to spray at sunset . Then we have roughly six hours . You send your team out there , Have them find us a secure place to hunker down When they start spraying , And if i can make this concentrated sap work , We 'll hail the navy somehow and negotiate our way out . Woman : Hello , doctor . I need to speak to dr . Sommer . We 've been given orders to keep him isolated . He works for the cdc and is under my command , So unless you want to take this up with the inspector general , I suggest you step aside . You 've got two minutes . Thank you . Thank you , lieutenant . How are you doing , pal ? Never felt better . That 's good . I wouldn 't want anything else to happen to you While you 're here on this island . The attacks , the illness ... You 've had some pretty bad luck since you got here . Guess so . But i guess we both know It 's not really bad luck , right ? We know who 's responsible . Responsible ? For all the bad things that have happened to you , To me , to sarah . It 's alan . He 's the one behind all our troubles . He is ? Someone needs to stop him before it 's too late . I could stop him . That 's why they sent me here . Of course you can . If you weren 't tied up in here . Why don 't we just Keep this between us , yeah ? Thank you , doctor sommer . Have you heard ? You 're going to be a grandmother . Why are you doing this , amy ? I 'm giving your life purpose . You should be thanking me . What 's that supposed to mean ? You 've always needed someone to worship . When ilaria finishes making me immortal like father , You can bow before me . You think that 's what i want ? For you to be immortal ? Nothing could be farther from the truth . ( chuckling ) oh , right . You 're still mad that i 'm in charge now ? I 'm not mad . Maybe that 's your problem . Don 't you ever want to get really angry ? Scream at someone ? Hit them in the face ? I don 't have a problem . I 'm just giving you a chance to apologize . ( laughing ) Apologize ? For what ? You 've hurt a great many people . I hope one day You 'll realize how your actions Have ruined the lives of others . And i hope you 'll come off your high horse . If i wanted counseling , i 'd go to michael . ( sarcastic gasp ) Too late for that now . Just remember , I gave you a chance . Julia : Sergio ? What happened ? One of the followers found him . I thought you should know . Balleseros was a highly-trained mercenary . Who here could have done this to him ? I 'm sure amy was behind this . You 're probably right . She still has what i need . What are you looking for ? This . Why don 't we just take the root from amy ? She has it hidden . We have to go through with the procedure . Fine . I 'm going to help you . But this better save my child . Why do you need to take my blood ? Because Blood is everything . It can tell us all about you , What makes you the same as others , What makes you different . Right now , I 'm trying to see Why you got better And others didn 't . My theory is that your blood is unique . So now i can analyze it to see if the data supports that . Does that mean that i can make dr . Kyle better ? Maybe , in combination with the red sap From the bleeding tree . Just as i thought . Your blood is very special . Really ? Can i see ? Yeah , yeah , come on . Wow ! What does it mean ? It means we might just be able To manufacture a cure for the mycosis . Move . Can you show me how ? ( door opening ) Soren ! Mom ! I thought i 'd lost you . Soren , what happened to your eye ? I 'm okay now . Dr. Kyle and jerome ... I mean , alan , they brought me home . They saved me . He was very brave . I owe you , and michael always told us to pay our debts . Mom . He 's going to show me how to make the cure . Dr. Summer . Time to eat . ( head slamming ) ( grunting ) ( groaning ) ( softly ) help me . Help me . I 'm sorry , lieutenant humphries , But your path ends here . ( blade slicing ) ( humphries groaning and choking ) ( distorted sound and screeches ) ( sighs ) Peter ? What happened ? Is the baby hurt ? No , he 's fine . Not a scratch on him . And you ? I 'm good . Really good . ( gurgling ) yeah . So it 's done ? Just like we talked about . Did anyone see you ? We have to be careful . Huh ! I think he smiled at me ! Did you see that ? He smiled ! Now it 's your turn . Are you ready ? More than ready . Good . This should be over by nightfall . Hey . Remind you of anything ? Alan : Where 's dr . Sommer ? No one knows . There were no witnesses . This is wrong . Tell me about it . No ... I mean , mycotics are brutal . They ... They 're clumsy . They kill from a deep psychosis . This is surgical , it 's ... Precise . The almost poetic reference to the tree ... So who do you think did it , robert frost ? Has anyone been in here besides us today ? The other cdc doctor . He was here . Peter farragut , my brother ? He wanted to talk to dr . Sommer . Came in throwing his weight around . How long did they spend together ? What are you getting at , alan ? I don 't think kyle did this . I am not debating this . We 've got three hours before sunset . Continue with locking down the interior . If you come across dr . Sommer , orders are shoot on sight . Now , wait a minute ... I 'm not taking any more chances With the lives of my men ! Move out ! Coast guard officer : Let 's go ! Other officer : Come on ! Thank you for your sacrifice . You died to ensure his glory . Don 't worry ... I 'll be a good mother . Soon , the three of us will be sisters . Just rest now . It 'll be over soon . ( chuckles ) interesting choice of words . Just remember . If anything happens to me , You 'll never find mother . I made sure of that . ( inhaling ) She 's out . Don 't . You don 't understand . It 's not your child . Sarah , i can 't let you kill her . I need you to trust me . ( slow , deep breathing ) Landry ? Landry ? Landry , my sweet boy . You can come out . No one is going to hurt you . ( breathing heavily ) Are you in pain ? Amy ... Your sister is on a dangerous path , And i fear she has corrupted yours . Your feelings for her will be your undoing . You must break free from the hold she has over you . No ! ( choking ) ( grunting angrily ) Landry ! Landry ! Please ! ( screams ) no , landry , please ! ( groans ) Amy . Amy : ( weakly ) mmm ... Amy , can you hear me ? Mmm-hmm . How do you feel ? Fine , i ... I don 't feel any pain , nothing ... You don 't feel anything Because the procedure was successful . You really did it ? See for yourself . ( gasping ) Finally ! I 'm immortal . ( laughing ) immortal ! Just like i was always meant to be . ( laughing and crying ) ( door slamming ) What do you want , peter ? I want nothing from you , brother . Oh . Well then , maybe you have a confession to make ? You want a confession ? If the tables were turned , I wouldn 't have helped you out of that pit , either . Get out of my way . I spoke to julia . She 'd like to see you . What are you , her errand boy ? There 's a new development , something about narvik c . What about it ? She wouldn 't tell me . I guess it 's the jules and alan show again , Just like old times . Spare me , peter . You made your own bed . Look , i said i 'd tell you . Go see her , don 't go see her , i don 't care . Where is she ? In the botany lab . What 's she doing there ? How the hell should i know ? I 'm just the errand boy . ( whistling somewhere over the rainbow ) Jules ? Jules ! ( grunting ) whoo ! Think i got me a big one ! ( choking ) ( struggling ) ( chuckling maniacally ) Well , well , well ! Kyle ... Don 't " kyle " me ! I 'm on to you . Took me a while to figure it out , but ... I got your number now , doc . You 're sick ! No , my friend , You 're sick . Back when i was sojourning at casa del cadmus , I had some time to think . And the one thought that kept gnawing at my brain was , What in the world was dr . Alan farragut Doing on this island for all those months Before the contagion hit the boat ? I mean , if you were really here to stop The worldwide immortal conspiracy , Why didn 't you kill michael ? ( struggling to speak ) You had plenty of opportunities . What now ? Can 't hear you . Ilaria ... Ilaria . Right . ( dropping tool ) ( glass shattering ) You 're in paris , picking off immortals one by one , But you realize , that could take forever . Then you get a piece of intel About a rogue immortal Running experiments on this island , so , You hop a boat and join the fellowship . Hallelujah ! Cut me down ... You really wanted to stick it to ilaria , didn 't you ? So you stay here . But not working against michael . No ! Working for him . Developing the perfect biological weapon Of a fungus that would infect anybody Who ingested it . You created this . You did this to me . No ... Thought you were going to watch me die , did ya ? Now i 'm going to return the favor . And then i think i 'm gonna eat your eyes . ( groaning ) You know what i don 't understand ? Why we go to such inexhaustible lengths To hide these . Michael with his injections , You with your contact lenses . I will never hide My glorious silver eyes . It 's time for you to keep up your end of the deal . Where 's mother ? Why you care about a dried-up old root is beyond me . I couldn 't see before . But now ... Everything is so clear , so endless . ( mirror shattering ) Well , that 's seven years ' bad luck . I 'm not going to ask you again . What do we care ? Seven years is a drop in the bucket ... Just because you 're immortal Doesn 't mean you can 't die . Fine . If you want it that badly , You 'll find it in the hollowed-out belly Of an old tree stump 150 yards north of the main gate . Alan : More duct tape here ! Woman : Tighter up here ! Man 2 : Coming right up ! Alan : Disable the fan ! Man 2 : More over there ... ( choking ) What 's wrong , doc ? Can 't hold out any longer ? Oh ! What 's this ? You want to play too , huh ? Huh ? ( groaning ) Woman : Are you kidding ? Gear up , boys , this is going down ! Get your mopp suits and gas masks on . They should protect us . We have a mission to finish . ( somewhere over the rainbow playing ) ( gas hissing ) ♪ somewhere over the rainbow ♪ way up high ♪ there 's a land that i heard of ♪ once in a lullaby ♪ somewhere over the rainbow ( laughing hysterically ) you see father ? I 'm just like you , only better ! You spent 500 years trying to make an immortal , And i ... I succeeded in a mere 19 ! ( giggling ) your legacy is over And mine is just beginning ! ( laughing ) ♪ wake up where the clouds are far behind me ♪ where troubles melt like lemon drops ♪ away above the chimney tops ♪ that 's where you 'll find me ♪ somewhere over the rainbow ♪ bluebirds fly ♪ birds fly over the rainbow ♪ why , then ... ( cackling ) ( coughing and choking ) ♪ oh , why can 't i ? ♪ ( skin sizzling ) What 's happening to me ? ( choking and gasping ) You cheated me ! ( choking ) ( wailing ) ( door opens ) My god . You did it , peter . You saved the abbey . Now you just have to finish the job . ( gasping and choking ) ( alan choking and coughing ) ( exhales ) You do this yourself ? Yeah , you showed me how ! You said it would save dr . Kyle . It did , And it saved me . I 'm on a good path ? You 're on a good path . You are on a good path . ( choking and coughing ) Julia ! ( coughs ) are you okay ? ( gasping and coughing ) You found mother ! So did the gas . Oh , no ... It 's dead . Now the rest of the world 's going to be dead , too . ( theme music playing )
