 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... - Skye : What is this place ? - Coulson : It 's a safe house for people with powers . Simmons has been working around the clock on these . So these take my powers away ? - Are there side effects ? - A few . Mack : Bobbi and I work for an organization that came out of the wreckage from what Fury left . Who the hell are you working for ? The real S.H.I.E.L.D. There 's nowhere to go ! Weaver : It appears Hunter escaped using one of the ship 's submersible pods . I know Coulson . His behavior 's grown increasingly more troubling . Coulson and his secrets , that 's the threat . And I think it 's time that we remove that threat . I want to go back in . [ Explosions ] Today , world leaders are scrambling for answers - after S.H.I.E.L.D. was crippled ... - [ Glass shattering ] by a series of devastating attacks . No one seems to be sure how long the terrorist group known as Hydra - has been operating within S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s ranks . - [ Electricity crackling ] But today , They made their presence known when they destroyed S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters , - the Triskelion . - I can 't feel my arm , Mack . Can 't feel it . Tim , I 'm gonna need you to trust me now , buddy . - It 's gonna be okay . - Once affiliated with the Nazi party , Hy ... [ gunshot ] [ Electricity crackles ] [ Explosions continue in distance ] Always with the Nazi stuff . _ Now , which one of you is the chief engineer ? [ Gunfire in distance ] I ask one more time , and then I start shooting . Who is this ship 's chief engineer ? It 's me . - I-I 'm chief . - No ! No ! No ! - [ Gun cocks ] - He 's lying to protect me . I 'm the one you 're looking for . - [ Grunts ] - Tim ! No ! No ! I don 't like liars . So , with that in mind , where are the ship 's schematics ? - [ Guns cock ] - Get down ! That man just died because of you . How many more do you want on your conscience today , huh ? - What the hell is that ? - [ Beeping ] Weapons down . [ Grunts ] [ Electricity crackles ] Got to get you a gun one of these days . Save my bullets for the real fight . [ Gunfire continues in distance ] [ Indistinct shouting in distance ] [ Blows ] What is that thing ? A phone . Needed a distraction . We used all of our other gadgets getting into the ship . Hydra 's everywhere , Mack . Hey . This isn 't over yet . [ Gun cocks ] Time to get moving . What 's the plan ? What are you even doing here ? Fury left us orders . To do what ? To save S.H.I.E.L.D. _ [ tires screech ] So , I got to say , this is quite an honor . I know how much Lola means to you . I figured you earned a peek under the hood , but not without supervision . [ Chuckles ] Of course not . - Wouldn 't have it any other way . - Sir ? No sign of Hunter . He must have taken off right after Mack saw him . Guess you were right . Permanence isn 't his thing . I believe any reservations that he has are about me , not S.H.I.E.L.D. Honestly , I let things get out of hand between the two of us . - I take full ... - Don 't . Hunter 's not your responsibility . He 's my agent . That 's why I put out feelers of my own . We 'll see soon enough where he stands . Well , let me know if there 's anything I can do to help . The path we 've chosen ... [ sighs ] Doesn 't leave a lot of room for trust , does it ? [ Beep ] Skye : It 's a little weird here . I 'm settling in . I 've played a couple dozen games of solitaire . It 's a lonely game , that solitaire . [ Chuckles ] Well , May will head there soon , so don 't give up on solitaire just yet . And who do I have to thank for the little Debbie snack cakes ? That was Coulson 's idea . But I did pick you out some nice gluten-free biscuits . Ah . Yeah , I 'll ... I 'll ... I ... I 'll look for those . Have you tried on the gloves yet ? I have not , but I ... I will . Well , when you 're feeling up to it , it might be worth giving them a go . They 're obviously just a prototype , but they 're laced with a microthread I designed , which should accelerate your healing and dampen the vibrations . I just want you to be safe , Skye . You know that , right ? I do . It means a lot , Jemma . Thank you . Okay , then . Call me if you need anything . I will . Bye . [ Beep ] How 's your science experiment going ? I told you , Leo , I 'm only trying to help . Whatever , Jemma . It 's not the first time you 've taken a look under Lola 's hood , is it ? That toy car you gave me It 's a perfect replica . Well , almost perfect . It doesn 't fly yet , sir , but I promise you I 'm working on it . That was unfortunate , but that 's not what I 'm talking about . I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm not following . Yes , you are . I know Lola like the back of my hand , so it wasn 't too hard to find once I went looking . I still haven 't figured out what that component you put in there does , but I 'm having Fitz take a look now . You could save everyone a lot of trouble by just telling me what it is you 're after . You went through rigorous testing when you joined my team . Help me remember . What did you say when I asked if you were loyal to S.H.I.E.L.D. ? I said I was because I am , and that 's the truth , sir . Look ... you 've always been brutally honest with me , and I value that . So I 'm giving you a chance here . Just tell me who you 're working for . I work for S.H.I.E.L.D. So you want to do this the other way ? Okay , then . [ Guns cock ] [ Gun cocks ] I 've lost too many friends to Hydra . So have I. You 're not in this alone . I know that much . Are you working with Hunter ? Or is he just a pawn in this , too ? Oh , God . Get May on the line ... now . [ Beep ] - [ Gun cocks ] - May : I told Coulson there was no way . I hate being wrong . Please , okay ? There 's no need for the gun . I can explain . Can 't wait . I work for S.H.I.E.L.D. I do . I swear . But you don 't . Try again . What Coulson 's doing here , this isn 't S.H.I.E.L.D ... not the real S.H.I.E.L.D. , anyway . The last person who betrayed me ... I broke his larynx . Hand that over . [ Grunts ] May , it doesn 't have to be like this . [ Both grunting ] [ Gun cocks ] I didn 't want this . [ Grunts ] Damn it . You three , find him . The rest of you , follow me . It 's us . Found Fitz . Talk to me . It 's Bobbi . She set off some kind of E.M.P. She 's gone . Mack , too . He embedded a scanner into little Lola 's engine . It was programmed to find anything with vibranium . [ Sighs ] That 's how Bobbi knew where to look . She has Fury 's toolbox . Go . Find her . We can 't let them escape . We won 't . I 'll make my way to the server room and initiate a manual lockdown . They know all of our protocols . We handed Mack the schematics of our base . They don 't know everything about this place ... not like we do . She said she was working for S.H.I.E.L.D. , Phil ... the real S.H.I.E.L.D. What the hell does that mean ? [ Gun cocks ] _ We 're running out of time , Mack . I need to find him . Conference room is up ahead . If he 's not there ... [ Gunfire in distance ] [ Glass shatters ] Commander Gonzales , wait . - We 're not Hydra . - I 've heard that before . I 'm Agent Bobbi Morse . We 're here under Fury 's orders ... protocol A-S-T-A-0-6 . Thank God . It 's been a bastard of a day . Sir , our mission is to get you off the ship . That man there had an ax . Now I have it . Still , left quite a mark . [ Indistinct conversations in distance ] [ Beep ] Agent Morse . Coulson and May knew something was up . I had to go to plan " B. " What about Mack ? Unclear , but I have the toolbox . Good work . Any word on Hunter ? We 're still trying to track the evac pod . No luck yet . Have you found the girl 's location ? No , but if Coulson knew something was up , he probably took Skye somewhere far away from here . [ Crickets chirping ] [ Fire crackling ] [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] [ Inhales sharply ] [ Groans ] [ Breathing heavily ] [ Whirring ] Whoa . [ Keyboard clacking ] [ Computer dinging ] [ Beeping ] [ Ringing ] Simmons : Hello . This is Jemma Simmons . Please leave a message . - [ Beep ] - Hey , Jemma . It 's me . Um , can you call me back ? I ... I put the gloves on , but , uh , are they supposed to make you feel woozy ? Um , maybe that 's just a side effect . Also , are they supposed to be this tight ? I 'm not complaining . I 'm just wondering . Anyway , call me back when you can . - Okay , bye . - [ Beep ] [ Clanging ] [ Knocking ] Whoa . [ Electricity crackling ] [ Beeping ] Uh , Fitz , why did you make me watch " Paranormal Activity " ? [ Electricity crackles ] [ Door creaks ] [ Sighs ] [ Door creaks ] [ Knock on door ] Hello , Skye . I 'm Gordon . May I come in ? [ Chuckling ] So , What is the plan with that ? You ... You can see ? Hmm . [ Door closes ] Not the way you do , but I can see that you are afraid . You don 't need to be . Not with me . Who are you ? I 'm like you . And I 've come here as a friend . Can 't imagine how it must have felt to go through your transformation without any understanding of what to expect . I had years to prepare . And still . [ Chuckles ] I was horrified by what I became . Granted , I was younger . May I sit ? [ Sighs ] This couch is very uncomfortable . I wish you wouldn 't stare . - Uh ... - Th-that was a joke . I 'm not very good at them . I don 't mind that you 're curious , honestly . And , yes , I used to have eyes . They were blue . This ... This was the obvious change for me , but what happens inside can be just as profound . You see , the mist changes everyone differently . The real difference between the two of us is what happened after we went through the mist . What do you mean ? I knew from an early age how special I was ... had a mentor , a guide of sorts . And the first thing she did after I transformed was embrace me . Tell me , Skye , what was the first thing that S.H.I.E.L.D. did to you ? [ Clip clicks ] [ Gasps ] Bobbi ! [ Sighs ] Thank God it 's you . I couldn 't find anyone . Me , neither . But we 'll be safer now that we 're together . Right . Good . So , what 's next ? [ Beep ] Found my three agents . May : Let me guess ... Unconscious ? Mack took them out , then disabled the bus . - Any luck on the Quinjet ? - Engine line 's shot . Looks like they don 't want to be followed . They 're not killing anyone . Is this you Looking at the bright side ? Hydra leaves bodies behind . Honestly , I don 't give a damn who they 're working for . If they took Fury 's toolbox , I bet that 's not the only thing they 're after . Gordon : What does it feel like , your gift ? I don 't know . Um ... It 's intense . [ Sighs ] Like 1,000 bees are trapped inside of me . And I feel it all the time . It 's always there . And I can 't stop it . Why would you want to stop it ? Because I destroy everything around me . That is simply not true . Every object in this universe gives off a vibration . Did you know that ? Nothing rests ... animals , trees , people , even this ratty couch . And you ... you have the ability to tap into those vibrations . Don 't you see ? You could become magnificent . But something 's inhibiting you , constraining your energy . Uh , no . No , no . My , um ... my friend 's a scientist . She made these to protect me . Or do they protect people from you ? No , it 's not like that . My powers , I ... I can 't control them . And when I try to , it hurts me . Most gifts come with a price , but you could learn to manage it . I apologize . I 'm saying too much . This is probably not the best place to continue our conversation . You don 't have the tools or the understanding that you need just yet . To do what ? To be who you were always meant to be without fear , without pain . We can offer that to you . How ? I 'll take you to a place where you can be with people like us . Us ? How many are there ? You can learn about yourself , your gift . You can be safe . But only if you want to come . [ Sighs ] When you 're ready , I 'll find you . How will you find ... trust me . I 'll know . [ Electricity crackles ] You know , We really should get going . Yes , I know , But it 's in here somewhere . See , I don 't think an E.M.P. hit our base . When those occur , the pulse typically wipes out any electronic devices powered up , but anything that 's off remains functional . Here . Take this . But something different 's happening now . I think whoever did this set up a ghost interface that 's overriding our system directly . If I could just find this prototype . You know what ? Maybe Fitz has it . We should go try to find him , make sure he 's okay . Oh ! Here we go . - What ... - [ Electricity crackles ] [ Gun cocks ] Coulson , May , I 've got her . [ Beeping ] Why is that not working ? Something else . [ Muttering ] [ Beeping ] What the hell is that ? Fitz , don 't . Mack . I 'm not gonna hurt you , buddy . I would never hurt you . You know that . I just need you To trust me right now , please . [ Gunfire in distance ] [ Indistinct shouting in distance ] When I was a kid , I had this coin collection , but one day , I-I couldn 't find it . Got so mad , I punched the floor . And it felt good at the time . And then , a week later , my , uh ... my hand turned black and blue . It was swollen out to here . I almost lost it . It turns out , I broke my fifth metacarpal . I had no idea . They call it a , uh ... a boxer 's break . You getting ready for a point here , chief ? Yeah . The most dangerous kind of pain is the kind you can 't feel . [ Bone cracks ] [ Grunts ] I got you , sir . I got you . Not much of a trainee anymore . Okay , guys , we got to move . Hydra 's closing in on both sides . His leg 's bad . Think you can clear a path to the top deck and ready the chopper ? An opportunity to kill more of these bastards ? [ Gun cocks ] I love you 're whole thing . You know that ? Hold out for them as long as you can . They 'll be right behind you . And , um , would you mind ... Could you give this to Hunter ? Bobbi . He 's gonna be pissed . You know that ? Yeah . [ Gunfire , indistinct shouting in distance ] Hartley 's gonna clear a path . You think you can carry Gonzales to the top deck ? - Yeah . What about you ? - I 'll meet you up there . What are you talking about ? Fury gave me a second mission . I need to get to the server core . Once you get Gonzales off the ship , - I 'm gonna sink it . - What the hell you talking about ? That disk will detonate every weapon on this ship . There 's no way you will make it out before you 're 80 feet underwater . Why would the director do this ? Gonzales : Because of what 's on the ship . We 're carrying a cargo that we can 't let Hydra get their hands on . That 's why I can 't let you waste your time or your resources trying to get me off of this ship when it 's in play . I 'm coming with you . Sir , all due respect , my orders are clear . The server core 's back at the operation center . Do you know how many Hydra agents there 's got to be between here and there now ? - Mack ... - If you want to get this job done , you 're gonna need all the help you can get . I signed up for this . No one else . Stop being so damn stubborn , Barbara . You don 't need to do this one alone . He 's right . God , help us . I 'm still the commander of this ship , Agent Morse , which means you have new orders . We 're gonna help you finish this job . What is that ? It 's a gift from Fury ... A means to rebuild S.H.I.E.L.D. What do you plan to do with her , sir ? That might depend on what she was planning to do with us . Hopefully , May will have some answers soon . [ Rattling ] [ Knocking ] They 're not trying to get out . [ Hissing ] Don 't ... I need you to get away from that wall right now . Stay back , stay back . Fitz , you wouldn 't understand . [ Rumbling ] Fitz . Fitz ! Fitz ! Mack needs medical . [ Gunfire in distance ] Think Hydra destroyed the wall ? What wall ? Back at the academy ... for the fallen S.H.I.E.L.D. agents . Not sure . Sorry about Tim . [ Grunting ] Stay back . It 's heavier than I thought . Yeah , right ? What are you doing back here ? A few S.H.I.E.L.D. agents have gotten a hold of the turret on the top deck . They were fighting back , so I thought , " why the hell not ? " It 's ours now . What , S.H.I.E.L.D. has the top deck ? And I heard from Vic . She 's gonna hold the hub . Bobbi , what if we can take back the ship ? There 's still 14 more decks . And we 're outnumbered three to one . The ship 's already lost . And if we want S.H.I.E.L.D. to survive ... We need to push on . We 're running out of time . There 'll be time to explain everything to him . And if he 's as good a man as you say , he 'll understand . Still no sign of May ? We 'll find her . Weaver : Agent MacKenzie 's stabilized . - Any others injured ? - None . I 'd like to officially withdraw my concerns about using the dendrotoxin gas . It 's got style . If only someone were taking minutes . Where do we stand with Agent Skye ? Our techs found the Quinjet 's flight recorder . Looks like Coulson took her to , uh , retreat . Really ? Bold , taking her to the house that banner built . That 's why I 'd like to take a team of tactical agents and retrieve her . Bobbi : Sends a pretty aggressive message , don 't you think ? Skye doesn 't mean anyone harm . It doesn 't mean she can 't harm anyone . If Coulson put her at the retreat , he thinks she 's dangerous , too . Then I 'd like to join . Familiar face couldn 't hurt . I 'll update Agent Oliver with our status . Good . We 'll be in touch . [ Crickets chirping ] [ Sighs ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Agent Weaver . It 's been awhile . You 're working with them ? I could ask the same about you . I went to the academy to look for you , but you weren 't there . We didn 't even know if you were alive . If it weren 't for Agent Calderon , I wouldn 't be . He co-opted a squadron of Quinjets to come to the academy . He saved us . If it weren 't for him , we would have lost even more ... Young , talented minds that day . Then , why are you ... why are you betraying S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Phil Coulson has no right to call this S.H.I.E.L.D. We obviously have a lot to discuss . But right now I need your help , Jemma . Agent MacKenzie 's injuries have stabilized , but I need you to take a look , see if we missed anything . There are few whose opinion I value more , and we could use your expertise . Wait outside . Nice office . Lots of light . You haven 't even delved into the record collection . I have no plans of moving in . You may not know who I am , but I ... oh , no . I actually know quite a bit about you , Robert . You started in S.H.I.E.L.D. young , like me , dropped out for awhile when your wife passed , but then came back with a vengeance , rose to command the Iliad three years later and , by all accounts , became one of the best commanders S.H.I.E.L.D. ever had . I know this because I spent months searching for you when S.H.I.E.L.D. fell , because I 'd heard you were a good man , 'cause I wanted you on my team . I wish I could say the same . I wish you were the man you were even two years ago . But by all accounts , you 're not . You didn 't know me then , and you don 't know me now . I know that Fury brought you back from the dead . Right . I didn 't ask for that . But I 've come to appreciate the gesture . And that he filled your veins with alien blood . God knows what that did . Weaver thinks it made you into some kind of a messenger for an alien race . Can you say with certainty that that 's not true ? And we haven 't even begun to talk about your protégé , Skye . You two have a lot in common . At least , you once did . What happened In the alien city , Phil ? You say that you 're the director ? So did she drag you down there kicking and screaming , or were you curious ? I went to Puerto Rico to destroy the alien city and stop Dr. Whitehall , and that 's what we did . In part , that 's true . And that 's why I want to give you a chance to be the good man I know you once were . We believe that Fury kept a lot of what he did from the world council , that he had objects and people of terrifying power hidden across the globe . We want to find them , and we want to make sure that they don 't destroy the very world that we fight so hard to keep safe . Show me how to open it . [ Static ] [ Cellphone ringing ] [ Beep ] Hello ? - May : Skye . - May , what 's happening ? I couldn 't connect to you guys . You need to get out of there ... now . What ? Why ? What are you talking about ? There 's a panel on the southwest corner of the compound . It 'll let you bring down the laser-grid fence . May , stop . You can do this , Skye . I believe in you . But you need to run ... now . They 're coming for you . Who ... who 's coming for me ? - Who ... - S.H.I.E.L.D. May ? May ? [ Quinjet roaring ] Oh , my God . [ Panting ] Do not approach the target alone ! - If you see her , you send up a flare ! - [ Guns cock ] Remember , Skye 's a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent like one of us Icers only . [ Gunfire in distance ] Come on ! Move ! Mack ! Where 's the server core ? Behind here . Take that exit . Same deal as before ... get everyone you can off the boat . I 'll wait to blow the ship as long as possible . [ Beeping ] What about the agents we don 't find ? They 're out there fighting , dying right now to take back the ship . You 're just gonna blow them to kingdom come ? - Fury 's orders are ... - Well , Fury 's dead ! He 's not seeing what we 're seeing . Hartley : He 's right , Bobbi . We already took the top deck . Gonzales : Director Fury left orders , and we 're gonna follow them . Hydra will not get this ship and its cargo . They won 't . We 'll kill every last one of them . You know we can do this . Since when do you not fight for what you believe in ? Gonzales : You have your orders , Agent Morse . This is not a democracy . Maybe it should be . We can 't keep pretending that everything 's the same as it was yesterday . I mean , look around . Half of our friends are either dead or have turned . This isn 't a time to go down with the ship . We need to do something . We need to stop this . We 're taking back this damn ship whether you like it or not . [ Gunfire , indistinct shouting in distance ] Let 's just hope we don 't live to regret this , Agent Morse . Let 's just hope we live . [ Guns cock ] Gonzales : I was wrong that day . Had we followed Fury 's orders , hundreds of men and women who had devoted their lives to this organization would be dead . And if I had been the man in charge ... They 'd all be lost . So now you all operate as what ? Five friendly faces who agree on everything ? I don 't see the other four here talking to me ... just you . I have no desire to be the director . You think I did ? Fury chose me . He made you . You 're literally his creation . He thought of himself as some kind of king and made damn sure that he had an heir to the throne . Try and remember Project Insight was Fury 's idea . Secrets are what brought S.H.I.E.L.D. down the first time , and we won 't let that happen again . If you wanted to talk to me , Agent Gonzales , you should have talked to me . You put spies on my team , Invaded my base , hurt my people . Fury 's secrets didn 't bring down S.H.I.E.L.D. Hydra did . I wonder If you really believe that . Guard , give this to Weaver and Fitz-Simmons . It may take some time , but they 'll figure out how to open it . You really think they 're gonna help you ? Everyone on your team is a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent . We 'll let them make their own decisions . [ Gunshot ] Already made mine . That 's a really nice entrance . This should get you by for a few days . What are you talking about ? You have to go ... now . Fitz-Simmons . I 'll take care of them . Without you , there is no S.H.I.E.L.D. They know about Skye , Phil . Find her . Agent May . Calderon : Weaver ever tell you what happened to her at the academy that day ? Hydra released an enhanced on them , found Weaver fighting to protect the ones that were left behind . She was actually going toe-to-toe with that monster . That 's not Skye . [ Grunts ] All agents , converge on that sound ! [ Both grunting ] No ! Skye ! [ Whirring ] [ Rumbling ] Oh , my God . [ Breathing heavily ] Gordon , help . [ Electricity crackles ] Would you like to go home ? [ Electricity crackles ] We 'll return in a moment . ♪ They say , " yo-ho , and a bottle of rum " ♪ ♪ Drink it all down , baby ... ♪ That 's a lot of umbrellas for one drink . Let me guess ... She got the house . ♪ You don 't have to deal with it ... ♪ [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] I 'll take whatever he 's having . Sorry I 'm late . An evacuation pod will wash up where and when it wants to . Maybe a couple of those little umbrellas if you have them . So , how have you been ? Anything new ? Same old , same old . So , you finished your vacation ? Absolutely . You know , I never did understand the appeal of cruise ships . Oh , almost forgot . [ Seagull crying ] [ Pen clicks ] What 's that ? You offered me a permanent position . Consider that my contract . So , what 's the plan , boss ?
