 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Hello , skye . I 'm gordon . Where you can be with people like us . You can learn about your gift . Gonzales : We founded the real s.H.I.E.L.D. On the belief that leadership should operate With transparency . Coulson and his secrets - - that 's the threat . And I think it 's time that we remove that threat . This should get you by for a few days . Without you , there is no s.H.I.E.L.D. They know about skye . Find her . [ guns cock ] [ breathing heavily ] [ rumbling ] Gordon , help . [ electricity crackles ] [ country music playing ] [ vehicle passes ] [ indistinct talking over p.A. ] Eddie : Can I let you in on a little secret ? I 've got a genuine , honest abe , god-given superpower . You want to know what it is ? I 'm afraid to guess . And tell him exactly what kind of car he should be driving . Maybe I 'll just look around . And I see a man who 's played it safe his whole life , But lately feels like he 's stuck in a rut . Life 's lost its thrill . The kids are monsters . The wife 's taken to muumuus . And now you 're thinking , " it 's time to let the tiger loose . " Am I hitting the mark ? Amazing . Then this is the car for you . Actually , I 'm interested in this s.U.V. I 'm going off-roading . I need something that can take a beating . I 'll pay you cash right now . A man with cash is a man with class . 2010 4-wheel drive wrangler rubicon - - came in . A bit pricier , but she 's a beaut . It 's - - well , it looks like this one here . Get in . What are you doing ? Put that back . I 'm making a deal . For that piece of junk ? You know , I need you to get out of there right now . We 're not criminals . We don 't want to draw any more attention . If it makes you feel better , you can send him a check . Oh , wait . No , we can 't , because our bank accounts have been frozen . So just get in . I 'll get you to skye , I promise . Hold on a second . You two are in cahoots ? You know what ? I-I 'm gonna call the police . See what you did ? He 's calling the police . Are you happy ? Sorry , eddie . The tiger 's been loose for awhile . [ gun cocks ] [ thud ] [ engine revs , tires screech ] [ electricity crackling ] [ gasps ] Gordon : Hey . Everything 's gonna be okay . You 're safe now . Gordon , where am I ? This is the place I told you about . You called for me . Do you remember ? How long have I been here ? Two days . T-t- - I need to - - I need to go . They need me . Something bad has happened . Oh , why can 't I move ? [ breathing heavily ] what are you doing to me ? Lincoln : We 're healing you . [ door closes ] Leaving now wouldn 't exactly be - - [ chuckles ] You ever made microwave popcorn ? Leave it in too long , and it 's charcoal . Take it out too soon , and it 's a bag of kernels . That might be the worst analogy ever . Gordo , help me out here . You are on your own with this one . I have to go now . You 're in very good hands . He 's smarter than he looks . How do you know that ? [ electricity crackling ] He 's been by your side since the moment you got here . Who are you ? Sorry . I thought - - I 'm lincoln , your transitioner . Right . I-I keep forgetting you 're new to this . E-everyone who goes through terrigenesis Has , uh , a transitioner to help them . Please cut to the chase . I ... [ electricity crackles ] right , yeah . Imagine a thousand years of evolution Taking place instantaneously . T-that 's what happened to you after the mist . These treatments - - we 're helping your body Adjust properly to the change , Transitioning you quickly and painlessly , I hope . We usually like to start the process Right after the mist , but as - - how long ? How long ? When can I go ? You got places to be , people to see ? I 'm worried about my friends . I think they 're in danger . You 're the one that 's in danger , skye . Remember ? You 're being hunted . Seven agents down , calderon barely hanging on , And you want to defend that thing ? She 's a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent , not a thing . What happened wasn 't her fault . I was there . Calderon fired at her . She was armed and hostile . She was scared and defending herself . I don 't care if she was chasing butterflies . We can 't wear kid gloves around something With powers of that magnitude . She could have killed everyone . But she didn 't . Only because that other freak pulled her from the fight . Was he one of coulson 's ? We 've only recently encountered him . Coulson 's as in the dark as we are . Are you certain about that ? If coulson 's collecting powered people , We need to know before they come knocking on our door . No one wants a war , barbara . That 's not gonna happen . Coulson 's reasonable . Then we need to get into that box to know for sure . Well , then you need fitz . Fitz : Pure vibranium shell - - No ports , no external power source . How do you get inside to retrieve the data ? I suspect advanced biometric access points . Probably loaded with self-destruct triggers . Leo fitz , jemma simmons , the ones that got away . I had my eye on you two when you were at the academy . I wanted to recruit you , but coulson beat me to it . I heard he actually bribed weaver with cupcakes . Robert gonzales . And we are quite aware of your commendable reputation . Under different circumstances , we might even be flattered ... Which is why this is so hard to comprehend . Under different circumstances , We would have preferred to be invited guests , But that forced our hand . We had to take it out of play . What 's inside that 's so important ? All we know is that coulson and fury both believed It was valuable enough or dangerous enough To protect with extreme measures . Maybe it was their favorite recipes . [ chuckles ] maybe it is . Then , maybe , we can put all this behind us and move on . That 's why I 'm asking you for your help , leo . And if he refuses , will you lock him up , There are no prisoners here . We are all s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents . Exit protocols have not changed . Once you 're cleared and debriefed , You 're free to go , if that 's what you really want . Okay . I 'll start packing my things . [ footsteps depart ] [ inhales deeply ] You should have brought cupcakes . [ sighs ] Well ... You have to admire their loyalty . Loyalty to a man and not to s.H.I.E.L.D. That makes coulson as dangerous as whatever 's in that box . [ sighs ] [ seat belt clicks ] [ beeping ] What the hell happened here ? Skye . Did they do this to her , or did she do it to them ? One way to find out . My god . Skye 's doing that ? Glad she 's on our side . She 's still on our side , isn 't she ? Coulson : This isn 't good . That means she 's out there , so we 'll find her and - - That 's new . Did she just get abducted by aliens ? We don 't know what he is . He took skye 's father and raina . Seriously ? I was only gone a week . We don 't know where he comes from , Where he goes , or who he works for . He doesn 't leave trails or clues . I lost her . How are you feeling ? [ sighs ] kind of normal . [ chuckles ] Normal 's good . Yeah . We flushed your lymphatic and circulatory systems , So you 'll be weak for a few days , but ... I need to give a message to my friends . Gordon 's the only one who can make contact We can talk to him when he gets back . Where exactly are we ? No one really knows . Uh , the official name is chinese , I think - - Lai shi - - doesn 't exactly translate . [ birds chirping ] [ gasps ] So we just call it " afterlife . " You say the name of this place is chinese . Are we in china ? No idea . Gordon 's the only one who knows where we are , And he 's the only way in or out . It keeps us secret and safe from the outside world . Or it keeps us prisoners . You 're not very trusting , are you ? [ chuckles ] I woke up naked on a table In a place no one can even point to on a map , so ... Call me crazy . You weren 't totally naked , And you asked gordon to bring you here . No one 's gonna force you to stay . It 's not a bad place . The night life 's a little lacking . No one lives here - - not permanently . It 's more like a way station . I 'm from cincinnati , trying to finish med school . I 'm brought here when I 'm needed . Some people come here when they need a safe place to stay . Why do I feel like the new kid in school right now ? Everyone is staring at me . Gordon didn 't explain ? No , I thought you said that everyone here is like me And that this happens all the ... Time . [ chuckles ] are you kidding ? [ chuckles ] t-this has never happened . Things here have always been done a certain way . These people are descendants , yes , But most of them are waiting to be chosen . They carry the genetic marker And have been brought here to be evaluated , cultured , And prepared for the change should they be selected , But that only happens to one person every few years . They actually want to go through ? This tradition has been passed down Through countless generations . And not only did you go through without permission or prep , But you did it old-school , with a diviner in a kree temple . Uh , that hasn 't happened for thousands of years . You can see why some of these people Might be a little envious . [ chuckles ] I 'd gladchange places with any of them . I didn 't want this . I understand . Uh , the woman who changed with me , raina Gordon took her and my father . Are they here ? Gordon takes people everywhere . It 's his job to keep us safe . I promise , there is no one here who will harm you . You 're protected . Is it true that fury asked you to spy on coulson Because of these gh-325 transfusions ? Is it also true that coulson himself asked you To put a bullet in his head because of it ? That 's the man that you helped escape , A man that fury didn 't trust , A man that you yourself didn 't trust , A man that didn 't even trust himself . There 's loyalty , and there 's stubbornness . Tell me , agent may ... Are you loyal to coulson or to s.H.I.E.L.D. ? They 're the same . Coulson 's powered pet Tried to kill seven of our agents ... Dedicated s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents with families , And you 're gonna say that they 're the same ? Coulson had nothing to do with skye 's powers . They were caused by a weapon in hydra 's possession . That you were chasing Because of some voices in coulson 's head . We were pursuing hydra because that 's our job . It 's what we should all be doing right now Instead of wasting our time on some witch hunt ! What are you doing in here by yourself ? [ beep ] there 's too much bad blood out there . They think we 're traitors . How you holding up ? Uh ... [ sighs ] We always knew this wasn 't gonna end in a big group hug . Coulson 's a good man , mack . Yeah . He 's a good man who 's been compromised . Coulson should be in the index with agent skye . You of all people know what happens When powered people lose control . [ folder thuds ] You had to put one down . Isn 't that why they call you the calvary ? So you want to put down coulson and skye ? I want to avoid it . His actions are leading us to a deadly showdown . Help me find him , and we 'll stop it . Don 't worry . When he 's ready , he 'll find you . Coulson is the one man ... You can never put down . [ both sigh ] You always travel with whiskey and shot glasses ? Never know when you 're gonna need something To keep you warm on a cold night . Two glasses ? The other one 's for the person keeping me warm . But in your case , I 'll make an exception . I need to keep my head clear . S.H.I.E.L.D. And skye gone in one day - - How could I let that happen ? There 's no way you could have known . They fooled all of us . Bobbi and mack are conniving liars and thieves . They 're good agents . Try to see it from their side . Screw their side . There are very few people in this world That I 'd throw down with , but you 're one of them . Gonzales , the love bocaptain ? [ inhales deeply ] not if hell froze over . Who 's dedicated his life to s.H.I.E.L.D. I ran into him a couple of times at the triskelion . Good guys don 't usually stab you in the back . Maybe he 's got a point . I was dead , after all . I shouldn 't even be here . We all have our bad days . [ chuckles ] Well , maybe we should forget all this , head down to mexico . We can lay low , enjoy the quiet life . That 's not an option . The problem is , there are no good options . Well , maybe it 's time for the bad ones . [ glass clinks ] Are you really going to let fitz just walk out of here ? He 's already cleared and free to go . What about you ? Are you staying ? I keep hoping this will all be resolved And things can get back to normal . The fastest way to make that happen Is to help us open that box . Aren 't you curious what 's inside ? Of course I am , but not enough to betray coulson . If he isn 't hiding something , then opening it will prove that . If he is ... Don 't you think we should know ? Once it 's opened , you 'll all leave ? Once we know we 're all on the same side . But we need fitz to get it open . Not really . You 've been looking at it all wrong . It 's not a tech solution - - it 's a lab solution . Well , this is yours for as long as you want . Gordon brought your bag from the cabin , So , you know , take some time , try to relax . Relax ? [ scoffs ] This will be like my fourth bed in the past week , And I 've been locked up , quarantined , psychoanalyzed . Let me guess . To protect you from yourself . The inhibitors these released Seriously compromised the transition process . It 's one of the reasons , uh , you were out for so long . My friend - - she was just ... Trying to help . I mean , she thought she was dealing with human biology , But you graduated from that class . I 'm gonna take a closer look at these . Uh , meanwhile , try to get some rest . Tomorrow , maybe we 'll see what gift you 've been given . It 's more like a curse . A lot of us feel that way at first , But you 'll learn to control it . I don 't want to control it - - I want to get rid of it . That 's ... Why I called gordon . I thought that he 'd be able to fix me . I 'm sorry . I-I thought you knew . [ sighs ] The transition is irreversible . You 'll feel better in a few days - - trust me . At least , hang here until things calm down on the outside . See what happens . Plus , it 's , uh , pizza night tomorrow night . Deep dish - - gordon brings them in from chicago . Uh , you can 't miss it . Nice to see his gifts aren 't being wasted . Seriously , rest . I 'll see you in the morning . [ door creaks ] [ doors close ] [ birds chirping ] [ engine roars ] What 's happening ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s here . Ours or theirs ? Theirs . Damn it . How did they find us ? I invited them . Why did you trigger the alarm ? Are you surrendering ? Last time I checked , there were two of us , Which means two votes . We 're not surrendering . What , then ? You want to go out guns blazing , like butch and sundance ? That didn 't end so well . I was thinking about what you said last night , About bad options . I meant have another drink . I 'm not going down without a fight . We 're gonna find skye and I 'm gonna take back s.H.I.E.L.D. , And we 're gonna need more than honest eddie 's jeep to do it . You want to take their quinjet - - The two us , while we 're trapped in here , surrounded ? Brilliant . I have reinforcements on the way . We just have to hold down the fort until they get here . Yeah , well , I have reinforcements of my own . [ gun cocks ] Icers only . Those are s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents out there . We 're not gonna hurt them . I somehow doubt they feel the same about us . It won 't come to that . It may not look like it , But this place was built to withstand a hulk-size force . [ thud ] [ sighs ] On the other hand , let 's just hope they didn 't bring a - - [ crash ] ... Battering ram , 'cause then we 've only got about an hour . [ thudding ] Man : Confirmed , sir - - coulson is inside . It 'll take some time to break through that door , But he 's not going anywhere . Let me know when it 's done . Any more good news ? Agent simmons may be on board , But I came to talk to you about agent may . I think your approach - - it 's irrelevant . We got coulson at the safe house where we found skye . He triggered the alarm . That wasn 't an accident . Coulson 's too smart for that . He sent for us . The question is why . Where are we going ? You 'll see . What 's over there ? Oh , another transition room . We don 't use it anymore . Come on . Keep up . [ birds chirping ] This is it - - best view in the house . It 's beautiful . Good place to clear your head , Figure things out , smoke a little something . [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] But today , we 're here to figure out you . Tell me about your gift . Is that why you brought me up here ? Yeah , so you can let loose . Whatever it is , you don 't have to be afraid of it . We were designed to be weapons . I got that directly from the big blue source . Take my hand . I know it 's so awkward , but you strike me As someone who 's generally more curious than afraid . [ electricity crackles ] [ exhales sharply ] [ chuckling ] whoa . Are you doing that ? When I came out of the mist , Every cell in my body had a different electrical charge . I felt like I was burning from the inside out . But I learned to manipulate them , Concentrate them , even transfer them onto something else , Like static electricity . I can feel it moving through my body . It 's so weird . It took awhile to get control . Uh , when I first got here , I almost burned the place down [ chuckles ] literally . But now ... Sky 's the limit . [ electricity crackles ] [ chuckles ] No pun intended , I guess . [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] This is crazy . Our gifts don 't have to be terrifying . They 're a part of us . I felt lost before I came here , too . Looking for answers in the all the wrong places . But we 're connected to something bigger and older than - - Than we could have ever imagined , Something extraordinary . Don 't walk away from it . [ sighs ] [ birds chirping ] I hate to see you leave , turbo . Only my friend mack can call me that . I 'll always be your friend , fitz . Hopefully , someday , you 'll understand If you 're here to convince me to open the box , No , I 'm here because I don 't want you to leave , man . I believe in what we 're doing . I want you on board . I mean , the damn box is taken care of . What do you mean , it 's taken care of ? Well , simmons , uh , she found a way in using ... Genetic markers or something . If she can see we 're on the same team , why can 't you ? [ beeping ] She 's scanning the surface dimensions And routing the data through ... Why would she do that , unless ... It 's just a matter of time before she breaks through , And this will all be over . [ beep ] how much time ? About three minutes . Where are the reinforcements ? I don 't know . Stuck in traffic ? Are they traveling by clown car ? How many are there ? Actually , there 's one . That 's not reinforcements - - that 's a gravedigger . Well , there 's not many agents I can trust right now . One ? Have you lost your bloody mind ? It 's a 21st-century howling commandos kit . Trip and fitz built it for me . Hey , do you play cards ? [ beep ] [ beep ] I can 't believe that worked . We had the better hand . How many of us are there ? We don 't know . Not every descendant is found , And not everyone who is chooses to come . Mm . Gordon ! I hope we 're still on for pizza tonight . Truthfully , I think that 's what sold her . [ chuckles ] not tonight . I have to see to some pressing matters , But I 'm glad you 're feeling better , skye . I need you to give a message to my friends , Let them know I 'm okay . I can ask permission , but they 'll advise against it . It 's better we stay quiet for the time being . Uh ... Wait . My father and raina - - where did you take them ? I can 't divulge their location , just as I can 't divulge yours . But you don 't need to worry about them . What does he mean , " ask permission " ? Ask permission from who ? The elders . You 've made a lot of people afraid , skye - - Afraid our secret won 't be safe for much longer . Come on . [ grunting ] [ pounding on door ] [ breathing heavily ] [ electricity crackles ] Where have you been ? ! After all I 've done , this is how you treat me - - Locking me up , feeding me like some animal ? ! [ plate clatters ] I can 't have a - - a window ? ! I don 't even know what day it is anymore ! You 're lucky we 've kept you alive . Ohh . You found her , didn 't you ? That 's why you 're here . You found her , and she 's here . [ sighs ] okay . Uh , I forgive you . You must have had your reasons . Now take me to my daisy . You will not ! I want my daughter ! [ electricity crackles ] Don 't you leave me ! No ! Where are you ? ! [ electricity crackles ] Huh ? Ohh . [ breathing heavily ] this is silly . You clearly have an unfair advantage , And we clearly don 't see eye to eye . So [ sniffs ] let 's just - - just take a moment and - - [ grunting ] [ electricity crackles ] aah ! Aah ! Aah . Why ? Why can 't I see her ? Because you have no self-control . Your lack of discipline Has risked everything that we have built . You have not only sealed your fate , But the fate of your daughter , as well . Hunter : [ breathing heavily ] This would have been a piece of cake If you 'd let us use these big-boy guns . Now we have to get close enough to get shot By their big-boy guns . By the time they recognize us , it 'll be too late . Then there 's the small matter of who 's gonna fly that thing - - Do you even know how ? I 've watched may fly . I know a little . How little ? I can get us off the ground . Like , getting us back on the ground , for example ? [ birds chirping ] Man : Drop your weapons and put your hands in the air . We have you surrounded . We 're not surrounded . Didn 't see that coming . How 's it going ? Uh , well , I 'm making progress , But it 's going to take some time . There are microscopic pores in the vibranium That I believe are calibrated to coulson 's dna . It 's constantly shifting like a rubik 's cube . But if I can isolate them , then there 's - - Did you really want me to find out this way ? Well - - well , I was hoping you would So that we can work together on this . Do you have any idea how valuable The information inside this could be ? You need to help me get it out , get things back to normal . Things can never go back to normal . Can 't any of you see what you 've done ? You 've destroyed a man 's life , and for what ? Fitz , put it down right now . 'cause of fear - - 'cause of fear Of what 's inside a little black box . Well , I don 't believe in fear . I believe in trust , and I 'm shocked that you would do this . You knew this would drive me away . You may as well have packed my bags yourself . You want me to leave , don 't you , jemma ? If we work for s.H.I.E.L.D. , We have a duty to carry out our responsibilities . So perhaps it 's best if you do . [ footsteps depart ] [ sighs ] brilliant plan . There was no backup , was there ? This is tango romeo delta . Tell gonzales we have his package . [ whirring ] [ whirring stops ] [ metal creaking ] Backup . [ grunting ] [ groaning ] Aah ! [ whirring ] [ pulsing ] Agent hunter , agent peterson . Aah ! That 's quite a handshake you 've got . Thanks for coming on such short notice . I see you 've taken well to the upgrades . You want me to get this bird in the air ? [ beeping ] At some point , you might have mentioned That backup was a lethal cyborg . Truthfully , I just wanted to see the look on your face When he showed up - - priceless . Glad I amuse you . You know , I can hear you up here . It 's confirmed . Coulson has another powered person working with him , And guess who else . Hunter . If they get to skye , this is gonna get way out of hand . They 've got one last bargaining chip left . Bring me the bus and agent may . Well , it 's not pizza , but at least it 's not kale , Which seems to be the only food they serve around here . Can you warm up food with your powers ? Because that would be awesome . I have never tried , but I did warm up a small pool once . Any 5-year-old can warm up a pool . [ chuckles ] What about you ? Come on . I showed you mine . Now you show me yours . And you 'll teach me to control it ? Once I know what we 're dealing with , A guide will be selected to help you master it . How long does it take to learn ? That depends on the gift - - How much you 've physically changed . You 're a piece of cake , compared to the other one - - Total physical transformation , And [ chuckles ] we still have no idea what her gift is . You told me I was the only one . What ? You said that I was the first person To transition here in a really long time . [ scoffs ] That 's not what I meant . She 's here . You lied to me . I said there 's no one here who will harm you , And that 's true . She 's on her own path , skye , just like you . She 's having a rough transition and deserves the same care . People died because of her . Where is she ? Skye . Skye . We need to protect her , the same way we protect you . She is one of us . I am not what she is . [ rumbling ] Get out of my way , lincoln . You know I can 't control this . [ door closes ] [ breathing heavily ] Raina ! Skye , isn 't this interesting ? I had a feeling I might see you . Skye , please , let 's just go . Let her stay . We have so much to talk about . What happened to you ? Destiny ... Apparently . I wanted to be set free , But now I can 't even bear the light of day . I dread being awake , But my sleep is filled with such horrible nightmares . [ inhales sharply ] Children are so afraid of monsters . They should know it 's worse to be one . You got what you deserved . And so did you . I didn 't deserve any of this . You did this to me ! Skye . No , you have brought nothing but pain into my life - - My father , the mist . My friend trip died in there because of you ! I didn 't make you follow me into that chamber . You wanted to go . You needed to go because we 're the same , skye . We were the same before , and we 're the same now . I am on the outside what you are on the inside . No ! Skye ! [ gasps ] So that 's what you are . [ gasps , grunts ] you need to stop . No ! Finish this ! End my nightmares ! Enough ! [ breathing heavily ] [ breathing heavily ] who are you ? My name is jiaying . You 're both guests in my house . You don 't know her . You have no idea what she 's capable of . She 's capable of beauty and greatness , Just as we all are . She can 't be trusted . She killed people ! From what gordon tells me , you could have , as well . And from what I just saw , you 're certainly capable of it . Why would you bring her here ? The same reason we brought you here - - she 's one of us . I am not anything like her . Whatever you two were in the past , That 's not what you are now . [ breathing heavily ] I can 't stay - - not if she 's here . We 'll leave that choice to you , But I have chosen to be your guide , Should you remain with us . All I ask is for a few days . I 'll look after you , train you , watch you grow . A connection between us worth exploring , well ... We never have to see each other again . Let 's get you to your room . [ footsteps depart ] [ sighs ] [ electricity crackles ] I was right , wasn 't I ? She 's here . I told you I would find her , and I did . You were right , cal . It 's daisy , our daughter . [ sighs ] [ breathes deeply ] Thank you . Can I see her now ? No . [ scoffs ] This belonged to my father in the second world war . He used it to kill over a hundred nazis . He said it always had a way Of finding the right target at the right time . If you think I 'm a traitor , Now 's your chance to do something about it . Pick it up . Pull the trigger . Let 's end this right now . Or you can hear me out . It 's come to my attention That I 'm not handling you properly . And since ... [ water pours , pitcher thuds ] ... I must accept the recommendation of others When I 'm outvoted ... Here we stand . Assuming you decide not to shoot me , I would like to offer you a seat on our board . What 's the catch ? No catch . We 're gonna bring coulson in with or without your help . And when we do , He should have a strong advocate on the board . [ scoffs ] and then what ? That 's for us to decide . But right now he 's acting like a fugitive and a threat . We do not take any threat against s.H.I.E.L.D. Lightly . Neither do I. [ gun thuds ] I appreciate the theatrics , But even you 're not stupid enough to hand me a loaded gun . This is not about coulson . It 's not about me . It 's not about anyone on this ship . It 's about s.H.I.E.L.D. We cannot afford to be enemies to each other When there are new threats out there Waiting for the moment we are at our weakest . A house built on shifting sand will fall . And without a strong and united foundation , S.H.I.E.L.D. Will fall again . I 'm asking you to help us defend her , agent may . Take a seat on our board . Autopilot is set . Cruising at 45,000 feet . Any destination ? Mexico . Coulson : I 'll let you know . Agent peterson has been doing some overseas work for me . Remember list ? The hydra head we didn 't cut off ? Mike 's been trailing him for the past six months . Last week , I intercepted a coded transmission from list Mentioning his interest in powered people . Yeah , they seem to be trending these days . He 's hunting them down and experimenting on them . You think the no-eyed guy took skye as one of his ? No , but he 's connected to skye 's father And whatever group of powered people he 's involved with . Seems likely . There 's only one man who 's connected If we 're gonna find skye , we need to find him first . And who 's that ? Our bad option . Grant ward . We 'll return in a moment . It 's way beyond anything I 've ever encountered . Without coulson or some miracle , I 'm afraid it 's just a worthless piece of junk . Airport , please . With a hint of pesto aioli .
