 Nao ? Good morning , Yuki . Clydesdale Platoon has returned from Mazuurek Landing Castle recon mission . Roger that . Open well dock . Okay , all units have returned to base . Warrant Officer Kaizuka . Yes ? Come to the captain 's quarters later . You 've been requested . Me ? Yes , it has to do with the Deucalion . It 's on its way back , apparently . To Earth . Port Aden has been chosen as our return point . Calculate our reentry time and report . Yes , ma 'am . Always on the move ... The top brass must be trying to wring every last drop out of us . Are you sure it doesn 't mean that they value the Deucalion 's power really highly ? If anything , the vibe I get is that they don 't know what to do with us . I need your final approval for the resupply list , ma 'am . I finished it a while ago . Go ahead and transmit it . Yes , ma 'am . Attention , all hands . At 1300 hours UTC , we will begin our Earth reentry sequence as ordered . That 's Calvados . Thank you , but no . I see . So , is it true that we 'll be acting as the Deucalion 's escort ? It 's temporary . It 's only while they take on supplies and make repairs . Plus , the base they 're assigned to isn 't very far from here . It 's not like you two don 't have ties to that ship , right ? Though I hear that you were supposed to serve aboard her , but turned it down . Being on that ship only opens up old wounds . I understand that your younger brother serves aboard her . His exploits have been quite something , I hear . Yes , I suppose ... May I ? Of course . What did the other nobles do afterwards ? I 'm told that none of them are openly expressing opposition . In Harklight 's opinion . Do you also believe that , Slaine ? No . They are only holding their tongues for the time being , thinking it distasteful to raise objections while the count is still being mourned . It is an undeniable fact that Count Saazbaum 's death is a great loss to Vers . I am the result of an indiscretion committed on the Moon by my father , Gillzeria , the second emperor . Father perished as a result of his second sin , Heaven 's Fall , and the Moon we now stand on was shattered . Count Saazbaum found me and offered his allegiance when I had lost my family . Although I never truly knew what he was thinking deep down . But that is fine . It is actually more difficult to trust those who have no talent for scheming . Like it or not , you will have to bear the brunt of their jealousy and envy , Slaine . You have inherited all of Count Saazbaum 's privileges ... As well as his status as Princess Asseylum 's guardian . I am prepared . But it is a grave responsibility that deserves to be envied . That outfit looks quite good on you . Do not forget . The princess that you must protect now is right before you . I am keenly aware of that . To think that he named some nobody as his successor , only to die an untimely death immediately afterward . Count Saazbaum had terrible luck . Perhaps it was comeuppance for his folly . He may have been caught off guard and killed . Are you suggesting that Count Saazbaum was betrayed ? Enough . Without any hard evidence , it will sound like nothing more than idle gossip . Whatever the case , the dignity of all knights is at stake ! We mustn 't allow him to continue to do as he pleases . Count Mazuurek , I am aware that you go out of your way to avoid destructive acts of aggression because your priority is on seizing Earth 's resources . No , I am not criticizing you for taking such a position . However , now is the time to press on with the invasion of Earth , by force if necessary ! If this continues , the authority of the knight order known as the 37 Clans will decline further . This calls for a faction that will set aside their power struggles and work together . What are your thoughts , Count Mazuurek ? It is a poor knight indeed who slays one who defies him . The key is to show yourself to be so superior that they will not defy you in the first place . Wise words , Milord . Count Saazbaum spoke them . Which is why I must give them a reminder . Condition , generally satisfactory . I 'm not seeing anything in particular that concerns me . That 's what I 've been saying . I wish you 'd cut me loose already . Incidentally , what is happening with the war ? I would have thought that they would be coming at us relentlessly . After all , the odds of reconciliation are effectively nil now . Mars isn 't monolithic . Sure , some of them attacked purely out of hatred of Earth , but some of them would rather seize it for our natural resources . Ah , you mean that they 're restraining themselves . But ... Hang on , you don 't suppose it 's because they never imagined that their main Kataphrakts would be taken out one after another , do you ? Things haven 't gone to plan and they feel threatened and have gone into defensive mode . Maybe you 're right . But it was a single boy who gave us this chance . You mean Inaho . Yuki must be worried sick about him . Yeah , she wanted him out of the military , so she kept asking the top brass . Isn 't that just a rumor ? That her pestering alienated them and that 's why she got stationed here . Possible enemy Sky Carriers detected east and west of Yemen , as well as in the desert region roughly 14km northeast of Aden . We 'll hold it off here to keep it from reaching the urban area 6km east of here . All units , wait for it to enter firing range . When I give the order , commence attack . Roger that . Roger . Attack ! Enemy Kataphrakt advancing ! Our rounds are landing ! Keep it up ! What the hell are those ? Our rounds , they 're – . A tornado ? ! No , windspeed , air volume , and atmospheric pressure aren 't showing any major – . My head ... feels like it 's being squeezed in a vise ! Count Barouhcruz , pay attention . The way I fight is worthy of the Orbital Knights and my noble title . W-Wait , Clydesdale 22 ! A-Are you okay ? I barely got away ... Fall back ! What the hell is going on ? Lieutenant ... the gauges ! Look at ... the accelerometer ! Gravity ... Are you telling me ... that this thing ... is manipulating gravity ? My accelerometer ... is showing wild oscillations . They 're acting as gravitational-tidal pairs and revolving at high speed around the Kataphrakt ... It uses that to ... To create gravity waves ? Yes ... So any object that gets too close will be torn apart by the tidal forces , and any attack will also be deflected , huh ? Is it also causing this sound in our heads ... ? Probably ... I bear this world 's people no ill will , but this must be done for the future of Vers ! Here it comes ! We can 't just sit here and let it reach the city ! We 'll keep its attention and draw it away ! But sir ! How ? ! Kaizuka . Sir ? Call it in to the carrier . Ask if there 's any satellite bases overhead with equipment that can detect gravity waves ! Do you not see that your efforts are futile ? It 's no use ! They 're disintegrating before they can connect ! Even if they don 't damage him , they 're having the effect of keeping his attention on us . We 're another 10km away from the urban center . We 're definitely managing to draw him away . Another 2km south . Just another 2km . That 's how much further we have to draw him away . What 's wrong ? ! Don 't stop moving ! Clydesdale 22 ! Clydesdale 33 ! Crap ... Kaizuka ! I 'll get his attention ! You go retrieve those two ! Lieutenant ? Come get me , you twister son of a bitch ! It is pointless . Why are you doing this ? What value is there ? Lieutenant ... This is bad , I 'm too close ... I need to get some distance . Just a little farther ... Come on ! I 'm coming ! Crap ! Am I never gonna be free of these memories no matter how hard I try ? ! Thank you for luring it into position , Lt. Marito . A laser transmission ? Wait a second , Yuki . Nao ? Its gravity waves are ripples that propagate outward horizontally . The gravity waves that propagate vertically are integrated and lose their effect . Correcting for errors ... 0.2 degrees / second . Locked on . Fire ! It was a lucky break that we got through to the Deucalion . No , or maybe we were lucky that he was there . We begin reentry in 10 minutes ! Hurry up and get Mustang 00 inside ! We 're no longer in an area with a line of fire . It looks like this is all the help we can give you . No , that was plenty , Kaizuka 's brother . TK-67 , 68 are on designated trajectory . Opening gate . Trash cleanup is taking forever ... Well , that was a huge battle . A ton of debris got scattered around . It 's a pain , is what it is . It makes it a lot harder for shuttles to come and go . Radar return detected ! No IFF signal detected ... Sorry , sir . We didn 't pick it up right away because it was mixed in with all the debris . Just one unit ? What do they hope to do with just one unit ? That 's – . It 's now 10km away ! I can 't believe it ... How can it fly through a dense debris field at that speed ? Launch Kataphrakt platoons , hurry ! Long time no see , Yuki ! Darn it , you up and left all of a sudden ! You scared us ! Sorry . Chalk it up to grown-up reasons . We 'll be able to fight together again , right ? So , I hear you guys have been busy . Yep ! And you haven 't changed a bit , Yuki . Rayet . So , you liking it here ? It 's okay . I 'm glad . Inaho is doing fine , too ! It seemed that way . Did you see him already ? He just said hello over the radio . Maybe he thinks that 's enough . I see ... The memories resurfaced again , did they ? There doesn 't seem to be any way to escape the damn things . Is it possible that perhaps they were deliberately revived ? Shock therapy you chose to perform to give a boost to your fading consciousness . No way ... It 's possible that you 're using the memories of that tragedy to give yourself a reason to fight , Lieutenant . Of course , you 're not doing this consciously . You 're saying that I 've beaten them ? At the very least , you 've won the battle . I 'm sure it was around here ... I hope you accept that fact , if nothing else . Found it ! That 's mine ... That 's where you 've been hiding it ? If you 're confronting the past , your drinking takes on an entirely different meaning . Hey , these have been sterilized , haven 't they ? Lieutenant ! There 's an emergency ! It 's Trident Base ! This is a recording from the time of the attack . It waited until the shuttles had entered the docking bay and then set off all the munitions they were carrying at once . Talk about lousy timing ... No , I think it was planned . Planned ? There was just a major battle there , so it 's a safe bet that shuttles would come . They probably checked to make sure that the base 's reinforcements had left . They stood a good chance of winning , so they attacked with just one unit . But the service details of munitions shuttles are supposed to be top secret . All they really do is stuff like change their registry numbers and alter the supply routes . You 'd be able to sniff them out with careful cryptoanalysis and data sifting . But ... We 're probably dealing with someone capable of that . Milord Slaine , brilliantly done . The fiend ... You mustn 't overlook his results . He did what he set out to do and did it brilliantly . We can 't brand him a traitor , not now . Causes always rally around the powerful . The mangy cur has transformed himself into a wolf . Harklight , we 're returning to the Moon . The Tharsis ... Slaine Troyard . I guess I have no choice .
