 Why are you doing this ? I want you to go back to your Landing Castle and find out where the real Princess Asseylum is . Why me ? Because you want the same thing as Princess Asseylum . There 's one other thing that I want you to find out for me . What Slaine Troyard 's objective is . Objective ? Take this . When you meet Princess Asseylum , show this to her . She 'll know that you are on our side . Milady ! What happened after that , Harklight ? Pacification of the Lake Victoria area centered around the Landing Castle touchdown point is complete . Well done . The might of a united front by multiple Orbital Knights struck fear into more than the UFE , I 'd wager . I believe that this success will have impressed upon everyone the value of a leader . Because they never expected a difficult fight on Earth , not with the power of Aldnoah at their disposal . Aldnoah ... Count Saazbaum lamented our hierarchical society based on Aldnoah activation rights . He even believed it was a mistake to live on Mars in the first place . Because they had the power to do so , humans migrated to Mars and began the war . Princess Asseylum , Princess Lemrina ... Both are victims of Aldnoah . That holds true for us , as well . But our days of being swallowed by that power are at an end . Using the territory we gained in this battle as a beachhead , we will eventually expand our domain across the entire Earth . And then , by combining the power of Aldnoah with bountiful resources , we will build our world . Repair status ? Not good , ma 'am . The wiring is fried , and it 's taking a long time to replace it . A mission at a time like this ... ? The Deucalion is grounded , so our Kataphraktoi platoons will have to be transported via landing craft to the battle line . Our two platoons will attack the Landing Castle from the north and cause a disturbance and provide cover for the assault force that will attack from the southwest . " Commando unit " has a nice ring to it , but we 're really just sacrificial pawns . Perhaps Command has calculated that the odds are in their favor somehow . Do you think those odds extend to us ? I don 't , ma 'am . In that case , I suppose we need to run our own set of numbers . Hey , Kaizuka Jr . Can that fast thinking of yours do something about those damn Martians ? It 's tricky . Elektris , which uses electricity as a weapon . And Skandia , which can turn invisible . Both are formidable on their own . And as far as the Ortygia 's replication ability goes , I don 't have anywhere near enough data . Sparks , Dupes , and Houdini . It 's like we 're in a Sonny Chiba movie or something . We know from observation that when the Ortygia splits , it always splits from one into two , never into three or more . When the second one appears , it 's always within a radius of 30 meters . No matter how much it splits , there 's probably only one original that 's piloted . The rest are fakes . So our only option is to locate and destroy the original . But how do we do that ? I guess the only way is to mark the original before it duplicates and track it that way . If we put up a smoke screen , we can use trails in the smoke to locate the Skandia . And the lightning ? Do you have any ideas for that ? One hit from that , and it 'll blow our electronics and actuators . What about insulators ? You know , the stuff that doesn 't conduct electricity . Are you stupid ? What are you , a grade-schooler ? Why am I stupid ? What 's wrong with that ? Air already is an insulator . There 's no way to block electricity that 's powerful enough to punch through so much insulation . But what makes it really tricky is the fact that these tough bastards are working together . Yeah , they 're bad enough one at a time . Hang on ... I might have an idea . You 're gonna use your eye again ? Don 't worry , it 's fine . I 'm always running a mutation code . It gets more and more optimized over time . Its predictive ability is even better than before . Calm , will you do a loadout change for me ? No problem . Just tell me what you need . What I used up there . I need those . Princess Lemrina , the invasion of Earth is proceeding without incident . I see . I knew that you could do it , Slaine . On a related note , perhaps you could say a few words to those Orbital Knights who distinguished themselves in battle ? " Me , " you mean ? Yes . If Princess Asseylum were to honor their achievements , it would win over more Orbital Knights to our side . " Our " side ? Yes , Princess Lemrina . Very well . Incidentally , Slaine , what is my sister 's condition ? The reports say that she is still in critical condition . I see . For now , all we can do is have faith in the medical staff and entrust her to their care . That 's true , let 's pray for a quick recovery . You shouldn 't dwell on it too much either , Slaine . Thank you for your kind words . Excuse me , but I must go . You liar . Clydesdale Leader to all units ! All units , spread out ! Mustang Leader to Mustang 00 . Nao , what 's their position ? Preliminary results are in . Sending coordinates and timing . Mustang 11 , 22 . Move out . - Roger . - Roger . Ortygia Master is our first target . Attack simultaneously and destroy it . Sorraia Platoon , straight ahead ! Gotland Platoon , swing around to the west ! Sorraia Platoon , acknowledged . Gotland Platoon , acknowledged ! Master is the third from the right . Commence attack ! You thought you had the original ? Guess again . I , Orga , will deal with the main enemy force . Nonius Platoon , Pleven Platoon , launch focused attack on the Skandia and destroy it . Smoke grenades , fire . Spotted him ! Over there ! Fire , fire , fire , fire ! Up to the same tricks again ? What an unimaginative bunch . Don 't you agree , Count Sebring ? Let 's have a little fun with them , Count Raffia ! The smoke screen vanished ? ! Colloids are absorbed by ions . This is another way to use electricity . A lightning attack from Invisibility ? ! When one dies in battle , it ought to be a beautiful death , don 't you think ? Assuming that you are true Kataphraktos operators . Main force and assault units both seem to be having trouble ! Meaning that Lightning and Invisibility are working together . Mustang 00 , what 's your status ? Data collected ! The smoke screen negation and expanded invisibility field were unexpected , though . Can you compensate ? I 'll manage . I see ... After I lost consciousness , the war has gone on for nearly two years . Yes , Milady . And it is Slaine who ... What in the world is going on ? Milady , where are you going ? To see Slaine . And to learn the truth . Milady ... You – . Why ... ? Why ... must you always stand in my way ? Who are ... I ... I am you ! Using tactical data link to analyze enemy behavior multidimensionally and deduce enemy 's habits in battle . Will deploy friendlies in positions vulnerable to enemies ' preferred attack patterns and prompt them to attack . Whether the analysis will be complete in time , though ... Sending most recent data . Take positions ! - Roger . - Roger . Roger here , too . He 's probably right-handed . He moves counter-clockwise to make it easier to attack enemies to the left . I don 't like being bait ... Where is he now ? He 's circling around behind you . To keep from giving away his position , he should stop his lightning attack and then , once he 's behind his target , he 'll momentarily come to a stop and take careful aim . Yuki , now ! Is he really there ? Found him ! Impossible ! This is Mustang Leader , target spotted ! Mustang 00 , launching . Roger , Mustang 00 ! Dropping ! The Skandia 's leg ... ! It can 't support the Elektris ' weight . Disengage linkup ! I will handle this ! Get clear ! Targets confirmed . ♪ 9 , fire . As I told you , that won 't work ! How about these rounds ? How ? ! Electricity flows from high potential to low potential . Your lightning won 't strike an object with the same electrical potential as you . That 's to keep you from being struck yourself . Have a taste of this ! It 's too late . I 'm the same potential as you now . It can 't be ... This is the orange one I 've heard about ? Count Sebring ! I am sending assistance ! Hold on ! Inaho ! Smoke grenades ! Gotcha ! Fire ! It can 't be ... Curse you , you 've killed my comrades ... You will pay ! Are you okay , Nao ? Yeah . Thanks , Yuki . 9 o 'clock ! Here they come ! Pick them off ! You wished to see me , Princess Lemrina ? Slaine ... What is the meaning of this ? Princess Asseylum ... My sister ... She has already woken up , hasn 't she ? I always knew that I would have to tell you eventually . Would you mind explaining yourself ? Princess Asseylum is not quite herself yet . I needed to have you continue to portray her until she recovers . In order to create a new world . A new world ? Yes , a world free of worry . A world of everlasting peace , one without conflict and without sadness . And who will rule this world ? Her Highness Asseylum Vers Allusia , of course . Do you believe that my sister wants such a thing ? I know that she does not . That is exactly why I will make it a reality and present it to her . Your Highness , do you know why wars break out ? They are a means of negotiation between states . No . Wars break out because there is someone to fight against . To eliminate war , there are two options : Invade and assimilate , or utterly exterminate one 's adversary so that only you remain . Mankind 's history is a history of conflict . The very instant that Mars split off from Earth , war was inevitable . Yes ... Even if I had not , someone else eventually would have . You have changed . You are no longer the Slaine I once knew , are you ? Princess Asseylum ... ! I told her everything . In the name of Asseylum Vers Allusia , Princess Royal of the Vers Empire , I order Count Slaine Saazbaum Troyard to immediately cease all hostilities . I thought we just needed to take out the master ! Which is the real one ? ! The one we marked wasn 't the original ! Where 's it hiding ? ! I thought that one of them would be the real one , but maybe I was wrong . What do you mean , wrong ? ! My analysis of the duplicates turned up something interesting . In the instant that they manifest , the master 's state is perfectly preserved , everything from its orientation to its energy state . Meaning what ? Maybe he 's using quantum teleportation to create copies of himself . Except the original is left intact instead of being destroyed , effectively creating a duplicate . Again , meaning what ? ! It means that ... they 're all the real one . Slave all Kataphraktoi platoon targeting and triggers to me ! Send request to company command post . Yes , ma 'am ! Inputting coordinates and vectors for all Ortygias ... How many more is he gonna make ? ! Any time now , Kaizuka Jr . ! Targets are multiplying . I need more time to update . If it 's not one thing , it 's another ! Our ammo won 't last forever ! Tactical data link , synchronized . Slaving all UFE Kataphraktoi targeting to centralized control . Nao , how much longer ? ! We 'll only get one chance . If they 're all real ... All targets locked . Fire ! Wow ... If they 're all real , we need to destroy them all at the same time , right ? Enemy Kataphraktoi eliminated . You did it , Inaho ! Yeah . I 'm glad it worked . I couldn 't have done it without you . Slaine . Please , put an end to this . Princess Asseylum . I cannot obey your order . You see , I am no longer a citizen of the Vers Empire . I am terribly sorry . I must take you both into custody . Captain , message from General Headquarters . You 'll have about two minutes until the laser communications satellite dips below the horizon , ma 'am . That little ? Put it on speaker . This is Darzana Magbaredge , captain of the Deucalion . This is Vice Admiral Eelis Hakkinen . That was a brilliant operation . Retrofit progress status ? Almost finished . That 's good to hear . It 's equipment that the Deucalion will need on her new mission . - A mission in the Satellite Belt , sir ? - No . You 'll be going even higher this time . You will be briefed later . Transmission ended . The laser 's gain has dropped . Comms satellite is leaving line of sight . His way of saying he won 't take no for an answer , huh ? It sounds like this is going to be a large battle . Damn it ... He thinks he can use us however he wants just because the Deucalion has an Aldnoah drive . A space loadout , ma 'am ? A catapult module ... - Milord Slaine . - What is it ? The princesses have been made comfortable in their quarters . I see . Even if they do not understand what you are trying to accomplish , Milord , I 'm sure that one day – I don 't mind . Whether or not I can get them to understand is irrelevant . Milord Slaine , a spaceship is approaching the base . It is requesting permission to dock . A spaceship ? It is a visitor from the Vers homeworld . So , this is Earth ? The blue planet where my father lies interred ... Yes , Count Cruhteo . Stop that . I still find it awkward to be addressed by my father 's name . Please call me Cronkine . As you wish , Milord . Count Cronkine , then . Now , what will he be like , I wonder ? Let 's go meet the son of Dr. Troyard .
