 Count Cruhteo ? Yes , his eldest son inherited his title . Klancain , eh ? I have heard that he is intensely loyal to the emperor . Those who have not yet submitted to me are essentially loyalists . If we can sway him over to our camp , it would be possible to get them all to change sides at once . Indeed . The question , though , is whether he is a man who can be trusted . Deucalion , lift off ! All ahead dead slow ! All ahead dead slow ! We will now leave the atmosphere and make for the Satellite Belt . Our staging area is Parnassos Base ! Our attack target is the enemy 's moonbase . It is the main enemy fortress where Princess Asseylum is . Given that the Landing Castle in the sector we are approaching is likely to serve as a shelter for Princess Asseylum in the event of an attack , it will be necessary to attack these two fortifications simultaneously . Therefore , we will be splitting our forces into two for this operation . Breton Company and the Deucalion will , at 2200 hours Earth Standard Time , commence their attack against the Landing Castle . After we have confirmation that the enemy moonbase 's forces have split off to defend the Landing Castle , Trakehner Company will make use of the asteroids that litter the area . They will conceal their approach of the enemy base and then strike ! This operation is designated Operation Luna Gate . Forgive me , Milady . If I had not been so careless ... No , any blame must rest with me . This entire situation began with me . Don 't say such things , Milady ... You are right . If you were truly gone ... If you had remained asleep , everything would have gone smoothly . No one wept for you ... And he would not have been corrupted ... You care deeply for Slaine , don 't you ? And you ? ! What about you ? ! Who do you care for ? ! My heart belongs to the world of Vers and the people who dwell there . That is what I was taught and how I have lived my life . I feel sorry for you . We will attack the Landing Castle along with Breton Company . We are responsible for half of this two-front operation , the second being the attack on the moonbase . That is the mission we have been given by headquarters . A two-front operation ? Basically , we 're just here to get the enemy to divide his forces . By using this ship as bait again ... However , I have no intention of accepting that role lying down . People , don 't throw your lives away , and until we return to Earth , I want you to do your best . Dismissed . All hands to your assigned stations ! Captain . I had a feeling you would speak with me . I have something to discuss with you , too . I apologize for the delay . As I understand it , you have come all this way to offer your condolences over my father , Count Saazbaum . We are quite a long way from Vers , after all . That , as well as congratulations for your succession , are long overdue , Lord Troyard . No , it is I who must apologize for failing to congratulate you on your own succession to the peerage , Count Cruhteo . Klancain is fine . I am still unaccustomed to the title . As you wish , then . Princess Asseylum was looking forward to seeing you again after so long , but ... I hear that she has been feeling unwell . It is nothing serious , but one cannot be too careful . I am most indebted to your late father . He was not hard on you ? He was a man who was stern to a fault . I learned a great many lessons from him . I would not be the man I am today were it not for him . I saw the Tharsis . I am glad that it appears to be of some use to you , Lord Troyard . I heard while en route here . Something to the effect that you were going to found a new kingdom here ? It was Princess Asseylum 's wish . Was it also His Majesty 's ? It is my understanding that he is not well . Our top medical staff are tending to him with our latest medical equipment . There is no cause for concern . That is good news . I am sure that when Princess Asseylum 's wish comes true , His Majesty will also be overjoyed . One would hope so . If you were to lend us your support , Lord Klancain , it would be most reassuring . I look forward to it . To seeing this new kingdom alter Vers ' future . Examination of rock clusters exhibiting unnatural behavior suggests objects of different mass behind them . Camouflage , eh ? The Stygis Squadron ? Ready for launch . See Count Klancain to a safe location . Enemy force will be in firing range in 7 minutes . We 'll gradually move the line back as we engage them and separate the enemy force from the moonbase . All hands to battle stations . Now beginning launch sequence . Connecting flywheel . Starting catapult arm rotation . Opening hatch . Clydesdale Platoon , move to launch position . Roger . Clydesdale Leader to all units . Move to launch position . Anchors engaged . Catapult arm rotation nominal . Beginning acceleration . Go for launch in 20 seconds . Clydesdale Leader , cleared for launch . Roger , cleared for launch . All units , launch . Blast off ! And now Mustang Platoon , prepare for launch . Breton Company and Deucalion , begin attack as planned . Roger that . Let 's go , too . Begin attack ! Multiple enemy contacts detected in the direction of Libra . Kataphrakts . Intercept them . It 's begun . Yeah . Enemy defenses are pretty tough , all right ... They knew that this was going to be a tough fight . The reason it was necessary to push ahead with this operation in spite of that ... was because HQ had a more important mission in mind . The captain was right to be suspicious . That 's a covert infiltration by an assault team during an all-out offensive ... For sabotage ? No , there would be no need for secrecy then . Their objective has to be ... to assassinate Princess Asseylum . Bastard ! Fire ! Next ! 90 seconds to closest approach . Roger . Let 's stick to the plan , then . Inko . I had wanted to come alone . It 's going to be dangerous from here on . So – . Oh , come on ... You 're giving me that again ? The captain assigned me to provide support out of recognition for my accomplishments . For the fact that I 've been fighting alongside you and the others . Sorry , Inko . All right , let 's go . This is close enough . I 'll make the drop from here . It 's too dangerous . We 're still too high . Enemy units ! Drop me ! You can 't return fire like this ! It 's okay ! The wind 's strong ! I can dodge it from this range . Inko ! A little more ! Yuki ! I 've got this ! Thanks , Yuki . It 's safe to drop me , Inko . Roger . Be careful . We 'll split up here . Each team will search their assigned route . When the target is spotted , carry out mission immediately . Dismissed . Ambush ! I was also expecting an infiltration team . It is likely that the enemy has also infiltrated other zones . I will dispatch guards . The princesses ? Being relocated to a more secure block . Lord Troyard . Your servant Barouhcruz has rushed over to provide assistance ! Ah , you have come . You have my thanks . I will also send Harklight to your location . What in the world is happening ? I 'll hold them off here . The rest of you , locate the target ! Importing base security feeds and generating map . I 'm using you too much , huh ? I-I 'm all right ... Infiltration team position confirmed . If I follow their path of advance ... that 's where Seylum will be . We can do this . The enemy is as good as wiped – . Ultra high-tension monofilament wire spooled around a superconducting electromagnetic bobbin . There is nothing that this blade cannot cut through ! You see to the rats in the area , Sir Harklight ! Consider it done ! Target located ! Please get back ! You two ! Run , Highness ! Milord Slaine , we 've lost contact with the escorts ! What ? ! Where are the princesses ? ! Making for the landing port , but enemy forces are heading there as well ! Sending more personnel immed – I 'll go ! Why would you help me ? I do not need a reason to save someone . Such arrogance ... The suffering of those you save never enters your mind , does it ? Milady Lemrina ! Leave me . I will remain here . We must escape at once ! Escape to where ? And from whom ? I 'm certain we can find safety – . This place is my only shelter . Go ! Where are we ? Do ... Do another search . Seylum ... has to be nearby . I didn 't expect to see you here , Inaho Kaizuka . Slaine Troyard ... Calculate firing point from bullet path . Thermograph . Steam pipes ... Where 's Seylum ... Where is Princess Asseylum ? Don 't get her involved ! Get her involved ? She is a means to achieving my ends . Nothing more . You 're going to exploit her ? If she is , do you have a problem with that ? ! You were an enemy all along ! If that 's all you were , there would have been no need to hate you . Over there ! After him ! Let 's go ! Eddelrittuo ! Are you all right , Eddelrittuo ? And you , Milady ? Milady ! Seylum ? Inaho ! Seylum ... I 'm glad ... you 're okay . Inaho ! Milady ! Inaho ! Inaho ! Ina – . Princess Asseylum Vers Allusia , identity confirmed . Inaho ? Thought processes stopped . Running backup program . What 's the matter , Inaho ? Temporarily assuming control over Inaho Kaizuka 's thought processes , awareness , and speech functions . Who ... are you ? Even though this boy is aware that Princess Asseylum is a separate individual , he misidentifies her as a part of himself . Part of himself ? He therefore placed maximum priority on her safety and has acted to protect her . He came ... to rescue me ? Will provide information in accordance with those behavioral principles . Use communications line inside F3 gate airlock to contact Inko Amifumi . The crew of the Deucalion ... they are here ? ! Let 's go , Milady . I know where that airlock is . But we can 't leave Inaho here – . There is no cause for concern . In 420 seconds , help will arrive . Then we should hurry all the more . There is no telling if that " help " is on our side . Please tell him something for me . " Thank you from the bottom of my heart . " Command confirmed . And also ... I also ... I also think of you as a part of myself . We need to leave . Wait ... I have one more favor to ask ! This way ! Just a moment , I 'll get the transmission – . Princess Asseylum , I presume ? Prepare to die . Are you unharmed , Highness ? You are ... Klancain ? We last met at my father 's commendation ceremony . I am honored that you remember me . Chance Meeting and Separation
