 Has there been any contact with Count Mazuurek since then ? No . However , his Landing Castle is still functional . If its Aldnoah is still active , that means that Count Mazuurek is alive . Perhaps he is lying low and waiting for an opening . Or perhaps ... Or perhaps he has been taken prisoner by the Terrans . Either way , it would be prudent to assume that Count Mazuurek will not return . In which case , there is but one course of action . What are you ... ? I cannot allow that Earthborn stray to run loose any longer . Resupplying and inspection operations are on schedule . No delays reported . As for Kataphrakt repairs , we are working in concert with the base 's repair depot to get back on schedule . Very good . Carry on . Yes , ma 'am . And our Mars Knight guest ? Not a word . He appears to be the silent type . Mizusaki , do you know why men who are the silent type are so attractive ? Is it because they always seem calm and collected ? It 's because they sit quietly and listen to what you have to say . And our replacement crew ? Y-Yes , ma 'am . They 're already aboard , and station shifts have been revised . A few of them were members of our previous crew . Warrant Officer Kaizuka and Lt. Marito . As well as Dr. Yagarai , who is now serving as an official medical officer with the rank of ensign . Also , there has been a request from Ensign Kaizuka to interrogate the Mars Knight . From Kaizuka Junior ? He says he wants to use his analytical engine . You programmed this yourself , Inaho ? All I did was customize the firmware that it was already running . The area it 's tied into has been expanded , too . How 's it feel ? Not all that different . Try not to expand it any further , okay ? By the time you notice it 's affecting your brain , it 'll already be too late . I won 't . I 'm aware of the risks . Oh , this is where you are . Yuki . Got a minute ? Nao , why did you decide to serve aboard this ship ? What do you mean , why ? There 's no reason for you to fight , right ? You should have packed up and left once your injuries were healed . It 's the same for you , Yuki . No , it 's not . I 'm a soldier . There was no reason for you to become a soldier , so it is the same . It is not ! I regret it every day ... That I made you into a soldier . When I saw you that day , unconscious and covered in blood , I asked myself , " Why didn 't I stop you ? " I became a soldier because I wanted to protect you and the world you live in . But you still ... I 'm sorry . But I can 't stand around doing nothing . It 's because of the princess , then ? That girl 's not the Princess Asseylum you used to know . She 's now an enemy who 's trying to conquer the Earth . That person is a fake . The real one is still alive somewhere . How could you possibly know that ? That 's what my left eye determined . Judging from the situation , I think she 's being held against her will . So I want to rescue Seylum . That 's impossible ! Yuki , she was shot right in front of me . I was hurt , and she was shot as she was trying to help me . That 's why I have to save her . Nao ... It 's been a long time . What is the Kataphrakt 's status ? When they ran diagnostics , they found even the sub-frame had been warped by the gravity waves . Looks like it basically needs an overhaul . I hear you quit drinking . My primary physician is a real nag . I guess a toast is out of the question , then . There 's always room for toasts . You 're unbelievable . It was doctor 's orders . Medicinal . How are you feeling ? Not very well , looks like . I heard you were subjected to a full body search . I never imagined I would be subjected to such primitive questioning . We can 't have you using a poison tooth . What an outdated notion ... That does seem to be your national character . From a Terran 's point of view , I suppose Vers ' feudal system would seem just as anachronistic . If it 's a problem , change it yourselves . Spoken like someone born into a land of plenty . You 're like pigs who are about to die . Once you are too cold to move , it is too late . You know quite a bit . You admit I 'm right ? No , about pigs . Even though Princess Asseylum had never seen birds before . You have spoken to Princess Asseylum ? She spent time aboard this ship . I see . You are one of those who sought to exploit her , then . It wasn 't exploitation . It was cooperation . Cooperation , you say ? Can you tell me one thing ? Do I look like a man who would sell out his country lightly ? You don 't look that way . Or sound that way . Which makes you the perfect man to ask . Have you sworn loyalty to Princess Asseylum ? Aren 't you going to eat , Rayet ? If you don 't eat a little , you won 't have any energy when we go into battle . I 'm not hungry . With fasting diets , the weight starts coming off at your boobs . I 've never gone on a diet before . You 've never dieted before , Rayet ? That 's amazing ! How do you keep that figure ? Would you tell me , too ? Commander . Having lunch , ma 'am ? I thought it would be nice to eat somewhere besides the ship while we 're in port . Right , we don 't get to eat out very often , do we ? That reminds me , has anyone seen Inaho ? I was going to ask him to join us for lunch , but I haven 't seen him . Ensign Kaizuka is interrogating the Mars Knight at the moment . Inaho 's interrogating him ? I 'm heading back . Hey , wait ... Rayet ? She didn 't tell us the secret to her figure . So , you are saying that the Princess Asseylum currently at our moon base is an impostor ? Yes . If that is true , where is the real one ? Is she being held prisoner somewhere ? Or is there a reason she cannot show herself ? Possibly both . That left eye of yours saw through that , as well ? It 's an analytical engine . Impossible ! I am not so foolish that I would believe such a preposterous tale ! We 've retrieved your Kataphrakt . Its Aldnoah Drive was knocked offline by the force of the explosion . It will never work again . You powered it down yourself , didn 't you ? Out of fear that Terrans would steal it . Weren 't you listening ? It stopped working after the explosion . Did it , now ? Just as I thought , you shut it down intentionally . I will say it again . Princess Asseylum is an impostor . There are many species of birds , as well . Large birds . Small birds . And brilliantly-colored birds . They 're beautiful ... This is how birds fly through Earth 's skies . Most birds fly , but there are some species of flightless birds . Flightless birds ? I suspect that Princess Asseylum might say that she finds it sad that they cannot fly even though they have wings . She is a kindhearted person . But their inability to fly does not trouble them in the least . On the contrary , perhaps the ones to be pitied are the birds who can fly , but are kept in a cage . Why would someone lock them in a cage ? Because they are so very beautiful . Princess Asseylum was shot right in front of me . Shot by Count Saazbaum . Preposterous ! Who then left with Slaine Troyard . They took Princess Asseylum , who was on the verge of death , with them . Count Saazbaum was celebrated as the hero who rescued Princess Asseylum ! He 's no hero . He 's the mastermind behind the plot to assassinate her . Count Saazbaum is ? Those bastards tricked my father and used him as much as they could and then they killed him like some lowly insect . You are Vers-born ? I see ... In any event , your father would have died sooner or later . Consider it a blessing that he wasn 't branded a traitor and lynched . What 's that supposed to mean ? Are you saying my father deserved to be killed ? Let 's go . I 'm not done with him ! Come on . Let go ! You must think I 'm an idiot . That I 'll always be bound by the past . Always be a prisoner to it . You 're right . I 'm just like them . All I can do is blame others . Hate them , envy them , and fight them . A stupid Martian ! You 're different . - I am not . - You are . - I am not ! - You are . I 'm no different ! I hate Martians ! And I hate myself most of all ! Count Marylcian , you say ? - Yes , sir . - He has been calling repeatedly , insisting that he be put through to Princess Asseylum . What does Milord Slaine say ? There is no sign of him , sir . What is all this commotion ? - Leave us . - Yes , sir . Oh , dear . You can 't have your discussion with me in the room ? Unfortunately not , Highness . Knowledge of your existence is limited , even here at the moon base . I must ask that you avoid public areas . Shall I speak to him ? It 's Count Marylcian , isn 't it ? But , Highness ... Is there a problem ? Patch him through to the throne room . Her Highness Asseylum is most gracious . Please forgive this sudden disturbance . It is a pleasure to see you , Count Marylcian . Now , what did you wish to discuss with me ? It must be urgent indeed for you to contact me without first obtaining Count Troyard 's permission . Ah . One cannot speak to you in private ? I must say , Count Troyard is being rather overprotective to keep you under guard thus . Perhaps " under guard " was a poor choice of words . He is more a knight who seeks to protect his princess imprisoned in her ivory tower . Oh , my apologies if I have given offense . I compared Your Highness to a bird in a cage . A bird in a cage ? Apparently , that is the expression used on Earth to describe one who has been deprived of her freedom . Message from base command ! They report that the prisoner has escaped ! Put the ship on alert ! Inform all duty stations ! Yes , ma 'am ! These late-night alarms are killing me ... Rayet , we have to get out there ! Rayet ? So , it 's you . Come with me . Hurry . Why are you doing this ? I want you to go back to your Landing Castle and find out where the real Princess Asseylum is . Why me ? Because you want the same thing as Princess Asseylum . I don 't think that you ever had any desire to attack Earth . Your left eye also told you that ? I can tell that much even without using my left eye . You were very familiar with Earth . Your interest in Earth goes beyond its value as an invasion target . So you do see everything . There 's one other thing that I want you to find out for me . What Slaine Troyard 's objective is . Keep going north and you 'll reach the Martian Landing Castle . You 'll need to walk from here . Here . Food and water . We can 't have you dying of thirst before you get away . I wouldn 't mind at all if you did , though . If it comes down to it , I need you to keep Princess Asseylum safe . Before I go , may I ask you one thing ? What is your name ? I am Mazuurek , member of the Vers Empire Orbital Knights ' 37 Clans . Mazuurek ... There 's a type of folk music on Earth with a similar name . Yes . As I researched my name 's meaning , I became fascinated with Earth . And your name ? Inaho . Inaho Kaizuka . Mr. Mazuurek . Take good care of Princess Asseylum . I shall do so , Inaho Kaizuka . Tell me , why did you ask me to help with this ? What do you mean ? Didn 't you think that I would kill that Martian ? Just like that time with Princess Asseylum ? In the end , you didn 't actually kill her back then . - I failed to kill her . - You 're different . - I am not . - You are . Give it a rest , I am not – . You are . You 're not the same person you were then . Mustang Leader to Mustang 11 . What 's your status ? Mustang 11 , nothing to report . Stay on alert . Roger . Inaho ... Why ? What 's the meaning of this ? ! Who gave those Landing Castles authorization to dock ? ! Milord , it was ... I did . Highness ? Count Marylcian requested a personal audience with Princess Asseylum . And so , I gave them permission to dock . As Princess Asseylum . Rather , a princess of Vers . Why would you do such a thing ? ! Let 's be off . It would be poor manners to keep our visitors waiting . We are both humbled and delighted that Your Highness has granted us an audience on such short notice . Count Marylcian , Count Barouhcruz , I am most grateful to you both for bolstering our orbital defenses . Under normal circumstances , I expect that you would wish to go down to Earth and expand your domains . We shall leave the conquest of Earth in the hands of our like-minded brethren . Your Highness needn 't worry . I see . That is good to hear . However , there is a matter of even greater import to discuss . With the previous Count Saazbaum dead , who will succeed to the post of Royal Guard , who is charged with safeguarding the moon base and Your Highness ? There is no cause for concern . I have taken over those duties . Princess Asseylum , I have come to beg you to consider giving me the honor of serving at your side . But Count Marylcian , I have – I will thank you to keep your comments to yourself , Terran ! This is a fortress that flies the flag of the Vers Empire . If that post were bestowed upon the previous Count Saazbaum , a man of great merit who rescued Her Highness , I would be disappointed , but would nonetheless approve . Yet you , an Earthborn even if you are his adopted son , dare to think you can inherit that post using this turmoil as a pretext ? To have one of low blood set foot inside the castle where a member of the venerable Vers imperial family dwells is a fact that cannot be tolerated ! One who does not possess a Landing Castle is unfit to call himself count . You are not qualified to protect this place , not in the least ! What are you suggesting , then ? That we determine which is more fit to protect Her Highness , my Herschel or your Tharsis . Count Troyard , I hereby challenge you to a duel ! Dawn of Intrigue
