 I love this place . I can walk on my own two feet here ! I command you in the name of royal Versian blood ! Aldnoah , awaken ! Not only have you survived , you have assumed command of our world . I am most impressed . I am proud of you , Asseylum . Thank you , Grandfather . You seem to have grown stronger . I have been through much . People tend to change as they gain experience . From the red sands of our home , I pray for your success in battle . You never change at all , Grandfather . Trident Base , this is Capt. Magbaredge of the Deucalion . Requesting docking clearance . Welcome to Trident , Deucalion . You are cleared to dock . Please berth at pier 12 . Deucalion , acknowledged . Course , Trident Base docking bay , pier 12 . Begin deceleration . Beginning deceleration . So that 's the ship with the Martian tech ... I hear she 's crewed by children who aren 't even old enough for the reserves . What 's the world coming to ? Wow , look at them all ! They must have scrounged up every squad capable of making it here . Because this is going to be a massive operation . Deceleration complete in 5 seconds ... Three , two , one . Engines , all stop . We are now at a stop relative to pier 12 . Power down engines . Once mooring is complete , begin inspections and resupplying . Ensign Kaizuka , are you in ? It 's open . How are you feeling , Inaho ? Not bad , I guess . It still hurts a little , though . Don 't you have pills ? I feel better when I take them , but it degrades the sensitivity of the neural link . Oh , that makes sense ... It must be rough . It looks like an ordinary eye to me . How well does it work ? I get by with it . It 's a developmental prototype , so the code needs to be improved , but I can make out most things . Catch . Thanks . Weight , 49.2kg. Have you gained a little weight ? H-How could you know that ? I used 3D measurements to calculate the change in momentum when you caught that 200g pack and worked out your total mass . I subtracted the estimated weight of your uniform from that . I 'm not getting fat ! I have more muscle mass from exercising , that 's all . That 's a lie . I can see stress in the formant analysis of your voice . Are you sure it 's not broken ? It 's working perfectly . Now what ? I can see identical stress patterns in her voice . Especially here . I , Vers Empire Princess Royal Asseylum Vers Allusia ... Hang on ! If that is a lie , it means ... she isn 't really the princess . This part 's waveform is definitely a lie . Have you been stress eating ? I haven 't been stress eating ! Your stress went up again . I 'm not talking to you ever again ! Something wrong ? Not really . I thought it would be easy to read Inko . That clinches it . You really are an idiot , aren 't you ? You 're telling the truth . Milord Slaine . Eddelrittuo , shouldn 't you be with Princess Lemrina ? It 's all right . I won 't tell anyone . I 'm sorry ... Oh , right . We spotted that ship you told us about . The Deucalion ? It looks like they were secretly repairing it . Reports say it defeated Baron Yacoym and came up into space . We might be forced to fight them . Do you suppose that would make Princess Asseylum sad ? I wonder when she will wake up ... What if she never ... Don 't worry . We will see her smile again . I know it . Milady ... I have asked Asseylum to do what you wanted . Everything has been arranged . You may rest assured . I once lied to him that she had been assassinated , and now I am lying to him that she is alive ... Slaine . What is your opinion of Vers as it is now ? It is not my place to offer an opinion on our sacred homeland . It is all right . You may speak freely . I believe it is possible for our society , with its powerless , impoverished citizenry , to become prosperous by conquering Earth , making it a domain , and taking its resources . However ... That wealth is likely to find its way to only the upper classes and will not improve the lives of the citizens in the slightest . What is your suggestion , then ? Aldnoah ... Those who possess Aldnoah control everything . That is the problem in a nutshell . Well put . We owe much to His Imperial Majesty for unearthing Aldnoah . But it was a grave sin to hoard that power and create a society where the powerful control all . When we have achieved victory and seized the Earth , that red world will change . Lend me your strength , Slaine . I will , Count Saazbaum . Is my beloved steed ready ? We 've finished its activation tests . Once we 've finished fine-tuning the sync between each unit , it will be combat-ready . Do that on the island ! Stygis Squadron , prepare to move out ! Yes , sir ! Tharsis , stand . It 's not powering up ... Its Aldnoah Drive is offline ... Why ? Princess Lemrina . Is something the matter , Slaine ? Why have you deactivated the Tharsis ? Whatever are you talking about ? The only one here who can forcibly deactivate Aldnoah is Your Highness . Possibly . Please activate the Aldnoah . No . Please . Perhaps you should ask my sister ? It had always struck me as odd . How could you , a Terran , operate the Tharsis ? I 'm sure she would be happy to know you still love her in spite of her condition . Even though we share a father , no one pays me any heed simply because we have different mothers . That is not true at all . We all admire you , Princess Lemrina . Liar . It is no lie . It is . It 's not me that you admire , it 's my activation factor . Isn 't that exactly why you came to me ? Lord Slaine ? Do you want me that badly ? Is Aldnoah so important to you ? Am I my sister 's replacement ? I knew it , I am . I hate you . I was born on Earth . When my scientist father died , I lost my one protector . I became a servant of the Vers Orbital Knights . I will not say that I understand your hardships . But I , too , have known cruel treatment due to my birth . I can understand your suffering , if only some small portion of it . You do have my heartfelt admiration , Princess Lemrina . Lift your eyes , Slaine . Now , activate it once yourself . You have my thanks . Good hunting , Sir Slaine Troyard . Milord Slaine . I apologize for the delay . That display was touching . I am proud that you are my master . You saw that ? How embarrassing . All units , launch ! Destination , Marineros Island ! Everything that was yours , I will take on as my own . So rest easy , dear sister . We will soon enter Earth orbit . We will perform an aerobrake maneuver , slingshot around , and enter the Satellite Belt . We will then make for Marineros Island . Milord Slaine , it is time . Right . As you are aware , the countless rocks that comprise the Satellite Belt travel in an elliptical orbit around the Earth . Trident Base is one of those rocks . Now , this is the orbit of Marineros , the frontline base of the Mars Army . The two will make a close approach in 72 hours ' time . The distance between them will be a mere 7km . That 's close enough to be seen with the naked eye . For that reason , a large-scale battle is expected between our two bases . Operating under that assumption , we have gathered you here from both orbit and the surface to assemble a powerful fighting force . It is thought that the Mars Army will also amass their forces for an all-out offensive . Exercise caution while attacking . The mission is as follows . We 've never fought a space battle of this scale since the war began . We predict an increase in high-density rocks in the area at the time of the operation . Do you think we can handle it ? As a result , long-range fire will be thrown off course . Who knows ? But considering that it 'll be a first for the enemy , too , Your chances of landing a hit will be low . It 's probably nothing to be scared about . But this will hold true for the enemy , as well . Be that as it may , it is still a subject for concern . Judging from the Mars Army 's fighting style to date , they have a tendency to put more emphasis on offense than defense . What a shame . Ma 'am ? As such , there is a high probability of them mobilizing their base 's mechanized units . If you let that endearing side show every day , you 'd be sure to get a date . And engaging us in close-quarter combat . Deceleration complete in five seconds . Three , two , one , clear . A little something for the ride . Stygis Platoon , show me what you are made of . Stygis 1 , by your command . Stygis 2 , by your command . Stygis 3 , by your command . Intense heat signatures closing in from LEO at high speed ! Not reading an IFF signal ! From below ? ! They will pass within 2km of this base on a trajectory that will take them to the Mars Army 's Marineros Base ! Orders from HQ to intercept , ma 'am ! Ships closing in at high speed . 7 mid-sized ships , and 3 small units . They intend to launch a surprise attack prior to the all-out offensive . Scramble all operational shipboard Kataphrakts ! And prep the ship for emergency launch ! Calm . Is mine ready ? Repairs are complete . It 's also fully kitted out with a space loadout . Thanks . Are you sure you want to keep this gaudy color ? Give the word , and I 'll paint it . It 's okay . It 's supposed to attract attention . Huh ? Don 't worry about it . Ghanaati Platoon , in position . Harroway Platoon , in position . Mustang 11 , in position ! Mustang 22 , in position ! Relative velocity with enemy units is 3kps . They 'll pass by in a flash . Meaning that their chances of attacking are slim . Stygis 1 , commencing attack . Stygis 2 , commencing attack . Stygis 3 , commencing attack . Fire incoming ! Bastard ! The wind is complicated . Neither one of us will land a hit at this range . Someone 's shots landed ? At this range ? Mustang 00 , commencing attack . Inaho ! Compensating for gravity gradient resulting from dense satellite clusters . Ready . Target set ... Fire . Next ! Next ! The Stygis Platoon , it 's – . Inaho ! Are you all right , Count ? Slaine ! I will act as a decoy to draw their fire . Mr. Harklight , take evasive action . Understood ! They 're going to hit ! He dodged it ? How did it move like that ? That 's pinpoint accuracy ! How are shots landing in this wind ? Speed ? No , that 's not it . It 's anticipating the rounds ' trajectory . But how ? Who is this person ? It 's him . An orange Kataphrakt ... It can 't be ! I 've been looking for you , Bat ... No , I guess you did a class change and are Gull now . Enemy convoy is almost in effective firing range ! Fire at will ! Inaho ! Enemy convoy has passed . Now breaking away . Continue firing until enemy is out of range ! Give me a damage report . Tharsis ... The personal Kataphrakt of Orbital Knight Count Cruhteo . Later owned by Count Saazbaum and piloted by a knight under his command . The pilot 's name ... The orange Kataphrakt ... It 's a trainer . A trainer ? Yes , that boy prefers to only pilot trainers . That boy ? Yes . His name is ... Inaho Kaizuka ... So you 're alive . I 've found you , Slaine Troyard .
