 Claire : Previously ... They say I 'm a witch . Are you ? ( speaking other language ) Claire : I think I can save his life . I smell the vapors of hell on you . My poor jamie , trapped in a loveless marriage , Forced to share his bed with a cold english bitch . I have a lover . Is it anyone I know ? It 's dougal mackenzie . She 's carrying my child . Ye will leave this castle today . Ye 're exiling me . And that 's why they 'll accompany you . Jamie : I 'd advise ye to stay clear of geillis duncan . With arthur gone , There 'll be no one to protect her from her own reputation . A letter has arrived for you , madam , from the village . Geillis duncan , ye 're under arrest for witchcraft . Under whose orders ? Well , lookie here . The other sorceress . What on earth have I done ? You 'll hear all about it at the trial . ( door latches ) ( folk music playing ) ( both grunting ) ( groaning ) ( clanging ) Where the hell are we ? You heard the warden , The thieves ' hole . Is there anyone else in here ? ( thunder rumbling ) Earwigs . Hornie-gollachs . Rats the size of lyam-hounds . You only have yourself to blame for this . Are you saying this my fault ? I 'm the one that warned you to pack your belongings and flee . Just as the wardens arrived at my door . Perhaps it was you who sent them to me . It was laoghaire . She arranged the letter to tell me to go to your house . And she was there watching us as the wardens took us out . I kept your secrets , claire . You should have kept mine . Jeanie told me where to find you in the woods . If you didn 't want to add fuel to the rumors , Then you shouldn 't have made it common knowledge That were under the full moon Dancing naked and burning effigies . So you think I 'm a witch ? Of course not . You may not have killed dougal 's wife , But you definitely killed arthur . And it wasn 't witchcraft , it was old-fashioned poison . Am I wrong ? I started with white arsenic a few months ago . Thought it would kill arthur off Before the child began to show . And then you 'd be free to marry dougal . ( giggles ) It 's a boy , again . He 's kicking . Warden : Food for the witches . Wait . I need to talk to you . There 's been a mistake . Is that right ? I 'm claire fraser , from castle leoch . I 'm married to james fraser , nephew of the laird . And I 'm king arthur . ( footsteps retreating ) Surely king arthur was more appealing than that slimy paddock . ( thunder rumbling ) We won 't be here long . Dougal will come for us . No , he won 't . Yes , he will . Jamie said that dougal told colum All about your affair and the baby . Colum banished him , sent him to his wife 's funeral , And commanded that he stay away . And sent jamie with him . No one is coming , geillis . Share a bit of dinner ? I 'm not hungry . How long do they mean to keep us here ? Till the trial , of course . They 'll summon the examiners . Lie near me . You 'll be warmer . Crowd : ( chanting ) we 're going to burn the witches . We 're going to burn the witches . We 're going to burn the witches . It 's starting . I suppose getting burned as a witch Is better than freezing to death . Warden : Make way . Rise up . ( indistinct conversations ) I said , move up . Move ! Make way ! Is that what I think it is ? Well , it 's not a maypole , claire . Make way for the accused . Move ! ( crowd jeering ) Stating in evidence that the accused , One geillis duncan and one claire fraser , Both standing before the church 's court For the crime of witchcraft , Did inflict pain , Suffering and death upon the citizens of cranesmuir By their practice of the unholy arts . Claire : There were no familiar faces in the crowd . None of my friends from castle leoch . My knowledge of witch trails told me That the accused rarely walked free . ( door opening ) Ned : Make way . Make way , please . I demand to be let in to the proceedings . ( crowd murmuring ) And you are , sir ? My name is edward gowan , your honor . Lawyer , former writer to the signet , edinburgh . Let him pass . And what brings you here , sir ? Your honors , as we 're all aware , The witchcraft act of 1563 Was repealed by the house of lords in 1735 . I therefore submit that this entire trial is illegal . ( crowd clamoring ) This is an ad hoc proceeding , Under the administration of the church . Well , I see that we have dispensed with british law , Which pleases me greatly , But I am certain that you will not wish to dispense With our proud scottish legal tradition . We are still in scotland , are we not ? ( crowd agreeing ) No one 's disputing that , mr . Gowan . Yes , well , here in scotland , An accused witch is entitled to a defense lawyer at trial . ( crowd protesting ) A benefit sadly not offered to those in merry old England . As I therefore would like to offer my services In support of the accused . Oh , very well . Take your place . ( mouthing ) thank you . Let us now summon the first witness . Man : Jeanie hume . I labored as housekeeper for arthur and geillis duncan For nigh on five years , your honor . And did you have occasion to witness any strange Or unyirdlie goings-on during that tenure ? I can tell ye that it was many the woman that come to the door Seeking love charms , amulets , talismans and the like . ( crowd murmuring ) And mrs . Duncan was happy as hogmanay to dispense them . And did ye ever witness mrs . Fraser in league with mrs . Duncan ? Many times . In the fields , gathering herbs . And in the still room , meddling potions . ( crowd gasps ) Poor mr . Duncan knew naught of any of it . Claire : Jeanie was rigorous and detailed in her accusations . For the better part of an hour , She built a convincing case against us . It was dreadful what befell that dear , sweet man . On many occasion , I have heard mrs . Duncan Singing in the hall outside where mr . Duncan was sleeping . What kind of singing ? Ominous incantations , to be sure . ( scoffs ) It would send the kittlins running from the house . Animals have a nose for these things , ye ken . ( crowd agreeing ) They sense evil . So now we 're to take the testimony of a cat ? ( crowd laughing ) ( gavel pounding ) Kilgore : Mr. Gowan . Isn 't it the truth , mrs . Hume , That you were unhappy in your position At the duncan 's residence ? I was quite content there . Oh , so content that you inquired about a position at castle leoch , Seeing that you were underpaid and under-admired ? And where you referred to mr . Duncan , and I quote , As a " flatulent old scunner , " ( crowd laughing ) And his wife to be a " flibbertigibbet . " I don 't recollect those were my exact words . What we have here , your honors , is nothing more Than the grumblings of a malcontented maidservant . ( clears throat ) Take a seat . Man : Let us summon the next witness , robena donaldson . My man and I had an ailing child , Born healthy , But it turned puny and weak . We knew it was a fairy changeling . We placed it in the fairy 's seat on the hill And kept watch through the nicht , sirs , So as to recover our beloved bairn After the wee folk returned it . But ... But just before morn , we saw her . ( crowd gasps ) She took the child in her vile embrace , And spoke strange spells over it . When the sun rose , my good man and I went to see . And there we found the changeling child , Dead on the hill ... ( crowd gasps ) ... And no sign of our own wee bairn . It was her who done the wicked deed , sirs . I know it in my bones ! ( crowd exclaiming ) I was on that hill that night , but I didn 't harm your child ! I was trying to help him ! So you admit it . Man : Witch ! I am a healer ! ( crowd shouting ) I am a healer ! I could not abandon a dying child ! I was trying to save it ! Shh ! Do not further incriminate yourself . Let me do my job . ( shouting ceases ) you ... You have my deepest sympathy on the loss of yer beloved child . But may I ask , if ye were there , Why did you not stop this woman From interfering with the work of the fairies ? I ... I was afeared . So isn 't it true , then , that your fear and silence Allowed her to contaminate the bairn So that when the fairies came , They could not complete the switch ? At least ye can take comfort in knowing That it was the changeling child that died , And that your own child is healthy And living forever with the fairies . ( crowd murmuring ) Perhaps we should thank this woman , Instead of condemning her . Witness dismissed . Claire : Ned 's skill at turning an argument on its head Started to show promise , But as I looked around the room at these good people , I wondered what made them so ready to watch us burn . Regardless of the evidence , they only wanted one outcome . Call the next witness , alastair duffle . Have ye a charge to put to either of the women here ? Against geillis duncan , your honor . With my own eyes , I saw her standing on the battlements during a great storm . I saw her call down the lightning with a flick of her hand . ( crowd gasps ) Thunder roared as she laughed . Her eyes , red as flames , With a look in them that would steal the soul from a man . Then the wind rose up , Her cloak flapped open around her And she leapt into the sky and flew like a great-winged bird ! ( crowd exclaiming ) Aye ! Aye ! ( crowd clamoring ) ( gavel pounding ) Witch ! Please . This is preposterous ! The accused will be silent . ( clamoring ceases ) we shall reconvene in the morning . Ned . There 's grave danger afoot . What do you think of our prospects ? After today , I wager we stand a chance . Did colum send you to help me ? Oh , no . In fact , he would not look favorably upon me being here . Did he have something to do with my arrest ? Ned ? No , no . Here , take this usquebaugh , water of life . It 'll keep you warm tonight . Pass me that flask . He 's a queer fellow , isn 't he ? That ned gowan . ( chuckles ) Well , he certainly seems optimistic . Ye still don 't understand , do ye ? They mean to kill us . Drink tonight , claire , For tomorrow , our ashes will be scattered to the four winds . I am curious . Was it dougal you were after , or his position and money ? No , I had plenty of money . I knew where arthur kept the keys to his papers and notes . The man wrote a fair hand . 'twas easy enough to forge his signature . I managed to divert near on 1,000 pounds Over the last two years . You stole his money . Why ? For scotland . What do you mean , for scotland ? I dream of our bonnie prince charlie , A stuart king back on the throne . You 're a bloody jacobite . ( scoffs ) So it was politics that brought you and dougal together . ( whispers ) aye . He 's the only man I ever met who could be my proper match . You are aware that he 's not exactly the most faithful man . Do you think I mind ? He 's got an eye for the lasses . Colum fights for the mackenzies . Dougal fights for the mackinnons , the macphersons , The chisholms , the camerons . All of the clans . All of scotland . The man 's a lion . God . You actually love the bastard . Your words , not mine . So colum ordered him to go , ( whispers ) and off he went . So sorry , geillis . Don 't be . Don 't you dare . Come the rising , I shall know I helped . Whatever happens with the examiners , I would do it all again . I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country . Nicely put . Isn 't it just ? How about you ? Do ye love him ? Your ginger-haired laddie , jamie ? It 's his name you cry out in your sleep . ( birds chirping ) If you really are a witch , Now would be a perfect time to use your powers . Aye . Same to you , my friend . ( chuckles ) A starling . You can always find them amongst the more common birds . The plumage is iridescent . Looks like a silly crow to me . When I was a little girl , I used to go to brighton in November . They would all gather there , thousands of them . This massive flock . A murmuration , it was called . They 'd be swooping and twirling In this kind of hypnotic cloud , In perfectly synchronized patterns . What possesses them to do such a thing ? To protect each other from the falcons . Safety in numbers . Warden : Hitch the wagon . We 're hardly a flock , you and I. Warden : Clear the path ! Although , according to witnesses , I have been known to take wing . Rise up . Time to go . Step aside . Your hand , girl . Move . Come on . ( people shouting indistinctly ) Kilgore : From castle leoch , laoghaire mackenzie . Laoghaire : She was not mrs . Fraser when we first became acquaint . She was mistress beauchamp then . Watt : Go on . I came to her for a potion ... ( crowd gasps ) ... To open jamie fraser 's heart to my own . ( sniffles ) I 'm sorry , it 's painful to speak about ... I was the one , you see , who jamie was meant to marry , But she took the potion herself . ( crowd exclaims ) I don 't believe it . Did you concoct such a potion ? ( stammering ) It wasn 't an actual potion . I was just trying to help her . ( crowd speaking indistinctly ) She hexed jamie and turned him away from me . She stole him ! This is nonsense . I didn 't hex anybody . Silence . Clearly , she 's a jealous young lass with a broken heart . Aye . My heart was broken . And when I confronted her , she struck me . ( crowd exclaiming ) Did you in fact strike this woman ? She put an ill-wish under my bed . And then tried to seduce my husband ! He was the love of my life . ( crowd clamoring ) Burn the both of them ! Burn ! This girl is the reason that I 'm here at all . She fabricated a note from mrs . Duncan summoning me , Alls the while knowing That the wardens were coming to make an arrest . These crocodile tears are just further evidence That she 's trying to get me out of the way ... Cease your ramblings , mrs . Fraser ! You 're an embarrassment to yourself . ( clamoring ceases ) Let 's call the next witness . His reverence , father bain . Ye good folk of cranesmuir , I knew when I first set eyes on claire fraser That you had welcomed the whore of babylon into your midst . That you had allowed yourselves to be seduced From the path of righteousness By her beguiling sinfulness and wicked allurement ! Is this a trial or a sermon ? I fell to my knees And prayed for god to curse her malevolence And wreak his mighty vengeance upon her body and soul . ( crowd agreeing ) And god answered my prayers . He said to me , " you have made " a prodigious mistake . " When young tammas baxter was seized by beelzebub , I administered the last rites , I abandoned hope . Blinded by vanity , Hubris , I rebuked claire fraser . But it was she who determined The boy was ill from ingesting poison flora And claire fraser did what I could not , Saved the boy 's life . Blessed congregation , hear my confession . I failed tammas baxter , I failed you And I failed god . I 'm no longer worthy to serve the good and holy people Of this parish . ( voice breaking ) I beseech you . Let me go . Bear witness to her fiendish ploy . It would take satan himself to drive a man of god away ! ( crowd clamoring ) Witch ! Burn her ! I have done nothing . ( gavel pounding ) kilgore : Mrs. Fraser ! Father , This court forbids you to leave this parish . ( crowd clamoring ) After heedful consideration ... Your honors , a momentary recess . Briefly , mr . Gowan . Briefly . ( people clamoring ) Ned : Please , allow these ladies some privacy , please . I ask you quite thankfully ... Please . I 'm afraid the climate has turned , And there is no coming back from it . What do we do ? We save one of you . Neither one of us is a witch . It doesna matter what you are . It 's what people think you are . And people thought you were a witch Long before this english lass came into our midst . And let 's be frank , ye 've practiced yer murky trade for years . The only thing that ever stood between you and a pile of kindling Was your husband , and he 's dead . Are you my lawyer or my judge , mr . Gowan ? I 've tried , mrs . Duncan , But you 're beyond saving , and you ken it . What is it you 're saying , ned ? I 'm saying that if you claimed That geillis duncan bewitched you and renounce her ... Renounce her ? Mmm-hmm . State that she tricked you and drew you into her evil web . ( softly ) oh ! What if I don 't ? They 'll burn ye both . ( crowd clamoring distantly ) I 'll give ye a moment to think about it , But hasten , because this court awaits . Stay back ! Stay back ! This is just too much . No , wait . ( stammering ) There has to be another way . Why are you here ? What are you talking about ? I was arrested ... No , why are you here in scotland ? I was traveling from oxfordshire . No , you 're lying . You 've been lying all along . Dougal knew it . Colum knew it , too . That 's why he hasn 't lifted a finger to help you . You have no idea what you 're talking about . No more lies , claire ! If I 'm going to die , If I 'm going to burn as a witch , I need to know I 'm dying for something . So tell me now , and this time I want the truth . Why are you here ? They 're growing impatient . We need a moment . No , I don 't think they 're ... A moment ! It was an accident . I swear to you , geillis . I 'm not here for any reason . I came and it was an accident . By accident . So you don 't want to change things or Do anything at all , do you ? I just want to go home . I don 't even know if that 's possible . ( whispers ) nothing . It 's really all for nothing . Geillis , I ... I cannot delay the court any longer . What are you going to do ? Looks like I 'm going to a fucking barbecue . Uh , your honors , mrs . Fraser would like to address the court . Mr. Gowan is mistaken . I have nothing to say . Are you mad ? Maybe I am . Kilgore : We must rely on an injunction of the lord . " thou shalt not suffer a witch to live . " Thereby , we pronounce geillis duncan and claire fraser Guilty , And do hereby condemn them to death ! Burn the witch ! Burn them both ! ( all clamoring ) Burn the witch ! Burn her ! Conduct the prisoners to the pyre , if you please . The question you had before . Wait , you cannot do this ! I forbid this . I think it is possible . What ? No ! 1968 . ( gasps ) ( all clamoring ) Ned ! Ned ! This has nothing to do with witchcraft ! Condemn them ! You 're all murderers ! Your god will damn you all . You 're going to burn in hell ! You will not speak before this court in that manner , woman . Strip her and skelp her ! No ! Get off of me , you bastards ! Get your bloody hands off me , you bloody bastard ! I shall dance upon your ashes . ( cries out ) ( screams ) ( crowd cheering ) Harder ! ( door opening ) Claire ! Let her go ! ( grunts ) Sir . You have no place in the working of this court . I swore an oath before the altar of god To protect this woman ! And if you 're telling me you consider your authority to be Greater than that of the almighty , Then I must inform ye that I 'm not of that opinion myself . The first man forward will be the first man down . This woman is no witch . But I am . ( crowd gasps ) Geillis ! No ! I confess that I killed my husband , arthur duncan , By the means of witchcraft . I took advantage of the ignorance of claire fraser , Bewitching her for my purposes . She neither took part in , nor had knowledge of my dealings , Nor does she serve my master . See here ! I bear the mark of the devil ! ( all exclaiming ) Claire : What the villagers saw as evidence of evil Was actually the scar of a smallpox vaccination . And it hit me like a bolt of lightning . Geillis was from the future , from 1968 . Run ! Claire , come now ! I am the mistress of satan . I carry his child ! Burn her ! Geillis . I have lain with beelzebub in the darkest hours ! I have pledged my soul to him forevermore ! Silence ! No ! Cover the witch ! Cover her up ! I will have the child of satan . He will damn you all ! Cover her up ! Stop ! She 's with child ! ( people clamoring ) I 'm with child ! Jamie : We have to leave now , claire . We have to go . ( inhales sharply ) ( exclaims softly ) The cuts are not deep . I think you 'll not be marked . Claire , I know there are things ye do not wish to tell me . But I have one thing to ask ye . Honesty . When you do tell me something , let it be the truth . And I 'll promise you the same . I agree . Then there 's one thing I must ask you , For your own safety as well as mine . ( whispers ) are you a witch ? Are you serious ? I 've often seen that scar on your arm and thought nothing of it . Until I saw the same on geillis duncan today . She called it the devil 's mark . So ... I 'm not a witch . After you hear the truth , then maybe you 'll think otherwise . I 've never had smallpox . But I can walk through a room of dying men and never catch it . I can nurse the sick , but their sickness cannot touch me . This mark is called a vaccine . And you 've never heard of it . No one here has . But it prevents me from contracting the disease . I know about jack randall because I was told about him . I know the day he was born , and I know the day he will die , And I know that he works for the duke of sandringham Because my husband told me about it . I know about the bonnie prince , The jacobites and their doomed cause . I know what 's going to happen to the scots . I know all of this because ... ( whispers ) because ... I 'm from the future . I was born on October the 20th in the year 1918 . That 's 200 years from now . Do you hear me ? Do you hear me ? I hear you . You think I 'm raving mad , don 't you ? No . No , I believe you , sassenach . So . I dinna understand it a bit , not yet . But I trust you . I trust your word , your heart . And I trust there is a truth between us . And so , whatever ye tell me , I will believe you . Can you tell me more ? I was a combat nurse in the british army . Before we left the church , she said to me , " 1968 . " I told him everything . The whole story , it came pouring out of me Like a cataract of water over a broken dam . Tell me again about the stones . Claire : I didn 't realize how badly I needed to tell someone , Anyone , until that moment . The scots never had a chance . He listened . Thousands were killed at culloden . He didn 't understand it all , but he listened . So , I left you in the glade and went to meet horrocks And you ran away . You were trying to get back . Back to the stones . And back To your husband . Yes . And I beat you for it . I 'm so very , very sorry . Don 't ... You couldn 't have known . ( sniffles ) ( shushing ) ( speaking other language ) ( sniffles ) rest now . No one will harm ye . I 'm here . Do you really believe me ? ( whispers ) aye . I believe you , sassenach . Although it would have been a good deal easier If you 'd only been a witch . ( shushing ) ( speaking other language ) Claire : Over the next several days , we rode hard . We were both determined To leave the castle and the trial far behind us , Hopeful the distance would overshadow The questions that remained unanswered . Jamie : And from the main house ... Claire : Jamie spoke repeatedly of lallybroch , Detailing the life we 'd have together , The life he 'd always imagined . I tried to listen . I tried to invest in lallybroch as my home . I tried to imagine a life for us both , But I felt adrift , anchorless in a running sea . ( moaning ) I want you inside me . No . No , mo nighean donn . I want to watch you . ( moaning ) So , Sassenach , Are ye ready to go home ? Yes . Take a look . It 's what you wanted . Aye ? What you 've always wanted . To go home . Yes . It 's your place . This is it . Is this the one ? Yes . So , What did you do last time ? I really didn 't do anything . ( wind whooshing ) I heard this buzzing sound , And I just touched the stone . ( rumbling ) Claire . I 'm sorry , lass . I stopped ye . I shouldna have done so . I just wasna ready . I know . Well , there 's no use in waiting . I must part with ye now . That 's why we 're here . It 's your own time on the other side of that stone . You 've a home there , a place . The things you 're used to . And frank . Frank . There 's nothing for you on this side . Nothing , save violence and danger . Now go . I 'll stay at the camp until nightfall To make sure that you 're safe . Goodbye , sassenach . Jamie ! ( whispers ) goodbye . ( wind whooshing ) ( rumbling ) Claire : On your feet , soldier . Take me home to lallybroch .
