 Claire : Previously ... Yer ring . The key to lallybroch . So ye 'd know the place was as much yours as mine . Jamie : It was one day in October , Captain randall came along to our place . Now , let my sister be . Your sister ? ( fabric rips ) no ! The duke of sandringham has arrived . I look forward to helping your husband To restore his good name . Jamie : This is my first real opportunity to gain a pardon . Take my rightful place as laird of broch tuarach . I was born on October the 20th in the year 1918 . That 's 200 years from now . I 'm from the future . It 's what you wanted . To go home . Take me home to lallybroch . ( folk music playing ) ( theme music continues ) And they just stay aloft , like birds ? ( snickers ) well , no . Airplane wings are stationary . They don 't flap . And you 've ridden in one . Yes , several times . I love flying . Jamie : How high can ye fly ? Claire : Well , I don 't know exactly . Thousands of feet in the air , certainly . What ? Thousands of feet ? Must have god 's own view of the world from that height . It 's amazing . Especially the first time you go up . I mean , everything you can see on the ground , It just falls away , until it disappears . Hold old are you , sassenach ? I never thought to ask . I 'm 27 . Oh . I always thought you were about my age or younger . Are you disappointed ? No . ( clicks tongue ) Ah , it 's just that when I 'm 40 , You 'll be 245 . ( both chuckle ) I think your calculations are a little off . ( speaking other language ) There it is . Lallybroch . It 's like you always said it was . Aye . ( groaning ) ( sobs ) Come . Come . ( clicks tongue ) Claire : It 's behind you now , jamie . It 's in the past . There were rumors . Dougal told me afterward That randall had got jenny with a bastard child . It 's rumors . Aye . ( cracks ) Randall : You care to see more ? Or would you rather go into the house and offer me better entertainment ? Claire : Hello . Hi , my name 's claire . ( chuckles ) Are you playing with the apples ? ( giggles ) What 's your name ? Jamie ? Jenny . ( gasps excitedly ) ( boy murmurs in background ) Four years and no word ? This is my wee jamie . This is your uncle , mo chridhe , the one you 're named after . Why ? Why would you name him after me ? What 's wrong , a-graidh ? Are you ill ? Do you not think I 've suffered enough for what I let happen that Ye must name randall 's bastard after me , To be a reproach as long as I live ? Randall 's bastard ? Jack randall , ye mean ? The redcoat captain ? Go find mrs . Crook , my wee lamb . Correct me , brother , if I 'm wrong , But I have a strong impression you 're saying that I played the whore to captain randall ? I 'd rather I was dead in my grave Than see my sister brought to such ... And whose is this one ? To have you ruin yourself for me was shame enough , but ... Another one with no father to give him a name ? We shouldn 't have come . Jamie , perhaps we should all go inside ... Tell that trollop to keep her neb out of my business . She 's my wife and you 'll speak of her with respect . Jamie , please . Do I have to do what I did when we were bairns ? Grab ye by the bollocks To make ye stand still and listen to me ? Are you now trying to shame me in front of my own wife ? Well , if she 's your wife , I imagine she 's more familiar with your balls than I am . Don 't test me , brother . Last I saw you , Bloodied and broken , Strung up by yer wrists in that archway And then leaving me to think ye 're dead Or certain never to return again . And this is how ye come home . Whose child is the boy ? Mine . And that one , too . Ian ? Your brother-in-law . Ian : It 's good to see ye , jamie . Ye always knew how to make an entrance . We thought you were dead Until we received your chest from castle leoch . And this would be ... The trollop . Otherwise known as claire fraser . Jenny , I 'm ... A damned fool , And not a day wiser in four years . Ian : Ye drink whiskey ? Claire : I 've been known to have a glass or two . Today , I 'm thinking we 'll be taking more than that , claire . Thank you , ian . Cheers . ( speaking other language ) ( grunts ) What happened with randall ? I want to know . I need to know . Then I 'll tell ye . Once . And never again . Uhh ! After he felled you ... Take my hand . Take my hand . Jenny : I went with him into the house . He took me up the stairs . He was talking the whole way up . I didn 't hear a word he said . My mind was racing with what to do . I was just trying to keep my wits . He led me into the bedroom . ( sniffs ) ( exhales ) ( gags ) Shh . Um . Look at me . Ugh ! ( groans ) ( crying ) Jenny : He threw me on the bed And then he stood there for a minute , Rubbing himself . I hadn 't been with a man then , But I ken now that he was trying to ... Make himself ready . ( laughing ) Turn around . ( laughing ) I don 't know why . It was the only thing that came to my mind to do . But he didn 't like it When I laughed and I could see that , So I laughed some more . ( laughing ) I said turn around , you scottish cunt . ( thud ) Jenny : When I woke up , he was gone . And that 's the last I saw of captain randall . Ye satisfied ? Ye see , you were wrong And I 'm expecting an apology . Well , have I not said as much ? No , you haven 't . She 's right . She deserves an apology . This is between my brother and me . I was just suggesting that he ... Can I see you in private for a moment ? Excuse us . I 'm your husband . You mustn 't embarrass me In front of my family and the servants . You 're doing a fine enough job of that yourself . And you 've a sharp tongue , claire . But there 's a time and a place for it . And I suppose you 'll be the judge of that ? I need you to trust me here . This is my family , my land ... My time . I 'm laird . And you are my lady . We should both conduct ourselves as such . I 'm not the meek and obedient type . I don 't think anyone would ever make that mistake , sassenach . But then , I don 't think anyone would ever Say the same of colum 's wife , either . Letitia ? Aye . Strong woman . Respected . Feared even . But she never crossed her husband 's word in public . Now , behind closed doors ... Well , let 's just say My uncle dodged his share of crockery in his time . Be careful , my laird . I have a much better throwing arm than the fair letitia . So , whereabouts are ye from , claire ? Oxfordshire , originally . But I suppose this is now my home . Ye 're planning on staying , then ? Aye . Aye , we are . What about the price on yer head ? I 'm expecting a pardon with the aid of the duke of sandringham . It hasn 't come through yet , but we 're hoping it will soon . Never thought you 'd be so trusting of the english . Perhaps I could trouble you for some warm water to wash ? Been a difficult few days . And you mentioned a chest from leoch ? Ian : Aye . It came from a woman called mrs . Fitzgibbons . It 's upstairs in the spare room . Well , since the laird 's staying , He should have the main bedchamber . Move our things to the north room . No , I wouldn 't dream of putting you out of your room . Well ... Seeing as it 's the laird 's room , after all , I 'll get the keys . ( jamie grunting ) ( thuds ) ( speaking other language ) You missed the whirlwind . The what ? The servants . They tore through here like dervishes . I 'd barely turned my back , And they 'd cleared away all of jenny and ian 's things . It 's almost exactly how I remember it . My father always had a book over there Open at the page he was reading . Hmm . And he used to put his boots here . Hmm . And he used to keep his ... Keep his ... ( clunk ) ah ... His blade . Oh , it 's beautiful . It 's viking , I think . Aye . Five-lobed pommel . Tenth century . I told you , I was raised by an archeologist . I recognize the patterns on the hilt . It 's a fine example . I 'd hardly tiptoe in here as a boy , So sacred was the laird 's room . But I 'd slip in when he was out at the fields Just to hold it for a few moments . Dream of the day it would be mine . It is yours now , jamie . Ours . Ours . And my father , He built this place , ye ken . His blood and sweat are in this stone . This land . And now his bones are as well . They buried him out in the graveyard Next to my mother and my brother , willie . When was the last time you saw your father ? It was at fort william , a week after I 'd been flogged the first time . Jamie . Father . What are you doing here ? Having a word with captain randall . Trying to see if we can get ye out . I 'm sorry for the whole damn mess . You left me in charge , and now jenny 's ... What has happened is not yer fault . I know you were flogged . I 'll be all right . Captain randall is waiting . No . This is my son . Have ye no compassion ? Remember to pray . And I 'll stand by ye , no matter what happens . Ye 're a braw lad , son . ( grunts ) I just met your father . He 's worried about you . I 'm afraid he was disappointed when I told him Your charges are of such a serious nature That you cannot be bonded without A written clearance from the duke of argyll . ( clears throat ) The thing is ... Even if he does succeed in getting such a clearance , Which I doubt , It would be impossible for him to make it back in time . So ... It 's a shame that you and I have got off to such a poor start . Only a week before , He 'd had me flogged near to death . Didn 't understand , I couldna imagine what he was talking about now . And he bandied words around for a while . He likes to do that . Likes to play with his toys . But in the end , he was quite blunt about what he really wanted . Which was what ? Me . It 's quite simple . Give over to me , Make free of your body , And there will be no second flogging . And if not ... ( clears throat ) Well ... ( gasps ) The first stripes were still raw on my back . I could scarce bear my shirt And I felt dizzy every time I stood up . The thought of ... Of going through it all again ... Being bound , helpless , Waiting for the next lash ... I had no real idea , of course , but ... I thought being buggered would be less painful . And be over quicker , most likely . And he said I 'd be set free the same day , so ... So ... I considered it . But ... I could still feel my father 's kiss on my cheek . And thought what he would think of me ... Not the buggery , he 'd not give that a thought or care , but ... For giving in . For letting that man break me . So , I couldn 't do it . ( groans ) Dougal was there , at the flogging . My father , too , though I didn 't know it at the time . I fell halfway through . He thought I was dead . Dougal said he let out a small sound , And dropped liked a rock . ( gags ) And didn 't get up again . I didn 't see it . Didn 't see him die . Didn 't see him taken away . Didn 't see him buried . Never even seen his grave . Even if you had given in to randall , Do you really think it would have made any difference ? And don 't you think he would have Still had you dragged out into that yard and flogged you Just for the sick pleasure it gave him ? I 'll never know . ( knocking ) Jenny : How long does it take a person to dress ? Supper 's not going to keep . ( sighs ) We should get cleaned up . Have you ever run a house before ? No . Ian : Very good . Jamie : Aye . Then ye 'll have a lot to learn about keeping up a place like this . I would imagine . It sounds quite challenging . But I 'm a quick study . Ye 'll get your chance . Quarter day is tomorrow . Aye . What is that ? Ah , well ... It 's , like , when we collected the rents for the mackenzies . But here , the tenants come to us to pay . And sorely needed , this quarter . We 've had poor harvests two years running . We 're piling debt upon debt . Ah , we can talk about finances later . Tomorrow will be a time for celebrating the laird 's return . Sounds very public . Isn 't that risky ? At least until your pardon comes through ? No . Our tenants are like family . Not a man , woman or child Would think about betraying jamie to the redcoats . At any price . Of course . That 's good to hear . I 'll take a look at the ledgers After we 've eaten . Aye . Thought you 'd want to visit father 's grave . Aye . Tomorrow . If he were alive , he 'd expect a visit this evening . If he were alive , He 'd expect me to go over the ledgers and prepare for quarter day . Suit yerself then . Stuffed cabbage , claire ? No , thank you . Fine . ( indistinct talking ) Hello . We 're right pleased to have ye back , my laird . We hope you both bide at home for a good long while now . As do we , robert . Thank you . I brought this small gift for you , milady . How lovely , thank you . It looks delicious . Woman : I brought these for you , milady . Thank you so much . You 're welcome . They 're beautiful . How are ye ? Good to see ye . Ian : Jamie ? Should we get started ? Aye . Hello . ( indistinct ) I think it 's a boy . ( all laughing ) ( jamie laughing ) Make yourself at home . Aye . Good to see ye . ( speaking other language ) Woman : So , you think it 's a boy ? Yeah , I think so . ( speaking other language ) Duncan . Married now ? Aye , my laird . Duncan , this is but half of what ye owe . Apologies , but we lost one of our cows to sickness two months ago . Well , ye can settle up next quarter , When I 'm certain things will be better . I appreciate yer understanding and mercy . Not mercy at all . Yer father was a good man , Farmed this land when I was but a bairn . Give me that . I 'll not squeeze the last penny from you when times are hard . That was my father 's view , mine as well . ( shouting in other language ) Thank ye , my laird . Thank ye kindly . All right , who 's next ? ( speaking other language ) ( indistinct talking ) It 's so pretty . The lavender 's great . I 'd like to make an oil from it . You put it on your wrists at night , like this . ( indistinct talking continues ) Cheers , boys . Ugh ! Oi . You put that back , you cheeky wee bastard ! Excuse me . I don 't believe we 've met . Claire fraser . Lady broch tuarach . I ken fine who ye are . I told ye there 'd be none for you . There are plenty of bannocks . They said he 'd gone and married a sassenach . That 's correct . Can I be of some assistance ? Boy 's just got to learn to do what he 's told . Maybe I can take him off your hands for a few minutes . What for ? So you can enjoy yourself without having to watch him . Join your friends . Just don 't be filling his head with any of that english claptrap . And you , behave . It 's all right . Maybe we should go into the kitchen . Find you something to eat , okay ? Ooh . Ah . We can find you something tastier than bannocks . What have we here , then ? Jenny ... His father was being very rough with him . Is your back sore ? We should get him cleaned up and something tasty to eat . Who did that ? Not for you to worry about . Mrs. Crook will get you a wee bite . It was his father . I saw him beat him outside . Macnab ? I remember him . Excuse me , mistress . M 'laird , will ye take a drink with me ? Aye . Shouldn 't we do something about it ? Jamie ? Man : Goodnight , my laird . Don 't ye worry about me . ( groans ) ( sighs ) I 've seen elephants sit down with less impact . ( speaking other language ) English , please . Sassenach . Now ye 're a scot , ye should work on yer gaelic . Where have you been ? Out with macnab . ( grunts ) I tried to reason with him , but in the end , I had to show him the difference between abuse and discipline . With these . Then I said to him , " ronald , if I ever see any evidence of you harming your wee laddie , " you 'll have to answer to laird broch tuarach . " That 's me . Yes , I know . Jamie , you reek . You 've actually seen an elephant ? Yes . Rode one , too . Oh . ( chuckles ) ( grunts ) Ye 'll have to tell me all about it . ( snores faintly ) Mmm . Hair of the dog ? I think I may need the whole hound . ( door opens ) Ian tells me ye didna collect the rents yesterday . It 's been a hard year , as ye said yerself . As laird , I decided to give my tenants some ease . And how easy do ye suppose yer tenants will be When the whole estate goes under because we canna make ends meet ? Perhaps we should postpone this until he 's feeling a little ... And ye 've saddled us with another mouth to feed . What 're ye on about , jenny ? Rabbie macnab 's father threw him out thanks to you . He said if jamie fraser thinks he can be a better father , He can damn well pay for his upkeep . Jenny , he was only trying to help the boy out . Clean clothes and bannocks Aren 't going to stop the boy from being beaten . Do you think life just started When the two of you walked through that door ? Rabbie 's granny and I were working on ronald 's sister to take the boy . Did ye not even consider talkin ' to me Before ye pulled our yer fists ? Do ye think that 's how father would 've handled things ? I am the laird of this estate now . And I do not need to discuss The running of it with my sister . ( scoffs ) Begging yer pardon , laird broch tuarach . Mrs. Crook . Yes , my laird ? This bread tastes like it was made with pebbles . The mill 's not working properly . We had to grind the flour by hand . What 's being done about it ? The mistress , or mrs . Murray , Had me send for davy mcandrews To fix the mill . I 'll deal with it myself . ( door closes ) ( speaking other language ) How 's it looking ? It 'd be a damn sight better if the wheel were turning . There must be something stuck under the sluice . I 'm gonna have to go down , See if I can pry it loose . What ? But , jamie ... You 'll freeze to death . Most likely . At least ye 'll be able to serve decent bannocks at my wake . Oh ! Cack ! Mrs. Crook told me the stupid fool had come up here . Jenny , you shouldn 't be chasing around in your condition . There was no need for you to come after us . Aye , there was . Keep silent . We don 't want them to know you 're english . Good morrow , ladies . Good morrow . If ye 're stopping for a bag of meal , I 'm afraid ye 'll be disappointed . The mill wheel 's not working just now . Perhaps next time ye come this way ? Well ... What 's amiss , then ? Ye should call yer master back . He shouldna meddle in things he doesna understand . You 've no cause for worry , missus . The corporal 's father has a wheat mill in hampshire . What he doesn 't know about waterwheels would fit in a shoe . ( muffled ) no help for it . I 'll have to go under and see what 's holding it . Look at that . I wonder what was stuck in it . Hey . A perfectly good shirt . How on the earth did that get stuck into the mill ? It 's scotland , sir . Ladies . Thank ye kindly , sir . Hiyah ! Jamie ! ( speaking other language ) Blessed michael , defend us ! What the hell were you doing ? Have you not grown up a bit ? Jenny , will ye please turn around while I try to get out ? Before my cock snaps off . What the hell was she doing here ? Heard about the redcoat patrol . She was just trying to warn you . Ian : So you 're a night owl , are ye ? Yes , I suppose I am . Jenny 's up with the lark , But I 've always been an owl myself . Is this jenny ? Aye . Those were her birds . Any time one was found with a lame leg or a broken wing , She 'd have it healed and eating from her hand . Surprised she has a gentle side ? No , of course not . Perhaps a little . She 's a fraser . Their hearts are as big and soft as their heads are thick and strong . It was jenny who took care of me After I returned from France with a stump of wood . Jamie told me you lost it While the both of you were fighting in France . It doesn 't slow me down much . It aches a wee bit towards the end of the day . Have you tried guelder rose or water pepper ? I 've not tried the water pepper , no . Well , I 'd be happy to make some for you . Thank you . Jamie said you were a healer . You 've seen mangled men before ? Yes , many , unfortunately . Jamie hadn 't . It shocked him to see me like this at first . He tried to hide it , but I knew . No matter . He brought me back to scotland . And jenny made me whole again . Is that why you married her ? ( chuckles ) Ye think I had any choice in the matter ? She came up to me out in the field one day , While I was mending a fence . I was covered with muck , And her , standing there like a bush covered with butterflies . She says , well , I dinna ken exactly what she said , but ... It ended with her kissing me , and saying , " fine , we 'll be married on st . Martin 's day . " And I was still explaining to her why we couldna do any such thing When I found myself in front of a priest saying , " I take thee , janet . " ( chuckles ) She 's an extraordinary woman , isn 't she ? Aye . When she 's not being an outright Stubborn-headed , pain-in-the-arse mule . Frasers . Once they 've dug their heels in , there 's no budging them , And ye don 't want to get between them when their danders are up . How do you manage ? Well , Ye can tug on their rope Or give them a wee kick in their backside . And they might move , Or ye might get bit for yer trouble . And then what ? Kick them harder . ( groans ) Good . Now I have your attention . And you 're going to listen to me . I did not marry the laird of lallybroch . I married jamie , but I haven 't seen much of him Since we walked through the gates of this place . That 's who I am , now that ... I am speaking , And you can talk when I 'm finished . Your father 's dead , jamie . But if he were here , I wager he 'd give you a thrashing For the way you 've been acting . You 're trying to be someone you 're not . And in the process , You 're wrecking the family that you do have left . And if you 're not careful , You 're going to lose them , too . ( exhales ) Jenny . You gave me a start . Thought it was a ghost for a minute , did ye ? Jamie , I ... Jenny , I ... Let me speak first , please . That 's the rent from the tenants . And I thought perhaps I could speak to rabble 's aunt , so ... Even if she had taken him in , I don 't think it would have lasted . She 's a frachety woman with too many bairns as it is . This is a better place for him . Father would have thought so , too . Aye . I was wrong not to consult ye , and I 'm sorry for it . Truly . I hope to do it different in future . I 'm the one who 's wronged you and I 'm so ashamed . Of what ? Ever since father died , A small , dark part of me has blamed you for his death . When they told me what happened at fort william , That randall flogged ye himself And that seeing that is what killed father , I thought ye must have done something to bring it upon yerself . Shot yer mouth off Or acted without thinking of the consequences , As ye have done all yer life . But then out at the mill pond , When I saw the scars on yer back , Scars made by a lash laid down with such fury ... Dinna fash yerself about it anymore . It was me . It 's my fault that randall beat you so . You dinna ken what you 're saying . But I do . That day ... That day when randall came here , When he took me upstairs , If I hadn 't mocked him that way , If I 'd given him what he wanted , He wouldn 't have treated you like he did . And then father ... Cry not . Don 't . ( sobbing ) I did anger randall at fort william , And I 've spent the past four years of my life blaming myself For father 's death because of it . But now ye know better ? Aye . ( chuckles ) Aye . I do . I know it 's not yer fault . Nor mine either . There 's a devil in that man that no one can influence . The only one responsible for putting father in his grave Is jack randall . Aye ? It does trouble me , though , Knowing ye went with him to save me , Knowing he might harm ye . I would have gladly died to spare you . And if yer life is a suitable exchange for my honor , Tell me why my honor is not a suitable exchange for yer life . Or are ye telling me that I may not love ye as much as you love me ? Because if ye are , jamie fraser , I 'll tell you right now it 's not true . No . Welcome home , Laird broch tuarach . Come . You said " broch tuarach " means " north-facing tower . " Aye . Well , it 's round , it doesn 't have a face . Well ... The door faces north . ( chuckles ) Frasers . I 'm beginning to feel like ... Like I ... Like I actually belong here . I knew ye belonged here , with me , Almost since the first time I laid eyes on ye . That 's one of the reasons I agreed to marry you . Though not the main one . Then what was the main one ? ( chuckles ) Because I wanted you more than I ever wanted anything in my life . Right from that moment I fell off the horse And woke up in the dark looking up at your face . Then there was that long ride together with that Lovely round arse wedged tight between my thighs , And that rock-solid head thumping me in the chest . That 's why you agreed to marry me , Because of my round arse and my rock-solid head ? Mm . I wanted ye from the first moment I saw ye . But ... I loved ye When ye wept in my arms that first night at leoch . But now I ... I wake up every day , and I find that I love you more than I did the day before . I love you . Man : Keep calm now , lad . With what right did you come to this house without ... ( trigger cocks ) I 've heard enough from the likes of you . Now you stay silent as a lamb , my friend ... Or this lovely lass is gonna be scrubbing yer brains off the floor .
