 Claire : Previously ... Horrocks : It 's the watch . Men you pay to protect your cattle . Otherwise , they 'll steal them themselves . Where 's jamie ? The watch would turn him over in a minute If they thought there was profit involved . There 's a chance to get the price lifted from my head . There 's a witness who can prove my innocence . A redcoat deserter . Horrocks ? The man who shot the sergeant was captain jonathan randall himself . I canna use randall 's name to clear my own . You bargained for a name . A name is what you received . Jenny : Word filtered out that the laird of lallybroch Had returned with his new bride . Well , since the laird 's staying , He should have the main bedchamber . No , I wouldn 't dream of putting you out of your room . Seeing as it 's the laird 's room , after all . Now you stay silent as a lamb , my friend ... Or this lovely lass is gonna be scrubbing yer brains off the floor . ( folk music playing ) I hope you kept yer powder dry . Misfire , And I 'll ram that pistol down yer gullet . Well , there 's only one way to find out . Taran , put yer gun down . I 've found a scoundrel in here , jenny . He 's lucky I 've got a steady hand , Or he 'd have a ball in his brain by now . That 's no scoundrel , you fool . That 's my cousin . Jamie . Jamie mactavish . Cousin , you say ? ( chuckles ) My pardon to you . You 'll understand my caution . I 've never laid eyes on you , mactavish . Jamie came for a visit . Walked in one fine day without warning , And with a wife on his arm . Jenny and ian didn 't know we were married . We surprised them . A sassenach ? For a bride ? Nearly put a gun to his head myself when I heard . But we 've come to know claire . She 's a decent woman . We don 't mind her english-ness so much . Pleased to make yer acquaintance , mistress . I 'm taran macquarrie . You 'll excuse my confusion . I thought yer husband was intending to rob the place . ( chuckles ) no , taran , we like to leave the robbing to you . ( chuckles ) ( footsteps approaching ) ( chuckles ) Macquarrie . We dinna expect you till next month . Macquarrie : Aye , that was the plan . But I was pining for jenny 's rabbit stew . Uh ... I took that sword of yours to the smithy . Had the nicks ground off the blade , And polished off the rust with a bit of whale oil . You needn 't have troubled yerself . It was no trouble . Looks better than new . Aye . ( speaking other language ) You 're welcome . So , my stomach 's rumbling like thunder . Jenny , how about you put some supper on the fire ? You know yer way to the dining room , lads . Macquarrie : I do indeed . Macquarrie 's come . Let 's get supper ready . Are you daft , sister ? Welcoming the watch into our home . Agh , hold yer tongue . It 's not like we had a choice , now , is it ? Ian : It 's only for a couple of days . Macquarrie 's a decent fellow . And you fixed his sword for him . Maybe you 'd like to polish his boots as well . I did the man a favor , that 's all . They 're criminals , out to line their own pockets . Ian : The money we pay is for protection From the redcoats and other raiding clans . They look out for us , jamie , and our tenants . And what about the price on my head ? If the watch knew , they 'd turn me over to the redcoats in a heartbeat . That 's why we 're going to fill their bellies , Give them a place to sleep , And you , cousin , are going to keep yer wits about you Until they 've moved on . How often do these men come around ? Every few months for nigh on two years now . I never would have agreed to this . But you weren 't here , now , were you , jamie mactavish ? Keep your voices down . Do you want them to hear you ? ( indistinct conversations ) Jamie . You think it hasn 't taken its toll on jenny and me ? Well , it has . But it was our burden to bear . If you 've got a better idea , let 's hear it . ( grunts ) Jenny ? Breathe , relax . Here , let 's get you a seat . Is it the bairn ? Aye . Kicks like a mule on fire . Claire : Just listen to your sister . Tread lightly and don 't provoke them . Oh , burns like a torch going down , aye ? As long as it wets my thrapple . Aye , jenny hides the good stuff away when we come , Along with ian 's fine tobacco . Do you blame me ? ( laughing ) Macquarrie : You 're a quiet one . Where are you from , mactavish ? Na h-innse gall . Aye , you don 't sound like an islander . Well , jamie spent time in France Fighting with the french army with ian . Perhaps that 's what 's influenced his accent . Macquarrie : Did you , now ? I did some soldiering myself with the french in austria . Were you posted in Spain with ian ? Aye . Aye , the border mostly . We got separated during a battle . I thought he 'd died on the field . Hmm . That was silesia in ' 40 . ( chuckles ) He spent the next three weeks convalescing in a brothel . ( ian laughing ) In a hospital . Thank you , mr . Mactavish . ( laughing ) Now , I was in silesia in ' 42 when they stormed prague . We took that fortress before francis stephen knew what hit him . ( speaking in french ) " never be taken alive . " How daring . There 's nothing like charging into the guns after that first volley Before the enemies get a chance to reload . Aye . And a sword to the head puts a good end to the second . So you 're an old colleague . Curious . 'cause I 've traded a lot of army tales with ian , And he 's never mentioned you . I 'm sure I must have . No . I 'm sure you didn 't . If you two weren 't so deep into the drink , I 'm sure you 'd remember . Here 's to a long life and a merry one , A quick death and an easy one , A pretty girl and an honest one , A stiff whiskey and another one . Aye . ( speaking other language ) How long are you staying ? A few days . I have a few more men arriving tomorrow . We are planning something big . I 'll tell you about it afterward if you 're interested . In the meantime , one of my horses has turned up lame . Needs shoeing . I 'll need to see the smithy in the morning . Aye . I 'll take a look at him for you . I 'm good with horses . Macquarrie : Aye . And we wouldn 't want anything to keep you from yer travels . I 'll take you up on yer offer . Our compliments to the cook . But if I take another bite , I 'll be sleeping in the mud pen with the swine . ( laughter ) There are extra blankets for you in the south cottage , And fresh hay . ( laughing ) I see you helped yerself to ian 's tobacco . Fine tobacco it is . Too fine for the likes of you . Jamie : Yeah , shh . Rabbie , pass me the pincers , a bhalaich . ( speaking other language ) ( jamie grunts ) An abscess . No wonder he turned up lame . When was the last time you had him shod ? Just get it mended . ( soft grunt ) ( speaking other language ) Fire ! ( speaking other language ) Fire ! ( laughter ) I 'll pish on it for you . Lennox : Fire ! Fire ! Aye . More . Lennox : Fire ! ( laughter ) This family 's taken you in , Given you food , shelter . You might want to show some gratitude . And you might want to remember who has the pistol here . ( chuckles ) ( grunts ) Macquarrie : Stand down ! Stand down ! All of you . Go on , get out of here . Go on ! My apologies for the stramash . They 're good lads . They 're just a wee bit coarse . And they dinna have the army like we did , aye . I 'm trying to school them . Good luck to you . You know , I could use a man like you . Not just a bonnie fighter , a warrior . I 've done enough fighting in my life . I 'm settled now . You let me know if you change yer mind . ( dogs barking ) Bhrain ! Lucais ! ( dogs continue barking ) ( speaking other language ) Macquarrie : It 's about time . I was beginning to think you weren 't gonna grace us With your presence , mr . Horrocks . You two lads know each other ? I thought so . But you tom-faced scots all look the same to me . Macquarrie : Let 's get a drink . Claire : But he knows there 's a price on your head . Aye . Traitor to the british . He 's got no problem robbing and killing scots . He won 't stay quiet for long . Why would he stay quiet at all ? Surely there must be something he wants . Lallybroch was the one place I thought we 'd be safe . I should never have come home . Don 't say that . Whatever happens , we 'll handle it . No matter the cost . Horrocks : Now , you see here ? The chisholm land borders the fraser 's land to the west , And the chisholm rent party will be traveling through this pass tomorrow . Our best shot 's lochaber bridge . A day 's ride . We take them just after they cross under the bridge . That 's a fine spot for an ambush . And they 'll be flush , you say ? Aye . Their sacks will be the fullest with coin and goods . After this , we 've got the mending . You any good with a needle ? Well , I 've stitched more wounds than clothes , But I 'll give it a whirl . Oh . ( laughs ) Jamie , have you no sense ? Look what you 've done to your auntie 's skirt . It 's all right . I don 't mind . Well , I mind . Mrs. Crook . I 'll take him back to the house for a bit of bread and honey . ( laughing ) Be nice to get some chores done without a bairn under my feet . Some days I can scarce go to the privy alone . But soon he 'll have a wee brother to play with . ( chuckles ) How do you know it 's not a sister ? Well , I 've had no morning sickness and a taste for salty food , And I 'm carrying low , same as wee jamie . It 's a boy , all right . You have siblings ? No , I 'm an only child . Well , it 's good for a man to have a brother . Jamie was only eight when we lost willie to smallpox . He said ian 's been like a brother to him . Aye , he is . The two of them were like one after willie died , Especially in a fight . Old john , ian 's father , Used to tell ian his job was to guard his chief 's weaker side . And he did . When jamie and ian stood shoulder to shoulder , There was no one who could take the pair of them down . ( gasps ) Jenny . What 's wrong ? My waters have broken . ( breathing heavily ) Looks like this laddie 's on his way . All right . Let 's get you inside . Jenny , it feels to me that this baby is breech . Well . ( sighs ) He 's in the wrong position . The head should be down here , but it 's still up here . He 's a footling , then ? Yes , I suppose . We 're going to have to turn him . I 'm going to need you to lie on your side , And then I 'll have to palpate the belly . Here . You know about babies and such , then ? I 've seen childbirth . You 've not yet been with child yourself , then ? No , I haven 't . Grannie macnab says Ye should drink a tea of raspberry leaves and rosehips When the moon is waxing . ( sighs ) That and a bit of lady 's mantle with a raw egg beaten up in it . ( sighs ) It 's not working , is it ? No , it isn 't . He 's determined to land on his feet . He 's a stubborn one . Definitely has fraser in him . We should go get ian . He should know what 's going on . I 'll not tell him anything and neither will you . No point in worrying the man . Tell him the bairn 's coming , nothing else . Making yerself comfortable ? I was wondering when you 'd seek me out . We have a lot to talk about . Then let 's talk . This , This is all yours . Isn 't it ? Yeah , I saw the name " fraser " carved in the lintel . Who 's jenny to you ? Very well . Don 't tell me . She 's bonny . So 's your bride . Yeah . They speak about the luck of the irish . But you , jamie fraser , you 're the lucky man . What do you want , horrocks ? To sail to the colonies . Boston , I fancy . Then go . Scotland won 't miss you . I 'm gonna need money for my venture . You 'll have plenty in your pockets after the raid on the rent party . It 's a start , but not much of one , Not after I divvy the pot with the others . ( scoffs ) my thinking was Maybe you 'd be willing to help a fellow . Same way as I 'm helping you by keeping my mouth shut . For a price , I 'm sure . You 're a canny lad . But you put up some money now , And I swear , you 'll not see my face again . How much ? He 's dropped now . I can feel it . All right . We just have to wait . Tell me what it 's like , being pregnant . Well , it 's no romp in the heather . Can 't you see my face ? I know . Come on . Tell me . Well , uh ... In the early days , it 's just a bit like wind in yer belly . Later , you start to feel the child move . And it 's like a fish on a line , just a quick tug , And then gone so soon , you 're not sure you felt it . They sleep for hours at a time . ( exhales ) Sometimes when there 's been no movement , You fear they 've died . And then you try to wake them , And when they kick again ... ( soft grunt ) You get down on yer knees And promise god anything he asks if he 'll just keep them safe . Ooh . ( grunts ) Just breathe . And towards the end , When the child moves a lot . ( exhales ) It 's a feeling like when yer man 's inside you . When he comes to you deep And pours himself inside you and that throbbing begins . Feels like that , Only much bigger , like ... Like it 's him you 've taken into you instead . That 's what they want sometimes , you know . They want to come back . ( sighs ) Mrs. Crook : Mistress ? There 's word from the village . The midwife was called away to tend to a relative who 's taken ill . It 's all right . It is possible to deliver a breech baby . I 'm going to have to reach inside and guide it out . All right , but you 'll be fetching me a good stiff dram before we start . In that case , the baby will likely be drunk , too . Then he 'll come into the world a true scot . All right . ( speaking other language ) Ever since they got here , you have the look on your face Like you 've got a thistle stuck up your arse . You 're provoking them . They burned hay we need for winter . You 'd have me turn the other cheek ? That 's why you 've got two cheeks , you limmer . Jenny hates the very bones of them . I canna understand why you don 't . Macquarrie could take more from the estate than he does . Just ask the macintoshes . He 's been easy on us . So you 're boon companions with him . Aye , so I am . And if you want to ken the truth of it , I look forward to his visits . To drink whiskey with a man who doesna look on me with pity , As if I 'm some lame cur . Maybe I favor him because he 's a soldier or because ... ( sighs ) Because he reminds me of you . And because he protects us from the redcoats . He pays them to stay away , And when they don 't , he fights them . You pay one devil to protect you from another . I 'm not proud of it , but there it is . What happened here with jenny never will again . But no man can stand up to that monster randall alone . Not you , not me . It takes an army . The watch is our army now . What 's the matter ? That new man , horrocks . I 've met him before . He knows about the price on my head . He wants money to keep quiet . What are you going to do ? I dinna ken . Jenny told me about a small sum your father left . It 's ferreted away in a nook in the broch . I canna use that money . Half of it 's yours by right . If jenny knew about this ... She doesn 't know about it . And I want it kept that way . I won 't be taking that money . Yes , you will . It 's what she would want . It 's what I want . That money was meant for you , For our sons and daughters . I wanted to fill this house with our children , Hand down the good fraser name . I 've let you down , claire . It 's me that 's let you down . The truth is , I may never give you a son as beautiful as little jamie . ( sniffles ) I don 't think I can have children . I tried before I met you . With frank . ( sobs ) I should have told you before we were married , But I never counted on loving you , Much less having children with you . ( sobs ) I 'm so sorry . ( sniffles ) Perhaps it 's for the best . There 's ... There 's so many things that can go wrong . I wouldn 't want anything to happen to you . Or for you to suffer . I wouldn 't mind the pain . I would . I can bear pain myself , But I couldna bear yours . That would take more strength than I have . I shouldna keep you from jenny . Of course . ( sniffles ) Don 't worry . She 'll be fine . I 'll make sure of it . ( door opens ) ( door closing ) ( horrocks whistles ) ( thunder rumbles ) Oh . Ho-ho . I must thank you . You 've been generous . Then we 're done here . Yeah . There 's just one small concern . I thought there might be . This is enough for safe passage to the colonies . But then there 's the matter of making a living when I 'm there . Buy a small shop , start a business . I hear boston 's an expensive city . That 's everything I have . But you 're the laird . Surely you can raise the rents of your tenants , huh ? Sell off livestock or land ? This is clan land . It 's belonged to my family for hundreds of years . More 's the pity if you lost it , then . You must be deep in the drink to say such a thing . ( laughing ) Ah ... An irishman 's never drunk . As long as he can hold on to one blade of grass , He 'll not fall off the face of the earth . I do partake from time to time , And my tongue gets loose . Who knows what I might say ? I 'm a danger to myself , and others . Like your kith and kin . You leave my kin out of this . The british army don 't take kindly to those who harbor outlaws . Prison 's no place for decent folk . I 'm sure you 'd agree . ( groans ) ( panting ) I thought I killed my last man in the war . Jamie : I 'm grateful . Although if you hadn 't done it , I would 've done it myself . The man was an absconder , a traitor and a thief . He wasna worthy of the watch , nor even a redcoat . Let 's bury the bastard , which is more than he deserves . ( sword rattles ) Wipe the blood off first . Ian . Remember , We used to argue Which was the bigger sin , Fornication or killing . ( chuckles ) And worry whether we would go to hell . ( sighs ) Well , if you 're going to hell , I might as well go , too . ( chuckles ) God knows you 'll never manage alone . Go get the shovel . ( jenny screaming ) ( groans ) ( sighs ) Take this . My fingers are swelling up like sausages . You can put it in the jewelry box . I keep it hidden in the drawer when the watch is around . ( chuckles ) Our brother willie carved that for jamie for his fifth birthday . I found it recently . I meant to give it to him . " sawny . " It 's a pet name . It 's a play on the gaelic for his second name , alexander . It 's what willie used to call jamie . I know he 'd want him to have it . Willie 's buried out there , Next to my mother . She died two years after he did , In childbirth . ( inhales ) give it to jamie for me . You give it to him yourself . ( grunts ) ( jenny screaming ) Woman , quit yer screeching ! Yer wife 's howling like she 's giving birth to a harpsichord . ( laughter ) ( jenny groans in the distance ) Oh , ho ! ( laughter ) I think we 've used a bit more of your hay than usual . Buy some extra , in case you run short in the winter . You know , we haven 't seen horrocks since supper . No . Neither have I. Ah ! He 'll turn up . Irish pogue . He 'd better . 'cause we leave for lochaber tomorrow . Ah ! Hey , lads . Tomorrow , aye . ( goat bleats ) How 's jenny ? Ian : The babble 's taking its own sweet time . But she 's coming along . ( sighs ) Well , there 's still no sign of our friend mr . Horrocks , Which is a wee bit of a puzzle . It is a puzzle . Well , his horse is just outside , So he can 't have gone far , Given that the man would barely walk 10 steps to pish , Much less wander away . Now , I have a fair knowledge of mathematics . Three men go out , Two men come in . If I add to that the fact that you two knew each other And you hid it from me , That doesn 't tally up . I don 't get yer meaning . Why 'd you kill him ? Let me explain . I 'm a wanted man . There 's a price on my head . Ten pounds , sterling . Likely twice that now . Horrocks knew it . He threatened me and my family . So ... I ran him through . Good . I never liked the irish bastard . If ever a man needed killing , it was him . ( chuckles ) We 're raiding the chisholms today , and now I 'm a man short . And I could do with a tall , strong scotsman Who 's swift with a sword . So unless you 're prepared to dig seven graves , including your own ... I 'll ride with you . This once . I 'm coming , too . No , you 're not . If he wants to come , let him come . He 's got two hands . He can hold a gun . I 'll have you both . ( grunts ) Watch your back . He could still turn you in for the reward After you 've served his purpose . I don 't think he will , but I 'm going with him . You should stay . Jenny needs her husband here with her . What I need is my brother home safe . I lost him once already . And claire 's here , so off with the both of you . ( sighs ) But haste ye back , ian murray . Your newborn son will be waiting to meet ye . Jenny found this , Asked me to give it to you . Sawny . ( chuckles ) ( chuckles ) I haven 't seen him for a long time . You heard your sister . Haste ye back , or else . Or else what ? Or else I will follow you , I will drag you back by your thick , red curls , And you won 't like it one bit . No , sassenach . I 'm sure I wouldn 't . ( thunder rumbling ) Good being out on the road again , eh ? In the pishing rain ? ( laughing ) The road 's a dangerous place to live . Why do ye do it ? Robbing 's not an entirely honorable profession . I 'm a fighter . And I 'm good at it . I grew tired of fighting for rich dukes and monarchs . I realized the world is mine . And money taken is twice as sweet as money earned . Here , that 's a souvenir from our last raid . Open it . " pale death visits with impartial foot " the cottages of the poor and the castles of the rich . " These were made for mary stuart . Real barrel of laughs , that one . ( laughing ) You know , I don 't mind death As long as it comes under an open sky . Myself as well . This doesn 't have to end after today , ye ken . We could branch out , Raid the royal tax wagons , english landowners . We could go places . Prussia , flanders , saxony . Aye . Make a name for ourselves . They 'd write songs about us . You paint a bonny picture , macquarrie . If it wasn 't for claire , maybe I 'd take you up on it . We 'll talk again later , When your blood 's up and you 've got gold in your pocket . Or what ? You 'll turn me over ? To the british ? Never . I 've seen the inside of a jail myself . The tolbooth . I wouldn 't wish it on a dog . I 'd shoot you first . Bridge , just up ahead . ( clicks tongue ) ( groaning ) Come on . Tell me you 'll look after ian . There 'll be no need to look after anybody . Just do as I say , claire . Listen , you will get through this . ( screaming ) Ah ! Damn you , claire . That 's right , damn me . I can 't do this . I can 't do this . Yes . Yes , you can . You 've done it before , and you 're going to do it again . Get behind me . Get behind me . Christ almighty . Oh , bloody hell . ( screaming ) All right , he 's coming . He 's coming . ( screaming ) All right , here we go . ( screaming ) Lennox : Hold up . Hold up right there . All : Aye . When are the chisholms due to pass ? Just shy of sundown . Horrocks said they 're going to be coming from the east . Lennox : I 'll go up there and stop them , Just as they 're crossing the bridge . Crenshaw : Aye . You can say what you like about horrocks . Scunner knew how to pick the perfect spot for an ambush . Let 's get in yer positions . Horrocks was right . With the high walls and the dense cover ... There 's no way out . ( shouting in other language ) jamie ! Fire ! Fire ! Macquarrie : Fire ! ( gunshots ) ( baby fussing ) Congratulations . Hmm . ( baby crying ) Your bonny little lass Just landed on her feet . ( baby fussing ) A lass , ye say ? Crivvens . Claire : Three days , And still no sign of jamie or ian . Every day I sat on the steps And stared at the road , as if I could will them to appear . She had us well fooled , didn 't she ? Little margaret ellen murray . She certainly did . 'twas my grandmother 's name . Maggie . It suits her . Wee jamie may favor ian , But this little one , She 's got the fraser eyes . Here , mrs . Crook will put her down for a nap . Mrs. Crook . Yes , mistress ? ( baby fussing ) shh . You look good with a wee yin in yer arms . You 'll be holding yer own soon enough . ( soft grunt ) I don 't know that I will . Listen to me , claire fraser . Every day for four years , I stared at that very road . He will come home . He always does . These belonged to my mother . You 're tall and queenly , like she was . The lady of lallybroch should have them . They 're gorgeous . Really , they are . So very Unique . Someone gave them to her as a wedding gift . She never would say who . My father used to tease her about her admirer , But she just smiled like a cat that 's had cream for its supper . ( dog barking ) ( ian grunting ) ( dog barking ) Ian , you 're hurt . Ian : I 'm all right . I lost my horse and my leg in the fight . Where 's jamie ? ( grunts ) we were ambushed . The redcoats were waiting . They knew we were coming . Horrocks . That dirty bastard must 've cut a deal with them . I don 't understand . Delivering the watch to buy his freedom . The other lads were killed outright . I fetched murray home . 'twas the least I could do . Where is jamie ? Macquarrie was wounded . Jamie wouldn 't leave him behind . Was jamie hurt ? Not that I saw . ( breathing heavily ) But they took him . The redcoats have him .
