 Claire : Previously ... Colum doesna travel , So visiting the tenants and tacksmen That can 't come to the gathering , That falls to me . Have you seen any of your scottish companions Raise funds for the rebellion ? Let 's get on with it . Randall : Why would dougal mackenzie Rather adopt you as one of his own Than allow me to question you ? I was wondering if you had a potion That might open a lad 's heart to a lassie . ( grunts ) ( screaming ) What 's his name ? Horrocks . There 's a chance to get the price lifted from my head . A redcoat deserter . Claims he was there , Saw who actually killed the sergeant . Claire : I knew where we were going without having to ask , The province of a man I unfortunately knew all too well . I 'll thank ye to take your hands off my wife . Jamie : Strange , the things you remember . The people , the places , The moments in time burned into your heart forever , While others fade in the mist . I 've always known I 've lived a life different from other men . And when I was a lad , I saw no path before me . I simply took a step and then another . Ever forward , ever onward , Rushing toward someplace , I knew not where . And one day , I turned around and looked back And saw that each step I 'd taken Was a choice to go left , to go right , To go forward or even not go at all . Every day , every man has a choice Between right and wrong . Between love and hate . Sometimes between life and death . And the sum of those choices becomes your life . The day I realized that Is the day I became a man . Dougal : Where 's your mind , lad ? Horrocks is waiting . Give him the gold . I trust his word . The british army trusted him , too . Perhaps today 's not such a good day for business after all . Whether you deserted is no concern of ours , mr . Horrocks . We commend ye for it . I 've come a long way , At considerable danger to myself , Eluding redcoat patrols ... ( speaking other language ) The man who shot the sergeant Was captain jonathan randall himself . Ye expect us to believe that a captain , Even one as vile as black jack , Would shoot his own man ? You know randall . I suppose he can answer that . I canna use randall 's name to clear my own . You bargained for a name . A name is what you received . Good day , lads . Let him go . Man : Jamie ! Jamie ! Claire . I was minding her , I swear . I went for a piss and ... Where is she ? She must 've wandered off , and when I caught up , The redcoats had her . She was fighting and thrashing about , But they took her . They were headed south . ( folk music playing ) ( grunting ) ( both grunts ) Where is the englishwoman ? I don 't know who you mean . My friend here isna a bit pleased with yer answer . Pray , I don 't know . Pray that you do . Or your next words 'll be in a lassie 's voice . ( groaning ) The commander 's office . In the tower . Thank you . ( bird calling signal ) Murtagh , don 't ye wait too long . ( grunts ) ( grunts ) Claire : Help ! ( indistinct talking ) I 'll thank ye to take your hands off my wife . Good god . ( laughs ) Dougal mackenzie neglected to mention That you married the stripe-backed thief . How 's my handiwork looking these days ? Very well , Despite your efforts . I don 't suppose you 'd show me ? Be the last thing you ever saw . Oh . Only risk brings the possibility of reward , hmm ? Just shoot this bastard , jamie . ( screams ) Do . Shoot me . Shoot us both . And alarm the entire fort of your presence . Oh . It appears we 're to have an audience , madam . I think we should endeavor to enjoy ourselves . I certainly shall . Now , put that pistol on the table And let us commence with the evening 's entertainment . Do it . Slowly . I will slit her throat , I swear to god . Slowly . That wasn 't too hard . Back you go . Do it ! Get out of here , jamie . Just go . Go ! Everyone , keep calm . ( whimpers ) Easy does it . ( laughs ) Oh , first she orders you to fire , Now she orders you to flee . Who is the man in this marriage , fraser ? I will cut off your balls , I swear . You are a foul-mouthed scold . For the life of me , I cannot understand why any man would pledge himself To a woman . Especially such a mendacious slut as this one . Would you like your husband to join us maybe ? What do you say , fraser , hmm ? Huh ? Or would you prefer to watch ? ( gasps ) ( both grunting ) You bluffed your way in here with an empty pistol . Ned said not to kill anyone , So I had all the weapons unloaded . This way . Wait . Jamie : Sometimes I wonder why I chose not to take his life . But at that moment , I only thought to make certain He wasn 't about to raise the alarm . It never occurred to me to kill a helpless man , Even one such as randall . ( grunts ) ( gunshots ) Alert ! Turn on the alarm ! ( alarm sounding ) ( men shouting ) Get ready ! Forward ! Set ! ( men groaning ) ( coughs ) Up . Up here . You are sure there 's water down there , aren 't you ? Aye . I think so . Still a couple hours ' ride from the drover . We should water the horses . Aye . Give him a drink of water , will ye ? Aye . Are you all right ? Randall , he didn 't hurt you ? No . He didn 't have time , thanks to you . I 'm waiting for you to say something . Anything that approaches an apology . An apology ? I was taken hostage by jack randall . Are you trying to say that 's somehow my fault ? Well , it is your fault . Had you stayed put where I ordered you to stay , None of this would have happened . Yeah , but no . Ye won 't listen to me , Why mind me , I am not but yer husband . Ye take it into yer mind to do as ye damn please And next I ken , I find ye flat on yer back with yer skirts up , And the worst scum of the land between your legs , About to take you before my very eyes . I begged you to take me with you . And I told you there was no danger in me going along . Would you listen to me ? No . No , I 'm only a woman . No , why should you pay any attention to what I have to say ? Women are only fit to do as they 're told and obey orders . If ye 'd done that , we wouldn 't be on the run now With a hundred redcoats on our tail . Try that again and I 'll slap you until yer ears ring . You 're a brute and a fool ! Do you think I went and got Captured by the english on purpose ? Aye ! I do think ye did it on purpose To get back at me for what happened at the glade . At the glade ? With the british deserters ? You think , to punish you , I went for a walk in the woods On the chance that some British soldiers would be going by ? Christ , jamie , I went for a walk ! I ordered you to stay put ! I don 't have to do what you tell me to . Aye , you do . You are my wife . Oh , your wife ? Your wife . You think I 'm your property , don 't you ? You think I belong to you and you can 't stand For someone to have something else that belongs to you . You do belong to me and you are my wife , Whether you like it or not . Well , I don 't like it ! I don 't like it one bit ! That doesn 't matter to you either , does it ? And as long as I 'm there to warm your bed , You don 't care what I think or how I feel ! That 's all a wife is to you . Something to stick your cock into whenever you feel the urge . ( grunts ) Let go of me , you fucking bastard ! You foul-mouthed bitch ! You 'll not speak to me that way ! I went to you at fort william Armed with an empty pistol and my bare hands . When you screamed ... You 're tearing my guts out , claire . I 'm sorry . Jamie , Forgive me . Forgiven . I 'm sorry , too . I 'll ask your pardon for what I said . I was sore and I said more than I meant . Will ye forgive me , too ? Forgiven . Jamie : She asked forgiveness and I gave it . But the truth is , I 'd forgiven everything she 'd done And everything she could do , long before that day . For me , that was no choice . That was falling in love . ( both speaking gaelic ) ( all talking indistinctly ) Looks like we 'll be needing a few more plates , then . ( indistinct talking ) So , while murtagh Setting the fuses on the gunpowder , I sent three of the bloody jessies to meet the almighty . ( laughing ) I am not hearing this . When I heard the explosion , I thought the walls of the fort would come down . Did ye use yer breath or yer farts to subdue them ? ( laughing ) Are you calling me a liar ? Aye , because ye are lying . Ye killed nobody . Oh , oh . For god 's sake , angus ! Sit down and stop flapping yer gums , Use it for something useful for a change . Man : I 'm not gonna tell anything if you 're taking that tone . I don 't believe I 've properly thanked all of you . For what you did last night . Ned , have ye got any wine down there ? Ned : Yeah , well , they do actually have some rhenish . Quite nice , if I may say . It 's been a long day . I 'll go upstairs . ( indistinct talking ) She doesna understand what she nearly cost us . Aye . And she needs to . Think they 'll ever speak to me again ? Aye . They will . Come to bed , jamie . I 'm afraid we 've a matter Still to settle between us Before we sleep tonight . What is it ? If a man among us had put the rest in danger , As you did , He would have likely had his ears cropped , or been flogged , If not killed outright . I didn 't know . Well , I ken you 're not yet familiar with our ways , And that 's some excuse . Still , I did tell ye to stay hid . And if ye 'd done so , none of this would have happened . Now , the british will be looking high and low for us . As for captain randall ... Well , that 's something else again . He 'll be looking for you , Especially now that he knows you 're here . Aye . He ... It 's personal for him . I am so sorry , jamie . ( chuckles ) If it were just me ye 'd hurt by it , I wouldna say more about it . But your actions put all the men in jeopardy . Right , best get on with it . Ye 've done considerable damage disobeying my orders , And I 'm gonna punish ye for it . What do you mean ? Oh , you know fine well what I mean . Now , get down by the bed and lift yer shift , lass . I 'll do no such thing . Now , claire ... I have said I 'm sorry . And I am . And I will never do such a thing again . That 's just the point . You might . Ye come from a place where things are easier , I think . Where it 's not a matter of life and death If you disobey orders or take matters into your own hands . But it 's the hard truth in places and times like these that A light action can have very serious consequences . All right . You 're right , of course . I will obey your orders , even if I don 't agree with them . Good . Now then , get off the bed and we 'll get this over with . What ? I said I would follow your orders . There 's a difference between understanding something in yer mind And really knowing it , deep down . I can tell ye from my own experience That a good hiding makes ye understand things In a more serious light . But as I said , if it was just me you put in danger ... But it wasn 't . There 's such a thing as justice , claire . You 've done wrong to all the men , And you must suffer for it . I 'm yer husband . It 's my duty to attend to it . I will not let you beat me . You won 't ? I doubt you 'll have much to say about it . ( thudding upstairs ) Claire : Ow . The lad 's getting on with it . Seems so . That is his duty . ( grunts ) You 're my wife , like it or not . I 'll scream ! Well , likely , if not before , certainly during ! ( screams ) No ! I expect they 'll hear ye in the next village . Ye 've got good lungs . ( groaning ) This 'll go faster if ye just yield , woman . I 'm gonna make you suffer ! Oh ! Well , ye already are . You 're taking pleasure in this , you barbarian ! ( muffled screams ) Sounds like holy hell up there . I 'm not sure who 's punishing who . ( all chuckling ) I 'll never forgive you ! If I can forgive ye for what you did , You can forgive me , too , As soon as ye can sit down again . ( screaming ) You sadist ! I dinna ken , what 's a sadist ? As for my pleasure , I said I was gonna punish you . No ! I didna say I wasna gonna enjoy it . ( screams ) I hope that jamie wasn 't too harsh on ye last night ? A skelped arse never did anyone permanent damage . Looks like she gave as good as she got . Ah , well , it might not be permanent , but it hurts like hell . She 'll not make that mistake again . Indeed . Yes . Come and have a seat here next to me , lassie . No , thank you , I 'll stand . ( all laughing ) Over there . Ooh ! ( all laughing ) Jamie : Justice done , problem solved . And I thought the page had turned on an unpleasant chapter . But I had precious little experience as a husband , Or I would never have had such naive expectations . If anything , returning to castle leoch Only heightened the tensions and strains On my newfound marriage And presented me with more choices That would affect our lives for years still to come . Hooray ! ( cheering ) ( applauding ) Welcome home , my dears . ( cheerful music playing ) Well done . Congratulations to you both . I look forward to hearing all about yer nuptials . It 's been some time since we 've had a wedding here . My profound good wishes For a long and happy marriage , Lady broch tuarach . ( crowd murmuring ) Why ? Why did you do it ? I waited for you , jamie . I was counting the days till you 'd return . I had no notion about yerself and ... It wasna something I planned . Then why ? Why did ye do it ? 'twas dougal 's arrangement , ye see . It 's no simple story , I can tell ye that much . But an explanation will have to wait . Colum summons me . I must go . Aye . Ye canna keep a mackenzie waiting . But we 'll speak again . Aye , you have my word . Ah . 'tis the bridegroom . Aye . Now that I have all three of you weasels gathered together , Who would like to explain fort william ? Is clan mackenzie going to have to answer for yer little raid , hmm ? No . Any repercussions will land solely on me . Captain randall will make sure of that . Fine . Now , back to the rents . As I say , it has been a lean year for some of the tenants . But we have much of the stock still to sell off , Which should help to tip the scales . What about the other money you collected ? The money for the bonnie stuart prince Across the water , hmm ? ( coins clinking ) 'tis for the jacobites , is it not ? Did ye not think that one among the rent party Would remain loyal to his laird ? Or at least , young jamie , here , He does me the honor of looking fittingly guilty . You mistake concern for guilt . My conscience is clear . I owe no loyalty to charlie or james . He speaks truth , brother . We merely used the welts on his back To illustrate british justice . We raised that gold honorably . We never concealed the fact from anybody That we were raising money to restore The rightful king to his throne . That , I might remind ye , Is a cause more important than any clan or man . Is that so ? Well , this clan remains under the charge of this man . It is still my pleasure To choose what causes are supported . And the clan mackenzie 's welfare Comes before any king or country . I 've proved my loyalty to you time and again . I 've collected your rents , I 've fought your battles , I 've protected yer person , for the love of christ , I 've even assured your bloodline ! Now , I think that such fealty is worth a mere bag of gold , Don 't you ? Leave my sight . I shall try to calm his distemper . Either that or I will calm it for him . Perhaps you 'd rather chastise me at a later time ? Stay . ( sighs ) I opened my home to you as sanctuary from the british . I gave my food , I gave my hospitality . Even when you refused to pledge fealty to me , I continued to grant ye quarter and protection . And how am I recompensed ? You marry a sassenach , Knowing well enough that none in the clan Will support ye now as my successor . I meant no such betrayal , uncle . Get out . Claire : I knew it . That first time I saw dougal and hamish Playing together in the courtyard . Aye . Many have gossiped about it in whispers , And every one of us in the room already kent it well . But that 's the first time I 've ever heard Dougal proclaim he 's hamish 's father . Thought colum was going to run him through right there . That would solve a few problems . Aye , if the storm canna be calmed between the brothers , I 'll be the one to pay the price . It 's hardly the first time he and dougal Have been at odds , god knows . I 'm sure it 'll be fine in the morning . Aye . What are you doing ? I thought ... Think again . ( sighs ) ( speaking other language ) ( grunts ) ( speaking other language ) Dougal tells ye something , it 's as if it 's law . Devil , man . He 's just a lad . His mouth has been in colum 's ear And his lips half up his arse ! He gave colum the moneys collected for the jacobites . And it wasna his to give . It wasna colum 's to take . The mackenzie ordered me to do it ! I was just serving my oath to himself as given ! Or would you have me lie to the laird ? If the mackenzie asked you the same , You 'd do it , would you not ? Not after what he did to dougal , no . And what about you , jamie ? Where does your loyalty lie Between the chief and the war chief ? Now , there is but one laird of the clan , is there not ? Enough of this blather . The issue needs no debate . The lad shoulda come to us For counsel afore taking action . For his disobedience , He 's getting the due course of punishment . Besides , this is mackenzie business . You frasers should mind to yer own . Now , stand aside and let us get back to ours . Hey . What 's all this , then ? I thought we were hunting stag ? Aye . Who 's with me ? It 's getting a wee bit uncomfortable Around here for my taste . Rupert 's right . This is not our fight . I 'll saddle the horses . Ye take hold of claire And we 'll be away from here this very night . And how would we live ? Horrocks was my best chance , And now , I may be even an outlaw for good . We 'll live off the land . Or has castle life made ye soft ? Would ye have me sleeping under a tree Come winter with my wife ? Leave her , then . We can send for the lass when we find safe beds . Aye , spoken like the unwed man ye are . For pity 's sake , jamie , It 's either up tail and away , or we stay and pick a side . It 's not like colum 's gonna give dougal back the gold . Not that I see that it matters much either way . The bonnie prince isna sailing from Italy anytime soon . No , He isna , is he ? Peace , you say ? Peace ? You come here and tell me That clansman brawls with clansman ! That my own brother defies me . How can there be peace until such disloyalty is punished ? Well , chastising the guilty might sooth yer anger , But I doubt it will accomplish anything more . The bad blood will only fester , Leading to more violence , Until the clan explodes into open warfare . What would you have me do ? Make yer brother a gift of the jacobite gold . ( chuckles ) You 'd have me commit treason to the crown ? Sanction a stuart restoration to the throne ? A stuart restoration is but an airy hope , my laird . There is no jacobite army . The highland clans are too busy reiving each other 's cattle To even consider uniting . While bonnie prince charlie lounges idly , Being pampered by the pope . Aye . Aye , all that is true . Meanwhile , my own clan teeters on the brink of civil war . Then remove the source of the immediate conflict . Give dougal back the gold And ye pacify him and his companions . Let yer brother play the rebel , As long as he does it quietly . Let him whisper of a free scotland for now , While you bide your time And wait to see how events transpire . If bonnie prince charlie ever returns with a call to arms , You can decide then which side to back . Dougal may be war chief , But he knows only you can cry for war . Bring my brother and ned gowan here . ( door opens and closes ) Are we to stand here all day , Or is there a purpose to this summons ? One day , brother , You 'll talk your head off your shoulders And right onto a pike . A month ago , You swore an oath to me on this dirk . Ye recall ? Aye . So tell me , brother , What 's a man 's word worth these days ? A bag of gold , perhaps ? My oath to you is an oath to scotland . I 've not broken it , nor will I ever . We 'll see . ( coins clinking ) Go on , then . Play the rebel . See where it leads ye . I thank you , brother . Ned , send a missive to the duke of sandringham , Inviting him to a banquet in his honor . Best warn the men of the household To keep their arses out of his reach . Sweet christ , man , Can ye not keep that tongue of yers From wagging ? Very wise , laird , To get the measure of the jacobite cause From an englishman 's perspective . It will take more than yer approval To get back in my good graces , ned gowan . Get out of my sight , all three of you . Jamie : I should have been happy That the mackenzie clan wasna about to tear itself apart . And that I 'd repaired my relationship with colum and dougal . But I wasn 't . The rift with claire was an open wound that would not heal . I needed to do something , make a decision . Choose a course of action . But what ? I kent I 'd find ye here . This has been yer secret place since ye were a lad . Not so secret if ye found me so easily . Ye promised we would speak . Aye . I remember the first time I saw you , james fraser , Coming through the gates at leoch . I was only seven years old , still a child . You didn 't notice back then How my heart leapt when you were near . And you went away all those years , I never forgot ye . I 'm wed now . And ' twas a gallant thing ye did . Marrying the sassenach to spare her from the british . 'tis true the marriage was dougal 's arrangement , but ... You dinna look very happy . Ye look like ye 're carrying the world on yer back . Laoghaire . When you returned , When you took the beating for me in the great hall , I knew I wasn 't wrong . That you felt the same . And then , that day in the alcove , The way you kissed me . She was married before . But I 've lain with no one . I want ye To be the first And only one to have me . No . I made a vow and I 'll not break it . Even for a lass as bonnie as you . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry ! Jamie : For the first time since I was a lad , I felt uncertain about my next step . All I knew was I had to find a way forward , One step at a time . Colum and dougal have mended fences . Our lives in the highlands are steeped in tradition , Custom and ritual . So I 've seen . And colum chose to risk looking weak , Publicly changing his position , Because peace was more important than custom . I saw a rigid man bend . It made me mindful . About what ? Wives obey their husbands . Husbands discipline them when they don 't . Well , that 's how it was with my father , And his father and on and on and on back . But maybe , for you and me , it has to go a different way . I swear on the cross of my lord jesus , And by the holy iron which I hold That I give you my fealty and pledge you my loyalty . If ever my hand is raised In rebellion against you again , Then I ask that this holy iron Might pierce my heart . Is it not enough , claire ? Do you not want me anymore ? Do you wish to live separately ? Well , that 's what I should want ... But I don 't . The key to lallybroch . What ? Yer ring . I had the blacksmith Fashion your ring from my key . Why didn 't you tell me that before , When you gave it to me ? I wanted to wait until I took ye back to lallybroch . So ye 'd know the place was as much yours as mine . But now , I dinna ken when , if ever , we 'll get back there . Jamie , I ... And that ... That thought does not pain me As much as it once might have . You are my home now . I want you , claire . I want ye so much , I can scarcely breathe . Will ye have me ? ( breathing heavily ) Yes . Yes , I 'll have you . ( panting ) ( both grunting ) Listen to me . If you ever raise a hand to me again , james fraser , I will cut your heart out and have it for breakfast . Do you understand me ? Do you ? You have my word . ( grunting ) You 're mine . Mo nighean donn . Mine , now and forever . And I mean to make you call me master . ( grunting ) ( gasps ) I am your master and you 're mine . Seems I canna possess your soul without losing my own . Sassenach ? Yes , master ? What does " fucking " mean ? What ? " fucking . " Well , after fort william , you called me a fucking bastard . ( chuckles ) um ... Well , that means what we just did . Ah . What about " sadist " ? Ye called me that as well . Well , that means someone Who takes sexual pleasure in hurting someone . ( both chuckling ) Oh , well . Ye dinna flatter me overmuch , But I canna fault yer observations . Um ... Oh . Was I too rough on you ? Well , If you bed a vixen , you have to expect to get bit . Come here and bite me some more . ( chuckles ) I 'm ravenous . Hmm . So am I. ( chuckles ) You meant food . Mmm-hmm . I 'll go to the kitchen , fetch us something to eat . What on earth is this ? Where 'd ye get that ? It was just there . What 's wrong ? What is it ? It 's an ill-wish . Which is ? It 's meant to bring pain or harm Or even death . Who would put such a thing under our bed ? Jamie ? Laoghaire .
