 Claire : Previously ... Dougal : I 've news of jamie . He 's in wentworth prison . Stood trial three days ago . Condemned to hang . Randall : Stop the executions ! Jamie , i will have your surrender before you leave this world . ( screaming ) ( grunting ) With a bit of luck , i 'll be able to find jamie Before the alarm is sounded . ( sobbing ) Let her go in safety and you can have me . You have my word . Randall : So , it becomes a matter of trust . Your word for mine . ( sobbing ) i can 't leave you . Yes , you will . Do as i say . No ! Claire : I can get us inside . I left a door open at the rear of the prison . I know how we can save young jamie . Randall : It 's a masterpiece . Shall i begin ? ( folk music playing ) ( marching drums playing ) Soldier : Hey ! Royal salute ! Present arms ! All : God save king george ! ( creaking ) Soldiers , your firearms ! Soldier : Stand at ease ! You owe me a debt . ( clanging ) ( metal door opens ) ( grunts ) Please . ( grunts ) ( crashing ) ( crashing ) ( rumbling ) ( loud clattering ) ( distant shouting ) Three cheers for his majesty , king george . Hip hip ! All : Huzzah ! Hip hip ! All : Huzzah ! Hip hip ! All : Huzzah ! ( loud rumbling ) ( mooing ) ( whimpering ) ( groaning ) Easy , lad . Easy . We 're getting you out of here . Aye ! ( mooing ) ( shouting ) ( indistinct shouting ) ( mooing ) Is he alive ? Aye , he needs tending , but it 'll have to wait . The hell it will ! I can 't believe you actually did it . Those redcoat drummer boys were making such a racket , The garrison didn 't know we were there , cattle and all , Until we were inside the place . ( laughs ) We must make haste . They 'll be coming for us straight away . God . What did randall do to you ? I don 't mean to speak ill of the lad , but he positively reeks . ( sniffs ) It 's oil of lavender . It 's used to relieve pain . Someone tried to tend him , then ? Maybe . Go back and watch the road behind us . If ye see any sign of pursuit , come running like the devil And we 'll have to take our chances . Claire : Jamie . Murtagh : Come on ! ( neighing ) Jamie . You 're safe now . I 'm going to help you , i swear . ( speaking other language ) ( choking ) Get off her , lad ! Jamie ! ( groaning ) What 's wrong with ye , lad ? It 's claire ! Dinna touch me ! She 's just trying to help ye . ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) What is he saying ? He 's deleeriet . Raving about god knows what . Pardon the interruption , but will ye be wanting tea ? Or can i get this wagon moving ? ( whip cracks ) ( urges horse ) ( bell ringing ) Willie : Father anselm , This is mrs . Claire fraser . The father 's agreed to give us shelter Until we can find a more permanent situation . Thank you . We 're most grateful . Think nothing of it . We shall talk later . I 'm going to need ... The boy has told us of your needs And all is waiting for you . Thank you . Jamie : No , no . Claire : Jamie . It 's all right . There 's more broth . ( shivering ) I 've no doubt you can mend his body , But there are other wounds , Not so easily dealt with . Jamie : ( moaning ) His soul , i 'm afraid , is in turmoil . If i don 't set that hand , he 'll be crippled for life . Jamie : Claire . Please . Excuse us . ( door closes ) Brother paul was right . You need your nourishment . ( whimpers ) Dinna touch me . Jamie , talk to me . What did randall do to you ? Too much . And not enough . ( rats squeaking ) You saw her leave these walls ? Yes . We are both men of our word . Drink . Ah , ah , ah . Let 's see if we can make you more comfortable . This will hurt . ( groaning ) ( retching ) It 's all right . It 's all right . The worst is over now , you 'll see . Dear god . You are a magnificent creature . ( sighs ) ( inhales ) ( grunts softly ) It 's like kissing a corpse . I know you can do better . ( exhales sharply ) ( shushing ) ( grunts ) My men can have claire back here within the hour . We have an agreement . That i would not resist . Ah . So that 's your plan . To submit , but like christ on the cross . Well , we will see about that . ( groaning ) ( shuddering ) ( breathing heavily ) Shh . ( grunts ) ( whimpering ) How does that feel ? Is that nice ? ( groans ) Don 't play the worm with me . ( breathing heavily ) Jamie , I just want this to be a pleasant experience for us both . ( groaning ) Do what you must . Take yer pleasure and be done with it . What i must ? You think i cannot control the darkness i inhabit . ( grunting ) ( screaming ) One way or another , I will get a response from you . Randall : ( coughs ) ( spits ) ( screams ) Scream . Scream . ( groaning ) Scream ! ( groaning ) ( screaming ) Scream ! ( yelling ) Brother paul : Ye 'd be wise to do as she says , lad . The laudanum will help ye sleep through this trying time . Whiskey will do me fine . Jamie , i 'm about to set nine bones in your hand . Randall made me crawl . Made me beg . Before he was done , he made me want verra badly to be dead . Well , you 're not dead , And i refuse to let you spend the rest of your life a cripple . So let me do my job . Do as you wish . ( sighs ) It matters not to me . Jamie . Claire : I need water and clean cloth . Brother paul : I have them ready for ye . They 're over near the basins . Claire : What about thread ? Brother paul : I have clean thread , too . Randall : Scream . Scream . Scream ! Claire : During the war , I had treated men in far worse shape , Their horrific injuries almost unfathomable to the human mind , But none of them were my husband . It was a long , nerve-wracking job . Some parts , such as the splinting of the two fingers With simple fractures went quite easily . Other 's did not . Setting his middle finger required exerting considerable force In order to draw the ends of the splintered bone Back through the skin . Jamie had said to me once , " i can bear pain myself , " but i could not bear yours . " that would take more strength than i have . " He was right . It did take strength . I hoped that each of us had enough . I began to lose awareness Of anything outside the job i was doing . I was afraid of infection , particularly , But otherwise was fairly sure the fingers would heal . The shattered joint would likely Leave him with a stiff ring finger , But the others might function normally in time . Brother paul : I will stay with him through the night . You 'll need your strength . Come . I will send for you , should he awaken , Or there be any need . ( breathing heavily ) ( retches ) ( vomits ) ( spits ) ( breathing deeply ) ( bell ringing ) I 'm sorry , i didn 't mean to interrupt your prayers . ( sighs ) I wasn 't exactly praying . I was just sitting here alone , Trying to clear my head . Were you indeed alone ? Please . Claire : ( exhales deeply ) Would you like me to hear your confession ? I 'm not sure any of it would make any sense to you . Perhaps not . But i assure you , he will understand . My name is claire beauchamp randall fraser . Through my Selfishness , I have brought great suffering , To both my husbands . Go on . Eight months ago , I was on holiday with my husband in inverness , In the year of our lord , 1945 . ( exhales deeply ) Claire : I told him everything . I happened upon some standing stones ... Exactly like my husband ... Traveled back 200 years in time ... He attacked me ... Was rescued by my highlander ... I know i was already married ... He had become a friend ... I found myself very much in love ... Seemed like the only solution ... He was prepared to let me go ... I couldn 't leave him ... I was accused of being a witch ... Jamie came to my rescue ... Captain randall , did the most unspeakable things to him . ( sobbing ) Claire : But it 's my fault . How marvelous . Extraordinary ! A miracle , perhaps . A miracle ? Somehow , i don 't think canon law Was constructed with my situation in mind . True . But , our lord sees the truth in all things . And so he knows your truth as well . Whatever your sins might be , Have faith that they will be forgiven . ( praying in latin ) Jamie : Mmm . ( groans ) ( door opens ) How 's our patient this morning ? Stubborn . Very stubborn . He still refuses any food . You need sustenance . ( breathing heavily ) He has a fever . I was afraid of that . It 's looking better . Once we have you healed up , We can begin a regime of massage and exercise , See if we can 't get that ring finger bending properly . We need to get his fever down . I 'll need a bucket of the coldest water you can find . The burn is icy in the mornings . That 'll do . And also plenty of clean cloth . I 'll see you get all you need . Thank you . ( door closes ) Jamie : You canna save a man That doesna want saving . Hey , go on . Staying sober isna going to heal jamie any faster , eh ? It 's not his wounds i 'm worried about . It 's the not eating . Same thing happened to my uncle . Tree fell on him . His arm . Lost it up to the shoulder . Couldna stop fretting about it . Refused to take even a mouthful of bread . What happened to him ? Starved himself to death . Not that i 'm comparing jaime to ... ( speaking other language ) ah ! Jamie : ( speaking other language ) ( speaking other language ) ( whimpering ) ( retching ) ( groaning ) Randall : Am i close ? Have you reached your limit yet ? What shall i do with you ? Claire . ( panting ) Randall : What is her power ? Possesses you even now ? What is her secret ? Tell me . She 's gone . ( sobbing ) There 's no more claire . Then are you mine ? Are you mine ? Jamie : You . There 's only you . ( exhales ) ( jangling ) ( blowing ) ( fire crackling ) ( shuddering ) ( grunting ) Show me . Show me you 're mine . Huh ? ( breathing heavily ) Show me . Do it . ( gasping ) ( heavy breathing ) ( screaming ) ( sizzling ) ( breathes deeply ) ( horse bell tinkling ) I spotted two redcoat patrols . Rupert : But they dinna see you ? No . Willie : One was headed south , the other east . Lucky for us . Murtagh : Won 't be long before they head north . The monastery 's no place for a fight . It 's time we made plans . It 's clear jamie 's not thriving here . Go where ? There 's no place safe for ye in scotland . Not leoch , not lallybroch . Ye 'll have to flee the country . The mackenzies know people in paris . They can take ye in , provide shelter , eh ? There are frasers in france as well . Jamie and i have a cousin . The man 's a merchant . He couldna fight sleep . You need someone who can defend against ... Mistress claire , do you not have yer own family in france ? Is that not where you were headed when we first encountered ye ? Perhaps they would take ye in ? Yes , but they were relatives of my late husband And most likely wouldn 't welcome Me in my current circumstances . I think jamie would prefer to be With members of the fraser clan . No offense . None taken . The offer stands . Aye . The mackenzies will always stand with ye . I know they will . Thank you . Then i best secure us a ship . Jaime . ( speaking other language ) ( grunts ) Murtagh 's gone to find a boat . For france , Where ye can forget this ever happened . Ye need to keep yer strength up . Ye must eat for ... For mistress claire 's sake if not for yer own . She loves you fiercely And ye have her worried sick . Tell me what i can do to help . Jamie . Jamie : Yer blade . Hand it over . And what would ye be needing it for ? To put me out of this black misery . Jamie , ye don 't mean it . It 's not a matter i wish to discuss . Now , hand it over . No . Give it to me . No , i won 't . Murtagh : I was just coming to see you . Got us passage on a ship . The cristabel . It 's a bit dear . Fifty coin in gold , but it 's safe . Willie said jamie asked him to kill him . Did you know ? I wanted to tell you , But he made me pledge not to . I 've been praying ye 'd be able To talk some sense into the lad . That he 'd come around . Why ? Why does he want to die so badly ? He 's been tortured . Raped . Isn 't that reason enough ? No . Aye . The lad 's taken his share of punishment , But i can 't help feeling there 's more here than we know . I 'm sorry , claire . I 'm truly sorry . I 'd never do anything to hurt that lad ... Unless . Unless ? I 'll not watch jamie waste away . Die like an animal in the woods With his foot caught in a trap . If it comes to the time When he 's past the point of healing ... ( gasping ) There we go . Feeling better ? Whoa . Whoa , whoa . Ye collapsed like a sack of grain . Scared the piss right out of me . Pardon me , brother . ( sighs ) What am i going to do ? About jamie ? Well , his wounds are progressing nicely , But his soul remains possessed by darkness . I fear He will writhe in torment Until he makes an end of himself . Unless he can be led back into the light . I don 't mean to disagree with ye , brother , But i know jamie . And light or no light , None can lead him where he doesna want to go . Are ye saying the lad 's doomed ? I 'm saying that maybe the only way to save jamie Is for someone to step into the darkness with him . ( groaning ) ( panting ) Randall : Breathe in . ( gasps ) Oil of lavender . Smells familiar , doesn 't it ? What are you doing ? Leave me be ! I 've left you be for far too long . Treated you too gently . That doesn 't work with you , does it ? No , you only respond to strength . Why are you doing this ? You know why ! To find out exactly what happened In that room between you and randall . What you 're holding back . You already know . The obvious , yes , but what else ? There is no else . Then why can 't you look at me ? Look at me ! Do it ! Look at me ! No ! No ! ( grunting ) Claire , please ! I don 't want to hurt you . Claire : It 's a bit late for that , isn 't it ? My husband wants to kill himself and he won 't tell me why ! Do you want me to hate you ? Do you want me to hate you ! No ! ( tearing ) ( panting ) He branded you ? Jamie , What he did to you doesn 't mean that ... Jamie : No , you 're wrong . He didn 't brand me . I did it myself . We can remove it . No . You canna understand . Claire . It wasn 't ... Randall didn 't just use force to get what he wanted from me . Claire , it wasn 't ... Go on . Say it . He made love to me , claire . And i ... ( inhales deeply ) What ? Randall : Breathe in . That 's oil of lavender . Jamie : ( breathing deeply ) Randall : These are claire 's hands . Think of claire . Think of your wife . ( exhales ) ( moans ) Wait for me . ( moaning ) ( creaking ) Claire 's here . ( grunts ) Jamie : ( moaning ) Say my name , jamie . Say my name . Claire . ( chuckles ) ( both moaning ) ( moaning intensifies ) ( gasping ) Randall : I understand . How could she ever forgive you ? ( sobbing ) I couldna help myself , claire . It felt So good . Not to be in pain . Were you afraid i wouldn 't forgive you ? There 's nothing to forgive . Jamie , it 's ... It 's all right . Don 't you see ? I canna be your husband any longer . And i will not be less to you . You did what was necessary to survive . That 's all . No . No , he broke me . He broke me , claire . He knew it . We both did . You belong to no one else but me . And i belong to you . And nothing will ever change that . Those are just weak words , claire . ( groans ) ( panting ) I lie here , Feeling i will die without your touch , But when you do touch me , i want to vomit with shame . No . You 're my husband , james fraser . How dare you give up on me now ! You swore to me , You promised me The protection of your body if need be . Well , randall had your body , But i 'll be damned if he has your soul as well . ( sobbing ) You 're mine . And we are meant to be together . It 's the only explanation i have for all this . It 's the only way i can wrap my mind around What 's happened all these past months . It 's all been for you and me . But if you take away The one last thing that makes sense to me , Then i will die . With you , right here , now . ( speaking other language ) How can you have me like this ? I will have you any way i can . Always . Claire : The laudanum , please . Jamie : No . I want to be awake when you cut him out of me . Get on with it . ( grunts ) ( spits ) ( sizzling ) Willie : I 'll miss you , mistress . We shall never find another healer the likes of you . Thank you , willie . ( sighs ) You 're a true friend . I doubt everyone is as sad as you are to see us go . It 's nothing personal , mistress , But keeping you and jamie out of harm 's way Proves to be a full-time occupation . That 's very true . Time to go . Angus : Mistress claire ? May i Kiss you farewell ? No , you may not . That is far too final . You may kiss me au revoir . Murtagh : Hey , hey . ( grunts ) I 'm so sorry . Seriously ? Apologies , mistress , i lost my head . Goodbye to you , claire . God bless . Very gallant . See , that 's how you take your leave of a lady . All right . Piss off , the lot of you . ( speaking other language ) Angus : If ye happen to run into the rightful king across the water , You tell him angus mohr sends his best , eh ? ( laughing ) King james is in italy , ye fool , not france . I meant if he ... I meant if he goes to italy . Rupert : Yer arse , ye did . I thought i 'd be the one to be Puking my guts out over the side And here ye are , as green as rotten fish . Please . Fish is the last thing i want to think about right now . ( chuckles ) Should i get a bucket ? Glad to see you 're regaining Your sense of humor . I 'm trying . It 'll be all right , won 't it ? I mean , we 'll be all right ? I 'll see to it . We 're headed into an unknown future and i ... Aye . I know what you mean . What are we to do in france ? It won 't be forever , claire . Someday , we 'll return to scotland . That i promise ye . But you know what 's going to happen in scotland . The rising . Culloden . The end of the highland culture . What can we do but play our part ? What if we could stop it from happening ? The rising , culloden , what if we could stop all of it ? Change the future ? The two of us ? That 's madness , is it not ? We have to try . The rising starts with prince charles . And right now , the bonnie prince is in france . I believe we can do anything we want , Just as long as we 're together . ( sighs ) It 'll take some thought . There 's something else . Ye mean besides changing the future ? I 'm not sure i 'm ready to hear it . I 've been wondering how to tell you this . Murtagh assures me that Once we 're underway You 'll be too seasick to have a conversation . I 'm pregnant . But , You said you were unable to ... Apparently , i was wrong . ( speaking other language ) Are you happy ? I never thought i 'd be able to say Such a thing again , But yes . Yes ! I 'm verra happy indeed , Sassenach ! ( folk music playing )
