 Yahoo ! For his ingenuity and partial sacrifice in the line of service , we decided to make Art honorary crew member . Thank you , everyone . Do the firings start now ? Do I get to choose who I replace ? No firings , you 're not replacing anyone . Karen , I vote Karen . Me too , I also vote Karen . We 're not voting on , okay , just sit down . What ? Now on a slightly less positive note , we did have to eject all of our fuel to escape the forming planet . Captain . Let me finish . Without fuel , we 're screwed . I mean we 'll just be orbiting this planet forever . Like a corpse-filled moon . Michael , that 's enough . I said let me finish . Now , the good news is that all the fuel we ejected seems to have collected itself on a concentrated deposit near the planet 's surface . Lucky us . I 'm talking . A new celestial body is far too risky to land on . And remote mineral extraction is an incredibly delicate , dangerous , difficult operation . Guys , seriously . You 've gotta let a brother finish . Thank you . Now , I know remote extraction is difficult . I know that . But we happen to have a crew member who spent their whole life learning extraction . It 's Tina . It 's me . Tina is good for something ? Wow , that was a curveball . Anything that 's worth a damn in Uzbekistan is miles underground . That 's sad . All right , show us what you got , super star . Okay , activate hand control simulation . So the planet is growing too dense for our extraction equipment . So our window is extremely limited . We have 12 hours to drill in and extend our microfilaments . Once we extract all the ore , we 'll have the auto thrusters go down and collect the container , bringing it back onto the ship . And while I 'm doing this , I need , full concentration , okay ? So no distractions , no talking to me , no talking around me , no baking . Do not be smelly , do not be ugly , do not be fat . Oh , sorry that 's me . Just oh . Wow , it 's a message from Ted . Natasha , would you please play private message 183 ? Hey , turkey . He called me , turkey . You left for space an hour ago . And it just feels like things have changed . I think this long distance thing is not working . As you know , I like to keep it classy . So I 'm gonna put a one week time lag on this message . I want you to have a nice first couple of days on the ship , believing someone loves you . Have fun , buddy . Hey . How we doing there , Teenz ? Huh . It 's fine . It 's , I 'm good because it 's mutual . That can 't possibly be true . All right , let 's do it again . Ready ? Oh . Oh , oh . Okay . She , she just destroyed a planet ? Okay , let 's just take a breather , okay ? And Tina , you think you 'll be ready in our little life or death timeframe ? Yeah . Yeah . She 's ready . The fact that no one loves you anymore shouldn 't affect your ability to complete this operation . Christ , Kent . Whoa . It shouldn 't . I should be fine . I 'm sure I 'll just forget about my soulmate by breakfast . That would be great , thank you . We 're all gonna die . Alone . Kent . Oh , she made that look really easy . Let me try . I 've never done minerals , but I got a sweet B plus in liquid extraction . What ? No way , this thing is rigged . I gather this is a very advanced and sensitive piece of equipment ? Mind if I give it a try ? Thank you very much for the opportunity . I , I didn 't even touch it . Aw , jeez . Great , that 's everybody . I haven 't tried yet . Oh , really , you think , you can do it ? No , but . Michael , let 's not waste time . It 's fine to fail once in a while . It 's not a failure if it 's impossible . Great , we 're screwed . No , you guys , we 're not screwed . Because this breakup is the best thing that could ever happen to Tina , okay ? Cuz in a few hours she 's gonna have grade A motor skills and a new appreciation for what 's been in front of her this whole time . Yeah , okay . Zalian , go get the retrieval thrusters prepped . Tina gets the ore out , we want to yank it up quick . Can Art help ? Yeah . Sure you should feel free to try . Zip . Art . Close the door . I 'm sorry . I think retrieval storage is , like , up ahead and to the left . Oh , I know . I 'm just delighting in all the new doors I 'm empowered to open . Yes sir , they say . Right away , mister honorary crew member , sir . Bang , there you go . Watch this one , all in the wrist . Little slow on that door , he 's fired . Who hoo ! Hello nurse . Art , that room 's restricted . Jackpot . You found the thrusters ? Better . I found something that 's probably none of our business . Where did all this come from ? I think I know . The Cruiser was supposedly built by MTV Global . This ship was a flying reality show . Yeah , here it is right here . Real World Road Rules Challenge Moonferno . Reality , huh ? It was banned when we were kids . I 've always been curious . Good heavens , we can see every nook and cranny . Yeah , these reality ships were equipped with hundreds of flying micro cameras . I guess they never deactivated ours . Did they have them in the bathrooms ? Art , listen , man , you gotta knock this off . Hey , you like baseball . Come on , we need to find the thrusters so we can pull up that fuel . Hey , we 're on TV . Hey , good looking . I 'm a robot , mm , mm , mm . I 'm a human , mm , mm , mm . Freakazoid robots report to Cruiser . That 's kinda racist . You know what I mean . Yeah . The planet 's surface has hardened from a cream cheese consistency to more of a Camembert type feel . In eight hours we 'll be off the cheese scale entirely . Does anyone have any ideas on how to get Tina feeling better quickly ? Just shout it out Kent . This may sound unorthodox , but what about hitting her with our fists ? No , Kent . Nothing above the neck . What about if we just do a scared straight deal , you know what I mean ? Kidnap her , make her think she 's going to die . Why is that your solution to everything ? I 've just scanned our entire library full of self-help books , popular films , television shows . All concerning the topic of heartbreak and the solution is clear . It can 't be . It 's the only way . What is it ? Girl 's night . Oh , fun . Damn it . We all know full well how unstable Girls Night trios can be . Two of us will inevitably pair off and make fun of me , the third one . Well , in desperate times a non-threatening kinda male could serve as a proxy girl . I just threatened a woman less than a minute ago . Yeah , so Kent is out . Ideally someone bland . Where 's Michael ? You 're staring right at me . Hey , Teen . Can you pick me up some of that mayonnaise I love ? Thanks , buddy . Kay , do you remember what I did ? Right away ? Hey , Tina . How you doing ? I 'm dying . Touch her . Show some empathy . Ew . No . Weird . You do it . You 're closer . And I 'm made of light . That 's it . Just a little . Say it . You know what you need , girl ? What ? Is a good old-fashioned Girls Night out , with all your best girlfriends . All my best girlfriends are on Earth . All your best ship girlfriends , then . God , Jesus Christ , I put on lipstick for this . Well it 's a pretty nice spread here , huh ? Saltines , harsh mint gum , half a bottle of margarita mix . This is awful , why can 't we drink ? Because we need you to operate some pretty delicate machinery . I operate delicate machinery better when I 'm just a little bit hung over and she 's doing it , look it . This glass represents an alteration I made to my programming . It emulates the gradual loss of cognitive processes that you two would experience if this party wasn 't so lame . Hey . Hey . Aren 't you supposed to be at Girls Night ? They where doing makeovers in there . So , I faked a panic attack . It turned into a real one , so I 'll go back soon . A lot of guys would kill to be at Girls Night . What are you doing ? I know , I know . It 's where all the big business decisions are made . But tonight ain 't about business . Your sister only wants me to be there because she 's had a thing for me since the academy . Really ? Yeah . I don 't think so , you know , she 's never mentioned you once . Well , what does that tell you ? What are you doing ? Oh nothing , just some Plan B stuff . You know , trying to figure out how many of us can survive in this escape pod if we don 't get fuel . Yeah man , we are both in deep pickles . Michael , your hour of medical exemption is over . Please report to the crew lounge for your scheduled fun as soon as possible . Hello Kent . Correct . Captain , I have a social proposal , that you and I engage in what we will call a Boys Night . Oh no . Is that jerky ? It is beef jerky in a sack . Looks like we have a rather grotesque Boys Night on our hands . Hold this piece and I 'll munch on it . No , Kent , no . Are you gonna help me with this ? In a minute . Why don 't we check in on the ladies . Ladies . One of my two favorite genders . Michael will be back any minute . I hope he hasn 't been drinking . Cuz you know he 's gonna to be all over me . What do you mean all over you ? Well he 's , well he 's just had sorta a thing for me . Really ? I never noticed that . Like , not ever , not once . Ever . Never . We were lab partners in the academy . He accidentally spilled boric acid all over our flight suits . And there we were bottomless in the chemical showers . You can guess what happened next . Yeah , you got it on . We got boric acid poisoning . He 's , like , been completely obsessed with me ever since . Are you talking about the Michael that we know ? Yeah . Is it Michael Jacksonburg ? No , the Michael from the ship , my story made that perfectly clear . This Michael ? That Michael ? Hm ? Oh , Natasha you look nice . Tina you look nice . Thank you . Karen you look nice . You look nice too . She 's out of control . So this pod is three and a half meters wide and five meters long . Which means six adults , plus Art , plus rations , plus weaponry . What is the default penis look like . What ? You know the standard model . What 's the platonic ideal that I should be pining for ? Back in the academy all the other guys looked different than mine . Of course it 's probably selection bias . These are the people who wanted to show me their penises . Please stop saying that word . Oh , Art . Can you give me a hand with this ? In a minute . I think this might finally be getting interesting . Oh , yeah . I know that one . That 's the one where they hang glide in Sedona , right ? No , no , no . You 're thinking of Sedona Air , which also had Lee Mayne in it . Nope . Torture . Pure , unadulterated torture . Mine 's not the same . Not in look , not in feel , aroma . Kent , I appreciate you helping me measure this escape pod , but I 'm trying to formulate a survival plan here . And I am with you . I downloaded all the movies in the ship 's computer whose descriptions included the keywords guys , boys , or men . Of course , you did . First up is Pixar 's Boys . Is it ? Featuring the vocal talent of the then unknown , Lee Mayne . What you need is a guy who appreciates quality apples . We gotta turn this off , we gotta get back to work . What are you saying ? You 're just gonna walk away ? Our lives depend on this retrieval mission and this is boring . When reality doesn 't have enough drama in it , you don 't just give up , you intervene . Playing a little God never hurt anyone . Initiate a tequila protocol . It 's time to get this party started . Oh yeah , this is what I 'm talking about . Oh , where did this come from ? Oh , you asked a question you got to take a shot . How is that a rule ? Karen asked a question , Karen takes a shot . I have a question . Can I take a shot ? All right , new rule . No shots for anybody . Listen to me . We 've got less than five hours to mine this fuel . And your are the only person on this ship who can do it . And if you don 't do it we will be stuck here in the freezing nothingness of space . All right ? Guess what , Karen ? I 'm already lost in the freezing nothingness of Ted dumped me . Oooh ! So guess what again , also ? I 'm gonna drink until I like myself . Or until we shit ourselves . Whatever comes first . Okay . To Girls Night . Still have to find out where that music 's coming from . I know , I need this playlist . Natasha , we have four hours until that planet cools . Do you have any updates ? Yeah , I got an update . Your pupils are dilating ! Somebody 's horny . It 's me . It 's me . You too , you horny too ! So you know , I 'm only doing this so Tina kills that extraction tomorrow . It 's not like I 'm having any fun with you . Like I am not having any fun with you . I hate this . And we 're only doing this for a mission , so . Back to back my friend you know it 's true , because boys are people too . Excellent . That 's right . For a while , it seemed like the central boy might not succeed in wooing the central girl . But , in time , he did . Something clean and satisfying about that . Well , it doesn 't always work that way in real life , Kent . You know , sometimes the central boy never gets life back . That 's a shame . Yeah . Okay , there 's no way that all eight of us are gonna subsist in this escape pod . I mean , it 's too heavy . It 's too crowded , and there 's not enough food . Wasn 't that obvious ? I realized that the second I came in here . Kent , there is no plan B. Tina needs to extract that fuel . Okay ? It has to be Tina . We need girl 's night to work . I highly doubt that it will . No amount of girls can fill a boy shaped hole . Wait , so what you 're , what you 're saying is we need to find Tina a man ? Who , who , who do you think it should be ? Well , I suppose it should be you , sir . Yeah , yeah . You have successfully led this ship through a series of increasingly dire and unprecedented circumstances . Yeah . You tower above all the other men at a massive five-nine . Fair points . Yeah , yeah , fair points . There 's somewhere you need to go , sir . I would be happy to attend to the emergency procedures . He 's gonna tell Tina how he feels . Caution to the wind . Heart on his sleeve . This is gonna be delicious . No . Yeah , it 's the girls will take care of Tina . You know I should , I should really work on this escape plan . Oh come on . Dammit , go to her . You know , Ted used to take a lot of photos of me , like candids and closeups , and kneelies and sleepies and ones of my feet . He 's such a great guy . We 're losing her . You know what you need is a good hook up tonight . Yes . The endorphins would actually improve your mood and hopefully , in turn , your job performance . Yeah , I , I guess I could knock the dust off of it . Well , hello skipper , fancy bumping into you here . Did you prep those thrusters ? Sure . Now listen . You and Tina tonight . Let 's make this happen . Wait , how did you know about ? Look Art , we need Tina for something super important tomorrow so I should . All the more reason . Maybe a declaration of love is exactly what she needs to hear . I have it on good authority that she recently expressed interest in knocking the dust off of it . That doesn 't sound anything like Tina . Actually it kind of does doesn 't it ? It 's a short sentence . Yeah , she says stuff like that . But how do you know that she wants me to , you know , sex her up ? You 're the captain . Don 't think it through , just act . Hey captain , fancy bumping into you here , I 'm looking for a trash can , I 've got to get rid of these ice cold clamaritas and about 300 rose petals . Give me those . Oh . You sure he 's the one you want ? Yeah , he seems nice . I like him . I 'll lead you down there . Come on . Wait , where did you go ? Natasha ? Hello . This way . Oh , okay . Go get them dog . Woof woof . Dog ? That 's what you say to her ? God , you don 't know anything about sex . Oh , I know about sex . You want me to show you what I know about sex ? What is that , your sex voice ? Maybe . If you now wish to participate in non-binding , two party consensual sex , please say agree . Agree . What 's your bra PIN ? Four , eleven , eight-two . Oh , your brother 's birthday ? It 's a long story , don 't worry about it . What 's your fly pin ? Four , eleven , eighty-two . I was his baby sitter for years . Shut up and just let me get this . Okay Captain Stewart , come on . We 're doing this . We 're , we 're doing it . We 're just talking to Tina . We 're just talking . We 're just gonna be cool . We 're gonna be chill and cool , okay ? Don 't propose . Do not freaking propose , Stewart . Okay , why 'd you buy this ring already ? Stewart ? Hey , hi ! Tina ! Hey ! I was just gonna come talk to you , actually . I don 't wanna talk . I 'm too horny . Wow . That 's perfect , you know , for the sake of the crew . Hey , I have something for you . It 's really happening . It 's happening right now . This very moment . My whole life I 've , what , who is that ? This is Abram . Yeah , Natasha defrosted him for me . What is this place ? Okay , too many questions . You 're gonna go to my room and , you know , take it out , okay ? Leave your hat on . Aye , did you need to talk to me about something . Are those clamaritas ? Can I borrow these ? I 'm guessing there 's a cryogenic chamber somewhere on board ? Oh , yeah , that 's in case they did a reunion show . This is Abram , Amish eco skateboarder . He made it to the final challenge of the moonferno . Oh yes , now I remember , his twin brother died right in front of him . Ugh , they used to show so many horrible things and nobody seemed to care . We 're monsters . Is there a Denny 's around here ? Natasha , how much time do we have ? Okay , that 's scary . Put it away . Extraction gear 's on the planet . Ready the drills . Come on . How was your night ? Bad . Yeah . Bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . Did you guys get drunk ? Wasn 't the plan . I don 't even know where the liquor came from . Oh , my God , it 's bright in here . Natasha , please tell me that Tina 's good to go and that we didn 't just do all that for nothing . I 'm not sure . I 'm embarrassed to admit it . But my memories from last night are incomplete . I lost track of our girl . Somebody found her , believe me . Probably found her a couple of times . Multiple times , from multiple angles . Mm-hm . My data confirms someone had sex on the ship last night . I didn 't know you logged that . All right , I 'm ready . Activate the drill . Bridge crew , prepare for extraction . All right . Hold on . Breathe . What is wrong , Tina ? Well , I tried to sleep with that weird President-looking guy , like you guys wanted me to . But I just kept thinking about Ted and how I want the next time to be special . You know what ? And then this guy was circumcised . Oh . Oh , the Amish are so behind the times . I know , it 's barbaric . And then , he was like , space ships are against my faith . And , where am I , and who am I , end me . So , I , I let him go out the air lock . You let him go out the air lock ? Yeah , whoops . We have 20 minutes . Can you do this ? I 'm sorry . What do we do ? The only thing we can do . Girl 's brunch . No , no , it 's not BFFs she needs . It 's T-E-D . It 's Ted , cuz sometimes you hold onto the idea of something even if you know it 's not gonna work out . Sorry . I 'm still drunk . Play new message from Ted . Hey , Teen . I was just kidding . I love you . Mayonnaise . I think she bought it . Guys , I know I 've been a real on sticks . No . Just a little bit . Thanks so much for taking care of me and the video . Well , that was from Ted . No , it was from my girls . Oh , girls . All right , all right , all right , we 've got four minutes . Come on . Four minutes . Go , go , go go . Extraction sequence initiated . Captain , I have important news . I detected an anomaly in the starboard quadrant . I took this enhanced screenshot and saved it on the shared drive . Natasha , can you open the shared drive , drive E ? Kent 's stuff My stuff My pictures Recent pictures Yesterday Space shots Screenshots Screenshots of space Latest album Last import surprisingnewthing , all lower case , one word . Kent . That 's where it is . I found it , calm down . Can you please put it up ? Thank you . Kent , you 're mixed up . That 's Pluto . Precisely . That former planet turned orbiting punchline is now here in our universe . But , how ? It seems that matter native to our home universe is somehow leaking into this universe like so much effluvia . Seems that ripples may be more frequent than we thought , which means . We can go home . Yeah . Yeah . But that 's assuming that Tina can even pull this off . I mean , that . Extraction complete . Great job , Tina . Great job . Bravo . Yay . Okay , let 's get the ore out and be on our way . Whoo . Captain , the retrieval thrusters aren 't firing . What ? Zalian , what 's going on ? It 's just not firing , Captain . Well , you primed and tested them , right ? I what 's primed and tested these days , with this Congress ? We just lost the cargo , sir . Oh . Well we 're certainly not gonna get anywhere without any fuel . The only way to retrieve it would be to risk a planet landing . This is all on your shoulders . Zalian , we can 't get rid of you , but Art you 're suspended . For what ? Oh , I see , yeah . This is the right thing to do , you know it is Art . I don 't want to watch those bastards anymore anyway . I will never forgive them for judging me based solely on my actions . Yeah , well we blew it and we gotta take responsibility . Farewell reality programming , you were a velvet prison . Hey , you know what , I got an idea . I could go the bathroom and you can watch me . Friends to the end . Yep , you got that right . Unknown user detected . Yahoo !
