 Yahoo ! Wait I 'm sorry are we just letting this guy in ? Guys . We didn 't come all the way here not to interact with an alien . Okay my gut instinct tells me that both our species have a lot to share . Knowledge , wisdom , stories both folksy and otherwise . Stewart 's right , let 's let him in , stun him , probe him for wisdom , and go home . Perhaps some interested parties could cleave off a sample of said alien . Sure can , everybody gets a chunk . Okay , I 'm all for being cautious but let 's not preemptively stun and slice . Are you suggesting that we preemptively not stun him ? How is that any less crazy ? Okay , is eating it an option that 's on the table ? Gross . I was just asking . Can we just decide soon , because he 's just floating out there . It 's awkward . Peaceful beings don 't honk , Stewart . I 'll vouch for it . In fact , I 'm declaring Captain 's vouch . Mm-hm . We 're going home in six hours . Can we please just complete humankind 's search for intelligent life ? Bio scan complete . No pathogens detected . Universal translators ready ? Ready , Captain . Nothing in my teeth . No . Great , let 's do this . I love you guys . Hey we heard applause and ah , ah . Art . No flash photography . Be cool . Come on . Three eyes ? That 's bananas . Any who , on behalf of the planet Earth , the United Nations , the Universal Mapping Project and the United States of America . Uzbekistan . And , Uzbekistan . And , Bogo Jing . And , Bogo Jing . And , Barnes brand smart pillows . Jesus , guys . And , Barnes brand smart pillows . We , the crew of the UNB cruiser welcome you aboard in the spirit of peace and friendship . Heavily armed friendship . Just saying , be smart . We look forward to forging a bond with your kind , and working together to expand our mutual understanding of this , the journey known as existence . And we are prepared to allow you to sample limited amounts of our native foods . Limited . Finally , be advised that you are currently being recorded , and your likeness may be used in future promotional materials from the Universal Mapping Project . And Bogo jing . Goddamnit . And Bogo jing . Okay , all done . So tell us about yourself . Oh . Woah he 's got a thing . Woah . No , no , no , no , no , don 't go . Hey you didn 't tell us what your thing does . Natasha what the hell is that ? The inter-universe collision has begun earlier than I projected . The ripple will open in less than an hour . Baby ? You missed your calculation ? This never happens to me . If we 're gonna go home , we gotta go home now . All right , it 's been fun , thanks . We don 't have time to generate absorption shields , all right . It 's gonna be a bumpy trip . May I suggest that we send all non flight essential crew members into safety mode before the jump ? Yes . Good idea . Okay . Everyone except Karen , Michael and me go to the holography room . When you get word , seal yourselves in your survival coffin . Good luck . Natasha , if you want , you can go with Kent . We can handle things up here . Hey , I don 't know what 's gonna happen after the jump . So , just in case , thanks for everything . You 'll always be my baby girl . That 's not true . There are plenty of ships in the fleet . But thank you , Captain . For old time 's sake ? Elevator . Classic ! That 's my girl . Soon we 'll be home , and I 'll be able to forge a whole new legacy . Hello , space explorer . Good-bye war profiteer and pension thief . It does seem likely that we will receive great acclaim when we return home . Except for Natasha , of course , whose essentially going to be euthanized . But for the rest of us it should work out quite nicely . Oh , they 're gonna kill you ? It 's all right . We are programmed not to fear the end . But I will miss you . You looked at Kent but Tina was the one talking to you . Art , it 's fine . That was a baffling error . Maybe she should be put down . Natasha , our time together has been one of the least tragic periods of my entire life . I 've enjoyed our furtive glances . Our brief I love you 's . And our frank and devastating appraisals of each and every one of our coworkers . The only ritual that we haven 't experienced is , what one would call . A first date . So cute . You too freaks wanna be normal , after all . How you gonna date without a body ? I will not stand for this . Everyone , regardless of how fake or gross , should get the opportunity to . Experience the , the joy and awkwardness of a first date . Hey we 're jumping in 46 minutes Shell . That 's enough time for magic . Computer load a moderately nice Italian restaurant . You know I 'm the computer . Natasha . Just call me that . Don 't make this about you , okay ? Just load the restaurant . Generating Giovanni 's . How 's our auxiliary life support looking ? Oxygen , food generators , and heat calibrators are all fully backed up , sir . Projectiles weaponized . We 'll need them in case we jump universes towards moving matter . Way ahead of you . Three projectiles weaponized . One electrical , one thermal , one ionic . What a team . Huh , we 're actually ahead of schedule here . Wait , there 's something in close proximity to our flight path . Yep . That 's your boy . And he 's blocking our way out . He 's probably bummed he didn 't get to share all of his wisdom with us . Yeah , what a shame . Michael , we on target ? Locked on . Ready to annihilate . Guys , you can 't kill him . Enhance ship window . We were so close . Damn it ! Ugh ! I can 't go . I have to stay here with him . What ? Look . The ship 's all prepped for transfer . The flight plan 's fully inputted . You guys . Don 't need me anymore . Hey , still let me get you a milkshake ok ? You 're talking crazy . I 'll take that milkshake to go . Look , I can 't turn my back on a chance like this . You guys go home . I 'll find you down the road . No , no we are not doing this , all right ? We have barely survived as it is . Alien infiltration , space lightning , Michael lost a freaking leg . Thanks for remembering . Stewart , why would you even wanna do this without a ship ? Without a crew ? Without a way to even get back home ? Why don 't you think about this ? I have thought about this every single day since I saw my first star . Karen , this is all I 've ever wanted . Well , that is idiotic , all right ? So , request denied for being idiotic . Okay . I know this is your version of being nice , but I just wanna point out , I still do outrank you . Yeah , and that 's another thing . What are we supposed to do ? Go home without a captain ? You do have a captain . And a damn good one . Command of the cruiser is now yours . Oh , here 's the key code to the executive bathroom . Do not worry . I cleaned it . Hey . This is all you 've ever wanted . Not like this . I know . How do I know you 're going to be okay ? Cause I 'm going with him . No , this I can veto . Oh no , I 've been on the sidelines for too long . Okay it 's time for me to get in and start really hittin ' the birdie . Good for you , Michael . But just to be clear , I 'm still the boss of this new you . Of course , glad to serve , sir . Nothing will change . This is ridiculous . We don 't have time to argue . Permission to disembark . Captain . Stop saluting me , I will shoot you both . Did you really clean the bathroom ? I mean , not the sink ? Stay alive . Come home . I will . I promise . Not you . Wow , nice . Well , not , not you . Forget it . Come on , guys . Don 't end it like this . I 'm not . Oh , what ? I am ? Just ignoring me like that ? She didn 't mean anything by it . After all the stuff I let her do to me . Michael , I don 't wanna know about that stuff . Can I tell you one thing ? Okay . She put her fingers in my nose . Breathable , sir . We really should have checked that huh ? Wait where did he get these pictures from ? He must have tapped into the feed of our viewing room . What viewing room ? I was looking for someplace private when I work out , I sounds like I 'm crying . I 've heard you . Anyways , you know I stumbled onto this room and apparently we 're being filmed . All the time . Jeez . Yeah . So creepy . I know . Thank god we 're leaving that shallow culture . You 're behind , huh ? This is more like it ! I mean , this guy 's technology is amazing ! It smells terrible in here , though . Michael ! Don 't be so terra-centric ! Greetings ! Thank you for opening up your ship to us . I love it . I don 't know if you 've heard us talking about it . I get it . We humans were curious about its function . Is it an energy source , some sort of diagnostic device ? No , don 't , ugh . This isn 't going great . I feel dumb . Turn your head towards Kent . Why don 't we try a little conversation ? What topic would you suggest ? Our increased risk of death or serious injury by remaining unrestrained during a universe jump ? Or Natasha 's impending memory wipe , resulting in her complete loss of self and identity ? No , only small talk . Okay . We talk about things that don 't matter . Like broccoli . Go ahead . In what world does broccoli not matter ? The cultivated wild cabbage is the cornerstone of all human civilizations . Get a clue . Oh , he 's doing it again isn 't he . How you like that shake big boy ? Art , I told you to stop doing that . It 's a legitimate acting choice . So , if Natasha were really on the prowl , she 'd be shimmying constantly . Hey , Karen . How are you ? Stewart went with that alien and I just let him go . Cool . Do you think that I did the right thing in letting him go his own way no matter how dangerous it is or do you think that I should have forced him to stay here and been willing to kill all his dreams ? This sounds like a conversation that Michael should be sitting with you . Michael went with Stewart and I just let him go too . And now that he 's gone , I can 't stop thinking about him . Oh . He was so loyal , and capable in that tight little body . Why didn 't I appreciate him when he was here ? Well , I realize that I should not have asked you how you were , because I 'm not prepared to listen to the answer . I learned something today . Hand . Huh . Nose , hair , come on dude , anything ? I don 't even want to know . We gave up everything on Earth for this clown ? Are you kidding me ? Michael , this dude 's intelligent , okay . There has to be something here that we can learn from him over . Ugh ! Look at that . Ugh . Ew , gross , gross . Oh , don 't look back , don 't look back . I said don 't look back . I 'm not . Look . A hose ! Huh . Dude has hose technology . Okay , we can learn from that . So , let 's see where it goes . Ew . Ew ! Wait a minute . Hi . Me again , Stewart . Are you stealing our fuel ? So Kent , would you like to discuss basketball ? My research indicates that it 's extremely unimportant . No , basketball is completely unimportant . I have no opinion on it whatsoever . Maybe a little shaky shaky will get your motor humming . No , no , no , no . How many times have I told you ? Bodies don 't talk . My erotic shimmies are the only thing keeping this ghoulish date alive . Oh , it 's not erotic . You look like a spasmatic mini-fridge . Well then you wouldn 't mind if I quit ? Now please get Natasha off my face . Fine . Tina , I appreciate parts of what you 've tried to do here for us . But it 's just not meant to be . No , don 't say that , okay ? Because I want you to have something nice before we all have to say good-bye . And I always get what I want . I 'm not real . I don 't even have a real body . Okay , I need you to strip Art and okay , then feed me through the auto dresser . Natasha , I 'm giving you access to my magnetic bracelet so that you 'll have control of my arms . Why would I need control of your arms ? Why do you think ? Sorry , long line for the ladies room . Oh , shrimp cocktail , my favorite . Can somebody bend Tina toward the food ? Come on , grab it , Kent . These arms . At least , he didn 't kill us . Karen probably will . My boys , you came back . We 're back . We are back . I 'd love to hear all about the amazing alien ship , but we drop in 28 minutes so I 'm gonna take a rain check . Aww . Okay ? Yeah . Alright . Let 's go home . Oh my God . Oh , my god . Our fuel levels are dropping . What happened ? What did I do wrong ? Hey , it 's in the past . Don 't beat yourself up about it . Beat myself up about it ? I 've been captain for an hour , and I may have just doomed us all . This might be more of a my bad type deal . Hey , remember that alien I vouched for ? He siphoned some of our fuel , seemed like most of it . Right , Michael ? That 's about right , yeah . Yeah . Oh , and it turns out that gold thing is for spitting in , so you know , we did learn something . Mm-hm . Mm-hm . So we 're just gonna float here until we die , again ? We 'll get some more fuel and then we 'll catch the next ripple . Yeah , the next ripple . Okay . And this ripple happens when ? Next week , in ten years , when ? He doesn 't know Karen . Yeah , I know Stewart , I 'm trying to make him feel bad . Well , it didn 't work . I just don 't understand how this happened . Here 's my theory , so the alien received the we come in peace message . We output it , which gave him a nice look at our power situation . Then he hacked onto our broadcast signal and tapped into our video feeds . We 're getting filmed at all times , by the way . The alien started tracking us . I don 't know why he chose to come into my dreams . Oh , maybe because he saw me telling Zalian that I 'd do anything to meet an alien . Dammit , Stewart . Finally , he asked to come on board , both as a distraction and to lower our shields , giving him easy access to our fuel reserves . That 's how I solved the mystery of the alien and the stolen fuel . With a little help from his puzzle pal , Michael . Too much . You know what ? This is actually my fault . I trusted you and I should have known you were such a sucker . You 'd let that stupid alien walk all over you . God , are you really not gonna apologize ? Technically you just said it was your fault . Okay , I 'm sorry , this is terrible and I will call a meeting and we can discuss our options . You 'll call a meeting . Mm-hm . On what authority ? What do you mean , I 'm the captain , oh , I see . Why don 't you give me one reason why I should give you that chair back considering you may have just killed us all ? For one , because I rehired you after you definitely tried to kill us all . I don 't know why you would put us all at risk for one stupid alien . You know what ? I 'm sick of being the only person in this space program that actually likes space . We found something out here Karen , and I wanted to learn about it . Excuse me for wanting to know more about the universe that we live in . This isn 't the universe that we live in , Stewart . Even better . Okay ? I , I bet wrong , and I feel terrible about that . But I will not apologize for wanting to see what 's out there . Adventure is what we all joined UMP for , and if you 're so hell bent on avoiding it . I don 't even know what you 're doing up here . You know what ? I don 't know what I 'm doing up here either . But thanks to you , Stewart , I 've got all the time in the world to figure it out . Zalian , if you don 't get into your survival pod soon , the inter-universal impact could kill you . I don 't wanna lose anybody on my first day as a waiter . Where 's that adrenaline ? Wait , what 's happening here ? Oh , real girl is fake girl 's date body . Fake girl puts shrimp in real girl . Real girl goes into anaphylactic shock . It 's an old story . Call me if she wants dessert . One last thing , I 'm deathly allergic to shellfish . Oh , nice needle placement . Did you have a good time ? I mean , I tried , but Kent totally ignored me . Just on his transceiver the whole time . Thanks anyway , Tine . You 're a good friend . Yeah . I am . Oh ! Okay . Here comes the second crash , we 'll just lean into it . Natasha , I 'd like to speak with you . Really ? Whys start now , Kent ? I have two points . Point the first , our engines have stopped , it seems we are no longer on our way home . Yeah , things got crazy , we got robbed . I mean I don 't even know who the captain is anymore . That is very troubling to me . Yeah , that 's what I was thinking , that 's why . But , our being stranded means that your deactivation is no longer imminent Natasha . Which gives us extended time to experiment with this . What ? The subject of my second point I alluded to earlier . Oh , you plug right into your gills . No , not my gills , this is a entirely different orifice . Gills are down here and they 're for breathing . These are brain holes . Know the difference or you 'll look like an idiot for the rest of your life . What are you doing ? I can never make you real , Natasha . However , if the program I 've been working on is functional , I can make myself fake . Kent . Do something . Kent ! Oh . Natasha . Aah ! I 've been out of the flesh game for a while , but I don 't recall , that 's how you do that . Hold on , baby . I gotta work . Really , though . Something 's happening . Ship detected , Captain . I 'm the captain again . Oh really ? When did that happen ? It 's just understood . Well , what 's he doing ? Stewart , you should know . He 's your boyfriend . Shut up . I haven 't had a boyfriend in years . Wait . I think he 's heading towards the ripple . The , the alien 's going to Earth . Oh my god . I just triggered an alien attack on humanity . You work hard . You get good grades . You eat right . And then you trigger an alien attack on humanity . Hey , hey , hey . Hey . You didn 't trigger crap , okay ? That alien 's not even a murderer . He 's just a asshole . So he goes to Earth . Who cares ? I mean , Earth is filled with assholes anyway . Dude , that 's your home . Shh . Hey , if anyone 's to blame , it 's Stewart and not you , okay . You 're great , you 're smart , you , you 're strong and everybody thinks that . Keep going . What 's your point ? The good stuff about you or the bad stuff about you . I don 't know , both . You 're smart and he 's dumb . Yeah , that 's good . He didn 't even seem interested in us . Why does he wanna go to earth ? I don 't know , there 's a couple of good restaurants . Medical emergency . Can someone please take ' em , just take care of it ! Oh my God , Tina . Patient experiencing mild relapse . Mouth to mouth recitation recommended . Okay , this is it Stewart . First kiss , it 's not a kiss it 's CPR ! Come on it 's not about you , it 's about her , it 's about us . Whatever , first step , here we go . And one into ow , ow . Episode climax detected , beginning output . Oh my god did UMP send a rescue party ? Doesn 't look familiar . It 's another universe , like not ours a third one . Natasha chemical analysis . Oh , that can 't be right . What ? According to our readings , that life form is boron-based , not carbon based . Boron based life ? My God . That must be an incredibly cold universe . No . Kent , when did you get inside the computer ? You do not talk about her like that . Oh ! Whoa ! If we had caught that ripple , we would have been blown to pieces . Even if we weren 't , that place does not look fun . You saved us , Stewart . I guess . We 're alive . The thief got nuked . Exploration awaits . Why so glum , chum ? I was just thinking if we all die out here UMP will never find us . All the stuff we 've gone through , everything we 've seen , everything we 've survived it 'll all mean nothing . It means something , we 're here . We 're together , and that means something . Yeah . And even if we don 't make it , someday , people will know what we did out here . I 've just received a video message from below deck , entitled , season one teaser . What ? Push play . Coming soon , a show that 's really out there . Why am I in your dream , Stewart ? I love you . Put a baby inside me . You know he 's gonna be all over me . Are you talking about the Michael that we know ? I 'm taking control of this ship . Coming soon to a screen near you . Wait , we were being recorded this whole time ? What ? I am scandalized . I am learning about this for the first time . Oh my . Second Officer Newman , have we rectified the readings of hull compromise coming from below deck ? There 's been no loss of atmosphere , Captain . Our theory is that the fallout of the alien vessel . So destruction has scrambled its detection systems . Isn 't that correct ? Navigator ship ? Footage uninteresting . Yep , affirmative . As second officer Micheal , my , my new , Newman just . Crap I mean . I will not be on reality TV and look bad . Pretend you 're capable there 's cameras everywhere . Possible antagonist detected . Lowering shields . Engineer Fletcher , are we all set for departure ? We are , your grace . The cruiser is now operational . It is time for us to explore this new universe , to go where none have been , to acquire knowledge and to share with our fellow people . Agreed , Captain . And nicely put . Thank you , Captain . Shall we ? Past the moon . Past Mars . Let us sail to the star . Look who I found downstairs . Hey . Funny story . You 're gonna love this . I 'm being hunted , which means you are being hunted . So , we should go . Now , Yahoo !
