 Yahoo ! Contents , mango , yogurt , ice , Skittles . Yum . Can I continue now please ? You 've been completely silent up until this point . Thank you . Okay , looks like the ore 's been processed . We 're all fueled up , ready to go . Nice . Things are really looking up , Zalian . Humans and robots living together in harmony . Space is a beautiful shade of green . And , for the first time since we got here , we are completely functional . Fuel , shields , and food . Captain . Are you requesting that I play the song Fuel , Shields , and Food by all country bad girl Bailey May Chapin ? No , no , no . I was just saying that since . Actually , yeah . Let 's hear some of that . Sorry buddy , I don 't mean to be rude but all I need is fuel , shields , and food . I 'll flip you over put your face to the ground . Oh , just the chorus , thanks . The verses aren 't really work appropriate . Captain , I also have an update . Mm-hm . Kent and I are very close to finalizing our ripple detection system . Within a day or two , we should have the ability to find possible pathways back to our universe . You and Kent , making magic together . I hope that 's the only thing you 're making . All right guys , I am not trying to kill the buzz here . I am trying to infuse the buzz with a quick presentation . Turbulence preparedness in like 20 slides , 25 tops . Karen we all agreed that we earned a breather for the night . You have gum ? Yeah . I am the creature who houses the gum . Get your own niche . Aw , somebody 's jealous because they 've got that dumb homemade body and I 've got this state of the art , wireless leg . Look at it go . We all just had the chance to speak socially , and I think we can all agree that nobody enjoyed it , so let 's try it my way . Now this is the stance you 're gonna need to take if your ship encounters sudden inertial shifts . Now there are 19 key aspects to this . Okay , I wanna teach you a stance where you learn to unclench your tight . Ugh . Zalian , you okay ? Yeah . Static electricity . I had to check . Come on man . I think I know what happened . We just got struck by lightning in the middle of space . It , it must have something to do with this green glow . Natasha , I need a report on hull damage . Also , a diagnosis of our shield strength and an estimate of the likelihood of further strikes . Natasha ! Aw that 's new . 19 . Act . Me . Oh . Keep it lowered . Excuse me , someone . All right Art , you 're gonna be okay , all right ? This is my comforting voice . Now , I need you to turn off all your sensory inputs and take a deep breath . I don 't breath you insensitive ow ! Mm . Thank you . Mm . Now , as I was saying , Karen , you insensitive . All right , Tina , looks like you 're okay . What the hell happened to her ? Emergency mode turned off all non-essential body mods including translators , artificial limbs , and corneal implants . Tina doesn 't actually speak English . She 's from unincorporated Uzbekistan . Grotesque . They can 't possibly think that 's an acceptable way to talk . Michael , go get a can of our dry rations . But , my leg 's off . Then crawl . Yes , ma 'am . Art , go check our atmosphere levels and make sure we 're not bleeding O2 . Kent , all right , Tina . Go check on him . Mm-hm . Okay . Your lenses are off . Door . Door . Who put that there ? Walk it off . Karen , Michael , anyone ! Why won 't this open ? It 's a security thing . The bridge seals itself off from the rest of the ship in the event of an emergency . You know , I think we could probably gas those guys if you wanted to . I 'm good , thanks . Suit yourself . No shields , no steering , no diagnostics . This ship is basically a floating coffin . Look . Can you activate the reserve generators ? Oh , turn it off . Turn it off now ! Hey , hey , hey . Make up your mind , come on . The lightning is attracted to our power signature . We have to keep everything off until we are clear of this stuff . That 's not going to go over with the rest of the crew . Power is their favorite . We have to tell turn them not to turn anything on . Natasha make , oh , right , our computer is fried . How do we get a message back there ? Heh , I have got an idea . Natasha , really ? You 're rubbing in that you have shoulders for tank tops at a time like this ? Woah , what happened to you ? Oh . Ow . Lightning . Power . Death . We got struck by lightning . Power equals death . Power will kill us . Yes ! Oh . Oh that 's bad . Oh , that 's really fun to solve . Oh , god , I miss Puzzle Club . Smiling spicy tuna hand roll . Karen got the message . Thank god your sister knows her history . Hm , how do you know that 's what that means ? Typical . You kids today don 't know the first thing about emojis . What 's happened to our schools ? Whoa , you 're just gonna free hand that wrench ? That 's the way we did things back in the old days . We had to use our bodies not like you fancy nancies . Oh please . My generation is just as tough as yours . Hey your cup got quiet . Oh I forgot the voice feature is ship powered . You know what ? Eff it , I 'll wing it . No this is crazy . Literally anything could be in there . Oh for crying out loud . What ? I 'm a man . We 're drifting into a more volatile region . Even in emergency power levels you might get hit . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . We 're not gonna go that way . Can 't control which way we 're going Zalian . The nav computer is down . We can 't steer . Yes , we can . You 're gonna fly this ship manually . That 's the spirit . All right , the last person to sit where you 're sitting is the man himself , Captain Tucker Legs Lagrange . 38 years ago today . What 's today ? I dont know . What am I ? A calendar . Are you going to do this or what ? Right . Okay , well I did grow up playing a VR flyer with a physical controller . I was pretty good at it . Beat all my mom 's friends , except Grady . Oh well you better get moving cuz we 've got some debris coming in at 8 o 'clock . What debris ? Holy . Oh that was incredible . Did you see that ? The ship physically moved based on how I moved my hands . You see ? Now you 're getting it . You know , back in the old days that 's how vehicles worked . You know I drove a car once ? You 're a maniac . Hey , Kent okay ? Listen up everybody , there 's a lightning storm out there that could splatter us all to pieces . So , until we are clear of it , no use of any power . Hi . Hi . Sorry , but we 're already outputting power . But we 're only at nine percent capacity in emergency mode which is apparently low enough to avoid another strike . Splendid , I 'll start the celebratory light show . No , Art . We are still at risk here everybody . We don 't know how much power it will take for us to get hit again so we have to be smart . No nonessential usage . No translators . No corneal upgrades . And no legs . We 're on it . Thank you . Crisis mode feels so good . Natasha . Greetings . You 'll have to pardon my swollen appearance . I awaken from every nap awash in hormones and fluids . To wit . Aah ! I cannot embrace you . You neither have a corporeal form nor the dimension of breath . Are you not aware of your own limitations ? Shall I itemize them ? Now you 're crying . Very loud . Too loud . Your mainframe must be damaged . I shall inspect your programming but first I feel a headache looming . I must medicate . The rattling pill pacifies the woman . Yes . She likes the rattle . Marvel at the rattling you fool . Exquisite . What the hell are you people doing ? I thought we agreed we wouldn 't turn anything on . Well , you said you didn 't know how much power would get us in danger so I booted up big daddy and nothing bad happened . If anything we 're good . Woo . We 're real good . We are not good Michael , you just put all at risk for one stupid left leg . Hey I 'm not the only one who started using , we all did . Sure , Michael . Tina , you turned your translator back on ? Oh , come on , you can 't even fake your own native language . I forget what it sounds like when auto translate 's back on . It is really scary not being able to communicate with people . Language is like the left leg of the brain . Hm . How very true . Cheers . What the hell are you doing ? Nothing really I just didn 't want these flesh bags using more power than me . God , is it too much to ask for a little discipline around here . We are stuck in the middle of a lightening storm in space and we could be struck again at any moment . Karen , we 're all feeling a little crisised out . Things may be bad but they feel fine , and isn 't that what really matters ? Yeah , we can 't let a little lightning storm change the way we live Karen . Oh yeah . We dancing with a light show speaking English , go Art . Go Art . He 's a billionaire . He 's a billionaire . She 's still non-responsive ? No , she 's in time out . Natasha 's neural network regenerates quickly when given educational input . Our work together has advanced her to the intelligence level of a three year old . A three year old . Who can 't stop using potty language . Potty . Poop . Ignore her . I can 't ignore her . I need her to do something for me . Natasha , go see what 's happening on the bridge . Karen . What do we say ? Thank you . The magic words . Natasha ? Mm-hm ? Please go see what 's happening on the bridge . Thank you . Why ? Because I asked you to , all right ? Why ? Because it 's one of your duties . You said doody . You stepped in that one . Please tell me you have not used our discretionary power on her yet . No , of course not . You do know there 's a lightning storm out there , right ? At least somebody around here knows how to stay disciplined in a crisis . These people only listen if danger is literally staring them in the face . Your use the word literally disgusts me . Well maybe I would speak better if I wasn 't under so much stress . If I weren 't under so much stress . It 's subjunctive mood , for crying out loud . Do I have to teach you rudimentary English too ? Yes ? She 's shy . Very well child , you may whisper it to me . I see . Yes . Stewart wishes to test the manual controls , as such , he advises us all to strap in because the ship will be shaking violently in five minutes . We should tell the others . She just told you all that . I 'm summarizing somewhat . Oh my god ! Oh crap . Oh , get it , you ! Stewart needs to run a test of , are you serious ? Oh we 're just looking at the spaceship excuse . I really am not quick on my feet . Wait , what is happening , you said Stewart is doing a test of something ? Yeah , but I was just joking , it was just a joke . What , what 's happening ? I just do it ! Woo hoo , I 'm moving the ship , me ! Nope , definitely a lightning strike . Must be all that power people are using . Pull it out , pull it out ! It 's not coming out . Well , then push it in ! What ? I don 't understand , I thought we were low enough ! Guess not . How low do we have to go ? It 's hard to say , but the lower the better . Stay vigilant . Stay afraid . There 's no way that 's natural . It looks like it 's from a ship , whether man made or - . Kid made . Or , different train of thought , I was thinking it could be aliens . This could be the first solid proof of alien life since your old crew found that meteorite . Oh man , don 't get me started . It was crazy . Our retrieval bot is broken . So Lagrange barricades himself in the airlock and takes his bare hand , pushes it through the god damn window and bang . Next thing you know , history is made . Like the very first extra solar tardigrade . That 's what I 'm talking about , man . Taking risks , you know , thinking on the fly . None of this coddling and comfort , in fact . Oh ho ! From now on I 'm going to drink whatever from wherever . Hell yeah . Except dairy . Natasha , do you have a message , or ? Wait , just . Okay , so Ken wants to know when we can do power again . Well the lighting field is starting to thin out . I bet we could go any time you want . Right . Of course , we could follow this trail of debris to the source . Discover a bunch of awesome stuff , be the coolest people ever , then exit the field . Oh you guys are boring . When can I do power again ? Natasha , my cute little baby girl , tell the crew it 's gonna be a while . We have something we have to do . Mm . This is messed up . I was okay with making a few sacrifices when it was only affecting you guys . But if I 'm not allowed to spin and flail , I don 't even know why I 'm here ! You wanna die ? You think this your time to go ? Maybe it is . I 'm not gonna to pretend to know that answer . But what I do know , I do know that I don 't wanna die . Like at , like at all . Hey ! Lower the better . Wow . Loving the new attitude , guys . What 's going on ? Are we safe ? That 's what I was coming to tell you . Stewart said we 'll be stuck in this lightning field for as long as it takes me to get some work done . So keep on keeping it lower . Thanks . Hey , we need to talk . So you know you must have learned some English before your country got auto translate , so if you focus and focus hard , I know you can understand me . Okay , we talk . Good . We 're still not safe . There is still power everywhere . We need to turn off more . Word is , Natasha 's a vegetable . I saw we pull the plug . Temporarily . We can always plug her back in if we want to . We should take that electronic welfare queen off the dole . Art has a point . Anybody using power probably should go . That tickles . Good morning Art . Oh screw you . But I get it . Now we end Natasha ? Yes . I want to go back to hotel . I say right ? Mm-hm . What do you think it is ? I don 't know but whatever it is it 's not human . Man , proof of alien civilization at formula . Lagrange 's gonna see us now . Hey , did I ever tell you about the mirror manuever ? No . Sounds amazing . Hit me with it . Alright , so we pick up this French couple off Muir , right ? Huh . Hard bodies , late 20 's , a couple of real smoke shows , right ? And we all go out in an international vacuum . You know , free of any of the usual restrictions . That 's when Lagrange them on the bridge like right in front of us . And that 's when Lagrange jumps up and them like a couple of surf boards . They were so scared . Oh Zalian , I have to say that is a horrible story . And I don 't see how it connects to space exploration or subtly teaches me a lesson on leadership . Well , it 's not meant to . We 're just a couple of buds shooting the . Hey , did I ever tell you about the Europa donkey show ? I can 't believe I let you convince me to go in this way . Yeah , I would have never gone this way , it seems extremely dangerous . To the success of the voyage it is right for a whaling captain to jeopardize that life in the act of perils of the chase . Can we stop ? No , Natasha . Please continue , your elocution is stellar . Irregardless , whales and books don 't even exist anymore . So , I 'm not going to need to know any of this and I 'm bored . That is welcome news . Boredom is one of the core emotional states of an adult . You 're becoming your grown up self again . Yeah . Because my grown up me is so great . She is . Grown up you is , well , one of the finest women I 've ever known . In fact I. What are you two doing here ? We 're here to turn off your girl . Do you know how much pain a full shutdown would cause her ? If he dies , he dies . Do you want , I will fight you to my last breath . And I have breathing holes everywhere . Oh , Kent , they 're gonna kill you ! Then so be it . The fact that I 've survived this long is a disgusting miracle . I would die for the woman I love . I love you . Ew , gross . Always stupid . Poor timing . What are you guys doing ? And who murdered Art , I thought we all agreed it wasn 't funny any more . We fixed him . Lower the better , just like you said . We 're not going to hold on here much longer . Any thin spots ? Nothing yet . Oh , there is something over there . Oh my god , it 's moving . There 's somebody over there ! Oh . In lamer news , I think I spotted an exit route over that way . You gonna decide ? Cuz I wouldn 't wanna be you right now . Oh , really ? I 'm not you , am I ? No , you 're you , I 'm me . Yeah , but that 's really a binary thing , I see it as more of a spectrum . Guys listen to me , there was no second lightning strike , all right it was just Stewart running some exercises . You dont have to make up these stories , this is how we live now . In the darkness . Unless of course , you 've forgotten your own teachings . You haven 't lost your way have you Karen ? Maybe we lower you . You can take those ugly glasses off now , Karen . Oh thanks . Natasha . You are looking well . Thank you . When we returned to full power , I was restored from the last saved version of myself . Very pleased to hear that you are fully functional . Will that be all ? So you probably don 't remember anything from your impaired state . Things that happened to you , things that were said to you ? Are you referring to the moment where you told me that you loved me ? Yes as it happens . I remember it . Capital . Do you love me too by chance ? Yes . Did I not say that ? No . I thought I had . Still a little glitchy . Apologies . No apology necessary . You 've been through a lot . Yes . Yes , so . So you do love me ? What was that ? You do love me ? Yes . Yes I do . You missed it . Yes , I love you and your inability to work the ship . Just leave it . I 'll fix it later . I love you . I love you too . Tonight will be Kent 's and my first encounter since admitting our mutual feelings . Do I look sufficiently attractive ? You 're gonna blow his dark little mind . You look super hot , I promise . Is that a harassment alarm ? No , Natasha , you asked me how you look , this is entrapment . It 's a ripple detection system . We found one , Captain . What ? By my projections , we will have the ability to return to our native universe in less than 72 hours . 72 hours , wow . That 's soon . I 'm detecting ambivalence . It 's just Natasha , there 's so much we still haven 't explored . Well if you think it 's best to conceal this from the others , you just let me know . Captain , computer confidentiality is part of my programming . Hey guys , so here 's the thing . What is it , what 's the thing ? We found a ripple , we 're going home . Yeah . Oh . Oh , yeah . Yeah . We 're dancing , it 's a light show , speak in English . We 're dancing , it 's a light show , speak in English . He 's a billionaire . Yahoo ! Yahoo !
