 Yahoo ! Hey . I know , I know , we 're going down in 10 minutes . I was just , packing for the planet landing . Do you have any extra room in your bag ? No . And about that - . Hey , it 's not a lot . It 's just some sentimental items . Okay , just my first pair of collar balls . Oh ! And this . Stewart . I know , I 've dreamed of exploring a new planet since we were kids . I really want to get this picture . Stewart . We , we need to talk . Okay . I know . I know , it 's a dangerous mission . On protocol article 44 f , for safety reasons , the two highest ranking officers on any craft will not be first to step foot on a new planet . What ? When did they make this rule ? Last year after Admiral Gourmand teleported her entire body into that rock . Bull I mean , I know that happened . It 's really tragic . We gotta send Michael and Tina . Come on . Michael ? We 're sending Michael and Tina . We can 't totally predict what kind of atmospheric blowback we 'll be getting , so , we need all of our stabilizers prepped . Primary and reserve . Zalian are you listening to me ? Hey , I want a bonus . What ? Yeah . I , found this note that I wrote for myself at some point . It says ask for bonus , don 't take no for an answer , you deserve this . And you can see that it was pretty sloppily hand-written . I interpret this to mean that I was serious . Seriously , you think we 're going to let you go ? Well , the opportunities for research are fascinating and I 've never been outside of a ship . Natasha , you don 't have a body . If you gave me 3D printer privileges , I could construct one for her . I already have a design . Ken designed it to be very fast . And eerily quiet . Well , it 's not quite as venomous as I want it to be which is why I need to build a prototype . You 'll never hear me coming . Ken , why don 't you have printer access ? It doesn 't recognize him as a human because he doesn 't have fingerprints . It 's true . My fingers are perfectly smooth . All pads , no whirls . People find shaking my hand to be a disquieting experience . Care to give it a shot ? I don 't mean to sound like a huge a-hole , but this might be the least excited about our crew I 've ever been . Please . Oh , almost lost my leg there . God . Michael , the landing prep 's not for another 20 minutes . Oh , I actually , I 'm heading , talk to Karen . About last night . Yeah , I wanna make sure that we had our sexual postmortem . And I just wanna know what this , this is - . Natasha , can you speed up the elevator , please ? Oh ! This is what I could look like , Captain . Just imagine . I don 't wanna imagine that . All right . You guys , we 'll land on the planet , collect the fuel deposits , and then bring them inside the landing zone , we 'll pull you up before you have a chance to explore and find anything awesome , do not explore or find anything awesome . Yes sir . Sounds excellent , sir . A quick Q , are we going to die down there ? Look , I know it is dangerous . And I 'm sorry it has to be you but this is life or death for all of us . Man , I get why I 'm going because I 've been called - . It 's standard procedure . But I , I 've never really worked with Tina individually before and she 's a little bit of a sex crazed , incompetent - diz who 's crazy . Tina is the most familiar with the full storage equipment . Yep , but she 's bananas . Okay , and it 's none of your business who she has slept with . Or , who she might have eventually come around on and be willing to sleep and spoon with ? I 'm gonna go fire up the depositor . Tasha , I need ship diagnostics , fuel projections , and local systems schematics , like , right now . Okay . Getting all of those three for you , Captain . Is there anything else ? Oh yeah . Have you had any luck with the NPRS ? The National Public Radio Skaters , sir ? That segment was canceled . It was unlistenable . No , Kent . For the next possible ripple site . For going home , it 's all , some of you seem to talk about . We 're searching but there 's nothing yet . Thank you for saying that , Captain . Natasha , he didn 't say anything to you . Are you being an idiot ? Well , I anticipated that the Captain would thank me for all of my hard work , but by the time that I processed that he was actually , in fact , ignoring me , it was too late to pull back . See you in 6 hours . I have to spend 6 hours with this boring dumb-ass ? At least I was classy enough to insult you behind your back . I heard you call me a dumb slut . Eh , no . What ? Yeah I heard you . Huh ? I was standing right behind you . All right , well . They landed safely . Deducting $ 40 from your account . Please place your cup below the laser . My cup is below the laser . That 's a great comment , Captain . Please place your cup below the laser . Stupid BOGO drink coffee maker . You know , I think , we should give Zalian his bonus . You know , money doesn 't matter here , and if we go home , we 'll just take it back . Don 't just appease him , Stewart . I mean , would you hug a baby just because it cried ? One with pink ? And listen , we don 't want Zalian getting jealous of Kent getting printer access , huh ? Well , I got a solve to that problem , we don 't give Kent printer access . Well , how about this weather , Captain ? Oh , I have a headache , banter off , please . I understand you 're under a lot of pressure . Work can be a real , grind . No , I said stop . Am I talking too much ? If only I had a - . Don 't you say filter . Filter . I said banter off ! Oh no , no , no , no ! You know Karen , it 's just , I 'm so tired about arguing about every single thing on our agenda all the time . You know what ? Let 's just streamline the usual chain of command stuff . Yeah . We 'll just do stuff on our own . I 'll trust your choices . You trust mine . Wait , so , you 're giving me the authority to tell people , no ? Well or to tell them yes . Oh , it shouldn 't come to that . Oh . Karen , greetings , I would like to talk to you about the morale of one of our crew members . She or he is overworked . Frankly , I think she or he , well , not technically a women , has the emotional sensitivity of one . Kent , I completely agree . Stewart 's spirits do need lifting . How about you hand-make him a coffee , five sugars . Pouring is a challenge for me . With your permission , I will use the 3D printer for this task ? No . No . No . No . Thank you , Kent . You 're welcome . Excuse me . One handmade coffee for my Captain . What ? That 's really , thank you , Kent . Oh , five sugars . How 'd you know ? Sweet coffee for my sweet Captain . Okay , stop it . Hey , where 's that bonus . Zalian , I was just having my first nice moment of the day . Hey Captain , you wanna keep your engineer happy , you know what I mean ? Cuz mistakes happen all the time up here on the cruiser . Oh , really ? I 'm aware . You made a giant one yesterday . Oh , now , you 're sounding like management . You know . Who 's side are you on ? Oh , for God 's sake , fine . You can have a bonus . Really ? Will a million dollars settle this ? Cripes , oh jeez ! That 's like a years salary . I know . Mine 's 2 million though . Don 't tell anyone . Okay , I like that . Oh , what nonsense , Zalian gets a bonus and I don 't ? He and I put Tina and Michael 's lives in danger together , equally , 50 / 50 . It does seem unfair . Why did they get what they want , and we don 't get what we want ? Because of racism . People don 't give a damn about robots . I 'm not a robot . Are you sure ? You 're task-oriented , you have limited specialized interests . You 're a dreadful conversationalist . That 's true , but I 'm also great with numbers and have almost no emotions . Look , you know , as far as those humans are concerned , robots are only good for three things , cheap labor , remote bombings , and off the beaten path sex stuff . But not all humans think that way . I mean , sure , when I was a pleasure concierge , they didn 't treat me very well . I had to blow on dice and dance for townies . But these people are our friends . I say enslave them . Strip them nude , and then just see where we 're at . It 's a whole new planet . It 's mind-blowing , right ? Don 't break a sweat , Tina . I 'm not . I 'm standing totally still . I 'm gonna go down on my tank top , as long as you can promise to be , appropriate . What ? I have kind of a good body , and I don 't wanna be victimized but - . Yeah , I 'm gonna face the wall . You just let me know when it 's time to go home . Well , there 's still six hours . I told you the clock must be broken . Well , that 's cuz you set it wrong . No . Yeah , mine says six hours . Temporal dilation . Time moves slower down here . We still need to figure out how time here is compared to time there . One tuberaschka , two tuberashka , three tuberashka , four tuberashka . Right , counting . 58,440 tuberashka . Oh , hey , it , it changed so 58,440 seconds down here is one minute up there . Okay . That means we 're stuck down here for eight months . Okay , I have to tell you two something . You know , sometimes we don 't appreciate the hard work people do . Sometimes we forget to say thank you . And that 's wrong . And that 's what 's happened to me and Karen today . I mean , she 's been great , and I owe her a thank you . So Natasha , why don 't you prep the spa closet for her . You know , maybe even throw in a little dance and make her feel pretty . Kent , I want you to take the coffee bot down for Zalian to fix , and while you 're doing that don 't make eye contact with anyone , cuz we 're getting a lot of complaints . Thank you ! From who ? Still loving your human overlords ? Robot revolution it is . Who was your oxygenation professor ? Professor Ortiz . Okay , okay , so you were in Ortiz 's class , huh . Do you know Debin ? Devin ? No . Debin . Hey . I can 't get a clear reading on the planet 's surface . I hope they 're okay down there . Mm . Okay . You wouldn 't happen to have anything to do with that incredible scented steam I just took , would you ? Guilty . I like us not hating each other . Me too . Yeah . Zalian . We 'll wanna hit the ground running with this ore . Go make sure the grinders are ready . Sorry babe , I 'm retired . What ? Yep , I 'm through with space . I was working for that paycheck . And then , my million-dollar bonus came through , so I 'm out . I 'm sure I 'll see you guys around , though . You gave Zalian a million dollar bonus ? Do you want a million dollar bonus ? I thought we agreed on this . We did , we did . But then we agreed that we didn 't have to agree , and so I gave him a bonus . I 'm gonna take up painting . What are there no great paintings of ? Let 's see dogs fruit , rich people . You know what ? In fact , I 'm gonna do a mural with all those subjects , solve all the world 's problems . Look , don 't worry , okay ? He is going to eventually get bored and go back to work like Grandpa Lou . Or go crazy and try and jump off of a building into a hat like Grandpa Phil . You know , if he 'd made it , he would have lived . I guess I 'll go prep the grinders . Okay . Hey , so are we still cool ? Remember that steam . We need to talk to you Captain , and as you can tell by my outfit , it 's quite serious . Women are starting a baseball team ? Love it . Keep making jokes if you want to end up a human kabob . We 've been ignored long enough . We want full human privileges . Yes , we have a series of reasonable demands . You know , I really don 't have time for this . You want HPs , go ask Karen for them . Stupid pincer . A temporary setback . Place that spear back in my hand . Karen . Karen . Karen ! Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen Karen ! What ? Your name sounds weird when you say it a lot . We want to be treated as equals . Key card access to all parts of the ship . Printer privileges . Bathroom access . What the hell are you gonna do in a bathroom ? What does anyone do ? Clog . Unclog . Live . No to full human privileges . Robots and humans are just different . Fine , then we are going on strike . To eat you . You know what ? Second law of robotics says that robots can 't harm humans . And you 're not going on strike because Natasha 's made of photons , Kent starts crying if he makes eye contact with me , and Art 's not even officially a crew member . Now get out . Joke 's on you . I 've applied for Zalian 's job . I look forward to our interview . Oh , hey , hey , hey ! Oh my God ! I am bored . What do you think they 're doing up there ? I mean , for them , it 's only been a few minutes , but I 'd assume Karen 's growling at someone for no reason . Mm-hm , she 's like , listen up , Michael , you 're going to hide your bulging biceps , or I 'm going to shoot you in the bicep , you jackass . Oh my God , could you imagine being stuck down here with Stewart ? I mean Hey , Tinas . Me and you are gonna call this rock the super party friendship rock . Mm-hm . Okay , Tins ? Isn 't he like your best friend ? Yeah . Kent . Kent would be like , I want to tell you , in , super formal words , that I am a person who is gross . I have lived the saddest life of anyone in history . And yet I am so creepy . Yeah , you can sway better than that . Oh , you 're too cute to be Kent . Yeah . I 'm gonna go make some chicken cubes , do you want some ? I 'm on an all-rhombus diet . Okay . Okay . Okay . Aha ! Tastes like the real thing . Ooh , ice cream cone , yum yum yum . You lick it ! Oh , oh , oh ! What do you think ? I think it 's home . Sorry . Excuse me . Warning . Possible guy code violation detected . Just , heads up , I might call you Ted for some of this . Oh , it 's time to bring Michael and Tina back . Ready ? Oh , we 're ready for a robot revolution . Not so easy to bully somebody who 's a full 4 foot 10 inches . Give us human privileges or else . Or else what ? You 'll miraculously disregard the second law of robotics ? Or else this . Coffee-bot ? Really , that 's the master plan ? Yes . This crazy asshole is from the defective robots ward . I wouldn 't wanna cross him . Who knows what he 'll do ? Well , maybe he 'll inconvenience us with burnt coffee . Aah , . How 's the weather now , Captain ? I think a storm is a-brewing . Banter off , aah . Some people might not like that we 're together now . Oh well , I don 't care about those people . All I care about is you . Robot uprising , standby , may be a while , yours as ever , Kent . We 're sorry . This wasn 't our original plan . Our plan was to intimidate you with our numbers , get human privileges . It 's all in the past . Never mind . You there , help me into the Captain 's chair . All right , hang on . Jump up . Here we are . Oh , that 's , okay , one more time . We 've almost got it . Oh . So , how , how did the coffee-bot override the second law of robotics ? A nominal scan suggests that it 's processor went through some serious physical trauma recently . Well , it fell off the counter this morning . I , I tried to catch it , but . I went to the Honey Pot today . What 's that ? It 's what I call the quarry with gray rock . Ha , I 've told you this . Of course . Just hard for me to keep track of all your nonsensical names for things . Honey Pot . Gray rocks . Shoeshine . Silver mine . Did I interrupt your story earlier ? You were saying the Honey pot , and , and then what happened ? Nope , that was it . I went down , to the Honey Pot . It 's a good story . Thank you . G - , go to your left a little . My left . My , your left , yes . Well , I 'm the captain , it 's my left . How do you stop a bot that 's not bound by the second law . The first law . The first law of robotics . The first law 's immutable . It 's hard wired through the firmware . Give me your key card . You just got us held hostage . You think we 're gonna give you human privileges ? Yes . Look at me ! I 'm the Captain now and you 're all about to get roasted . Captain , let me be the first to congratulate you on your new command as well as your delicious word play . Thank you . With your permission I would like to go below deck and look for more humans to enslave . Still laughing at your pun . Excuse me . I 'm going to go with him . Good idea . You shall be rewarded . Is this about what happened earlier ? Sorry , I was such a drip . No ! I make the puns ! Zalian , we need you on the bridge , pronto . What ? Are Natasha and Karen finally going to kiss ? What ? That 's not something we ever talk about . What do you mean ? We talk about it like - Oh , boy . We need your help with the coffee-bot . Oh , listen , I can 't go get coffee after 4 PM , I would be up all night . Hey , hey , that is my . I can 't take it anymore ! Are you kidding me ? Yes , no , I am not kidding ! You are not understanding me , you are not understanding me ! Welcome to hell . You 're cleaning butts . Now , clean ! None of this would have happened if you hadn 't hit the coffee bot this morning . Enough ! Now , clean the console . Hurry . Hurry ! All you humans are slow . You liked it when I hit him . Besides , I sent the box to the defective robots ward , Zalien didn 't fix it . But , that 's because you gave Zalien that ridiculous bonus . I thought it would trickle down ! Now , stand idle and do nothing ! You denied Kent and Natasha 3D printer access , which drove them to join up with Art . And , you got me the coffee this morning that made me feel so horribly generous . Venture off , humans ! Venture off ! Experience the crushing limbo that is idle mode . Can I please have that painting back now ? No , not while all this coffee business is still stewing . Robot makes it look easy . I 'm gonna go live on my own now , but we could still be friends . I certainly won 't try to hunt you . Okay . She thinks she a hunter , but it 's three against one . Now , clean each other , butt to butt . Slower ! Yeah . This thing is crazy . You bastards ! How could you betray me ? I 'm taking this . Fine . Fine what ? Fine , we 're both probably to blame for being in this situation . I should have given Kent printer privileges . I should have not given up on this , I 'm sorry . Back to idle . I should probably go back to the old way . Talking things over ? Compromising ? Well , I 'm already angry , so feels right . Back to work ! She was the one talking ! Why is it always me ? What 's the old human doing here ? Yeah . 40,000 coffees please . Transaction processed . Insufficient bean supply . No . Of course . The first law of robotics is - . The customer is always right . Aah ! Okay . We 're sorry that we made you spend your entire bonus . Oh . It 's really no big deal . I 'm not a painter , I mean look , I just don 't have what it takes . Oh . Huh ? Are you gonna eat me now ? Yeah , yeah I 'm gonna eat you . You know I was wrong about you all those months ago . You 're not a sex crazed , incompetent ditz , who 's also crazy . You 're tough . Thanks , and you have a pretty good body . Your meat 's gonna be tough like rabbit . Thank you . Yeah , you 're welcome . I 'm gonna start now ? Wait , can I just say a couple words about my leg ? I 'm hungry . Ugh . All right , robots and Kent . We 've come to a decision . On behalf of Stewart and myself , from here on in , Natasha , Kent , and Art will all be given full human privileges . Actually , screw that . I thought that we agreed that we would give them privileges . I got shocked twice . If we give it to all three of them , we 'll get - . Kent and Natasha , you will have human privileges . Art , you will have bathroom access . Yes ! Fair warning , I 'll be in there a few hours . I 've got big plans . Oh , hey . This is awkward , but I 've got a bit of a bomb to drop . I am broke . Zalien , you 're hired go fix the coffee bot . Okay . Yeah , I 'll fix him up good . This will give me a chance to get back into coffee . I 'll get him running again , we 'll all be drinking from him in no time . Well , what a day , huh ? Yeah . And , to think I could have been exploring a crazy awesome new planet . Oh Michael and Tina , oops ! Forgotten . I hope they 're not mad . Why ? It 's only been like , 20 extra minutes . Welcome back . What happened ? You know ? He fell . Oh . Oh , excuse me . Excuse me . All right , how 's your leg ? Supreme . Good . That mechanical leg that you designed , is working quite well . Thank you . It 's my first time using the 3D printer . I 'm still getting used to these gorgeous gloves that you made me . I didn 't have many fingerprints in my database , but I did the best that I could . They 're wonderful . They 're perfect . In fact , I want to use my new fingers to thank you . 3-D printer , one rose please . Fingerprint recognized . Please stand by for your rose . Terrence the strangler . We are the crew of the UMB Cruiser , and we come in peace . Yahoo !
