 Claire : Previously ... I can draw up a petition of complaint , Accusing randall of crimes against the scottish people . If you can convince the duke of sandringham To deliver that document It could lead to a court martial for black jack . It 's quite simple . Make free of your body , and there will be no second flogging . I couldn 't do it . Are we raiding the chisolms today ? I could do with a tall , strong scotsman . I 'll ride with you . Where is jamie ? Macquarrie was wounded . Jamie wouldn 't leave him behind . Claire : I knew full well if I had any hope of finding jamie I 'd need help . I 've news of jamie . He 's in wentworth prison , condemned to hang . We have to hurry . I 'll not force any of my men To go to their deaths . But I 'll not stand in the way of any that choose to go . ( folk music playing ) ( grunts ) ( crack ) Macquarrie : I have to look on the bright side , fraser . ( man groans ) Nothing like being hung to make your tossel Stand up solid as an oak . Jamie : Seems it 's a little late to be brandishing iron , does it not ? Macquarrie : Ah , it takes the edge off of dying , Knowing that when my neck snaps I 'll be discharging my juice like a cannon blast . I heard tell , all that happens is ye shit yerself . Well , so much for me trying to cheer up a condemned man . Ye 've got an awful dark view of the world , fraser . Lachlan fife . ( rope creaks ) ( crow squawks ) Jamie : When they come to get ye , I 'll wrap my chain around their necks . Ye grab his musket . They 'll shoot us down like dogs . Not dogs . Men . Is it the rope ye 're afraid of ? No . What grieves me is to think my wife will never forgive me For foolishly getting myself hung . Aye . Nothing like a wife to make a man feel disquieted at his own death . For me , I always knew I was fated to dangle from the end of a rope , So I made sure to leave none behind to mourn for me . ( grunts ) ( choking ) Truth be told , I 'm not looking forward to it much myself . Lieutenant : Taran macquarrie . I 'm not gonna let these bastards see it . I 've got one regret , fraser . What would that be , mr . Macquarrie ? Well , that I 'll be climbing those stairs before you . Other way around , you could 've put in a good word for me with st . Peter . ( scoffs ) To think my last view of the world Will be a bunch of ill-faured , pasty-face englishmen . My only regret is that I wasted my life as a common thief , Rather than a patriot serving my country fighting against you lot . To the devil with England and god bless king ... ( choking ) James fraser . ( choking and straining ) ( yells ) ( macquarrie coughing ) ( sighs ) ( hoofbeats approaching ) Randall : Stop ! Stop the executions ! ( whispering ) I 'm on the king 's business . Take that man down and put him in a cell . ( sighs ) Remove the rope ! Prison officer : Escort the prisoner to one of the dungeon cells . Lieutenant : Rory macneil . ( grunts ) Jailor : You must suffer from dodgy eyesight , mate . That wall is solid stone . In 20 years , you might get that bolt loose Except you ain 't got 20 years . Compliments of captain jonathan randall , esquire . Must be good to have a friend of means . ( scoffs ) If you 're smart , you 'll eat a hearty meal , have a wash And your luck can change at any minute , boyo . ( grunts ) Sir fletcher : Fraser , james . And you say you know the prisoner ? Yes , that 's right . Close relation ? Not particularly . A family connection . I hardly know the man , really . I should think not . An englishwoman of fine breeding and a common scottish criminal . Ah . Here we are . It appears he 's been granted a temporary stay of execution . At least for a little while . Stroke of luck , I suppose . When was the last time You were in contact with this individual ? Many years . Old as the connection may be , I felt it a kind gesture to come visit . My christian duty . I 'm sure you can understand . I could tell you 're a christian woman the moment you entered . May I see him , sir fletcher ? I should like nothing better than to help you , mrs . Beauchamp . Unfortunately , I cannot allow it . If something were to happen , I would never forgive myself . I understand your position , sir fletcher . I do . But this man comes from good people . How sad that a young man in this situation Would be estranged from his family . If he wished to write a letter to them of reconciliation , I would be pleased to deliver it to his mother . You are thoughtfulness itself , my dear . One moment , madam . ( takes a shaky breath ) ( footsteps approaching ) I don 't believe a letter Directly from the convict would be appropriate . However , this may give the family solace . The prisoner 's personal effects . Customarily , we send them on to whomever the prisoner designates As next of kin after execution . Perhaps , you could take it to them . I 'd be happy to . Well , then , I believe the lord Will smile upon you for this good deed . ( gasping ) ( vomits ) ( gasps ) Up you get , lass . Up you get . ( grunts ) ( dice rattling ) Ooh ... ( all laughing ) Bastard ! Bastard ! Five in a row ? Man : Come on . It 's me now . You rigging this ? Put your money in . ( indistinct chatter ) ( dice shaking in cup ) ( all laughing ) Angus : Aye , you 've got the luck of the devil , you bastard ! I 've a few coins left . Would you listen to those two donkeys ? Jamie 's facing a neck stretching And all they care about is rolling double sixes . I didn 't realize jamie 's fate meant so little to them . Don 't despair , mistress . The boys here prised you out of fort william right under Black jack randall 's very nose . And that was no easy task . Easier than this . A fort 's only there to keep people out . A prison 's there to keep people in . And what of it ? I was only stating a fact , mistress . All : Cheers ! Murtagh : The next round is on the two of you . And the one after that . Think again . We 're skint . ( both giggle ) You seem awfully cheery about it . Well , it 's who we lost to that has us grinning . They need to know . By all means , tell them . What , me ? No , I think it should be you . You lost more . Aye , but you ... ( both laughing ) Aye , but you kept ordering more ale . Kept their throats well lubricated , you did . Sober up and speak yer piece . Oh , ho . While you three were sitting here looking glum , We were losing our coin to two ... Not one , but two Wentworth jailers . ( giggling ) ( jingles coins in bag ) ( both giggling ) ( door closes ) Those men work at the prison ? What did you learn ? Anything useful ? Aye , I believe so . The warden ... What 's his name ? Sir fletcher . The very man . Aye . He insists on having his evening meal in private . After which , he reads his bible . Every day , 25 minutes of quiet reflection . Introspection . Self-examination . And ? Dinna be glaikit . The man 's away from his office for a full hour . Go on . Isn 't that enough ? Hmm ? Yes . I believe it is . ( jamie grunts ) " who so pulleth out this sword of this stone and anvil " is right-wise king born of all britain . " ( snaps ) I wondered when ye 'd show yerself . Expected ye to come alone . Randall : Marley ? Not much in the way of intellect But impressively brutal when given the opportunity . I apologize for the prison commissary , But I see you managed well enough . Good for you . So , You couldn 't keep out of prison long enough To hear if your pardon had been granted or not . Your petition of complaint against me ? Surely , you haven 't forgotten . You recognize this ? Of course , you do . I 'm afraid that the duke of sandringham likes to talk . Especially when he drinks . Certain mutual acquaintances passed his words along to me and ... Well , we spoke . It certainly is a most extraordinary document . Er ... Well , a complete blackening of my character . If presented to the court of sessions , I would wager that they would find in your favor , and , well ... ( chuckles ) I 'd hate to think what would happen to me . Might be me up on that gibbet instead of you . ( inhales ) Here to see sir fletcher . He 's expecting us . Redcoat : Right this way , ma 'am . Sir fletcher didn 't mention naught to me about having you back here , Nor about any letter to pass along . Are you implying that sir fletcher lied to me About mr . Fraser being allowed to write a letter to his family ? Didn 't say anything about lying . Then perhaps , you should ask him yourself . Sir fletcher is indisposed at present . Must I remind ye , ye 're speaking to a lady ? Begging your pardon , madam . It 's not often quality Such as yourself visits this muck heap . Until sir fletcher returns , you can wait here , But don 't go wandering . Ain 't a safe place for the fairer sex . Your concern for my welfare is duly noted . Perhaps you would like to wait with me ? I suspect you 've been on your feet for most of your shift . Would you like to take a seat ? ( clears throat ) Are you trying to get me discharged ? I 've got my duties to perform . Of course . My apologies . Be at ease . I promise I shan 't leave this room . And besides , I have my manservant here to protect me , Should I be in need of such . And who 's gonna protect him ? ( chuckles ) You 're a bold lass , asking him to stay . I was afraid if I didn 't , He might have come up with it himself . We have to find keys and a map to this godforsaken place . Randall : May I call you jamie ? I care not . But if ye 're expecting me to beg for my life , You 'll be sorely disappointed . No , that would be a waste of both our time . I am unable to save you now , even if I wished to . Our time together here is but a momentary reprieve . Well , dinna bother . I prefer the noose to yer company . Is that true ? Why ? Do I make you uncomfortable ? Do I haunt your dreams since fort william ? When you awaken in the middle of the night , Shaken and sweating , Is it my face you see looming in the darkness ? Tell me . When you lie upon your wife And her hands trace the scars on your back , Do you ever think of me And soften ? What is it you want from me , randall ? I want you to admit the truth to yourself . And what would that be ? That you escaped fort william But you did not escape me . Surrender this pride that you hide behind And admit that even now , you 're terrified . Admit it . Admit that one simple thing and I will give you something in return . A final gift . A gift ? The noose Is such an ignoble ending . Give me what I ask And I will give you the death that you deserve . Clean , honorable And of your own choosing . You could have a roman death . You could fall on your sword like brutus . Or maybe a greek demise . Socrates took hemlock . No . Perhaps you do not want to see my face at the end . I understand . I can simply slit your throat from behind . It 's messy , but ... The choice is yours . How will I ever choose ? But choose you must . First , you must give me your surrender . Make no mistake . I will have your surrender before you leave this world . Claire , we 've looked all over . There 's no map . Well , what good are keys If we don 't know where he 's being held ? Lass , we don 't have the time . I just need a few more minutes ! Head jailor : Thought I 'd check in on you , mrs . Beauchamp , Make sure you 're ... ( grunts ) Tie him up and hide him somewhere . With a bit of luck , I 'll be able to find jamie Before the alarm is sounded . Wait for me . I 'll come with you . No . If I get caught , I can say that You quarreled with the jailor and I fled for help . Well , what will I tell them at the gate ? Tell them that I sent you out to get a gift for sir fletcher . Remember , you work for an englishwoman of noble birth . And you remember , ye 've got less than an hour before sir fletcher returns . Meet me in the woods behind the prison . We 'll be waiting for you . Good luck to you , too , lass . ( indistinct talking ) Man : But if you two can 't give it a rest ... Man 2 : Not likely , boyo . Man : As you were . ( panting ) ( coughing ) Jamie ? Man : Who 's there ? Are you there ? I 'll be yer jamie , lass , come and get me . ( all laughing ) Man : Let us out , lass . Wait , come back . Jamie ? ( prisoners coughing ) Jamie ! Does anyone know where I would find jamie fraser ? ( speaking other language ) Not in here . Try down below . That 's where they keep those of us that hanging 's too good for . Thank you . All right . I won 't surrender . To you Or any man . I have to admit , There is a part of me that would be crestfallen if you did . You know that every man can be broken . It 's truly nothing to be ashamed of . Will you show me your back ? If it 'll stop yer talking . Hmm . May I ? You 're the broken one . Ye 're the one that sees my face every night . ( both yelling ) ( grunts ) ( gasps ) ( grunts ) ( laughs ) ( coughing ) ( grunts ) ( grunts ) ( coughing ) Idiot . You could have killed him . ( jamie gasps ) Get him up . Do it , dog ! Get him up . ( both groaning ) I truly hoped to spare you the noose . Hold his wrist . Hold his wrist . ( grunts ) Randall : I would lay it flat if I were you . ( breathing heavily ) ( screaming ) ( screaming ) ( panting ) ( jamie screaming ) ( grunts ) Why do you force me to treat you in such an abominable way ? Why do you choose to spend the few hours left to you As a miserable cripple ? Why do you force me to hurt you ? ( grunts ) hmm ? You 're better than this . Wake up . Look at me . Look at me . There . There you are . Mmm-hmm . Yes ... Yes , yes ! ( grunts ) Hey , shh , hey . There you are . Yes . Can you feel that ? ( groans ) No . I 'll kill you . Randall : Can you feel that ? Shh , shh , shh , shh . It 's all right . ( grunts ) I could take you right now . No . I will not give in to coarse passion . ( grunts ) ( whimpers ) If you 'd only stop resisting me I could make this so much easier for you . I 'm here to help you . Don 't fight me . ( door closing ) ( panting ) Jamie ? Jamie . Claire , how did you ... You must leave . Randall will be coming back soon . Randall is here ? My god . What has he done to you ? Do not fash , sassenach . But you must leave . No . Not without you . Talk to me , jamie . Wake up . Jamie ? You must stay awake . We 're going to walk out of here together . Stay with me . ( grunts ) Randall : You truly have a gift For showing up at the most unexpected times . You beast . You can do better than that . You fucking sadistic piece of shit . ( yells ) I should have slit your throat When you were laying unconscious at fort william . Yes . I 'm afraid you will come to regret that small act of humanity . ( yelling ) You 're no coward . I will grant you that . You 're a fit match for you husband And I cannot give you a better compliment than that . The sweat of exertion . Bravo . Redcoat : This way . This door 's open . How dare you interrupt me While I 'm conducting an interrogation ? Begging your pardon , captain , But we have reason to believe that earlier today That woman there was involved in an escape attempt . Randall : Well , now you found her . Congratulations . But since that is the prisoner she had hoped to free , You can see the ... The search can now be called off . Please , you must take me to sir fletcher . He needs to be made aware of what 's going on in here . Please . Will the captain allow us to take the woman into custody ? No . No , he will not . This woman is involved in a rebel plot against his majesty . God save the king . Both : God save the king . You tell you commander I have the situation well in hand . Yes , sir . Now get out . Hmm . ( door closing ) Search her for weapons . ( gasps ) Randall : Me , myself , I 'm not in the mood for cunt today . But I imagine marley here would like to entertain you , Privately , in his quarters . You wouldn 't prefer to watch ? I may have what are called unnatural tastes But I do have some aesthetic principles . ( sighs ) ( sniffs ) hmm . You are a very lovely woman , Shrewish tongue notwithstanding . Do I want to see you with marley ? No . I don 't think I do want to watch that . Right , wake up . Your presence is required . ( yells ) ( grunts ) ( gurgling ) Good christ . ( choking ) ( grunts ) Are you watching ? Stop ! Make me a better offer . Have me . Let her go in safety and you can have me . I won 't struggle . You can do what you wish . ( sobs ) Jamie , no . You have my word . So , it becomes a matter of trust . Your word for mine . Aye . Will you allow me a brief test of your sincerity ? Your hand . Lay it upon the table . No , the ruined one . No ! Don 't do it ! Silence her , or I will . Claire , please . ( grunts ) ( breathing heavily ) No , no ! Claire , no . No . Shh . ( crying ) ( whimpers ) ( jamie screaming ) I haven 't even begun . ( screaming in pain ) Shh . Now kiss me . ( grunting in resistance ) Take her away . We will remember this moment for the rest of our lives . Take her away . ( claire crying ) no . No , no ! No , let me say goodbye ! I can 't leave you . Yes , you will . Do as I say . ( weeping ) I love you , mo nighean donn . I shall return shortly . Walk . I recently heard an extraordinary rumor about you . There was a trial held at cranesmuir . You were accused of being a witch . Yes . Witch I am . And I curse you . I curse you with knowledge , jack randall . I give you the hour Of your death . Jonathan wolverton randall . Born September 3rd , 1705 . Dies ... ( whispers inaudibly ) ( grunts ) ( breathing heavily ) She 's away safe ? Yes . You have my word . ( randall gasps softly ) Randall : It 's a masterpiece . ( sighs ) How does it feel to be alive , Yet wear so much dead flesh ? Shall we begin ? Murtagh ! Willie ! Murtagh ! ( wolves howl in the distance ) Anybody ? ( twig snaps ) ( gasps ) You shut your gab , woman . Ye want to bring the redcoats down on us ? We have to go back for him . Pitch dark and those idlers still haven 't returned . Claire fraser , this is sir marcus macrannoch , A loyal friend to our clan . This is his home we 're sheltering in . Thank you . We could use a loyal friend right now . Tell me , how many men can you muster ? To rescue yer husband from wentworth prison ? Tonight , if possible . Or tomorrow morning at the very latest . None . For it means risking the redcoats coming around afterwards And leveling eldridge house to the ground . No lass , I 'm sorry . Temporary shelter I can offer ye , But I 'll not put my family or myself in jeopardy . I can pay you . I wouldn 't ask your men to risk their lives for nothing . A half dozen or so would give us a fighting chance . A dozen would give us an even better chance . Where did you get these , woman ? Fraser , you say your name was ? That 's right . My husband gave them to me on our wedding night . They 're yours , if you 'll help us . Did he indeed ? Ellen 's son ? Your husband is ellen mackenzie 's son ? Aye , and ye 'd ken it if you saw him . He 's the spit of her . I gave these to ellen mackenzie as a wedding gift . I 've thought of them so often around her bonnie neck . I wonder if she ever thought of me while wearing them . So , they 're yours now . You wear them in good health . I 'd stand a better chance of doing that If you 'd help me get my husband back . Ah , I see . But what I cannot see is how it can be done . I have a wife and three bairns asleep upstairs . I must look to their protection . Aye . I would do a bit for ellen 's lad . But it 's a bit much you ask . Well , that just leaves the five of us . It 'll have to do . Claire : I know how to get us inside . I left the door open at the rear of the prison . An open door is nay a plan , lass . Anyone ? It gives me no pleasure to say such ... Absalom ! Man ! I sent you out at daybreak to bring in 40 head of cattle ! What have you been up to all that time ? Searching ! All bloody day ! Well , ye sure as shite didn 't go thirsty . How many did you bring in ? Absalom : Nineteen . Macrannoch : Nineteen ? Nineteen out of 40 ? What are ye , blind , man ? Is yer nose not working ? Nineteen cattle . ( laughing ) That 's no small number . And what the hell is so funny about 21 missing cattle ? I know how we can save young jamie .
