 [ alarms sounding ] [ computer system ] life support at fifteen percent . [ alarms sounding ] [ alarms sounding ] [ gasps for breath ] [ alarms sounding ] [ alarms sounding ] [ gasps for breath ] [ alarms sounding ] [ alarms sounding ] [ man 1 ] okay ... Okay ... Come on . [ computer system ] life support at thirteen percen . [ grunting ] [ alarms sounding ] [ alarms sounding ] [ computer system ] life support at twelve percent . [ computer system ] restoring life support . [ panting ] what was that for ? [ panting ] you were in the way . [ guns click ] [ man 2 ] who are you ? ! [ both ] i don 't know . Who are you ? I got no idea . ¶ music playing ¶ [ gasps for breath ] [ gasps for breath ] Shake ' n wake , tiny . Shake ' n wake . [ air decompressing ] Who are you ? You don 't remember , do you ? [ man 3 ] no . Well , hell . That makes six of us . What 's going on ? We all woke up , just like you . No memories . No idea who we are or how we got here . [ door dings and opens ] Hey guys , check this out . What is this place ? [ man 1 ] it 's a ship . And looks like we 're dead in space . Systems were down and we were venting atmospher . I was able to get us back on-lie And restore the ship 's auto-repair protocol . How 'd you manage that ? I don 't know exactly . I was standing there at the console and it just Came to me . Well , that 's a good thing . It 'll all come back to us eventually , right ? [ locker opens ] Hey , if anyone 's feeling underdressed ... [ man 1 ] for now , we 've named ourselves By the order we woke up in . I 'm one . She 's two . [ clanging noise ] [ three grunts and growls ] Three . Four . Five Which makes you six . [ clanging noise ] [ three grunts and growls ] [ three ] damn it . We 've got comms . So what do you think ? We the crew of a transport vessel On some sort of long-range haul ? Would explain what we were doing in stasis . Ship gets into trouble . Takes some damage . Systems shut down . When life support hits critical , Hazard protocols kick in and we 're automatically awakened . Wouldn 't explain the memory loss though . Mmm . [ clanging noise ] [ three grunting and growling ] Got it ! So what are we shipping ? Seeds ? Meds ? Better . [ three chuckles ] Who wants ? [ gun clicks ] I don 't think so . Hey ! [ gun clicks ] We 're going to need to check this place out . Let 's pair off . Three you 're with six , one with four , And i 'll be with five . We 'll use these comms to keep in touch , yeah ? Whoa . Oh lordy . [ gun powering up ] Expecting trouble ? Hopin ' . Are you going to fix it ? I 'm gonna try . All i 'm saying is we don 't know How long we 're gonna be stuck here . It 'd make sense to choose a leader , Someone who can make key decisions for the group . Lemme guess . Someone like ... You ? No , not me necessarily , but yeah , somebody who 'll Represent everyone 's best interests . Somebody who 's got final say in case of disagreements . I don 't know . Could be me . Is that what you suggesting ? No . Just between us , if that was the case , I could use a good second in command . Uh-huh ... [ laughing ] Now this is more like it ! I 've got to take this thing for a ride , man . Wonder if i know how to fly this thing . Knock yourself out ! She said " it just came to her " when she was standing At that console , but i did the exact same thing , Trying to figure out what buttons to push , And nothing came to me . How do you figure that ? Hell , how do you figure any of this ? No way of knowing how long we were in those pods . Could 've been days , months , years maybe . Weird thing is it 's not like our minds have been wiped clean . If they had of been , i wouldn 't know what a pod was , or a year , Or even be able to express myself . Language itself would be totally alien to us , right ? You 're about to blow my theory here . This way . Uh , why don 't you lead ? Training room ? Or torture chamber maybe . ¶ ¶ You sure you know how to handle those things ? ¶ ¶ ¶ I 'm going to say , yes . Hello , sweetcakes . [ tapping on glass ] Hey , tiny ! Get over here ! I found something ! Why 's that flashing red ? That 's strange . The ship 's computer just initiated Some sort of security protocol . Ahhhh ! Hey there . [ crashing ] This is six ! We 're under attack ! By who ? ! Under attack by who ? ! We need help , anybody ! We heard , tell us where to go ! I can track your comms . Take the next right . Left at the next intersection ! Agh ! [ crash ] [ bang ] Agh ! Is somebody going to die ? No , not if i can help it . ¶ ¶ Some sort of security protocol 's been activated ! Well override it . I 'm trying ! [ two ] okay , i did it . Is everyone okay ? Yeah , yeah . Took you long enough , doll face . [ scanner sounds ] Guys we found food , who wants ? Kid . Gah ! You sure ? ! Close enough . What 's up with the robot ? Technically , she 's an android . Her bio-synthetic physiology is incredibly similar To that of our ship 's outer hull . That 's fascinating . She 's an extremely efficient entity . Corrector nanites have almost fully restored Her broken parts . Well that 's not a problem . We just stick her in the airlock and space her . [ two ] that won 't be necessary . I 've already deleted all of her security directives And re-established her base program . She 's no longer a threat to us . And she could prove useful . Whoa , we 're not waking that thing up . [ two ] the diagnostic suggests she possesses some Sort of neural link with the ship 's mainframe . Once she 's back online , she 'll be able to run a more effective Repair command , she 'll have us space-worthy in no time . She may also have some answers for us if anybody is curious . Okay . Start her up . Ugh . ¶ ¶ ¶ What 's your name ? I possess no personal designation . Yeah , there 's a lot of that going around . Why did you attack us ? I have no memory of such an attack . The reboot must 've wiped her data stores . Well ain 't that convenient . Whoa ! Hey ! I want you to initiate a neural link with the ship 's computer . Can you do that ? Of course . Now i want you to access any and all data related To the passengers onboard this ship . No such data exists . Any information in the ship 's records about its crew , Or its mission ? No such data exists . How 's that possible ? I-it 's not . This ship 's programming is highly sophisticated . There are redundancies in place to guard against data loss . Someone must have deliberately deleted that information . ¶ [ one ] it wasn 't necessarily one of us . Yeah , then who the hell was it ? It 's a big ship , lots of places to hide . Maybe there 's someone else on board . But they 'd have to know we 'd find them eventually So i 'm not sure what would be the point . We don 't even know for a fact If everyone 's really lost their memory . Any one of us could be lying about that . I don 't think so . I was the first one to wake up , I saw that moment in everyone 's eyes ... I don 't think anyone was faking . Exactly how long were you awake before the rest of us came to ? Couple of minutes , at most , why ? No way of proving that , of course , is there ? There 's no way for us to know what you were really up to . What exactly are you suggesting . If one of us is responsible , I would say that you are the number one suspect . That 's ridiculous . Yeah . You could jump in here any time , you know . Chatty guy . Sleeping quarters . Uh-ahh . [ android ] my neural link allows me instant access To the system from anywhere on the ship . Manual guidance is not only unnecessary , But it 's also inefficient . We 'll worry about that later . For now , i need you to run a full diagnostic And restore all systems . Alright . No . Show me . Alright . What is that ? It 's a subspace transmission . The ship is broadcasting a distress signal . What 're you doing ? Nothin ' . What are you doing ? Looking for something to treat a headache . Headaches can be caused by blood vessel abnormalities Or brain tumors . How do you know that ? I don 't know . I just ... Do . A tumor is a mass of cells that multiplies uncontrollably . The human body creates twenty-five million New cells every second . And its kidneys process One hundred and eighty liters of blood every day . Blood will spurt up to two meters When the carotid artery is severed . It 's a very efficient killstrok . Uh-huh ... Yes ! ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ It appears the ship has taken meteorite damage . So that 's why we were venting atmosphere . One of the forward relays was also hit , Causing a power surge that damaged multiple systems . It will take some time to repair them all . Do we have engines and navigation ? Yes . What about weapons ? Ship 's weapons are down . Then let 's make that our next priority . Alright . No . Show me . ¶ [ alarm sounding ] What is that ? It appears another vessel has entered our scanning range . And their course ? They 're headed straight for us- - But i don 't believe they intend to render assistance . Why not ? Because they just launched missiles . Time to impact : Sixty seconds . [ missiles racing through space ] Time to impact : Fifty seconds . What can we do ? The ship is also equipped with various Counter measures i can initiate . Would you like me to show you ? Just do it ! Hey , sounds like they got the engines going . Yeah . Based on our current acceleration , Time to impact is now forty seconds . We can 't out run it ? I 'm already pushing our engines past maximum . What about a jump to ftl ? We don 't have time to execute the necessary nav calculations . Options ? I could attempt further evasive maneuvers , but at these speeds They may overtax our artificial gravity and inertial dampeners . Do it . ¶ What the hell ? ¶ ¶ Calculations complete . Jumping to ftl . Hey . Wh-what happened ? We lost gravity for a few seconds there . When it came back on , we all took a tumble . You hit your head on the way down . I did ? Yeah . You okay ? Yeah , i think so . So , any idea who attacked us , or why ? None . Maybe the robot had something to do with it . I have no intention of harming anyone on this ship . Oh yeah , except for the part where you nearly killed us all . I have no memory of such an attack . So you keep saying ! Alright , calm down . Are you kidding me now ? I wake up a couple of hours ago , i got no idea who i am , How the hell i got here . Nearly get killed by the forgetful robot , Almost blasted to scrag by some mysterious ship , And now we are floating in the middle of who-knows-where Actually , we do know where . We 're on course for a nearby inhabited world . We are ? Before we were attacked , I initiated a recovery program In order to salvage recently deleted And overwritten data . You can do that ? The process is time-consuming And most of the information is irretrievable . However , i have managed to salvage some data . What kind of data ? This ship 's original destinatio . We should be arriving in less than 12 hours . ¶ [ box clicking ] Y 'know the green ones aren 't that bad . They still taste like shit , but just not as much . You sure you 're okay ? Yeah . Still don 't remember hitting your head ? Nope . I just remember falling and then blackness . And--and the door . What door ? In a dark place ... Underneath . A big , metal door . They keep it locked . Always . Why ? What 's inside ? Secrets . ¶ Fine , be that way . [ gun fire ] Aghh ! [ bang ] Everybody pick a room and get some rest . We 'll be dropping out in ten hours . ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ You gotta be kidding me ... ¶ [ beeping ] Uh , hi . Hello . So what brings you by ? What do you think ? We 're about to enter orbit . You 're heading down to the planet to look for answers . I suggest you wear pants . ¶ Hey . Hey . What happened to you ? I roll around a lot in my sleep . We tried communicating with whoever 's down there But received no response . Could be a tech issue . Could be a lot of things . Fly safe . ¶ Damn . This ship have a name ? It 's a phantom-class marauder . Marauder ? Nice . ¶ ¶ There 's no reason to assume the inhabitants will be hostile . No reason to assume they won 't be . ¶ [ one ] remember , we 're just looking for answers . We 're not here to cause trouble . [ man ] that 's far enough ! Remind me to tell that robot i told you so . Who are you ? Why are you here ? Yeah , i was afraid those questions might come up . They 're not corporate guard . They could be hrothgar 's people . [ man ] did hrothgar send you ? Maybe ? We didn 't come here to hurt anyone . Or get hurt . Especially that last part . So why don 't we just lower our weapons ... All of us . You say your ship was attacked ? Well , we 're not exactly- - Raiders . Came at us out of nowhere , disabled our engines , Looted our ship , left us for dead . You 're lucky to be alive . Wouldn 't be if we hadn 't managed to restore life-support . With nav systems down , we were flying blind we got lucky Picked up your settlement on our long-range scanners . Wow , well , you 're welcome to re-supply , And help yourselves to whatever you need . But then you best be off . Why 's that ? We 're expecting trouble . This is an independent colony . We pull enough tarium out of the ground to get by , But we 've never been of interest to any of the big multi-corps . That is , until now . You hit a big strike ? It was a couple of ferrous corporation geologists . Surveying the nearby asteroid belt . Apparently they found the mother lode . But without a hab-1 planet in the vicinity It would be too expensive to extract . They need a place to house the miners , Grow food , source fresh water . Some place like here ? It 's a big planet . It 's not big enough so far as they 're concerned . The multi-corps don 't share planetary resources . It minimizes the risk of outsiders Interfering with their operations . As long we work this claim , we have legal title . But if we were to leave , Or if something should happen to us ... Well , you get the idea . So that 's why you wanna be long gone before the raza get here . The raza ? They work as enforcers for the multi-corps . They clean up loose ends , trouble spots--like us . They 're aliens , they 're half-man , half-reptile , And i 've heard that they 're over seven feet tall , And they have skin that burns to the- - The fact is no one really knows what they are , Because no one 's ever survived an encounter with them . ¶ [ one ] if these raza really are as dangerous as you say , Why don 't you just leave ? [ man ] you don 't get to a place like this Unless you 've already run out of options . [ girl ] well , and this claim is all we have , We 're going to fight for it . Aren 't you a little young to be doing any fighting ? I 'm old enough to wanna protect my friends and family . [ one ] no offense , but it doesn 't seem to me like you 've got The manpower or the firepower . We gathered together the last of our funds , Sent out one of our people to score a shipment of arms The real thing , like the weapons you carry . Enough for every man and woman on this settlement . A shipment ? When is it supposed to get here ? Any day now . If it arrives in time , We 'll give the raza more than they can handle , Make ferrous corp reconsider . Well ... Good luck with that , thanks . [ one ] that pendant , does it hold any special significance ? Hrothgar gave this to me before he left . He said it symbolized freedom in the face of oppression And that when his people people arrived we 'd be able to Recognize them cause they too would have this mark . Thanks . ¶ [ one ] this isn 't right . Am i the only person who heard what they said ? A shipment of arms ? Obviously we were meant to help these people . You don 't know that . And the fact that we have a cargo hold full of weapons , That 's a coincidence ? You 're forgetting one important detail , The scary lizard people that are on their way To this planet to destroy everything ! I 'm guessing you don 't wanna be there when they show up . Okay , i admit , that part sounded bad . Let 's table this discussion until We 're back on the ship , alright ? ¶ The android said that console was fried . You really think you know what you 're doing ? Well , it 's like you with the controls , Or four with his swords . For me , it 's wires , circuits , fuses . I don 't know why , but it just kinda makes sense to me . Not like all the other stuff . What other stuff ? I see things , in my head . Like , while i was sleeping , i saw a dream . Oh yeah ? I was walking on the beach with my little brother . He was crying because he 'd gotten lost , But i found him and i was Was bringing him back to the palace . The palace ? That sounds like a nice place to live . It was . Until they murdered my father , and then came for me . But i was too much for them . And even though i could 've killed them , i didn 't . I just carved out their eyes And left them for my step mother to find . Bitch . I hope they 're bringing back some real food . I 'm starving . You ... You carved out their eyes ? Well , it was me in the dream , But it wasn 't really me because it wasn 't my dream . Who 's dream was it ? I dunno . But it was somebody 's . ¶ I 'm telling you , we 're supposed to be helping these people . The matching pendants ? It can 't be a coincidence . All i 'm saying is even if we 're supposed to be Helping these people , which i doubt , Doesn 't mean we 're gonna do it . We don 't even know what happened to us , Or how we 're going to get our memories back . And those weapons would fetch a very good Price on the open market . The money would go a long way- - Except they 're already paid for ! They belong to the miners . Don 't matter if they belong to the miners . They 're in our cargo hold ! They belong to us , now ! Those people will die if we don 't help them . They 're already dead . He doesn 't say much but when he does , it makes sense . If their enemy is even half as powerful as they believe , Then they 're doomed . The least we can do is give them a fighting chance . I 'm pretty sure the least we can do is nothing . Which , for the record , is what i 'm suggesting we do . Alright . Let 's put it to a vote . Fine . I vote that we keep the weapons , we sell them , take what we make To stay alive , and find out what the hell happened to us . Agreed . I think we do what we know we came here to do , Complete the delivery . He 's right . I say we help those people . Thank you . Yeah me too , i want to help those people . Wait a minute , she can 't vote . Why not ? ! Cause you 're a kid . She 's a member of this crew . Who 's a kid ! What are you like 15 years old ? Do we really have to have a vote To decide if she gets to vote ? I vote against her voting . Come on , throw up with me . Fine , three to two . What do you say , boss lady ? Set half the crates aside . The rest go down to the surface . ¶ Clean up your tray , pretty boy . Make sure to lift with the back Helps take pressure off the knees . You know what would take the pressure off my knees ? You helping out . Yeah see , i think that 'd be kinda hypocritical Given the way i voted and all . Yeah , i wouldn 't worry . I don 't think it 'd be possible for us to think any less of you . Well , you never know . I might surprise you . Alright i think that 's it , we 're good to go . Who 's that ? [ android ] i don 't know . The file is corrupt . This has been a difficult and tedious process . However , i have managed to recover a sizable data cache . Let 's see it . [ two ] i need everyone on the bridge , now . What 's the matter ? [ two ] just get up here . What 's going on ? The android managed to recover a significant amount Of data related to this ship and its crew . Well that 's good . Isn 't it ? Marcus boone : Murder , assault , kidnapping , piracy . Griffin jones : Murder , assault , smuggling . Jace corso : Murder , assault , kidnapping , trafficking , theft . Ryo tetsudo : Murder , assault , piracy . Portia lin : Murder , assault , arson , theft , piracy . Turns out the raza aren 't a race of aliens . " the raza " is the name of this ship . We 're not here to help these people . We 're here to kill them . ¶ ¶
