 Previously on stitchers ... His name was ed clark . My real father parked me with him when i was eight . We 're not teammates . We 're not co-workers . Well , that definitely is clarifying . Kirsten : Has anyone ever done this before ? Cameron : Her name 's marta . She couldn 't handle it . - What are you two doing here ? - I 'm afraid that 's above your paygrade detective . Don 't tell me a secret agency mission , right ? - Is that the roommate ? - Camille , this is linus . - Woof ! - We 're investigating the death of lisa keller . - She was murdered . - How do you know this ? Cause we hacked into her brain After she died and read her memories . It 's called stitching . You 've gotta be freaking kidding me . You were under strict orders only to observe kirsten and report back to me . - How long have you been spying on me for ? - The entire last year . So , i 'm being recruited ? Hey , fisher . Welcome to the stitchers program . ( people laughing ) Go , go , go . Move , move , move . Jewelery , now . - And the watch . - Come on , man , not the watch . Wear it in good health . - You too , hurry up . - Is that why you killed lilly ross ? - Because she wasn 't fast enough ? - Jewelery , now . Michelle from the hotel , What is she ? Your wife ? Your girlfriend ? If you turn yourself in , maybe we can help her . If i turn myself in , I 'll rot in prison , And that is not happening ! ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ everything that you 're promised now ¶ ¶ it 's alright ¶ God . There 's 50 boxes still in the garage . I 'm gonna have to find a new place to park . This is all ed 's stuff from his apartment . Apparently , i am the closest thing He has to a living relative , So ... Now it 's mine . Well , great . We can add it To all the crap he left behind After the first time he moved out . Wait . Wait , wait , wait . Aren 't you just a little curious What 's in all these ? Bringing that stuff into the house was your idea , not mine . Yeah , come on , ' cause it 's kind of like a treasure hunt . Maybe there 's an old watch in one of these you can sell . I mean , treasure forever as a family heirloom . ( mutters ) i don 't know . Ooh ! See ? ¶ pictures ! ¶ ( gasps ) no way . Do you even know what this is ? A woman with no personal boundaries . This is a classic ... ( grunts ) Tube amp stereo system , And it 's super high end . And super old . Well , let 's fire this baby up . I 've been meaning to get into vinyl . Oh . I thought you were into leather . Hilarious ! Grab the turntable . - Mom ? - Huh ? This is a picture of ed and my mother . - Whoa . - Yeah . The real " whoa , " however , is ... Who 's been ripped out of the photo ? This is a photo of ed clark and my mother . I see you 've started going through ed 's things . They 're my things now . What was the connection between him and my mother ? Ed , your mother and father helped develop The stitchers technology . They were friends . - Just friends ? - As far as i know . And what does this mean ? " remember " ? - I don 't know . - Gosh ! Some days you are just dripping with information , And then other days you don 't know anything . What possible motives could i have to withhold information from you ? Three , in descending order of probability : One , you know things about me you don 't want me to know ; Two , you know things about me i wouldn 't want to know ; And three , you legitimately know nothing . Four , i 'm a machiavellian bitch Who believes that knowledge is power And wants to retain as much power over others as i can . I stand corrected . Four motives . Well , it sounds like you got me all figured out . Let me know when you settle on one . Ed ripped someone out of this picture . Any ideas who it was ? No , but i assume it 's someone he didn 't think very highly of . Keep it . I have a copy . In the late 1960s , william zane johnson Began building modified st-70 tube systems . In 1983 , he established the hallmark Of high definition sound with the reference 600 . It 's 600 watts of breathtaking thermionic power That has no peer . Ask anyone . I 'm sorry i asked you . Hey , stretch . Macchiato with just the subtlest hint of mexican cocoa ? - Tell me about maggie . - I think she prefers chai lattes . She clearly knows more about what we do here than she lets on . Maggie 's inscrutable . Seriously , she can 't be scruted . So , are you ladies planning on setting up That old tube-based stereo system all by yourselves ? Of course . Uh , what ? What if cameron and i swing by later tonight and we just do it for you ? The implication being that women aren 't smart enough To hook up stereos themselves ? ( fake cough ) dumb-ass . No , no , no . It 's just that high-end audio is a guy thing . ( fake cough ) double dumb-ass . It 's true . It has to do with socialization . Girls listen to music for meaning . Guys listen to music for sonics . - ( laughs ) - my god . We 're working with cavemen . Yeah . Listen , boys , I studied electrical engineering and acoustic wave theory . I think kirsten and i can handle setting up an old stereo . Well , if it 's the system i 'm thinking of , It has 16 separate tubes that have to be placed into their proper sockets . I 'd like to see you " acoustic wave theory " Your way to figuring that one out . - ( beeps ) - oh , we 're up , guys . So , what time should we come over tonight ? ( sighs ) You really gotta learn how to speak to women . What ? I speak to a woman every night . Yeah , your mother . What 's your point ? Maggie : Lilly ross , 25 . Newlywed . Lilly and her husband , scott , were on their honeymoon , Walking on santa monica pier . Scott left her for a few minutes . When he returned , he found her body in the alley . Why 'd he leave her alone ? He said that he was arranging a romantic surprise for her . She died of blunt force trauma to the head . Her jewelry was taken . - Sounds like a random robbery . - Or made to look like one . 70 % of female murder victims are killed by their boyfriends , exes , or husbands . So , why is this a stitchers case ? There 's been a rash of tourist robberies around the city . This is the first one that 's ended in a death . We don 't know if they 're connected , But if they are , we might be able to stop them . Have the police questioned the husband ? Briefly , but he was in shock . He could barely speak . He 's sedated , and he 's back in his hotel room . On her honeymoon . That just sucks . Why ? Dead is dead , no matter when it happens . I don 't think i 'll ever get used to that condition of hers . Man : Communications online . Cameron : I need a go , no-go for stitch neurosync . - Life-sci . - We are a go ! - Cameron : Sub-bio . - Go . - Engineering . - Go ! - Communications . - Linus : Yeah , we 're a go ! - Cameron : Medical . - Go . We are go for stitch neurosync . Okay , pork chop , you 're on . I anticipate that the blunt force trauma to her head Will make navigating lilly 's memories tricky . I 'll do what i can from here , but be prepared for a bumpy ride . - Okay . - Thunderbirds are go . Initiate stitch neurosync on my mark . Three , two , One ... Mark ! ( distorted carnival music playing ) ( people whooping ) What do you say we go back to the hotel and ... ( scoffs ) why does your collar always do that ? Oh ! I left my phone at the restaurant . I 'll be right back . They 're at the santa monica pier . Scott just told lilly he left his phone At a restaurant and left her alone . - ( phone clicks ) - he lied . He 's got his phone . He 's making a call . I can 't hear what he 's saying . - ( gasps ) - someone 's grabbing her . - Cameron : Who ? - ( distortion ) Where am i ? Cameron , put me back . I need to see the rest . That 's the end of the line for that memory thread . You 're in an earlier memory now . You know what i hate about you ? Her memories are going by too quickly . I was afraid this might happen . Sub-bio ? Glutamate levels are increasing . Her brain is depolarizing fast . Her neurons are fizzling . We can 't slow them down . What are you doing ? What is that ? You know what i hate about you ? Show me . What 's all this money for ? I 'm bouncing . - Lights to 100 % . - ( gasps ) What 'd you see ? Scott had an envelope filled with cash . Enough money to pay someone to kill his wife . - Bastard . - That 's what it looks like , But i feel he 's innocent . So , i guess fisher 's bringing scott in for questioning in the morning . - Mm-hmm . - Damn it ! This is antique technology . How hard can this be ? Ugh ! Okay , fine . What did you see in that stitch that makes you think that douche didn 't kill his wife ? It wasn 't something i saw . It was something i felt . Yeah , but he lied to his wife , Told her he left his phone at the restaurant , Then used it to make a call . How do you explain that ? I can 't . But it doesn 't make sense . I want to be there when fisher questions him . - Why ? - Cognitive dissonance . Scott 's actions to lilly don 't match The emotions lilly felt towards him . Mm-hmm . I need to be with scott . Excuse me ? You need to be with this guy ? Not be with him , just ... Be around when he 's questioned . Okay , just trust me on this one : Relationships are very messy . Yeah , that doesn 't mean you turn psycho . You should meet my last boyfriend . That 's what i 'm talking about . One down , 15 to go . Okay . - So , what do you think of linus ? - Linus ? - Mm-hmm . - He 's capable , good at what he does . Why ? Are you interested in him ? ( laughs ) what ? No . I was just ... ( clears throat ) No . - Okay . - Ooh ! Look what i found . Okay . Kirsten . ( door opens , closes ) Okay . You saw me question him . What do you think ? I think he 's innocent . ( sighs ) i 'm not convinced . Yeah , that 's because you didn 't ask the right questions . You didn 't ask about the envelope full of money , And you didn 't ask about how he treated lilly in the hotel room . Are you serious ? Is she serious ? Almost always . I can 't ask him about things that you know of Because you were in his dead wife 's memories . How do i explain how i know any of that ? How will you prove his innocence without asking ? If he 's guilty , eventually we 'll figure it out . He didn 't ask for a lawyer . Guilty people ask for lawyers . Innocent ones don 't . That 's not always the case . Need more convincing ? Scott took out a life insurance policy On lilly one week before their wedding . ( cellphone ringing ) ( sighs ) wait here . My captain needs to chew me out about something . ( door opens , closes ) ( chuckles ) He is innocent . I know it . You said it yourself : 70 % of female murder victims are killed by men they know . Not this one . What are you doing ? ( sighs ) This 'll end poorly . Mr. Ross ? - Who are you ? - My name is kirsten clark . - Are you a cop ? - I want to talk to you about lilly . I already told detective fisher everything i know . When are you people gonna find the man who killed my wife ? We 're working on it . He thinks that i killed her , doesn 't he ? He isn 't sure , but maybe . Why ? Why would he think that ? You took out a life insurance policy on lilly . Yeah , and she took one out on me . We did it to take care of each other , just in case ... Look , i already told the detective all of this . Why are you making me go through it again ? Lilly found money in the hotel room , Money you were hiding from her . It was for a present for her- - a necklace . I told the detective that it was stolen . Diamond and sapphire . Lilly was wearing it when she was attacked , And you bought it with that envelope of cash , So now it 's hard to prove it even existed . How do you know this ? Why did you say you hated her ? " you know what i hate about you ? " you said that to her . Why- - why did you say that ? Who told you that ? Were you- - were you watching us ? - No . - What kind of cop are you ? - ( door opens , closes ) - fisher : Alright , you two . What the hell is she doing ? ( stammers ) She 's interrogating the witness . She gonna compromise the whole case . I 'm just trying to help you . You want to help me ? Find the man who killed my wife . - Scott . - No ! I am done talking to you without a lawyer . Get out ! Leave me alone ! ( sighs ) impersonating a police officer ? Are you insane ? I never said i was a cop . And he 's innocent . I feel it . Kirsten , i have no dog in this fight . He 's innocent , he 's guilty- - I just want the truth . But you 're getting into something that 's over your head . What was going on with you in there ? I don 't know . I ... I just felt this connection . It 's residual emotion . That 's all . What 's residual emotion ? From being stitched . Kirsten 's inherited some traces of lilly 's feelings . I could sense it- - the way that lilly understood ... Him . She knew who he was . There wasn 't any anger or animosity . It- - it wasn 't that kind of relationship . She heard him say that he hated her , and she knew he didn 't . Okay , well , maybe he said that during an argument Or in the heat of the moment . Sometimes people get hurt . - Are we still talking about lilly ? - What ? Yeah . What was that about ? Camille : Excuse me . Everything okay down there ? Yes . Just checking the nanobot annealing processor . Oh . That 's interesting . - We have nanobots . - Of course . We use nanobot technology in the bodies To bridge their synaptic gaps . It 's the key into stitching into their memories . That 's so interesting . Not really . So , red or white ? I 'm not sure what color our nanobots are . - They 're microscopic . - Wine . Which do you prefer , red or white ? Actually , my favorite wine is beer . Why do you ask ? Just because i 'm trying to figure out what to serve When you and cameron come over tonight to help set up the stereo . I knew it ! That tube amp system kicked your scrawny ass ! I 'm so sorry . I 'm an idiot . Firstly , there is nothing scrawny about this ass . Secondly , that thing has 16 sockets , Which makes for 298 possible tube-to-socket combinations . Make no mistake , i can do it , but it 'll be faster with your help . So , come by at 7 : 00 and tell cameron . Oh , and i don 't think you 're an idiot . - Thanks . - You 're more of an imbecile . ( shouts ) interesting distinction . When can i stitch back into lilly ? We need to prove scott 's innocent . You are getting way too close to this . I thought this was what we do here- - Catch the bad guys , clear the good guys . What am i missing ? You 're having trouble separating lilly 's emotions from your own . You think she 's the first person who got dead by someone she desperately loved ? He didn 't do it , and don 't talk to me about emotional voodoo . What was the deal with you back at the police station ? - What deal ? There was no deal . - " sometimes people get hurt . " What was that ? Maybe i was just waxing poetic . - ( alert buzzing ) - oh ! Refractory period 's up . If you wanna stitch back in , now 's the time . Stitch neurosync in three ... Two ... One ... Mark . - Talk to me , sunshine . - I 'm getting memory flashes again . Okay , we 're using a protocol to slow down The electrical depolarization in lilly 's brain . Sub-bio ? Glutamate levels are down . Increasing sodium and calcium inhibitors . Her e.P. ' s steady . Can you hold the memories longer this time ? I 'm on it . Brace yourself . You know what i hate about you ? You know what he hates about her ? What ? - Nothing . - ( chuckles ) Nothing . What are you doing ? What is that , lilly ? Show me . What 's all this money for ? Oh , babe . It 's for that necklace you wanted . It was supposed to be a surprise . He did buy her the necklace . Cameron , he didn 't kill her , i need to see who did . Time 's running out . You need to bounce . - Not yet . - Cameron , she 's not marta . They 're on their way to the lunch . She wasn 't killed until after . Put me into that memory . Bio , how is she ? Her cerebral temp 's normal , but her heart rate is up . 114 beats per minute . Her b.P. Is 150 over 90 . You don 't have time , make the bounce ! Kirsten , make the bounce ! They took an l.A. Wheels car to the beach . We need to find that driver . Guys , it 's a dead end . Fisher says the lapd questioned the ross ' l.A. Wheels driver . He was at a sports bar three miles away when lilly was killed . Okay , well , i just hacked into the l.A. Wheels mapping system . This shows the location of every one of their cars in los angeles . That 's the pier . I 'm rolling the map back to saturday between 12 : 15 and 12 : 30 p.M. When scott said the car dropped them off . And that 's the ross ' car ? Yeah . And here it is at the sports bar . His alibi holds . I need- - want to see scott again . Ask him about the car service . We can have fisher call him . No , i should do this in person . I 'll go to his hotel . I know what you 're thinking , and it 's not that . He already thinks i 'm a cop . Plus , i feel like he 'll talk to me . I feel ... A connection ? - Yeah , - that 's what i 'm worried about . All right , stitching affects you , makes you different for a little bit . It doesn 't always last , but it 's noticeable . Okay , maybe you 're right . Stitching does change me a little . But , i also can 't stop doing the job i need to do . - Yeah-- - i 'm going to scott 's hotel . I 'm telling you it 's a bad idea . And that 's why you shouldn 't come . If you 're worried , why don 't you go with her ? It 's obvious she doesn 't want me to . So , what do we do now ? Well , i guess let 's go back to my place and hook up ... - Yes ! - The stereo . Right . That 's what i was excited about . Yeah , me too . Is this what torturing one 's self looks like ? When you pulled me from my cozy research position And dropped me into the stitchers program , You didn 't warn me people could get hurt . One of the most crucial devices in our lab , one you helped design , Is called " the corpse cassette . " I didn 't think that i needed to prepare you emotionally For what that implies . I studied neuroscience , i 've been around cadavers for years . It 's not the already dead that bother me . Kirsten is different than marta . You know that , don 't you ? Yes , but is she different enough ? Marta is in this condition because she couldn 't separate Her emotions from the sample that she stitched into . I 'm worried kirsten is falling into the same trap . Cameron ? I know that you don 't like me . No , it- - it 's okay . You don 't need to . And you don 't trust me . But the things that we are doing have a noble purpose , And anything with a noble purpose has risks . Now , i can 't tell you everything about the stitchers program , But when we are done , You will look back and know that you were part of something very important . I can promise you that . What i can 't promise you Is that no one else will get hurt . ( kirsten knocking ) mr . Ross ? Oh , it 's you . Do you have any news or anything ? May i come in ? Do you know who killed lilly ? No . You 're not even police , are you ? No . But , i do work with them . They still think i 'm guilty . But i don 't . And how are you gonna prove that ? The night that lilly was murdered , you took an l.A. Wheels car to the beach . Yeah , the concierge arranged it . Michelle . She had red hair . Lilly looked so beautiful that night . I know . What are you doing ? I 'm trying to help you . The police are right . I killed lilly . No . That 's impossible . You act like you know me , But you don 't know anything . I did kill lilly ! I left her on that pier . She was- - she was murdered because i wasn 't there ... Because i snuck off to call the hotel Just so they could send up a stupid bottle of champagne ! - Scott . - Get out . You are not lilly . You 're not anyone . Get out . Hey , how do you like your beer ? In my mouth and then in my stomach . Yeah , i meant bottle or glass ? - Bottle 's fine . - Great . So , what time is cameron coming over ? I have no idea . He left the lab all mysterious about something . He does that sometimes . He doesn 't tell me where he goes . He doesn 't tell you ? That 's weird . I thought you guys were friends . Oh , we are . We 're like besties . Really ? What 's he do on the weekends ? I have no idea . What kind of music is he into ? - You got me . - Is he seeing anyone ? Okay , i barely know the guy . - ( laughs ) - jeez . It 's the same with me and kirsten . Look , we live together , We went to school together , now we work together , And i still don 't really know that much about her . Everyone 's connected 24 / 7 With status updates and texting , But no one is really connected . It 's sad . It 's so sad . So very ... Very ... Unbearably sad . Okay ! Uh ... Looks like this is all set up . Let 's light this candle . Yeah , let 's do something . Whoa . That thing 's drawing a ton of power . Yeah , let 's kill the lights , give it more juice . Okay . ¶ till the sun goes down and i unwind ¶ ¶ i 'm out looking for thrills while you 're lost in your dreams ¶ ¶ i 'm spinning out of control ¶ ¶ someone slow me down bring me back again ¶ I told you i wanted to do this alone . Actually , you said you needed to , Which is pretty much the reason i 'm here . You find out anything from scott ? Yes . The concierge arranged the car that took them to the beach . You sure ? Yeah . And lilly was wearing a lot of jewelry , she looked like a target . Does the agency give us an expense account ? ¶ i 've been working , i 've been working so hard ¶ ¶ i 've been losing , i 've been losing my mind ¶ I didn 't know you could max out an n.S.A. Credit card . We have just bankrupted the u.S. Government . I 've always liked patek philippe watches , though . You know you have to return it , right ? Eh , within seven days , assuming that your plan doesn 't get us killed . You sure we didn 't overdo it a little ? We 're not exactly subtle . We 're not trying to be subtle , we 're trying to be targets . Mmm , i liked it better when we were shopping . Hi . We 're thinking of grabbing dinner somewhere , Maybe someplace by the santa monica pier ? Can you call us a cab ? Are you guests of the hotel ? Uh , not yet . We 'll be checking in ... Later-ish . The hotel has an account with a car service . I 'll call them . Sounds perfect . You don 't have to do this . I 'm not letting you go alone . L.A. Wheels ? Santa monica pier , please . ¶ and every breath is like a song ¶ ¶ and every song is sweet and true ¶ ¶ our love is something we belong to ¶ ¶ we get older ¶ ¶ some get lost and down ¶ ( phone buzzing ) You sure this is the right place ? Yeah , just head down that way , make a right , and you 'll see it on your right-hand side . It doesn 't make sense . You 're not seriously complaining Because the guy didn 't attack us ? I saw him in the stitch . It was the same guy . Maybe he 's just a driver ? If he was gonna rob us , he would have . Excuse me , do you have the time ? Oh , yeah , sure , it 's- - Don 't make a sound . Let 's go . The driver has a partner . Now it makes sense . Wow . Look at this place . You are deceptively athletic for someone of your stature . - Ugh . - Mm-hmm . Tomorrow , you will reflect on that comment - And cringe . - Ah ? Yeah . Oh , damn . Go , go , go . Move , move , move . Jewelery , now . And the watch . Come on , man , not the watch ! Wear it in good health . You too . Hurry up . Is that why you killed lilly ross ? Because she wasn 't fast enough ? What ? You threw her down , she hit her head . Stop talking ! So , the concierge calls the car , The driver takes the victim somewhere you 're waiting , and then you rob them . I said shut up ! I don 't think he 's in the mood for chit-chat . People spend their whole lives trying to find someone , To connect with someone , And you destroyed that . Kirsten , stop talking . You should listen to your girlfriend . Ouch . Jewelery , now . Now ! Michelle from the hotel . What is she ? Your wife ? Your girlfriend ? If you turn yourself in , maybe we can help her . If i turn myself in , i 'll rot in prison , And that is not happening ! - ( clacks ) - ( carnival music playing ) ( sirens blare ) Wow . Thunderbirds are go . Thank you . Now , if you 'll excuse me , i must go vomit . What about the driver ? We put out an a.P.B. He won 't get far . Turns out he and his two buddies were running the same scam for weeks . Concierge booked the driver for affluent hotel guests , He dropped them off , set up his alibi , And his partner would rob them . Kirsten , you were right about scott . I almost misread him , but you didn 't . I had an unfair advantage . Yeah . Residual emotions . Good work . And you ... Taking down a perp by smacking him with a bucket . Very impressive . Thanks . Hey , so maybe you and i can go grab a beer sometime ? No . I owe you an apology , and a thank you . No , you don 't owe me anything . You 're the only person who believed that i was innocent , And i still don 't know why . You know what lilly hated about you ? Nothing . ¶ without exception , it 's a cruel world ¶ Camille : I just can 't wait for the b-side , you know ? Totally . Oh my god , i 'm so sorry i didn 't see your text sooner . Oh , it 's fine . It 's not like we were held at gunpoint or anything . I 'm sorry , man . Look , it 's my fault . We were hooking up the stereo . We were totally hooking up ... The stereo . What 's going on with you two ? Going on ? Nothing . Yeah , i mean , come on . We 're just a couple of co-workers Hanging out in a benign social atmosphere While occasionally discussing job-related matters . - I 'm gonna get more beer . - I will come with . ( giggles ) ( music playing ) Um , good night , linus . Thanks for setting up the stereo . Yeah , it was very pleasurable . I mean ... ( coughs ) Well , i 'm beat . I 'm gonna turn in . ¶ you got to call me , baby ¶ You gonna be okay ? Peter and julie , And now scott and lilly . Is this what love is ? Intense connection and then heartbreaking loss ? Maybe . Is it worth it ? ¶ you got your limit , baby , i have mine ¶ " ' tis better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all . " Tennyson . Do you think he 's right ? ¶ i need you to pick up that telephone ¶ I don 't know . But , if you figure it out , tell me . Hey . You did good today , stretch . You too , girlfriend . ¶ i need to hear your sweet voice ¶ ¶ let me , let me , let me , let me hear you again ¶ ¶ i need you , i need you ¶ ( music stops ) Kirsten ? I made you a tape . It 's a recording of me reading three of your favorite stories- - One for each night for when i 'm gone . And you can play it on my special stereo . But , i thought you said i wasn 't allowed to use it ? Well , this time you can . ( car honks ) That 's my ride . ( music box playing ) Ed : Hi , kirsten . I 'm sorry i had to leave you , But i want you to know that even though i 'll be gone for a while , I 'll be watching out for you . So , tonight 's story is " sleeping beauty . " You ready ? Once upon a time , There lived a king and queen . They longed very much for a child , And when at last , they had a little daughter , They were both delighted , And great rejoicings took place . But ... The angry fairy confronted the king and queen And said , " when the princess is 15 years old , " she shall prick her finger with a spindle , " and die . " ( gasps ) ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶
