 Previously on defiance ... I see a bright light . It 's a man ... With a powerful flashlight . ( man ) amanda , you 're mine . The man who raped me . I was living in new york Working as an entry clerk at e-rep headquarters . Why are you telling me all this ? I didn 't want you to think you 're alone . We received a message from datak and stahma . Good news , i hope . They were successful in planting The shrill-infested weapons in the local armory . The town 's entire gun supply was destroyed . What does that madman want ? He wants us to blow up the st . Louis arch . ( amanda ) people of defiance , Our darkest hour has passed . The lights are finally back on . Thanks to our omec friends , the mines are open , And the gulanite is flowing at a rapid pace . Slowly but surely , we 're getting back on our feet . 'cause when we 're up against the wall , When many of us had just about lost hope , We persevered , Standing beside each other . Always remember who we are . We are free . We are proud . We are defiance . I can 't speak for the rest of you , defiance , But i 'm inspired . Here 's some old-world grunge going out to my man alak tarr , Wherever you are . I notice you didn 't tell the town we were Free , proud , and defenseless . No need to start a panic . Shrill destroyed every weapon in our armory . I don 't know about you , but i 'm feeling Pretty damn panicked . [ rock music ] ¶ ¶ I think i got something here . Amanda , we 've been going through the old e-rep files . I think i might have a line on where we can Find some weapons . [ explosion ] [ crowd screaming ] [ screams ] ( rahm ) my fellow votans , I am commander general rahm tak Of the votanis collective . Today 's a special day . Today is a day of celebration . - I have shown you mercy . - Hologram . ( rahm ) i have come here today to liberate you . You three , hey , check the arch for casualties . He 's gotta be projecting from somewhere close . You still have your homes . You still have your lives . But the continued survival of defiance is in your hands . I am an honest man . Far more honest than your human mayor . My spies have informed me That all the weapons in your armory Have been rendered useless , A fact amanda rosewater has kept from you . - Nolan , shut this down ! - Working on it . Like all pink-meat humans , She 's a liar . I am coming to your town . Votans of defiance , I make you this promise : Your life will be spared If you surrender , But for those of you who side with the humans , There will be no mercy . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ ( nolan ) the arch is only the first salvo . Hitting back will require weapons and lots of them . We may find them here . Station arrowhead . 300 miles north . An emc black site , built during the pale wars And been sealed up tight ever since the ' 20s . How do we know it hasn 't already been found , looted ? We don 't , but look at the manifest . Automatic weapons , explosives , Medical , everything we could hope for . And if we drove all night , we could be there by mid-morning . - This is heavy firepower . - Mm-hmm . Worth rolling the dice . I 'm riding shotgun . You heard the lady . Pack a bag . Wheels up at sundown . - Not you , you 're benched . - Come on . - Benched . - They blew up the arch . - Don 't care . - Nolan ! You 're gonna stay here with berlin . You 're gonna figure out who planted those explosives . And you two , you 're gonna work together on this . You hear me ? [ jazz music ] ¶ ¶ You know how everyone says that Buddy rich is the best drummer ? I like gene krupa better . Krupa , yes . Sing , sing , sing . Wonderful beat . A despicable species , the humans , But they do have rhythm . General , sir . Sir , i have an update on defiance . Datak and stahma have destroyed the arch . Ha ! Excellent ! And the hologram ? The entire town saw it . Don 't look so gloomy , alak . Thanks to your resourceful parents , You live to see another day . ( bebe ) but , sir , there is one more thing . Speak freely . There are two omec in defiance . One male , one female . [ speaking native language ] The omec ? Like from back on votan ? Aren 't they- - Quiet ! I 've consulted with my indogene brothers , And we 're fairly certain that the male Is eksu tsuroz t 'evgin . He 's a prominent figure in omec culture . Scientist , inventor , politician , And war hero . Well , why isn 't this glorious renaissance man Back home , dead , in space with the rest of the enchanters ? Our long-range scans indicate that he has a ship . It 's in orbit , hovering above defiance . A warship ? We 're not sure . Its power signature , however , is very low . It 's in need of repair . They need gulanite . That 's why they 're in defiance . A fully functional omec warship Could destroy the entire votanis collective . Eksu tsuroz t 'evgin needs to die . Send word to datak and stahma . Tell them i need it done immediately . ( stahma ) what he 's demanding is reckless . We must refuse this order . That 's not an option , and you know it . It 's too soon after the arch . The entire town 's on high alert . Rahm tak is going to get us caught . It 's a risk we have to take . [ speaks native language ] What ? Out with it . I 've given this a great deal of thought . I don 't believe rahm tak will ever release alak alive . How can you say that ? He married a human girl . Rahm tak won 't let that go unpunished . No , you 're wrong . Rahm and i shared an oath . I looked him in the eye . Rahm tak 's eyes are empty ! Even if you 're right , it changes nothing . Killing the omec buys us time . - Time for what ? - I don 't know ! Time to ... To-to think , To come up with some sort of counter-strategy . What other choice do we have ? The omec has to die . I suppose you 're right . We have betrayed our neighbors , And so long as that madman has the power to expose us , We must obey his commands For our own survival , If not alak 's . Is that poison ? I 'll fill a hidden needle And inject the omec during coitus . Coitus ? It 's a human word . - It means- - - i know what it means . T 'evgin will suffer cardiac arrest , Leaving no evidence of foul play . Well , surely there 's some other way . My way is effective and safe . Rest assured , love , I will think only of you . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ Looks like it 's been recently plowed . According to this , underground access Is in that barn . [ sniffs ] Ah , that barn smell . Heh . You mean manure ? What ever happened to romance ? I killed it and ate it . - [ groans ] - nolan , you okay ? [ groans ] just a headache . [ groans ] ¶ ¶ [ grunting ] Leave the fingers . Leave--leave--leave- - ah , ow ! Come with me . I don 't suppose i could hang on to my gun ? No . - Come on , pal . - George isn 't your pal . Neither am i . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ It 's amazing . ( george ) you look just like her . Like who ? The girl from the movies . What movies ? What are you talking about ? No more talking . ¶ ¶ Niles ? Oh , nuts . Viceroy mercado decided to lead us back to new york To provide aid and comfort , and it was futile . Before we made cincinnati , we were overrun By refugees streaming west . They were burned and bloodied and sick . They 'd lost everything . It was heartbreaking , truly . Ooh , try the camembert . Try it . It 's divine . We offered them what little comfort we could . Of course , we shared their provisions . Of course . Yeah , that 's right . Thanks , paul . Many of the refugees joined us as we headed north Up to arrowhead to resupply . Well , i mean , obviously you made it here , But what happened to everyone else ? We hit raiders outside detroit . I escaped , But mercado and the others- - they weren 't so lucky . - Doubt it was luck . - Nolan . Come on , i wanna hear this . I made my way here to arrowhead alone , Found the entrance , but i didn 't know the passcode . Would have died from the elements Had it not been for an angel who came to my rescue . An angel named george . - I 'm not really an angel . - That 's a matter of opinion . ( pottinger ) george here brought me inside , And he and his fellow biomen kept station arrowhead Humming along since the pale wars ended . It 's a remarkable place . It 's completely self-sustaining . It was built as a refuge for the government elite In case the world went to hell . There 's a fully stocked seed vault , Functional rain chamber . There 's even dna samples of old-world animals . Cows and goats , cats and dogs . I had a dog once . He only had three legs . I know , georgie , i know , But he 's in a much better place now . - Isn 't he ? - Mm . This is the last of the stuff . [ groans ] Guilty conscience eating at you ? It 's a headache . [ sighs ] It 's nothing . Look at this . So ? It 's just part of a boom box . The arch was full of old radio junk . Look at these burns and how the edges Are blown out from the inside . This radio was the casing for the bomb . Let 's see if we can get a print off it . [ classical music ] So it 's just you here underground ? With your four color-coordinated biomen . Your own little slice of heaven , if you ask me . ( pottinger ) nolan 's sarcasm notwithstanding , Yes , i have built quite the pleasant life for myself . I read . I write . I farm . I 've even been known to dabble in carpentry From time to time . [ laughs , coughs ] - You all right ? - [ coughs ] I 'm glad you 're happy . I appreciate that , amanda , i do . I 've missed you . I 've missed you an awful lot . [ chuckles ] Well , before i start blubbing all over myself , Let 's get to it . I can 't imagine this is a social visit . What you need ? Food ? Building materials ? Guns . Since the e-rep fell apart , The votanis collective has been growing in strength . They blew up the arch . Good lord . It 's gone completely ? Yes . I can only imagine how deeply it affects you , amanda . Why did you let me prattle on about myself so much ? - You were kind of on a roll . - [ chuckles ] I 'm afraid i do still rather enjoy the sound of my own voice . Your request is granted . Ringo , show our friends to the armory . Yeah ? Let them take as many weapons As they can fit into their roller . All right , then . Niles , i can 't thank you enough . My pleasure . Oh , amanda , amanda . Could i have a word in private ? I 'm fine . Go . Nolan doesn 't trust me . I don 't trust anyone . Do you wanna blow this ? I 'm not leaving you alone with this guy . I can handle him . I mean it . Go . I 'll be back in ten minutes . ( pottinger ) very good . [ elevator dings ] [ romantic music ] ¶ ¶ [ amanda sighs ] Is this a conversation or a seduction ? Hopefully both . I 've been thinking about six months ago , When i left defiance for new york , How you refused to join me . You know i care about you- - No , no , no , no , no . It 's-it 's all right . I completely understand . There were so many distractions . Protecting defiance , rebuilding the e-rep , Fighting the v.C. This period of solitude Has--has clarified certain ... Primal sanities . You and i are special . We 're bound together in a deep and fundamental manner . But eve could not truly join her adam ... Until ... The perfect eden revealed itself . And now it has . Amanda , what would you say to the idea Of staying on here permanently ? ¶ oh , i want the truth to be said ¶ [ groans ] [ nolan sighs ] We getting the band back together ? [ clears throat ] I didn 't mean to intrude . Surprising an omec is a dangerous pursuit . Forgive me . I came for your culture lessons . We never specified a time . And that , i think , is a lie . [ chuckles ] Partially , yes . My husband is in a mood , And i was anxious for some more pleasant company . Something to take my mind off the arch . The gateway arch is a human monument . Why should a shanje such as yourself Care about its destruction ? My son alak ran the radio station From the top of the arch . It meant more to him than anything else . I see . Would you care for something to drink ? Haven 't you done enough for defiance ? I can 't hide underground and watch my town burn . You know that . We 're meant to be together . Yeah ? I belong to you , And you belong to me . Amanda , you 're mine . [ gasps ] What ? " you 're mine , " that 's what my attacker said in new york- - Oh , i 'm so sorry . Of course- - Of course you told me all about that night . I 'm so sorry , okay ? It was just- - It was an unfortunate choice of words . No , no , no . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , you think you 're over something , And then it just comes back at you in unexpected ways . Uh , do you have any scotch ? [ bottles clink ] Real scotch . That 's bourbon . I checked earlier . Of course you did . I 'll be right back . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ So you have no idea whether your son is alive or not ? I can only pray to rayetso for his safe return . I , too , am no stranger to loss of family . I 'm sorry . I have learned to find solace in our great works . The most enduring are about finding meaning in loss . I spent many long nights on my ship Considering what the indogene had done to us . I could not help but wonder if we had not brought Tragedy upon ourselves . Death breeds death . The greatest omec opera was about that very thing . [ speaks native language ] Yes . [ chuckles ] It 's my favorite . [ humming tune ] ¶ ¶ [ t 'evgin joins humming tune ] ¶ ¶ [ giggles ] Why have you really come here , my lovely little show-off ? I want the truth . The entire truth . Isn 't it obvious ? [ speaking omec ] [ sensual music ] ¶ ¶ [ moaning ] [ t 'evgin snarling ] [ panting ] Would you like to go again ? [ chuckles ] [ groans ] You took a nice shot there . Turn your head to the light , so i can check your pupils . [ groans ] Do you know your name ? Yeah , joshua nolan . Good . I 'm samir . Do you remember what happened to you ? Oh , bioman took a cheap shot . You a medic ? I was a veterinarian ... Before new york got destroyed . But now i work on humans and sensoths And everything in between . Any nausea ? No , no , i 'm fine . Hard head . Yeah , that cut on your head , how did you get that ? Long , complicated story . [ sighs ] Uh , that 's locked , by the way . [ sighs ] How many biomen on site ? Oh , just the fab four . Yeah ? You have people with you ? Used to . 30 of us from new york . We managed to escape after the great terraforming disaster . Um , after a few months , we met up With pottinger 's soldiers on the road . I mean , e-rep , we thought they 'd keep us safe . Until pottinger just went nuts . I mean , he put a bullet through his commanding officer 's head And then declared himself in charge . Some of us tried to stop him . People died . After that , pottinger knew that none of us trusted him , So to keep people in line , He forced me to wire A dead-man switch to his chest . You 're shitting me . If pottinger 's heart stops beating , It triggers a bomb . What kind of a bomb ? Uh , you remember portland ? Yeah , i 've seen the crater . He wired himself to a singularity bomb ? Yeah . If he dies , this whole place gets sucked into a wormhole . ( nolan ) we gotta get out of here now . Put that down . Where 's nolan ? In the armory . Can you take me to him ? No . George , why is that door padlocked ? [ sighs ] it 's-it 's private . In the elevator , you said i reminded you Of the girl in the movies . Who is she ? What did you mean ? [ footsteps approaching ] Thank you , george . That 'll be all . I should stay . I think she might try to hurt you . Oh . I don 't think she 's happy here . You 're very perceptive , george . Your boss said something to me that reminded me Of a bad thing that happened , so , yes , I 'm not happy . But it 's nothing an old-world single malt can 't fix . I can wait outside the doors . What is he , a bioman or a jealous girlfriend ? Go see to the dishes , george . I shan 't ask you again . Okay . Rather like a labrador , isn 't he ? [ chuckles ] So i 've been thinking about your offer . I 'm willing to stay , But there 's a price . Go on . I 'll do anything to keep defiance safe . You offered us a roller filled with weapons , But that 's not nearly enough . I propose we send nolan back With the weapons , he returns with a caravan To haul everything back to defiance . - Everything ? - Mm-hmm . Every single weapon in your armory , Down to the last firecracker . Defiance gets the guns , And you get me . All right , jackass . Open the door . The screening room . Now ! Amanda , please . [ gun cocks ] Open it , or i open you . All right , all right . Something you must know about me first . I 'm not well . The abuse i suffered when i was ... Attacked by votans at my boarding school- - Shut up ! Move ! Okay . Okay . How do you like it , hmm ? My special place . ( amanda ) what is all this stuff ? This mask . This flashlight . Now listen to me carefully . When i love someone , I become completely and utterly enthralled with them , Their tragedies , everything . What 's on these video chips ? Uh , just all the video diaries of ... Play this one with my name on it . Now . Play it ! Now ! Okay . [ sighs ] [ clears throat ] Such ethereal beauty . [ cries ] I can 't believe i didn 't see this . Before me it was connor . Ah , we were school chums . He protected me when the votan attacked . He saved me . I loved him . And then what ? Then you followed him to new york ? Hmm , yes . Connor didn 't want to see me . So sometimes i would follow people who were close to him , So they might lead me to him . Like that night in central park When i was attacked ? Yeah , yeah , i saw what happened , And i wanted to stop it , okay ? But i froze . I was a coward . But after your attacker left , I wanted to help you . But how could i justify being there , amanda ? In that moment , all my guilt , all my shame , My self-hatred , it just exploded into a rage . But i chased after your attacker , And i caught him . I bashed in his skull , And i rolled his body into the the river , for you . Yet you kept his mask and flashlight ? They 're replicas ! ( amanda ) replicas ? Bullshit ! Come on , amanda . Please put down the gun . That 's it . Pass it to me . Okay , if you shot me , The entire station would 've exploded . [ gunshot ] - ah ! [ groaning ] [ ominous music ] ¶ ¶ Looks like we 're all still here . - Let 's move . - I 'm right behind you . You 're not supposed to open the door . Okay , he 's , uh ... He 's really new here . He doesn 't know- - [ grunts ] [ grunting ] [ nolan groans ] [ pants ] [ groaning ] [ screaming ] [ ringo growling ] Nice thinking , doggie doctor . [ growls ] [ gunshot in distance ] Amanda . Come on ! Please , stop . If you kill me , we will all die . I wanna hear you say it . Admit what you did ! Say it ! Please , amanda ... Don 't do this . [ gunshot ] - [ screams ] - Say it . - [ screams ] [ gunshot ] - [ screams ] - say it . - I love you ! - Say it ! [ gunshot ] [ screams ] Say it ! [ groans ] Amanda , no ! - Samir ! - I 'm on it ! Keep him alive . Don 't let him die . Come on . Hey . Hey . He raped me . Come on , come on . No , no , no , no , no . [ crying ] it was him . [ alarm blaring ] He 's dead . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ ( nolan ) we gotta get out of here . Amanda , come on ! Hey ! We gotta go ! Come on ! ¶ ¶ Faster ! Faster ! Come on ! Pretty . ¶ ¶ Ah , you 're awake . I made some pancakes . I got the ingredients from the needwant bazaar . Oh , thank you . I hope you like them . Oh . [ laughs ] Enjoy them while they 're hot . Oh , your needle . I suppose we should discuss the poison . Poison ? You 're not the first castithan concubine That has attempted to murder me . Your people know nothing about my physiology , And that 's exactly the way i like it . I have lived for many , many centuries , And the longer my people live , The more difficult we are to kill . So why do you want me dead ? Actually , i don 't . And i don 't want to be killed , So i guess that puts us on the same page . As the humans say . So why the poison ? I lied earlier . I know exactly where my son is . The votanis collective have taken him hostage . They ordered me to kill you , Or his life would be forfeit . What will you tell them ? The truth . I have failed . Will you try again ? Do i have any chance of success ? [ chuckles ] i 'm afraid not . What shall you do ? In my entire life , No man has ever made a meal for me . I feel i should thank you . [ laughs ] [ giggles ] You know whose badge that is . Of course i do . I miss him too . - I loved tommy . - Shut up ! You don 't kill what you love ! [ gasps ] It wasn 't me . It was the machine ! Is it a machine holding a knife to my neck right now ? [ groaning ] [ screaming ] [ knife clatters ] [ groans ] What the chup ? Nolan , i 'm so sorry . Don 't . If i hadn 't killed pottinger , we would have those weapons To fight the v.C. Yeah , possible . Also possible that killing pottinger saved us From being murdered by biomen Or , in your case , something much worse . [ kisses ] What 's that for ? For being one of the good guys . - [ groans ] - nolan ? Nolan ! Nolan ! He 's bleeding ! Get me a stick ! [ groaning ] ( samir ) the blood 's coming from his head wound . - What caused it ? - Some kind of votan tech . - More specific ! - I don 't know ! You need to make an educated guess Because whatever 's inside this man 's head Is killing him . [ groaning ] What 's wrong with you ? [ gasping ] Help me . Please .
