 ( dog barks , lion growls ) ( dog continues barking ) Hey , murdoch . What 's the matter , boy ? Huh ? What are you looking at ? Hey , shh ... ( murdoch growls ) It 's okay , there 's nothing out there . ( barks ) Hey , dock . Come on , hey , quit your whimpering , eh ? Let 's get back to camp . Come on . Come on , dock . Hey , dock , come on . Man : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , Locked them up , killed them for sport . But what if , all across the globe , The animals decided , " no more " ? What if they finally decided to fight back ? ( man speaks indistinctly ) Get ready to have a good day . Five accepted mass extinction events . What are you doing ? Did he say you could look at that ? No . He 's out cold with a hangover . Go and get the trucks ready . Rise and shine , jackson . We have a dozen impatient swedes waiting For us to show them the rhino . Go away . The dinosaurs sensed the impending devastation . ( clinking ) You 're not going away , are you ? ( chuckles ) Major biotic crises- - Volcanic , glacial , oceanic . Global de-evolution , extinction events . Catastrophic . Devastating . What if , prior to any of these events , The animals knew what was coming ? Though we may be too ignorant , Too unwilling to recognize it , We can even ignore the ... The defiant pupil . Denial is ... What does your father mean , jackson ? I 'm confused . Of course you are , little man . It 's gibberish . What does he mean when he says " the defiant pupil " ? I don 't know . He was a professor . He had a student who wouldn 't listen . Defiant , like you , daniel . Now , Go see to the trucks and put the radio parts on the plane . We 'll bring them out to simon this afternoon . Radio parts ? The radio at simon 's camp is on the blink . I thought we could fly out there and help them fix it . I haven 't been able to reach him for two days . What is this ? A potion . To help Remedy the effects of drinking with the swedes . Come on . Don 't be such a coward . It 's just lemon , Nutmeg , grape seed oil , herbs . And two heaping tablespoons of baboon dung . ( chuckles ) ( trumpeting ) This delta is an actual oasis in an arid climate . There have been over 70 species of fish That have been catalogued to live in this delta . Now , the thing to remember about the black rhino , Which is why they 're tricky to find , Is that they live in transitional habitats . ¶ one , two , three , four ¶ ¶ get up ¶ ¶ get on up ¶ ¶ get up ¶ ¶ get on up ¶ ¶ stay on the scene ¶ ¶ get on up ¶ ¶ like a sex machine ¶ ¶ get on up ¶ ¶ get up ¶ ¶ get on up ¶ ¶ hit it ! ¶ The hell 'd you do that for ? ! We are opposed to animal murder in this zip code . I have a valid license to hunt that rhino . Well , just because it 's legal doesn 't make it right . Hunter : Are you kidding me ? I paid 200 grand for that license . Well , i paid nine dollars for this hat . Seems like we both got ripped off . We have a problem here ? N-no problem , rafiki . What do you mean " no problem " ? Trust me , mr . Weber . There is no problem . Enjoy the beautiful day . She really said she wants an open relationship ? Yeah , she did . That is kind of awesome , no ? Uh ... Sure . Until you factor in the secondary component . Which is ? So can she . So can she what ? Sleep with anybody she wants to . And i can 't get mad . Really ? Really . Can i have her cell phone number ? ( chuckles ) I got to be honest , The moment she said that , I lost all interest in other women . ( snarling ) It 's like when you 're a kid and your ma says You can have all the french fries you want . ( growling ) Then suddenly you don 't want french fries . ( growling ) You know what i mean , dude ? ( roaring ) Reporter : Three dead and five others wounded As a pair of lions escaped city of angels zoo And made their way into the crowded mid-wilshire section Of hollywood , where they killed two more men in an alley . It took lapd and animal control services till nearly sunrise To take them down . Yes , i understand . You said that . And please tell mr . Fremer That i do not accept that explanation . Why ? Well , for one thing , Those lions behaved entirely out of character . They escaped The zoo by killing their trainer , a trainer who had been With them for years , since they were cubs . They 've had a regular routine for all of that time , Until eight months ago when the zoo began feeding its animals With food from reiden global . Man : Campbell . So for mr . Fremer to say that there 's no correlation ... Campbell . She wants to see you . I got a thing . Yeah , she doesn 't care about your thing . Now . Woman : First , Let me direct you to the masthead . This paper 's masthead . My paper 's masthead . Which indicates it 's owned by ... Gdj international . Now i 'd like to direct your attention to this . It 's a blog . It 's called somewhat damaged . And it 's written by a person who calls herself The girl with the genie tattoo . Never heard of it . No ? Oh , it 's your typical noisy , Nosy firebrand crap . Raging at injustice And corporate misconduct . But the girl with the genie tattoo Has a specific hatred For a particular biotechnology company . Okay . This is her latest entry . Perhaps you 'd like to read the highlighted part Out loud . " lawrence fremer , chairman of the l.A. Parks services , " is the latest to fall prey " to the evil agrochemical company 's pettifoggery " when he agreed to a service contract with reiden global , " and , as a consequence , two lions ran amok , Killing three people . " And can you guess who owns reiden global ? Gdj international . Okay . What does any of this have to do with me ? Come on , jamie . Don 't take us for fools . I 've been editing your copy For two years now . And you 've used the word " pettifoggery " On several occasions . I know , because i had to look it up . And based on that flimsy logic , You think i 'm the person who 's writing this blog ? Are you gonna force me to ask you to strip down So we can see whether or not somewhere on your body Is the tattoo of a genie ? Man : When we get to simon 's camp , I 'm going to talk to him about daniel . He has big dreams . He wishes to be a scientist , like the great robert oz . ( chuckles ) he 's always asking why . Why is the sky blue ? Why does the plane fly ? Why does the lion roar ? ( chuckles ) Me , i 'm a man of pleasure . I prefer " when . " When is my next meal ? When is my next drink ? When is my next woman ? And i prefer " how , " As in how will i get you to stop talking ? ( chuckles ) besides , if daniel really wants to be a scientist , He shouldn 't be watching those tapes . They 're nonsense . Extinction events and dinosaurs and ... All those tapes really document Is a brilliant man coming unhinged . As you have said , " all men are unknowable . But with animals you know where you stand . " My friend , jackson oz , the philosopher Of the okavango delta . Animals are predictable . They want food . They want shelter . They don 't have egos . They don 't have insecurities . They don 't kill themselves . No . They don 't do that either . Hmm . Where are the kuwakaribisha girls , With their welcomes and hot towels and cold lemonade ? Maybe they 're just over you and your excessive flirting . ( chuckles ) Well , the safari vehicles are out . But the cook staff ? Housekeeping ? They never leave . Bandits ? There 's been no report of bandit activity In this area in years . I 'm sure there 's a simple explanation for all this , abe . ( clicks on radio ) ( garbled radio transmissions ) The radio 's working . Simon had said They were having issues with it , but ... Since i couldn 't raise him over the past few days , I assumed he had given up the ghost . But ... Hey . You got to see this . What is it ? Man ( on video ) : Me and hoon here are too damn sunburned . Much as we both like that french chick . There 's always tonight . ( people screaming ) ¶ ¶ What is it ? Lion dung . And there are tracks . The tracks of a single lion . Yeah , but a single lion coming into camp wouldn 't scare everybody off , Especially not with your cousin presiding over things here . No . But what did ? Tv newsman : And now , in international news , Tonight experts are gathering in the philippines To discuss what they say may be the largest volcanic eruption In the last 100 years . While no one can say for sure , predictions are that Mount hana will erupt sometime in the next nine months . Earlier today , the government has declared A state of emergency ... Pettifoggery . Newsman : ... And has begun the first phase in what is expected To be a full-scale evacuation of the island . ( knocking ) Earlier today ... Really , dude ? " don 't take us for fools , jamie " ? What was i supposed to say ? I don 't know , maybe a single word in my defense . Your defense ? Jamie , i 've been telling you For a year now that this blog is idiotic , That eventually you were gonna get caught . You could 've said something in support of me , no ? No , i couldn 't . ( exasperated grunt ) Because we both agreed it 's in neither of our best interests To have our situation known . What situation is that , ethan ? If you 're referring to the situation in which You 're having sex with a junior reporter under your purview , I can assure you that situation has been twice-nullified . Because i 'm no longer under your purview , And you 're no longer going to have sex with me . Jamie , Just be accountable , okay ? Stop chasing the unicorn that killed kennedy . " unicorn that killed kennedy " ? How long have you been saving that one up , ethan ? You have such a driving desire to unearth some vast conspiracy , That you impose it on nothing . There 's no proof , none , that reiden had anything ... Do not do that , ethan . Do not . You know what happened in folsom . It is one thing to tell me i 'm wrong , But don 't you dare question my motives . Jamie ... Don 't you dare disparage my integrity ! I 'm not suggesting That you 're not a good journalist . I mean , everyone knows that you 're ... Uh , we are in the midst of an active investigation Into exactly what caused this morning 's Lion attack . Well , we know what happened , dipstick . You hired reiden and people died . Jamie . Our primary concern , as always , Is with the safety of the general public . You can let yourself out , ethan . I got unicorns to chase . This devastating incident ... Well , i parboil them first , you know ? That 's two whole days . And then- - and this is , uh , This is the key- - I wrap ... I 'll be right back . Thanks . What the hell are you doing here ? At my house ? Really ? I came to ask you a few questions- - the last thing I expected to find was you having a party One day after three people died on your watch . Look , like i 've told you , we 're doing everything We possibly can to see what brought about that lion attack . Oh . Well , then would you care to comment On information we have in regards to the zoo 's choice Of food suppliers being adjusted due to budgetary restrictions ? Information culled from where , Ms. Campbell ? Our previous vendors ? Our previous , disgruntled vendors ? That doesn 't sound like a denial . Our supplier was changed because we 're moving To a more environmentally-safe food source , that is all . So you will continue to feed the animals With food supplied by reiden ? As do more than half The zoos in the country . Reiden isn 't the culprit . Maybe that 's a story you should be following With that dogged journalistic paranoia of yours . What story ? Oh , someone 's been abducting The cats in the neighborhood . Dozens have gone missing in the last few weeks , And just last night they took my daughter 's cat , Cupcake . So if you don 't mind , ms . Campbell ... Who would steal cats ? ( sighs ) : I have no idea . But when you find him , let me know , Because i want to smash his face in . Get the hell off my property . Jackson : I 've been thinking about what you once told me About the ura . The rebel army . Yes , what of them ? You said that when they raid a village , They all go in single file , So as to only leave one set of footprints So that no one would ever know How many of them had been present at the attack . Yeah ? Yes . So ? Well , what if ... What if it wasn 't one lion in simon 's camp That scared everybody off , but many ? In single file . ( chuckling ) : Sure . And they all played musical chairs . Yeah . Yeah , you 're right , That 's , uh , that 's ridiculous . What 's that ? Jackson : That 's one of simon 's vehicles . ¶ ¶ ( insects chirping ) ¶ ¶ Stay here . Keep me covered . ( groans ) Hujambo ! Mtu yeyote huko ? ( grass rustles ) ( grass rustles ) ( growling ) Whoa , whoa , hey , hey ! What happened ? ( speaking french ) are you all right ? I don 't know what you 're saying . Do you speak english ? Abraham ! ( lion growls ) Abraham ! ( gunshot ) Abraham ! ( gunshots ) we have to go ! My friend . That 's my friend ... We have to go ! ( roars ) ( gunshot ) We have to go ! Abraham ! We have to go ! ( lion growls ) Jackson : Come on ! I got you ! Run ! Get in , get in ! ( roars ) ( screams , lion snarls ) ( screaming ) ( engine stalls ) ( lion thuds on roof ) ( engine starts ) ( snarling ) Here . Drink this . It 's kentucky bourbon . My name 's jackson . Chloe . Chloe . Okay . Can you tell me what happened , chloe ? We were out ... We were looking for animals . There were perhaps 15 of us . There was a japanese couple And a group of russian tourists . And-and the guide- - He ... He-he wanted us To-to go see some gazelles , And so we got off the car , We got closer to-to the gazelles , And-and ... And then I-i heard a noise . I looked back and ... It was the bus driver . He was getting attacked . And something fell down on us from a tree . It was a lion , and then a second lion And a third lion ... Simon tried to fire at them with his gun . But the lions got to him first . I-i tried to help the others , but I knew i was gonna die , and ... How does that even happen ? At what point do you die ? How does one get eaten to death ? I don 't know . They do good work in kentucky . Yeah . ( camera shutter clicks , gorilla snarls ) ( screeches ) Excuse me . Mitch morgan ? I 'm jamie campbell . We spoke on the phone . Right . L.A. Telegraph . Yeah . That 's right . What can i do for you ? Uh , you 're the animal coroner ? Veterinary pathologist . I 'm sorry ? Pathologist , not coroner . Oh . I specialize in diagnosing Animal disease through examination of their tissue , Bodily fluids . Other stuff . " coroner " suggests that They have to be dead to be of interest to me . They do not . You want to know what incited the lions to kill the zookeeper ? And the men downtown , yeah . Well ... That makes two of us . Where 'd you grow up ? Pardon ? Where 's home ? Why is that important right now ? I don 't know . I think it 's called friendly chitchat . Louisiana , originally . I love louisiana . Spent a year there . Studying the nutria . Big old river rats . Saw a lot of swamps . Ate a lot of jambalaya . All right , this is nick . And eddie . Oh , sorry . Kind of gross , i know . No , it 's , uh ... It 's fine . They were siblings . Captured in the serengeti At about eight months old . And they 've been living without incident In that enclosure for the last 14 years . Body fat content was normal . No signs of abuse . No lacerations , no bruising . They were healthy , well-fed , Well-adjusted creatures . But they were raised in cages , so , In a way they 're kind of the victims here . Oh , you 're one of those . One of what ? One of those scientists Who prefers animals to humans . Well , i don 't just Prefer animals to humans , ms . Campbell . I also prefer pizza and beer to humans . Torrential rain storms . Traffic ... The zoo recently changed their food . They switched to a meat supplier that uses d-grade beef From a feedlot that raises their cattle On grain treated with pesticides . Pesticides ? You mean reiden global . Yes ! Yes , that 's it . You don 't want to see these anymore , right ? No . Reiden sells products all over the world . Who knows what kind of damage they 're doing ? It wasn 't the food . I mean , it might 've constipated them , Cancer worst case , but ... It wouldn 't have changed their behavior . Okay , but this doesn 't just happen . Sadly , sometimes it does . Nine times . There are 350 zoos In the united states That attract 175 million visitors a year . The first one opened in 1874 . That 's 141 years . And in all that time , There are only nine documented cases Of unprovoked zoo lions killing humans . More people died choking on hot dogs than lion attacks . It doesn 't just happen . Something caused this . How bad is that cut ? I think it 's okay . Here . Try that . Thank you . Yeah ? ( laughs ) This is my honeymoon . Your honeymoon ? Was your husband ... ? No , my husband is back in paris . Although he never became my husband . Five weeks before we were Gonna get married , i learned he was having an affair . I 'm sorry to hear that . That must 've been a shock . Yeah , it was . French men typically wait until after the wedding To begin their sleeping around . So , the wedding was canceled , But the safari honeymoon was planned . And i decided to come on my own . You know , i needed to be as far away from paris as possible . The guide from my camp , He-he was your friend ? Yes . And his cousin abraham is ... Was my best friend . The man who went into the bus . The man who went into the bus . ( thuds , then hisses ) Whoa ! Hold on , hold on , hold on . What 's wrong ? ! What 's wrong ? ( stammers ) it seems that the lions Got to the radiator . Okay , so what do we do ? Well , camp is barely six miles from here . Six miles ? ! With the radio that we can use to call for help . Y-you 're not suggesting that ... Yeah , yeah . We walk . Chloe : We 're not walking , okay ? I 'm staying here in this car . If we move at a healthy clip , We can make simon 's camp before dark . No , i ... I 'm not getting out . Chloe , i can 't think of anything that i want to do less Than climb out of this car right now . So do not ! Free will is what separates us from the animals ! Free will and this truck ! Okay , listen to me . Listen to me . I know one thing about lions , all right ? They recently fed . They won 't be doing any long trekking in search of dinner . I promise you , We will be fine . You 're lying to me . I can see the look in your eyes . Okay . Something clearly is not right here . Exactly . Back at the vehicles , There were at least five male lions . All right , they never travel like that . The typical pride consists of ... Females , their offspring , And one or at most ... Two males . Look , i don 't know what 's going on here . But i do know that we do not want To be here when night falls . ( car door closes ) Jamie : So , what now ? Now ? Now i drop These samples at the lab , head home , Try to write up a lesson plan . I teach a little at ucla . Yeah . But don 't you want to know what happened ? So it doesn 't happen again ? Well , the good news is , if your statistics hold true , It 'll be another 15.6 years Before anything like this does happen again . Oh , maybe you 're right . Maybe i 'm just chasing the unicorns that killed kennedy . Should i know what that means ? Is that , like , a saying ? No . I 'm sorry i couldn 't give you what you wanted , all right ? Sometimes a mystery is just a mystery . Yeah , like missing cats in brentwood . That 's a saying . ( laughs ) : No . Apparently there 's a rash of missing cats in brentwood . Hmm , how do they know they 're missing ? Maybe they just couldn 't get into a good private school . ( chuckles ) Here , my cell 's on there . You know , usually when a girl gives me her phone number , It doesn 't have anything to do with rampaging lions . It 's in case something occurs to you . Fair enough . See you around . Jackson : There 's a stepped slope over there , And that 'll take us down to the water . Staying on the move is safest . Okay . So you 've been here a long time ? Africa ? A little more than 12 years . From boston originally . This is a long way from boston . Why africa ? I suppose because it 's a long way from boston . ( lion growls ) Don 't move . Just get behind me . Slowly get behind me . ( mumbling ) The defiant ... ( roars ) ( screams ) ( both grunting ) Ow . Hey , you okay ? You okay ? Ow . ( lions roar ) You got it , come on , just walk . Chloe : We 're here , so what 's wrong ? You 're thinking about something . My father ... My father was a scientist , okay ? He had all these theories about animal behavior . Some of it was some very far out-there stuff . But what does this mean , " far out-there stuff " ? Well , uh , for instance , he wondered Why animals , uh , continue to live in fear of their predators , When in theory ... Right ? In theory , they have the ability to coordinate And kill whatever species is a threat . But his theories , they ... They never quite added up , Which nearly drove him crazy . Not nearly- - actually . It actually drove him crazy . I 'm sorry . Anyway , my , uh ... My father made all these tapes . His manifesto of sorts . And i have them back at the camp . Now , sometimes when he 's rambling , He talks about a defiant pupil . That this defiant pupil Is the indisputable proof That his theory was correct . What is this " defiant pupil " ? Well , that 's just it . Up until today , i thought it was a student . ( scoffs ) But now i think ... I think that What he was talking about ... I saw back there in that lion 's left eye . Right before we fell . And i think Maybe my father wasn 't entirely crazy . Botswana center , this is jackson oz . I 'm calling from msisimko safari camp . We have multiple missing persons . We need a search-and-rescue team out here immediately . Hey . Hey . I talked to brenda , And she 's agreed to reinstate you . Conditionally . I have to shut down my site . ( scoffs ) which is no great tragedy , jamie . I mean , come on , your blog gets 24,000 unique eyeballs . The paper has 4.2 million readers . I like my unique eyeballs . Look , why don 't we take a vacation ? You and me , we 'll go up to ojai for the weekend . I don 't need a vacation ; i need a reset . ( cell phone chirps ) Ethan : Who 's mitch morgan ? He 's just a guy . I hope he 's not part of your reset . ( scoffs ) Come on , jamie . Ojai . Some wine , some massages- - what do you say ? ( scoffs ) i say i just lost my job . And i don 't know if this thing we 've been doing For the past year even has a name , But i can 't say i feel good about it . Look , jamie . This is an opportunity for a do-over here . On both fronts . I mean , you come back to work , And we take our thing to the next level . ( cell phone chirps ) I don 't want to lose you in either . What do you say ? This is me hoping " i found the cats " isn 't a line you use On the girls in the bars . I don 't go to bars . Right , you don 't like people . I like people . Just prefer it when they 're not around . You found the cats ? Well , i got to thinking about what you said . Dozens of missing cats just seemed so , you know , odd . Domestic cats will wander , But they 'll always come back to their food source . And a mass cat-kidnapping seemed to defy reason . So ... I thought maybe there was a predator . Okay . Figured i 'd drive around the neighborhood a bit , See if i saw anything . You went on a cat stakeout ? I did . Uh , one crossed the road- - siamese , Which means somebody 's pet . So i followed it . The cat stakeout turned into a cat pursuit . Yeah . Look , you 're kind of freaking me out right now . So what happened ? Where 's the cat ? You got to see for yourself . I made some coffee . Hope you like it black and bitter 'cause it 's all we got here . Thank you . That was fast . Hey ! Hey ! Officer : Jackson oz ? Yes ! You 're under arrest . For what ? Interference ... With lawful hunting . Oh . Listen to me , man . Hey , hey , i called you guys . No ... Oh , you got to , you 've got to be kidding me ! This is a joke ! Listen to me , listen to me . I got to get back to my camp , okay ? There 's something going on with the lions ! ( whispers indistinctly ) Get inside . Hey , listen to what i 'm telling you . We got a big problem here ! Robert : Our ability to think . To interpret , to imagine . In the end , that 's what distinguishes humans From other animals . Abstract thought . Poetry . Analogy . But what 's the measure of our cognitive advantage Over the lesser species ? Humanity 's progress has guided our world To the edge of destruction . But consider the birds and the bees . The bears . The barracuda . As mankind sails the world toward the tip of the iceberg , What survival strategy will they employ ? Will they man the lifeboats and die on the stormy seas ? ( lions growling ) Or will they perhaps take matters into their own hands And toss overboard the captain of the ship ? If you 're planning on showing me a dead cat , I have better things i can be doing . Okay . ( cat purrs ) ( meows ) Oh , hey , you found a few of them . ( cats meowing ) This is an elementary school . Yeah . But in the summer it 's a day camp . And camp starts tomorrow . ( lion growling ) Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
