 Previously on stitchers ... Hey , fisher . Welcome to the stitchers program . Kirsten , i have to tell you something . It 's about ed clarke . L.A.P.D. Is officially ruling his death as a suicide . I 'm looking forward to the day i prove you wrong . Kirsten : Ed ripped someone out of this picture . Any ideas who it was ? Maggie : No , but i assume it 's someone he didn 't think very highly of . Does anyone outside of the program know the nature of your work here ? Not that i 'm aware of . But what about inside the program ? If you ever feel uncomfortable or experience any side effects , Promise you 'll tell me , okay ? Cameron : Peter brant . This gent 's our bomber . Lisa keller died last night at a rave in hollywood from a drug overdose . Maggie : Lilly ross . Lilly and her husband scott were on their honeymoon . He found her body in the alley . Stitching affects you . It makes you different for a little bit . Sometimes people get hurt . ( pop music playing ) ¶ i used to listen to the swan song over and over ¶ ¶ and it made me so hungover ¶ ¶ maybe now i don 't like to write so much ' cause ¶ ¶ it requires liking things too much and ¶ ¶ i haven 't liked anything in a long time ... ¶ You forgot the cheese . Well , good morning , camille . How 'd you sleep ? Fine . Thanks for asking . You ? Who sent you catcher in the rye ? I don 't know . I found it out front When i came back from my run . - Who said you could open my stuff ? - Force of habit . At least now i don 't have to reseal it And pretend it never happened . You know what ? Speaking of personal boundaries , You wore my yfb shirt , didn 't you ? Me ? No . Why ? Because it smells like curry And you love curry , and i hate curry . Hey , can i borrow your shirt for a date i have last night ? You can 't ask today for something you borrowed yesterday . But with you everything feels like it already happened . - And ? - So let 's move my asking to borrow your shirt To yesterday , where it belongs . Yes , you can borrow my shirt . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . Well , this is good . This is progress . You and me , roomies . We 're sharing each other 's stuff , and you know what ? I haven 't read catcher in the rye in awhile . And it is kind of awesome , so can i borrow it ? - No . - Okay . Baby steps it is . Do we have any cheese ? Justin link , 30 , died of a massive heart attack After the breakfast rush at his food truck . - Oh , i love that truck . - Why ? All it has is ridiculously expensive toast . It 's artisanal toast . Both : And now he 's toast . If he wasn 't murdered , why are we stitching into him ? Because when he wasn 't serving up toast and coffee , Justin was quite the busy conspiracy blogger . Bigfoot and aliens kind of stuff , or- - More like 9 / 11 was a false flag operation . - He was a nutbag . - Actually , justin was ex-cia . Went off the reservation a few years ago . As you can see from his blog , Justin lost himself in conspiracies About government secrecy , spying , and cover-ups . He 's here , and we are stitching into him , linus , Because his posts consistently came A bit too close to the truth , Because nobody 's been able to determine his sources , And because he ruffled the feathers Of an alphabet soup of government agencies . Justin claimed to have thousands of classified documents Locked up tight . Let me guess . Somewhere nobody could locate them . Well , he was trained to operate off the grid . The day before yesterday justin wrote that he received Classified documentation at 6 : 57 a.M. About another government program And conspiracy the public needs to know about . Here he promised to post it tonight . And as luck would have it Drops dead of natural causes Before he can go public with it . As far as we know , it was just a heart attack . The silver lining , however , Is we now have the opportunity to find out how And from whom he 's been getting his classified information . Ready ? - Stations , please . - Sample is online . Stitch journal sync in three . Remember , kirsten , we 're looking for justin 's stash Of alleged government goodies and sources . Two ! Justin 's mind is a quagmire Of weirdly interconnected links , So brace yourself . One ! Bones , buckle up . It 's going to be a bumpy ride . And mark . Whoa . Cameron , what 's happening ? Woman : Government conspiracy . Man : Uncovering the truth . Man # 2 : ... Technology , spying covertly ... Woman : The world order . Okay , this is weird . ( overlapping voices ) And that 's what i 'm saying . Carbs , good . Food pyramid promulgated by uncle sam , bad . What do you see , little darling ? I 'm at his truck and in his blog at the same time . Do something . I mean , it 's obviously a government-sponsored Soft-kill eugenics program Designed to depopulate the earth . Who 's got the maple butter ? So justin 's a little multiphasic little bugger . - Linus , filters , please . - Mm-hmm . You don 't even want to know What the department of defense is loading into chemtrails . Running the filter in three , Two , one . Agribusiness is killing off honey bees So they can corner the food supply with gmos . - Better ? - Yeah . A little . No . No , wait . Uh , i 'm not sure . Her limbic system is teetering . Paranoid reaction is elevated . Oh , crap . Oh , that 's good . Thank you . Ayo : She 's getting into trouble . - Deets , please . - I can 't . Too many . It 's coming too fast . Her brain is spinning into insanity and beyond . Just take a deep breath , kirsten . Just focus on what 's real . I 'm in the brain of a dead man . I work in a secret lab underneath a mediocre chinese restaurant . You tell me what 's real and i 'll happily focus on that . Cameron : Insane times call for insane measures . Okay . Kirsten ? You need to find his home base . Click your heels and say " there 's no place like home " three times . You can 't be serious . You need an anchor . The oz reference might ground you . There 's no place like home . There 's no place like home . There 's no place like home . Where you at now , stretch ? In his home . But home is inside the truck . He cooked where he slept ? I 'm so glad i didn 't know that when i ate there . We 're wasting time . She needs to find where he kept his secrets . Did he have a secure storage area of some sort maybe ? Like a safe , perhaps ? No , not that i can- - Hold on . I think he 's up to something . You 're not going to freaking believe this . ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ What exactly are we looking for here ? You 'll see . Yeah , you might not want to- - Oh . By the power of grey skull . I think i went to kindergarten with those computers . Yeah , they 're pre-wireless , pre-internet , Totally unhackable . He 's got subcategories in his sub-subcategories , Ciphers in his ciphers . Justin wasn 't taking any chances , He 's date and time-stamped everything , too . I think i found what justin was going to post tonight . - Uh-oh . - What uh-oh ? Go , go , go ! Go , go . ( car alarm blaring ) Well , that 's great . I think i read about these once . What kind of dark magic is this ? Linus , do we even have anything around here that can play this ? Um , let me jump in my delorean , I 'll go back to the future and see if i can grab it . We 've got to tell maggie . She 's not going to be happy . We could say something like , " maggie , you look lovely today . " but this ancient disk of justin 's Can 't be read by any of our fancy government technology ! " So what did you get off the disk ? Nothing . That ancient disk can 't be read by anything in our lab . Did i mention you 're looking lovely today ? Justin 's brain had a very short lifespan . There 's not going to be another stitch . So , dr . Goodkin , when choosing between solutions , And kissing my ass , i vote for solutions . I suppose we could find an old drive And an interface board , and we might be able To cobble up a transfer protocol of some kind . Yeah , i 'll check the net for parts . I 'll start working on a wiring diagram . Have it done by noon tomorrow . Dr. Goodkin ? Yeah , it 's something maggie calls me when she 's annoyed . She must call you that a lot . What 's going on ? You said to tell you If something was weird in the stitch . What happened ? You feeling okay ? What is it ? Yeah , i 'm fine . I 'm fine . It 's just i 'm seeing stuff That doesn 't make sense . That 's the nature of what we do . We make sense of these- - I don 't mean that . I mean i 'm seeing things that seem out of place In a particular person 's memory . And now i 'm seeing that same oddball thing In more than one person . I 'm not following . - Peter brant , remember him ? - Revenge bomber . I saw a teddy bear in his memories . Well , maybe it was his from when he was a kid . Maybe . But then why did i see that exact same bear In justin 's memory ? - How can that happen ? - It can 't . So it 's likely it 's a memory that belongs to neither of them . So it 's mine ? It 's possible . I don 't remember ever having a teddy bear like that . I don 't remember anything before my father ditched me with ed clark . Why would i start remembering that stuff now ? Could have something to do with hooking your brain up To a quantum computer and running enough power through it To light a very small city . I found an old picture that ed left for me , of him and my mother . He wrote the word " remember " on the back . Remember what ? Thanks , doc . Huh . Case missing . ( cellphone chimes ) Time 's up . Do you remember what i said ? I thought you said i had five more minutes . Yes , and those five minutes are up . I have work to do . It 's my turn to use the computer . You 've got more computers in the garage . Those are too old and slow . It has been five minutes , kirsten . I don 't know what five minutes feels like . Five minutes feels like ... That . - ( knocking on door ) - i 'm coming ! Hold your water . God . What does this look like to you ? The algorithm for stitching . Thank you for waking me up in the middle of the night to show this to me . Now , bye-bye . Ask me why i would risk my high-level clearance to all things stitchers By removing this from the lab . Because rules mean nothing to you . That would be true if i had actually taken it off premises , But i didn 't . I got it off this . Justin had that on that ? You know what this means ? Someone from inside the stitchers program gave it to him . There 's that . And i can 't rule out the possibility it was you . Why would i leak the most crucial information about my own lab ? Eliminate the impossible and whatever 's left , No matter how improbable , must be the truth . You leaking the algorithm for some unknown reason Is not impossible . Um , how do i know it wasn 't you ? Why would i wake you up to divulge the leak If i was the one doing the leaking ? To , uh , double fake me out ? - Give me your phone . - Why ? To prove you didn 't do it . You can 't prove a negative . You can 't not prove that i can 't . - Phone . - What happened to trust ? Trust ? Here 's trust . When we first met you pretended to be an anal jerk Only to cover that you were a slightly less anal jerk . You do things you don 't want to talk about And you don 't share anything with me other than recipes . I told you what really happened to marta , didn 't i ? Nothing i couldn 't have figured out on my own . Yes or no ? Did you leak the algorithm to justin ? - No ! - There 's only a handful of people Who have high-level clearance to access those codes . - You 're one of them . - Yeah , and so is maggie , linus , and camille . So weird . I keep getting these spam messages . You know what this is ? This is residual emotion from the stitch . You 're experiencing justin 's general distrust of everything . Give me your phone , dr . Smartypants . Dr. Smartypants . That 's the best you can do ? I don 't mock the stupid names you call me . They 're terms of endearment , dopey . And b.T.W. , that wasn 't one of them . That was an insult because you are being- - Dopey . I get it . Ouch . Phone . - What are you doing ? - Checking tracking location To see where you were at 6 : 57 a.M. Two days ago When the stitchers information was handed off to justin . - I disabled the app . - Not well enough . You were home . You didn 't do it . Hmm . You seem disappointed . Your turn . Let me see your phone . I disabled tracking and the encrypted uplink , Like you could have if you 'd known how . Well , don 't feel bad . Not many people do . - Guess i 'll have to trust you . - Just like that ? And i 'm the dopey one ? - What are you doing ? - Hacking into linus' lonely world To see if he 's the leak . You can 't seriously think that- - Like you said , he 's one of the few people Who have access to the full algorithm . - Yeah , but i only said that- - - just to cover yourself ? - Yes , but- - - he 's got his system on lockdown . You 're invading his privacy . You know that , right ? We 're stitchers . We invade privacy for a living . Yes , but this is linus . Look , i only need to see where he was When justin claims to have received the stitching codes . Why don 't you just call his mother to check his alibi ? - Good idea . - Now , now . Come on , kirsten . And look at it this way . How would you feel if one of us hacked into your stuff , huh ? My stuff is totally unhackable , so ... I 'd be impressed . My mother won 't run my life- - one word . One word . Capital on the " f " . Linus ' password . He told it to me when he had too many tequila shots . Okay , and for the record , Someday you are going to have to learn how to trust the people in your life . I 'm in . He has two smart phones And five computers linked to his home network system . Keystroke biometrics are a match on all of them So we know only he uses them . - And-- wow . - What ? For the last week linus has been pulling all-nighters Playing minecraft , knights of the old republic , Tron legacy , and three online chess games simultaneously . We must find this man a girlfriend . He was playing online when justin was given the algorithm . - Oops . - What " oops " ? He just locked me out . He knows we hacked into his- - ( ringing ) Why were you hacking into my computer ? To clear you of treason , linus . Uh , yeah , which- - that was all kirsten . I knew you weren 't guilty . You 're welcome . How did she figure out my password ? Uh , remember the other night after work ? Damn you , tequila . Someone leaked the algorithm For the stitch lab to justin . Our stitch lab ? No , the other stitch lab . Yes , our stitch lab ! And thanks to your gaming addiction we know it wasn 't you , And it wasn 't me our kirsten either , so ... Well , the only other people who have access to the codes , Are maggie and camille . - And it couldn 't have been camille . - Why not ? Because it , uh , it couldn 't . Yeah , that 's not going to fly with sherlock here . She needs cold hard proof that camille isn 't a baddie . So unless you were with her at the time- - I wasn 't with camille that morning . Why would you say that ? I mean , i wasn 't with camille that morning , Or any morning before work In the morning . Linus , i need you to get camille and- - That 's my sweatshirt . That 's my sweatshirt . Camille ? Camille ? Hey , kirsten , can i borrow your sweatshirt For a booty call with linus last night ? You hooked up with linus ? You hooked up with camille ? Yeah . Go me ! Look , to answer your question , Camille was staying at the hotel linus While the algorithm was leaked to justin . That leaves maggie . She 's going to be at the stitch lab soon . Meet us there . Get dressed . Linus . Camille . You know what ? Wear what you 're wearing . Let 's go . Oh ! Mind blown . Put these on . Cameron . Yeah , no , i 'm sorry . I just- - i just need a minute To digest what we just interrupted . Why ? They only slept together . Yeah , but they work together , too . - So what ? - So , awkward ! I mean , what if they break up ? They have to see each other every day at the office . They 're adults . They can handle it . At least , camille is- - sometimes . - Anyway-- - so ... You 're okay with co-workers dating ? Yeah . I 'm not okay with linus wearing my sweatshirt . Now please , get dressed . Ugh . Thank goodness you 're all here . - I have something i need to tell you . - ( gunshots ) - Call 911 . - Hey . I 'm fine . Hold up ! Wait ! - Call them . - If you call 911 , If you call anyone , i will kill you . Hold up ! Wait . Explain to me what we 're going to do with the armed assailant after we catch him . - How is she ? - She 's fine , thank you . The bullet grazed her arm . I gave her a tetanus shot . She 'll be fine . That was incredibly reckless of both of you . Will you give us a moment ? - Keep pressure on that . - Yes , mother . That was on justin 's disk . I 'm not sure i like your tone . The " you 're the only person left Who could have leaked the code " tone ? Yeah , that one . So , did you leak the code ? Linus , remember when we met ? You were just 19 , answered that ad in your school paper . The agency posed a math problem And whoever could solve it earned the right to apply To an elite government position . Remember that ? - Yes . - And cameron . Poor little rich boy choking on that silver spoon Mommy and daddy left in your mouth Until i came along and gave meaning To that fabulous education they paid for . Where are you going with this ? Camille , you were a lackluster phd . Student Who got a chance to run with the big dogs . But without me , you 'd likely have had to leave the program And take a teaching job with some underfunded public school . You 're nasty when you get shot . You know that ? My point is that i didn 't raise the three of them From the depths of obscurity Only to risk your lives , and my life , for that matter , By compromising the program that i have spent The better part of two decades building . Plus , you will forgive me if i don 't put too delicate of a spin On this point , but i am bleeding all over this desk . I didn 't give the algorithm to anybody outside of this office Because at the time , i was having breakfast with leslie turner . He is the director of the agency . Now go . Work the problem . Figure out who leaked that document , And if you can , it would be nice If you found the son of a bitch who shot me , too . Hey , so i think it 's best if we 're just friends . With benefits ? That 's not enough for you , linus . You know that . - No one inside the lab- - - are we interrupting ? What ? Interrupting what ? - No , no , no . - Good . No one from inside the lab leaked the algorithm . We 've checked and rechecked everyone who works here Even people without high-level clearance . Ayo 's apartment was tented for termites . She was at a friend 's house that morning . And bob the test tube guy ? He was working out with his trainer . Dude , i don 't get it . The algorithm only exists in hard copy , only in here . It didn 't just walk out by itself . Maybe one of the bumblebee drones got in And snapped a few pictures . Okay , let 's take justin 's tinfoil hat off , sparky , And come at this from an angle that 's a tad more logical , yeah ? There 's not a lot to go on . Remember , in the stitch you said that That the images were coming at you too fast . What if you did your brain-timey thingy and slowed them down ? Maybe there 's something in there that you missed . Guy in a suit . Nothing special . Envelope . Butterfly tattoo on someone 's wrist . Broken watch . Homeless guy in a wheelchair . That 's all there is . I know who did it . I 've seen this . If you could tell us why we 're watching it . Freeze it . - Zoom in on marta 's wrist . - Magnifying 125 . 150 . 250 . Just tell me when . - 300 . - Stop . That exact tattoo was on a woman 's wrist in the stitch . Guys , i just got off the phone with the hospital . Marta rodriguez woke up And checked herself out almost a week ago . ( softly ) damn it . So it was marta i saw give justin the envelope . - You 're positive it was that tattoo ? - I am . It has to be marta . She 's the only person beside us that has access . Then find her- - from inside the lab , people . If she took a shot at me , who 's to say she won 't go after one of you ? Marta 's doctors said they tried to follow up with her After she was discharged . They never heard back . Her landlord and neighbors haven 't seen her either . How well did you know marta ? You mean were we going out ? You two seemed close . We were and we weren 't . We were getting there . But then the accident happened . I 'm sorry . I visited her at the hospital nearly every week . I brought her flowers . Sometimes i talked to her . I thought that might wake her up . Maybe if i was there when she did- - - You couldn 't have stopped her . - You don 't know that . I 'm beginning to understand what stitching does to a person . I don 't know how she could 've been unaffected afterwards Even without the accident . She 's just not like me . No one 's like you , stretch . So why 'd you recruit her ? She doesn 't have temporal dysplasia . N.S.A. Profile showed she was good in every area And off the charts in one- - protective instinct . So when she volunteered to be our test pilot , We thought she 'd be the right fit . What was marta 's specialty at the n.S.A. ? Cryptography . C-i-t-r 94 . Okay . " a " is " y . " " k " is " d . " " m " is " g . " Marta . It 's all good . You 're going to be safe now . Have you guys seen kirsten ? No . Why are we here ? ( music plays loudly ) Marta , what are you doing ? - What are you- - - shh ! Nobody 's listening . Come on . Watch . I coded an app . It sweeps for radio frequency pulses . I check the house every day . Clear . It 's clear . The place is clean . Let me see it . The phone , let me see it . I knew we were the same . Get packed . Why ? I know a place . I 'll take you there . You 'll be safe . Safe from what ? Them . ( cellphone rings ) It 's kirsten . Where are you ? Who 's them , marta ? Stitchers . They 're evil . They have to be stopped . Kirsten : So you leaked the algorithm to justin To stop stitchers . Marta : Exactly . And when that didn 't work , i tried to kill maggie . Marta : How is that lying bitch ? Kirsten : Bad . I don 't think she 's going to make it . Good . Otherwise i 'd circle back around and finish the job . You need to get packed . Now . My bedroom 's in the back . Call fisher . The stitchers program destroys people . It almost killed me . I heard you stayed in too long . Didn 't bounce in time ? Right . It 's my fault . Cameron tell you that ? Typical . He couldn 't possibly have made a mistake . - How do you know what you 're feeling isn 't- - - residual emotion ? No . What i 'm feeling , what i know , is real . I know they 'll use you like they used me Until something goes wrong . And it will . And when that happens , they 'll try to make you disappear . The stitchers program was created to help people . By sending us places , secret places nobody should ever go . That 's not how they see it . They turned us into grave-robbers . A newlywed killed on her honeymoon . An 18-year-old girl murdered trying to save a friend . Some of those graves shouldn 't have been filled in the first place . Oh , you still think you 're solving murders . They don 't care who killed those people . They 're sticking you in as test runs for something bigger . Test runs ? For what ? I don 't know . But if we don 't leave now , we 're both dead . Look who 's here . Our knight in shining armor . It 's over , marta . We know what you did . He promise to take care of you ? Like you took care of me ? - Marta . - Okay , marta . Put the gun down . Did cameron tell you to trust him ... Like he told me ? You 're right . I asked you to trust me and you shouldn 't have . I let you down . ( sirens approaching ) You hear those sirens ? They 're coming for you . Get out now while you can . I have to protect you . I have to save you . You and i , we 're the only two people in the world who know ! Police officer : Marta rodriguez ! ( cellphone ringing ) This is the police ! ( cellphone ringing ) Come out with your hands up . How did you get this number ? Marta rodriguez , the place is surrounded . Come out with your hands up . I understand . ( helicopters overhead ) Who was that ? - Easy . - Marta rodriguez ! The place is surrounded ! Come out with your hands up ! You 're going to be safe now . Marta . Marta , don 't go out there with that gun . Marta , give me the gun . Marta rodriguez ! - Come out with your hands in the air ! - Thank you ... - For the flowers . - Step out of the house . This is your final warning . - Marta , wait ! - Don 't ! Officer : Put the gun down And get down on the ground ! Put the gun down and down on the ground ! Do you hear me ? You got to drop that gun ! - Put it down ! - ( gunshots ) - It 's not your fault . - Yes , it is . - We have been over this . - You weren 't working the controls that day . Marta stayed in the stitch too long . You weren 't inside her head . You begged her to bounce , she wouldn 't . - She couldn 't . - Because she violated protocol . You want to have a pity party , fine . Have at it . But it ends before you walk back in the lab . If i walk back in . You will , because no one understands this technology the way you do . And no one else can keep kirsten as safe . We 're just about done here . Sorry it turned out like this . So are we . Arrange to divert marta back to the stitch lab . - Start the protocol . - Cameron . Don 't . Just don 't . You called marta , didn 't you ? - Called her ? - Before she went outside . You said something to her that made her do this . It wasn 't me . Because you were having breakfast with les turner again ? Because it wasn 't me . How do i know you 're telling the truth ? Kirsten , we 're not stitching into marta . We need to know what she knows , Who else she told about the program . It 's too risky . Because someone else might try to kill you Or because you don 't want us to see What she really knew about stitchers ? You want to drag marta 's body into the lab , Slide her into the corpse cassette A few feet away from cameron ? Probe her deepest memories that may include him ? - He wants to do it . - He only thinks that he does . Cameron 's a big boy . He 'll be fine . No , he won 't . You saw what thinking he caused marta 's coma did to him . Imagine how he 'll react to helping plunder her brain . Cameron is not like you , kirsten . Trust me . - Trust you . - Or not . I 'm going to leave that one to you . Did maggie tell you ? No-go on stitching marta ? You okay ? - Why do people do that ? - Do what ? Ask if you 're okay when they know you 're not okay . You ever notice that ? People ask if you 're okay More often when you 're not okay than when you are okay . Okay . So you 're not okay . Actually ... I think i am . For now . Maybe in a week or a month , A couple years from now , who knows ? I 'll be in my car and something will remind me of marta . And then it will hit me and then for those moments i won 't be okay . But ... That 's fine . Because if i didn 't feel the loss , It would mean i didn 't care . I didn 't- - i didn 't mean that- - I 'm not saying that you don 't care . I know you do , but ... Do i wish that i could process this all in an instant And put it behind me ? Do i wish i was more like you ? Yes . And no . Man : The program dodged a bullet this time . Your phone call to marta was well calculated . I appealed to her protective nature . I pointed out that if the police brought her in , If the curtain were pulled back from the stitchers program- - The agency would have to deal with all of us In an undesirable way . Marta was a good soldier . She knew what she had to do to protect kirsten and ... She did it . Les , i lied to my team for you . I told them that justin died of a heart attack . You did your job , maggie . You killed a man so that you could stitch into him . We had solid intel justin had our algorithms . We needed to know if it was true . And if it was true , who gave it to him . So you didn 't know it was marta ? If i had known , this all would have played out very differently . Still , there had to be another way . There wasn 't . I mean , for god 's sake , what was i supposed to do ? Interrogate him ? Justin was former c.I.A. You know how you guys are . Conditioned not to crack . He had our algorithms . He was going to post them for the world to see . And if he did ? That 's it . All over . The lab , the stitchers program . All of us gone for good . And our technology in the wrong hands . I wasn 't going to let that happen . - That 's all . - Kirsten clark is a smart girl . What do i tell her when she asks What our $ 8 billion program Is really designed to do ? Tell her whatever you want . As long as it 's not the truth . ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶
