 Previously on Dark Matter . We all woke up just like you , no idea who we are or how we got here . But the truth is we 're nothing but a bunch of low life mercenaries . You want one of us to go out there in the deadly radiation storm ? Agh ! It would appear your memories were targeted . So someone in this room wiped our memories . I 'm looking for a ship called the Raza . What 's your name ? Corso . The name 's Jace Corso . We can spend some quality time getting to know each other . I just think our lives are complicated enough right now , Don 't you think ? . Of course . I 'm gonna buy myself a pair of goggles , Some work gloves , and a brand new micro-gauge plasma cutter with a rotating tholium-carbide head . You 'll cut your hands off , kid . What are you gonna buy ? A curvy redhead . Let 's keep it classy . Okay . A brunette with a sexy accent . I want meat . You know real meat . Not this vat-grown stuff . Amen . We should consider putting the money to better use ... Maybe upgrading the ship 's defenses . Alright you knock your self out with that but ah , I 'm gonna buy myself something nice . And limber . Okay , I 've run the numbers . So , how much do we have to spend ? Well , after refueling , repair costs , And docking fees we 're left with exactly ... Zero . What ? Not even enough for goggles ? Or a nice meal ? Or a redhead ? Sorry , guys . We 're broke . Now hang on a second . You said those Mikkei guys gave you a nice bonus for setting up that mining deal . They did . Just not enough . How do we know you didn 't skim hmm ? Ferrous offered me more to abandon you , remember ? What if we refuel but not ... Fully refuel ? We 're not skimping on fuel . I mean do we really need to fix the meteorite damage to the hull ? Or repairs . What we need to do is find a buyer for those weapons . Alright I 'll look around . I thought you were leaving . I am , just not yet . What , you had time to sleep on it ? First you want me to go now you want me to stay , You know it 's awfully confusing doll . I never had an opinion either way . Okay that is both insulting and very insulting . Now do you still want me to ask around or what ? I want you both to ask around . Well , nah I work solo . Nah , we don 't ... That 's great , you guys are gonna make a great team . The rest of us can look around the ship , See if we can find anything else worth selling . We 're making our approach . Here we go . Are we sure this is a good idea ? We are wanted criminals . I filed for docking papers under a false registration . We should be fine , as long as we keep a low profile . I 'm not exactly sure that 's in our skill set . First things first guys . We gotta get on that space station Without setting off any alarm bells . Or getting blasted to scrag . They 're scanning our registration now , standby . Security scan complete . We 've been cleared to dock . Alright . Take us in . You should know , weapons are prohibited on the station . Fine . Okay . Let 's meet in the airlock in twenty minutes . Don 't forget your comms . Hey , you find anything worth selling ? No . Okay well-um , if you do ... Let us know . We 've docked . Why 'd you ask me to tag along ? Because I don 't trust him for a second And I need you to keep an eye on him for me . Can you do that ? Sure . Why 'd you pair me with pretty boy ? Because I don 't trust him and I need you to keep an eye on him . Think you can do that ? Hell yeah . Alright , see you guys back in the ship . Let 's go , sidekick . Okay big guy , we can take it from here . What do you mean ? You 're going to the clinic to get that arm checked out . Ah no , it 's fine . Eh , any crispier and you could serve it with a side of slaw . Now go . Well , looks like it 's just us girls . Why don 't you let me do the talking pretty boy . I couldn 't stop you if I tried . Couple whiskies . House blend and a beer . Wondering if you could help us out . We 're looking to move some merchandise . Hardware and equipment for someone aiming To make a statement . We 're selling guns . Seriously ? Know anyone who might be interested in buying them ? Not off the top of my head . But I could ask around , for a finder 's fee . Works for us . Okay . I 'll make some calls . Where can I find you ? Over there . Our class four androids are fully customizable . Height , weight , skin color , Hair color and of course gender . Hi , I need to see a doctor . Take a number . Can all be tailored To meet your specific needs . And while galactic regulations against The impersonation of humans by artificial entities Requires the use of an identifying tattoo , In all other respects Our androids are as human as possible . Whether you 're looking for help around the house , Or just someone to talk on those lonely nights , A Nakashima brand android may be Just the thing you 're looking for . Not bad . Enough to buy us all a couple of nice dinners . Where 's the pea ? You tell me . There . It 's there ! See how easy this is ? Even a child could do it . Where 's the pea ? You tell me . That one ! Yeah , there . Kid 's a natural . Where 's the pea ? You tell me . It 's in your left hand . Here you go , kid . Thanks , mister . How did you do that ? I don 't know . I think I may 've played before . What 're you looking at ? An opportunity . Come on . Ugh . Aghh ! Are you always this charming ? You know what your problem is ? The fact that I 'm stuck with a selfish , Self-centered know-it-all for a shipmate ? She 's not so bad . I 'm not talking about her . You 're soft . Back on the planet with those miners , Then going topside to save the robot . You think with your heart and not your head , it 's dangerous . You know if it was just your life on the line , man who cares , But one day you 're going to get somebody killed . How exactly ? By convincing them that you actually make sense . You know if this week has taught me anything , It 's that stupid is catchy . So what , I 'm gonna infect them with my empathy And concern for others ? Yeah , in a nutshell . And I say you 're the dangerous one , Because you don 't care about anyone but yourself . You can 't be trusted . You don 't think I got your back ? My back . My front . The inside of my head . So you 're saying that it was me Who screwed with everyone 's memories ? I think that if anyone was going to sell us out , It would be you , yeah . Hey , I 've got you a buyer . Everyone else has left . I know . Are you planning on meeting up with them ? No . I have some personal matters to attend to . Research . The ship is now net-linked to the space station 's data hub . Information is accessible via the individual work stations At your quarters . Good to know , but I need to speak with someone . Well maybe I can help . I not only function as a roaming access point to the data hub , But am also conversant-search capable . I also possess psychological and psychiatric subroutines Should you feel the need for therapeutic counseling . Are you feeling depressed ? Lonely ? I 'm fine . Thank you . I 'm at your disposal should you reconsider . I don 't know what you 're getting so upset about . I thought we were being honest with each other . Nah , I was offering constructive criticism . You were being petty . I was not being petty . I was one hundred percent sincere when I said I find you completely untrustworthy . Based on what exactly ? I think this is it . No , I want to know . What makes me untrustworthy ? I guess we 're early . Huh ? Fine . Process of elimination . Meaning ? Somehow , someway , that kid had all of our Memories downloaded into her subconscious . They drift up in dribs and drabs . And she remembers someone , one of us , Screwing with the stasis pods . Now why would anyone do that ? How 's this Someone takes all of us out of commission So they can steal the ship and whatever else is on board . Who 's the most likely suspect ? I doubt it 's the kid . Six seems to have a conscience . I know it 's not me ... Whoa , whoa , whoa . You can 't know that . We all passed the lie detector test . For all we know , you were the one planning To cut our throats in our sleep . After all , you were the first one to wake up . That 's awful convenient isn 't it ? Guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . Screw that . I don 't agree to anything . Ugh . What the hell ? What 's going on ? Where are we ? You 're asking the guy who 's tied up with you . Great . Oh , this is fantastic . Nice to see you keeping a positive attitude . I was being sarcastic . Yeah . So was I. Where do you get off copping an attitude like that ? This is your fault . How is it my fault we 're both sitting here ? I guess if I was alone , I never would 've been taken by surprise . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! These wires are cutting right into me . Agh ! Look , we can either sit here arguing Or we can work to get out of this together . What 's it gonna be ? Fine . We 'll work together to get out of this , and then we 'll argue . Alright . Let 's try and shift over to the door . When we 're close enough , I 'll head-butt the console . Then , when we 're out in the corridor , We 'll yell until help comes okay ? That sounds like a plan . Alright . On the count of three , we shift . One . Two . Three ! Ahh . Agh ! Oh , fantastic ! Just perfect ! Yes , I was being sarcastic again ! Okay . I think this one . Are you sure ? No , but - I have a feeling . Ah , your feelings have paid off before . Yeah sorry kid , there 's no way you 're old enough to play . Unless of course you 're under proper adult supervision . What can I do for you ? What can you tell me about this ? Ah , you had me going there . This is an impressive knock-off . At first glance , I 'd swear it was the real thing . Yeah , what is it ? Of course , it can 't be . For starters , I doubt a descendant of the Ishida line Would be all the way out here , In the middle of nowhere , hawking their family ... This , this is genuine . Where 'd you get it ? I found it . You found it ? This is not something you find . It 's something you kill to acquire . I want no part of it . Sorry we 're closing early . At least give me some information ... Welcome to a new era in fast , efficient , Interstellar travel . Welcome to the age of transfer transit . No more long hours in uncomfortable berths , No more headache - inducing stasis . With transfer transit , your next journey to a distant star system Will feel more like a trip to the spa . As you relax in your custom-built pod , Your physical specifications and an exact copy Of your consciousness will be relayed via subspace To a receiver pod at your destination . There , this data will be used for final stage completion Of one of our patented temp clones . Able to maintain biological integrity for a period Of up to 72 hours , this clone will serve as your Surrogate for the duration of your stay ... Enjoying all the benefits of your destination ... With your thoughts , your memories , your personality . And of course , all of your physical abilities . Your clone will then return to our facility for bio-mass Recycling , but not before all of the memories and Experiences it acquired are uploaded And transferred via subspace back to you . Welcome back . And welcome to the future of space travel . Transfer transit - " better than being there . " How cool is that ? Maybe we should quit while we 've still got something left . What 's it gonna be , kid ? Take another card . Let me take over . Okay do me a favor . The next time you have one of your great ideas , Keep it to yourself . Or I could share it with someone Who can follow simple instruction . Like what ? Like shift . I shifted . You didn 't shift . You tilted . If you 'd shifted , we 'd be out of this room ... I shifted ! Okay , great . You shifted . Great . Good job this turned out just like I 'd planned . How long do you think before the others come looking for us ? You mean if they come looking for us . Why wouldn 't they come looking for us ? They may not come looking for you , But they 'd sure come looking for me . What do you mean they 'd look for you and not for me ? You told everyone you were leaving . That was before . I changed my mind . Yeah well you change your mind a lot . You 're very mercurial . No you 're mercurial . You don 't even know what mercurial is . Sure I do . Okay . It means shut the hell up . Took a while for the gas to clear out of here . Eh buddy , would you mind telling us what this is about ? I 'd be happy to answer all your questions . Just as soon as you answer a couple of mine . Who are you and what the hell are you doing with my face ? So tell me . Who are you ? I 'm Jace Corso . No . I 'm Jace Corso . Which makes you ... Not . How is this possible ? At first , I thought you were just someone who kinda looked Like me , not enough to fool anyone who knew me But enough to bluff anyone who didn 't . Now taking a closer look , I see that 's not the case . We 're identical . So what could it be ? Clone 's a logical guess . The tech exists , but to pull that off you 'd have to scan me , And you can 't do that without my noticing . Besides , dupes have an average shelf life of two to three days And I 've been trying to chase you down for months . No , you 're not a clone . The only other possibility , besides long lost twin , Is reconstructive surgery . You paid someone a lot of money to make you look just like me . What can I say ? I 'm flattered you think so highly of this handsome mug That you 'd go through the trouble . But I 'm still curious . Yeah so am I. How 's that ? I woke up from stasis on board a ship with no memory Of how I got there or who I was . I don 't remember anything . And you expect me to buy that ? Honestly no , but it 's ... He 's telling the truth . It wasn 't just him it was our entire crew . We all just had our memories wiped clean . Okay , let 's say I believe you - which I don 't . But let 's say I do . What 's my next move ? Just send you on your way , let you keep being me ? I 'm not you . Look , I 'm as confused as you are , I want answers too . Okay , this may seem obvious But I 'm just gonna throw it out there . Your beef is with him . I 'm just an innocent bystander . Maybe . Then again , maybe not . So why don 't you sit tight , let the adults talk . Even though I don 't have my memories , I might be able to help you figure things out . And how 're you going to do that ? Well , how about you start by telling me How you found out someone stole your identity ? If you 're tired of boring , Repetitive or even unpleasant dreams , the new somnawave Is the solution you 've been waiting for . Hi , just wondering when the doctor 's Gonna be able to see me ? It shouldn 't be long . Take a number . I already took a number . Which is why I 'm asking . It shouldn 't be long . Featuring over a hundred pre-programmed Dream scenarios , the somnawave turns an ordinary Night sleep into a night of top-notch entertainment ... Yessss ! What 's the hold-up ? Hey ! Hey ! Let 's not make a scene . We just want to have a talk . I 'll be back for that . A while ago , I got approached about a job . Join a group of mercs and help clear out a bunch of Troublemaking miners on some independent colony . Normally , I don 't play well with others . I 'm more of a solo artist . But the offer was too rich to pass up . And besides , I 'd be working with the crew of the legendary Raza . I was curious to see if their rep matched their strut . So I accepted the offer . The day I 'm supposed to join up , the galactic authorities Get an anonymous tip and raided my safehouse . I almost got nicked I was on the run for a week . When things quieted down , I was going to reach out To apologize for missing the op . I didn 't want them thinking I was unprofessional after all . Well , imagine my surprise when I learned that I was actually seen Boarding the Raza with the rest of the crew . I checked the security footage from the space station And , sure enough , there I was , getting on that damn ship . Someone who looked a lot like me anyway . And I 've been chasing you ever since . How 'd you know where to find us ? Educated guess . This is the closest station to that mining colony In any direction . If you were gonna refuel after your op , This would be the place . And I was right . So , any of that ring a bell ? Jog those missing memories ? No . That 's too bad . Do you know what this is ? I want to say curling iron . Electric shock stick . That was my second guess . No , no , no , no , no ! Wait , wait , wait , wait Just wait ! Let 's just make a deal . You 've got my attention . We got a crate , full of weapons back in the ship So I 've heard . We 're looking to move them right . So why don 't you just take ' em . Sell ' em all , make a nice tidy profit . Just take the guns , you don 't even have to Cut us in for anything . Then why don 't you let me go , I 'll let you two solve your personal issues . And ah , it 's not really my business anyway right . You sonovabitch . Why do you want to drag me into this ? Whatever happened to empathy , and human compassion ? Enough . I think I will take those weapons after all . Great . So just get me my comm and I 'll make the arrangements . I 'll make my own arrangements . No I ... What 's the problem ? You 're cheating . The hell I am . You 're counting cards . You were counting the cards that have been played To improve your odds . That 's a skill . How is that cheating ? It 's cheating because we say it is . Okay , here 's what 's gonna happen . You and your little friend here are banned And the money you tried to steal from us is forfeit . Now get the hell out of here . No . Excuse me ? I 'll take my money and then I 'll leave . You misunderstand , sweetheart . You don 't get a choice . You found a buyer . Yep . And you secured a fair price ? Un huh . I 'd caution against transporting that through a secured area . Guests are forbidden From carrying weapons onto the station . Don 't worry if anyone asks , I 'll just say it 's drugs . I suspect that would prove equally problematic . You 've done something new with your hair . It suits you . I want my money . That cash is forfeit . Now this can go one of two ways . You can walk through that exit , or we 'll carry you out . We didn 't cheat . Shut up . But it 's not fair - ! I said shut up ! Y-y-y-you-you kill ... Come on . You know what this means don 't you ? Yeah , you 're going to have to wait on that curvy redhead ? It was you . You 're the one who wiped our memories clean . And you based this assumption on what exactly ? How about the fact that you 're an impostor and a liar ? And you 're a murderer and a thief Who gives his guns pet names . You lied to get onto our ship . Which means you were after something You didn 't want the rest of us to know about . I 'm sure I wasn 't the only one that ship with a hidden agenda . And whatever it was I was after , I 'm also sure it was a lot more Interesting than just screwing with everyone 's memories . Hey . What ? I 've got an idea . Ugh , what did I say about your ideas ? Look , we 've got to get out of here Before he comes back and kills us . He 's not gonna kill us . He 's gonna sell our stuff And he 's gonna hightail it out of here . Oh really ? Is that what you 'd do if you were him ? What 's your plan ? These wires are metal . If we can get close enough to that table for me to grab That shock stick , I might be able go use it To soften them up enough for us to break free . We 'll there 's a couple problems with that , The biggest being , it 's gonna hurt . A lot . Are you saying you can 't tough it out like I can ? Ugh , let 's just do this . Alright . At the count of three , we shift . Not " tilt " . I got it . Shift . I got it . Alright . One , two , three - shift ! One , two , three , shift . Two , three , shift . Two , three , shift . Take a seat . I 'm Dr. Ameni . What seems to be the trouble ? What happened ? Ah , electrical burn doing some ship repairs . Besides the localized damage , Are you experiencing any other discomfort ? Nope . When did this happen ? A couple days ago . We can generate a compatible graft using your DNA , But it 'll take a few minutes . I thought you were just gonna give me some ointment , Or something . No , I 'm afraid this a little beyond ointment . Two , three - shift ! Hold on , one more . Two , three - shift ! Okay wait . Come on , come on , come on , come on . Nice . We gotta to get down on the floor . At the count of three , we tilt . One , two , three - tilt ! That was a shift . It was a tilt . Let 's just try it again . One , two three - tilt ! Agh ! Ohh ! You got it ? Almost . I got it ! I got it ! Okay , good , good . Now just give me like a ... Aaaarrgggh ! There . In a few days that 'll regenerate and be fully healed . Something wrong ? No . Everything 's fine . I 'm gonna give you something for the pain . Oh this won 't hurt a bit . Good . Ahh . Oh . Dang it . Doc says he 'll let you know when he 's ready . Is anyone else back yet ? Yes , I believe - Hey , we have to go . Now ! One , three please respond . How severely did you injure the men who attacked you ? I was pretty thorough . And the doctor ? Oh , he 's just unconscious , but that 's not the point . For some reason , the DNA scan he ran flagged me . How about the reason being you 're a wanted criminal ? I 'm sure there are a lot Of wanted criminals on that station . We have to go . One . Three . We have a situation here We need you back to the ship immediately . Please respond . Given the circumstances , Perhaps we should consider leaving them behind . We can 't . Three made it clear he intended to go his own way . He 's all talk . Besides , if he was actually going to leave , He would have made a bigger deal about it . Subtle he is not . And what if they sold the weapons And decided to keep the money for themselves ? No , no . Three maybe . Hell , probably . But one ? No way . He may not have had a choice . He could have been deceived , or rendered unconscious , Perhaps even killed . One . Three . This is two . Please respond . Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrgggh ! There 's gotta be another way . I think they 're weakening . Okay just hang on . Just one more . Hang on , hang on . Just let me catch my ... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrgggggggggh ! It 's been a pleasure doing business with you . There 's just one more thing I need to take care of . Is something the matter ? One , three , answer me . What is that ? It 's the space station 's security alarm . Oh damn it . Get us out of here . I 'll prepare the coordinates for a jump to FTL . Go ! We gotta go ! Is everyone here ? ! We 're already on our way one . We noticed . Why the hell weren 't you answering your comms ? We were gonna leave without you . We lost them . How ? How much did you get for the weapons ? Nothing . Nothing ? Where are they ? They 're gone . We were ... Jumped , by a half dozen men . Yeah , he got knocked out , played dead . So I took the rest on myself . I was doing alright too until the seventh guy , he snuck up Behind me and clocked me right in the head , I went down . We lost our comms and all the guns . Is that really how it happened ? More or less . I couldn 't see everything because I was down on the floor . Yeah . With my eyes closed . Hmm . Yeah , as much as I 'd love to hear the rest of this story , We 've got more important things to do ... Like getting the hell out of here . Jumping to FTL . Jace Corso . I was wondering when you 'd show up . Don 't call me that . No , hmm what do you prefer ? One . One , okay one . What can I do for you ? How about you tell me why you covered for me ? Why didn 't you tell them what really happened At the space station ? How do you think the rest of the crew will react When they find out that you 're an impostor ? And that you 're most probably the guy who screwed With all of our memories ? I didn 't screw with anyone 's memories . You can 't be sure though can you ? People are gonna make educated guesses . And when they do ... Hmm . What do you think ? They gonna stuff you in the airlock and space you ? They could abandon you on a barren planet To freeze your ass off . Or I 'm thinking maybe ... What do you want ? I just want your support moving forward . Crew votes , debates , lunch decisions . You follow my lead . From here on in , we agree to agree . Hey . Hey . We should talk about what happened on the space station . That 's ok . I really think ... I don 't wanna talk about it . Hey . What 's wrong with her ? Nothing . She 's perfectly normal . Which is a problem on this ship . So , I 've been doing the math in my head And correct me if I 'm wrong but ... We managed to refuel , But didn 't have time to effect repairs or resupply and restock . We lost the weapons , so we didn 't get anything for ' em . We sold the other stuff and did get money for it , But it was confiscated at the casino . We 're worse off than we Were twenty-four hours ago . We also missed an opportunity to do some research While we had access to the station 's information hub . Maybe next time . Yeah . For now , we 're back to square one , And our pasts remain a mystery . The fallout from the assassination of emperor Ishida Tatsuyo continues to be felt throughout C sector as forces from the principality of Zairon and the neighboring Republic of Pyr remain on war footing . Several multi-corps have dispatched destroyers to the disputed region to safeguard transit passages . Representatives of the galactic authority say they will offer humanitarian aid to refugees fleeing the area but , thus far , Have characterized the standoff as " a regional conflict between two independent territories " and dismissed the possibility of direct military involvement . Meanwhile , the search continues for emperor Ishida 's murderer , Purported to be his own son , crown prince Ishida Ryo . Since the emperor 's death , the crown prince has been implicated in the deaths and disfigurements of almost one hundred people . He is on the run and is considered , armed , unstable ,
