 Previously on " wayward pines " ... Where 's dad ? [ abby screeches , growls ] [ gasps ] This school , it isn 't like your other school . Welcome to orientation . Bill : Well , you must be theresa , my new number two . [ chuckles ] your first client . Okay . So , you want me to sell him a house ? [ chuckling ] no . I want you to give him a house . Oh ! What is this ? He 's an insurgent . He defaced public property with subversive graffiti . [ telephone ringing ] Hello ? Sheriff burke , you must call a reckoning For peter mccall tomorrow . We refer to them as abbies . Looks like us . That 's because it once was . There were more of these chambers , And they were all filled . Filled with what ? With people . A great scientist foresaw the coming of the aberrations , So he created an ark . Ben : Who is he , this scientist ? I should introduce myself - - david pilcher . This is not the year 2014 . This is the year 4028 . All that is left of civilization , All that remains is wayward pines . [ insects buzzing ] [ carousel music playing ] [ electricity crackling ] Woman : Wait ! Wait , no ! [ indistinct shouting ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] [ beeping ] [ lock clicks ] You didn 't think wayward pines ran itself , did you ? All our building materials , clothing , archives , Historical documentation , our security - - It 's all stored here , everything except food , Which is stored in a separate facility . I think you 've already seen that , haven 't you , mr . Burke ? Of course , eventually , Wayward pines will be entirely self-sufficient . We 're all focused on making that transition As smooth as possible . This way . [ indistinct conversations ] This way . Marcy : I 'm sorry , mr . Johnson . If your wife 's not returning your calls , There 's not much i can - - Of course . I 'll give her the message . [ beep ] Hey . Yes , sir , i will . Who are all of these people ? Volunteers - - over 200 of them . They 've devoted their lives to the cause . Where do they live ? They live , work , eat , sleep here , in the complex . They left their families and their lives To help me realize all of this . None of it would be possible without them . You are the beating heart of wayward pines . I 'm sorry to interrupt , dr . Pilcher . They need you down in the c.R.U. Oh . Thank you , christina . This shouldn 't take too long . I 'll go take a look at his arm , huh ? This way , mr . Burke . Theresa : Ben ? What 's going on ? Nothing . [ sighs ] something 's wrong . [ sighs ] Is it about that girl ? It 's - - do you remember that poster that i used to have In my room above my desk ? Uh , yes . It - - the one of the earth ? Thinking about how there 's ... There 's like billions of people ... On the earth . And there 's more and more every day . I don 't - - i-i 've - - That always just made me feel ... Small . And that 's normal , you know ? I think we all feel like that sometimes . [ inhales deeply ] But then today i was thinking , what if it does matter ? What we do actually means something . Um ... That 's a lot scarier . And what made you start thinking about all this ? Science class , i guess . Everything 's gonna be all right . You 're fine . [ smooches ] you just need to eat something . [ crow caws ] [ bell jingles ] Hello , ted . Kate . Got some goodies for you . Hmm . Excellent . All right . Uh ... [ clears throat ] You mentioned the other day There was a ... Package you needed picked up . I think it was in the back . Oh . Yes . Thank you . I-i totally forgot . Uh , d-do you mind ? No . No . Right this way . [ knock on door ] Harold , uh , ted just came by to pick up that package . Uh , i think it 's right back here . What the hell are you doing ? We can 't meet here . I thought this room was clean . It is . I don 't care . You - - you coming back here with me , how do you think that looks ? It looks like i 'm picking up a package . Or it looks like we 're meeting . Which we need to . [ sighs ] I can 't find it . Can 't find what ? Mccall 's package . Then what the hell is this ? Doorknobs . Without it , we can 't finish what we started . Did you check his house ? Yeah . Basement ? Crawl space ? Yeah . Kate , it 's not there . What about his office ? Why would it be at his office ? Because it 's not in his house . Just check it . I can 't . Bill 's always around . Plus , the - - the - - the place is crawling with cameras , bugs . [ bell jingles ] and they - - they got that new girl working there , The cute brunette one . What 's her name ? Theresa . Yeah . Right . Theresa . Henrietta : Thought it over , bill , and i quit . Oh , now , come on , now . You can 't quit . I 've spent eight years in here , Eight damn years dealing with your crap . And the minute an agent spot opens up , You just pass me over for a shiny , new model . You know , the only surprising thing is , I didn 't see it coming . Bill , m-maybe i should - - W-where are you gonna go , henrietta ? Huh ? Do - - do you know about some job openings out of state ? Theresa : Here , let me help . No , i 've got it , sweetheart . [ bell jingles , door closes ] Theresa : Henrietta ? [ groans ] Listen , i didn 't ask for this job , okay ? I even told bill that you should have it . You must have been very persuasive . I-i don 't want the job ! I had no choice , like everybody else . You must know how this town works - - really . Listen , the truth is , Is i 'm trying to get back home to seattle and ... There was a new client earlier who said that he saw things . Okay , listen , tracy - - Theresa . Theresa . I get you , okay ? Hell , i should . I used to be you . But whatever you think you are doing , i promise you , It 's going nowhere good . Look what they did to peter . They killed him , and not just 'cause of some graffiti . I don 't believe that horse manure for a second . It 's because he was looking where he wasn 't supposed to . Peter mccall thought plot 33 was a way out . What do you mean by that ? What is plot 33 ? You want to end up dead , too , hon ? Don 't be stupid . I can understand if you 're angry with me . I 'm sure everything 's been ... Confusing . But i assure you ... There is a purpose to everything you find so strange . I guess it 's all been one big misunderstanding , huh ? I suppose that 's hard for you to accept , but yes . I 'm glad we got that cleared up . Ever since you came here , You 've been trying to save yourself Save your wife ... Save your beautiful son . And that 's quite commendable . Wayward pines is bigger than you . It 's bigger than them . It 's bigger than any one of us . David needs you now . He needs you to take a responsibility For all of wayward pines . Man : Pamela pilcher to the c.R.U. Pamela pilcher to the c.R.U. [ inhales deeply ] duty calls . Pamela pilcher ? Mm-hmm . Are you his wife ? Oh . [ laughs ] no . His sister . He got mother 's good looks . I got her courage . David will be back with you in a moment . Who knows ? Perhaps by the end of the day , You 'll see things in a whole new light . [ abby screeches ] [ abby screeches ] [ abby growls ] [ screeching ] David : I don 't think he likes you . It 's okay . Stand down . Thank you . Man : Yes , sir . [ growling ] [ gas hisses ] [ screaming ] Who are they ? Distant cousins . How distant ? In the late 1990s , we humans began to understand The dire impact we were having on our environment . At the same time , One division of my company made a surprise discovery - - A small but significant mutation in our own dna . We were changing the world , and , as a result , We , ourselves , were beginning to change , adapt . I tried to warn the global community . I thought they would listen . I was wrong . David , let 's get going . It 's almost 9 : 00 . [ sighs ] What are you doing ? Come on . Let 's go . Did you see the look on their faces ? [ laughter ] I 'll be their punch line on monday . I don 't see why you care what those people are thinking . You know what you 're doing . We 've got plenty of time . What ? We 've got all the time in the world . You see , that 's the real danger - - The concept of time , always more time . The problem isn 't real unless it affects us directly . Prioritize the present , what 's in front of us . Otherwise , just delay , delay , delay . Well , we just have to keep on working . You 'll know when the answers show up . No . I can 't do it anymore . Even if we had the support of the whole world To reverse these changes , uh ... It will probably be too late . But on my own ? Oh . You know better than that . You 're not alone , david . You 're right . My sister , the recovering drug addict . Together , we 're gonna save mankind . [ chuckles ] And who knows ? Someday we might . Meantime , let 's get some supper . I 'm starving . [ sighs ] David : My sister was right . It would take time . I couldn 't protect the entire world . But i could protect a select few . I wrote a book . I redirected profits from my companies Into research and development of cryonics . If this was to be our future , Then i-i had to find some way to avoid it . I had to save some of us . What you looking at , babe ? Just a surveyor map . I-i thought i told you to look at properties For that big-shot lawyer . He 's still in i.C.U. , so i have a little bit of time . But that ain 't what i asked you to do . Just one s- - How about right now ? [ clears throat ] Do you know anything about this plot 33 ? It 's a big empty lot . And as far as i can tell , nobody 's developed on it , Which is strange , because , look , it 's right here . It 's on boxwood and third street , Which is - - it seems to me - - prime residential area . Undeveloped ? Well , i 'll be damned . That is very interesting , theresa . See , here 's the thing , though . When i want you to look at surveyor maps , Then i would say , " theresa , hon , Will you look at some surveyor maps for me ? " Until then , why don 't we forget about all this plot 33 nonsense ? Okay . Thank you , hon . [ bell jingles ] Hi , bill . Yeah . Theresa , uh , i was - - C-can we talk ? Testing cryonic suspension was both dangerous and illegal . I couldn 't have made it public even if i wanted to . How did you hide the funding ? Dummy corporations ? Well , along with various trusts and charities . If you have enough money , you can get away with anything . Well , we took notice . Kate , evans . Others , too , eventually . But it wasn 't 'cause of the money . It was the disappearances . Dr. Pilcher , she 's stable now . [ air hisses ] [ indistinct conversation ] [ monitor beeping ] Blood pressure - - 110 over 80 . Who is she ? Sara . Sara barlow from missouri . She 's a teacher . [ monitor beeping ] How many more are there ? Kate : Harold and i , w-we 've been thinking for a while About getting a new house and - - What do you want , kate ? [ sighs ] it 's a small town . We can 't spend the rest of our lives hiding from each other . I don 't intend on spending the rest of my life here . We don 't always get what we want . No , we don 't . Ruby : Hey , girls . I didn 't realize you two were friends . Oh , yeah . We 've , uh , actually known each other for a while . We 're old friends . Totally . Makes sense . I mean , kate , i 've seen you talking to ethan , so ... What can i get you ? [ bell jingles ] Hey , there , bill . Got a delivery here for your new co-worker . You want me to go put it by her desk ? Well , i ain 't coming to get it . So , uh , teddy boy , What 's , uh , going on with you and , uh , harold 's girl , huh ? I see you two talking all the time . Oh , it 's just ... It 's just deliveries . Well , you let me know in case she needs another delivery boy 'cause i 'll be ready and willing . [ chuckles ] Y-you know , this package , i just realized , It 's actually for theresa cook , Not theresa burke . So why the hell are you still standing there ? Sorry . Long day , man . You let me know about kate . [ bell jingles ] [ truck door opens , closes ] You waiting for a package ? No . No , i , uh ... I was just thinking . So , you and harold want a house ? No . No , i-i ... I don 't want a house . That 's not why i came to you . I came to you because ... Because i want to change things . [ bell jingles ] [ door closes ] Hey , there , harold . Delivery for you . Kate : It 's taken me a long time , But i realized i 'm here in this moment , in this town Because of choices that have been made . Some of those were made by others . But a lot of those choices , they were my own . And looking back , There are so many better choices i could have made . But then i realized , i 'm here now . And all i can do now is make new choices . So i 've decided I don 't want to keep pretending that everything is okay . I want to make things better . That 's why i 'm here talking to you . I just ... I hope i 'm not too late because now ... Now more than ever We all need to be friends . Afternoon . Woman : Afternoon , sir . [ indistinct conversation ] They 're all asleep . Yes . All asleep . This one . Amanda . She 's just a kid . Yes . And she has her whole life ahead of her , an important life . She didn 't choose this . Everyone you 've seen today volunteered . I 'm not talking about your volunteers , your followers . This girl , these other people , Did any of them actually choose to be here ? No . No . You chose them . You abducted them . Yes . What gave you that right ? It wasn 't a right . It was a burden . When your neighbors ' house is in flames , Do you rush in , trying to save them , Or do you wait outside for fear of trespass ? This girl , her life didn 't need saving . No . And neither did her children or her children 's children . But someone in that family would need saving down the line . What about her parents ? Are they here ? Everyone had to make sacrifices . I left people behind , people i loved dearly . I didn 't choose to do this . I did it because i had to . [ indistinct conversations ] [ classical music plays ] Thank you , mr . Pilcher . Thank you . David , remember i told you about that megan fisher ? Well , here she is . Megan ? The - - Hypnotherapist . I 'm studying to be one , anyway . [ chuckles ] I see . It 's not as scary as it sounds , i promise . People think hypnotherapy is like mind control . But , of course , that 's ridiculous . I can 't make anyone do anything they don 't want to do . So you can 't brainwash the rest of the world into joining us ? I 'm afraid not . Too bad . I 'll have to rely on volunteers . You don 't have enough people , do you ? Megan , it takes time for people to understand . You 've shown them where to look . They 're not blind . They see . They see what 's happening . They don 't care . You can 't wait for them . You have to leave them behind . They 've made their choice . You have to do whatever it takes , dr . Pilcher . Find a way . Please . [ thunder crashes ] I think i may need an ark . Yeah , you just might . [ chuckles ] Big plans tonight ? Uh , march madness , a couch , and rocky road . I got a better offer . Rocky road is a hard thing to pass up . Go for a ride . Find out . I got two hours left on my shift , sir . Eh , i run this place . Get in . Tell me a bit about yourself , arnold . [ scoffs ] what is this , man ? Um , i don 't - - i don 't know . There 's not much to say . I ... I live on the east side . I got a dog named frederick . And , um , that 's about it . I think there 's plenty more to tell . Hmm . You never knew your father . You lived with your mother in north philly . Straight - " a " student at grade school . Class president for three years in a row . Then in ' 87 , your mother passed away from ovarian cancer . Foster homes for a few years , grades plummeted . And in ' 92 , you 're in a detention center for robbery . '94 , two years in jail , Real jail this time , for heroin possession . My life was messed up . But i did everything i could to clean up my life . Did your little friends tell you That i applied for the philadelphia police academy For two years in a row So i could make a difference and ... ? [ thunder crashes ] But they turned me down , and i moved out here . Look , if you could just give me two weeks . That 's all i need . Relax . I 'm not firing you . I 'm starting a new project . I 'm looking for people , people like you , People who have been given a bad deal in life . Take a look at this . Charles keen , One of the most respected physicians in the state . Five years ago , He over-prescribed oxycodone to a patient and killed her . Lost his license , his wife , his family . Lost everything . But most people , people like charles , They struggle to understand my project . They require a little persuading . That 's where you come in . You see , i believe that , Given time , they will realize that I am offering them the most incredible future , A chance to restart But also to - - to participate in something quite extraordinary . And i want you At the center of that , arnold . This is it , Your second chance . Will you join us ? [ grunting ] Come here ! Just relax , doc . I 'm not gonna hurt you . [ dog barking in distance ] [ breathing heavily ] [ beeping ] [ machine humming ] [ beeping ] Bill : I 'll see you tomorrow morning . Lock up for me , will you ? [ bell jingles ] [ door closes ] [ drawer opens , closes ] I 've tried to preserve the very best of our culture , To create a world in which they can grown , In which they can thrive . You really expect people to grow and thrive In a world ruled by fear ? They didn 't choose to be here . [ scoffs ] Has anyone ever lived a life Entirely defined by their own choices ? No . Socioeconomic status , Race , gender , The day on which we were born , Beauty , height . We are defined by millions of variables Way beyond our own choosing . But that 's different . That 's fate . Those aren 't choices made by others . Others have always made choices for us . Think of the millions Drafted into wars decided by their leaders , The causes of which , in retrospect , Seem utterly meaningless . A-a patch of land , someone 's religious tenants , The price of a tank of gasoline . My actions were motivated by something far purer . [ gasping ] We 'd left the old world in the year 2014 And went to sleep for 2,000 years . According to my algorithms , That would be enough time for the environment to reset , For the planet to thrive after all the humans Had died out and stopped destroying it . [ woman coughs ] We would have a second chance . [ woman shrieks ] All your questions today , i have asked myself thousands of times . In that moment , everything became clear . All my work , the sacrifice , It was vindicated because i 'd been proven right . It was 2,000 years later , and we were the only humans left . When humans are united by a cause , They can achieve almost anything . Ethan : How long did it take to rebuild ? Only two years . Keeping it safe proved more difficult . We established a perimeter , Not to keep anyone in , you understand , But to keep the aberrations out . Have they ever gotten in ? We soon discovered they were dangerous but very predictable . Unlike humans . That 's why you spy on them . This isn 't a little town , ethan . This is a new civilization . When america was born , there were spies on every corner . Traitors were hung on the street . And stalin spied on his citizens And executed them just like you . [ bell jingles ] Ted came by ? Harold : Mm-hmm . Franklin , too . Kate : So it 's ready ? Almost . Well , what 's taking so long ? If innocent people die - - We 've talked about this . No . We 've talked about it , but now it 's real . How many people have they killed over the years ? Huh ? And for what ? After peter , i 've had enough . I-i-i can 't take any more . I want to know what 's out there . We deserve to know . I 'm ready . Face whatever it is . I-if your fiancée is out there And - - a-and there 's still a future for you with her , We 'll face that , too . I just - - i can 't leave here without you . I won 't . We - - we have to make this choice together . You still with me ? Yes . Of course . I 'm with you . David : Everything i 've done is Trying to stop the town from falling apart , But things become too unstable . That 's why i woke you . They need someone to look up to , someone good , Someone who will make things better . Ah ... The secrecy , The public executions , That 's got to stop . I agree , But without a government , without an army , We have no means of control . You say you want to make things better . You want to do that ? Then phase out the surveillance , stop the executions . You have to tell them the truth . I can 't . Won 't work . You don 't know that . Yes . Yes , i do know that . Because i tried . You and your wife and son , kate ... Everyone you 've seen in the town is a part of group " b . " There 's a group " a " ? As soon as i woke them , i told them everything , The truth . The effect wasn 't immediate . It ... [ people screaming ] It spread like cancer and slowly ate away at the town . Some simply didn 't believe me . They - - they ran away . They didn 't get very far . Those that did believe caved into despair . These were ordinary people in an extraordinary situation . Their minds couldn 't handle the shock of this new reality . It was too jarring . They had emerged from plato 's cave into the light And it had blinded them . People are fragile . They need time to adapt . They accept change gradually . [ indistinct shouting ] But i had been too distant , too remote . Blind . I had failed them . I can 't change what has happened . But i can strive for a better future . These are the dark ages . But enlightenment is coming . And i need you to keep wayward safe until it does . And when is this enlightenment gonna happen ? When the new generation come of age , They will spread the seed . Young minds are fearless . They 're less ingrained in the old world . They can accept the truth . My son , ben . He knows the truth . [ rhythmic thudding ] Amy : Welcome to the first generation . [ thudding continues ] [ thudding intensifies ] [ thudding stops ] I 'm not asking for forgiveness . I know a lot of what i 've said today disgusts you . But together , we need to find a way to protect the town , To protect the first generation . What choice do we have ? There 's a new threat . We don 't know who they are , But there 's a faction . We think they 've been removing their chips . We don 't even know how many they are . They 've tried to escape before . They 're prepared to do something reckless . They 're gonna take down the fence . If they succeed - - They 're not going to succeed . We can 't let them . I 'm prepared to do whatever it takes To make sure that nobody gets killed , Not by this reckless group And not by whatever 's beyond that fence . That 's why you 're here . And not by you . [ cranking ] [ soft music playing ] It 's ready .
