 ( datak ) previously on defiance ... We are a lie That 's kept us together for all these years . What lie ? I never lied to you . You taught me to believe we 're the same . Yeah , we both grew up with blood on our hands . It made you okay with killing , but not me . Would you kill this human In exchange for your husband 's life ? [ yells ] - Ah ! - No ! When i close my eyes , i can only picture alak as a little boy . I keep remembering this one day we encountered a hellbug . I grabbed alak in my arms and i ran . ( stahma ) i held my son close and i whispered , " i will always protect you . " Now i realize that was a lie . [ both grunting ] [ laughs ] [ both scream ] You killed christie . - I-i did it to save- - - shut your lying mouth ! Always an excuse . You 've never told the truth . [ whimpers ] Alak ? [ screams ] [ grunts ] [ speaking native language ] Ah ! [ both grunting ] Don 't hurt him ! [ screams ] Do i have your attention ? Good . You , my child , have been favored . Indulged . I supported your choices . I embraced christie as my hanya tavo And convinced your father to accept the marriage . While you were captured , i thought of nothing but you . I destroyed the arch and betrayed my town To protect you from harm ! Christie . Christie chose death . She did it to save your child . She was a mother who sacrificed everything For her bloodline . [ grunts ] [ spits ] You ungrateful coward ! It is you who has shamed our family . [ baby cries ] Luke ? Is he alive ? Oh , my god , luke ! [ baby cries ] Well , at least now we know the wee one 's name . Hurry , please ! He 's killing her ! [ baby cries ] - Hand me a blanket . - Yes , favi . Luke is a fine name for a boy . What are you doing ? Taking my son somewhere safe . Far away from you . - Move . - I will not allow this . [ speaking native language ] Get out of my way , or i 'll kick you Down the stairs . - Don 't hurt the baby . - Let 's all calm down . [ speaking native language ] Not feeling very calm today , dad . ( nolan ) alak tarr ! - It 's the lawkeeper . - Get rid of him . - I said step aside . - Hey ! Settle down . What 's the problem here ? There 's no problem here . As you can see , we 've been reunited with our son . Andina tells me alak attacked stahma with a knife . Andina is not a bright girl . Clearly , she was mistaken . Is that true , andina ? Were you mistaken ? I get confused sometimes . This is a very emotional moment for our family . If you wouldn 't mind leaving us alone To sort it all out . Hmm . And where have you been all this time ? I was a prisoner in rahm tak 's camp . I was there the day you and irisa Took out the net-cutter . It was a terrifying ordeal . We 're just learning of it now . I need to know everything you saw . My son will be happy to share all the details With you once he 's had a hot bath and a meal . With his family . In private . They want you to leave so the three of us Can get our stories straight . You see , they 're afraid that i might contradict One of the many lies they have told you . Alak , stop talking . They 're working as spies for the v.C. They blew up the arch . [ both grunting ] Go , go ! Son of a bitch . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ All right . Thank you . ( nolan ) all right , good man . Okay , i think that 's all of us . Okay , to all of those of you who volunteered To help us with this manhunt , our town thanks you For your service . Now as far as we know , our fugitives are still in town . This gives us a radius of searching Of at least five miles . People , i need you to understand that apprehending Datak and stahma tarr is not about payback . You tell these people what you told me . Um , rahm tak is ready to make his move . I heard him bragging about it . - Can he succeed ? - Yeah . About a week after you guys bombed That net-cutter , i saw him buy A truckload of weapons from an arms dealer . Who ? What was his name ? I don 't know . Uh , he was a blond guy , musk ox coat , Bioman bodyguard . The weapons had the von bach industries logo on them . So the enemy has von bach tech and we 've got , what , slingshots ? People , defiance valley is giant terraformed basin . There 's only three ways in : Through bissel pass , which we have sewn up With the stasis nets , underground , possibly through Either old st . Louis or through the mines , Or through the mountains by foot Or some sort of aerial assault . It 's hard to prepare without knowing the invasion plan . Which is exactly where datak and stahma come in . They 've been working as rahm 's spies , And thanks to alak , we know they 've been in regular contact . So if anybody knows his plans , it 's the tarrs . So our job is to find them , capture them , Interrogate them , and find out what that plan is . - Do we understand ? ( all ) yes . Yes , sir . Okay , we 're gonna need searches--house to house , Street to street . Poole and enriquez , your job--search the hollows . - What was that look ? - What look ? When alak was describing the arms dealer , You had a reaction . No reaction . We need to hear this . Conrad 's blond . Conrad von bach ? Yes--okay , yes . Alak is clearly describing my ex-boyfriend , Who is clearly selling weapons to our greatest enemy . I 'm angry and ashamed , but there 's nothing I can do about it . Well , maybe he 's still in broadcast range . Call him . Amanda and berlin , you two take ... ( both ) darby square . Thank you . I haven 't spoken to him in two years . What am i supposed to say ? Tell him defiance wants to buy his product . The town can 't afford his product . Well , maybe you leave that part out . Report to your team leaders on the hour , every hour , And these searches both in the immediate And outlying areas , i want to be in a logical And systematic manner . Alak , you 're with me . Irisa , i need you to sit on the tarr house On the off chance they double back And try and snatch their grandson . People , let 's do it by the numbers , Clear , and intelligent . And be careful out there . You know , i 'm--i 'm perfectly capable of guarding my own son . I said you 're with me , And if you do spot the tarrs , Do not engage them . Chirp me on my hailer , i 'll come running . So i 'm a babysitter now . It 's a job that doesn 't require picking up a gun . Where are we going ? I 'll tell you when we get there . Why are you dragging me along ? [ nolan sighs ] In case your parents try and kill you . Oh ... [ speaking native language ] - Here . - It 's filthy . It 's better to blend in . This won 't work . They have the entire town looking for us . That 's why we need to leave . I have weapons and cash hidden in the garden By the hollows . Retrieve them . I 'll arrange for a roller And a way to get the stasis nets lowered . Meet me under the pedestrian bridge In 90 minutes . - And if you are not there ? - I 'll be there . What about the baby ? He 's better off with alak . - No . - A son belongs with his father . But we have each other , just like we did When we first arrived on this planet , And just like then , we will survive and prosper . Do not lose faith . I made you a promise back then , and it still holds . As long as i 'm breathing , you will be safe . Well , we 'll make our way to key diego . We 'll buy a boat and anchor up along the coastline . I hear it 's rich with sea otter . A simple life . I find the notion very attractive . Yes . I married well . Be careful . I am very proud of all of you . It 's been a brutal winter , filled with blood and hardship , Away from your families . Plunder has been scarce since tucumcari . Even my head collection is looking bedraggled . [ laughter ] - isn 't it ? - [ yells ] - [ laughter ] But a thaw is coming , my friends . The first kiss of spring . In a few days , we will ride into defiance . We will fill our bellies , fill our pockets . ( man ) yeah ! And savor the sweet sounds of over 2,000 pink-meats Crying out for mercy ! ( all ) yeah ! We will deny them mercy , the way they denied us When we first arrived here , Looking for nothing more than a home to call our own . ( all ) yeah . Look around , friends . We are home ! [ cheering ] ( geeze ) general ! General , the lookouts have spotted a rider On approach . - From where ? Defiance ? - No . From the southwest . I 'm curious . Let them get close . We ride for defiance ! [ cheering ] Identify yourself . When heaven falls to earth , peace shall reign . I 'm looking for rahm tak . You found him . Reveal yourself . Volubela ! Hello , rahm . Oh , if you smell as dirty as you look , You 'll be sleeping alone tonight . Come on , everyone , give volubela a proper welcome . [ cheers ] It 's time for celebration and news from home . Open a old-earth wine , stoke the cooking fires , And slaughter the fatted calf , With music from ... David bowie ? Mm-hmm . Volubela , i gift you a feast in your honor . Oh , rahm , you are such a good husband . [ laughs ] [ cheering and gunshots ] Holy crap . Close your mouth , kid . T 'evgin , where is he ? You 're healing well . I need to talk to t 'evgin right now . I believe you 're back to normal . It is rude to stare . ( t 'evgin ) what brings you here , lawkeeper ? You got a ship in orbit , right ? It has a name . Tsuroz . It 's got scopes and sensors and the like ? Where are you going with this ? The v.C. Are about to make a move on the town . I got two votanis collective fugitive spies on the loose In defiance , and i can 't find them . I need satellite imaging on the ground . To help find your spies ? Maybe take a look at the v.C. Camp- - Troop movements and placements . I will not take sides in your war . This is not our war . Rahm tak is a member of the votanis collective , Your sworn enemy . Defiance goes down , he 's coming after you And your gulanite next . If it happens , i will deal with it . Kindzi ? My father is also my commander . I support his decision . Helping us is in your best interests . Don 't you understand that ? This doesn 't make any sense . Why wouldn 't you help us ? Unless you can 't . Ohh ... That trip down from orbit , That was assisted by gravity , wasn 't it ? That 's pretty easy , but the trip back up Into orbit , that takes a lot more energy . That 's the hard part . You two are stranded here . You 're stuck , you 're weak , and you 're lying So we don 't find out about it , am i right ? I will not help you . My reasons are irrelevant . My--my mother was here . That is impossible . Uh , no , i would recognize my mother 's scent anywhere . You are her boy , alak . Returned from the votanis collective . I 'm very glad . So it 's true ? Alak 's mother is well versed in human culture . I wanted to learn from her to assist us To assimilate here . She taught me very well . I 'll say . How many lessons did you have ? And how recently ? Stahma 's a traitor . She mentioned this . Your kidnapping created quite a dilemma For your mother . Oh , well , that 's a real shame . So at no point did you think to tell us You were in bed with the votanis collective ? Stahma was available , and a very willing sex partner . I could care less about her politics . Okay , this is gross . ( nolan ) where is she now ? ( t 'evgin ) i have no idea . My town , my ship is in danger , And stahma tarr is neck deep in it . If i catch you helping her in any way , I am coming after you with everything i got . Hmm . - Let 's go . - Yeah . [ speaking native language ] [ growls ] Don 't move . Stahma tarr , you 're under arrest . Please . I 've done nothing wrong . This is all my husband 's doing . Save it , haint . Very well . Mm , i feel completely at home . Not completely . And that is why i 'm here , husband . It 's time for you to come back to brasilia . I know . The children miss me . Tell them their father is doing work here . - Important work . - Let 's tell them together . Hmm ? Come home . What 's going on , vol ? Why did you ride all the way up here ? Why do you think ? Vice chancellor voske sent you . She knows you 've gone rogue . They all do . Get out . This assignment of yours , it was supposed to be A simple scouting mission . ( rahm ) we met resistance . From the human farmers whose homes you burned down ? From the human ... Children i 've seen hanging from trees ? It 's better to ask forgiveness than permission . This world barely survived one war Between human and votan . There won 't be a second pale war if there is No one left to fight . I will be received and celebrated as a hero When i return . Do you really believe our sons will see you that way ? Huh , once they learn their father Has perpetuated genocide in their name ? Long before they were born , back on casti , When the arks were being constructed , Our government promised kwonyo gyendo , A votan world- - ours and ours alone . Our sons will live to see that promise fulfilled . It was a foolish promise made in ignorance . Our leaders did not know earth would turn out To be inhabited . They knew . They had to . So the humans of earth must suffer for our mistake ? Someone has to . The collective disagrees . And they 're prepared to forgive And grant you clemency , but only if you will stop This crusade . - And if i refuse ? - They will stop you . Rahm ? Oh , rahm , come home with me , please . Lay down my burden , resume a normal life . - It 's tempting . - Then be tempted . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ So your mom and t 'evgin . Okay , can we just drop it , please ? [ hailer chirps ] ( berlin ) nolan ? What 's up , berlin ? Datak just broke into doc yewll 's office . I 'm on my way back . Keep an eye on him . [ door opens and closes ] Shh . I need your help getting out of town . I hoped you washed your hands . It 's flu season . Please . You ever heard of the term " high maintenance " ? You should get it tattooed on your forehead . Are you going to insult me or help me ? First one , then the other . Here , it should help you with your cause . Thanks , meh . You should come with us . I don 't think so . Why not ? You don 't owe this town any loyalty . Amanda and nolan tore the very skin from your back . - They did it to save a life . - An omec life . Why is this even a conversation ? I 've had some time to think about it , And ... Amanda doesn 't make the same distinctions That you and i do . To her , all lives are equally valuable . You know , she 's such a sweet girl . Perhaps you should build a statue in her honor . I can 't help it , it 's the damn braid . ¶ ¶ - They 're on the move . - Shouldn 't we grab him ? Eventually he 'll lead us to your mother , And then we 'll grab them both . Yeah , right . You 're good at this . Good news , daughter . Our gulanite levels have reached 60 % . When they reach 75- - Tell it to your alabaster whore . It is tradition for omec To have many partners- - family or otherwise . You and i have not been traditional . True , your life is less rich For knowing only my touch . I am not jealous . - Good . - I 'm disappointed . Why ? When i was a child , you didn 't tell me Sweet lies like the other fathers , pretending i would Live a long and full life . You sat me on your lap , looked me in the eye , And told me that our suns would soon collide , And all life on our planet would be extinguished . You told me the truth . I am and always will be your beliaz . You should have told me she 'd been here And that you laid with her . You 're right . Stahma means nothing . She 's merely entertainment . [ speaking native language ] How do do you plan to get the stasis nets lowered ? Well , sweet pea , how about this ? A dangerous pandemic at the spirit riders ' camp . Irath flu . Only i know how to stop it from spreading . Well , that ought to work . She 's here . Go get her . I 'm risking my life . Ask nicely . ( datak ) please . ( yewll ) uh-oh . Lawkeeper , 12 : 00 . Shtako ! ( datak ) i 've gotta go , i 've gotta go . What are you doing ? Saving my wife . Wish me luck . ( nolan ) grab him ! Now ! - [ speaking native language ] - come on ! - Hey ! - [ speaking native language ] [ speaking native language ] Enough ! Your name is a curse , especially in this town . Okay , visiting hours are over . No , no , i 'm not going anywhere . I want to hear what he has to say . Suit yourself . See , here 's my dilemma . Everything you say sounds perfectly reasonable . You were prisoners , forced to collude With the enemy to keep your son alive , A plausible story that , taken on face value ... I can understand . Hell , i can even sympathize with you . That 's very decent of you . That does not , however , explain the fact That you committed acts of terror and treason Against the people of defiance . It doesn 't explain why you 've been lying To me ever since you got back into town . Hell , i don 't even know that you 're not lying To me right now . So you 're gonna torture him ? I 'm gonna do whatever i need to do To get the job done . I have nothing useful to tell you . Do your worst . I intend to . - Whoa , whoa ! - Get your hands off my son . Well , you seem awfully concerned for him , when a moment ago , You were saying he was a disgrace to the family name ! Shtak , nolan ! You can 't do this ! I can do whatever i want ! You 're bluffing . [ gunshot ] - ah ! Now , your son said that rahm tak Has a bunch of fancy , new weapons and a plan To enter defiance . Tell me what that plan is ! This is all your fault . I spied for the collective under extreme duress . I have no love or loyalty for rahm tak . - I know nothing about- - [ gunshot ] Lies ! At the camp , stahma and i were forced to humor him . - Liar ! - [ screams ] We talked of the old days , mostly ! He told us nothing ! Nothing ! You don 't want to tell me the plans ? Say good-bye to your little boy . Believe me , please ! Please ! I don 't know anything , i swear to you ! Don 't kill him ! I swear to you , i 'm telling the truth ! Don 't kill him , please ! Nolan ! Nolan , he 's my only child . What do you think ? You believe him ? Yeah . I believe him . [ laughs ] You were both bluffing ! [ laughs ] Oh , well played . Well played . Andina ? Andina ? Andina ? Luke ? Luke 's right here . - Where 's andina ? - At the market . - She ran out of makfyego . - Hey . I said i 'd watch bear . - Bear ? - Bear is what pilar called him . ( alak ) when were you guys with pilar ? Nolan and i found her with the baby In the woods outside of the v.C. Camp . So it was you guys who rescued him ? Huh ? What about pilar ? Nolan shot her . Good . On our way back to defiance , i noticed he liked To stare up at the sky . So i pointed out all the clouds shaped Like different animals . He started crying after andina left . [ baby whimpers ] - oh ... Hey . Well , i brought him outside . I thought maybe a look up at the sky might calm him . Oh ... Here . He has your eyes . [ chuckles ] Uh , thank you . I 'm just doing my job . No , i mean , thanks for saving my son . I don 't want to hurt you . What do you want ? Together , we will drive to bissel pass . You will order the stasis nets lowered . We will travel somewhere far away , somewhere safe . Once i am convinced nolan has not followed us , I will free you . That 's a lawkeeper 's gun . Whose blood is on it ? One of the deputies . He tried to arrest me . [ gunshot ] [ both grunting ] You 're a terrorist . You know that , right ? I 'm a mother who loved her son . Perhaps more than i should have . - [ laughs ] - don 't laugh at me ! Oh , hey , i 'm just taking a moment to enjoy What a great mother you are , stahma . You love alak so much , you had to kill his wife . Just like kenya ! You loved her so much , you had to kill her ! Oh , you are so beautiful , stahma . [ yells ] [ screams ] [ glass shatters ] You 're not good . You 're not loving . You 're just a vicious , nasty thug . [ yells ] I think one of us is going to die . Ah ! It would have been so easy for me to blow up the arch While you were still inside it . I chose not to kill you then . And i choose not to kill you now . [ winces ] I hope you go to your grave wondering why . [ both speaking french ] - Drinks are on me . - What are we celebrating ? It 's a thank-you . Why didn 't you tell me it was you and irisa Who rescued luke ? Didn 't seem to matter that much . You rescued my son . It would be better for him if i was Less like me and more like you . - I 'm weak . - Not true . You survived seven months of captivity in the wild With a madwoman who kept your son alive . You escaped from rahm tak 's camp , Helped us ferret out a couple of spies . In my book , that makes you one smart , capable , Strong young man . Doesn 't make me a good father . Hmm . Well , if you 're trying to hold me up As an example , you 're gonna be sorely disappointed . My version of parenting was to take a perfectly Good kid and try and turn her into a stone-cold killer . Screwed her up royally in the process . Nah . Irisa 's the best . She presents well . Actually , that 's not true . She doesn 't present well . Not at all . - But you love her ? - I 'd die for her . - She loves you back ? - I guess . Maybe that 's enough . A couple of screw-ups like you and me , We better hope so . I miss christie . I know you do , son . Anything ? Nobody 's come in or out . They 've been in there a long time . Should we go in and check on them ? We wait . [ speaking native language ] [ sobs ] General ? She was an assassin sent by the humans Under the guise of peace . They 're getting smarter . Then i guess it 's high time we teach them a lesson , Wouldn 't you say ? Bebe , put on some coffee . It 's time to burn the city ! [ cheering ] You know you had this coming . You bombed the arch . You killed people . Let me ask you . How many lives would you be willing To sacrifice for your daughter ? How many lives have you already sacrificed ? Oh , leave me out of this . I 'm nothing like you . You 're right about that . Were you there when they did in rafe mccawley ? The man died on his feet , Trying to save christie . He took down three v.C. Soldiers and wounded rahm tak himself . Stupid . And noble . Sounds like rafe . Good man . His heroism shames us all . Amanda 's gonna hang me for treason , isn 't she ? Not fair to put it all on her shoulders , But , yeah , she 's gonna hang you . Could i have a dash more salt ? [ stahma gasps ] - Aah ! - Stahma . I need your help .
