 For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , killed them for sport . But what if , all across the globe , the animals decided : " no more " ? What if they finally decided to fight back ? Previously on " Zoo " ... Rise and shine , Jackson . We have a dozen impatient Swedes waiting for us to show them the rhinos . Go now ! My father made all these tapes . He talks about a " defiant pupil " . Indisputable proof that his they was correct . Maybe my father wasn 't entirely crazy . - Hey there , Chloe . - Oh . Hi . You leaving ? I 'm going back to Paris . Your father 's ideas were rejected by every one of his peers . - Harvard revoked his chair . - What if they 're wrong ? What if they 're all wrong ? - He was the laughingstock ! - What if everyone else is wrong ? At some point , your father found his way to Japan . Whatever is left of his research ... this is where you 'll find it . Mitch Morgan ? I 'm Jamie Campbell . We spoke on the phone . Right . - L.A. Telegraph . - You 're the animal coroner ? Veterinary pathologist . The beef those lions were fed came from cows that fed on grain that was treated with pesticides from Reiden Global . Meaning it caused aberrant behavior ? Exactly . I think these lions are communicating with each other . - Abe ... - If you go , I go with you . Besides , I think Japanese women are very sexy . I 'm sure they 're gonna find you sexy , too , in a beaten-up kind of way . Chloe Tousignant ? - Oui . - You may be uniquely suited to help us . I 'm afraid that the fate of the world may hinge on it . _ _ This is Nicholas Bradshaw . He came to Kamnik a week ago to adopt a son . Yesterday he was massacred by dogs . Massacred by dogs ? Don 't be ridiculous . You 're right . One man does not a massacre make . But look around . Six . - I 'm sorry . I 've got to ... - I know this is upsetting , but I needed to show you tangible evidence of what I suspect - you 're already beginning to realize . - And what is that ? That something very strange is occurring in the animal kingdom . And I 'd like your help in getting to the bottom of it . Why me ? I 'm not a field agent . My expertise lies in human attacks , not animals . If that is what you need , I 'm sorry , I 'm not your girl . Ms. Tousignant , I 've thoroughly vetted you . You 're one of the top intelligence analysts at the DGSE , you speak five languages . You understand virtually every culture on Earth . Perhaps there are others who meet these criteria , but given what you witnessed in Africa , you are exactly what I need . - Business or pleasure ? - What ? 17 hours in airplane seats not suited for children . Two hours trying to hail a cab . Another hour searching through city streets with teens dressed like circus clowns . And did I mention , I haven 't been off the African Continent in over a decade ? So I am asking : which one do we conquer first ? Business or pleasure ? Let 's find the address . Then you can ... partake in whatever it is you feel like partaking . This is it . We are looking for the former residence of Dr. Robert Oz . Jackson ? Thank you . And now we border treacherously on stalking . I don 't know whether to be freaked out or flattered . Be grateful . What 's that ? The paper has offered to fly us to New Orleans to meet with Senator Dixon Vaughn . He 's head of the Environment and Public Works Committee there . A little premature , don 't you think ? We have solid evidence against Reiden Global . We don 't have anything close to solid evidence . Are you kidding me ? Look ... we know those lions were communicating over large distances . That 's not evidence . It 's a theory . Yes , we have a mutation that seems to be producing a hive-like mind in lions ... same kind that exists in bees , some kind of super-organism ... but that 's more crazy than it is anything else . And it 's a hell of a long way off from pinning the blame on Reiden Global . Look , Senator Vaughn is from my home district . He 's a good man . He will listen . Our theory is at least enough to get him to launch an investigation . Look , I have classes , I have students . I have laundry . I would think that if there 's even a possibility that Reiden Global is turning lions into super-organisms , that would be a priority for you , but it 's fine . I 'll just , um , take my findings to a guy I know at Caltech . Oh , now they 're your findings ? This is the kind of stuff that leads to tenure and chairmanships . Appealing to what you perceive to be my outsized ego lacks subtlety . And Louisiana is lovely this time of year . I recognize you from a handful of photos your father kept . I apologize , Minako . I had no idea that my father had got remarried . Ah . Please sit . We met at Harvard six years ago . I was writing my thesis on trophics interaction and plankton ecology , and I became fascinated with Robert 's work on animal evolution . After he was fired from the university , he sunk into a deep depression . I convinced him to continue his work and offered to use my family 's money to sustain us . He was , at that time , quite penniless . So , you were with him during ... ? His breakdown ? Yes . Love is difficult . When you stick with someone during the hard times . But , of course , that is when they need you the most . If you have come now , two years after your father 's death , it must be because you need something . A pride of male lions in Africa ... their-their behavior was , uh ... Troubling . I believe that my father may have additional research that can shed some further light on the lions ' , um ... changing behavior . So it has begun . The awakening of the animals ' cognitive acuity . I would love to give you the rest of your father 's work , but it is not here . It remains where he conducted his final experiments . Where is that ? Your father became paranoid . He began hiding his findings . Coding everything , even from me . I finally convinced him that somebody other than himself needed to be in on his genius . What are those ? Rads meters . You need to wear these at all times . They let us know when we 've taken in too much radiation . Why should we be worried about radiation exposure ? Your father selected an island 30 kilometers outside of Fukushima . Fukushima ? As in nuclear reactors , radiation leaks and deadly fallout ? He called it his " Ghost of Christmas Future . " Coming to this island worked for your father . The last time we spoke , he was so thrilled . He said he finally understood . Understood what ? I suspect ... why the animal behavior was changing . I don 't know . He did not want to say over the phone . But before I could make the trip out here ... That 's a bat . That 's flying a little high , isn 't it ? And a little too early in the day . What 's going on out there ? Mayday ! Mayday ! Zoo season 01 episode 03 " The Silence of the Cicadas " " The wolf and the lamb shall feed together , " and the lion shall eat straw " like the bullock , and dust shall be the serpent 's meat . " All done , Evan Lee . You ready ? " And God said , ' Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind . " " The cattle " and the creeping things " and the beasts of the earth after his kind ; and it was so . " Let 's go , Evan Lee . Time to see the warden . Evan Lee , I 'd ... like to get you to reconsider speaking to the widow . It 's just kind of best for everybody if we just move on . Answer 's still ... no . Well , now , you ... suit yourself . But tomorrow night , you 're gonna be getting the needle . And if you really believed in a hereafter and any kind of mercy there , go and give the widow what she 's asking for . I 'm beyond mercy . - Get him out of here . - Yes , sir . Okay . Okay what ? Okay , you 're right . It 's time to make amends . - Abe ! - Over here ! - I can 't find the pilot ! - Keep looking ! Come on . Come back . Come on . The pilot is gone . Is ... she not breathing ? Don 't stop . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Don 't stop . - Jackson . - Come on . Come on . - Jackson . Jackson . - Come on . Come on . - Come on ! Come on ! - Jackson . Jackson ! Oh ... I still have no idea what help I can be . I study patterns . I process information . Your skill set is exactly what I need . Those poor people were attacked by dogs . Presume the attack was human . - This is ridiculous . - Ridiculous ? You mentioned that . Humor me . Look with a different eye . The bodies in the morgue were in various states of decomposition , indicating the attacks took place over weeks . It is clear why the victims weren 't discovered for some time , but why were they not missed ? Perhaps they were targeted because ... they had few ties to the community . For instance ... ? Visitors . People without roots in the city or the area . Tourists . Good . Anything else ? It 's a question of motive . If the victims were killed with no possible gain to their killers ... What ? If we were dealing with a human suspect ... multiple victims over time , murdered in a place where their bodies wouldn 't be discovered ... there would only be one possible explanation . And what is that ? They 're honing their skills . - Honing their skills ? - Yes . But why ? This was not humans but dogs . What purpose would it serve them to be more efficient murderers ? You do understand the problem . The question remains , are you willing to join me and do something about it ? I 'm sorry miss , I can 't rent you a car because it 's saying your credit card is declined . Are you sure ? - Could you try it again ? - Sure . Well , I knew the newspaper biz was in the weeds , but getting a corporate card knocked back ... Actually , now it 's saying to cut up the card . No , no , no . That-that won 't be necessary . Um ... Okay . Suppose we can use one of mine . I 'm sure The Telegraph will reimburse me . Right ? This trip has nothing to do with The Telegraph , does it ? It did . And then it didn 't . Because I was fired . I spent my last $ 800 getting us here . I 'm sorry . I know I shouldn 't have lied to you , but I did it for a good reason . Yeah . That 's the problem with you . Your " good reason " barometer is on the fritz . Wait , where are you going ? We still have a meeting with the senator . You have a meeting with the senator . I 'm getting on the next flight back to L.A. Call your guy at Caltech . Although , unlike me , the guys at Caltech are smart . They 're not gonna fall for your Reiden ramblings . No , no . Wait , wait , wait . The flight doesn 't leave for eight hours . Yeah , I 'll get one of those chair massages . A really long one . Or you could spend two of those eight hours meeting the senator , laying out the findings that could eventually lead to your securing a-a Nobel Prize . A Nobel Prize ? Okay , maybe not a Nobel Prize but-but a different kind of prize . The kind of prize that makes you feel really good about yourself . Come on Mitch , can I ... Can I at least show you something first ? The pilot sent an SOS beacon on our way down . We can expect a rescue . But in who knows how long ? How do hundreds of bats fly 5,000 feet higher than they normally do ? Perhaps the radiation ? How far do you think it is to my father 's compound ? From the plane , maybe three kilometers . We could make it there and back before the rescue arrives . This thing suvived the crash , but I don 't even know what these numbers mean . Green . Maybe we 're safe . " The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb , and the leopard " shall lie down with the kid ; " and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together ; and a little child shall lead them . " Ms. Blanchard , thank you for taking the time to come down . I was surprised to get your call . Well , most death row inmates , in the end , they like to clear their conscience before execution . I hadn 't held out much hope for Evan Lee , but , well , here we are . I can 't believe she 's dead . Jackson , we did everything we could for her . I know , but ... I would have liked to have thanked her . For sticking by him . It 's a hell of a lot more than my mother and I did . Well , from everything you told me , that was the best thing that could have happened to all of you . But what if we were wrong and he was right ? Is it possible that we were looking at the situation all wrong ? What we thought was a man on the edge of sanity was actually a man on the verge of an extraordinary evolutionary breakthrough . Perception can sometimes stain reality . It is why I don 't tell everybody about my past . We should keep going . _ I was 11 when my mom got sick . She was one of the first ones . Eventually , there were 26 more . 26 formerly healthy members of the community . Cancer clusters . We tried to make a case , but ... by then , Reiden was this ... huge , monolithic super-corporation , and we were just a bunch of sick farmers in a tidewater town . And who knows what causes cancer , right ? All you can do to avoid it , good luck and good genetics . Or so the thinking goes . I 'm sorry . Do you have family ? I never asked . Yeah , we 're not close . As you can imagine , I 'm an acquired taste . Yeah , in the beginning . In the end , though , you come through . Anyway , I wanted to bring you here to show you that I wasn 't completely nuts . I 'm just very , very angry . This must be the place . What 's the radiation level ? It 's up to yellow . We need to get in and then get out . Dear Lord , who removed the eyes . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay , boy . It 's okay . Don 't worry . Don 't worry . It 's okay . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Don 't worry , don 't worry . Oh , my God . Jackson ? What exactly was your father doing here ? Thank you for making the time for us , Senator . Oh , my ... Beautiful . Bag that yourself ? In Alaska , my 40th birthday . Reiden Global . We have been fighting that fight for some time , haven 't we , Ms. Campbell ? Yes , we have , Senator , but Dr. Morgan has found the smoking gun we 've been waiting for . Yeah . Right . Uh ... it 's possible that a new mutation is allowing lions in Los Angeles to communicate with each other over long distances . Functioning as some sort of super-organism . Although the evidence of this is observational , not quantitative . Uh , what Dr. Morgan didn 't mention is that the mutation in the lions , and some disturbing behavior we witnessed in cats , was preceded by exposure to Reiden pesticides . We can finally show that Reiden is radically altering animal genetic code . I have been with you on this , Jamie , from the beginning . - Mm . - But as is the case sometimes in these matters , things change . What things ? See those shelves ? That is the result of the investigations my committee has launched into Reiden Global . For every motion we file , they file ten . For every lawyer we have , they have a dozen . Reiden is just too powerful . They 're everywhere ! - Well , Senator , this ... - I know this has been important to you for some time , Ms. Campbell , but it is over . Well , we should go , Jamie . Please . Knowing when there 's no longer any sense in a fight , Jamie , is what separates the proud from the pathetic . Good-bye . Senator ? I did my grad school thesis on the inverse proportionality of taxidermy wall mounts to their owners ' penis size . My condolences to your wife . I 'll check for a generator . Oh , I found horses eyeballs . Lovely . - I think I know why he came here . - What do you mean ? My father . He came here because of the radiation , because the animals were already changing . But he was already experimenting on animals back in Boston . Yes , on changes and behavior that were naturally occurring , but I think here , he realized the radiation accelerated changes in the animals ' biological makeup and behavior . He would go to such lengths , even to the detriment of his own health ? It 's exactly what he would do . This entire island was his petri dish . The Ghost of Christmas Future . Gentle ! Bring down . Bring it down ! Bring down ! No , no ! No ! No , no ! No ... He looks like he 's aged 30 years since I last saw him . Easy ! Get the lead rope ! You see that ? The " defiant pupil " . Just like the lions . So Vic , who owns this place ... he 's kept the decorations up for 15 years . Since his wife died Christmas Eve . How very Miss Havisham of him . All right . Is this what you 're gonna do ? " Bartender , pour me another " ? You 're gonna drown your sorrows 'cause of a little setback ? A little setback ? Dude , I don 't have a job . I don 't have an apartment . I don 't have any money . And the last best chance I had of nailing these bastards just showed us the door . Mm . - Encore . - Yes , ma 'am . Wow . Yeah , I was awful to my mother the last year she was sick . You were a kid . Kids ' brains access fear more easily than they do compassion . Fear of losing your mother made empathy impossible . I was ashamed of her . Of her baldness . Maybe that 's why you 're doing this . Why you 're off on this crusade . Hmm ? Make things right ? Well , no kidding , Sigmund . Duh . Okay , listen . Maybe I can work on the theory back at the lab . Few more tests , I can come up with something that even Reiden Global and their legion of lawyers can 't deny . No . No . Don 't bother . It 's over . Why ? Look , I really appreciate everything that you 've done so far , but ... there 's nothing for me there . I 'm gonna go call my uncle . See if I can crash with him till my next setback . Mitchell Morgan . Yeah ... do I know you ? As you can see , the matter is rather urgent . So you claim . Mystery Man in a Very Nice Suit . I 'm in town , actually . Um ... Yeah . Yeah , for work . Yep . With the paper . Uh ... I , um ... I was thinking maybe we could ... we could catch up . Yeah . Yeah . Uh , I 'd love to come by . I thought you 'd jump at the chance , with the funding in your department severely cut , your proposal for a state-of-the-art lab being turned down , and your fervent desire for confirmation as to whether or not lions can now communicate over long distances . Mystery Man in a Very Nice Suit Who Knows Things . Yeah . All right , I 'm in . Very good . On one condition . I 'm surprised you agreed to see me . Seems it 's God 's will . Well , some might say a veiled attempt to stave off any kind of unforeseen unpleasantness in the hereafter . But I don 't answer to them , Miss Blanchard , only to you . It 's Mrs. You 've always maintained your innocence . But I need the truth , Mr. Hartley . Did you kill my husband ? I wasn 't always like this . Lusting . Craving . We played God . And we paid a horrible price . I was out there looking for the cure . Out there in the woods . That night , seeing your husband and his friends on that hunting trip ... it triggered something . Watching men celebrate murder . They made it easy . Easy to kill . Your husband was the first . He was a little slower than the rest . I took him down fast . You should know he didn 't suffer , Miss Blanchard . - My knife is fast . - Mrs. And before I got caught , I was out there looking for another hunting party . 'Cause it had become ... It is now ... my nature . I know you got questions about what I did . But all the answers are right here , Miss Blanchard . Damn it , it 's Mrs. - Mrs. Blanchard . - Is it , though ? Is it still ? You see , I thought I removed the " Mrs. " when I removed Daniel 's heart . Guard ! I want to leave ! Now ! Guard ! Open this door right now ! Day 47 . The " defiant pupil " has been present for 16 days . I have failed in isolating and reversing the mutations . The horses are becoming increasingly aggressive . This is impossible . Everything is in code . A little help here , Jackson ? The eyes are the window to the soul . How does that help to decode this stuff ? Like you said before , perception stains reality . What if ... the " defiant pupil " is a signifier that the way the animals see the world is now changing ? It 's affecting how they interpret what they see . What used to be a friend is now an enemy . And because of this , their behavior is changing . What if that 's what my father had discovered , and he thought that the only way to change them back was to remove their eyes . He couldn 't blind every animal in the world . No . I mean , of course not . Right ? That 's-that 's just ridiculous . Only a crazy person would ... think that . The radiation on the island seemed to accelerate the horses ' violent behavior . Equine number 12 at one point attacked my assistant ... biting her hand , and removing two of the fingers . At this point , I had enough . Ten minutes . Then I get to watch you eat your last meal . What 'd you ask for ? Fish sticks . Jackson ? What is it ? I remember this day . We were in Western Mass . We 'd gone to go observe a family of deer . You see ? A joyful piece of your father still remains . Yeah . Alongside the guy who thought he could blind all of God 's creatures . It 's quiet . Why isn 't ... The meter has stopped working . That can 't be good . - Hey ! Hey ! - Hey ! Hey ! - Hey ! - We 're here ! Let 's go , Mr. Oz , Mr. Kenyatta ! - Who are you ? - There will be time to answer your questions , but first we must get you out of here . Quickly , s 'il vous plaît . You do realize we just traveled halfway around the world because some random French guy asked us to , right ? Anything 's better than that Christmas bar . Jackson Oz , Abraham Kenyatta , Dr. Mitch Morgan and Jamie Campbell . I know you all have many questions , but if you 'll please take a seat . I know this was difficult , but I 'd like to think at least it brought you some small measure of closure . It didn 't . Thank you for coming , Ms. Blanchard . Damn shame to go and get murdered when you got that fine thing waiting at home . No , no , no , no ! Aah ! No , no , no ! Aah ! Open the gate ! Aah ! - Help ! - Yes , sir ! Aah ! I don 't know ... has been breached . Wolfs are outside of here ! Get out of here ! Get out of here ! Go ! Hurry up ! Go ! Okay , this is weird . Yeah . What exactly are we waiting for ? Monsieur ... Delavane . Greetings . I apologize for all the cloak and dagger . The four of you are here because your suspicions over these last few weeks are correct . You are all aware of lion killings in Botswana and Los Angeles . But there have also been a series of dog attacks in Slovenia . And in Japan , hundreds of bats swarmed a plane and brought it down into the ocean . In Jakarta , three Sumatran rhinoceros turned over an SUV belonging to a family of Norwegian tourists . The rhinos waited for the family ... father , mother , two children ... to exit the vehicle and then trampled them . In Wuppertal , Germany , six brown bears came out of the Kothen Forest , making their way to a playground in mid-afternoon . The massacre that followed left seven children dead and another 14 injured . Taken individually , each of these incidents can just be seen as a horrific , tragic event . No ! I believe ... - they are evidence of something else . - Close the door ! And what is that , exactly ? The global pandemic your father believed was about to emerge . It appears ... it has arrived . Sorry ... his father ? Professor Robert Oz . Help me ! We 're all here because you believe that the scientific theories of a notorious crackpot are now coming to pass ? Watch yourself , scrawny . Mitch Morgan , as advertised . This is all very interesting and definitely disturbing , but ... none of this proves anything . Certainly not the coming of the animal apocalypse . And that 's why I had Monsieur Alves bring the five of you together . Five ? I count four . This is Chloe Tousignant . She will also be working with you . Hello . Ms. Tousignant will function as my proxy . Come on , come on , open up ! As my eyes and my ears . Let 's go ! Every decision that is made will go through her . Ms. Tousignant ... is in charge . Something is most assuredly going on out there . All we want is for you to figure out what it is . Before it 's too late .
