 Please try to understand There has been lot of problems with your earlier experiments We definitely cannot allow you to test with humans But this time ... I am not going to test it with someone else I am going to go Without approval , if your device backfires , you might even face death sentence I am not afraid to die , professor My dream has come true With this machine , we can travel to our past and future We can learn things we did not know We can correct mistakes before it happens The world will be peaceful because of this Please ... Your intention may be good , but nothing is in my control We need ISC approval for everything Moreover your claim is very serious Even international scientists are theoretical about this But you are declaring that you have discovered a Time Machine - This is impossible - Wait ... Let me prove it to you now You will trust me Please stay online , Professor Wait I cannot permit you to test it on yourself Today , February 14,2065 Time : 12 : 30 Trial with dog named Rica This device will travel 50 years behind and exit in 2015 As soon as it reaches , in five seconds , a camera in this machine will capture the surroundings In next 30 seconds , it will start processing to enter into the present So , estimated travel time is 40 seconds What if the device does not return ? It will come In case , if it does not return ... In ten seconds , this liquid in the machine will start exploding Nobody can get the device 40 seconds left for the device to return 30 seconds ... 20 seconds ... 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 0 Sorry 'Present ... Past ... Future' Present ( 2 days before Time Machine got ready ) Tami Nadu astrologers association assessment test Astrology has been there for many years Its a mathematical science that was developed by intellectuals even before our ancestors ! Even after years ... Astrology will not die Nobody ... Can destroy this Careful ... Please sit down ... But what is the situation at present ? Few ... Many amongst you Don 't read the predictions by heart Instead , you do it for money Due to this people have lost their trust in astrology In order to stop it , we along with our club members have decided to conduct this test This test will reveal if you are fake or not We have given different predictions for each one Don 't get caught by copying Yes ... Can we write after six months if we fail ? Wait Let me ask If we get arrears , we can write it after six months , right ? Murugesan , throw him out Do you think he will pass the test ? He will spoil even the one next to him Take him out Please ask if you have any genuine questions Did they even write the exam ? Exactly ... Sir ... Did you write the exam ? I just now sent one person out Do you want to go out too ? God help us This horoscope seems to be good The person with this horoscope will have his name start with the letter E Elango ... Why are all the three getting up ? May I know who filled this application in pencil ? It 's me ... Five rupees ... His job predictions are that ... He will not work under anyone 's supervision He may be stubborn to set up his own business Now say whatever you wanted to say Sir ... The used bottles in TASMAC can be reused by cleaning using a machine We can do that manually That 's how it is being done for years With the number of bottles getting sold quickly It 's hard to do it manually So ... So , you are going to buy a machine Correct If you get loan for ten lakhs , what will you do ? - I will work hard - Careful ... You may slip it away Whatever ... I wonder how you come up with such a business We will proceed further once you submit security proof for 20 Lakhs I have only ideas and strength Our country is in scarce of that Producing electricity from sugarcane ... Making condoms from cottons ... We are not out of ideas Claiming to work hard People have shut down their business They said they would give me loan in world bank but I refused and came here Enough ... There are still people ahead of you waiting to get loan You may leave He will not give up New ideas and thoughts will make him restless Thinking is his breath It seems there is a turnover of 3000 crores in this business - I just can 't believe it - Yes Even the quality less ones are getting sold out for 20,000 , it seems Yes This one ? They might have told you 8,000 for a kilo Yes This wig is only 45 rupees for one kilo Don 't you play games with me This had so much demand You will get 14,000 rupees for 300 kilos you have bought I have invested three lakhs Please check it out It 's lengthy Brother ... Whatever it may be ... It 's fixed His predictions for job being like this ... His predictions for love life and marriage life ... are prosperous and hence ... He might be in love " If you are a trendsetter , then I am the old fashioned " " Throw me a kiss I 'll be a matador ! " " The look of yours , throws me across " " It makes me long for your sight ! " " It 's only because of you ... " " I am a solitary singer now ! " " You sweep me off with your looks " How is she ? She looks too fair , is it fine ? That 's fine I did not ask for you I asked for her Do you know who is her father ? Whoever it is they are our in laws ! This is what I like the most in you Dosa is getting roasted " Today " " Yesterday " " Tomorrow " " I look at you " " You look at me ... " " I look into your eyes " " And you bow and blush ! " " You are a strawberry I am a dry cherry ! " " Our lives are nowhere near " " You are a cappuccino I am black coffee " " How can we be a match ? " " It 's only because of you ... " " I am a solitary singer now " " You sweep me off with your looks " At the same time , Due to the influence of other planets , his prospects for marriage is not strong This love might not end with marriage Have you ever seen anyone who worked for a salary and became rich ? But I have seen the one who got broke setting up a business People who are afraid to take risks go for a job The freedom one gets in selling peanuts on the beach is not as same as what the employer who earns in lakhs What should I tell my dad ? The owner of a peanut business ? Please be serious Wait If my project works fine then you will know what I would do You have been saying the same thing for two years Take one month time and do something If it does not work out start going for a job If not , In case you want to disagree with me , then please forget me Anu ... Even if there are problems He will live life king size Hello ... Mahesh ... Get the vehicle Please give me sometime , I will give it back The interest that you owe me is exceeding beyond lakhs - For now , I will take your vehicle - Hey ! Bring it Brother ... It 's hard without a vehicle Please ... Tell me ... They have taken over my vehicle I am writing my exam Please don 't disturb me I am standing in the middle of the road Stand somewhere in the corner I will come Sir ... Please , Sir At present ... it seems like he may be broke Because of his luck , not just him Even the ones related to him will face hardships Are they conducting exam for this ? Yes It seems there are many fraud astrologers - To find out , they are doing this - You are caught No I bribed with 1000 rupees and gave your horoscope - Mine ? - Who do you think I know ? They might call you for verification Tell them whatever has happened in your life so far Is this even a job ? One minute ... A customer is waiting ... I will be on hold You talk to him Wonderful ! Have you consulted any astrologer before ? No This is the first time One of my relatives got married immediately after he met the astrologer A marriage has been getting postponed for a long time I have come here with a hope that something good will happen if I get his blessings Good You should have brought the guy as well - I am the guy - Goodness ! What are you doing ? Is this board so important ? Nobody comes here Some day it is going to be crowded If that happens , I will never wear saree - Really ? - Get lost You go this way You have met him , right ? Good morning Don 't you worry about anything You will get over it soon Everything will happen as you wish My name is Somasundaram I am coming from Madipakkam You are not married yet That is your problem , right ? You are God You will get married - Don 't you worry - It 's a blessing for me Is a crow hovering around your house ? Yes That 's where the problem lies Not an issue We will get it resolved Come before the dawn next week We will solve it Thank you You know everything In my horoscope ... Consume this twice a day Everything will be fine Swami Have it with faith Good things will happen Thank you As soon as I reach , I will have to book a marriage hall I Ravishankar assumes office as Chennai 's Police Commissioner today Earlier , he was a special investigator in Tirunalveli district He said he would end corruption in Chennai A true police officer cannot grow for money and position I heard that you are all faithful with your job That 's why I called you all to meet here This is not an official meeting So , be frank with me I would like to know more about Kozhandhavelu Kozhandhavelu was born in a village near Nellore He was 15 , when he came to Chennai and started with small fights Started selling drugs ... Sold movie tickets illegally If curtailed he would create a ruckus with a non venomous snake ! He joined hands with a big gangster and started mediating problems between big shots He was imprisoned for two years for smuggling When he got released , he murdered the secretary in 1993 When he was supported by politicians , he completely lost his fear on the police He has grown His main business is to forcefully grab high value lands If they disagree He will murder someone in their family Since he targets big shots no one files a case So ... Kozhandavelu ... We will start from him I want to know who his target is I think this will be the last time , I will be meeting you regarding the land issue Did you realize it only now ? Let it be I should make you understand about him I have seen many threaten me ... Even with a lot of weapons ! Look for something else You have so much guts It isn 't easy to earn so much But You cannot show your guts everywhere Even if you show your guts , it is not going to help you ! You have a family You will have to go to your home in the evening When you go back ... Your family should be there They should be there , right ? Are you threatening me ? I am not afraid of this Hey ! Clean this I am coming - Brother - Tell me This isn 't working What should I do ? Give him the phone Brother is on the line Tell me Rajarathinam ... Don 't you like talking ? Don 't you think I am threatening you by showing photos If I murder everyone in your family Nobody would be there to prove that it is your land Sign the papers Don 't lose your life This is the respect I give to big shots like you The property should be registered in two days Do you understand ? I need some time I will have to discuss it with my partners You talk to anyone I need the documents in two days Alpha calling ... Alpha calling Lab test about to begin Engine start Right Left Increase speed 20 kilometers 40 kilometers ... Girls ... Traffic Police ... Yes ... Lab test ... Okay If I do a test drive on road ... Project success ! Yeah ! Brother ... Engine off Lights off Tell me What are you doing inside having your shop opened ? Is my blender fixed and ready ? I have dismantled the coil But since the carbon has been spoiled , RPM speed got reduced - So There is a variation in ... - Will it work or not ? It will work - Come tomorrow - Tomorrow ? A person in my house troubles me asking for Onion Chutney Why don 't you mash it up for me using a good blender ? I will come in the afternoon to mix masala Don 't shut down your shop You be a scientist But don 't create nuisance on the road What vehicle is this ? Is it a vehicle ? It 's got a completely automated voice ... If you start speaking in English , I will increase the fine Have you insured ? I did not ask for you I am asking for the vehicle It is not necessary According to Indian traffic ... Tell me My dad got to know about out love affair Did he tell you to forget me ? It would have been better if he had said that Then ? What is his name ? His name is ... Elango How long do you know him ? I know him for 2 years Even mom knows about him Oh ! What does he do ? Anu ... I asked what does he do 73 per cent ... So ... He is a share market consultant Oh ... Good Ask him to come tomorrow We will discuss Shall I call aunty as well ? Only he Not here At the Office You are a lucky guy ! You have found a good place Come You go I will wait here Shall we have this meeting some other day ? Come ... What do I know about Share market Don 't you know any other profession ? Then ? Do I have to say you are jobless ? I have told him You tackle it What 's this ? What ? Okay ? Are you able to hear it ? My heart is beating It 's all because of you Are you able to hear the sound ? A little do I hear Hear it ... Don 't be nervous My dad wouldn 't ask you tough questions It 's tough if your dad asks questions Come ... We will have to take important decisions in the financial year - More than last year 's profit ratio ... - Dad ... Elango Hi ... Good to see you - Thank you , sir - Thanks for coming Good to see you Please sit down So ... Minerva Tyres ... will soon become a blue chip company Our next target is their shares Anyhow , we are going to invest in a big level That might be a risk as well ... So ... Before taking that decision ... I thought it would be good to get opinion from Industry 's leading share trading expert I have called him here Now ... The expert will talk to you all Mr Elango Please come Please come Let him enlighten us Mr Elango ... Shall we invest ? Do you think it will be profitable ? Yes ... We should invest On what basis are you saying ? Basis ... This Tyre is ... I have been using this in my vehicle for almost a year It did run for 20,000 kilometers But ... It never got punctured That 's why ... - You are very funny , Mr Elango - Thanks Now jokes apart I believe you have been observing the company statistically Yes We would like to get your opinion about the company 's share volatility That will be good ... I read through it yesterday as well I notice this in it ... Sorry , guys I think Elango is unwell - It 's fine , Mr Elango We will see you soon - Sorry , Sir If you want to lie , make sure it suits your status I can figure out what happened seeing your face Get into the car I enquired He is jobless He has borrowed money everywhere He had been cheating you claiming himself to be a share market expert - Dad ... - Leave it Be happy that you realized about him now Let 's go Dad ... - He is not what you think - He is not good Leave him Please - Please listen to me - Don 't you talk about him Please ... Dad ... Please - You go home - Dad ... Go home ... Your time is over How do I trust you will not trouble again ? He means what he says Only when I meet Kozhandavelu in person , I will give Let me know the place and time Sir I agree with you because I trust you Please make sure he doesn 't trouble me again Don 't worry , Mr Rajarathinam Please cooperate with our plan He will not trouble anyone anymore - Thilagan ... - Sir ... It isn 't necessary to catch Kozhandavelu alive He shouldn 't miss in this attempt Jagan ... What is this ? No ... Nobody knows Police ... It 's police Start the vehicle Sir ... Please come ... - Don 't you move - Put the gun down - Keep the knife down - Put it down - Put the gun down - Sir Please come Don 't move Don 't move I will shoot you Will you shoot me ? I will murder everyone in your family Put it down No ... No ... Kozhandhavelu is dead I haven 't done anything useful so far - Yes - But , even my mom hasn 't cried over it I haven 't seen even the one who lent me money shedding tears Say that you haven 't seen it Anu cried today because of me That 's hurting me Why do you get hurt when girls cry ? How many times have I cried for you ? Have you even wiped my tears ? They have embarrassed you You don 't feel disgusted about it - You are hurt because she cried - Correct She was the one who embarrassed me She never even called me to ask sorry First switch on your phone and then moan Time is over Please leave Her dad isn 't going to listen Everything is over - It 's getting late - We are leaving Tomorrow is lovers ' day It seems like I will have to celebrate it alone - Where shall we go ? - Go somewhere Let 's go Alpha reporting I am going to switch on the voice recognition system I believe everything works fine in this attempt Engine Start Speed ... 20 kilometers Speed ... 40 Kilometers Alpha reporting Voice command is working normally Location East ... 30 degrees Perfect response so far - I have decided - What ? I have decided to go easy on my principles Is that a dhoti to loosen it ? It 's not funny - What are you going to do ? - I am going to go for a job You can blabber whatever you want when you are high , but make sure to forget it I have decided to go for a job Then tell it to Anu immediately before you forget it Because tomorrow you will ask me if you have said it I need evidence - So you don 't believe me , right ? - Not at all I will call Anu right away and let her know Alpha reporting I have no clue why it did not accept my command There must be some problem with the voice recognition chip I will have to re-program so that the vehicle is in my control during emergency situation Today 's test drive ... Failure ... Over Enough ... - Why don 't you hit the brake - Sorry It was an experiment It got ruined Sorry about this Did you get hurt real bad ? It 's okay I cannot expect success immediately after my trial Einstein has said that failure is the road to success Did you see my slipper ? My name is Ponpathikootam Giridhara Parthasarathi - They call me boss - Okay Your ear is bleeding Wipe it off That 's not a problem By the way , what 's your name ? My name is Pulivetti Arumugam He is Elango I am an Electronics and Instrumentation Engineer I am researching about vehicles for future I came by a vehicle which functions on voice recognition This one , is it ? Right ... Superb So you are the best Mechanic in Chennai Mechanic ? Last time I got a call from ISRO But I am not interested Don 't you ask me why ? Why is he being silent ? Good Knowledgeable people don 't talk much Who ? He ? But sometime , even fools pretend to be silent Friends , if you call , will someone come to pick us up ? Please lie down We will take care of it when it dawns Don 't disturb us Okay ... Anu ... Anu ... Anu ... Anu ... Who is it ? Switch off the light Police ... Police ... - Take a look at it - I will have to go for work tomorrow Look ... Boss ... Please look there Oh my God ! This is ... This is really ... Silicon wafer glass Metallic controls - What is that ? - Let 's go check it Hello , there ... sweety ... Come on - It 's a cat - No It 's a dog Alert ... The device is going to destroy itself Please stay away from the device 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 6 5 4 Unbelievable Do you know what this is ? - It 's a chemical bomb - Bomb ? Be careful It might explode Is this bomb ? I have seen it in many movies Bomb looks like an alarm with two wires in different colours Are you kidding me ? He told you , isn 't it ? Then why did you throw ? What are you doing ? It might get exploded Get down - What happened ? - Where did he go ? Ponputhirkootam Giridhara Parthasarathy Alpha ... Alpha ... Your owner is lost Nobody knows he was with us Come ... Let 's go He is back Come here Don 't be afraid It 's a time travel device What does that mean ? You can go beyond time It looks like in the Hollywood movies How did it come here ? It looks like it might come from 2065 But I don 't know why it has come 2065 ? Please explain You will not be able to understand Come ... Sit here Come on ... Don 't think Come The vehicle is missing Yes - The vehicle is here - Here ? But not now It 's in 2015 We are in 2010 now What is he blabbering ? Do you have change ? Thought so ... I don 't need it Bury it under the plant - There ? - Go ... Come ... Keep a stone for identity Okay ... Let 's go Our vehicle ... Yes ... Now take the coin Here is the coin ... This coin has been buried under the mud for five years Let the device not be here for long How do we take it ? " Today " " Yesterday " " Tomorrow " Read these books to know the basics of time travel This doesn 't suit us You explain to us in short Okay ... Now ... We are now in 2015 , right ? Going to past and future from here is called time travel Traveling beyond time What ? Do you understand ? Then ... the coin that we buried was similar , right ? Correct ... Then , is it possible to see any incident in our life by going to the past ? You can even change it - Superb ! - But , if we change any such situation , ... there are chances that our present life can also change The changes can be good it can even be worse I don 't understand How does our life change without our knowledge ? Please sit down Sit ... Do you love someone ? Yes One side I asked him Where did you first meet her ? At a park ... Let me give you an example ... In case you change in such a way that the meeting doesn 't happen at all Again , when you meet in present , your lover might not recognize you Hi Anu She might have even been married She might even have a kid Have your lover as an example , if you wish to quote Sorry I thought you might be able to understand An important thing ... When you travel to past and future We will also be living there We should never disturb ourselves in the tense If you do so you will remember only the old memories You will forget everything from the present It looks like we cannot even use the machine Shouldn 't use unnecessarily What is this ? Where did you get that from ? Give me that Chanceless ! Thank you very much , Puli I might have to do a research with this device You both leave Don 't utter a word outside about the device People will think you are mad Do we look like a retard ? All the three of us saw it , right ? Then why are you ignoring us now ? Friends ... This is a scientific device What are you going to do with this ? We are not stopping you from researching What do we benefit from it ? You cannot earn anything with it How can you decide that on your own First one week , we will decide what we can do with it Then you can do your research Correct It isn 't easy to earn money with it There are risks involved I will plan and let you know But you will have to wait Okay Let 's sit down - Now ? - Then , when ? Morning ? But once you get the money , you will have to give back the device Okay ? Okay We will come tomorrow - Bye ! - See you ... Anu ... Tell me Anu Sorry Why ? That 's not even a problem I already forgot You join for the work that I referred That 's enough I will talk to dad There is no need of that I have got a project From tomorrow everything is going to change Are you drunk ? Can you smell it ? I am talking something important You are blabbering without any responsibility Hang up ! Hello ... Anu ... - Get down fast - Patience ... It 's locked - He might be inside - Parthasarathy - He is not opening the door - He will open Parthasarathy ... - Oh ... it 's not locked ... - Whom are you looking out for ? Pon pudhir Kootam Giridhara Parthasarathy ... Who ? A mechanic ... Parthasarathy ... Oh that fruit ! He was hit by current and taken to the hospital Shock ? Have you given anything ? I too have given a grinder I am not sure when will it be ready What happened ? The coil has been spoiled Not that What happened to him ? I don 't know What do we do now ? How many times do I have to tell you not to drink ? I will kill you if you drink Rascal Doctor ... Fruit ... Place it on the table Doctor ... Parthasarathy ... - Parthasarathy ? - The one who got jolted by electric shock Oh ! That guy ? He has been hit with high voltage He is in coma right now We are giving treatment We cannot declare anything now You will have to wait He might get his consciousness anytime or he might never Where did he keep the machine ? It is here People of his sun sign should stay away from electricity ! Nobody can change the fate We can change How ? If we go ahead into the past We can save him Do you know to drive ? That 's not called driving It is called operating Yea ... Do you know that ? It 's not a game We might get into trouble by saving him He said he would help us out I am going Are you coming ? Coming ... Not for him But for you Why have you kept it out ? If we go to yesterday 's time , he will be inside This is how he operated What was the time we left yesterday Should be around 3 AM Get down Careful We will come tomorrow See you It looks like in the movies We are into trouble We are going to get caught Wonder who his parents are ! He is thinking so much for us We should start respecting him He is elder to us What is he doing ? Alpha reporting ... Alpha reporting ... These jobless people need time machine , is it ? Filtered Idiots Meeting Machine If I stop this accident , I can avoid the meeting Then this machine will belong to me Yes Over ... Look how well he has planned We shouldn 't let go We don 't have to change Let 's just watch Come ... Let 's go ... Enemy is gone - Think about something - Wait What are you doing inside ? Instead of sleeping , you can help me peel the onions He will never change Gold prices have increased by Rs2000 a sovereign Due to the new tax and customs slabs proposed by the central government price inflation will keep rising , say the experts Wonder where it 's going to end up When I got married , one sovereign was 1000 rupees If it was 1000 when you got married Then what about during grandma 's times ? 50 or 60 ... But that was a huge amount back then It was huge that time , right ? Your ancestors lived in a cattle shed ? Shall we visit grandma and go ? Look at the car Hey ! Look ... A British buying Onions Come in ... Please sit down Which place are you from ? Chennai ... Chennai ? Madras ... Whom are you buy the jewel for ? For you or for your wife ? Wife For wife ... There are a whole lot of variety for them Show them all the jewelry Here 's Atharva ! These are gold of good purity You can check it out carefully Get what you want We will get everything ... Everything , is it ? This will be 50 sovereigns in total We have money for 100 Sovereign It seems like you are a big shot Please don 't mistake me if I have spoken anything wrong Come here ... Get something to drink for them Do you like Bhagavathar or ... Kitappa ? We always like Rajini Rajini ? - Who is he ? - Superstar Which movie has he acted ? Is he an Hollywood Actor ? Yes ... Who are they ? They look new - They are bigshots - Oh ! Good The total is 2500 Hey ! Give them ... We don 't buy International money This is our country 's , 100 rupees This is our country 's hundred rupees Oh ! Is this black money ? I was doubtful when they asked for 50 Sovereigns Catch them Hey ! Catch them What are you having in this box ? Run ... Catch them ... Catch them ... Catch them ... Catch them ... Quick ... Thank God ! We escaped Why aren 't you changing ? Go see guys of your age You have got us to a wrong time What are you saying ? Your father did not change until the end Instead of being like him ... We have come one month ahead Why are you saying it carelessly ? Let 's go He is cheats everyone by saying that he is an astrologer - Hey ! Wait ... - What ? Mom ... Am I taking him along ? He joins me wherever I go He is the one stopping you from going for a job Here he is ... He always comes on the day I cook Chicken Yes I think we have come to a wrong time One day or the other I 'll poison his food Only then he will realize I will do that today Shall we eat and go ? Yes Come Eat and go Mom , its OK It 's getting late for us Can 't you spare a few minutes to eat ? Puli ... Mom was just pulling your legs Adding poison to the food is fun ? Even if you come late , it is fine But don 't eat outside We will come home Even my mom wouldn 't be so caring Careful ... Don 't break anything Be careful Are you also playing hide and seek ? Come lets go Where are you taking the glasses ? Go now Come It 's the correct date You open the door We need to be careful Puli ... I am cooking Chicken Eat and then go Enough mom If I have it I 'll go once and for all ! I feel so irritated He has got ulcers That 's what he meant What is this ? Give ... My glasses How did you get it ? It was inside I was searching almost a month for it and how did you get it ? That 's the grace of Pulivetti Sithar We used black magic to find it So you were the one who took the Eyetex kajal from here ? What did you do for the beetle leaf ? Are you trying to pull words out of my mouth ? Keep all this nonsense outside Why don 't you guys do something useful ? I am starting a new business from tomorrow Business ? What business ? A miracle in Chennai Tell us the date and time when you lost something It will be recovered within minutes , By the foremost disciple of the graceful Pulivetti Sithar Pulivetti Arumugam Ready ? - OK ? - OK OK Ready ! Let 's go Hi Viewers ! Today morning in Chennai , intriguing posters have been put up across the city Generally , these astrologers promise a lot , but they never put up posters like this Looks like this astrologer is a little over confident We are going to have a wonderful program today A customer is on the way Please come So you lost your chain at 900am this morning at Nelson Manickam road , is it ? That was what I have been saying for long ! I just confirmed Can you wait ? If you will surely find it , I can wait for long She is a fraud We will surely have a wonderful program today We are now heading to his scientific astrology center I am going to tell him that I lost my chain Let 's see how he manages Chain We have got your chain - Where is it ? - It 's there in the front zip of your hand bag How did he get to know ? To all the viewers of Priyam TV May you all be blessed with the grace of Pulivetti Sithar ! To test my ability and the grace of Pulivetti Sithar , this girl lied about her chain The grace of the lord is so immense that it does not take much time to understand such tests ! This girl might have done it for fun But you might be searching an important thing that you lost in life I am here to find it for you with the grace of Pulivetti Sithar Those who trust will not be misguided Amazing What we thought would happen and what happened is entirely different For sure , this astrologer has some supernatural powers That power is concentrated on this copper plate It 's not a normal copper plate This is something that tells me about the past present and future It is handwritten by Pulivetti Sithar ! Where is this place ? " I 'm the king and I 'm the minister too " " I 'm the wizard who plays with the time " I 'm the king and I 'm the minister too " I 'm the wizard who plays with the time " Don 't you cry Wipe your tears When and where did you lose your mark sheet ? " Tricking every one around , was the way money poured in " " Performing blindfolded , we earned our recognition " " Just like a magician we cast our spells " " Now that we have hands on the magical machine " " Gandhi , who got freedom for our nation " " Surpassing time we are on our way to meet him " Excuse me What 's that ? Don 't you trust them They hide the things themselves and then find it for you ! - They are fraudsters - Get lost You have to solve these cases We cannot do anything about the police cases I can 't find my snake ! I lost my passport Hey ! Give it " If you had lost something and are roaming around searching for it " " We will find it even before you had lost it " My curse is not going to spare you " Even if it flourishes or even if the earth destroys itself " Pulivetti 's words will always be true - This is more than what you have to give - This is for your prosperity Two lions are on their way to rewrite the history Good times are here for us to rock away Ramasamy ! Ramasamy ! - Why did you hit him ? - He is my Maths teacher ! I have lost my child " I 'm the king and I 'm the minister too " She is present at Annai Teresa Child home " I 'm the wizard who plays with the time " " I 'm the king and I 'm the minister too " " I 'm the wizard who plays with the time " - Mom ! Move aside - Wait ! It is our privilege to have your account in our bank I am ready , but your face makes me very uncomfortable We have been waiting for long ! - Go stand in the queue - Move aside and make way for her Have you ever seen your father surprised ? You will see that tomorrow No more in share market will a point move without my knowledge I feel very nervous now ! Our previous projects did not give the profit ratio that we expected Hello sir Please Good evening gentlemen My apologies for not answering your questions the other day My share analysis method is not mere guessing Its a formula Fully mathematical It will never go wrong for sure I have completed it now I will now show how the share values of the companies that you feared to invest , has peaked No No ... Nobody can say that I am in this field for 16 years and it is impossible to predict On what basis have you assumed ? Let me repeat I have not assumed I have derived Lets do something if you don 't trust me yet How much time is left for share market closure today ? Not even 7 minutes left I can tell you the share values of top company 's on today 's closure without a change in the decimals ! That is not possible at all You will get to know that in 7 minutes Fantastic " I 'm the king and I 'm the minister too " " I 'm the wizard who plays with the time " I am honored to have such a talented guy as my son in law ! Mr Puli ... Please discuss with your God and tell us an appropriate date for marriage Any date is fine Whenever the marriage hall is free we can have it on that date Happy ? I know that you are doing something But you are hiding it from me too I have to tell you ... Come closer Hey idiot ! I have never hidden anything from you Even now I don 't intend to hide I 'll tell you I feel it 's better to tell you on Friday Why on Friday ? Tell me now On April 18th , your birthday Birthday gift ? It 's a gift that nobody can give to anybody ! So far only we know about it ... Do we need to tell Anu ? Telling a girl and posting on Facebook is the same ! Leave it I 'll take care Careful The astrologer who finds all the lost things ... Pulivetti Arumugam ... They have all left Can you come in the morning ? - Have they left ? - Yes , They have left , go home safe now He is blind Have mercy Sir ! Please wait When I was in the INA , Nethaji Subhash Chandra Bose gave me the medal I had pinned it on my shirt to have it with me even during my death It is more valuable than my life Can you please find it for me ? Alright Tell us when , where and how you lost it Two months ago ... It was around 8 pm I kept the medal on the table that I usually keep I don 't know where it got lost after that Let 's take it and go Its not lost yet Let 's see how it gets lost Careful ... Careful ... You don 't even know to take it ! Come ! Are you all nuts ? Where are you guys looking at ? Are you humans or toys ? Such wasters ! Look at your faces ! Here it is ! I 've got it Our job is done Let 's not get money from him - Put your gun down - Put the knife down Please come I 'll shoot you Happy birthday dear Anu Happy birthday to you Your birthday gift - What could it be ? - Another cake maybe Lights Oh my God Your sweet memories So pretty Photos of Anu since childhood I have never seen these Unbelievable Mom , look at that This will be Anu 's last birthday as my daughter Because next year she will be your wife - Thank you dad - oh , so sweet She has never seen many of these photos She must have seen it as a kid She looks beautiful even in the photos What ? Romance ? Everyone is outside Nothing like that , wait You asked me what powers we got This is it What is this ? What is inside it ? Wait What is it ? Come Don 't be afraid It is a time machine Time machine ? - How did you get this ? - That ... I swear I cannot believe it So this is your secret power ? Yes This is how we found all that was lost - So , the share market analysis ? - Yes - I went to the future to get it - Simple You still don 't believe me right ? Come Anu Where did she go ? Anu What ? Where did all the photos go ? Step out Step out Come Where ? Give me a quick pose Come on Yes Okay , change It is just as it was Come Lovely , lovely I cannot believe it So - Can we go anywhere in time ? - Yes Tell me where you want to go " Love , oh love ! I broke myself " " To fill me with you tugged our lives together " " I filled the air around with our memories ... " " ... Untied your eyelids and hid away the sorrows alone " " I 'll grab the blurry shadows of our thoughts " " I will turn around the time for you " " I will travel across worlds to see you again " " I 'll fall in love again for you " " In the present , past and future ... " " You 'll be my angel , always ! " " The magic spell cast by the love pours down as flowers from the sky " " The only affection that transcends our heart is something that grounded me " " Wandering on an unknown path teases me to still wander around it " " As the time moves on , just like raindrops it keeps dripping on my thoughts " " I am confused at the time that you gifted me , Oh love ! " There 's nothing ! Mom What time were you born exactly ? - Morning 10 : 30 - Is it so ? It 's 9 : 30 already and your mom is still here sitting Were you born in your house ? - No , in the hospital - It must have been 10 : 30 pm No , it was in the morning What happened ? Come Oh ! Oh my , the phone What happened ? Look Get down You take care of mom I will get an auto There 's no time to think , go Madam Madam Come Careful Be careful madam Slowly , be careful sit down Let us go driver Thank you so much Your name ? Anu " You are my angel in my present ... past and future " " This the magic of love " " The sky showered with flowers " It is a girl Here - Me ? - Take it Stay that way - What is this ? - Cell phone What is a cell phone ? I will tell you Sir , is this fine ? I have shown you all our sarees I cannot take it any more It is the women who usually do this For the first time , in the history of textile shops , it is a man ! I 'm fine with this Really ? I am OK if you are OK with it Okay Can I write both your names on the saree ? Put their names on the saree And the marriage hall and bus info on the blouse Keep quite Write the names Okay For mom and aunt next We 've been in here too long already Your wedding is next week , remember I 'll visit the restroom - There 's water ? - Yes Who 's there ? I 'm inside Is it that urgent ? Thought you could catch me off guard ? I 'll kill you all You take care , I will be back Go back the way you came Come Puli This morning in a prominent outlet police officer Thilagan was murdered by Kozhandaivel 2 months back Thilagan headed the shootout for Kozhandaivel Because this murder happened in the toilet of a Shopping complex at the daytime ... To avenge that encounter He has murdered Thilagan Don 't worry , we will get him soon Your office and residence has been secured Armed cops will accompany you 24 / 7 My daughter 's wedding is in a week I hope nothing gets in the way Don 't mistake me Until this is solved postpone the wedding It is for your safety Think about it So yesterday the guy whom we saw was Kozhandhaivel There 's no doubt Remember ? We saw posters about his funeral It must have been false Posters could be false But the newspapers ? The newspaper outside Parthasarathy 's house It had news of his encounter I read it What are you saying ? These are all the Tamil papers Thought your search was important I didn 't know it was for Sunny Leone I have the videos Who is it ? Your friend has woken up from his coma Put him back to sleep Who was it ? Parthasarathy has woken up Adding to our present troubles ! It 's here Midnight encounter in Chennai , Target kills 3 cops and flees Not just the Tamil papers Everything has the same What we saw was false The posters and the papers are from the same day Your point being ? Kozhandai had died in the encounter But he 's alive now If you do like that ... Only memories of the past remain There won 't be any new memories It is just like he said We 've disturbed the time line Stop with your assumptions Not an assumption Only we remember his death No one else What does that mean ? We changed something accidentally Try to remember Not like it was once or twice We used it like a call taxi - Which could it be ? - Think again I could try if you tell me Tea ? Where did the encounter take place ? Near an old factory in Kottivakkam Wait a second Someone has told us this location I live at the government quarters , Kottivakkam The factory is near that place We altered something there Don 't rush We went Came out the house Got it We hit a biker , remember ? Yes The guy who swore at you 'Were you born or made ? ' That 's the guy Senseless people , where do you look ? Were you born or made ? Idiot ! Hell with his face Stop him Stop Sorry Remove your helmet Remove it How are you related to Kozhandai ? You are related to Kozhandai - True ? - Yes But only both of us know How did you know ? Don 't question us You have caused trouble Forgive me Why did you save Kozhandai ? It is my duty Like I told you , everything will be solved Abortion is not needed , I promised marriage She does not want to marry me You are related to her ? Make her understand I want to marry her Do I look like a cheat ? Tell me Go Leave Leave now What about her ? Sorry The dog ? I only called him This is also a disturbance Oh yeah This way I 'll shoot - Drop your gun - Drop your knife - I 'll shoot - Drop it Will my hand be amputated ? - Will I not get married ? - Shut up , let 's go It hurts Your bone was not hurt It should heal soon I 'm getting late , I 'll leave I cannot feel this hand Have you done this before ? Guess I needed this I 've given you anesthetics You will feel it after two hours As to why I came here ? Thank you so much No one can know about this - Don 't worry about it - Okay Give them what they need Okay Sorry I shouldn 't have set the dog free What is going on ? - It was my mistake - Stop Be patient I will tell you when it gets solved No need This machine has changed you If we stop the dog , it gets solved Kozhandai dies Let us do that You take rest , I will take care of this What happened ? It is not working It must be because of the bullet What do we do now ? Parthasarathy ? Sorry You warned us but we didn 't listen Our only mistake was the dog If we stop that Kozhandai dies and this gets solved The machine is now a brick You can fix it Keep the machine after this is over Yes , boss Who are you people ? This is a time travel device ! Fantastic According to Einstein 's relativity theory If we can travel faster than light Theoretically we can travel through time But you have the device This is a magic machine He 'll ask us to read the books To know the basics of time travel , read these He only forgot us His dialogues are the same Who founded the device ? His grandpa Must be a great scientist , can I meet him ? Sorry ! He is no more Sad Is that why you came for me ? The story from the car ? The dog that saves the killer It is not fiction , it 's true If your problem is solved The machine is mine ? Okay , but can you fix it ? Sure Device mechanics research is needed When will it be ready ? Very soon Constable , clear the gate Now Until Kozhandaivel 's arrest the Commissioner asked me to postpone the wedding We can 't be scared of this According to me Fear no one And no one has to fear us - Am I right Puli ? - If you say so You have a Tiger , fear not Constable Pachaimuthu , please reply Pachaimuthu , reply I 'll take care of this Wait Uncle Come Get in The key ? We dropped the key It is there Stay here Come Kozhandaivel We can 't let him be Kill him now Everything gets solved Should you or should I ? In the head , he 'll die Don 't hesitate Go away Come , let us go Let us kill him right now Let us kill him Let us kill him We cannot let him go We must kill him Run , don 't let them get away I cannot get through to the Commissioner Let us postpone the wedding If fear does us good it is not wrong to be scared You must be right You could have killed him You didn 't You are fine I am dead He could have killed me , but didn 't Now he knows my face If I am caught He 'll slaughter me into pieces There 's a call from your phone My phone is lost The phone is ours , let us know where to come Give me that Who is this ? Death This is your last day alive Live it to the fullest Where should we go ? Cemetery Do you know who called ? Kozhandaivelu What did he say ? He will kill us in 24 hours It will be safe with the Commissioner We cannot depend on the police I made a mistake Had I used a hit-man , Kozhandai would be dead Let us go to him , call him Another call Who is it ? The device is ready Success Come soon We don 't need anyone now I feel alive again Is he fixing a time for us ? He 'll be dead in 24 minutes , call him Warning Warning Is it fixed ? - It is on , but - But ? Can we travel ? Travel is possible Get in then One minute , hang on Since this is future technology Some parts are yet to be found I could not fix it entirely We just need to stop the dog That is the problem What is the problem ? Some sensors in this device are not working The desired time travel is not possible You can only go to this fixed time This is when I got shot We need to go 20 minutes earlier No chance If we don 't stop the dog , Kozhandai doesn 't die I have an idea We can go and kill Kozhandai But there is a problem What is it ? You can travel to this time But you cannot come back You will be stuck in the past It is like suicide I need more time for research Why did you ask us to come ? This won 't work out Let 's go meet that hit-man This could still be faulty See if the video is there Malayalam or English ? Rahman hits See if you have something else - No videos - Give me that I know the mechanic in this photo Parthasarathy is calling I am in Vannarapet I 'll call you later Turn your phone off Let go of me Bro ... please bro Untie me , bro What did you check ? It was right when I checked We cannot check one by one Bring the one who is responsible And slit his throat You said he was a smuggler But he is selling mushrooms They are not normal mushrooms They are drugged mushrooms You will trip 8 hours on it Come , how are you ? The one I mentioned It is him I cannot take anymore , let me go Life and business alike It is everyone 's need Those problems have to be solved That is how I know Kozhandai Since he went solo He has gone haywire I kicked him out Never seen him since But of late He crosses my paths I am waiting for the right time That 's ok Let us discuss your issue Should I solve this issue Or ... Finish Kozhandaivel ? Kill him Just solve the issue I don 't like varying demands Be quite He must be kept at bay until the machine is fixed Murder is not an option Just get us out of trouble He needs to be kept out of your way ? Yes Yes , tell me How are you ? I am fine Is Kozhandai there ? He is discussing Nothing I don 't know of Call him You know how it is How do I ? Don 't hesitate it 's urgent Okay , stay on the line Despite asking , you give me stories Marthandam wants to talk to you The man you are after They are with me They are my allies They want to talk it out This is unnecessary It is in your best interests That you let this go What do say ? For old times ' sake Don 't test my patience Bring them to me Or else stay away Those are big words You talk this way despite me calling you I 'll stab you beware You old * * * * Did you forget what happened ? You talk despite the wounds I inflicted ? There is nothing to talk , leave He will be tomorrow 's headline If you have trouble beforehand , call me Please let me go Don 't know why he called He didn 't reply either Let 's go He must have fixed the machine Let us leave Alpha reporting I could not fix the device , despite all efforts Traveling in this condition Return is impossible Who are you ? What do you want ? Answer me I want the truth Understood ? Careful what you say It is the truth You say they travel in a vehicle Where is it ? Where is it ? He shows a suitcase ? Tell them to come here I 'm in Vannarapet , I 'll talk to you later Turn it off What ? You live because of them You must thank them Despite asking , you give me stories ? Untie me , bro Help me out He has killed our friend He must be after us Kill him as soon as possible I won 't come after you You will come after me What happened ? Anu , where are you ? It is her friend Ramya Are you here ? Where ? What are you saying ? You texted asking where she was Just saw your text We said we were in the mall So I asked if you 're here What message ? Give it to Anu Anu is in the salon I 'll ask her to call you ? It 's urgent , give it to Anu Let us go Quick Anu ? She is not there She must be around here Please hold on Go faster Now touch her It is your dialogue You who touched Please , the camera is rolling You who touched What ? I let her go during a powerful dialogue How can he touch her ? Fans won 't agree , call the director It is in the script Just call him He asks for you Come here Tell me These dialogues , they are not good I am not doing a cameo Compose the fight well They are going up You said you were going to the salon I searched everywhere Elango is on call Tell me Do as I say Don 't ask why Choreograph the fight Artists assemble Hurry up - What happened ? - I will tell you Look there Go , quick Sir Please Do I look genuine ? I came for the shoot Call the police for help I have my hands tied Let us go for the take Is so much hair a necessity ? Where is your position ? Maintain it Stand here You won 't get paid , beware Stare during the take The knife is not to keep inside Hold it Hold it like a gangster Do I teach you all this ? Only we know you are not genuine Go confront them Go The police , come here quick Coming , sir Come quick Let us flee Let 's go for the take Where are you going ? Why do you guys do this ? In the name of acting you take our lives ! Make up ? The blood is thin , change it What is going on ? Nothing Why is your heart racing ? We ran , that is why Exactly , why ? What is going on around us ? Why am I kept unaware ? I know It is Kozhandaivel isn 't it ? Not him Let this go Let go ? The wedding was to be in 3 days Dad suddenly postponed it Look Even the saree is ready I can 't wait Do you want to marry today ? Really ? I swear Don 't trust me ? Go to a temple nearby I 'm still in the vehicle Keep your eyes on the road Go , quick Pulivetti Sithar Astrology Faster , faster Drive He 's gone " Love takes us through all times " " I live only to be with you ! " Please , forget me I can be without you But you cannot Get lost " Love takes us through all times " " I live only to be with you ! " " Love takes us through all times " " I live only to be with you ! " You cannot return Let us kill him No , nothing will change I 'm not concerned about me I want my Anu You can 't be here for her But she will live Let us go No What do I tell mom ? Take care of everything You watch him Where are you guys ? Get to the factory Who are you ? Fooling me with the machine ? Puli ? You are alright ? It exploded We might have returned if it was there Now we cannot It 's over We cannot go back If I stop the accident The meeting is avoided And the machine is mine Let us go Go where ? The machine is gone Just come Why have you got me to a bar now ? Look We got the machine tonight Remember ? Yes This is when the accident happened Looks like we will have to spend this Lover 's day alone ! All this trouble from the machine We need to stop it We must not get it I don 't need Anu You are enough Where do we go ? Anywhere Let us go Careful Hey ! My bike ! What happens if we don 't get the machine ? We made money out of it And it cost us We are stuck here Honestly I decided to get a job How do we get back without the machine ? We won 't be here without it These 2 months will change We will be in the present What would it be like without the machine ? No idea I 'll call Anu and tell her He is the person we needed Stop , stop it Get him What did I do ? I 'm innocent Anu I will work , like you said Get lost Are you nuts ? Get lost What is happening ? If we alter an event Our current life can change The changes can be good Or unexpectedly bad Only past memories remain All new changes you won 't remember What would it be like without the machine ? No idea Are you not getting ready ? What ? Let us leave What happened ? I 'll always be with you You will be fine What happened ? Anu Since that night What has happened ? Which night ? The conference room insult That night Don 't you know ? I need to get ready Tell me I don 't remember anything Don 't fool around I swear I don 't remember Meaning ? You forgot ? Did you hit your head ? No , tell me No You are kidding I 'm serious , tell me You called that night I will work , like you said And ? You got a job The GM was impressed with your ideas You did your own projects My idea ? You met my dad He liked you He accepted our wedding After engagement We fixed marriage And here we are You chose this saree So , there were no problems ? No What are you doing here dressed like this ? It 's getting late , quick Mom Congratulations Bachelor 's night was epic It was unexpected Who is this ? Your GM What happened ? Don 't ask ! He completely forgot what happened over the past two months Two months ? If it is about a day then something can be done ! Two months ? Its very critical Same thing happened to my friend Get married You 'll be fine - Hey ! - Hey ! Lot of things have happened ! Only good has happened to us Its my marriage today ! - I can 't believe - What do you mean ? I already got married it seems You see her fidgeting with the phone ? She is my wife it seems The guy next to him is my father in law Wow ! Fantastic All our problems are solved ! Thank you dad Bye ! Get in ! Its a BMW Get in ! Look there It would have been nice if the machine was with us No For our lives to be good , there is no need for any miracles If we take the correct decisions , we can be happy We are happy now , aren 't we ? What machine ? Its a big story I 'll tell you Look there It 's Partha Parthasarathy bye ! He doesn 't recognise us Who is that ? I 'll tell you We didn 't take the machine that day - What would 've happened now ? - It would 've gone back from where it came 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... Congrats ! Thank you professor
