 Americans . When the day of judgment comes , where do they seek refuge ? A shopping mall . Macdowell reckons ‭ there are 10,000 in the area . He says 5 % of ' em may be immunes like us . 15 million American immunes , just waiting to join the cause . Yeah , and how many of them are gonna go for your " We are the chosen " act ? It ain 't no act . Ned . It ain 't no act . Fine . Good , look , Sean , the labs are gone . The boys took care of the ones in Lisbon and Istanbul . The only cure that 's left is sitting on that navy ship . It 's them ‭ we should be going after now . Achilles ain 't no use to us until we repair the sound matting we scraped off in the canyons . Once we 're good and quiet again , Ian will get her moving and restart ‭ the hunt for the destroyer . And I say we join him and the rest of our crew instead of mucking around in this bloody swamp . Come on . Let 's kill those navy bastards and then bugger off back to England . Have you heard a bloody word I 've been saying ? Ned , I have a plan . It 's a shit plan . - Ned . - ‭ Running from town to town , waiting for people to get the virus , and then picking through survivors looking for punters like us . - Ned . - ‭ I hate this place . The heat . We should be home living the life . And what 's he still doing here ? If it weren 't for Niels , we wouldn 't have found that doctor down the coast and their labs . Yeah , all right . Thank you very much ! We don 't need him hanging around now creeping people out . He 's like the Grim Reaper . That 's all part of the plan . Niels ' special talent 's the thing we 've been looking for . That reaper 's gonna help us find more immunes just by breathing on them . My lab is low on just about everything . Once I have depleted the cell cultures on hand , we won 't be able to manufacture the vaccine on the ship . Anything on that sub ? No . For all we know , they 're halfway back to England by now . Keep widening the search area . Farthest on circle from point last seen - - 24-hour range . Sir , if I may , to continue the search , we 're gonna burn through all of our fuel . We 'll top it off in Norfolk or Mayport . There 's a naval weapons station in Charleston . Wait - - excuse me for interrupting , but it seems to me that the longer ‭ we seek out this submarine , the further it takes us off our mission . We need to rebuild the labs or find one with ‭ enough stock of cell culture . Where would you suggest we go ? Which lab ? Go on . Pick one . Phoenix - - destroyed , no survivors . Salt Lake - - destroyed , no survivors . Madison , Topeka - - gone . Baltimore . Baltimore , which I so cleverly added to the secret lab network - - gone . Florida . Everything we worked for ! Captain , do you not think I 'm aware of this ? I have spent the last 20 hours trying to figure out why this could have happened , how this could have happened . But we need to stay on course or millions more are going to die . That sub is the mission now . We 'll find the people who did this , and we 'll make ' em pay . T.A.O. , sonar , nothing on subsurface . Roger that . I can 't take this anymore . Stop . - No , you got to listen . - Stop . - You got to listen . - No , stop . Stop , I can 't . Sir , so the first mate says to the judge , " I 'll have you know , a sailor I am not . " Anything on that destroyer ? - No , mate . - ‭ Come on . Quiet as a church mouse . Just ' cause the boss is off ship ain 't no excuse to lollygag . - Keep looking . - All right . - Ned wants results . - Yeah , all right . Don 't " all right " me . I 'm a goddamned ‭ warrant officer , class 2 . Aye , sir . With his knickers in a twist . Shut it ! It must have transmitted to the satellite right before the attack . Have you watched it ? Only long enough to know that it was for you , ma 'am . But even from what I saw ... It wasn 't easy to watch . Rachel , oh , God , I pray this gets to you . Listen , we 're - - we 're under attack , Rachel , But it 's important - - it 's important that you learn this . I 've been working with the data you sent me about the cure . And I think I found a way to help . Using what I learned about the measles project - - Now , I know you think that 's crazy , but it works . I 'm sending you the data now . It 's here . Look , I don 't - - Oh , God . Listen , Rachel . It 's all worked out . All you have to do is - - I just somehow pray that this file gets to you , that you get it off the server , Rachel . Okay . Got to know that ... Rachel . Come on , now . Take it all . We need to find that server . Okay , doc . - No . - ‭ Stand up . Please . Please . Well , that 's how they were able to get the locations of all the labs . Stole them from Dr. Hunter . He was working on an experiment to turn my liquid ‭ injectable version of the cure into a powder so it could be released over populated areas via helicopters , planes , drones , even . I could manufacture ‭ a highly concentrated powder right here on the ship . We wouldn 't even need labs anymore . So people could breathe in the cure . It would be very much like crop-dusting . Mass inoculations ‭ without glassware , needles , all the infrastructure that we no longer have . Do you think Hunter was actually able to do it ? I know that he had some good results aerosolizing the measles vaccine , but I won 't know until we get down to his lab in Florida . The formulas are locked away on his computers . Absolutely not . It 's a long shot , and we 've got bigger fish to fry right now . Really ? Bigger fish ? And by that , I assume you mean revenge . By that , I mean ‭ we 're not going anywhere until we take out that sub . The men who killed Hunter , their accent - - that was Irish , right ? Yes . Means the sub commander has people on the ground . Achilles was 200 miles offshore when it launched on the labs . No way they were able to slip back and forth between Florida . Dr. Hunter 's lab location was hidden on the secure server . The bastards never got the flash drive from their man . - So how 'd they find it ? - ‭ It doesn 't matter . Whoever killed your friend is long gone by now . This is a wild goose chase . If all you care about is - - Have you forgotten what we 're all doing here ? Find the cure , save the world . Remember ? Clear . There 's a tac headed to the east wing . Nathan James , Saberhawk One leaving the landing zone . Vulture team in place . Roger , Saberhawk One . Clear . Clear . More dead doctors in the east wing . Nathan James , Vulture team . We got what we expected . Roger , Vulture Team . He was a giant . The smartest man I knew . Ma 'am , they shot up the doctor 's office pretty good . Bashed the computers to bits . I 'm so sorry . I found these cultures . So at least we can continue making the cure for now . See if there 's anything in that box to help . Did you find anything that links to the sub ? Aside from how good these guys are at killing ? No , sir . Sir , they came in quiet . Cut the lock at the north gate . But they left in a hurry and drove right over the flattened fence . There are muddy tracks to follow . Sir , ‭ may I speak freely ? Always . Let 's go . Sir , we 'll take Dr. Scott back to Nathan James so she can finish her important work . Come with us . Whoever did this may have already swept through Europe , and we cannot allow them to get a foothold here in America , and we can 't keep looking over our shoulder for that sub . We find them , we make it safe for Dr. Scott to finish her work . This is all the same mission now . Fair enough . But I can see it in your eyes , sir - - your desire for vengeance . So I 'm asking , as a man who is never more than 509 feet from his captain , don 't let this sub become your white whale . Miller ! Cruz ! Aye , sir . Go with the master chief , get Dr. Scott back to the ship . The rest of you with me . Chief Taylor , find us a vehicle . We need to follow those tracks . Yes , sir . Let 's go . When you find the people who did this , captain kill them . Captain , take a look . One trail ends , the other begins . Let 's see if these boats can take us where we need to go . Nathan James , Vulture Team . Over . Read you loud and clear , Vulture Team . Over . We 're approximately 29.23 North , 81.55 West . Requesting U.A.V. fly over our whiskey with flir package . I want a full sweep , 50-nautical-mile radius . These guys are hiding in the swamps . I need you to find them . Over . Roger , Vulture Team . All right ? No . - Well ? - I love this town . Everything you hear about southern hospitality , it 's true . I met some very kind people . Uh , they gave me sweet tea . I had this little chat with the local sheriff . He says to me , he goes , " We 're all in this together . " It 's funny , no ? Yeah , I 'll bet . How long till they 're all dead ? Well , I 'm still quite contagious , so , you know , won 't be long now . Out of the ashes , a few will rise . Our army will grow . Brilliant . Brilliant . You see , Ned ? Do you understand what we have here in Niels ? Oh , Ned . I passed a department store , and I was thinking that , like , maybe you ‭ and some of your friends could get some fresh clothes , improve the smell ‭ on the submarine , maybe ? Do you know what I think , Sean ? ! I think this is a dodge ! I think it 's an excuse to duck out of ‭ your responsibilities at home ! You 're afraid ! You are afraid to lead ! You are afraid of that destroyer ! And that 's why we 're stuck on this bleeding rock ! Say that again , bruv . Tell me I 'm afraid . I am culling the herd , Ned . And the pure ‭ will have a chance to join us . Those who refuse my beneficence will die along with the crew of that navy ship . Now , ‭ you have a choice to make . Do you want to help me ? Or do you want to join our beloved mother in the grave ? Now you 've come to mention it ... do you think beyoncé 's immune ? I mean , it 's possible . 5 % and all that . I think she 'd look rather good on my arm . Don 't you think ? The nearest big city is St. Augustine , But they 're dark . If it were me , I 'd head inland . Yeah , but north or south ? That 's the question . Sir , U.A.V. at 5,000 feet , 30 miles north of vulture team . Nothing for miles . In th- - in those swamps , You 'd think we 'd get a heat signature off an alligator or something . Nah , gators are cold-blooded . In Florida heat , they 'd look about as warm as the ground around ' em . Right . Sorry , sir . We don 't have too many gators where I 'm from . Yeah , well , my son taught me that . He hated school , but he knew everything about animals and dinosaurs . Got something , sir . Pretty high . Could be generators , people , maybe a large campground . Nothing else for miles . Vulture team , we have a target . U.A.V. ' s picking up a large heat signature About 23 miles north of your whiskey . 30.136 North , 81.678 West . These are our guys . It 's got to be . Only people within this boat 's range . Nathan james , vulture team . We 're en route . Will advise . - Roger that . - Let 's move out ! I need to turn our liquid vaccine into an aerosol form . And to do so , I need the proper chemical base to cut with our vaccine to create a stable and dry formulation . Something that won 't degrade its potency . Powder base brings with it all kinds of complications . Which is why no one 's been able to do it . It 's utterly organic , completely simple . Missing just enough pieces to drive us crazy solving it . It 's the same shape as cyclohexane , A dry-cleaning solvent . It 's way too toxic . I have to ask . Is it - - is it possible that Dr. Hunter never solved it himself ? No . He solved it . He gave his life to tell me . Green , Taylor , Tex , take the southern flank . Lieutenant Burk , Lieutenant Bivas , You 're coming with me - - we 'll circle around from the north . - Aye , sir . - Let 's move . Some kind of safe zone , captain . Si , si . Ho capito . Si . Dove sei ora ? Sei vicino .. It 's not just a safe zone . There 's at least a few mercs from the solace here . And they 're talking to the sub right now . I say again , they are communicating with the sub . Roger , vulture team . They 're talking to the sub . That means they 're ‭ at radio depth . Find them . Aye , sir . Searching . Can you make out what they 're saying ? Definitely radio communication , sir , but it 's encrypted . Okay , you know the drill . Yes , sir . ‭ Starting decryption now . I see three mercs on the inside , another two behind the shed . - We can take them . - No , we wait . Let 's see where they lead us . Uh , ma 'am , I thought you might be hungry . How very thoughtful of you . Chicken and mushroom in a roux sauce - - - My specialty . ‭ - Is that right ? It 's good enough for the president of the United States , so ... You prepared food for the President ? At Camp David . It was his favorite dish , or so I 'm told . - You 're having me on . - ‭ No . No , ma 'am . Only the best navy cooks get to cook ‭ for the Commander in Chief . Why in heaven would you leave that job ? You got to go to sea if you want to make rank . You know , it 's an art preparing the perfect roux , Especially seeing how hard it is to get fresh ingredients these days . You see , the real secret is sifting the flour just right . Too heavy , and the minute it hits that butter , you got yourself a fritter . But you do it right , Man , you got yourself a nice , rich sauce . Not too soupy , not too thick . Oh , my God . It 's completely delicious . Oh , ma 'am , you haven 't even tried it . I need a food base . If I can isolate it and have it adhere to the vaccine and form the micro powder ... Thank you , Bacon . Thank you ! So , you ain 't even gonna taste it ? Kick it ! Oh , come on ! - Oh ! Great save ! - ‭ Yeah ! Yeah , he scores ! Give me something , brother . That was fun , guys . Thanks . Hey , thanks for the stuff . Appreciate it . Thanks very much . Appreciate it . That 's fun , thanks . Hey , doll , how you doing ? Hey , man . They are a friendly group . Handing out clothes , food , blankets . It 's an apocalyptic love-in . All that 's missing ‭ is music and some wacky weed . - Americans ? - ‭ Every one of ' em . No sign of no foreign fighters . Where 'd you find that ? Commandeered by order of the navy . Couple of late arrivals from out of town . No one will miss them , sir . Captain , it 's looking like a company move . They 're loading up the trucks and heading out over there . Same here . Buses arriving . They 're frisking people . Now we got a ride . Let 's follow . Even in civilian clothes , we 're gonna stand out . We need to split up . Green , Taylor , Tex , take the truck and our gear . Follow the convoy . Ravit , Burk , come with me . We 're taking the last bus out of here . Nathan James , we 're going radio silent . Negative , vulture team . Do not go dark . Keep contact through Green and Taylor . I say again , do not go dark . We got a lead , X.O. - Need to follow it . - I say - - Chief Taylor , you 're now our rally point and our way out of whatever trouble we get into . Aye , sir . I 've got your back . Sir ? Ditching our gear and our weapons - - you sure about this ? Roger that . Take off your clothes . ‭ Everybody I knew is dead . My husband , my children - - four girls . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . I 'm sure you 've got your stories . I lost my wife . And then you found us . I-in my case , they found me . I was just out wandering , no place to call home . I didn 't even know there was others like us . How many are there like us ? Sean says there are millions . Sean ? Have you heard him speak ? You seen the videos ? Oh , you have to . And , I mean , don 't you let that fancy accent of his fool you . I mean , he 's European and all , but he 's just like us . I 'd like to meet him . Well , it 's your lucky day , 'Cause that 's where we 're headed . I need to separate the myoinositol . Are you sure you have the correct stereoisomer ? I suggest we try a corn base . Because of the phytic acid ? Myo is ‭ geometrically more stable , but chelation of the phytic acid could prevent mineral absorption into the vaccine structure . Worth a shot . Bacon ? I 'm - - I 'm sorry , ma 'am . I-I 'm afraid you lost me . At what point , exactly , did I lose you ? About two hours ago . Well , let 's start with the flour , shall we ? We 're headed north . I have a visual of the bus convoy . I believe Charlie Oscar 's in the last bus . Roger , Cobra Team . Sir , the sub is transmitting . They 're communicating with someone on land . Still cannot ‭ break the encryption , sir , but I have a good read on the signal bearing . How accurate ? The sub appears to be holding still at radio depth . They 're not moving , sir . Mason , can you calculate a range ? Yes , sir , this broadcast has a different ‭ point of origin on land . It 's further north . We 're triangulating approximate location for the sub . 90 nautical miles . Can 't get much closer at quiet one without tipping our hand . Nothing on passive sonar ? Nothing , sir . She 's quiet even at 30 knots , pretty much silent when she 's not moving . Calculate a position on our target . I hold the sub at this location . Nathan James is here , making 5 knots . We have a vector plot . At this range , here 's our dog box . T.A.O. , hostile sub designate as Goblin 1 . Yeah , yeah . I 'm here , I 'm here , I 'm here . How is it ? Yeah , no , no , no , no . Forget about that . Have you found the American ship ? Not yet , but we 're heading back towards you . Your brother said - - I don 't care what my brother said , all right ? We are gonna sink those bastards . Oi , yes , sir . Now , here 's what I want you to do , okay ? X.O. , F.I.S. is green . Hold active sonar until we have a solid track on the sub . Does the dog box ‭ cover the sub 's location ? Plenty big , ma 'am - - as long as the sub is in that box , the asroc torpedo will find it . Okay , we only get one shot at this . Once we go active , they 'll know where we are , then they fire back . T.A.O. , permission to shine lance searcher . Shine lance searcher . Shining lance searcher . Sonar , T.A.O. , ‭ do you have an active contact ? I don 't understand . All stations , sonar . Sonar holds no active contact . - It 's not a sub . - What is it ? The sonar signature shows nothing in the water . Whatever is transmitting from that spot is on the surface . It could be a radio relay , a buoy . That would explain why it 's not moving . And that 's how the sub is communicating with their people on land . Sub 's using it to mask its location . We have a solid radar track on the floating relay , sir . Okay . Very well . If we can 't use it to find them , we can 't decrypt what they 're saying , let 's not let ' em talk at all . Ready an sm-2 . MSS . T.A.O. , ‭ kill track 5025 with birds . MSS , aye . Kill track 5025 with bird . Fire . Bird is away . Hello , Ned ? Are you there , mate ? Ned ? Direct hit , ma 'am . Radio signal 's dead , sir . Hello ? Ian ! Is there anybody there ? ! Shit ! Looks like they 're taking us to the service entrance . Taylor , Cobra . We 're splitting . Buses are headed to the main building . Find us a rally point . Roger . Here we go . Hey , master chief , any word ? Three teams on an undercover mission , wandering the swamps of central Florida led by my commanding officer , alone and unafraid . Ma 'am , I love the navy , but I don 't know ‭ if I 'll ever get used to this . I just pray they come back safe , and we get this vendetta behind us . They 'll make it back . They always do . Find anything useful in Dr. Hunter 's lab ? Actually - - What 's that ? Cornstarch from the chief 's mess . It turns out the secret ingredient that I 've been looking for was being used to make pancakes . So you found it ? Well , I have the recipe , and now all I need is to build a machine ‭ to manufacture the micro powder , so I was hoping that you might be able to lend me one or two ‭ of your capable machinists ? I think that can be arranged . Hold up . Here we go . Howdy ! Howdy ? What ? I 'm from Connecticut . Whereabouts you boys come from ? Pompano Beach , baby . Fancy pants ! ‭ Well , come on . We got shit to do . Pull up around back . Pompano Beach ? Nice pull . Well , I knew a gal had a houseboat on the intercoastal back in the late ' 90s . It was a hell of a winter . Welcome to Seaport Marina , everyone . We got coffee , baked bread . Please , come on in . Got fresh , cool water inside , plenty to eat . No sign of Danny or Tex . Armed guards every 100 yards . Barbed wire fences , roving sentries . It 's like a fortress . Or a prison . Now , I 'm sure there are those among you who say , " Why fight ? Why judge those who are not blessed with our purity of blood ? " Well , I assure you , brothers and sisters , that we are not the ones who brought this fight . - Yeah ! ‭ - Right . ‭ Our bodies are immune to the virus , but not to bigotry ! Not to hatred ! You 've all heard stories of immunes dragged from their homes ... That voice . ... by their own neighbors . I recognize it . We have the responsibility to protect ourselves ... Video from Dr. Hunter 's lab . ... to band together ! These are the guys . For it is a fight , us against them ! Got themselves a cult ... with an army behind them . To fight for our immunity and what we 're trying to build here . Can you do that for me ? Can you do that ? Can you be a warrior for the cause ? Cobra team , what is your whiskey ? This is Cobra team . Tiger team is out of sight behind the building complex . Radio silent for 30 minutes . Vulture team is in the complex . Gonna try ‭ to pass word to Tiger team . But Vulture has no comms . Over . Roger that . ‭ Make contact with Tiger team . - Get me an exfil plan now . - ‭ Roger . I 'm looking for a rally point . We 'll radio coordinates . Over . Any contact on the sonar ? No , sir , ‭ but it won 't take them long to figure out ‭ who blew up that radio relay . Friends , fellow immunes , my heart fills with joy to see you all here . What a crowd ! We love you , Sean ! We love you , man ! And I love you , too . Yes , I-I truly - - I love all of you . And what a crowd . And more of you , more of us arriving every hour . We expect a thousand by week 's end . That 's right . We 're gonna need a bigger ballroom . With the 700 in St. Augustine , the 1,200 in Gainesville , and the nearly 6,000 - - that 's right , 6,000 - - across the state in Clearwater , our ranks are growing , and we are spreading our message across this great nation ! And it all starts here with all of you - - my beloved immunes . At the safe zone in the mall , I found 320 immune to my disease . - That 's bloody good , yeah ? - There are still many challenges before us ... Creepy git . ... my brothers and sisters . There are many who have not yet heard our message . That will change , my friends , because soon , we are going to New Orleans to join other immunes So we can get our story spread out across the country . But despite our many , many successes so far , I still can 't help feel that I have failed you . I come here as your humble messenger , spreading the gospel of the immunes . But if America is to rise again , it needs a true leader . - Sean , we have you ! - ‭ Lead us , Sean ! No , no , no , no , not - - not me . Not me . I - - I come from a different land . American immunes need an American leader , someone who has our blood , but your American spirit . Let 's have a look at this . With Florida reporting the first cases of the mysterious virus that 's sweeping Europe , Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Jeffrey Michener landed in Tallahassee this morning as head of the U.S. response team . The information we have right now , we seem to have contained the virus . ‭ How did the virus get here ? As I said , we don 't know how the virus landed on our shores , but we 're doing everything we can to meet the challenge head-on . My office is doing everything we can to make sure that people are safe . Secretary Michener shares our special gift . It 's the reason he 's alive and here with us today while the rest of the U.S. Government perished from this earth . Now , I have some news for you . According to the U.S. Constitution , As Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Jeffrey Michener is number 12 in the order of presidential succession . With the others all gone , well , Jeffrey Michener is your president . You heard me right , and when we get to New Orleans , we will install him in his rightful office , where he can create a cabinet , take control of the military , and show the world that America is back ! America has a new president ! And he is one of us ! Sean , what the hell are you talking about ? You didn 't say anything about this . I told you , brother . I have a plan .
