 ( irisa ) previously on defiance ... You had him , Rahm tak , the leader of the votanis collective . And if you hadn 't have choked , He 'd be a cooling corpse right now And defiance would be a whole lot safer . We 're at war , kiddo , and you 've become an unreliable partner . Rahm tak is ready to make his move . I saw him buy a truckload of weapons from an arms dealer . The weapons had the von bach industries logo on them . When alak was describing the arms dealer , You had a reaction . Alak is clearly describing my ex-boyfriend conrad von bach . My mom and dad , they 're working as spies for the v.C. [ grunting ] Go ! Go ! Datak spotted us . He 's gonna run . Grab him now . [ datak speaking native language ] I think one of us is going to die . [ grunting ] I 've been stabbed . I need your help . I am at a loss for words . I know how much you and your wife hate me . Believe me , the feeling 's more than mutual . But despite it all , I really did think you loved our town . Maybe even as much as i do . I truly believed that , when faced with a common enemy , An enemy that wants to destroy our town And everything it stands for , That you would stand with us . I would never say you are a good man , But siding with a mass murderer ? I thought you were better than that . It is with a heavy heart that i vote to convict . [ marble clinks in cup ] [ clink ] [ clink ] [ clink ] [ clink ] [ clink ] [ clink ] [ whistles ] [ clink ] Datak tarr , this panel has found you guilty of high treason , Which carries a sentence of death by hanging . If you wish , you may now make a brief statement . Did my wife do that to your face ? It 's a good look for you . [ scoffs ] [ rock music ] ¶ ¶ Nice town , benedict . Think i should buy it ? I think you should buy an airplane . You 're a hopeless romantic . Watch the truck . Okay . Thanks , augusta . No , these aren 't really me either , are they ? Um , how about the blue frames ? What 's with the sign ? My husband and i are moving west . It 's not safe in defiance . Not safe ? They say soldiers are coming to kill humans . Most of my friends have left town already . Well , you 're smart to get out . I 'm heading west myself after i conclude a bit of business . If you 're ever in angelarc , look me up . - You 're a von bach ? - Yeah . Really ? It 's been a long time , conrad . Jess . Been a while . You look good . I have two questions for you . One , did you sell weapons to the votanis collective ? Guilty as charged . But you understand , this is- - Oh . You had another question ? Did you bring weapons for us ? You never were much into foreplay . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ Snapdragon bolt-rifles , cold-fire hand cannons ... Particle overmag . Beautiful weapon . I 'll say . See ? It 's what von bach industries are all about . Providing quality weapons for people to defend themselves . And here i thought you were a family Of ruthless war profiteers who cared about nothing But the bottom line . The butcher of yosemite is calling me ruthless ? Ouch . You supplied arms to the v.C. Aw , come on . We 're businessmen . We don 't discriminate . We don 't take sides . We sell weapons to those who can afford them . Nolan . You 've put a lot of innocent lives at risk . You choose your next words carefully . Aloe vera . [ weapon whirs ] Voice-matching activation . I say when my guns work . I say when they don 't . Don 't worry , we 'll match it to your voice Once we 've settled on a price . Stop showing off . What 's the number ? Still no foreplay . I 'm telling you , jess , you 're missing out . All right , let 's do this . It 's a zero . Consider the weapons a gift . A gift . Are you joking ? Von bachs never joke when it comes to business . That 's what makes us so boring . What 's the catch ? The catch is , you buy me a drink . How 's that sound ? Do it . Drinks are on the house . Anything for the team . Goldenrod . [ weapon whirs ] They 've got about as far as they can with the shovels . We 're about to bring in the drill . Good . I suppose there 's no point in putting this off any longer . [ grunts ] This is going to hurt , bebe . Purity requires sacrifice . [ groaning ] Hey , kiddo . Nice job on those flyers . Don 't make fun of me . What ? " nice work on those flyers " ? Don 't you think i want to pick up a gun and defend the town Like everybody else ? I wasn 't making fun . Right . So i 'm just hypersensitive . Is that what you 're saying ? No ! No . Whatever . I 'll make copies . Almost done . You were in town today . Any news of my husband ? He 's been sentenced to die . When ? In three days . [ sighs ] I 'm sure you 'd like some time alone with your thoughts . You can rest in my quarters while i 'm in the mines . I 've caused so much trouble , Yet you show me nothing but kindness . Wake me when you return . [ speaking native language ] [ speaking omec ] Forgive my daughter . She 's prone to tantrums . There is nothing to forgive . Speak english . You need the practice . This town will turn on us If they learn you 're protecting a spy . I have no intent in telling them . Do you ? ( berlin ) so how 's your nose ? It hurts . Thank you for the guns . You 're welcome for the guns . How much trouble are you in ? Oh , well , very soon i expect to make the transition From black sheep of the family To disinherited dead black sheep of the family . So why did you do it ? Well , it was the only gesture i could think of Big enough to impress you . No , no , no . Connie , you and me are ancient history . - You and i . - Don 't correct my grammar . You know i hate that . Yeah , i know . I know . So did i ? - Did you what ? - Impress you . I 've missed you . You say that , but i 'm not sure you do . I came home from the tour , And our redwood apartment was empty . Furniture gone . You took the dog . And your mother 's lawyer was there With a briefcase full of scrip . Told me that you had reconsidered the wisdom Of our relationship . What ? I never said that . Come on . I never said that . I was under the impression that you dumped me . What ? Yeah . Mother told me she offered you cash To break off the engagement And you accepted . She said that proved you were only after our family money . No , no , no , no , no . What really happened was , i shot a hole in the briefcase , And then i shot your mother 's lawyer in the foot . - Is that the truth ? - Yeah . It felt great . Well , looks like mother outsmarted us both . No one ever called her stupid . I 'm so sorry . I- - I just wish--i wish you 'd come- - told me the truth . Pretty sure you have that backwards . [ sighs ] So you 're happy here in defiance ? When the e-rep was here , i felt safe . And there was this guy tommy , And he was gentle and kind And had a great ass . Okay , so now i 'm jealous . Don 't be . He 's dead . You want to go upstairs ? Yeah , i do . [ grunting ] [ grunts ] - You 're late . - Long night . I bet . Well , decent turn-out . It 'll do , for a start . Okay , recruits ! Fall in . [ sighs ] here you go . No , thanks . I brought my own . Come on , that 's an antique . Weather vane . [ gunshots ] She gets the job done . I guess so . What 's your name ? Ranikar , but you can call me zero . All right , zero , you can shoot . Who taught you ? My dad . I built him that gun myself from scrap parts and old metal . Took me three months to get the scope right . I 'm indur , by the way . Good to have you here . Thank you . So this is it ? This is all you got ? We 're in the process of building . Bebe ! [ speaking native language ] - Pick those legs up . - Four ! - Let 's go . That 's better . - Five ! - All right , good . - Six ! - Seven ! - Let 's go , people . - Eight ! - What are you doing ? - Where 's your daughter ? - Nine ! - What ? - I asked you a question . - Where 's your daughter ? - Ten ! I don 't have time for your questions . I 'm trying to get people ready for battle . Don 't waste my time ! I am going to keep wasting your time Until you give me a straight answer . [ speaking native language ] Most of these kids have read The amazing goddess of the badlands . And they want to know where she is . Why isn 't the amazing goddess fighting by their side ? My daughter 's been through a lot recently . Right now she 's not capable of picking up a weapon . But my child is ? And you should know we 're not the only recruits Asking these questions . Many among us think the votanis collective Is a human problem . Really ? Really , a human problem ? And they believe that rahm tak Would treat the votans with kindness if he took defiance . That 's a fantasy . That 's what some believe . Do you believe that ? Do you believe that ? I believe that if your family isn 't going To fight for defiance , then neither is mine . Sorry . He 's my dad . Anyone else ? Keep them moving . Let 's go . Okay , and ... 16 , 17 , 18 ! Thank you for coming . What happened to you ? Spent the day in basic training . Nolan 's whipping us into shape to face your good pal rahm tak . Rahm 's no friend of mine . Any word of your mother ? They haven 't caught her yet . They never will . She 's too smart . Where 's my grandson ? Home . Ignoring a condemned man 's wishes , It 's kind of petty , don 't you think ? You helped rahm tak , And now that psychopath is coming for us , And if we can 't fight him off , Well , then my half-human child Is going to be brutally murdered . So , no , dad , luke will not be visiting you ever . I had no choice . There 's always a choice . Look , the minute you got home , You and mom should have warned nolan and amanda . You were rahm 's hostage . He would have killed you . I escaped . Well , how was i supposed to know that would happen ? You know , even if rahm tak had killed me , so what ? I would have died protecting my child and my home . I 'd be with christie now . My death would have meaning . You--you should have told the truth . You and mom should have helped . Don 't leave . Please , wait . I 've failed you , alak . I 've failed our family . If i could change my actions , if i could murder rahm tak And raise the arch , i would do so . If killing myself and your mother Would bring back christie , i would cut both our throats . But my time is done here . I 'm out of choices . So i must ask A fairazugo . You know , it 's not really the best time . Please , hear me out . I want you to go to amanda . Tell her that i cannot face human justice . I want to die properly . At the hands of our own people . On a shaming rack . Just so that i 'm clear , Rather than a quick death by hanging , You 're asking to be tortured to death by weights Slowly pulling your arms and legs from their sockets . This is what you 're asking ? It 's the only way to remove the stain from my immortal soul . Alak . I 'll see what i can do . [ door opens and closes ] No , no way , nolan . I won 't do it . You think i want to be asking you to do this ? I know you don 't want to fight . Then stop trying to make me . You don 't join the militia , i can 't defend the town . They 're going to come in here , they 're going to drag Every human being they can find into darby square , Line them up , and shoot them in the head ten at a time . This is how we stop them . Why ? Huh ? Why does everyone hurt each other ? Why is our world like this ? I don 't know , kid . This is how it is . You ever get scared ? All the time . Are you scared now ? Yeah . And tired . [ chuckles ] I love you . - [ snarls ] - [ gasps ] You 're dirty . You need to be cleaned . Actually , i bathed fairly recent- - - I insist . - [ screams ] You 're very pretty . Soft . [ sniffs ] You smell nice . I see why my father enjoys you . You flatter me . Omec beauty is the standard by which the rest of us are judged . For my people , a castithan slave was a mark of status . The finest sparked bitter competitions To see who could spoil them with expensive gifts And fine perfumes . But when the enchanted castithan was used up , They 'd be put down in the pens- - Force-fed , oiled Until it was fit to be consumed . You know , my father tires of his concubines faster than most . I 've been told that when he 's done with one , He 'd give it to his children as a living toy . It is a great honor to devour your father 's whore . You know , i think i 'm clean now . [ breathing heavily ] You 're more trouble than you 're worth . [ panting ] [ gasps ] Please . I will leave here . Just tell me what you want . [ snarls ] [ gasps ] I want you To die Frightened . [ whimpers ] [ both growling ] [ chokes ] I carefully consider the commands i give you , kindzi . I expect you to obey them precisely . Now in a moment , i 'm going to relieve The pressure from your throat , And you will apologize to stahma . [ gasping ] I apologize ... Stahma . Think nothing of it . [ tv chatter ] Conrad ? [ film reel clicking ] What you 've done to it . All that heaven allows . I remembered how much you loved douglas sirk . I don 't know what to say . Well , how about saying , " wow , conrad , that was incredibly thoughtful , And i wish our time together would never end " ? All good things must . They don 't have to . Not this time . Jess , i 'm leaving tomorrow . It 's a big truck . Plenty of room for an extra passenger . What , are you just going to take me away from all of this ? You know , when i agreed to come here , I didn 't know what to expect . Packed up the film , The guns , Hoped for the best . And ? The best was here . I can 't go away with you . [ sighs ] Defiance is my home , And i need to be here to defend it . Defiance isn 't your home . You were deployed here by the earth republic . Well , guess what . E-rep is dead . Your boyfriend tommy is dead . I 'm alive , And i 'm here . And i want a future with the girl i never stopped loving . Let 's just watch the movie . ( cary on tv ) i just hadn 't thought about marriage . ( ron on tv ) why do you think i 've been seeing you ? Alak tells me you 've asked to die on the shaming rack . What 's your angle ? I have quite possibly delivered this town Into the hands of a madman . I 've destroyed my family . I 've put the lives of everyone i love at risk . For a castithan , atonement can only be achieved By what you humans would call " rough justice . " I could explain this in greater detail , but what 's the point ? My reasons don 't matter . I suggest you ask yourself if you 'd prefer my death Be quick and clean Or a slow , agonizing public spectacle ? Hmm . Your request is granted . Hey . What 's up ? I wanted to talk to you . By all means . I want details . What 's going on with von bach , huh ? You 've been seeing a lot of him . I know . Crazy , right ? All these years hating the guy , i forgot how much i liked him . Well , i really like his guns . So i guess everyone 's happy . [ sighs ] What 's wrong ? Conrad asked me to go away with him . What do you mean ? Leave defiance ? For good ? [ sighs ] Conrad von bach broke your heart . Actually , it was his family that was more of the issue . All right , now you 're just making excuses . I mean , come on , jess , you can 't seriously be considering this . He loves me . Oh , please . What--and do you love him ? I don 't know . Maybe . Okay , well , if he truly loves you , he 'll wait for you . We 're in the middle of a crisis at the moment . We 're leaving tomorrow . Plans change . - Talk to him . - Amanda . - I 'll go with you . - Please . We 'll figure this out together . I don 't want to figure it out . Then what do you want ? Your support . [ sighs ] What 's the big rush ? I 'm scared . Join the club . You know what my childhood was like . After the raiders killed my family , i was alone , and then ... Are we trading childhood sob stories here ? When they would turn their backs around , i would just steal their food . Because if that 's what we 're doing , i will win . Will you stop ? Will you just listen to me ? I was afraid all the time . I was scared of getting caught . I was scared of dying . I was scared of not dying . And then when i was 16 , i joined the earth republic , And then suddenly , there was food and clothes And people who kept track of me , and they were my family . Then it was all taken away , And now i am just that scared , lonely kid all over again . Look , you still have family , all right ? I 'm your family , and you cannot turn your back on me . Not now , not when i 'm trying to hold all of this together . For me , family has to be more than good intentions . And i don 't think that you can protect us from what 's coming . Not me , not yourself , and not this town . I 'm so sorry . [ scoffs ] You 're a coward . ¶ ¶ [ door creaks open ] I 'm not sure if amanda told you- - She told me . Defiance thanks you for your service . It wasn 't an easy choice , nolan . You know how much defiance means to me , And if i had any other option- - Like i said , Defiance thanks you for your service . Reporting for duty . Good to have you on board , soldier . Hey , look , the amazing goddess . Thank you . Okay . Here you go , boys . [ gunfire ] You 're a machine . You should see me when i 'm hunting kanga-rats . So what do you think ? For the most part , it 's what we expected- - Pow farmers and shopkeepers , Inexperienced but doing their best . There is some real talent here , indur 's kid . He may be inexperienced , but he 's probably The best long-range shooter i 've ever seen . We 've got a handful of professional soldiers Like myself . Throw in irisa , we might just have the beginnings Of a strike force . [ exhales ] [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ [ breathing heavily ] [ grunts ] ¶ ¶ [ gasping ] Irisa . Tommy , it 's me . Tommy , i 'm so sorry . [ sobs ] I 'm so sorry , tommy . I 'm so sorry . I wish i could take it all back . - Okay , okay . Come on . - I wish- - I wish i could take it back . Come on . Get her out of here . Just don 't let this fall apart . All right , people . Come on , let 's bring it in . Sorry . I 'm sorry . ( nolan ) i screwed up . I dragged my daughter down here When i knew she was in no condition to fight , Because indur made a good point . A fair point . How can we ask of you that you risk your own lives And the lives of your children defending defiance Unless we 're prepared to do the same ? Fair point . But here 's the thing , people . Throughout history , The strong have been called upon to defend the weak . I know it 's not fair . But those of you who serve , sweat , and bleed And push your bodies past their breaking point Spend endless hours in combat training For those who cannot show up themselves , Who are incapable , or who can 't be bothered Or just won 't do it . The strong defend the weak . It 's not fair , But it is right . It 's our responsibility , And it 's our privilege . Now let me make one thing clear . My daughter is not weak . She 's saved my life more times than i can count . She 's strong . She 's possibly the strongest person i know . And i believe in her . I believe that when the time comes , she will stand with us , Shoulder to shoulder defending defiance , But it will be on her terms . I have to go back . No , not today . And in the meantime , This militia , This confederacy of the strong will hold the line with pride . We will face the beast , and we will defeat him . Do we have an understanding ? - Defiance ! - Defiance ! ( all ) defiance ! ( nolan ) all right . That 's what i wanted to hear . Everybody , back to your firing lines . We got work to do . [ indistinct chatter ] Second thoughts ? Absolutely not . Come on . Ll , congratulations . You are officially healthy enough to execute . I noticed the vote to convict me was unanimous . It wouldn 't have changed the outcome , And i still have to live in this town after you 're gone . Well , i respect your pragmatism . I am going to miss you . [ solemn music ] ¶ ¶ [ exhales ] [ speaking native language ] I apologize to the people of defiance . Difayantso . Difayantso ! Defiance . ¶ ¶ [ grunting ] [ speaking native language ] [ clatter ] Hello ? Who are you people ? What are you doing down here ? Sorry , old fellow . Wrong place , wrong time . I 'm going into town for supplies . Perhaps you could go another day ? I promise you kindzi will behave . Won 't you ? Of course , father . [ door opens and closes ] I 'm not your enemy . Eat this . What , a pebble ? Eat it . I won 't . What--what is it ? Eat ... It . You can 't force me . I disagree . [ chokes ] Open . [ whimpering ] [ ominous music ] ¶ ¶
