 BIG JIM : Three weeks ago , an invisible dome crashed down on Chester 's Mill , cutting us off from the rest of the world . The dome has tested our limits , forcing each of us to confront our own personal demons ... rage ... grief ... fear . My God . ( people exclaiming ) Now , in order to survive , we must battle our most dangerous adversary ... the enemy within . I need you to do everything I ask without question . One amethyst died this morning . A second one is losing power . BIG JIM : Somebody 's infected all of Chester 's Mill . - With what ? - CHRISTINE : This fluid is finite and precious . MARSTON : Whatever the leader does , the group will follow . CHRISTINE : Sometimes it 's a relief to admit who you really are . NORRIE : Get off me ! HUNTER : I asked Norrie to come with me , and she pushed me . NORRIE : That 's not what happened . No one 's going anywhere until we talk to Christine . JULIA : You 're on your way to Bird Island , where whatever 's in you that 's making you such a monster - will be removed . - ( shouts ) Aah ! I can 't be with someone who 's not gonna talk with me . Hey , what is this ? ! Christine Price is the experiment and you , Mr. Rennie , are the control . I brought you here to show you something . You see ? Right there is where Christine Price became ... something else . And that 's Eva Sinclair , her assistant . There you have it . The dome came down and a mini-dome came down over the egg . Why are you showing me this ? On a cellular level , the person you know as Christine is not of this earth . But she is something very foreign . Well , I could have told you that without your fancy equipment . Hmm . We 've learned a lot in the past few hours , but what we still don 't know is what she is - and what she wants . - ( Christine groans ) - That 's where you come in . - ( chuckling ) : Oh , no . You 're not sticking me in a room with that thing . Mr. Rennie , we are only hours away from isolating the inhuman properties in her blood . - CHRISTINE : Aah ! - The effect that that has when injected into an uninfected host is of great interest . However , if you 're successful in getting us the information we want , you 'll be spared that future . The choice is yours . ( Christine panting ) ( groaning ) Where do you want me to start ? How about the beginning ? Christine and I work for Aktaion . We were told we could help the world . So they hired us to find fragments of meteors from a shower that hit the earth 25 years ago . When Melanie found the egg . It was in one of the meteors . I 'm sorry I lied to you . I swear I 'm the same person you fell in love with . I lived that year with you . But I was afraid that if you knew the truth you 'd want nothing to do with me . And I lived those moments , too . And you ... you , I know . But Christine ... Yesterday , every time I pressed her for the truth , she avoided that like the plague . Dale , I 've known Christine for years . I 've traveled the world with her . I trust her with my life . I 'm gonna give her one more shot , okay ? Because of you . Thank you . Let 's go find her . And after we talk , I think it 's time that you both tell everyone the truth . ( people whistling tune ) ( whistling continues ) Audrey . Uh ... what 's going on ? The beds are finished . We 're waiting for Christine to give us the go-ahead to move in . Have you seen her ? I 'll let you know if I do . ( whistling continues ) ( growls ) There you go . - ( door closes , locks ) - ( groans ) You want some water ? ( grunts softly ) You know , I find it best just to tell these bastards what they want . Drop the act . Junior told me everything . Glowing reviews , I bet . Do you even need water ? This body still needs what you do to survive . ( low growl ) Ah . Is my calm demeanor alarming to you ? Would you prefer it if I acted afraid ? Would that make you feel less alone ? ( crying ) What about sad ? It 's the easiest emotion to fake . How about honest ? Can you do that one ? Here , boy . It 's a funny thing about dogs . - They 're a real good judge of character . - ( low growl ) People will come for me . Junior will come for me . Not if there 's any of the son I know left . There isn 't . So you preyed on the weak , huh ? Junior alone is not gonna rescue you , you know . So who else you got ? Barbie ? Problem there is Julia . She 's probably telling him everything she knows about you , which is a lot . So , you see , your plan has no margin for error . And that 's a big chance to take when the fallout is your brain in a jar . I still have a human being 's body , Jim . And it 's tired . This is so messed up . We didn 't even do anything wrong . I 've never seen anything like last night . It was like they were all brainwashed or drinking the same Kool-Aid . Or ate the same food . ( sighs ) I 'm so scared . Mom . Are you okay ? I 'm better now . Please tell me we 're getting out of here . Eleanor , I need your help . There 's an X-ray machine at the clinic we 're gonna bring here to see how badly Hunter 's hurt . Okay , great . - How are we getting it here ? - It 's on wheels . Okay . I can help . I 'm glad you offered , but it 's mother-daughter time . Junior will be in with you in a minute . No , no , he 's the one that locked us up in here all night . Mom . Did you know that Joe and I were in this room all night ? The accident you caused didn 't just affect Hunter , it affected our town , our kinship . The hope is , the time you two spent in here has helped you understand just what you 've done . Let 's go , Eleanor . ( door locks ) ♪ - Oh , what 's the password ? - EVA : What do you mean , Christine 's not here yet ? She 's not in Town Hall . You saw the people gathered down there . They 're waiting for the go-ahead to move in , but she hasn 't shown up yet . I 'm worried that people will panic . People that attached to her ? She provided food and shelter . Not long ago , we were almost killing each other over those things . Do you think it could happen again ? Well , not yet , but I don 't want to take any chances . What 's this design for ? Uh ... yesterday , Christine told me about a project that she needed to get started . Well , what the hell is it ? I don 't know . She just said it was important . We should go look for her . Knowing Christine , she 's probably out surveying an area for whatever this project is . Oh , I-I talked to her yesterday , but somebody must have seen her after me . How about you handle things here ? Eva and I will ask around , see who had eyes on her last . Uh , actually , I could use Eva . I 'm gonna tell people to move in , and we 're gonna start working on solar power . More hands the better . I think that 's a good idea . I 'll help Junior and then I 'll be able to check in - on Hunter , too . - BARBIE : I hope he 's doing better . All right , I 'll bring Christine back here when I find her . How 's it coming along with Barbie ? Well . He took Pete out last night , so that won 't be a problem anymore . But he still doesn 't trust Christine . This town 's come so far . Most have completed their journey . Others , like Barbie , are so close . What about Joe and Norrie ? JUNIOR : They keep resisting , but I 'm working on that . What is it ? If the X-ray comes back showing that Hunter 's injuries are permanent , what do we do ? If he 's no longer of use , then we have to put him down . Mm-hmm . - Roger , hey . How are you ? - Hey , man . You wouldn 't have happened to have seen Christine today , - would you ? - No , the last time I saw her was yesterday just before dinner . She got on a boat with a couple of guys . You didn 't see which way they were headed , did you ? It 's hard to tell exactly . The only thing out there is Bird Island . - Thank you . - Mm-hmm . Tick ... tock . Tick ... tock . Are you sure the cavalry 's coming for you ? With that kind of attitude , once I get out of here , I 'm of the mind to leave you caged and take your little friend . Here , puppy . - Here . - You underestimate me . I think you could benefit from seeing the world my way . Oh , I 'm sure that 's what you sell everyone . Just one rule . Always cover your own ass . Yeah . Your one rule is a played-out cliché . Behind all the quips and the " me against the world " shtick , when was the last time you did anything for anyone else ? I gave you that water , didn 't I ? I mean , when was the last time you were fulfilled ? Was it with your family ? When you got married ? ( sighs ) Oh , maybe it was when you taught Junior to play catch . Oh . ( smacks her lips ) They 're all gone . ( inhales sharply ) Ooh . Now you 've got no one . ( sighs ) That loneliness , that emptiness churning inside ? That 's your reward for only looking out for yourself . I 'm fine with the choices I 've made . You people think we 're enemies . What ? You 're-you 're saying we 're not ? There 's no reason to be . We mean no harm . We can all live together , but we will defend ourselves . But you 've stripped away everything that makes us ... us . I mean , you 're puppeting around inside a real person who had faults and charms and quirks . Petty self-interest brought this community to the brink of destruction , but because of me , people are thinking about things other than themselves . Because of that , we have food . - We have peace . - Progress comes from creativity and individual ingenuity . Where would we be without Churchill and-and Galileo and Napoleon ? No , no , no . History of the world is made by leaders , not-not followers . Well , we come from very different worlds , and from where I sit , you 're no leader . You 're just a very sad and lonely man . I mean , why are you here ? I mean , me , I understand . They fear what I bring . But what 's the point of having you in here with me ? ( hissing ) What the hell ? I 'm sorry . ( panting ) Things would go a lot faster if I had some help ! You let the kinship down . You 've lost the privilege of help . The help that I 'm asking for is for the good of the kinship . And I 'm not doing anything else until someone lends me a hand . You 're learning to appreciate what you turned your back on yesterday . Pick it up . Pick it up now ! What the hell are you doing ? Joe 's being punished . You don 't have the right to punish anyone . Let 's go . That 's where you 're wrong , Julia . You get off of him ! What are you doing ? Get off of me ! - This is what 's best for all of us . - ( grunts ) Aktaion . Hi there . Why did you do that ? You weren 't doing so hot . Sure , you helped us get some information on what she is , but as to what she wants , not so much . Can you guess what this is ? Wouldn 't be Rogaine by chance , would it ? ( laughing ) : I swear to God , Jim , if we had met in a bar , we 'd be good friends . Well , I could use a drink right about now . ( laughs ) This is the cellular essence of what 's inside Christine . We 've isolated it . You remember what we were talking about before ? You know , Doc , you 're real good at threats . ( Big Jim sighs ) But what I need to do in there is make a deal . Getting someone to talk about their beliefs is easy . Getting someone to open up about their plans when they have every reason not to ... it 's a different story . What do you need ? Leverage . If she wakes up , and she 's a little more hurt , or she 's a little more concerned that she might not make it out of there in one piece , and I had something to pick a lock with ... This 'll do . We 're gonna put you back in there . You need to appear as though you 're in the same boat . - ( grunts ) - You both need to be a little concerned you won 't come out in one piece . ( clicking ) ( groans softly ) - ( sighs ) - ( tapping ) What the hell is going on ? Something out of your control . I was teaching Joe an important lesson . Listen to me , James . You 're sick . This isn 't who you really are . You 're right . I 'm something better . The James you know is gone . ( grunts , panting ) ( panting ) You 've caused a problem . Problems get reported to Christine . She 'll know what to do with you . ( people whistling tune ) EVA : Sam ? Hey , Eva . Christine mentioned you were having a hard time . I was . But I 'm better now , back in the fold . Good to hear . I could use a hand . NORRIE : Hey . How you doing ? Can 't move my legs . Try a different question . Hunter ... It was an accident . Was it ? NORRIE : Yes , absolutely . Why would I ever hurt you ? CAROLYN : Eleanor , I need a hand . JUNIOR : The solar panels are in place . Should have enough power for the X-ray . That 's really good work , Joe . I wrangled an expert . SAM : I can help with that - if you 'll ... - I got it . CAROLYN : Kids , why don 't you wait in the hallway ? It 's getting really crowded in here . We can give a hand to the people in tents . Help ' em move in . JUNIOR : That 's what I like to hear . Carolyn and I will check out the beds . ( whispering ) : Joe ? Are you crazy , too ? Offering to help everyone move in ? I was just telling them what they wanted to hear . Something 's really screwed up with everyone . I know . My mom scolded me and told me that I needed to be selfless for the kinship ? She 's lost it like everyone else . Not Julia . She tried to get me out of there , but Junior punched her , and a gaggle of drones just picked her up and dragged her off . Look , I don 't know what 's going on , but Julia 's the only one who 's still herself . Where did they take her ? There 's only so many rooms here . SAM : It 's gonna be all good , okay , man ? Anxious for the results . Where 'd you get these bad boys ? I gave them to him . Name says they 're for " Jessie Gordon . " Christine asked everyone to hand over their medications . To start a dispensary . Dispensary . That 's right . Not a fan of suspense . Your fourth cervical vertebra is fractured . But you can ... Even if we were outside the dome , you 'd never walk again . I 'm really sorry . Can I have a minute with Hunter ? I 'm sorry . No need to apologize . What happens now ? Something I hoped we could avoid . To manage the pain for your injury will deplete our supply of painkillers in one week . You alone would permanently take away valuable resources from the kinship . To continue down that path would be ... irresponsible . If it 's what 's best ... then I want to do it . We 've got another problem . What happened ? Julia got in the way of Joe 's training , so I put her in a safe place where she can 't disturb anyone . Hey . So I got a lead on Christine . I 'm gonna need some backup . I think she 's out on Bird Island . I did a little recon . She 's not alone . Aktaion 's here . ( muffled scream ) I 'm worried about Christine . Yeah . ( grunts ) ( muffled ) : Barbie ! ( sighs ) ( locks click , door opens ) ( footsteps approaching ) I want you to know this isn 't personal . I 'm here to inform you that trying to get Dale back is a lost cause . He 's part of a kinship that you can 't understand . Either accept that and contribute to it , or be disposed of . Though it would be a shame to lose you and Hunter in one day . Just think about it . You know , it 's strange , isn 't it ? Because if you were one of us , we 'd both be able to be with Dale . ( moans quietly ) Oh ... ( groans ) ( gasps ) What happened ? Looks like they stepped up their experiments . Your lip . Did they punch you ? Yeah . Guess I still got a little fight in me . What are you doing ? Well , that fight and a little selfish ingenuity gonna get me out of here . Take me with you . ( scoffs ) Why the hell would I ? Because if you get me out of here , I can get you out of the dome . ( whispering ) : Okay , wait . Ready ? Help ! I-I messed up on the wiring , and she got shocked and collapsed ! Please ! She 's part of the kinship ! Get her feet , get her feet . ( grunting ) You guys are unbelievable . I think you 're the only sane one around here . They 're gonna kill Hunter . You 've got to help him . What ? Junior and Eva ... they 're going to kill Hunter . - You got to get him out of here . - How ? You found me . You 'll think of something . I heard Barbie 's going to Bird Island . I got to stop him from doing something he 's gonna regret . Why are you different ? Why are we different ? I wasn 't in the cocoons . Everyone who was has something inside them that 's taking control . There 's something inside of us ? Some people are more resistant than others , so whatever you 're doing , keep doing it . And keep your head down . Get Hunter somewhere safe . I 'll find you . Okay . - How many do you see ? - In all , I counted four . What do you think they 're doing with her ? Probably trying to get answers . Section three . All clear . How 's the prisoner ? ( grunting ) Once out of the cocoons , the concepts of " me , " " ego " and " self " were gone from my mind . Immediately , I saw the world in a new light . A better light . A world where the needs of the many - outweigh the needs of the few . - Hmm . Yeah , I ... I 've seen the movie , Mrs. Spock . Jim ... What we want is no different than any living organism . To survive . To flourish . Well , that 's a good plan , except for that body-snatching part . Oh , come on . Let 's work together . So , what ? I let you out , and you bring the dome down ? Just like that ? Well , it 's not that easy , but it is what 's ultimately planned . We can take it from here . Hear all that ? Mics are in the cage . BIG JIM : Remember , there 's only one rule . Cover your own ass . - ( gunfire ) - ( guards shouting indistinctly ) ( barks ) Indy ! Toodle-oo . You have to stay . You know , if only we 'd met in that bar , Doc . ( gasps , gags ) ( choking ) Jim , let me out . I can help you . You know , I can handle good and I can handle evil . But what I can 't handle is desperate . You 're in a position to tell me whatever I want to hear , but I ain 't buying . No hard feelings . ( clicks tongue ) ( gunfire ) ( gunshots ) Barbie ! Junior ! Is it time ? Just look into my eyes . You won 't feel a thing . I 'm ready . This first one 's gonna put you to sleep . Second one will stop your heart . Just look at me . Just look at me . There you go . ( grunts ) No ! - ( grunts ) - HUNTER : No ! - Stop , I want this ! - What ? HUNTER : I don 't want to be a burden ! He wants this . ( grunting ) You 'll understand one day ... Let 's get him the hell out of here ! NORRIE : Come on , Hunter , come on . - JOE : Come on . Come on . - Come on . All right , Junior , why don 't you run up ahead ? Get the boat ready . Sure . ( sighs ) So , we have a conversation that we need to finish . I believe the outstanding question was ... who are you ? I worked for Aktaion and was tasked with finding the egg . And what did Aktaion tell you the egg was ? They said it had the potential to be the next great energy source . And they saw that ... we wanted to be a part of something great and ... What is it ? When I made contact with the egg , it triggered the dome . I trapped all of us inside it . Every death , every family that was separated ... it 's my fault . Well , Aktaion used a lot of really good people ... for a lot of terrible things . My guess is that they knew they were sending you into something dangerous . It 's not your fault . JULIA : Barbie , get away from her . Julia , what are you doing ? She 's not who she says she is . I know what you really are . Julia 's the one who gave me to them . She held me at gunpoint and handed me over to Aktaion . And I 'd do it again . Aktaion was only trying to help . Barbie , she is dangerous . BARBIE : Then let 's talk . All right , just you and me . No guns . Julia , come on , lower the gun ! Not a chance . All right , then I 'm coming to you . ( quietly ) : Come here . Come here . I 'm right here . Come to me . So , it 's just you and me . All right ? So , what 's going on ? Christine and Eva work for Aktaion . I have proof . I know . They told me , Julia . They used them . There 's more . I know how this is gonna sound , so I need you to trust me . Yes . Christine works for Aktaion , but that 's not the real Christine . When Melanie placed the egg on her cocoon , something from inside it went into the others . And now it is ... it 's growing inside of everyone , like an infection . I feel fine . I know you feel fine . But you 're different . - Julia , do you even hear yourself ? - Barbie , think about it . You were manipulated into killing Pete . No , that was self-defense . Christine and Eva are not themselves . And they are using you . They want you to become like them . Eva . Again , let 's just be honest here , all right ? That 's what this is about ! You 're not listening to me ! Look , I know you . I love you . But you 're sick . And they want you to stay that way . You can 't bring her back to Chester 's Mill . You tell me that I 'm not myself . You just handed over an innocent woman to be experimented on and tortured by Aktaion . - Barbie , you are not hearing me ! - No , no , no , no . The only person that 's changed here is you . Now , Christine has been nothing but great for this town . If you can 't accept that , you need to stay here and never come back . It was Joe and Norrie who let Julia out and freed Hunter . Well , I 'll worry about them now . I have plans for Joe . He 's gonna be instrumental in an upcoming project . You focus on Barbie . He took a big step today , but there 's still progress to make . The trauma that he suffered in his military service has made him more resistant than most . At least he finally trusts you . I became what he needed me to be ... a victim for him to save . I need to ask you a personal question . Have the two of you slept together since being in Chester 's Mill ? Not yet . Well , the sooner you become his mate , the sooner he 'll be what I need him to be . Our protector . I can do that . ( door slams ) I was just thinking about you . You look good . Sober . I cleaned myself up . Why the change of heart ? I saw a glimpse of my future if I continued along the path I was on . When I left yesterday , I went to Abby 's . She didn 't answer when I called out for her . I found her in the tub . I have a feeling I know where this story goes . I 'm sorry I strayed . We all get lost . The important thing is that you 're here now . You did it for me , didn 't you ? Abby couldn 't have gotten the pills . And she already tried to kill herself once , but I saved her . This time I was too late . But you saved me . You pulled me out of the quicksand . Thank you . It needed to be done . You mean the world to all of us . ( stabbing ) ( gasps ) You shouldn 't have done that to Abby . ( grunts ) I 'm sorry . But I 'll never be able to be who you want . ( grunts ) ( door closes ) ( groans ) Thank you , everyone . You 've done a good job today . Christine will be proud . Christine ? People are all moved in . I wanted to ask you about these designs . ( heavy breathing ) What happened ? What do I do ? Get me to the caves . ( grunts ) - NORRIE : Who 's there ? - Norrie , it 's just me . Is there anything we can do for him ? I don 't think so . When he wakes up , he 's gonna be in a lot of pain . He said he didn 't want to be a burden . But what does that even mean ? Julia said they were gonna kill him because he couldn 't use his legs . That 's so messed up . Well , if they 're willing to kill him just because of that , then ... we need to do exactly what Julia said and keep our heads down . Been looking for you everywhere . Well , you found me . I 'm a Barbie bloodhound . ( both laugh ) We can ... we can go to one of these abandoned tents . It 'll be just like old times . Sorry . Everything that happened today with Julia ... What she did to Christine . Maybe she was never the person you thought she was . Maybe . I 'm gonna go for a walk . Tell me what to do . Set ... set me by the crystal . Step back ... step back . Bring me Sam . Indy ! Indy , come here , boy ! Where you at , boy ? Come here ! Indy ! Indy ! Come here , boy ! Not what I was looking for . Yeah , same goes for you . You find your action hero ? Tell him that something from another planet 's pushing his kung fu buttons in the back ? I tried . Much as I hate to admit it , you were right . Barbie 's not the same . And Aktaion 's all dead . So much for them helping me get out of here . Or finding a cure for the infection . We 're on our own . I 'm gonna keep looking for my dog . You can walk if you want to . Indy ! Come here , boy ! Indy , where are you , boy ?
