 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Mack : If you 're the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. , I don 't want any part in it . I 'm leaving . Bobbi , Coulson wants us to scout ahead . You sure about those coordinates ? Kara ... I had another vision . S.H.I.E.L.D ... they 're coming . We 'd like to return someone of interest to you . - We found these vials on him , ma 'am . - What are these ? Beats me . Gonzales : I know that you were separated from your daughter . I thought that might belong to her . Jiaying : You 're nothing like me , like us . Gonzales : You 'll get everyone killed . Mom ! This is war . 2x21 - S.O.S. / part 1 / [ breathing heavily ] [ groans ] Mom ! [ gasping ] What happened ? Gonzales ... he ... he said that we were ... that Inhumans should be exterminated . [ groans ] He had a gun . No , stay with me , please . Gordon will take care of him . [ winces ] Get everyone to safety . Everyone , this way ! - Let me take a look at that . - S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s done enough . We have our own doctors . I 'll be fine in time . Right now we have more pressing concerns . - You should get out of here . - What about you ? Come on . [ footsteps depart ] Have you had any contact with Bobbi ? Her Quinjet still hasn 't arrived , and she 's not answering communications . How 's Skye ? Disappointed that you aren 't the one - meeting with her mother . - Simmons : Agent May . Sir , there 's been gunfire . Skye 's mother 's been shot , allegedly by Gonzales . I 'm afraid it 's going to get worse . What about Gonzales ? Where 's he ? [ sighs ] I don 't know . - Got what he always wanted . - No . He wouldn 't do that . It has to be something else . Find Gonzales . Get everyone out . I don 't want to escalate the situation till we find out what we 're dealing with . Have all three birds ready to fly the second I return . He may be a part of it . Make sure he 's secured . Man : Agent May wants all Quinjets ready for evacuation . - Prep for takeoff . - Something 's happening . [ energy pulsates ] The teleporter 's moving . [ both grunting ] [ engines roaring ] - We need to get you to the doctors . - Okay . [ groans ] [ engines roaring ] Come on ! Help me ! [ high-pitched ringing ] [ distorted shouting in distance ] [ exhales sharply ] Why would you let them do this to us ? I thought you were on our side . - I am . I-I had no idea , I swear . - Jiaying , I 'm here . We got to get you out of here . [ gunshot ] [ clattering ] [ both grunting ] - Skye , stop ! - What have you done ? That 's what we 're trying to figure out , - but you need to stand down . - Stand down ? After Gonzales just shot my Mom and declared war on us ? - You 're the one who needs to stand down . - I need to see Gonzales . - Where is he ? We can fix this . - It 's too late to fix this . Now take your men and get the hell out of here . Not until I see Gonzales . [ grunting ] - I don 't want to hurt you ! - You won 't . [ grunting ] Stop wasting time , Skye , help me fix this . I 'm sorry , May , you 're not welcome here . And my brother 's been on me for years ... wants us to motorcycle down to Baja . Beaches and desert ... you 'll get bored . [ scoffs ] Truthfully , bored would be a nice change of pace . - So ... there 's nothing I can say ? - To change my mind ? No . I just need some time to figure out my next move . [ alarm blaring ] [ man speaking over PA ] Harris , what happened ? - Gonzales is dead . - What ? When ? At the sit-down . That 's what people are saying . We 're waiting on orders . ♪ I 'm half-crazy ♪ Coulson : Jemma , do we have confirmation on who actually fired the missile ? No , sir , we 're still sorting out what happened with that Quinjet . Our priority was to get all S.H.I.E.L.D. personnel out safely . Coulson : Was there any resistance to that from the locals ? Weaver : No , they seemed as keen on leaving as we were ... perhaps retreating to shelters or bunkers . Or they evacuated . We know they have a powered way out . May . - Where 's Skye ? - How are you feeling ? I have a headache , and I asked a question . None of this would have happened if Gonzales hadn 't attacked . You can 't actually believe he would do something like this . Oh , no , Gonzales would never attack a base unprovoked . - Robert did not do this ! - How can you be sure ? Because he went to great lengths for me to get a gift for Jiaying , a peace offering . I agree . Gonzales was smarter than this . It 's too sloppy . I recommend we respond with a strong show of force . I have no intention of starting a war before I understand the situation . Agent Weaver , you 're now the highest-ranking officer on the carrier . I want you to head back there and await further instructions . Yes , sir . [ beep ] I don 't believe that Skye would turn against us . You didn 't see her fight me . Her mother had just been shot . I can believe she 's confused . No more than the rest of us . Why invite S.H.I.E.L.D. only to attack ? I don 't know , but maybe their peace offering over there does . ♪ but you 'll look sweet ♪ ♪ upon the seat of a bicycle made for two ♪ [ hums ] [ groans ] [ breathing heavily ] I thought that with her healing powers , the pain ... Wouldn 't be there ? No such luck . Her gift can heal the tissue damage with time , - but she feels all of it . - Does she need any blood ? I can ... I-I can donate or ... or what ... I think you 've helped enough . - What is that supposed to mean ? - It means Jiaying was right ... S.H.I.E.L.D. couldn 't be trusted . But you convinced her otherwise . Why ? - You think I knew about any of this ? - Lincoln . Skye . I never meant for this to happen ... I swear . I should have been more careful . [ sighs ] S.H.I.E.L.D. has done this before . I hoped they had changed . Skye feels as betrayed as we do , Lincoln ... maybe more . I don 't think we know the full story . - Coulson wouldn 't do any ... - I can 't do this right now . I 'd like everyone to leave . I need rest if I 'm going to heal . [ inhales sharply ] [ ringing ] [ sighs ] Her phone 's not picking up ... not even voicemail . Flight records suggest that Bobbi 's Quinjet left before the other three . There 's no indication of a crash . The transponder 's offline . Uh , it 's possible that somebody disconnected it , though . Forget about the plane . Can you pull up the ... Footage from Bobbi , of the base ... [ snaps fingers ] ... before she left ... good idea . You know , I am capable of finishing my own ... Sentences . Yes , you are . I 'm sorry . You knew , didn 't you ? Your visions ... you saw fire , destruction . - You knew it would all fall apart . - I 'm afraid so . Everyone thinks flowers are so delicate . - They really are quite resilient . - I 'm not here to talk botany . No , you 're here to ask questions about what 's gonna happen next . - Yes . - Well , that 's the tragedy , because even if I were inclined to tell you , you wouldn 't believe me , not with our history . Forget history ... I don 't care about the past . - Just ... - Well , you should , because the past and the future are intertwined , just like us . Our paths have been intertwined since before we even met , and I 'm not talking about DNA . You and I have spent our entire lives searching for our destiny , and I finally have the answer . I had a vision today , and it revealed the truth . - I 've seen it . - Tell me . - You wouldn 't believe me . - Raina . It is the thorn that protects the rose . [ chuckles ] Or , in this case , the Daisy . - Please , stop with the metaphors . - It 's not a metaphor . [ scoffs ] That 's the irony . My true purpose , my ... destiny is to help you become ... what you 're supposed to be . - Why the hell did I even come here ? - Because you want answers . You 're just not willing to hear them . In fact , we 'll never speak to each other again . But ... you 'll see . Your mother isn 't leading our people ... she 's misleading them . It 's you who are destined to lead . [ scoffs ] Even in the darkness , you 'll see the truth . [ energy pulses ] [ sighs ] The evacuation ? I 've taken everyone that needed protection back to their homes . The rest await your orders . I 'm confident Lincoln will fight with us , as well , when the time comes . He 's convinced S.H.I.E.L.D. is the threat . That 's true of everyone . Your plan worked . They 're all willing to fight because S.H.I.E.L.D. attacked . - What about your daughter ? - I 'm hopeful she 'll do the right thing . We 've gone to great lengths to ensure it . First , I need to get better . I need to heal . I 'm so sorry . [ breathes deeply ] You want to tell me what you 're really doing here ? Sure . I 'm a present , a gift horse ... a peace offering from my family . I 'm also an excellent Shanghai rummy partner . [ chuckles ] Sir , I 'm worried he 's more of a trojan horse . I believe Cal took these before he was handed over to us . - I 'm going to analyze them in the lab . - Go . Have we lost Skye ? We didn 't lose Skye . She chose . - Okay , that 's May . - Yeah , and that 's the woman that once set my 1967 Convertible GTO on fire . The question on the table is not who , but where . No , that 's what I 'm saying . [ keyboard clacking ] Facial recognition tagged this footage from 10 minutes later . See ? That 's May leaving the base ... again . - It 's Agent 33 . - What would she want with Bobbi ? [ door opens ] [ footsteps approach ] You know why you 're here , but I want to hear you say it . Sure , I 'm here because you 're a twisted psychopath , and once ... - Wrong answer . - Shouldn 't waste your energy , baby . We 'll stay here as long as it takes . We 'll get her to admit what she did to you . [ wheels squeaking ] [ sighs ] Sunil Bakshi gave up some surprising information when we were finding closure with him . He said that you knowingly handed Agent Kara Palamas over to HYDRA , that you are the reason she suffered months of torture and mind control at the hands of her enemy . You are here to confess that truth , to give Kara the closure she needs to move on ... - to heal , the way I 've healed . - Good luck with that . It 's not luck that 's gonna help us . [ clears throat ] Kara tells me you don 't like needles . How are you even up ? A skilled doctor , the generosity of others . [ liquid pouring ] [ cup thuds ] Honestly , having you here is the best medicine I could hope for . Okay , but I 've been shot before , a-and this i-is ... Inhuman ? - What 's wrong ? - Everything . S.H.I.E.L.D. attacking , you getting shot , me fighting May , the threat of more people dying ... this is way up there on one of the worst days ever . And I talked to Raina . She warned that bad things are gonna happen . - I was hoping she 'd have answers . - Thought you didn 't trust her . I don 't , and I shouldn 't have gone . She 's full of lies , and she 'll never change . We have more pressing work ... the safety of our people . How ? S.H.I.E.L.D. can find us anywhere . Which is why we have to stop hiding and fight . You want to take the battle to S.H.I.E.L.D. ? You 've seen more clearly than anyone how they treat people who are different , who have gifts . - I know , but to ... - If our people are ever going to be safe , I need you standing by my side . I know it 's a lot to ask , and there 's little time . Bring this back to me if you decide to join our fight . Skye 's mother orchestrated the whole thing . [ beeping ] It was a performance . The Quinjet they stole only fired on the one building . - Nobody got hurt . - Except Commander Gonzales . It either killed him or destroyed any evidence of - foul play against him . - If it 's theater , it worked . Every Inhuman up there believes that S.H.I.E.L.D. attacked their leader and declared war . - Including Skye . - Then mark that down as the second time S.H.I.E.L.D. got played today . Figured out what happened to Agent Morse . She left on a Quinjet with ... you . [ beeping ] - I didn 't leave with Bobbi . That 's ... - Agent 33 . She killed her guard , stashed him under a blanket in Vault C , - then boarded a Quinjet posing as May . - But why ? I don 't understand . Hunter : The Quinjet 's transponder went dark outside Aranda de Duero in Spain . - I 'm gonna need a pilot . - With pleasure . This reeks of Ward . He left Agent 33 here for this very purpose . But why take Bob ? Did she have a history with him ? Not that I know of , but Ward 's logic is rarely logical . There 's a piece we don 't understand yet . There 's a piece that Ward doesn 't understand . - When I find him , I 'm going to kill him . - Glad we 're on the same page . Any agent worth their salt adjusts to pain ... can push it away . So I took a different approach ... paralytic combined with an anesthetic . You can 't fight what 's happening , nor can you feel any of the pain ... yet . Crazy , huh ? Now , in a little while , the drug will turn off . Everything you 're not feeling will , mnh , flood in at once . It 's how I felt after the mind control was removed . I remembered every terrible thing they did to me . Now , we can avoid all that pain if you cooperate . Admit your sins . - What happened to you was a tragedy . - Not good enough . I had to make a choice when I was inside HYDRA ... protect my cover by giving them a S.H.I.E.L.D. safe house that might be occupied or blow my cover and lose intel that I knew for a fact would get two dozen S.H.I.E.L.D. agents killed . - So you did sell me out . - I 'm sorry you were in that safe house , but I did the right thing . The lives of the many outweigh the life of one . You ... You swore to the same ideal when you signed to S.H.I.E.L.D. - That 's your apology ? - Oh . I 'll go one better . If I ever apologize or beg for mercy while you torture me , know that I don 't mean a word of it ... not a word . I made a hard call . I 'd make the same one again right now . They destroyed the device we used to track the Teleporter . Not knowing their next move is exactly why S.H.I.E.L.D. needs to end this before it goes any further . I agree that losing the tracking device is a big setback . [ sighs ] Satellite imaging suggests their compound 's been all but deserted . That doesn 't mean we can 't strike . Until I know more , I won 't be forced into action . We may still have assets in there . Agent Skye ? She could expose us . She knows every S.H.I.E.L.D. procedure . You 're gambling with our lives because of one agent . The security of S.H.I.E.L.D. far outweighs the safety of Skye . It 's not her safety ... it 's her usefulness . Mack , I thought you left . I did , but with Gonzales dead , I need to see this settled first . So , you agree we should attack ? No . I agree it needs to be settled . I 'm not sure whether I 'm happier you haven 't left yet or that you agree with me for once . I understand Skye could be a threat , but she 's also our best bet for resolution . I have her father here . Give me a few hours to gather more information . Three hours . We 'll continue gathering intel on this side . [ beep ] - Is there a problem ? - Only time will tell . What about the alien thing in the cargo hold ? - Could be what this is all about . - I 've already doubled the guard . You used to be chief engineer . If you 're sticking around , make yourself useful . This ship needs to be battle ready . [ footsteps approach ] I 'm not a polar bear , Phil . So why is it colder than bloody blue hell down here , huh ? And , uh , what 's with the , uh ... the doodad on my wrist , huh ? That doodad monitors your vitals . [ beeping ] I 'll get you another blanket if you 'd like , or maybe some hot cocoa . [ inhales sharply ] Are you mocking me ? Torturing me after I willingly turned myself in ? Torture isn 't my thing , Cal , and surrender doesn 't really seem like yours . Why did Jiaying send you ? - Do you have children , Phil ? - I do not . Well , then , you 'll never understand what a father will do for his child ... never imagine my pain when S.H.I.E.L.D. stole my daughter . We 've been over this . It wasn 't S.H.I.E.L.D ... it was HYDRA . [ groans ] And didn 't you get your vengeance back in the day ? My understanding is you single-handedly killed a whole lot of people . Oh ... I suppose that 's true . - I 'm curious how you did it . - With style . [ keyboard clacking ] Tell me you figured out what drugs Cal took , because my gut 's saying everything ever made . I haven 't fully sequenced the formula yet , if only for the multitude of trace drugs found , but my initial list includes anabolic-androgenic steroids , a liver enzyme blocker , various metabolic enhancers , methamphetamines , what appears to be gorilla testosterone , and ... no lie ... a drop of peppermint . [ scoffs ] I think it 's an ill-conceived attempt at super strength . [ sighs ] Other than cap , every attempt has been ill-conceived . Will he survive it ? A single vial would send any normal man to the hospital . Skye 's father took three . He should be dead . [ scoffs ] It 's happening . She feels it . Once she understands your pain , we can all move past this unpleasantness . [ restraints creak ] Don 't you see what 's happening ? He 's molding you ... the way that Bakshi molded you . - The circle never ends . - You left her for dead . I 'm helping her heal ... from wounds you inflicted . Then take her to Hawaii . Do you think it 'll end with me ? - There 's always someone else to blame . - You 're wrong . I bet he started you off easy ... symbolic target ... maybe the doctor who made your mask . Ward probably started off easy , too . You 're right . It was his dog . Garrett made him kill his dog . I know what you 're doing , Agent Morse , and it 's not going to work . Grant 's already told me everything ... everything ... about his abusive family , about John Garrett , about having to kill Victoria Hand . But in the end , he overcame his family and the pain Garrett put him through . He remade himself . It 's why I love him and why no matter what he does , I will always stand with Ward . [ insects chirping ] Thank you for meeting me , Raina . - How are you feeling ? - Stronger . I should have listened to your warning about S.H.I.E.L.D. I hadn 't foreseen you getting attacked . I would have told you . These are dangerous days . I 'm grateful for your visions . You 'll be a valuable adviser . [ scoffs ] Adviser . Growing up , my dream was to lead the Inhumans . Life is rarely what we dream . I 've learned that more painfully than most . And now I 've come to accept it . It is not for me to lead , but to illuminate . I 've seen the future ... and your plan . Does it succeed ? There 's only one thing that can save the Inhumans from death and destruction . And it is neither you nor I. It 's Skye . [ scoffs ] I 've considered killing her and you ... running from my fate . But then , I realized ... what my grandmother used to say ... that one day , I would be an angel . And I realized her words have come true . I am not a monster . I am an angel . I 'm finally what I 'm meant to be . I 'm happy to hear you say that . Angels are guardians , Jiaying , but they 're also heralds , sent to reveal the truth . And that is my purpose . I 'm here to show the Inhumans exactly what you are . Even in the darkness , they will see the truth . No . They won 't . [ groans , whimpers ] [ gasps ] [ thuds ] [ inhales sharply ] What did you do ? - How could you ? - She threatened me . You tried to warn me , but I didn 't listen until it was almost too late . She knew I would see this . She said as much . She saw who you really are , so you killed her . Everything I 've done , everything I will do is for the protection of our people . You killed Gonzales . [ exhales sharply ] - You want a war . - War was inevitable . I struck first so we would have the advantage . - He came to make peace ! - Peace ? I built this community in the middle of nowhere so we would be left in peace . Yet , S.H.I.E.L.D. found us . No matter where we go or what we do , they will hunt us down . If we are to survive , S.H.I.E.L.D. must be destroyed . What are you planning ? I am planning for our future ... your future . Daisy , I won 't live forever , and when I 'm gone , you must lead these people ... protect them as I have done . Protect them ? You killed Raina . You are leading them into a war ! If they need protection , it is from you ! I 'm sorry you feel that way . [ thud ] Restrain her . Take her with you . When this is done , hopefully she 'll understand . And dispose of Raina 's body . [ sighs ] Coulson : What is her plan ? Could ... Could I get a glass of that water ? [ beeping ] [ sighs ] Ohh . [ sighs ] May I have another one to drink ? That depends on your cooperation . They just want to live in peace . Is that such a crime ? Your wife assassinated a high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. officer , then staged it to look like we attacked them . Wake up , Cal . She 's trying to start a war , and your daughter 's gonna be caught in the middle of it . [ singsong voice ] I don 't believe you . Neither of us would ever do anything to hurt our daughter . No . But you 'd do anything to protect her . Look at yourself . Whatever was in these ... it 's killing you . Was getting rid of you part of her peace plan ? You got it all wrong , Phil . That little concoction is my own special formula . I took it of my own free will . You see , when my Daisy was stolen , I wasn 't strong enough to protect her , so I started experimenting . If I wasn 't born with Inhuman powers , then I would make my own . Best-laid plans . C 'est la vie . I never got it quite right ... always missing something . Highly unstable . Made me a little moody . Could it kill me ? Sure . But it was worth the risk . You 're here to take out some S.H.I.E.L.D. agents . No . I 'm here to take out as many as I can . [ engines roar ] [ sighs ] At least they didn 't crash . Maybe they both just needed a holiday . Bobbi always liked Spain . Probably sitting on a beach , telling 33 what a lousy husband I was . - I did have my faults . - Hunter . That 's my Bob . Never goes down without a fight . - What the hell does Ward want with her ? - No idea . But if anyone can handle him , it 's Bobbi . [ groaning ] [ breathing sharply ] Gonna be a long night . I knew you 'd be tough . Coulson 's got a good eye for talent , though he 's a little blind when it comes to spies in his own house . You know , you and I are a lot alike , both of us living one life on the outside . But who we really are ... we keep that buried deep inside ... where no one can ever find it . That 's why Coulson never saw us coming . That 's why you never saw me coming . - Where 's Kara ? - Sleeping . Oh , but don 't worry ... I can go all night . I need you to help me help her . Kara needs closure . Admit that you betrayed her , and we can end this . You 're such a hypocrite . You say I betrayed her ? You betrayed your entire team . How many people who trusted you have died ? See , I 've seen the real Grant Ward , the one buried deep inside . He 's a coward who always has an excuse or someone else to blame . - You don 't know me . - Sure , I do . [ grunting ] [ grunting ] [ grunting ] [ groans ] [ groaning ] [ screams ] [ groans ] Now ... is there anything you 'd like to say to Kara ? Yeah . I 'd do it all again . [ breathing heavily ] This isn 't right . [ breathing heavily ] I 'm not feeling it . She doesn 't care if she dies , and ... she 's not sorry . It 's okay , baby . I know what to do . Hey , Mack , everything checking out ? Mack : What can I say ? I do good work . I 'm headed down to machine room 2 to run a systems test . Copy that . Keep me posted . - Where are the others ? - Already in their places . Coulson : If you hurt anyone here , Daisy will never forgive you . - Stop calling her that ! - Sorry . I thought th ... never mind . She 's " Daisy " to me and her mother ... not you , not anyone else . Fair enough , but my point is she 's been led to believe - that you 're a monster . - Innuendos ! Lies ! Well , you did wipe out an entire village . They were trying to hide her from me ! It was Jiaying 's idea to destroy that village , wasn 't it ? Just like this was her idea . She told you to take this . She didn 't care if it killed you . [ neck cracks ] - She 's using you to do her dirty work . - No ! No ! More lies ! You 've always done her dirty work . She 's the real monster . - She 's not like me . - No . She 's worse . [ rapid beeping ] She 's not a monster ! [ flatline ] [ paddles whine ] Clear . [ thump ] - No response . - We can 't lose him . - I thought you said he wanted to kill us ! - He 's Skye 's father . - We have to try . - I 'm doing what I can . Get me an adrenaline injector , one milligram . Fitz , I need it now . [ gasps ] [ grunting ] [ thud ] [ Cal groaning ] [ gasping ] You were looking for a monster ? Everybody out ! Hmm . This is what I was missing . [ clatter ] Cal ... Cal , listen to me . [ laughs ] [ air hissing ] Cal , I can take you to Daisy , but you need to calm down . This is me calm , Phil . Aah ! - Fitz , I 'm open to suggestions . - Icers are a good start . Agreed . Got to admit , I 'm not hopeful these will do anything but piss him off . There are more lethal solutions . Not yet . He 's Skye 's father ... or at least , he was . I 'm hoping there 's still a sliver of the man who ... Uh-oh . Oh . There goes the feeling in my legs . Get out of here . - No , sir . You ... - Now , go ! Cal . Phil ... time for you to go night-night . Time for the big sleep . Time to die . [ clattering ] For everyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. to die ! - This is Jiaying 's plan , not yours . - So what ? I 've always done whatever she asks . It makes me happy . It 's why she loves me . [ grunting ] Lincoln : Careful with her . She 's unconscious , not dead . Gordon : Just lock her up . We have to move fast . [ engines roar ] A day ago , I never wanted to talk to her again . - Now she 's all I can think about . - Love 's weird that way . I 'm not sure it 's love ... more like a dance of desire , discomfort , and unreliable feelings . [ beeping ] Hold on . Bobbi 's phone 's back in service . Shouldn 't be too hard to trace this to a location . - Could be a trap . - Been there , done that . Most of my marriage to Bobbi felt like a trap . But ... we did have our good times . So , you up for this ? If it means finding Ward and putting a bullet in his head ... - I 'm all in . - [ chuckles ] Guess love is weird that way . [ beep ] [ ringing ] [ cellphone vibrating ] [ beep ] That was fast . Someone must really miss their honey bunny . [ cellphone thuds ] You think he 'll come for you , hmm ? [ sniffs ] Since you 've shown no remorse for your sins against Kara , since you clearly have no regard for your own life we 're leaving you a little present . [ gun cocks ] First person through this door ... [ imitates explosion ] ... brains everywhere . I wonder what you 'll feel when you watch somebody else die because of what you did . I know what we 'll feel . [ beep ] Closure . Ohh ! [ gunfire ] Guard : Shots fired ! [ guns cocking ] We 're clear ! [ guns cock ] Weapons down or everybody dies . What did you do with Skye ? Follow me , and I 'll show you . I can 't wait to get off this boat . [ alarm blaring ] [ electricity crackles ] [ grunts ] [ electricity crackles ] Hangar deck 's ours . I 'm headed down to secure the armory . I 'm also upstairs in the conference room . Comms are down . Engines are down . They 've shorted out most of the electrical on the ship . They 've taken both reactor compartments , the crew quarters , as well as the hangar deck . Weaver : Good God . Get me a secure channel to Coulson at H.Q. - We need to warn him . - Copy that . Do we have anybody left still fighting below ? Director Coulson , we are under attack from an unknown number of gifted assailants . They have killed dozens of my men . We need your help . I 'm sending our ... [ Cal grunts ] Jemma , run ! Run ! Yes , let 's all run ! [ laughs ] [ tires screech ] [ grunts ] [ groaning ] [ metal clangs ] Now it 's just you and me . [ grunts ] And we 're gonna talk . [ static ] All clear . The ship 's been taken . Most of the crew have been secured on a lower deck . Anyone unaccounted for will be found on our next sweep . - Now what ? - Now ... we begin .
