 [ narrator ] previously on dark matter . We all woke up just like you , No idea who we are or how we got here . You said someone was responsible for wiping our memories . [ five ] no , not me , it was someone else . It 's like i 'm remembering it for them . I might be able to adapt some of the medical equipment To work as a kind of mind probe . And who 's mind would we be probing ? Mine . So , who the hell is ms . Maplethorpe , anyway ? She was a teacher i had when i was a kid . It 's as good a code as any . [ one ] who the hell is ms . Maplethorpe , anyway ? Who the hell is ms . Maplethorpe , anyway ? [ six ] it 's as good a code as any . I know i 'll never forget it . I know it ! I know the code ! I know the code ! It 's maplethorpe . [ knocking ] It 's open . I can come back . No , it 's okay . Uhh .. What do you want ? Uhh , status report . What 's your status ? Um , i 'm fine , thanks but i was talking about the ship . What about it ? Well umm , apparently all systems are operating Below optimal levels . The android 's on top of it . Also , our food stores are down to four days And our water levels have dropped . I do love my long showers . Umm she 's working on shoring up the recycling system . I told her if it means drinking other people 's urine Than i 'd rather die of dehydration . You 're fine with drinking your own though ? Gotta draw the line somewhere . Look , the uhh , the bottom line is she 's doing the best she can , But this bucket needs more work than one android can handle . Yeah ... You can turn around now . Anything else ? Uhh yeah , we have a damaged relationship . Do we ? If it gets any worse we 're gonna have to shut it down . A damaged relationship ? Relay switch . I said relay switch . No , you didn 't . I think you heard me wrong . There 's a relay switch on the lower level- - Look , the ship is in a state of disrepair And we can 't afford to fix it . There 's no news there . Why don 't we just be honest with each other ? You 're not here to give me a status report . Why do you think i 'm here ? To get a status report . What makes you say that ? Alright yes , you and three have been acting Pretty distant toward each other lately . And if you want my opinion , you can do better than him . He has at least one redeeming quality . I think it 's just easy for you not to get emotionally attached . What makes you say that ? Because i can 't imagine anyone Getting emotionally attached to him . Oh you think i couldn 't help myself with you Because you 're so hopelessly irresistible ? I didn 't i 'm not i- - Well status is , it 's over . You and three ? What happened ? He didn 't like all the names i was calling him during sex . Is that what this is about ? What ? You flirting with me ? For your information , if i was flirting with you , I would be taking my clothes off , not putting them on . What are you doing ? What , i thought- - You thought wrong . But if- - ? No , it 's complicated . Right . And also that . Don 't stop on my account . Did you need anything ? Five figured out the code to the mystery room . You 're kidding . And we 're about to open it But if you two have something better to do . No . [ keyboard tapping ] [ hydraullics moving ] That 's it ? I think that 's as open as they 're gonna get . [ six ] why is everything on this ship so much work ? [ two ] clear . The panel appears to be malfunctioning . Of course it is . Give me a moment . [ bang ] Hoo hoo hoo hoo ! Whoa-ho-ho ! Hah , alright ! I 'm gonna call you racquel . All these are locked . Ah , just stand aside . See if i can 't fix that . Don 't be stupid . We don 't know what 's in there . It could be packed with explosives . You know , anyone else wondering why you need to lock a box That 's inside a locked room . Could be something we stole That we just haven 't gotten around to opening yet . Hey , anybody know what this is ? [ all ] whoa , whoa ! What ? I suggest you be careful not to activate it . Oh . [ chuckling ] Well i know what this is . We 're rich ! Hoo-hoo-hoo ! Uh , guys . She 's alive . The pod 's hooked up to the ships power but there 's no data link . That would explain why this chamber Never showed up on any of our system scans . But what is she doing in here ? You think she 's got her memories ? Let 's thaw her , find out . Are we sure we want to do that ? She 's obviously in here for a reason . Any dreams or visions that would explain it ? No . Let 's thaw her and find out . I said that like five seconds ago . Yeah , but coming from her , it actually sounds reasonable . [ power buzzing ] You 're welcome . [ scanner humming ] How come she 's not waking up ? She 'd been in stasis for a long time . I have her sedated until i can fully evaluate Her physical condition . And ? She has tataryn 's disease . It 's a disorder common on planets Where they mine serillium , a result of the run-off from Refineries leaching into the water supply . In its advanced state , it causes rapid decline In specific neurological motor function related To autonomic life-support . There 's no known cure . Whoa , wait , so she 's dying ? Without question . It 's probably why she was in the pod in the first place To halt the progress of the disease . If we keep her out , how long does she have ? It 's impossible to say . It could be a matter of days . We 've gotta put her back in there . You 're the one that wanted to take her out in the first place . This is different , we should put her back in . Hey , we need to find out what she knows . [ torch blowing ] [ lock clincks ] Check it out . Maybe , it 's the android 's sister . [ two ] a service bot ? [ one ] entertainment model . Disassembled but in good condition . Well proportioned . Whoa ! I 'll say . She 's got a wide range of capabilities . Magic tricks . Twirling . Contortion . [ android ] i 'm preparing to wake the woman we found in stasis . Okay . On my way . Go ahead . Bring the bot online . I 'm sure she 's got a great personality To go with that body . [ whooshing ] It 's amazing how the skin fuses so you can 't even see the seams . [ five ] it says her programming is standard issue For an entertainment model . I don 't think she 's gonna be much help with repairs Or anything like that . Well , she can learn , can 't she ? And anyway there 's lots she can do in the meantime . Just turn her on . I mean , activate her . [ beeping ] Hello . My name is wendy . Would you like to run a full demonstration Of my capabilities ? Uh no , that 's alright , umm , We read the manual , wendy . Why does she talk like that ? Umm , the factory default is set to something called " aussie . " Cool . What can i do for you ? I can sing you a song . I 'm programmed in multiple popular musical styles . Dubstep , tropical house , classical . N-no thanks . That 's umm , that 's fine . Perhaps you 'd like to take advantage Of my advanced culinary programming . We don 't have much to work with . Our rations are kind of low . Not to worry . I 'll extend the rations by double And make them taste better than you could ever imagine . Show me the kitchen . [ android ] you were in stasis . Now you 're safe on board our ship . Who are you ? You can call me two . I was about to ask you the same thing . My name is sarah . Do you remember how you got here ? Marcus ! Thank god you 're here . Uhh look , i don 't know how to tell you this but umm ... What 's wrong ? We had an accident with our stasis pods . In a way , you 're lucky that you weren 't stored with us Because we all lost our memories . None of us can remember anything from before a couple weeks ago . Are you serious ? You really don 't remember me ? I 'm sorry , believe me i wish i did but i- - Then why did you revive me ? We thought that maybe you would have some answers for us . I don 't know you , or you . I 've never seen this ship before . The last thing i remember was marcus putting me in stasis On my homeworld telling me everything would be all right . This looks amazing . [ six ] i can get used to this . Mmm . I 've utilized less than two percent of current rations For the creation of this meal . Mmm , oh wow ! This is even better than i expected . Yeah . I 'm glad . Mmm . You 'll be happy to know i 've improved the efficiency Of the coolant systems by eleven percent . Way to go . Wendy increased the taste of our food by a hundred percent . [ android ] i see . You should also know that if i hadn 't effected the repairs , The system would have completely in a matter of days , Crippling the ship . Good catch . Wow . Mmm , wow ! Shall i prepare the next course ? There 's a next course ? Hell yeah ! [ laughing ] My god ! Mmm . How much do you know about " marcus " ? I-i know what he- - what he was , what he is . It didn 't- - it doesn 't matter . On my world , anyone who stood up To the corporations was an outlaw . How did you meet ? It was the end of a terrible winter . I was out early one morning gathering firewood . I found him lying in the forest near my farm . At first , i thought he was dead . I managed to get him back to my house and dress his wounds . Later he told me later he was a mercenary for hire . That he 'd been wounded on a mission , And the others he was with left him behind . Did he say who they were ? No . And were you alone when you found him ? Yeah , i had been living on my own for over a year after My husband died in the uprising . He was a miner . The uprising ... ? We knew people were getting sick , But the ferrous doctors kept told us everything was fine . Then people started dying . That 's when the rebellion started . But we didn 't stand a chance . Did three ever umm- - Marcus . Did marcus tell you what he was doing on your planet ? He 'd said that he was hired by a rival corporation To hijack a shipment of serillium . The mission did not go as planned . Several of his crew were killed . And when he didn 't make it back to the rendezvous point They probably assumed he was dead . So , you saved his life . And he saved mine . At least for a while . [ grunting ] [ sword whipping ] Hey , you missed quite the meal . I don 't eat for pleasure . Right , anyway . I wanted to introduce you to wendy . I 'm pleased to meet you . If there 's anything i can ever do for you , Please don 't hesitate to ask . I don 't require entertainment . Well , you do require a massage . Why do you say that ? Your left shoulder sits two millimeters below your right , Possibly indicating tension In your right supraspinatus or lats . It could affect your overall precision and technique . Well , it feels fine to me . [ laughs ] Turn around . She 's not gonna hurt you . [ moans ] Is that better ? Umm . It feels the same , no difference . Shall i stop ? No . Easy tiger . Ahh ! There you are . Don 't start . Did you finish that " thing " you needed to do ? Don 't start . Hey , you have to talk to her . What am i supposed to say , huh ? I don 't know but it 's obvious there 's something between The two of you , or at least there was . Yeah , but i don 't remember . So what 's the point ? Look , against all imaginable odds it turns out that somebody In this galaxy doesn 't think you 're a total jerk . She 's alone in that room and scared out of her mind . And apparently , you 're the one who brought her on this ship . What are you gonna do about it ? Uh , hi there . Hi . Uhh listen , i 'm sorry about before . I guess this whole thing 's just got me A little weirded out that 's all- - Yeah , me too . You um , do you wanna go for a walk or something ? Yeah . Yeah , okay . I 'd like that . Ok . Alright . [ gasp ] God ! I-i didn 't realize you were there . What would you like to do now ? Uh ... I 'm programmed with various recreational subroutines . Do you like fun ? Uhh , i-i guess . What kind of fun would you like to have ? We could dance . Play a game . Umm , no thank you . Um , i was actually about to lie down . Excellent . Would you like me to join ? I 'm adept at a wide variety of contemporary erotic techniques : Quasaring , the infinite moebius , dunking the cosmic donut- - That 's- - i really shouldn 't . Umm , wait . What was that last one ? On the other hand , if you prefer male anatomy I come with interchangeable parts . No , no , no , no . I appreciate the offer . But i umm , it 's just a little weird . What 's weird about it ? Sexuality is a natural human function . Sure , but you 're an android . I mean , what do you get out of it ? I possess almost three thousand touch receptors . I can experience pleasure . I sense anxiety . If you like , i can turn off my performance analytics Before we begin . Look , i appreciate the offer , i just don 't think i 'd feel right . Or- - On the other hand , there 's only one way to find out . Really ? She 's not complicated . [ electronic buzzing ] [ british accent ] 'ello , you look to be in a right Smashing good mood . You 'll be chuffed to ' ear i 've found a way ter convert The engine 's residual byproducts into a nutritious , Protein-rich meal supplement . Why are you talking like that ? [ irish accent ] oh , ye noticed . It so ' appens that i too come programmed wif Several unique linguistic varieties . [ german accent ] zhere ofer two tozen eccents To choose vrom . You can zelect vone or ve can go vith a tally rotation . I umm , i don 't- - [ jamacian accent ] don 't worry about it , mon . Yuh dun havtah decide rite dis second . [ chinese accent ] dere 's ova twooooo dozon . No . Just no . [ australian accent ] maybe , we can twalk about it A bit layta then . Home sweet home . I 'm sorry about that , let me just move these . It 's okay , you don 't have to apologize . I know the kind of world you live in . Yeah but there 's no where to sit so- - You have to believe me . There was a time when we were together- - That you were different . [ ax hacking wood ] Dinner is ready . Are you going somewhere ? This was a mistake . I don 't think so . No . You know , sarah , you don 't know who i am . I 'm not the guy who stays , i 'm the guy who leaves . You don 't have to be . Sarah ? That was the first sign That there was something wrong with me . Sarah ! Look at me . What 's wrong ? After that , i was nothing but a burden . You could 've left at any time . But you didn 't . You stayed . Maybe i felt guilty . That might have kept you for maybe a day or two . But not for months . Not for a whole winter . Feeding me . Taking care of me . I gotta be honest with you that doesn 't sound like me . Look , you may not know it , but i do . You are a good man . [ sarah coughing ] Whatcha doing ? I 'm going through the medical database , Looking for any new information on tataryn 's disease . Find anything useful ? Not yet . You 're doing something new with your hair . Wendy did it for me . Do you like it ? I don 't believe there was anything wrong With the way it was before . You don 't like her much , do you ? I don 't have an opinion either way . I just think there are more relevant functions she could be Performing besides cooking and playing games . Stress can cause humans to act inefficient . Relieving stress can be a lot like recharging batteries . Laughter is the best medicine . Something like that . I 'm not programmed for humor . Well , just because people are having a little fun with wendy Doesn 't mean we don 't appreciate what you do . I mean , i don 't think we could get by without you . According to my self-diagnostics , My performance is satisfactory in every way That my programming dictates . Now don 't go getting a big head or anything . My head is always a consistent size . See , who says you 're not funny ? Look , wendy is new here and she 's just trying to fit in . I know what that feels like . I think if you gave her a chance , you 'd really like her . [ whoosh ] [ keyboard clicking ] What are you doing ? I have tidied the room And am now attempting to learn the ship 's system . So i can be more helpful . Is there anything i can do for you ? No , i 'm good . I could tell you what most pleases one sexually . What makes you think i would wanna know that ? Your body temperature rises .25 degrees when you 're around him . Also , blood flow to your cheeks increases also indicating- - Okay , that 's enough . Where is one , anyways ? I think he 's in the mess hall . I made him something special . What happened ? I don 't know , she just collapsed . She 's breathing but i can 't wake her , can you help her ? No , i don 't know what to do . Where 's the android ? She went to the bridge to run a diagnostic . Okay . Android , we need you in the infirmary . I 'm on my way . Hello . Hello . I 'd like to inform you that your presence no longer offends me . As a new member of this ship 's extended crew , It must be difficult to fit in , especially in that outfit . And i 've been less than welcoming . I regret my actions that i can only attribute To a flaw in my programming . I misjudged you and i 'm sorry . [ gunshots ] Apology not accepted . Mmm . Mmm . How 's lunch ? Fantastic . Even he 's on board . Her soup is umm , very good . [ door closing ] That 's weird . [ machine beeping ] We 're locked in . We just dropped out of ftl . [ two ] android , this is two , we got problem , One , four , six and i are locked in the mess . Android , do you read ? [ beeping ] Crew of the raza , this is cyrus king . I 'm sure you 're surprised to be hearing my voice . You probably thought i was dead . Maybe if we remembered who you were . I arranged for you to acquire this service android knowing That when you activated it , i would finally get my revenge . [ beeping ] You killed everyone in my unit . Burned them all alive . Probably deserved it . Now you 're going to suffer the same fate . Your ship has been directed to fly into the nearest star . [ whoosh ] Here 's hoping your last moments will be as tortured And painful as possible . Come with me . Three , do you read me ? Yeah , go ahead . Our android 's offline and we 're trapped in the mess . Is five with you ? Yeah . Good , tell her to stay put . I need you to get to the port side sub-level power relay . You can shut down the engines from there . It 'll buy us some time , slow our progress toward the star , So we can figure a way out of this . But you don 't know how- - Shh . Do you understand me ? Yeah , understand . Three out . Kill your comm . I-i don 't get it . She knows you don 't know how to do that . Yeah , but wendy doesn 't know . She 's monitoring comms . So you 're the bait . Exactly . Once wendy leaves the bridge , i need you to get in there and Find a way to work around whatever it is she 's done . I 'll distract her . That 's gonna take some time . I 'll give you all i can , kid . Go . [ door closes ] Hey . What 's going on ? We 're having a little technical problems with the ship . It 's gonna be okay , we 're gonna fix it . But your condition 's gotten worse So we 're gonna put you back in stasis . No , no , no , no , not yet- - I promise i will not rest until I 've done everything i can to save you . Okay . Okay . I guess a little rest now and then isn 't such a bad thing . No . I wish that i remembered . It 's okay . We 'll make new memories . I 'll see you soon , okay ? Yeah . Promise ? I promise . Okay . [ whoosh ] [ gunshot ] [ bang ] Whoa ! [ gunshot ] This is three do your thing . Do you have her engaged ? I guess you could say that . [ gunshots ] Ugh ! [ boom ] Good , can you keep her busy ? I can try . Damn it ! Five , where are you ? I 'm on the bridge , but i-i can 't access the nav system , She 's locked me out . I 'm trying to find a work-around . We 'll get to that in a minute . For now , see if you can access non-essential systems . Switch all doors to manual . I 'm on it . [ grunting ] [ bang ] I 've got it ! Good girl . You 're with me . [ grunting ] Ah ! [ punching ] [ grunting ] [ crash ] [ grunting ] Wait ! This runs counter to your programming ! Fun , remember ? ! Fun ? I don 't remember fun . No ? I just remember cooking and cleaning And dunking the cosmic doughnut . Ahh , wait , what was that last one ? Doughnut . [ groaning ] I thought you were designed to serve , not kill ! I find your view on female androids Both antiquated and offensive . You okay ? Never better , why do you ask ? Two , this is six . We 've taken care of the robot . Yeah well , i wish that was the worst of our problems . We 're locked out of navigation , And we 're still headed straight for the star . There 's no way to change course . She put an encrypted passcode on the ship 's main control systems . It could take hours to solve it . [ electrics sparking ] We don 't have that kind of time . This is two . Is wendy 's head damaged ? It 's detached , but it looks okay . Good , bring the head to the bridge and be quick . In the meantime , space her body . [ electrics sparking ] [ power dying ] The power is dying all over the ship . How are we going to find the code in all that ? There 's a log that 's recorded on a timeline . She has to have set the passcode sometime within the last hour . Won 't work on manual we 'll have to reset . All right . Whoa , woah , woah , woah ! We got a problem here , wendy 's body just came alive . We powered the head . It must 've activated the body remotely . Ah , it 's no big deal . Robot can 't see without her head . Ah ! Scratch that , she can see us just fine ! How is that possible ? It 's the link ! She 's tied into the ship 's internal sensors . We gotta pull the plug ! Not yet . I don 't have the code . Any time now would be good ! Got it , we 've got nav control ! [ sparking ] Come on . You all right ? [ chuckling ] I hate robots . How long do you think it 'll take for her to fully regenerate ? Depends on how extensive the damage is . We 'll have to wait and see . No , no . What happened ? The pod must 've been damaged by the power fluctuations . Without stasis , the disease ran it 's course . It 's my fault . It was my idea to activate the robot . It was stupid . Did you program that thing to attack us ? No . Did you give sarah an incurable disease ? No . Then what are we talking about ? [ whoosh ] [ sword whipping ] [ sword clanking ] [ knocking ] Yeah ? Hey is this a bad time for a status update ? Can 't it wait ? It 's going to take us some to sort through All the items we found in the mystery room . Some are locked and inaccessible for now but uhh , We 've got enough funds to effect full repairs , re-stock , And even have enough leftover for a few luxury items . Great . Maybe another robot , one of those entertainment models . A less buggy version ? No , thanks . Latent killer sub-program aside , she was a damn good cook . And , i imagine , she had other worthy skills . Look , i don 't know what i was thinking . I have a pretty good idea . Well , as it turns out , i was wrong . It was complicated . I 've been thinking . Maybe , complicated isn 't such a bad thing .
