 Robert : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , Killed them for sport . But what if , all across the globe , The animals decided : " no more " ? What if they finally decided to fight back ? Previously on zoo ... Abraham : Rise and shine , jackson . We have a dozen impatient swedes Waiting for us to show them the rhinos . Go now ! ( lion roars , chloe screams ) My father made all these tapes . He talks about a defiant pupil . Indisputable proof that his theory was correct . Maybe my father wasn 't entirely crazy . Hey there , chloe . Oh . Hi . You leaving ? I 'm going back to paris . Your father 's ideas were rejected By every one of his peers . Harvard revoked his chair . What if they 're wrong ? What if they 're all wrong ? He was the laughingstock ! What if everyone else is wrong ? At some point , your father found his way to japan . Whatever is left of his research- - This is where you 'll find it . Mitch morgan ? I 'm jamie campbell . We spoke on the phone . Right . L.A. Telegraph . You 're the animal coroner ? Veterinary pathologist . The beef those lions were fed came from cows That fed on grain that was Treated with pesticides from reiden global . Meaning it caused aberrant behavior ? Exactly . Mitch : I think these lions Are communicating With each other . Abe . If you go , i go with you . Besides , i think japanese women are very sexy . I 'm sure they 're gonna find you Sexy , too , in a beaten-up kind of way . Chloe tousignant ? Oui . You may be Uniquely suited to help us . I 'm afraid that The fate of the world may hinge on it . This is nicholas bradshaw . He came to kamnik a week ago to adopt a son . Yesterday He was massacred by dogs . ( laughing ) : Massacred by dogs ? Don 't be ridiculous . You 're right . One man does not a massacre make . But look around . Six . ( screaming ) ( roaring ) I 'm sorry . I 've got to ... I know this is upsetting , but I needed to show you tangible evidence of what i suspect You 're already beginning to realize . And what is that ? That something very strange is occurring in the animal kingdom . And i 'd like your help in getting to the bottom of it . Why me ? I 'm not a field agent . My expertise lies in human attacks , not animals . If that is what you need , i 'm sorry , i 'm not your girl . Ms. Tousignant , i 've thoroughly vetted you . You 're one of the top intelligence analysts At the dgse , you speak five languages . You understand virtually every culture on earth . Perhaps There are others who meet these criteria , But given what you witnessed in africa , You are exactly what i need . ( indistinct crowd chatter , music playing ) Business or pleasure ? What ? 17 hours in airplane seats not suited for children . Two hours trying to hail a cab . Another hour searching Through city streets with teens dressed like circus clowns . ( women giggle ) And did i mention , i haven 't been off the african continent In over a decade ? So i am asking : Which one do we conquer first ? Business or pleasure ? Let 's find the address . Then you can ... Partake in Whatever it is you feel like partaking . ( engine revving , crowd chatter ) Abraham : This is it . ( buzzer sounds ) We are looking For the former residence Of dr . Robert oz . Jackson ? Thank you . And now we border treacherously on stalking . I don 't know whether to be freaked out or flattered . Be grateful . What 's that ? The paper has offered to fly us to new orleans To meet with senator dixon vaughn . He 's head of the environment And public works committee there . A little premature , don 't you think ? We have solid evidence against reiden global . We don 't have anything close to solid evidence . Are you kidding me ? Look ... We know those lions were communicating Over large distances . That 's not evidence . It 's a theory . Yes , we have a mutation That seems to be producing a hive-like mind in lions- - Same kind that exists in bees , Some kind of superorganism- - But that 's more crazy than it is anything else . And it 's a hell of a long way off From pinning the blame on reiden global . Look , senator vaughn is from my home district . He 's a good man . He will listen . Our theory is at least enough to get him To launch an investigation . Look , i have classes , i have students . I have laundry . I would think that if there 's even a possibility That reiden global is turning lions into superorganisms , that That would be a priority for you , but it 's fine . I 'll just , um , take my findings to a guy i know at caltech . Oh , now they 're your findings ? This is the kind of stuff that leads to tenure And chairmanships . Appealing to what you perceive To be my outsized ego lacks subtlety . And louisiana is lovely this time of year . I recognize you from a handful of photos Your father kept . Jackson : I apologize , Minako . I had no idea that my father had got remarried . Ah . Please sit . We met at harvard six years ago . ( speaking japanese ) I was writing my thesis On trophics interaction and plankton ecology , And i became fascinated with robert 's work On animal evolution . After he was fired from the university , He sunk into a deep depression . I convinced him to continue his work And offered to use my family 's money to sustain us . He was , at that time , quite penniless . So , you were with him during ... ? His breakdown ? Yes . Love is difficult . When you stick with someone during the hard times . But , of course , That is when they need you the most . If you have come Now , two years after your father 's death , It must be because you need something . A ... A pride of male lions In africa- - Their-their behavior was , uh ... Troubling . I believe that my father May have additional research that can shed some further Light on the lions ' , Um ... Changing behavior . So it has begun . The awakening of the animals cognitive acuity . I would love to give you the rest of your father 's work , But it is not here . It remains Where he conducted his final experiments . Where is that ? Minako : Your father became paranoid . He began hiding his findings . Coding everything , even from me . I finally convinced him that Somebody other than himself needed to be In on his genius . What are those ? Rads meters . You need to wear these at all times . They let us know When we 've taken in too much radiation . Why should we be worried about radiation exposure ? Your father selected an island 30 kilometers outside of fukushima . Fukushima ? As in nuclear reactors , radiation leaks And deadly fallout ? He called it his " ghost of christmas future . " Coming to this island Worked for your father . The last time we spoke , he was so thrilled . He said he finally understood . Understood what ? I suspect ... Why the animal behavior was changing . I don 't know . He did not want to say over the phone . But before i could make the trip out here ... ( thudding ) Jackson : That 's a bat . That 's flying a little high , isn 't it ? And a little too early in the day . ( squeaking and thudding ) ( pilot speaks japanese ) what 's going on out there ? ( speaking japanese ) ( loud , mechanical humming ) ( overlapping chatter ) Pilot : Mayday ! Mayday ! ( engine revving , bats squeaking ) Man : " the wolf and the lamb shall feed together , " and the lion shall eat straw " like the bullock , And dust shall be the serpent 's meat . " All done , evan lee . You ready ? ( thunder rumbles ) Evan lee : " and god said , 'let the earth bring forth The living creature after his kind . ' " " ' the cattle " ' and the creeping things " and the beasts of the earth after his kind ' ; And it was so . " Guard : Let 's go , evan lee . Time to see the warden . Warden : Evan lee , i 'd ... Like to get you to reconsider speaking to the widow . It 's just kind of best for everybody if we just move on . Answer 's still ... No . Well , now , you ... Suit yourself . But tomorrow night , you 're gonna be getting the needle . And if you really believed in a hereafter And any kind of mercy there , Go and give the widow what she 's asking for . I 'm beyond mercy . Get him out of here . ( thunder rumbling ) Okay . Okay what ? Okay , you 're right . It 's time to make amends . ( gasps ) Abe ! I can 't find the pilot ! Come on . Come back . Come on . He 's gone . Is she not breathing ? Don 't stop . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Don 't stop . Jackson . Come on . Come on . Jackson . Jackson . Come on . Come on . Come on ! Come on ! Jackson . Jackson ! ( indistinct police transmission ) I still have no idea what help i can be . I study patterns . I process information . Your skill set is exactly what i need . Those poor people were attacked by dogs . Presume the attack was human . This is ridiculous . Ridiculous ? You mentioned that . Humor me . Look with a different eye . The bodies in the morgue were in various states of decomposition , Indicating the attacks took place over weeks . It is clear why the victims weren 't discovered For some time , but why were they not missed ? Perhaps they were targeted because ... They had few ties to the community . For instance ... ? Visitors . People without roots in the city or the area . Tourists . Good . Anything else ? It 's a question of motive . If the victims were killed With no possible gain to their killers ... What ? If we were dealing with a human suspect- - Multiple victims over time , Murdered in a place where their bodies wouldn 't be discovered- - There would only be one possible explanation . What is that ? They 're honing their skills . Honing their skills ? Yes . But why ? This was not humans but dogs . What purpose would it serve them to be more efficient murderers ? You do understand the problem . The question remains : Are you willing to join me And do something about it ? Woman : I apologize , miss , but it 's saying Your credit card is declined . Are you sure ? Could you try it again ? Sure . Well , i knew the newspaper biz was in the weeds , But getting a corporate card knocked back ... Actually , now it 's saying to cut up the card . No , no , no . That-that won 't be necessary . Um ... Okay . Suppose we can use one of mine . I 'm sure the telegraph will reimburse me . Right ? This trip has nothing to do with the telegraph , does it ? It did . And then it didn 't . Because i was fired . I spent my last $ 800 getting us here . I 'm sorry . I know i shouldn 't have lied to you , But i did it for a good reason . Yeah . That 's the problem with you . Your " good reason " barometer is on the fritz . Wait , where are you going ? We still have a meeting with the senator . You have a meeting with the senator . I 'm getting on the next flight back to l.A. Call your guy at caltech . Although , Unlike me , the guys at caltech are smart . They 're not gonna fall for your reiden ramblings . No , no . Wait , wait , wait . The flight doesn 't leave for eight hours . Yeah , i 'll get one of those chair massages . A really long one . Or you could spend two of those eight hours Meeting the senator , Laying out the findings that could Eventually lead To your securing a-a nobel prize . A nobel prize ? Okay , maybe not a nobel prize But-but a different kind of prize . The kind of prize that makes you feel really good about yourself . Let me show you something that might convince you . The pilot sent an sos beacon On our way down . We can expect a rescue . But in who knows how long ? How do hundreds of bats fly 5,000 feet higher Than they normally do ? Perhaps the radiation ? ( radiation detector ticking ) How far do you think it is to my father 's compound ? From the plane , maybe three kilometers . We could make it there and back before the rescue arrives . There is one thing . I don 't even know what these numbers mean . Green . Maybe we 're safe . ( indistinct radio transmission ) Evan lee : " the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb , and the leopard " shall lie down with the kid ; " and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together ; And a little child shall lead them . " Ms. Blanchard , thank you for taking the time to come down . I was surprised to get your call . Well , most death row inmates , in the end , They like to clear their conscience before execution . I hadn 't held out much hope for evan lee , But , well , here we are . ( insects trilling ) Jackson : I can 't believe she 's dead . Jackson , we did everything we could for her . I know . I would have liked to have thanked her . For sticking by him . It 's a hell of a lot more than my mother and i did . Well , from everything you told me , that was The best thing that could have happened to all of you . But what if we were wrong and she was right ? Is it possible that we were looking at the situation All wrong ? What we thought was a man on the edge of sanity was actually A man on the verge Of an extraordinary evolutionary breakthrough . Perception can sometimes stain reality . It is why i don 't tell everybody about my past . We should keep going . I was 11 when my mom got sick . She was one of the first ones . Eventually , there were 26 more . 26 formerly healthy members of the community . Cancer clusters . We tried to make a case , but ... By then , reiden was this ... Huge , monolithic super-corporation , And we were just a bunch of sick farmers in a tidewater town . And who knows what causes cancer , right ? All you can do to avoid it , Good luck and good genetics . Or so the thinking goes . I 'm sorry . Do you have family ? I never asked . Yeah , we 're not close . As you can imagine , I 'm an acquired taste . Yeah , in the beginning . In the end , though , you come through . Anyway , i wanted to bring you here To show you that i wasn 't completely nuts . I 'm just very , very angry . Jackson : This must be the place . What 's the radiation level ? ( radiation detector chirping ) It 's up to yellow . We need to get in and then get out . ( horse sputtering ) Dear lord . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay , boy . It 's okay . It 's okay . Don 't worry . Don 't worry . It 's okay . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . ( patting horse ) ( loud sputtering ) Jackson ? What exactly was your father doing here ? Thank you for making the time for us , senator . Oh , my . Beautiful . Bag that yourself ? In alaska , my 40th birthday . Reiden global . ( chuckles ) We have been fighting that fight for some time , Haven 't we , ms . Campbell ? Yes , we have , senator , but dr . Morgan has found The smoking gun we 've been waiting for . Yeah . Right . Uh ... It 's possible that a new mutation is allowing lions In los angeles to communicate with each other Over long distances . Functioning as some sort of superorganism . Although the evidence of this is observational , Not quantitative . Uh , what dr . Morgan didn 't mention is That the mutation in the lions , And some disturbing behavior we witnessed in cats , Was preceded by exposure to reiden pesticides . We can finally show That reiden is radically altering animal genetic code . I have been With you on this , jamie , from the beginning . Mm . But as is the case sometimes In these matters , things change . What things ? See those shelves ? That is the result Of the investigations my committee has launched Into reiden global . For every motion we file , They file ten . For every lawyer we have , they have a dozen . Reiden is just too powerful . They 're everywhere ! Well , senator , this ... I know This has been important to you for some time , ms . Campbell , But it is over . Well , We should go , jamie . Please . Knowing when There 's no longer any sense in a fight , jamie , Is what separates the proud from the pathetic . Good-bye . Senator ? I did my grad school thesis on The inverse proportionality of taxidermy wall mounts To their owners ' penis size . My condolences to your wife . ( insects trilling ) I 'll check for a generator . ( clinking , electrical buzzing ) ( indistinct male voice in distance ) Eyeballs . Lovely . I think i know why he came here . What do you mean ? My father . He came here because of the radiation , Because the animals were already changing . But he was already experimenting on animals back in boston . Yes , on changes and behavior that were naturally occurring , But i think here , He realized the radiation accelerated changes In the animals ' biological makeup and behavior . He would go to such lengths , Even to the detriment of his own health ? It 's exactly what he would do . This entire island was his petri dish . The ghost of christmas future . ( indistinct male voice continues ) Gentle ! Easy ! Easy ! Easy ! Easy ! Easy ! Easy ! No ... He looks like he 's aged 30 years since i last saw him . Easy ! Get the lead rope ! Abraham : You see that ? The defiant pupil . Just like the lions . ( indistinct chatter on screen ) So vic , who owns this place- - He 's kept the decorations up for 15 years . Since his wife died christmas eve . How very miss havisham of him . All right , is this what you 're gonna do ? " bartender , pour me another " ? You 're gonna drown your sorrows 'cause of a little setback ? ( laughs ) a little setback ? Dude , i don 't have a job . I don 't have an apartment . I don 't have any money . And the last best chance i had Of nailing these bastards just showed us the door . Mm . Encore . Wow . Yeah , i was awful to my mother The last year she was sick . You were a kid . Kids ' brains access fear more easily than they do compassion . Fear of losing your mother made empathy impossible . I was ashamed of her . Of her baldness . Maybe that 's why you 're doing this . Why you 're off on this crusade . Hmm ? Make things right ? Well , no kidding , sigmund . Duh . Okay , listen . Maybe i can work on the theory back at the lab . Few more tests , i can come up with something That even reiden global and their legion Of lawyers can 't deny . No . No . Don 't bother . It 's over . Why ? Look , i really appreciate everything That you 've done so far , but ... There 's nothing for me there . I 'm gonna go call my uncle . See if i can crash with him till my next setback . Gaspard : Mitchell morgan . Um ... Do i know you ? As you can see , the matter is rather urgent . So you claim . Mystery man in a very nice suit . I 'm in town , actually . Um ... ( chuckles ) Yeah . Yeah , for work . Yep . With the paper . Uh ... I , um ... I was thinking maybe we could ... We could catch up . Yeah . Yeah . Uh , i 'd love to come by . I thought you 'd jump at the chance , With the funding in your department severely cut , Your proposal for a state-of-the-art lab Being turned down , And your fervent desire for confirmation As to whether or not Lions can now communicate over long distances . Mystery man in a very nice suit who knows things . Yeah . All right , i 'm in . Very good . On one condition . Mrs. Blanchard : I 'm surprised you agreed to see me . Seems it 's god 's will . Well , some might say a veiled attempt To stave off any kind of unforeseen unpleasantness In the hereafter . But i don 't answer to them , Miss blanchard , only to you . It 's mrs . You 've always maintained Your innocence . But i need the truth , Mr. Hartley . Did you kill my husband ? I wasn 't always like this . Lusting . Craving . We played god . And we paid a horrible price . I was out there looking for the cure . Out there in the woods . That night , seeing your husband and his friends On that hunting trip ... It triggered something . Watching men celebrate murder . They made it easy . Easy to kill . Your husband was the first . He was a little slower than the rest . I took him down fast . You should know He didn 't suffer , miss blanchard . My knife is fast . Mrs. And before i got caught , i was out there looking For another hunting party . 'cause it had become ... It is now ... My nature . I know you got questions about what i did . But all the answers Are right here , miss blanchard . Damn it , it 's mrs . Mrs. Blanchard . Is it , though ? Is it still ? You see , i thought I removed the " mrs . " When i removed daniel 's heart . Guard ! I want to leave ! Now ! ( pounding ) Guard ! Open this door right now ! ( door opens ) Robert : Day 47 . The defiant pupil has been present for 16 days . I have failed in isolating and reversing the mutations . The horses are becoming increasingly aggressive . Abraham : This is impossible . Everything is in code . ( sighs ) A little help here , jackson ? The eyes are the window to the soul . How does that help to decode this stuff ? Like you said before , Perception stains reality . What if ... The defiant pupil is a signifier That the way the animals see the world is now changing ? It 's affecting how they interpret what they see . What used to be a friend is now an enemy . And because of this , Their behavior is changing . What if that 's What my father had discovered , and he thought That the only way to change them back Was to remove their eyes . He couldn 't blind every animal in the world . No . I mean , of course not . Right ? That 's-that 's just ridiculous . Only a crazy person would ... The radiation on the island seemed to accelerate The horses ' violent behavior . Equine number 12 ( woman shouts ) At one point attacked my assistant ... ( screaming ) ... Biting her hand , Removing two fingers . At this point , i had enough . ( door buzzes ) Ten minutes . Then i get to watch you eat your last meal . What 'd you ask for ? Fish sticks . ( low snarling ) ( chuckles ) Jackson ? What is it ? ( chuckles softly ) I remember this day . We were in western mass . We 'd gone to go observe a family of deer . You see ? A joyful piece of your father still remains . Yeah . Alongside the guy who thought He could blind all of god 's creatures . It 's quiet . Why isn 't ... The meter has stopped working . ( rapid ticking ) That can 't be good . ( helicopter blades whirring in distance ) ( speaks indistinctly ) Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! We 're here ! Let 's go , mr . Oz , mr . Kenyatta ! Who are you ? There will be time to answer your questions , but first We must get you out of here . Quickly , s 'il vous plaît . You do realize we just traveled halfway around the world Because some random french guy asked us to , right ? Anything 's better than that christmas bar . Jackson oz , Abraham kenyatta , Dr. Mitch morgan and jamie campbell . I know you all have many questions , But if you 'll please take a seat . I know this was difficult , but i 'd like to think At least it brought you some small measure of closure . It didn 't . Thank you for coming , ms . Blanchard . Damn shame to go and get murdered When you got that fine thing waiting at home . ( chuckles ) ( growling ) No , no , no , no ! Aah ! ( growling ) ( screaming ) Deputy , help ! Deputy ! Aah ! ( alarm ringing ) ( growling ) aah ! Officer ( over pa ) : Warning- - the front gate has been breached . The prison is locked down . Get out of here ! Get out of here ! ( growling ) ( shouting ) Okay , this is weird . Yeah . What exactly are we waiting for ? Monsieur ... Delavane . Greetings . I apologize for all the cloak and dagger . ( wolves growling , people shouting ) Delavane : The four of you Are here because your suspicions Over these last few weeks are correct . You are all aware of lion killings In botswana and los angeles . But there have also been a series Of dog attacks in slovenia . And in japan , hundreds of bats swarmed a plane And brought it down into the ocean . ( growling ) ( gasps ) In jakarta , three sumatran rhinoceros Turned over an suv belonging To a family of norwegian tourists . The rhinos waited for the family- - Father , mother , two children- - ( shrieking ) to exit the vehicle And then trampled them . In wuppertal , germany , Six brown bears came out of the kothen forest , Making their way to a playground in mid-afternoon . The massacre that followed left Seven children dead and another 14 injured . Taken individually , Each of these incidents can just Be seen as a horrific , Tragic event . ( screaming ) ( alarm ringing ) delavane : I believe ... Prisoner : No ! ... They are evidence of something else . Close the door ! Jackson : And what is that , exactly ? The global pandemic your father believed Was about to emerge . It appears ... It has arrived . Sorry- - his father ? Professor robert oz . ( alarm ringing ) ( growling ) Help me ! Mitch : We 're all here because You believe that The scientific theories of a notorious crackpot Are now coming to pass ? Watch yourself , scrawny . Mitch morgan , as advertised . This is all very interesting And definitely disturbing , But none of this proves anything . Certainly not the coming of the animal apocalypse . ( alarm ringing ) ( screaming ) That 's why i had monsieur alves Bring the five of you together . Five ? I count four . Gaspard : This is chloe tousignant . She will also be working with you . Hello . Ms. Tousignant Will function as my proxy . ( alarm ringing ) Come on , come on , Open up ! Delavane : As my eyes And my ears . Every decision that is made will go through her . Ms. Tousignant ... Is in charge . ( alarm ringing ) ( other wolves howling ) Something is most assuredly going on out there . All we want Is for you to figure out what it is . ( alarm ringing , wolves howling ) Before it 's too late . ( wolves howling ) Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
