 Previously on defiance ... May i ask what business you have in defiance ? I 'm going to kill all the humans And burn the disgusting place to the ground . You and your wife will act as my saboteurs , Destroying defiance from within . My mom and dad , they 're working as spies for the vc . [ grunting ] Go ! Go ! ( amanda ) datak tarr , you 've been found guilty of high treason . You are sentenced to die . This town will turn on us If they learn you 're protecting a spy . You 're more trouble than you 're worth . [ gasps ] [ screams ] Eat it . [ dramatic music ] We might just have the beginnings of a strike force . We 'll take the battle to rahm tak , Catch him with his pants down . Why is the amazing goddess not fighting by their side ? My daughter is not capable of picking up a weapon . - I have to go back . - No , not today . The endgame is coming , my friends . In a few days , we will ride into defiance . Our indogene lieutenant , bebe , has assumed a human face And has tunneled in beneath the stasis nets . ¶ ¶ [ exotic music ] ¶ ¶ [ speaking native language ] [ gentle music ] [ creaking ] [ breathing heavily ] [ groans ] Isn 't that rahm 's spy ? ( bebe ) so it is . Too bad it had to end like this . Come on . Targets have entered the needwant . Is the sphere online ? Fully operational . Well , let 's do this . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ He was brave in the end . Datak tarr ? [ scoffs ] Yeah , well , he chose to suffer on the rack , to atone . I hope it works for him . I hope it makes him right with his god . I hope his god shoves a giant lightning bolt up his ass . [ chuckles ] i 'm not saying i forgive him . I 'm just saying that he was brave . Braver than his wife . Braver than berlin ? [ sighs ] I don 't want to talk about her . You two got pretty close while i was gone . I just expected more from her . When the e-rep fell apart , she was lost . I gave her a badge . I let her into my life . I treated her like a sister . Well , that was your first mistake . Kenya would have never run . [ panicked chatter ] [ gunfire ] Drop the weapon , lawkeeper . Eject the mag , and slide the gun over . They 're gonna kill us anyway . Just shoot him . Shoot through me if you have to . They 're wearing body armor . Wouldn 't work . Votans , stay in the back . Humans , on your knees behind the bar , Fingers interlaced behind your head . Move ! Faster ! We have an important message for you all . [ device beeps and whirs ] People of defiance , as you no doubt know , I am general rahm tak of the votanis collective . Sorry about the mess , But i need mayor amanda to understand that i am serious . Do you understand that i 'm serious ? Can you see me ? Age of miracles , huh ? I have a proposition for you , amanda , And i wish to make it in front of witnesses . The war is over . The humans lost . The butcher of yosemite lost . My demands are simple : Drop the stasis nets . Let me in . In return , i will allow the humans Safe passage to find a new home . You 're lying . If i drop the nets and send the humans through bissel pass , You will pick them off like a turkey shoot . Ah , i would love nothing more Than to get all the pink-meats into one spot , And pew-pew-pew . But i won 't . - Why not ? - Because i 'm a rational man . A bloodless coup protects the lives of my soldiers And keeps you from setting this town on fire to spite me . You plan to live here ? It 's the perfect home base With the perfect security measures . After you 've left , i will turn defiance valley Into a training camp where no one will dare oppose me . If the price of that is setting some humans free , then so be it . Half of you will die in the badlands Without me lifting a finger . So it 's either that , or the humans die one by one . [ gunshot ] [ all scream ] So what do you say ? It 's the best deal you 're gonna get . We will fight you to the bitter end . We may not win , But we will make your victory an unbelievably costly one . I just hope you have the balls to show up , So i can shoot them off . [ laughs ] funny joke . - Shoot the hostages . - No ! [ gunfire ] Shoot him ! Nice shooting , tex . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ Kindzi ? Are you here ? We both know your father showed poor judgment By strangling you . That much is clear . [ gasps ] I 'd love the opportunity to Ask him to apologize . I 'd like to apologize as well . [ gasps ] [ suspenseful music ] ¶ ¶ How did they get through the stasis nets ? No idea . But we have to be better . Hey , tex . - You 're good in a fight . - Thanks . - Got a name ? - Christopher beckman . Appreciate the assist . Where you from ? I 'm just heading south looking for mercenary work . I ran security for an aps transport , Smuggling cargo across the shipton desert . That 's a rough haul . [ chuckles ] It 's not for the faint of heart , i can tell you that . Look , i 'm just gonna come out and say this . I know this isn 't your fight , but- - You don 't have to convince me . What happened here , it was wrong . These people deserve justice . You can count me in . Thank you . Alak , get the militia together , Get them gathered in darby square In the next 20 minutes . We 're going hunting . Come on , kid . Let 's get moving . Yeah , right , sorry . Show beckman around , make sure he 's geared up . Hey . I 'm alak . Beckman . Have we met before ? Not that i know of , But i guess us humans all look alike to you , huh ? No , that 's not what i meant . Relax , kid , i 'm just having fun . Let 's go meet this militia of yours . I heard . What do you want to do ? I want to fight . I have to . What if you panic , freeze up again ? I won 't . I should have killed rahm when i had a chance . It would have changed everything . Look , about that , I think i rode you pretty hard . I never took into account your feelings about new york , Tommy . I guess what i 'm trying to say Is that as a father , i 've had better moments . Did you actually just apologize ? Let 's just put it down to me getting soft in my old age . Militia 's assembling in darby square . Why don 't you get your ass down there and report ? And , kiddo ? You didn 't give up . I 'm proud of you . [ door opens and closes ] Citizens of defiance , As you 've probably heard , This morning our town was attacked by v.C. Terrorists . Both gunmen were killed . Tragically , so were ten innocent citizens . People you may know . Friends , parents , siblings , spouses . We don 't know how the gunmen entered our town ... Let 's go ! ( amanda ) or how many are currently hiding among us . At this moment , lawkeeper nolan is organizing a manhunt To identify and neutralize the votanis collective infiltrators . Citizens ... We 're not really open , sir . - I 'm hungry . - Haven 't you heard ? The v.C. Shot up the needwant . Pancakes , i think . With fruit . ( amanda ) at risk of being destroyed . As the lawkeeper 's militia is searching for these criminals , I need the streets clear . I am issuing a mandatory lockdown for the entire town . If you are home , please stay there . If you are out , you need to get yourself to the nearest building And stay indoors Until i announce it 's safe to venture outside again . This is for your own protection . It will ensure that you are not hit by friendly fire And will aid our militia in seizing our enemies . No , no ! [ gunfire ] - The shots came from that way . - All right , you , with me . - Let 's go . [ gunfire ] That came from carter street . You two , go . Come on . [ gasps ] [ speaking native language ] [ speaking native language ] [ growling ] [ screaming ] Are you gonna kill us ? No . But the stories ... Old stories . You 're safe now . Thank you , omec . You saved my children . You did that with your teeth ? I had no other weapon . You did good here . You could do more . I told you already . We need you . This is not my fight . Kindzi ? Nefkitso . This is our family . I wanted you to see them . Once we have re-powered our ship , we will wake them up . Do you want to know what will happen after that ? We will conquer the earth and enslave you all , Do with you what we wish , Feed upon your delicate flesh On a glorious dread harvest . Why are you telling me all of this ? Now that you know our secrets , My father will be forced to kill you . [ clicking ] [ gasps and grunts ] What did she see ? [ speaking native language ] Is it true ? I have lost one home planet , And i will be thrice-damned before i lose another . Is it true ? For a time , i intended to take this planet And claim it for our people . And now ? I have seen many things in defiance and its people . Things that i admire . Our path has changed to one of inclusion . She is dangerous . Kindzi will never accept peace . If you truly desire an accord with the people of earth , She must be stopped . Stopped how ? That is not for me to say , But it does need to happen . I am fond of you , stahma , But we are not a team . You are not omec . Don 't ever threaten my daughter . I shame myself . False casti humility does not suit you . Nor does willful ignorance suit you . I think we should both aim higher . Tread lightly , little castithan . Tread lightly . [ sighs ] Anything that might help us find their accomplices ? The omec said that we would be safe now . Is that true ? Course it is . You 're gonna be just fine . Found something . Was in his coat . What is it ? It 's a map of the town . They didn 't come in over the mountain . They tunneled in . ( nolan ) all right . Alpha team moves in from the west , Hits that camp with m-19s , And smokes rahm 's troops south by southwest Towards the tree line and the snipers . What do we got ? Me and zero on the ridge , Rest of baker along the tree line . - Good job . - Stop . I 've heard enough . No . No ? No , i want this tunnel sealed up from this side . We 'll hunt down whoever 's left in town , And we 'll live to fight another day . We 're badly outnumbered . This is our chance to take the fight to him , To take him by surprise . [ hailer chirps ] Alak . What do you got ? It 's 2 , maybe 3 miles long . It 's all clear out here . ( nolan ) nothing suspicious ? No booby traps ? - I 'm still in one piece . - All right . I want you to lay up somewhere safe , keep your eyes open . You spot any v.C. , chirp me a warning . Will do . - And , alak ? - Yeah ? Took guts to volunteer . Good job . Thanks . This is the closest thing to a guarantee we 're gonna get . No , it 's a huge risk . So was crossing the delaware , but washington was game . [ sighs ] - All right , do it . - All right . Bring that son of a bitch down . All right , beckman , you 're up front with me and irisa . Zero and dell , barnes are next and my three emc guys . After that , we 're gonna go with squads one through four . Amanda , you 're gonna take the remainder of the troops . You 're gonna surround the building . Nobody gets in or out . - Anything suspicious at all ... - Chirp your hailer . Good luck . Okay , everybody , bring it in . No . I don 't want him in there . It 's not your choice . You 're staying with me . I 'm going . Just be careful . Always . All right , everybody . Come on in . We get down there , stay alert . Check your equipment , then check the equipment Of the trooper next to you . We 're gonna be moving in fours , so we want clear lines of fire . We 're gonna move slowly , We 're gonna move by the numbers , and safely . And remember , I chose each and every one of you for a reason . Together , we 're gonna make defiance proud . All right , let 's line ' em up . Move out . [ gasps ] Sorry , sorry . This is all new to me . Keep it down . It 's okay . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ Everyone , hold position here until you get my signal . You 're with me . ¶ ¶ Go . ¶ ¶ ( ranikar ) what is it ? ( bebe ) i heard something . Stay here . I 'm gonna go check in with nolan . Hold your position . Do not come forward under any circumstance . All right , let 's go . [ twig snaps ] Beckman , i told you to hold position in the tunnel . [ gasps ] [ grunting ] [ gasping ] [ grenade beeping ] No . No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! [ panting ] [ groans ] You stupid pink-skin . [ grunting ] Thank you for leading your men to slaughter . Your head will make a wonderful trophy for rahm . [ grunting ] [ screams ] [ somber music ] ¶ ¶ [ speaking native language ] [ screams ] [ breathing heavily ] [ groans ] ( irisa ) you just gonna stand there ? Amanda was right . If we had just blown our end of the tunnel , They 'd all still be alive . You gambled . If it had worked , you 'd be a hero . Yeah , but it didn 't , so what does that make me ? They trusted me , they followed me , And now they 're dead because of me . You didn 't kill them . Rahm tak did . You can carry that weight on your shoulders , But it doesn 't make it right . That 's what you 've been telling me all along , right ? Nice try , kid . You get yourself some rest . Nolan , we 've got trouble . What is it ? Rahm tak is setting up camp right outside the stasis nets . He 's trying to squeeze us . It 's a blockade . I 've got an idea . Speak . If it works , it 's a surefire way to destroy rahm and his army . But there 's a catch . What ? It 's a suicide mission . Still listening . A stasis net is comprised of tenser particles . When chained together , they 're stable And can form an impenetrable barrier . If you use a device to reverse the electromagnetic charge , The tenser particles unhook and explode . Same principle used in the net cutter . Gold star for cowboy guy . Rahm tak has done us an enormous favor By setting up his camp next to a gigantic bomb . If we can contain and focus the force of the explosion- - Say , using a localized singularity field , then- - We can blow him to hell . And you get a sticker that says " teacher 's pet . " See me after class . I can throw together a targeting device . It 's small , so i can surgically implant it Into the volunteer 's forearm . Into my forearm . It 's nonmetallic , and it will be invisible to the scanners . So you 'll talk your way into rahm tak 's camp , And when you 're dead center , I 'll blow the nets remotely . Bye-bye , rahm tak . Bye-bye , army . And bye-bye , nolan . Unacceptable . - It 's necessary . - No . I 'm not letting you throw your life away . If this plan fails , I need you alive to decide whatever plan b is . There is no plan b . There 's always a plan b . You know , put the gizmo in my arm . ( both ) no . - Yes . If it fails , i become a martyr . You can use it to bring humans and votans together . That 's the most ridiculous idea . - No , we 're not doing it . - I 'm not arguing about this . You guys are ignoring the obvious . You should be resting . Rahm tak knows we 're desperate . He 's expecting a trick . The minute he sees either of you coming , He 'll have a sniper pick you off from half a mile away . And who do you think can get close enough ? Only one person i know of . [ speaking native language ] ( amanda ) drink . [ coughing ] How nice to see you . Rahm tak has stripped you of everything . Alak and your grandson Have to bear the burden of the tarr family name For the rest of their lives . Why are you here ? I 'm offering you a chance at redemption . And stahma ? She 's still missing . But if she turns up alive , I will pardon her crimes , as i will pardon yours . Posthumously . Ah , there 's the catch . Rahm tak 's men shot alak . We almost lost him . Now , i 'm giving you a chance to kill rahm tak , A chance to save defiance , A chance to save your son and your grandson . Will you help us ? I could not be prouder of you . I hope i can live up to your example . I 've seen all i need to . Let 's go . He 's through . Re-engage the nets . [ device humming ] Someone 's heading this way . ( rahm ) shoot ' em in the head . I think it 's datak tarr . What ? No . Should we take him out ? Uh-uh . He 's got me curious . [ dramatic music ] ¶ ¶ [ speaking native language ] ( nolan ) well , they didn 't shoot him . He 's clean . Welcome home , lover boy . I think he 's in , But i can 't be sure . Blow the nets . Blowing the nets . Tenser particles will hit critical mass In four minutes and counting . [ computer beeping ] Little working class These days , aren 't you ? [ laughter ] The shaming rack is a great equalizer . What diluted form of the shaming ceremony Are they practicing in defiance ? Your arms and legs seem curiously attached . [ laughter ] They cut me down to send me here With the mayor 's surrender terms . Why you ? They assumed you 'd shoot whomever came out . Honestly , i 'm surprised you didn 't . Call me a sentimental old fart . These surrender terms are garbage . I 'm not gonna draw back , I 'm not going to provide a hostage , And i 'm not going to negotiate . You go back , and you tell amanda Her only option is to drop the nets . What are you still doing here ? Go . I 'd like to stay . I kidnapped your son . I beat you senseless . I got you put on a shaming rack . If i let you stay , You will try to kill me the first time i turn my back . Your reputation for shrewdness is clearly well deserved . But i promise you , general , I am a broken man , Coming to you in my hour of need . Granted , i like the humility . It pleases me . But i am not in a position To take any chances With victory so close at hand . May i prove my loyalty ? I will require my charge blade . [ laughter ] You want me to arm you ? [ scoffs ] i don 't quite see the joke . I 'm fighting for my life , general . There is no joke . You ... You push my buttons , you know that ? [ orchestral music ] ¶ ¶ Watch him . [ computer beeps ] The shaming rack would have ripped My four limbs from my body . You have rescued me from this fate . Therefore , my body is yours . [ all murmuring ] Including my good left arm . [ all yelling ] Holy crap ! That is some gangster-ass shit ! Oh ! [ yelling ] ( rahm ) i am impressed ! Wow ! - I think he 's in , right ? ( all ) yeah ! I mean , on a probationary basis . Thank you , favi tak . May i take a moment alone ? The pain is tremendous . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Don 't go too far . Oh , my god ! Crazy-ass haint ! This is definitely going in the collection , right ? [ laughs ] wait , wait a minute . There 's something in here . [ the doors when the music 's over playing ] [ computer beeping ] ¶ yeah ! ¶ Oh , shit . [ overlapping shouting ] ¶ ¶ ¶ when the music 's over ¶ ¶ when the music 's over , yeah ¶ ¶ when the music 's over , turn out the lights ¶ ¶ turn out the lights ¶ ¶ turn out the lights ¶ ¶ well , the music is your special friend ¶ ¶ dance on fire as it intends ¶ ¶ music is your only friend ¶ ¶ until the end ¶ ¶ until the end ¶ ¶ until the end ¶
