 Previously on stitchers ... I found an old picture that ed left for me . He wrote the word " remember " on the back . Cameron : Remember what ? You hooked up with linus ? The world needs more people like you . - Did you leak the code ? - I was having breakfast with leslie turner . He 's the director of the agency . - Cameron : It has to be marta . - Maggie : Then find her . You 're gonna be safe now . The stitchers program was created to help people . They turned us into grave robbers . What do i tell her when she asks what our $ 8 billion Program is really designed to do ? Whatever you want ... As long as it 's not the truth . - ( sirens wailing ) - i have to protect you . I have to save you . Put the gun down ! Drop the gun ! ( birds chirping ) ( birds chirping ) How are you doing ? I 'm doing . How about you ? Me ? Yeah . How are you doing ? It 'd actually help me to know . Well , i wish marta was still alive ... So i can finish asking her About the things she told me . What 'd she tell you ? That i 'm not safe , That the stitch cases we handle are test runs for something bigger , And that i , and possibly all of us , are being used . And if something goes wrong , We may be in danger . I 'm pretty sure if marta knew the stitchers program had Some secret nefarious purpose , She would 've found a way to have left me a message for , You know , when she was gone . Hi , kirsten . I 'm sorry that i had to leave you . But i want you to know that even though I 'll be gone for a while , i 'm watching out for you . - So , tonight 's story is sleeping beauty ... - ( bed creaks ) What are you doing in my bed ? What are you doing with a walkman ? Listening to the tape you found in ed 's cassette player . Can we bring this episode of roommates without borders - To an end now ? - ( tape continues playing ) Why are you listening to that right now ? It 's something cameron said after marta 's funeral . ( sighs ) - Great rejoicing ... - Why are you still in my bed ? ( sighs ) okay . Because ... I was wondering if maybe you wanted to talk about your feelings About what happened to marta . I 'm good . Well , is it okay if i talk about my feelings ? I 'm good . - The spindle ... - Can you go back to your room now ? I 'm good . ( beeping from earphones ) Wait , what is that ? ( beeping continues ) It 's the same sequence of turns over and over . Like some kind of message . ( theme music plays ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ Is there a problem ? No . I 'm just having a hard time understanding something . You 've come to dr . Linus for advice . - Well , i 'm flattered . - Cameron is busy . - Oh . - Ed clark left this for me . It has a sequence of tones on it . Do you think you could try and decipher them for me ? " do or do not . There is no try . " - Yoda . - Okay , - I think i 'm gonna see if cameron is free- - - no , no , no , no . - I can do it . - You sure ? I have a close working relationship with our quantum computer . What i don 't have , though , is a cassette player . ( alarm ringing ) Now you do . Before we get started i want to say something . In this lab we deal with death all the time , But when it hits this close to home , Death can leave us with a lot of questions . Now , i know we 're all a bit raw after what happened with marta , So i promise you that our search for answers will continue , But right now we have a job to do . Camille . Dani fox , 26 . She was a researcher For a privately funded medical study ran by a dr . Sebastian zuber . It 's a promising new treatment in traumatic brain injury . Dani apparently lost control of her car And slammed into a concrete wall . Car is only a few weeks old . There 's no evidence of a mechanical malfunction . Maybe she had a stroke or a heart attack . Or it could 've been suicide by acceleration . So we investigate car crashes now ? As with all things , we do as we 're told . Cameron : Dani fox is loaded in . Stations , everyone . Any luck with the tones ? Even yoda can 't deliver that fast . Okay stretch , fish tank is a toasty 98 degrees . - Time for a dip . - Can 't wait . Cameron : Let 's dim the lights for a little atmosphere . Okay . I need a go , no-go for stitch neurosync . - Life-sci ? - We are a go . - Sub-bio ? - Go . - Engineering ? - Go . - Communications ? - We are good to go . - Medical ? - Her vitals are good . Go . Okay penny priddy , remember , wherever you go , there you are . What does that even mean ? Don 't be a buzzkill . Initiate stitch neurosync on my mark . Three , two , one ... Mark . ( beeping ) Cameron : Where are ya ? Downtown l.A. Dani just wrote a check to some woman . You won 't be sorry . And don 't worry , your secret is safe with me . Whatever it 's for , she doesn 't want anyone to know . I am in some sort of room ... Um ... Could be a spa Or a- - a dentist office . Maybe it 's where dani worked . Wha- - why a spa ? Because there 's a chair here With some kind of electronic halo over it . All done , jane . Relax . Uh- - they just finished it . A treatment- - uh , dani and dr . Zuber . - There 's some improvement in her neural patterns . - Mm-hmm . But not what we hoped . Hey . You did great . The treatment went very well . Zuber really cares for his patients . I 'm in dani 's house . She has a roommate . On it . Why do you always do that ? - Do what ? - Hide whatever you 're working on . I wouldn 't understand it anyway . I 'm sorry . Whatever . Camille : Dani 's roommate is her sister . Nicole fox , 24 . Kirsten : I don 't think they get along too well . Why not ? Because whatever is on dani 's laptop , She doesn 't want nicole to see . Did you move me ? I 'm back at the institute . I didn 't do a thing . Memories must be pulling you . Focus , george ! We have a problem . No , you have a problem . She 's arguing with a colleague . The results are incremental at best . Maybe you 're expecting too much . Dani : We need more test subjects . The grant committee needs to see real progress Or we 'll never make it to phase two . I am being pulled all over the place . Do you understand what 's going on here ? Calm down , dani . You were right to stay the course . - Where are you now ? - In the lobby . Kirsten : Dani is with sebastian zuber . She 's very upset . L- - look , there 's great improvements across the board . This study must be dani 's most emotionally charged memory . Wow . I guess i underestimated our success . These are amazing . I 'm with dani in her car now ... ( beeping , steering wheel locks ) ... Which is acting really weird . ( car beeps and accelerates ) ( screams ) It wasn 't her fault . She couldn 't control the car . It had a catastrophic failure of some kind . That 's odd for a new car . Then let 's ask it what happened . The computers in the newer cars are like the black boxes on planes . They can tell exactly what caused the malfunction . You know an awful lot about cars . Well , i spent my weekends in high school Working at an auto shop . I bussed tables at my uncle 's restaurant . - I studied . - I also studied . Adorable . ( computer buzzing ) Whoa . What happened ? Someone remotely hacked into the car 's computer And took control of it . So dani 's crash wasn 't an accident . Dani fox and sebastian zuber got a $ 4 million grant From the lanwell foundation . Do you like eating out of a carton ? 'cause you know , i got you a plate . Food tastes the same either way . Their hypothesis is that deep trans-cranial magnetic stimulation Can speed up recovery from brain injuries . That is why you need a plate . Kirsten : That 's what i saw in their lab . They built it themselves . You know , we should go talk to dani 's sister , See if she knows anything about it . Y- - you might want to wipe off your shirt Before your dinner leaves a stain . You could 've told me sooner . ( scoffs ) Now it 's time to play how is this my fault ? ( knocking ) Come in . Oh hey , janice- - Oh ! What was that for ? Lying about getting me groceries . You knew it was that poor guy From downstairs who got shot . Yeah- - i 'm sorry . I was- - i was Trying to tell you , but i didn 't get the chance . Really ? Really ? But you 're right . I should 've made it more clear that it wasn 't me . I suppose that also wasn 't you spying on me from your window ? Actually , that was someone else , too . I hope you feel good knowing you freeloaded Off a good man 's good deed . Very nice ... Oh ! I 'm cameron . Cameron . And to think i almost slept with you . But- - Wait ... Was that- - did she just ? Twice . - ( linus and camille gasp ) - find out anything ? Yeah . You can take a hit . - You know what i mean . - Okay . Yes . It 's surprisingly easy to hack into a car 's computer . All you have to do is hook up a small receiver to the system . It can be controlled from anywhere . - Seriously ? - Linus and camille : Mm-hmm . Um , hello . Hello . - You going somewhere ? - To talk to dani 's sister . - You coming ? - Make yourselves at home . Stay out of the bedroom . Cameron : I 'm so sorry to hear about your sister . We came by to pay our respects . I appreciate that . How did you know dani ? Through her work at the institute . Sorry about the mess . I haven 't had a chance to clean up since the accident . That 's right- - you 're a baker . - Dani told me . - Really ? I didn 't think dani cared . I 'm sure she did . It 's nice of you to come . Dani didn 't have any friends . She was so devoted to her research . With dr . Zuber ? She was psyched to be working with him . Health study was her passion , Even though it totally stressed her out . It seemed like things got pretty intense The past month , but she would never talk to me about it . She probably didn 't think i 'd understand . Dani was the brain in the family . I 'm just the kid sister with the silly hobby . You know , i thought she seemed kind of troubled too , recently . Do you think it was just about work ? Dani was only about work . She lived for it . This place is nice . I mean , you know , no stitch lab but still . Dani really lived for her work . Maybe too much- - i really felt that . Stitcher , heal thyself . I saw him in dani 's memory . Uh , excuse me , Do you know where we could find dani fox ? Why are you looking for dani ? Well , we- - we were supposed to meet her for lunch with sebastian zuber . You haven 't heard . Heard ? Dani- - she died in a car crash last night . Oh- - yeah , no . We had no idea . Do you think we could speak with dr . Zuber ? Dr. Zuber isn 't coming in today . Police wanted to talk to him about dani . Call next week . I 'm sure you can understand he needs time to process this tragedy . I think george lied to us . That 's zuber . - Dr . Zuber- - - please not now . I 'm so sorry about dani . - You knew dani ? - Yes . She said she could help me . - Help you ? - With my brain . ( whispering ) it looks like a dentist chair on steroids . I hate going to the dentist . - Sorry , i didn 't catch that ? - Oh . I was just admiring- - Oh , the transcranial magnetic stimulator . Dr. Zuber : Please , please . Dani ... Dani was the life force of this project . How long did you know her ? I just met her last weekend . Yeah , she wanted to help everybody , But maybe i can help you now . Uh , george ... So why don 't you start By just telling me a little bit about yourself . - George will take notes . - ( kirsten sighs ) Where should i start ? When- - when did the injury occur ? About 15 years ago when i was eight . My mother and i were in a car accident . And what happened to your mother ? She died in the crash . Dr. Zuber : I 'm really sorry to hear that . And how does the injury affect you now ? Memory loss . I don 't remember anything From before i was eight . All right then . Do you have any problems making new memories ? No , no . Not- - not that i can think of . Are these questions absolutely necessary ? I need her to tell me whatever she can . Dr. Zuber is right . I have been told that i have no filter And that i am not great at expressing emotions . Well , you are her friend . Is that true ? Cameron : Pretty much . Well , my treatment is still in the trial phase , But dani believed we were right on the verge of success . Are you open for a session ? Absolutely . Thank you , dr . Zuber . Please , you 're a friend of dani 's- - call me sebastian . Hey george , could we please set up a time for tomorrow ? ( ding ) Huh . I see you got my message . Yeah . And in the history of bad ideas , This ranks just above the $ 2 bill and jeggings . We need access to dani 's life . Most of it was in that lab and in her office- - it 's my only way in . But when the good doc figures out that you 're faking a brain injury , then what ? He won 't . Before she died , Dani confronted zuber- - there was something wrong with the study . Something worth killing her for . The only way to find out what 's going on in that lab Is a private session with zuber , Unless anyone has any better ideas . Fine . I will allow it ... Under one condition . Linus : Did you guys see the death stare That kirsten gave maggie when she told her she had to wear a wire ? And maggie was just looking out for her . Okay . By hearing what 's going on in there , We 'll be able to know if kirsten is in trouble . The agency really outdid itself . We 've got a backscatter x-ray infotech , An infrared vibration receiver , Oh , and this baby here It 's called a blowfish . Linus : It acts like a cell phone tower . Pinpoint the location of any phone that tries to ping it . Okay . Can you stop playing around ? Camille : Too bad you didn 't have all this - When you were spying on janice . - Oh ! - ( scoffs ) - too soon ? Kirsten : Test one ... We got ears , everybody . I hope you guys can hear me . This thing really itches . I 'm sorry for keeping you waiting , ms . Clark . Um , you 've met my research assistant , george adler . - Yes . - I 'll be taking notes As dr . Zuber does the evaluation . Uh ... Evaluation ? It 's something we use to see If you 're a potential candidate for the program . Did dani help you build that ? Yes , she did . Now , ms . Clark , tell me about The car accident you had when you were eight . I don 't remember the accident or anything before the accident . Well , tell me about the earliest memories you do recall . She doesn 't remember anything before the age of eight ? - Shh ! - Waking up and being Told that my mother was dead ... And feeling nothing , because i didn 't know who she was . Dr. Zuber : You don 't remember your mother ? What about your father ? I remember him dropping me off With his friend ed and never coming back for me . How long did you and dani work together for ? You seem very focused on dani 's work . Well , i- - i find what you do fascinating . Or maybe talking about dani is a way Of avoiding your own pain . I 'm not really in any pain . Are you sure ? I mean , it couldn 't have been easy as a child . Of course not . It sucked . And not being able to express or access my emotions And always feeling alone and out of sync , Not to mention getting lost doing simple things Like homework or brushing my teeth . Did you and dani share responsibility for all the work ? Yes , we did . But please , let 's stay on topic . I 'm sorry . This is kind of part of the no- - no filter thing . Well , can you tell me how you 've coped with your condition ? I have had excellent doctors and therapists , And ed devised tricks to help me function as an independent person . I mean , i still have trouble comprehending Emotional and social cues , but i- - i think i 'm getting better at it . You know , i owe ed so much . I loved him like a father . Dr. Zuber : Well , it 's important for people like you To have a good support system of friends . And tell me about the young man who was with you here yesterday . Oh , cameron ? Dr. Zuber : Is he your boyfriend ? Oh , no . No . He- - he 's nobody . Well , you 're a very interesting case , ms . Clark . Now if- - if you 're up for it , i 'd like to begin some initial Treatments with you today . No ! What ? No ! No way ! Yeah ! Let 's do it . Did she just say yes ? Dr. Zuber : Great ! Well , let me show you how this thing works . Kirsten : Will i feel anything ? You won 't feel a thing . It 's perfectly safe and painless . How are we feeling , ms . Clark ? ( exhales ) a little nervous , dr . Zuber . Oh , it 's okay . Just take a deep breath And try and relax . I 'm going to be stimulating parts of your brain Which make and store memories . You may feel emotions and experience memories You haven 't in a long time . Whatever it takes to get better . You ready to start ? Yeah . ( machine whirring ) Kirsten : I feel a buzzing . Okay , we should stop her . Don 't worry . I gave kirsten a safe word . " help . " Oh , perfect . They won 't know what she means . Are you re-remembering something ? The car accident . It was so loud . It 's like an explosion . And windows all shattered and ... Suddenly we 're upside down . You 're re-experiencing post emotional and physical trauma . Is there anything else about the crash ? My head pounding . Broken glass all over me . My mom unconscious . Blood on her face . Wait ... Now there 's nothing . No . - How about now ? - ( machine whirring ) No . Wait ... My guardian ed said my father promised To come back for me , but he never did . Is that all ? Kirsten : No . He drank all the time . Yelled at me every day About being stuck with me , hating me . Maybe that 's why he abandoned me with ed . Okay . Keep- - keep going if you can . I know this is painful , but it 'll help you heal . She drank before the accident . I- - i think she crashed the car on purpose . - That 's horrible . - Did you know any of this ? I- - i mean , i knew about the accident . I didn 't know about her parents . I don 't think i can do this anymore . O- - okay , kirsten , i 'm just dialing it down . Dr. Zuber : Okay . Here . Yeah . Take a deep breath . Take a deep breath . - ( exhales ) - okay . - How do you feel ? - ( exhales ) I ... I think a little better . Does it always work this fast ? Well , to be honest , you 've responded quicker than any other subject . Wh- - what does that mean ? You 're a very special person . Kirsten , i 'm so sorry . - About what ? - We had no idea- - All that stuff about your parents and ed . Listen , i know it might be too soon to talk ... - Guys-- - but if you ever need To share your thoughts with someone , we 're here for you . Guys , i made most of it up . You said the car accident was true . Yeah , well that is , and that my father left Me with ed and never came back . But not the stuff about my parents Drinking or yelling at me . You lying minx ! I can 't believe i almost cried for you . - Wait , almost ? - Hey . Easy ! She had you going , too . Okay , well the important thing is she hooked sebastian . Yeah . He said that i responded faster than any of his other subjects . I mean , he didn 't even question it . Would you ? I mean , an anomaly in a research study ? - In a heartbeat . - He wants to believe it worked . Okay , well , what does this have to do with dani ? Kirsten : Well in the stitch , i saw dani trying to tell sebastian something . And whatever it was , he didn 't want to hear it . I think she was trying to tell him that their device doesn 't work . You were supposed to just talk to him . Not left him run a current through your head ! Well , i 'm glad i did , because now i know he 's a liar . He could 've turned your brain to mush . Zuber has millions of dollars in grant money And his reputation at stake . If he doesn 't get results , he 'll lost his funding . And if he turned up the juice too high , - We could have lost you . - Oh yes . I get it , Maggie- - i am a precious government asset . I am not as soulless as you think . I am here to look after you , Which includes stopping you from taking dangerous , Unnecessary , and quite frankly , stupid risks . Oh , you want to play mother , huh ? Fine . Why don 't you let me in on a family secret ? What 's the real purpose of the stitchers program ? ( sighs ) I suggest you take whatever marta said to you with a grain of salt . Marta is looking a lot like dani fox to me right now- - A bright , driven young woman who questioned her superiors and wound up dead . Which is not how you treat family . Les turner , please . So maggie tore you a new one , huh ? Yeah . She stonewalled me , Just like sebastian stonewalled dani . I mean , if we 're gonna solve murders , we 're gonna have to take risks . Speaking of risks , Your pal sebastian has been taking a few himself . - What do you mean ? - This is his most recent Published study- - everything checks out . The statistics , the data , the proper allowance For the hawthorne effect , i mean , the research is perfect . - So what 's the problem ? - It 's too perfect . The whole thing reads like a carefully orchestrated document Aimed at soliciting grant money . Which means you may be right about him faking his results . Well , hopefully i 'll get proof of that tonight . How ? We don 't have access to dani 's work computer . And that 's why we have to go back to zuber 's facility . You swiped that from the stitch lab ? Borrowed . To get me in . It 's too dangerous . Which is why you will all be in the van outside the institute . ( knocking ) ( knocking continues ) You 're not gonna hit me again , are ya ? I came to apologize . Look , i 'm sorry i called you a liar . This whole thing with your neighbor is really Upsetting and ... What do you say you and i start fresh ? You know , like a do-over . Okay . Yeah . That sounds great . Aren 't you going to invite me in or ... So are we going out or not ? ( clears throat ) I didn 't know you had company . - Who is she ? - Her ? She 's nobody . Camille : Kirsten , remember- - security guard 's name is wes . Hi , wes . I 'm in . - All right . She 's in . - Yes . We all heard her . I 'm just saying . ( buzzing ) I can 't get in to sebastian 's office . Trying dani 's next . ( sighs ) okay . - ( buzzing ) - i 'm going in . ( siren wails ) Uh , we got company . 5-0 is in the house . Cameron : Oh great . ( clamoring ) Uh , honey ? Honey ? Yeah , um ... I- - i gotta go . Okay . Um ... Evening , officer . Can i- - can i help ya ? You sure can- - by obeying the sign and moving your vehicle . ( laughs ) would you look at that ? I can 't believe i didn 't see that . Uh , sorry . I just ... Pulled over to dial my girlfriend and , you know , 'cause i didn 't want to text while driving And you know , certainly didn 't want to hit anyone . Someone 's got a problem with authority figure- - If it 's all right with you , i 'll just dial my woman One more time and then be on my way ? You see , what i 'd like you to do is move your vehicle . - Now ! - Yes ma 'am . Message received . 10-4 . ( laughs ) I 'm so sorry . ( engine revs ) Dani 's computer isn 't here . What are you doing in here ? I 'm calling security . I think sebastian killed dani fox . What ? Dani 's crash was an accident . No . Sebastian murdered her to stop her from exposing The truth about his bogus research results . That 's impossible . First , sebastian wouldn 't hurt a fly . Second , i went over those results myself . They 're totally accurate . And third , You even said that the treatment helped . I lied . I 'm sorry , But i- - i needed to see what he was doing . I can 't believe it . Are you sure ? Can you prove any of this ? I think the proof lives on dani 's computer , But i can 't access it from outside the building . I can help you . Come with me . Linus , what 's happening ? All i hear is static . We lost her when we circled the block . Well get her back . Fast . Dani insisted her computer stay off network So no one could access her research data . Dani was a smart woman . Yes . She was . I 'll log you in . So she never said anything to you ? No . But i knew something was upsetting her . - It 's all yours . - Thanks . Wait . I 'm still confused . How could dani 's accident have been murder ? Sebastian found a way to take over her car 's on-board computer And control it remotely- ( gasping ) - ( grunting ) - Signal is gone . - Where is she ? - I can 't find her . We have to go in . - Go in where ? She never told us where in the building she is . Hang on , hang on . The thing down there . - You called it a go fish ? - It 's a blowfish . Okay , whatever . It acts like a cell phone tower ? You 're a genius . What ? Come on ! - ( beeping ) - you 're a genius . George , you don 't have to do this . ( grunts ) I you hadn 't lied to us , we wouldn 't have to . We ? You brought this upon yourself . - You are a fraud . - Well , it takes one to know one . The treatment doesn 't work yet , At least not with the instant results like the ones you faked . That 's why you killed dani . She knew and you couldn 't risk her telling anyone . I 'm sorry about dani , but we were on the verge of a breakthrough . So you ... You embellished your research data to get more grant money . It 's the only chance my wife has . Your wife . That patient you 've been treating- - jane . She 's your wife . She fell off a ladder three years ago . Doesn 't know who i am . Well , i wonder if she would recognize who you are now . Now what ? Okay , now every hot cell phone in the area Will think this is a cell phone tower . We just need to wait for kirsten 's number to pop up . And then we need to find it . That 's my number and there 's the institute . Camille : Okay , only four cell phones inside are hot . - One by the front door ... - And three in the southwest corner ! Let 's go ! ( van door closes ) Last time you were in that chair I saw something different in your brainwave pattern , Something that i 've never seen before . You don 't have to do this . I 'll do whatever it takes to help my wife . ( machine whirring ) ( hissing ) ( sirens wailing ) ( waves crashing softly ) ( gasping ) Don 't- - don 't hurt me . - Talk to me , stretch . - ( breathing heavily ) You okay ? Dr. Frankenstein and igor are experimenting on you . You guys were supposed to be listening in . What took you so long ? - Oh yeah . She 's fine . - Really are you okay ? - Why do people always do that ? - What ? Ask if you 're okay when they know you 're okay . Come on . Let 's get out of here . Wait . No . No . I have to get something from dani 's office . We just heard what happened . Well , at least the police caught zuber . We ... We wanted you to have this . What is it ? It 's the lease for the store That dani rented for your bakery . Where did you get this ? Kirsten : It was on her desk at work . She had even written up a business plan And put away money for you . That 's what she was hiding . She wanted it to be surprise . She believed in you . You sure you 're all right ? Yeah . Never better . Okay , stretch . Get some rest . I 'll see you tomorrow . When zuber turned up the power on his contraption , I ... I saw things . Kirsten : Memories . Lots of them . Mostly from people that i 've stitched But also me ... When i was a kid . I was in water and i had an electrode harness on my head . Zuber pumped magnetic pulses through your brain . If you saw a monkey playing a tuba , i wouldn 't be surprised . Yeah . I suppose . - Thank you . - For what ? For not being a nobody . Camille ? Camille isn 't here . It 's so nice to finally meet you , kirsten . Where 's camille ? Last i 've heard , out with linus . How 'd you get in here ? My old friend ed clark once gave me a key to his house . And your right to use it ended When he died and it became my house . I 'm sorry . - May we talk ? - You know , Mr. Turner , it 's been a long day . And as perhaps you heard , i 'm kind of fried . ( scoffs ) And maggie said you didn 't have a sense of humor . Are you going to avoid my questions like maggie does ? Haven 't heard a question yet , But ask me one , and i 'll answer it . Marta said that the murder cases we handle Are test runs for something bigger , The real purpose of the program . Is that true ? Yes . Test runs for what ? I don 't know . I don 't believe that the director of a program Like this wouldn 't know its purpose . I understand , but it 's ... It 's common practice In the clandestine services . Is that what you call this ? The point is , no one single person In the agency knows everything- - even me . That 's how they keep the program safe . That 's how they keep us all safe . Like you kept us safe from marta . Marta 's betrayal ... Well , it came as a shock to me too . But that 's over now . I know you have questions , Doubts , But you need to trust that the people in your life That cared about you- - your mother , ed clark , And the people who care about you now- - Your team , maggie , myself , and the agency- - All have been and are working tirelessly to keep you safe . So ... We just keep doing what we 're doing ? Ask no questions until someone decides to let us in on the big secret ? Well , that 's ... That 's worked for me . I 'm not you . I know . Thanks for listening . Did ed clark commit suicide ? No . How did he die ? Protecting you . ( door closes ) ( alternative music playing ) " four letter word for inviable . " Safe . ( phone buzzing ) Linus , what ? - I 'm still in bed . - I 'm looking for kirsten . Do you know where she is ? She 's not answering her phone . Yeah . Hold on . Hey , sleeping beauty , wake up . - What ? - It 's linus . What , linus ? Are you really in bed with camille ? Are you really calling this early ? Those digital codes on the cassette that ed gave you- - Quantum computer figured them out . They 're map coordinates . Okay , seriously- - are you in bed with camille ? ( birds chirping ) ( sighs ) Ed ... What did you want me to remember ? It 's okay to be sad about what happened to your mom . Remember , you can even touch her picture if you want . - ( latch clicks loudly ) - ( gasps ) ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶
