 Abraham : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , Killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest All across the globe animals have decided : " no more . " And so we were hired , A team of people from different backgrounds , With different specialities : An expert in animal behavior , A journalist , Safari guide , Foreign intelligence agent , And a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , Why it 's happening , And how to stop it . Previously on zoo ... That 's a bat . Flying a little high , isn 't it ? And a little too early in the day . ( bats squeaking ) Do you have family ? I never asked . Yeah , we 're not close . As you can imagine , I 'm an acquired taste . Okay . Why are you in mississippi ? I believe that 's what you would call " classified . " You know , in america , we have this thing . It 's called inter-agency cooperation . Mm . You should try it sometime . Perhaps i will , but not tonight . Good night , agent shafer . ( growling , yelling ) ( indistinct shouting , man yelling ) ( alarm bell ringing ) ( wolves howling ) Over here ! Those are hartley 's clothes . Shafer : So where is evan lee ? Well , we 've been here for two days . And already , we 've discovered unusual bacteria Inside a wolf that 's behaving abnormally . That 's an accomplishment . Jamie : I found this . It 's his- - hartley 's . It was in his cell . I also found this . That evan lee hartley ? That 's my father . Jamie ( over phone ) : Anything yet ? You know what 's guaranteed to make this go faster , jamie ? You saying " anything yet " every 25 seconds . Okay . I know . I know . I know . But we 're running out of time . Mitch : Running out of time . I know . Here 's something . Evan lee hartley wrote this name All over his bible- - leo butler . Let me see . I can 't find anything to explain why He kept this picture Of him and my dad , but ... Leo butler here And here . Here . Who 's leo butler ? Hey , now . Jamie : What ? Wh-wh-what is it ? Looks like a type of alcanivorax bacteria . Kind they use to clean up oil spills , eats hydrocarbons . Okay , well , how did it wind up in the blood of a wolf ? The usual way . It went from a primary consumer All the way to a tertiary consumer . Professor , Remember your audience . I spent every one of my science classes Thinking about my english homework . The food web . Chain reaction . ¶ there was an old lady who swallowed a cat ¶ ¶ she swallowed the cat to catch the bird ¶ ¶ she swallowed the bird to catch the spider ... ¶ Mitch , look , we really got to get going . ¶ that wriggled and jiggled ¶ ¶ and tickled inside her ¶ ¶ she swallowed the spider to catch the fly ¶ ( bell ringing ) ¶ i don 't know why she swallowed the ... ¶ mitch did you hear that ? Jamie : Let 's go . Hang on a second . I think i got something . Mitch , we really got to go . Yup . On my way . ( door opens , chatter ) mitch , we are going to get caught . We have to get out of here right now . Mitch ! Move ! Hey . ( engine starts ) Slipping out without getting caught by the teacher . Takes me back . ¶ just show me the way ¶ ¶ to the next whiskey bar ... ¶ Oh , oui . ¶ oh , don 't ask why ... ¶ Yeah , once i increased the magnification , I saw a chemical signature . A string of benign molecules that Have no bearing on the bacteria whatsoever . Audience , mitch . Remember it . It means the bacteria was man-made . And it was signed by the chemist who created it . Then we need to talk to this chemist . Not that easy . Think of the signature as a ... A graffiti tag . I saw it , but i still have No idea who painted it on the wall . So we 're at a dead end . Not yet . I forwarded the signature to a guy i know at m.I.T. He might be able to come up with an i.D. For us . Pack your bags . We 're going to rio . ( laughing ) : I love this job . What 's in rio ? Chloe : You said if You could find out what all of These animals we 've encountered Have in common , you can maybe Find a way to figure out What 's happening . Well , You can add bats to your list . Bats . Chloe : Thousands of them swarming All over rio , in broad daylight . That 's weird , right ? What , the daylight thing ? Bats are nocturnal , but it 's not unheard of . Thousands of them though ? Yeah . ( phone chiming ) Oh . Excuse me , guys . Can i talk to you for a second ? I 'm not going to rio . Jackson ... I 'm going to find leo butler . You don 't know that butler is in any way connected To your father . And you don 't know that he 's not . That was my guy at m.I.T. He was able to i.D. The signature . It was a chemist Who used to work at ... Reiden global . Jamie : What ? I 'm sorry . The company that you all Keep telling me isn 't the root of all evil ? That reiden global ? Did you a get name ? I did . Leo butler . Leo butler ? Why ? You know him ? No . But i sure as hell want to . Okay , jackson , You stay here with jamie and you find This leo butler . The rest of us will go to rio . ( electronic bell dings ) Woman ( over p.A. ) : The pilot has Turned off the fasten-seatbelt sign . You 're free to roam about the cabin ... They can 't fly this high , you know . Bats . They can 't fly this high . You were flying at a much lower altitude When they came at you in japan , so nothing to worry about . At least until we start our descent . Meantime , In order to keep your mind off all things bat , I thought , uh , i 'd offer up some facts . Facts about what ? Facts about bats . Bat fact number one . ( sighs ) : Oh , god . Their , uh ... Their wings are actually webbed fingers . Bat fact number two : The phrase " blind as a bat " - - kind of a misnomer . I mean , they don 't see too well , but same can be said for Some of us , right ? Word on the street is That butler has been blackmailing reiden Ever since he went underground and dispersing the money To various charities , charities all over The world that give the money to people who 've been wronged By reiden . Are these internal reiden documents ? Yeah . I 've made some friends over the years . Bloggers . Hacktivists , people under the stairs . But they got us these . This is completely illegal . I like it . Okay , well , We have to find him . I 'm getting close . A guy 's got to live While he 's out there being robin hood , right ? It appears butler has been paying himself With a portion of the blackmail money- - Routing it through shell companies With p.O. Boxes all over the gulf coast . I think with a little time and some luck , I can get his actual address . Wow . This is ... This is good . ( knocking ) ( door opens ) Miss campbell . Agent shafer with the fbi . We met at the prison . Yes , of course . Agent shafer . I see what you did there . You , uh ... You said my name louder than necessary as if To alert somebody in your room of my presence . Yeah , my subterfuge game isn 't so tight . Shafer : Well , frankly , it 's terrible . How 'd you know we were here ? Ms. Tousignant asked me To keep her in the loop on the evan lee hartley manhunt . She told me where you 'd be staying . ( clears throat ) agent shafer . Please . Come in . Great . No . Jackson , i don 't think ... ( clears throat ) So , have you found him ? Hartley ? Uh , i didn 't say that . I implied it so you 'd let me in . See , his subterfuge game is tight . Well , i am a trained professional . What do you want ? What does reiden global have to do with the prison fire ? Why do you ask that ? Well , reiden was hacked yesterday , and somehow , Some of their documents found their way into Your e-mail address . How ... ? We have a Cyber crime division , you know . We 're good like that . So , first , i find you scam your way into a crime scene At a prison , and now , You 've hacked into reiden global . So , How about you tell me what you 're really up to ? ( sighs ) I have a friend at the brazilian intelligence agency . When we arrive in rio , she will brief us on the situation . Mitch : Sounds like a plan . ( electronic bell dings ) Proud to be part of it . Man : Ladies and gentlemen , We are beginning our descent into lovely rio de janeiro . ( people murmuring ) What is it ? All flight attendants , please return to your seats . ( bats squeaking ) Mitch : Bat fact number three : Apparently , it 's worse than we thought . ( bats squeaking ) Joey cut his hair . Can you believe that , henry ? ( whimpers softly ) oh . Here 's something about tristan . It says he has a black lab named esther . It 'd be fun to go out with a boy who had a dog . Or even a boy who didn 't have a dog . ( barking ) Okay . Good boy , henry . ( echoing bark ) ( barking continues , girl panting ) ( distorted chatter , ears ringing , heart beating ) ( distorted ) : You okay ? ( noises fade ) Sweetie ? Okay , baby , come on . Man : You okay , kiddo ? Yeah . It wasn 't a bad one . And henry warned me in time . ( barks ) Hey , you know , you can 't just arrest him Before we 've had a chance to talk with him first . Sure i can . In fact , i have to . Once i called the bureau to pinpoint leo 's location From a list of p.O. Boxes , it became an official Fbi investigation . Even has a case number . Jackson : You have to give me 15 minutes with him first . Shafer : Look , i already agreed To let you come along on this little boat ride . Now you 're giving me orders ? 15 minutes . That 's all we ask . Miss campbell , you just told me That leo butler 's blackmailing a multinational corporation . It 's a federal offense . Out of everything we told you , that 's your takeaway ? Federal crime , federal bureau of investigation . You see the linkage ? How about the fact that when this guy was working for reiden , Somehow leo butler created a bacteria That caused those wolves to attack a prison ? Let 's see . Leo butler , a blackmailing embezzler , Invents a bacteria That accidentally creates prisoner-eating wolves . That 's what you want me to tell my bosses at the bureau ? That 's a better takeaway ? Woman : We want to know what is driving the bats wild . Chloe : So do we . What business is that of the french government ? I 'm sorry . I cannot say it . State secrets . Of course . In any case , it 's nice to see you in the field . Congratulations . So the bats- - have your scientists done Any testing ? Si . And the good news- - They have determined the bats do not have rabies . And the bad news ? Rabies is the only thing that would even come close To explaining this . Your friend is a scientist . Mitch : One who would love to know What responses are being considered . The plan on the table is to drop a version of endrin on the bats . Endrin ? Come on . You can 't be serious . What is endrin ? Mitch : It 's an insecticide . Outlawed in the states and most developed countries . It 's like chemotherapy . Kills the cancer , but attacks everything else , as well . You do realize you 'd be risking the health Of every single living thing in rio . And we are considering that very issue . But you 've seen the bats . People are frightened . Well , at least give us some time , 'cause if you kill them all , We 'll never learn what 's causing this behavior . I 'll do what i can . Thank you . But i make no promises . ( engine starts ) Mitch : You know , i can 't help but notice , For a city under siege by bats ... No bats . Not here , at least . Why over there and not here ? ( birds chirping ) ( knocking ) Hey , wait . We can 't go in there . We don 't have a warrant . Good thing i 'm not a cop . What 's the cage for ? Jamie : Damned if i know . ( rapid footsteps ) Whoa ! Federal agent ! We just want to talk . Jamie : Wait ! We don 't want to hurt you . Shafer : Or maybe we do Just want to hurt you . ( bats squeaking ) Mitch : Come to rio , Jewel of south america . ( indistinct chatter , music playing ) I 've seen this before , This kind of jerry-rigged power , In poorer african villages . This place might as well be a separate city , Cut off from all official services- - utilities , Plumbing , power , Telephone service . To survive , the people are forced to improvise . Why do you suppose the bats congregate here , of all places ? 'cause it 's less sanitary here ? More insects ? More food for the bats ? ( phone chimes ) i don 't know . I got to get ahold Of one of these things , study it up close . Gabriela was able to delay the pesticide drop until morning . Still doesn 't give us much time , does it ? ( gunshots ) It 's okay . They 're shooting at the bats . ( gunshots continue ) Mitch . After you . ( bats squeaking ) ( bats screeching ) Chloe : What are they doing ? Sometimes insects like to nest in transformers . Maybe the bats are feeding . Chloe : What ? Get down ! ( people shouting , screaming ) ( distant explosions ) Must have been a chain reaction . ( dogs barking in distance ) ( speaks portuguese ) What did you do ? Nothing . We 're only studying the bats . You 're french ? Yes . My friend , we don 't want any trouble . And where are you from , big papa ? Africa . Gonna wish you never left . ( chuckles ) : You might want to reconsider . ( speaks portuguese ) Shall we lower our weapons and have a discussion ? An american , An african , And a french woman . ( chuckles ) If you 'd walk into a bar together , We 'd have the beginning Of a bad joke . Rio has many sights popular with the tourists , But ... This neighborhood is not one of them . Chloe : Tell your men to stand down . We 're no threat to them . The fact that your gun is still raised says otherwise . Chloe , Please lower your gun . Perhaps we should pay these men for their time . A token of our inconveniencing them . You have been around . Here and there . That 's wonderful . Souvenir . Look , just tell us what you know about evan lee hartley . I don 't know who that is . Your name is written on almost every other page of his bible . Well , that 's suitably eerie . Jackson : What about robert oz ? Robert oz . Does that ring any bells ? Oz . No . Should it ? Are you gonna hit me again ? Jackson . Please . Look , we need your help . Please , can you just talk to us ? So if she 's the good cop And he 's the bad cop , what does that make you ? Oh , actually , i 'm the only cop . We need to talk to you about reiden global . No . No . No way ! Leo , please . No way ! I 'm not getting involved in this . They 've got people Everywhere ! You could be involved with them for all i know . Leo , i 'm from folsom , louisiana . Does that mean anything to you ? Of course . There 's a brand-new library there ' cause of you . I heard it came out beautiful . What can you tell us about the alcanivorax bacteria ? What is taking him so long to find henry ? You let the dog out again with the fence still broken , And you 're gonna complain That your stepdad hasn 't found him In a timely fashion ? I know , i know . I just keep forgetting That it 's not fixed . When will it be fixed ? When i hit the lottery . That would be Such a great story . It would make the news . " mother of a dying girl Wins big . Story at 11 : 00 . " Clementine . You 'd be famous And me and henry , too . I don 't want to be famous for that . ( chuckles ) ( phone chiming ) Hello ? Henry got hit by a car on cranston street . ( whimpers ) i 'm on my way to the vet now . Oh , god . What is it ? What is it , mom ? Abraham : What are you looking for , exactly ? Anything abnormal . Some sort of clue as to why they 're behaving this way . Could take a while . That 's why i never had any patience for science . I 'm going to walk to that pastéis . Does anybody want something ? No , i 'm good . Chloe ? I 'm-i 'm good . Thank you . I didn 't want to say anything in front of abe , But when your friend was talking earlier , uh , gab ... Gabriela , about seeing you in the field , What was that about ? I 've not seen her in a long time is all . Yeah , i don 't think that 's it . Not seeing how you played it With those street kids . Might have been nice If you or your boss would 've told us That our field leader has no field experience . I 'm entirely qualified for whatever we may encounter While carrying out this mission . Yeah , see , even that sounds like you read it out of a spy novel . ( scoffs ) Someday , i would like to meet this person Who made you become this thing you are today . Was it his mom , Who didn 't hug him enough ? A college girlfriend who broke his heart ? Or was he always the last picked on the sporting teams ? It was all those things . Hang on a second . The eyes have changed . Shape is different . Here , come here . Take a look . Pupils are bigger . ( bat screeching ) ( gasps ) That 's not dead . That is not a dead bat . ( chuckles ) that ... Definitely not . So you mimicked the-the wolf 's brain Inside a coffee pot ? That 's actually ... That 's quite brilliant . Our brilliance really isn 't the message here . And then the-the coffee pot ... Exploded ? Literally . Oh , galloping crud . Okay , kiddies . You 've had your coffee klatch . Time for loopy leo to go to jail . No , no , ten minutes . I 'll give you four . Jail ? Who said anything about jail ? Leo , Could the bacteria you created Have caused the wolves ' behavior to change ? No . Not the bacteria ... Leo , please , if there 's something that you know , Just tell us . Look , a lot of guys would not Have given that money to charity . I know you 're one of the good ones . Ever wonder why reiden is so much more successful Than all of their competitors ? It 's because they have a vector That 's better than all the others . Really ? Shafer : Okay . I 'll be man enough to admit it . I-i wouldn 't know what a vector is Even if the wi-fi in this creepy shack was working . A vector is a dna molecule used to manipulate Cellular material on a genetic level . Still haven 't gotten any smarter in the last five seconds . It means they have a molecule that allows them to be faster , Better , cheaper . Okay , then why doesn 't everybody else just get their own ? Because they can 't . Among other things , the vector is extremely rare . Outside of reiden , you are the only Other people who know it exists . Only a select few inside reiden even know where it comes from . They call it the mother cell . That doesn 't sound Ominous at all . Butler : They discovered it about a dozen years ago . Preliminary testing Proved how powerful it was . By the time they realized the potential side effects , It was too late . They 'd already invested Too much money to back out . What side effects ? I don 't sleep anymore , Because i lay awake at night Counting all the different ways they could kill me . I 'd arrived at 16 . 16 different ways ... Jackson : Leo ! Side effects . It 's doing something to the animals , isn 't it ? Do you know where it is used by reiden ? Maybe you don 't understand . The mother cell Is in every single product reiden makes . It 's everywhere . It 's all over the world , and it can 't be stopped . Jamie : No one is gonna hurt you . Just get us the mother cell And all of this will be over . We can protect you . Right , agent shafer ? Absolutely . I keep it hidden , Not far from here . Fine . We 're going with you . No . Absolutely not . Look , you don 't have a say in the matter , pal . I certainly do . I just won 't retrieve it for you . Shafer : Well , then you can Just go to jail . That still doesn 't get you the mother cell . Wait , what if i went with you ? Just me . Jamie , Forget about ... One of you guys punched him in the face , And the other one 's a cop . I would understand ... That would be entirely acceptable . It would ? Entirely . We 'll take my boat . Vet says it 'll cost $ 3,000 . $ 3,000 ? He 's gonna need follow-up surgery . On top of clem 's treatment ? How can we ? You 're not gonna like this , but ... Maybe we should call him . No . Aud , i 'm just saying . Why ? Because he bought her the dog ? He is her father . She hasn 't seen him since she was Two years old . No , i am not gonna call him And guilt him into paying for this . Okay . We 'll go to plan b . We have a plan b ? Sure . Plan b is we make it work . We 'll fix henry and we 'll figure it out . But we are not gonna let clem lose her best friend . ( bat squeaking softly ) Why are you so anxious ? Still not sure letting her go alone with that guy Was the right thing to do . Oh , please . You see the way he looked at her ? Like he 'd been wandering the sahara desert for five years And she was a lake of root beer . Huh ? It means he may ditch her , but he 's not gonna hurt her . But just in case ... Bang ! What ? I hacked into leo 's account . Now , he syncs his phone with his computer , So i can access the gps on his phone . You hacked into the account ? Yeah . What kind of a federal agent are you ? A good one . All right , that 's them . If he 's able to ditch jamie And disappear with the mother cell , we can track him . ( ringtone playing ) You know what , keep an eye on them , Will you ? Hello ? Hello , jackson ? It 's chloe . How are things in rio ? Good , good . Um ... It 's quiet . At the moment . Mitch is examining a bat . He discovered an abnormality in its eye . I swear to god , i am gonna kill that man before this is over . Yeah , i ... I may beat you to it . And abraham- - he has his dark places , no ? Oui . Yeah . Perhaps someday he 'll tell you about it . So did you find leo butler ? Yeah , we did . He doesn 't know my father . But listen to this- - He may ... ( bat screeching ) Chloe ? Hey , what 's going on over there ? You okay ? Hey , chloe . Hey , chloe . Chloe ? I 'm sorry , i-i have to go . Is it possible that the bat was attracted to my phone Or to technology ? I mean , is that crazy ? Well , crazy seems to be on a sliding scale Since i met you guys . The plane in japan- - perhaps the bats Were attracted to its radio waves . And what about the solar panels in the antarctic ? And those power poles In the favelas weren 't shielded properly . Abraham : I think you are using the wrong words . Being attracted to something Is not the same thing as attacking it . Well , i don 't know . I once threw all my ex-wife 's clothes On the front lawn 'cause i was attracted to her . All right , are you guys familiar with the-the trophic scale ? Well , pretend we 're not . The trophic scale is an index of where Everything falls on the food chain . Apex predators are a five . They 're at the top . Sharks , tigers , birds of prey- - predators That eat other predators . Humans , contrary to popular belief , are only a 2.2 . Alongside pigs And ... Anchovies . ( chuckles ) : Anchovies . Now , only two things allow us To behave like fives . Our ability to reason And our technology . ( steady beeping ) They 're still on the move . Looks like they docked his boat . Now they 're in his car . What are you doing ? Leo butler 's name is written All over evan lee hartley 's bible . Maybe something in here Will tell me why . All right , hold on . We don 't have a warrant , so none of this can be used in court . Spare me the ethics lecture , okay ? You just hacked into the man 's computer . I 'll start on this stuff . Chloe : But they can 't know it . The animals , the bats . Can 't know what ? That 's it 's only Our technology that keeps us from being their prey . Are you asking if the animals Have somehow developed a ... Hyperintelligence ? Whether they know it or not , this mission of ours Has just become a whole lot less amusing . How far can bats see ? Uh , depends . Some can only see 25 feet , Others can see up to a few hundred yards . Why ? We go far out into the forest and we hook up something With an electromagnetic signal , And we boost it somehow so the bats can 't miss it . Once there , they 'll be too far away To see any other electromagnetic source . Exactamont . So maybe they remain there . All right , whoa . Whoa . Let 's try and remember our designations here , okay ? I 'm the scientist . You 're the analyst . Still not sure what you are . But it could work , yes ? No . Yes . Maybe . If we ... If we had something that gave off that kind of signal . How about a cellular antenna ? Like the one at the favela ? The favelas ... Yeah , uh , You don 't remember what happened To us out there ? Real cellular antennae- - Those owned by phone companies- - Will be secured behind locked gates . No . No way . Do you have another idea ? You support this plan ? W ... ( mouths ) I mean , guys , We have to do something . If we don 't , the government Will drop poison from the sky , and as you yourself pointed out , That poison will affect every living thing in rio . Including us . Stay here . Where are you going ? To get it . The mother cell . Almost forgot . ( hooting in distance ) ( squawking in distance ) What are you doing ? Contributing . I 'm gonna sell some of this stuff to help Pay for henry 's doctor bills . Sweetie , Don 't be ridiculous . Wait . Where did you get this ? From your closet . I didn 't know i still had it . You know i love justin , mom , Right ? I know . But ... Do you think If i got really bad ... Baby . ... That he would come ? Clementine . Do you ? I don 't know . I really don 't . ( door closes in distance ) justin : Hey , guys . Here , boy . It 's them . ( gasps ) Is he okay ? He 's gonna be fine . He just needs To take it easy for a while and take his meds . Welcome to my world , henry . ( laughs ) exactly , babe . And i 'm putting you in charge . Just like you 're good about taking your medicine , You got to be good about giving henry his . I can do that . Thank you so much , guys . Thank you so much . He must be starving . Come on , henry . Time for supper . Come on . Thank you . Plan b . Make your kid smile . Everything else will take care of itself . ¶ ¶ Hold on . What is it ? Looks like some sort of ... Inventory Of products that contain the mother cell . And how and where those products were used . You 're telling me that All of these products have this mother cell in ' em ? But this is everything from ... Dog food to weed killer . I know . ( hooting in distance ) ( knocking ) ( gasps ) Voilà . Wow . Butler : I know , right ? I got to admit , I 'm kind of glad to be shed of it . Soon as i pack up my stuff , i disappear , for good . Now it 's your problem . ( engine starts ) ( car alarm wailing ) ( engine starts , alarm stops ) I 've got the truck . I 'll be there in five minutes . We 'll be ready . Think i almost got it . Almost got what ? I can 't even begin To understand what 's happening Right now . Do not . You 're making a mistake . Only mistake was keeping enzo On his leash earlier . Hidey ho . Mitch : Hey . We 're ... We 're actually Just trying to solve your bat problem . Oh , yeah ? Aliado , it looks to me like You 've got a bat problem all your own . Here , look . That 's the one i 'm gonna buy . And i 'm gonna name her ventus , Which is the latin word for wind . Wow . Beautiful . You 'll have to take me for a sail sometime . You don 't have to work the charm thing anymore . You-you got what you came for . Leo , i 'm forever grateful for what you did . And i 100 % want to go for a sail with you when this is all over . You do ? Yeah , i do . What the hell ? What is it ? My-my gps is on . Okay . I don 't use my gps . You ... You tricked me . What ? No , no ... Your friends Are tracking me . No , no , no , no , no . Leo . No , no , no . I told you . I told you this would happen . I knew it ! No , no , leo , listen to me . N-nobody Is tricking you . ( thundering crash , glass shattering ) Where is it ? Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
