 Previously on Defiance ... May I ask what business you have in Defiance ? I 'm going to kill all the humans and burn the disgusting place to the ground . You and your wife will act as my saboteurs , destroying Defiance from within . My mom and dad , they 're working as spies for the VC . Go ! Go ! Datak Tarr , you 've been found guilty of high treason . You are sentenced to die . This town will turn on us if they learn you 're protecting a spy . You 're more trouble than you 're worth . Eat it . We might just have the beginnings of a strike force . We 'll take the battle to Rahm Tak , catch him with his pants down . Why is the Amazing Goddess not fighting by their side ? My daughter is not capable of picking up a weapon . - I have to go back . - No , not today . The endgame is coming , my friends . In a few days , we will ride into Defiance . Our Indogene lieutenant , Bebe , has assumed a human face and has tunneled in beneath the stasis nets . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Isn 't that Rahm 's spy ? So it is . Too bad it had to end like this . Come on . Targets have entered the NeedWant . Is the sphere online ? Fully operational . Well , let 's do this . He was brave in the end . Datak Tarr ? Yeah , well , he chose to suffer on the rack , to atone . I hope it works for him . I hope it makes him right with his god . I hope his god shoves a giant lightning bolt up his ass . I 'm not saying I forgive him . I 'm just saying that he was brave . Braver than his wife . Braver than Berlin ? I don 't want to talk about her . You two got pretty close while I was gone . I just expected more from her . When the E-Rep fell apart , she was lost . I gave her a badge . I let her into my life . I treated her like a sister . Well , that was your first mistake . Kenya would have never run . Drop the weapon , Lawkeeper . Eject the mag , and slide the gun over . They 're gonna kill us anyway . Just shoot him . Shoot through me if you have to . They 're wearing body armor . Wouldn 't work . Votans , stay in the back . Humans , on your knees behind the bar , fingers interlaced behind your head . Move ! Faster ! We have an important message for you all . People of Defiance , as you no doubt know , I am General Rahm Tak of the Votanis Collective . Sorry about the mess , but I need Mayor Amanda to understand that I am serious . Do you understand that I 'm serious ? Can you see me ? Age of miracles , huh ? I have a proposition for you , Amanda , and I wish to make it in front of witnesses . The war is over . The humans lost . The Butcher of Yosemite lost . My demands are simple : drop the stasis nets . Let me in . In return , I will allow the humans safe passage to find a new home . You 're lying . If I drop the nets and send the humans through Bissel Pass , you will pick them off like a turkey shoot . Ah , I would love nothing more than to get all the pink-meats into one spot , and pew-pew-pew . But I won 't . - Why not ? - Because I 'm a rational man . A bloodless coup protects the lives of my soldiers and keeps you from setting this town on fire to spite me . You plan to live here ? It 's the perfect home base with the perfect security measures . After you 've left , I will turn Defiance Valley into a training camp where no one will dare oppose me . If the price of that is setting some humans free , then so be it . Half of you will die in the Badlands without me lifting a finger . So it 's either that , or the humans die one by one . So what do you say ? It 's the best deal you 're gonna get . We will fight you to the bitter end . We may not win , but we will make your victory an unbelievably costly one . I just hope you have the balls to show up , so I can shoot them off . Funny joke . - Shoot the hostages . - No ! Shoot him ! Nice shooting , Tex . Kindzi ? Are you here ? We both know your father showed poor judgment by strangling you . That much is clear . I 'd love the opportunity to ask him to apologize . I 'd like to apologize as well . How did they get through the stasis nets ? No idea . But we have to be better . Hey , Tex . - You 're good in a fight . - Thanks . - Got a name ? - Christopher Beckman . Appreciate the assist . Where you from ? I 'm just heading south looking for mercenary work . I ran security for an APS transport , smuggling cargo across the Shipton Desert . That 's a rough haul . It 's not for the faint of heart , I can tell you that . Look , I 'm just gonna come out and say this . I know this isn 't your fight , but ... You don 't have to convince me . What happened here , it was wrong . These people deserve justice . You can count me in . Thank you . Alak , get the militia together , get them gathered in Darby Square in the next 20 minutes . We 're going hunting . Come on , kid . Let 's get moving . Yeah , right , sorry . Show Beckman around , make sure he 's geared up . Hey . I 'm Alak . Beckman . Have we met before ? Not that I know of , but I guess us humans all look alike to you , huh ? No , that 's not what I meant . Relax , kid , I 'm just having fun . Let 's go meet this militia of yours . I heard . What do you want to do ? I want to fight . I have to . What if you panic , freeze up again ? I won 't . I should have killed Rahm when I had a chance . It would have changed everything . Look , about that , I think I rode you pretty hard . I never took into account your feelings about New York , Tommy . I guess what I 'm trying to say is that as a father , I 've had better moments . Did you actually just apologize ? Let 's just put it down to me getting soft in my old age . Militia 's assembling in Darby Square . Why don 't you get your ass down there and report ? And , kiddo ? You didn 't give up . I 'm proud of you . Citizens of Defiance , as you 've probably heard , this morning our town was attacked by V.C. terrorists . Both gunmen were killed . Tragically , so were ten innocent citizens . People you may know . Friends , parents , siblings , spouses . We don 't know how the gunmen entered our town ... Let 's go ! Or how many are currently hiding among us . At this moment , Lawkeeper Nolan is organizing a manhunt to identify and neutralize the Votanis Collective infiltrators . Citizens ... We 're not really open , sir . - I 'm hungry . - Haven 't you heard ? The V.C. shot up the NeedWant . Pancakes , I think . With fruit . At risk of being destroyed . As the lawkeeper 's militia is searching for these criminals , I need the streets clear . I am issuing a mandatory lockdown for the entire town . If you are home , please stay there . If you are out , you need to get yourself to the nearest building and stay indoors until I announce it 's safe to venture outside again . This is for your own protection . It will ensure that you are not hit by friendly fire and will aid our militia in seizing our enemies . No , no ! - The shots came from that way . - All right , you , with me . Let 's go . That came from Carter Street . You two , go . Come on . _ _ Are you gonna kill us ? No . But the stories ... Old stories . You 're safe now . Thank you , Omec . You saved my children . You did that with your teeth ? I had no other weapon . You did good here . You could do more . I told you already . We need you . This is not my fight . Kindzi ? Nefkitso . This is our family . I wanted you to see them . Once we have re-powered our ship , we will wake them up . Do you want to know what will happen after that ? We will conquer the Earth and enslave you all , do with you what we wish , feed upon your delicate flesh on a glorious Dread Harvest . Why are you telling me all of this ? Now that you know our secrets , my father will be forced to kill you . What did she see ? _ _ _ Is it true ? _ _ I have lost one home planet , and I will be thrice-damned before I lose another . _ Is it true ? _ For a time , I intended to take this planet and claim it for our people . And now ? I have seen many things in Defiance and its people . Things that I admire . Our path has changed to one of inclusion . _ She is dangerous . Kindzi will never accept peace . If you truly desire an accord with the people of Earth , she must be stopped . Stopped how ? That is not for me to say , but it does need to happen . I am fond of you , Stahma , but we are not a team . You are not Omec . Don 't ever threaten my daughter . I shame myself . False Casti humility does not suit you . Nor does willful ignorance suit you . I think we should both aim higher . Tread lightly , little Castithan . Tread lightly . Did he say anything ? Anything that might help us find their accomplices ? The Omec said that we would be safe now . Is that true ? Course it is . You 're gonna be just fine . Found something . Was in his coat . What is it ? It 's a map of the town . They didn 't come in over the mountain . They tunneled in . All right . Alpha team moves in from the west , hits that camp with M-19s , and smokes Rahm 's troops south by southwest towards the tree line and the snipers . What do we got ? Me and Zero on the ridge , rest of Baker along the tree line . - Good job . - Stop . I 've heard enough . No . No ? No , I want this tunnel sealed up from this side . We 'll hunt down whoever 's left in town , and we 'll live to fight another day . We 're badly outnumbered . This is our chance to take the fight to him , to take him by surprise . Alak . What do you got ? It 's 2 , maybe 3 miles long . It 's all clear out here . Nothing suspicious ? No booby traps ? - I 'm still in one piece . - All right . I want you to lay up somewhere safe , keep your eyes open . You spot any V.C. , chirp me a warning . Will do . - And , Alak ? - Yeah ? Took guts to volunteer . Good job . Thanks . This is the closest thing to a guarantee we 're gonna get . No , it 's a huge risk . So was crossing the Delaware , but Washington was game . - All right , do it . - All right . Bring that son of a bitch down . All right , Beckman , you 're up front with me and Irisa . Zero and Dell , Barnes are next and my three EMC guys . After that , we 're gonna go with squads one through four . Amanda , you 're gonna take the remainder of the troops . You 're gonna surround the building . Nobody gets in or out . - Anything suspicious at all ... - Chirp your hailer . Good luck . Okay , everybody , bring it in . No . I don 't want him in there . It 's not your choice . You 're staying with me . I 'm going . Just be careful . Always . All right , everybody . Come on in . We get down there , stay alert . Check your equipment then check the equipment of the trooper next to you . We 're gonna be moving in fours , so we want clear lines of fire . We 're gonna move slowly , we 're gonna move by the numbers , and safely . And remember , I chose each and every one of you for a reason . Together , we 're gonna make Defiance proud . All right , let 's line ' em up . Move out . Sorry , sorry . This is all new to me . Keep it down . It 's okay . Everyone , hold position here until you get my signal . You 're with me . Go . What is it ? I heard something . Stay here . I 'm gonna go check in with Nolan . Hold your position . Do not come forward under any circumstance . All right , let 's go . Beckman , I told you to hold position in the tunnel . No . No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! You stupid pink-skin . Thank you for leading your men to slaughter . Your head will make a wonderful trophy for Rahm . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ You just gonna stand there ? Amanda was right . If we had just blown our end of the tunnel , they 'd all still be alive . You gambled . If it had worked , you 'd be a hero . Yeah , but it didn 't , so what does that make me ? They trusted me , they followed me , and now they 're dead because of me . You didn 't kill them . Rahm Tak did . You can carry that weight on your shoulders , but it doesn 't make it right . That 's what you 've been telling me all along , right ? Nice try , kid . You get yourself some rest . Nolan , we 've got trouble . What is it ? Rahm Tak is setting up camp right outside the stasis nets . He 's trying to squeeze us . It 's a blockade . I 've got an idea . Speak . If it works , it 's a surefire way to destroy Rahm and his army . But there 's a catch . What ? It 's a suicide mission . Still listening . A stasis net is comprised of tenser particles . When chained together , they 're stable and can form an impenetrable barrier . If you use a device to reverse the electromagnetic charge , the tenser particles unhook and explode . Same principle used in the net cutter . Gold star for cowboy guy . Rahm Tak has done us an enormous favor by setting up his camp next to a gigantic bomb . If we can contain and focus the force of the explosion ... say , using a localized singularity field , then ... We can blow him to hell . And you get a sticker that says " teacher 's pet . " See me after class . I can throw together a targeting device . It 's small , so I can surgically implant it into the volunteer 's forearm . Into my forearm . It 's nonmetallic , and it will be invisible to the scanners . So you 'll talk your way into Rahm Tak 's camp , and when you 're dead center , I 'll blow the nets remotely . Bye-bye , Rahm Tak . Bye-bye , Army . And bye-bye , Nolan . Unacceptable . - It 's necessary . - No . I 'm not letting you throw your life away . If this plan fails , I need you alive to decide whatever plan B is . There is no plan B. There 's always a plan B. You know , put the gizmo in my arm . - No . - Yes . If it fails , I become a martyr . You can use it to bring humans and Votans together . That 's the most ridiculous idea . - No , we 're not doing it . - I 'm not arguing about this . You guys are ignoring the obvious . You should be resting . Rahm Tak knows we 're desperate . He 's expecting a trick . The minute he sees either of you coming , he 'll have a sniper pick you off from half a mile away . And who do you think can get close enough ? Only one person I know of . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Drink . How nice to see you . Rahm Tak has stripped you of everything . Alak and your grandson have to bear the burden of the Tarr family name for the rest of their lives . Why are you here ? I 'm offering you a chance at redemption . And Stahma ? She 's still missing . But if she turns up alive , I will pardon her crimes , as I will pardon yours . Posthumously . Ah , there 's the catch . Rahm Tak 's men shot Alak . We almost lost him . Now , I 'm giving you a chance to kill Rahm Tak , a chance to save Defiance , a chance to save your son and your grandson . Will you help us ? I could not be prouder of you . I hope I can live up to your example . I 've seen all I need to . Let 's go . He 's through . Re-engage the nets . Someone 's heading this way . Shoot ' em in the head . I think it 's Datak Tarr . What ? No . Should we take him out ? Uh-uh . He 's got me curious . Well , they didn 't shoot him . He 's clean . Welcome home , lover boy . I think he 's in , but I can 't be sure . Blow the nets . Blowing the nets . Tenser particles will hit critical mass in four minutes and counting . You look like a little working class these days , aren 't you ? The shaming rack is a great equalizer . What diluted form of the Shaming ceremony are they practicing in Defiance ? Your arms and legs seem curiously attached . They cut me down to send me here with the mayor 's surrender terms . Why you ? They assumed you 'd shoot whomever came out . Honestly , I 'm surprised you didn 't . Call me a sentimental old fart . These surrender terms are garbage . I 'm not gonna draw back , I 'm not going to provide a hostage , and I 'm not going to negotiate . You go back , and you tell Amanda her only option is to drop the nets . What are you still doing here ? Go . I 'd like to stay . I kidnapped your son . I beat you senseless . I got you put on a shaming rack . If I let you stay , you will try to kill me the first time I turn my back . Your reputation for shrewdness is clearly well deserved . But I promise you , General , I am a broken man , coming to you in my hour of need . Granted , I like the humility . It pleases me . But I am not in a position to take any chances with victory so close at hand . May I prove my loyalty ? I will require my charge blade . You want me to arm you ? I don 't quite see the joke . I 'm fighting for my life , General . There is no joke . You ... You push my buttons , you know that ? Watch him . The shaming rack would have ripped my four limbs from my body . You have rescued me from this fate . Therefore , my body is yours . Including my good left arm . Holy crap ! That is some gangster-ass shit ! Oh ! I am impressed ! Wow ! - I think he 's in , right ? - Yeah ! I mean , on a probationary basis . Thank you , Favi Tak . May I take a moment alone ? The pain is tremendous . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Don 't go too far . Oh , my God ! Crazy-ass haint ! This is definitely going in the collection , right ? Wait , wait a minute . There 's something in here . ♪ Yeah ! ♪ Oh , shit . ♪ When the music 's over ♪ ♪ When the music 's over , yeah ♪ ♪ When the music 's over , turn out the lights ♪ ♪ Turn out the lights ♪ ♪ Turn out the lights ♪ ♪ Well , the music is your special friend ♪ ♪ Dance on fire as it intends ♪ ♪ Music is your only friend ♪ ♪ Until the end ♪
