 Previously on stitchers ... Welcome to the stitchers program . Is that a quantum computer ? This is a picture of ed and my mother . Ed ripped someone out of his picture . Any ideas who it was ? I assume it 's someone he didn 't think very highly of . Marta said that the murder cases we handle are test runs for something bigger . You need to trust that your mother , ed clark , And the people who care about you now Are working tirelessly to keep you safe . - Hello . - Liam . Kirsten has never mentioned him . Find out everything you can about him . I want a full report . Will you marry me ? ¶ every now and then ¶ ¶ you wonder what went wrong ¶ - ( alarm blaring ) - man : I need assistance stat ! Come on , i can 't figure this out . Authentication isn 't working . How 's it going ? You good ? - Thank goodness you 're here . - What 's going on ? It 's a total disaster . Come on , we need your help . Woman : Get over here now ! Man : I can 't do this by myself . Help ! - Man 2 : I got you . - ( shouting ) Come on ! We 're running out of time . ( alarm blaring ) Surprise ! ¶ happy birthday to you ¶ ¶ happy birthday to you ¶ ¶ happy birthday , dear kirsten ¶ ¶ happy birthday to you ¶ ( cheering ) Are those brains ? That 's it ? I 'm sorry , guys . Surprise parties don 't really work for me . Surprise anything , for that matter . I 'm sorry . Should have seen this one coming . It 's no problem . Maybe one day we 'll figure out how to shock you . - Yeah , good luck . - Or not . At least there 's cake . ( alarm blaring ) Or not . Come on , people , let 's go . - Mmm . - Mm-hmm . ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ Dr. Anna barmal , 35 . She 's the lead researcher of epidemiology at the worldwide health alliance . She committed suicide last night in her l.A. Apartment . Sleeping pills . - We sure it was suicide ? - Yeah , she left a note . " my body is to be cremated within 24 hours " and my ashes sent to my parents in mumbai . These are my only instructions . " Unfortunately , dr . Barmal 's last wishes will have to be delayed . We 've been asked to investigate why she killed herself . So we 're bringing someone who worked with deadly viruses And died under mysterious circumstances into the lab ? What could possibly go wrong ? We run 26 different tests on every sample before they 're cleared for stitching . - Barmal is clear . - Why 'd she kill herself ? Was she part of something she shouldn 't have been ? That 's what we want to find out . When they found her in her apartment , She was slumped over in a scalding shower And the heat in her apartment was cranked to the maximum . What about her research ? Any clues ? It 's pretty remarkable , she didn 't write any of her research down . She had a photographic memory . Well , let 's go and get it while it 's still in there to get . - So ? - Context , please . Liam . What did you tell him when he proposed ? I told him i needed to think about it . Smart move . No sense at all in committing to the one guy on the planet Who loves " impossible you " exactly as you are . What do you think you 're gonna tell him ? I 'm not sure and assuming you haven 't blabbed to everyone yet , Don 't say anything . I haven 't told anyone else that liam proposed . ( sighs ) What ? - Congratulations ? - I 'm not sure yet . Well , when you are , tell me in person And not over an open channel . All right . Stations , please . - Welcome back . - Miss me ? I don 't suppose you can share details about whatever special assignment turner sent you on . You don 't suppose correctly . How does it feel being the one kept in the dark for a change ? Kinda sucks . All right , i 'm out of here . Call me later if there 's going to be cake . Lights to 20 % . I need a go , no-go for stitch neurosync . - Life-sci ? - Go . - Sub-bio ? - Go . - Engineering ? - Go . - Communications ? - Go . - Medical ? - Go . - Comm check . - Kirsten . One , two- - What am i doing ? We 've established that your comlink works . All is well . Cut the cake . Induce stitch neurosync on my mark . In three , two , one ... Induce stitch neurosync . I 'm in barmal 's lab . She 's looking through a microscope . - How 's she dressed ? - How 's she dressed ? Wait . Why is that even relevant ? - She 's in biohazard gear . - That 's how it 's relevant . - Alex , how 's the sample looking ? - All readings nominal . Do not open that corpse cassette . What 's going on ? Worldwide health alliance scientist plus biohazard suit Equals i don 't know what we may have brought into the lab . But maybe our tests missed something . - Should i bounce ? - Linus ? - We 're clear . - Okay , do not bounce . The environment in the lab is monitored every 12 seconds . We 're clear . Regardless , i don 't want to take any chances . I want all non-essential personnel to clear the lab now . Go , now . Okay , keep going , birthday girl . ( labored breathing ) She 's taking off her mask . Why ? I don 't know . Also her gloves . And her bio suit . She 's injecting herself with something . Have her look for markings on the syringe . Any markings you can see ? The vial reads " sample lot , 6 / 1 18 : 03 . " She 's giving herself another injection . Any idea what ? Um ... " csp21x9 . " - Camille ? - Csp21 . It 's a mutated strain of spanish flu . - And x9 ? - Potency . Nine is as high as it goes . Why is she infecting herself ? She 's running a blood test . She 's reading the results . - Doesn 't like what she sees . - ( alarm blaring ) What 's that noise ? Trouble . Make the bounce . What happened ? Our sensors picked up something . - What ? - Damn it ! ( alarm blaring ) What did you just do ? She put the lab under emergency lockdown . Dr. Barmal infected herself with a mutated virus And her body just went symptomatic . I hate being right all the time ! " according to the center for infectious diseases , " dr . Barmal was close to finding a cure for an aggressive new virus . " the csp21 spreads airborne . " when exposed , a person will develop flu-like symptoms , And in all reported cases , death occurs within hours . " - Definitely not a starve a cold , feed a fever kind of thing . - Should we be worried ? So far none of us are sick and we don 't know If the infection has spread beyond the corpse cassette . We need to figure out exactly what we 're dealing with . It 's not that complicated . We 're dealing with a body in the corpse cassette That 's spreading a contagion in a sealed lab full of people . Alex , how 's the seal on the corpse cassette ? Holding . Hopefully the virus is contained . Dr. Barmal thought she found a cure . That 's why she tested it on herself . Unfortunately , she 's taken up residency in her corpse cassette And has given us the gift that keeps on giving . She must have colleagues . Other scientists who are familiar with her research . I 'll get on that . Meanwhile , research the virus . Find out everything you can about it . Work up a contingency plan in case we 're on our own . Preferably one that doesn 't involve all of us dying . Bet this isn 't what you wished for on your birthday . Oh , i don 't make birthday wishes . Make one now . You sent us a disease-ridden sample . I didn 't know she 'd injected herself . She was asymptomatic before she died . Well , she became symptomatic post-mortem and highly contagious . I 'm scrambling a hazmat team , but it will take some time to assemble . Your chief asset is fine for now , but we 're all at risk . You need to reach out to barmal 's associates . See what they know about her work . And tell them what ? While stitching a live consciousness into a dead woman 's memory , We may have triggered an epidemic in our secret lab ? Barmal 's last serum- - the one she thought worked- - is in her lab , Date-stamped june 1 , 18 : 03 hours . Maybe there is something in there that we can build on . I 'll do what i can . In the meantime , No matter what happens to you all , kirsten needs to survive . So i want you to put her in isolation . Yeah . Good luck with that . How 's it going ? Well , considering the only thing this lab is able to do about a biohazard Is ring alarm bells , not great . We 're just not equipped for this kind of emergency . We can work the problem if we knew barmal 's formula to her serum . Yeah , but her formula tanked . So what good would it do ? We have something she didn 't have . A quantum computer that 's able to run more simultaneous equations Than there are atoms in the universe . Maybe her antiviral serum failed because she couldn 't run enough simulations . She was willing to test it on herself . She must have believed in it . Stitch me back in . I 'll get the formula . Unfortunately , that 's not going to happen . Kirsten , i 'm putting you into isolation . Good luck with that . We don 't know who or how many of us may be infected . On the chance that someone is and you 're not , You need to be isolated from everyone . The program depends on you . Okay , let 's say everyone except me is infected ... How about let 's not ? ... And i 'm the last person standing ? What makes you think that i would stay With a revamped , restaffed program anyway ? - That 's what i figured . - So stitch me back in . Her refractory period is short . We can stitch immediately . - Great . - Hold on . Now that barmal 's body has gone symptomatic , We don 't know what that will do to her memory . We can 't just sit around and wait . Besides , it 's my birthday and i can stitch if i want to . Okay . Listen , stretch . Bounce if it gets too funky in there . I love it when you talk science to me . It 's your birthday so i 'm gonna let that one slide . Initiate stitch neurosync on my mark . Three , two , one , and mark . - You still with me , kc ? - Sure , cg . I 'm in the lab again . And you 're right , the virus is making things a little funky . Define funky . Like when you have a high fever , Everything 's a throbbing blur . Sample brain 's degrading from the internal heat . Get a move on , sweet pea . Barmal 's working on it ... But she isn 't happy . Move me forward in time . Memory collapse imminent . Kirsten , you need to bounce . You listening ? - Something to write on ... - What ? - I need a something to write on . - I 'm on it . Tell her she 's gotta go . Kirsten . Hang on . Kirsten ? I heart linus . ( gasps ) That 's it . Make any sense to you ? Mitates bones from star trek ) mn it , jim . M a neuroscientist , - Not a molecular biologist . - Focus . Just trying to lighten the mood . Yeah , we can load that into the quantum computer . Linus , digitize the output . You okay , bud ? What ? Yeah , yeah , i 'm good . What do you need ? - What ? I 'm fine . - You 're warm . - Ayo . - Stop . This is ridiculous . Quiet , you . 101.2 . It 's beginning . How 's he doing ? Don 't sugarcoat it . Headache , chills , muscle pains , fever at 102 . - And his blood pressure is ... - Low . If it drops any lower , you could experience dizziness , Confusion , subconjunctival hemorrhage . Subconjunctival hemorrhage ? Bleeding in the eyes . I was wrong . I need sugarcoating . In other bad news , i just generated a statistical model That puts the chance we 're all infected at a robust 98 % . I 'm sorry , guys . What are we gonna do ? I choose to panic in my own way . We work the problem . The time is running now on all of us . Okay , clearly barmal 's formula was ineffectual . How long will it take until we find out what went wrong so we can make adjustments ? Our computers can do it quickly , but we 'll need a pre-symptomatic sample Of barmal 's blood to isolate exactly how the serum affected her immune system . I took a routine sample of her blood before the virus kicked in . It 's in the medical bay . ( buzzer ) - Ayo . - We 're locked out . It 's an automatic security precaution . The computer must have calculated that the virus originated in the lab And is isolating it . Insult , meet injury . - Damn it . - Can you override it ? Damn it . Baptiste , magritte . ( mouths ) Confirm voice recognition . Command level override . Shall we play a game of chess ? You gotta be freakin ' kidding me . Now what ? Where does that access panel lead ? As you all know , the lab was built in an old hydroelectric substation . Told you . I 'm begging you . The drainage culvert under the flooring was repurposed as cabling channels . There is one access point that runs 100 feet From the observation deck straight to the medical bay . - I 'll go . - No , you can 't . There 's an old gear shaft that narrows the culvert To 18 inches by 9 inches . Guess i 'm out . I can fit through that , i think . You need to take care of those of us who are getting sick . It 's okay . I 'll be fine . It 's not just you anymore . - I 'm okay . - ( beeps ) 101.7 Okay , stop staring at me . I 'm not dead yet . Yeah , and it looks like i get to keep it that way . I 'll go . I can do it . You sure ? Maggie : How do you feel ? Like crawling through a hundred feet of repurposed drainage culvert . Thanks so much for asking . Okay , the yellow cables will lead you to the medical bay . Follow the yellow brick road . Got it . - Comlink . - Thank you . The distance from here to the medical bay is 100 feet . We 'll track your progress remotely . It should take you about eight minutes to get there . Give me ten . Underachiever . Once there , you 'll be able to open the door from the inside and let ayo in . Sounds good . Okay , let 's do this . ( cell phone ringing ) Liam ? Can we talk about this later ? Because i 'm in the middle of something . I said later , please . ( coughing ) - Hey . - Let me see . Don 't tell maggie . She needs to know . She 'll find out soon enough . Camille , how are you doing ? Ugh . This is the third most awful thing i 've ever done . ( coughs ) Okay , i see the gear thingy up ahead . I 'm ruining my t-shirt . The agency will get you another one . Screw that , maggie . I want hazard pay . ( grunting ) ( gasps ) Camille , you 're almost there . Just keep following the yellow cable . She stopped moving . Is she okay ? Camille . Camille . Camille . Maggie : Camille ! Camille , camille , are you there ? ( camille screams ) Here , give it . Okay , camille , talk to me . What 's going on ? Oh , my god . Oh , my god . Oh , my god . ( exhaling ) Camille , what is it ? There 's a rat in here . ( mouths ) Oh , okay , that 's all ? There are two things in the world that terrify me . Rats and hairy backs . Oh , my god . Oh , my god , it 's touching me . It 's disgusting and it 's touching me with its rat teeth And its rat fur covered in rat diseases . You are carrying a deadly virus in your system That could wipe out the entire human species , So if you wanna play the " who 's more disgusting to whom game , " I think you actually win . ( laughs ) maybe . Kirsten , i don 't think i can do this . Yes , you can . It 's more scared of you than you are of it . Yeah , i 'm totally striking fear into its heart . Oh , my god . I can 't . Do it for linus . Okay , i can . I can . ( exhales ) Okay . You 're just a rock . A rock moving around in the middle of my back , but just a rock . Okay , now take a deep breath . And just relax and keep moving . Okay . Just a few more feet . Okay , camille , you 're under the medical bay . There should be an access panel to the right . Camille ? Are you okay ? If the csp-21 germ doesn 't do me in , I 'm pretty sure rat-induced nightmares will . I 'll run dr . Barmal 's blood sample . How long do you need ? Twenty-five minutes for the centrifuge , Another ten to test her cbc count . Every minute counts . - Rat . - If you cooked it , it could feed a family . It was huge . I 've input the antiviral formula into the quantum computer . By factoring in barmal 's blood analysis- - How the serum affected her immune system- - The computer may be able to detect why it failed . And then what ? Maybe barmal was close . If she made a small miscalculation in her research , The computer could possibly pick it up and point us to a cure . - It 's a long shot . - Not necessarily . Dr. Barmal spent two years of her life working on this . Maybe she was on the right track . Now we wait . ( coughing ) Hey , you . - Boy , you don 't look so hot . - Neither do you . Well , just between us , i think i might be coming down with something . Can i get you anything ? More water or just a shoulder to rest your head ? I wouldn 't mind a shoulder . Okay . - This is nice . - Yeah . It 'd be nicer if there wasn 't rat poop on your shirt . What ? Shut up ! Where ? Just kidding . That 's so not funny . Damn rat nearly gave me a heart attack . Your forehead 's on fire . Are you scared ? Yes . Me , too . Okay , the results are in . Maggie : And ? - It doesn 't make any sense . - What doesn 't ? Barmal designed her serum to block the virus from entering human blood cells . - So where did she go wrong ? - She didn 't . That 's the problem . Her formula is correct . Chemically speaking , it should have been the cure . Then why 'd she still get sick ? Because despite what this multi-million dollar supercomputer says , Dr. Barmal missed something . So now what ? If there 's someone you want to say goodbye to ... Now 's the time . Aren 't you going to call your fiance ? He 's not my fiance . We 're not engaged . But he proposed . Yeah , and i never gave him an answer . What did barmal miss ? Well ... ( coughs ) Clearly this is none of my business , But seeing that this may be the last fight we ever have- - It 's not like i was hiding this from you . No , but friends occasionally tell each other things about their lives , You know , like getting a parking ticket or jury duty Or a marriage proposal . Liam asked me a question which i haven 't answered yet . Therefore , there was nothing for me to report . Anyway , whether or not you decide to marry liam , you should probably call him . You know what ? Let me be clear . I have no intention of dying . Not like this . So i 'm not calling anybody . ( clicks ) Hello . Hey , ma . Linus , where are you ? What 's wrong ? Nothing . I 'm just at work . Samir . It 's linus from the office . Something 's wrong . Everything is okay , ma . You 're in trouble , aren 't you ? - No , baba . - You got fired ? No . I can 't call you guys just to say hello ? But you said we can 't call you at the office . You can 't . Unless it 's an emergency . Benjamin , if you 're there , can you pick up ? Benjamin ? I 'm calling you to say- - What i want you to know is that i 'm sorry That i wasn 't around for you more and- - Are you there ? Woman : Dr. Goodkin . Dr. Goodkin here too . I 'm running into a meeting . So whoever this is , kindly get to the point . It 's me , ma . Cameron , your son . Nigel , it 's my son . I 'll be in , in a moment . How are you feeling , cam ? I 'm fine . I just felt like calling . You keeping up with your medication ? I 'm not a kid anymore , ma . I can take care of myself . I just wanted to say that I love you both very much . I knew something was wrong . So what is the problem , son ? Whatever it is , we love you , and we can get through it together . I want you to know that i 'm sorry about what i said To you before you redeployed . I do understand your responsibility to the guys more than you know . Everything okay with your government tinker-toys Or whatever it is you 're working on ? Do we really have to do this now ? No , i suppose not . I don 't want you hanging up on me again like last time . Look , i 'm sorry about that , okay ? I really am . It 's just you gave up a coveted research position at mit , - A position of a lifetime . - Lifetime ... I 'm calling because i 'm- - I 'm so happy . I love my job , And i have a great girlfriend . And my life is amazing because of you guys . You have a girlfriend ? This is what you 're trying to tell us ? Yeah , ma . - When can we meet her ? - One day soon enough . Bring her for dinner . I 'll make chicken tikka . Do you think you two have a future ? I think we 'll be together for a very long time . Also , and this is very important , Whatever happens , i don 't want you to feel guilty about anything , okay ? We have both always done what was expected of us . I want you to be safe over there , okay ? I love you , ben . I just want to know , was it worth it ? Yeah . Am i interrupting ? No . Actually , i 'm glad you 're here . I have something for you . What ? Your birthday present . This is my present ? No . This is your present . You knew my mother ? I worked with her when i was first administrating the stitchers program . But she never worked at the program . She did . In fact , your mother was one of the original designers of our technology Along with ed . And my father . Kirsten , ed and your mother Were the real visionaries behind stitchers . - But that 's not- - - what you were led to believe . I know . The reality is that your father couldn 't keep up with ed and your mother And compensated by taking credit for her work after she died . So your birthday gift to me Is to shatter what few beliefs i had about what little i can remember From my past . You shouldn 't have . You 've been asking for the truth . Now you have it . This is ed 's handwriting . What does he want us to remember ? After your mother died , I promised him i would look after you if something happened to him . I think he wanted me to remember that promise . And what does he want me to remember ? Who you are . And that your mother loved you completely . I wish i could remember her . All i can seem to remember is ed . In spite of what you think you know about him , Ed clark cared about you . He was one of most gentle people i ever knew . If you felt that way , why didn 't you grieve when he died ? What makes you think i didn 't ? You 're not the only one around here who has trouble showing their emotions . Hey . - Small sips , okay ? - Thanks . How 'd it go , with your parents ? It went . Anyways , who are you thinking about calling ? ( clears throat ) You know , it 's a tossup between no one and nobody . ( laughs ) There 's gotta be someone in your family you wanna call . Your parents ? No , they walked out on me when i was 16 . I haven 't seen them since . Everyone i care about is in here with me . Okay , what time exactly did dr . Barmal die ? 11 : 56 pm . Look , i know you have trouble with these kinds of things , But i think it might be good for you to say goodbye to liam . I did say goodbye to liam this morning . That 's different . You thought you were gonna see him tonight . Protocol to inhibit deterioration was administered when exactly ? 12 : 01 . So she was placed in the corpse cassette at 7 : 00 am . Stitch initiated 28 minutes after that . - Look , all i 'm saying is if you care about him- - - i do care about liam . But right now i care more about saving our asses And wasting precious time processing the emotions associated With making a phone call to my maybe / maybe not fiance - To say a veiled goodbye will prevent me from helping to- - - to save our asses . No , i get it , but here 's something you need to get . We might die and that is something you 're gonna have to face sooner or later . Okay . I 'm under the impression that dying is kind of a big deal , kirsten . Can we just talk about stuff we know about ? I know about this . When i was ten years old , i had heart surgery . Remember that scar ? I needed a valve replaced . The doctor said i had less than 50 % chance of living . My parents didn 't think i 'd survive . And when i did , they were very grateful . They were very scared . They didn 't want me overexerting myself . The playground ? Forget it . Sports ? Cameron 's too fragile for that . They thought if i exerted myself , it would kill me . So this scar is a constant reminder Of how fragile life is . And how fragile my parents thought i was . Well , i think that you have proven them wrong Several times over . Dr. Barmal killed herself to stop the virus spreading , right ? She assumed the virus would die with her . Yeah , and it did . She wasn 't contagious when she got here . The lab sensors would have detected that . Something we did activated the virus . It went live when she was in the corpse cassette . Which is a frosty 33 degrees . So the cold brought the virus back to life . When they found her in her apartment , She was slumped over in a scalding shower And the heat in her apartment was cranked to the maximum . Wait , she took a hot shower and turned up the heat to activate the serum ? She thought the heat would make it work . But she just realized it too late . Okay , wait , how hot can we make the lab ? Hot enough . We just need the serum from barmal 's lab . You are a genius . - You 're just getting that now ? - Crank the heat . Cameron : Who are you calling ? - ( clicks ) - fisher , it 's me . No , no , there 's no cake yet . We need your help . Please tell me you 're not afraid of heights . I 've never wanted to dive into the fish tank so badly . Cooling down would defeat the purpose of what we 're trying to do . With the temperature this high , when we get the serum , It should speed up the recovery process , And in the meantime , It may prevent the virus from spreading . - How are you doing , tim ? - I feel good . - You 're not sick ? - I 'm too big to fail . ( cell phone rings ) Fisher . He 's here . He got barmal 's serum from turner . ( buzzer ) I 'm accessing the elevator shaft now . ( alarm blaring ) - Oh , crap . - What ? Our security system detected a breach at the lockdown in the elevator shaft . The system isn 't recognizing it 's fisher trying to save our asses . Damn it , we 're locked out of the computer . Can 't we just unplug it ? I 'm sorry . - Tell fisher to get out of here while he can before- - - before what ? Before all the oxygen is sucked from the elevator shaft And fills with halon gas to kill any pathogens . This lab is really beginning to piss me off . He has 90 seconds . Okay , fisher , fisher . Can you hear me ? In less than 90 seconds , the elevator shaft is gonna fill with halon gas And you won 't be able to breathe . Fantastic . Kirsten ? Kirsten ! Cameron : Kirsten ! ( grunting ) - They 're locked down . - We need to force it open . Both : Tim ! ( grunts ) ( grunting ) ( groaning ) ( groans ) Save them . Save yourself . No one else is gonna die protecting me . Oh , my god . ( coughing ) - It 's all in here . - I 'll start with the injections . Okay , treat the sickest first . Good to see you , fisher . Well , i heard there was cake . ( laughs ) ( panting ) soon , fisher , soon . - Man : Lockdown complete . - Okay , so it looks good . We 've scanned the lab twice and it 's clean . - The high heat wiped out the virus . - How about my team ? Clothes are being destroyed , and the disinfecting protocol has worked . Not to mention the emergency delivery of barmal 's serum . All of our lab work has come back clean . There 's no trace of the virus left at all . You 're cleared to leave . ( laughing ) Well , that was fun . Now what ? How about the rest of the day off ? Thank you , boss . Ugh ! How are you feeling ? If i said lousy , would you come home and nurse me back to health ? He 's fine . Thanks , fisher . You know , i do have a first name . Yeah , i know . Thanks , fisher . You know what , guys ? Best birthday ever . ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶
