 [ narrator ] previously on dark matter . Where ever he 's going , what ever he 's doing , It can 't be good for us . You manipulated me , made me complicit in mass murder . [ grunt ] [ one ] what the hell man . [ four ] who are you and where is he . What are you talking about . Oh crap . Heir to the throne of ishida , until i murdered my own father . No , no you didn 't , you didn 't kill him . [ two ] okay , let 's go over the new supplies . Did you find the parts you were looking for ? They didn 't have a compatible regenerator assembly , So i thought we might go With these lithium oxide canisters instead . Is that a yes ? Yes . Also i got these welding goggles That are both practical and cool . If you say so . What 've you got ? Real meat , finally . And protein packs . Hmm . I 'm gonna go put these on ice . Sterile gauze , sutures , antibiotics , And these blue pills that-- - [ three ] those are mine . What is that ? Whiskey . Wasn 't on the list , but i remembered for you . You know what was on the list ? [ three ] what ? Juice . Got you covered . What are you looking at ? Someone was supposed to pick up seeds for hydroponics . That was four . Four , this is two , please come in . Four , where are you ? [ two ] he 's not here . [ three ] he 's not in his room either . [ six ] and his blade 's gone too . Where 's my brother ? I 'm sorry , denka . He could not make it . I 'm here in his place . I don 't like surprises . Then my apologies , because you 're not gonna like this one . Drop your weapons and stand back . [ katanas unsheath ] [ fighting noises ] ugh , oof , ahh [ katana slicing ] schwing [ katanas clanking ] Most of the time , he just blends into the background . You don 't notice him until he speaks up Or takes the last of the carrots . Maybe next time we should implement Some sort of buddy system . It wasn 't an oversight . I remember him coming back from the station . [ six ] so do i . He was here . [ three ] well he 's not anymore unless he 's hiding somewhere . [ one ] why would he be hiding ? Well sometimes i hide out in the vents When i need to be alone to think . I 'm tracking the location of his comm . [ computer buzzing ] [ android ] it 's here . [ two ] onboard the ship ? On the bridge . Found it ! He left his comm , he packed up his gear . Guys , i think it 's pretty obvious , He wanted us to leave without him . But why , he seemed happy here ? He seemed nothing . That guy was harder to read than that book he gave me . [ one ] that book is a classic . Whatever . The pig is a wimp and that spider 's a know-it-all . We should go back for him . So that what , we can confirm what we already know ? [ one ] he owes us an explanation . [ three ] he owes us nothing . Nobody on this ship owes anybody anything . He 's gone . Just let him go . What ? There 's something you should know . [ katana unsheaths ] [ both ] ahhh ! [ katanas clanking ] Agh ! [ both grunting ] [ katanas clanking ] ¶ suspenseful music ¶ [ clanking continues ] [ both grunting ] [ katana whipping ] He 's royalty ? A prince , next in line to the throne Until he was accused of murderig his father , the emperor . But he didn 't do it . They 're blaming him , but it wasn 't him . One : How long have you known about this ? A while . Didn 't we just have a conversation about honesty And trust and not keeping things from one an other ? But it was personal information . It was up to four to share it . Then why did you tell her ? Oh , well she knows everything . [ three ] oh that 's just great . Four 's a prince . He 's a terrorist- - we still haven 't figured out your deal . What is with all the secrets ? Is there anything that anyone here Wants to come clean about right now ? Hmm ? Because we 're gonna find out sooner or later . Anyone ? [ six ] okay , back to the issue at hand . What do we do ? [ three ] are you kidding me ? This changes everything . We go back . Oh , now you want to go back . Yeah , if he 's innocent , we should be there , To support him . That 's what friends do . [ six ] oh and by support him , you mean Be there when he regains the throne So you can take advantage of him ? We could all benefit from having a friend Like that watching our backs . If this is all true , it 's not going to be as simple As just going back and taking the throne . He 's been on the run for a reason . His step-brother will help him . His step-brother is probably emperor now . Why the hell would he help him ? Four always used to look out for him growing up . They were close . Well i 'm guessing things are a little different now . He could be walking into a mess of trouble . And so could we if we follow him . Which is probably why he didn 't tell us . [ android ] i contacted the space station 's authority . According to their security section , Someone matching four 's description Boarded a merchant freighter early this morning . The ship is currently in ftl but once it drops out , I 'll attempt communication . Wouldn 't want me to bleed out before my execution ? Imagine how disappointed everyone would be . Nowhere near as disappointed as i was To see you actually show up . I thought you were smarter than that . And i thought my brother was more honorable . I suppose that makes us even then . No denka , i 'm afraid you got the worst end of the staff . You almost sound disappointed akita-san . You had so much potential . Again . [ shinai banging ] bang , bang , bang Ryo ! Why did you hesitate ? I had already won the point . There was no need to strike father . Really ? What is it you think you 're learning here ? Swordsmanship father . No , you 're learning discipline . [ both grunting ] [ shinai banging ] bang , bang , bang Ahh ! You 're learning to respect our ways and traditions . Ahh ! Ugh . When you are emperor and your enemies find you vulnerable Do you think they will hesitate ? Ahh ! Ugh . Ahh ! I hate him . This is normal . I often despised my own father growing up . Your father was a great man who served this house with hono . But mine is a tyrant . He 's petty and cruel . Your father loves you . He 's preparing you to take the throne someday . You need to be strong And not allow your emotions to get the best of you . Hmm ? Time to go . [ one ] running a quality check on the whiskey i see . So ? What 's the verdict ? Haven 't quite decided yet . This is going to require very thorough analysis . People on this ship have an annoying habit of wandering off . So , you going after the general again ? You went to a lot of trouble to find him . And you almost had him . So i 'm wondering if something like that makes you reconsider . Or does it just make you more determined ? He made me complicit in the deaths of thousands And i wanted to kill him for it . Nothing else mattered . So i tracked him down and i got him . At least , i thought i got him . But you know what ? It didn 't make me feel any better . The anger was still there . Just shifted . What do you mean ? Alive , he was the target , the focus of my anger . But when i thought he was gone ... Well , there was only one persont to blame for all those deaths . He tricked you . I let myself get played . You still haven 't answered my question . Are you gonna go after him again ? Eventually . But i 'll take my time , partly because i wanna make sure I get it right this time , but mostly because ... For now , i need someone to hate beside myself . [ android ] sorry to interrupt , but i was finally able to make t With the captain of that merchant freighter . Is four onboard ? Not anymore . They dropped him off at a former mining colony , Apparently on an isolated and rather lawless planet . Why would he go there ? According to the captain , his passenger offered Very little in the way of ... Conversation . Sounds like our boy . Alright . Chart a course . [ akita ] you couldn 't have picked a more remote location . [ four ] independent territory , no government for you to buy of , And an area so densely forested You couldn 't land a shuttle within miles of here . I chose well . Which is why we need to quicken the pace . We don 't want to be caught out here after dark . Afraid of some wild animals akita-san ? Loosen my bonds and give me back my blade . I 'll protect you . From what i hear , on this world , Wild animals would be the least of our problems . So what happens when we get to the planet ? Provided he 's still alive , we find him and bring him back . That 's a brilliant plan . Did you brainstorm that one or was it a solo effort ? Finding him may be tricky , Especially if he doesn 't want to be found . Let 's say , for the sake of arguments , Say we do manage to catch up with him , It 's unlikely he 's coming back with us . So what are you saying ? We just forget about him ? He left . Like it or not , that was his decision . Ah , people change their minds all the time . Look at me . At one point , i was all set to leave . At least that 's what you wanted us to think , Until you realized no one gave a damn . Actually , the reason i stuck around to see how long it would Take for all them to figure out you 're a total fraud . Not that long it turns out . [ three grunts ] [ three laughs ] Agh ! Hey ! Knock it off ! [ three ] come on pretty boy . Oh ! Ah ! I said knock it off ! Ow ! What the hell are you two thinking ? Ask your boyfriend , he 's the one who threw the firs . I got nothing to say . He 's been in space too long . He 's going a little loopy . What 's so fascinating ? [ android ] i 'm running a full diagnostic . Why are you reading the results ? Isn 't your robot brain connected to the ship ? It is , but i find that visual observation Stimulates unique thought processes . In retrospect , it could be a symptom of my condition . What condition ? A possible flaw in my programming . It 's been brought to my attention that my behavior Is sometimes unreasoned , atypical of android standard . Weird . Yeah . Given your observation , how would you typify my behavior ? Weird about sums it up . In the event i 'm unable to identify the issue , A full reboot may be the only recourse . Sure , do what you gotta do . Hang on a sec . What does that mean full reboot ? You would delete my memory stores And current personality matrix . No-no-no-no - no way . Then you 're satisfied with my performance , Despite my aberrant behavior ? Hell , no . But i 'll be damned if i gotta start over With a whole other robot . That 's kind of him to say ! [ knocking ] Come in . He started it . Try again . He deserved it . Irrelevant . How is that irrelevant ? He 's an obnoxious loudmouth , everyone knows it . So what ? Maybe i just got fed up . No . I don 't buy that macho crap , I expect it from him ; not you . You 're smarter than that . What , i 'm smarter , so i should know better . He 's stupid and he gets a pass . I want us to be honest with each other . We can do that , right ? Sure . Right ? I know why i assumed jace corso 's identity And snuck aboard this ship . I came here to kill three . I ran a data search using my genetic info From the transfer pods at the last stopover . This is what it came back with . I had a wife . And he killed her . It says he was a suspect , the charges were never proven . Because they never caught him to stand trial . Obviously , i decided to take matters into my own hands . Do you remember her ? Even a little ? No . Should that make a difference ? You tell me . How do you mourn someone you don 't remember ? I don 't know . All i know for sure is that this is my life now . Trapped in this flying metal box , Constantly looking over my shoulder on the run . And he put me here . Like it or not he and everyone else on this ship Are all that you 've got . And how long before we turn on each other ? Before someone sells us out ? You said it yourself , according to five , Whoever wiped our memories did it because They thought we were dangerous . What does that mean ? It means they wanted us nice and docile So they could take the ship , Collect the bounty on our heads , or both . That was a lifetime ago . We 've already proven nobody remembers . So what 're you saying ? We 're all new people now ? Fresh start ? Everyone gets a do-over ? There was a time not too long ago when you would 've agreed That we could change , make up for past deeds . That was before- - Before what ? Before you found out you weren 't one of us . Some people turn bad , Circumstances push them in that direction , i get it . But some people are born that way . And they lie , murder , cheat , and steal . And they 'll turn on you , sooner or later , Because it 's in their nature . Three is rotten to the core . You know i 'm right . We all might sleep better if we cut our losses . Aren 't you gonna ask me ? Ask you what ? About the night in question . If i murdered my father . You 're not curious ? The truth will come out eventually . Why wait ? I 'm delivering you as ordered . No matter what you say , it won 't make a difference . Even if i 'm innocent ? Even if you tell me you 're innocent . I spoke to you that night , in the corridor . You were drunk , denka . And very angry . I should have escorted you back to your room but instead , I let you go , and that decision will haunt me to my dying day . I 'd just learned about my brother being sent away . You may not have liked it But sending your brother away was the right thing to do . He 'd become a distraction to you . And how ironic that he now sits on the throne While i 'm a thorn in everyone 's side . Your father always feared your impetuousness Would be your downfall . No . It was my predictability . When i went to confront him that night , My father was already dead . My step-mother had cut his throat And simply waited for me . You don 't seem surprised . Is it because you think i 'm a liar Or is it because i 'm finally confirming Something you had already suspected , which one is it ? As i said , i should have stopped you . [ six grunting ] Hiya ! [ six gasps ] [ six gasping for breath ] I think you 're lifting way too heavy . Y 'know , you 've been kind of grumpy lately . I 've had a lot on my mind . [ six grunts ] Look , if you 're looking for someone to play games with , Try the android . I 'm not here to play games , i 'm here to learn . I want you to teach me how to fight . No . Why not ? You were teaching one . And i 'm as much a member of this crew as he is . No , you 're not like us , and you shouldn 't want to be like us . You 've got our memories in your head . You know we 've crossed a line and we can 't ever go back . We can 't undo all the hurt we 've caused . And no matter how far or fast we fly this ship , Sooner or later that past is gonna catch up with us . And when it does , there 's gonna be hell to pay . So teach me how to protect myself . You want to know how to protect yourself ? Walk away . Take your share of what 's owed you , Get off at the next space station , And buy yourself a ticket to anywhere you want to go . But i don 't want to go . You guys are my friends . No , we 're not . We 're just a bunch of strangers thrown together by circumstance . You know how many of us would jump at the chance To abandon ship if it meant we could get away free and clear ? Every last one of us . [ five sniffles ] Look , i 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to hurt your feelings . I just don 't want to see you pay for our mistakes . Well , it 's too late . I almost died for you guys , Trying to dig your secrets from inside my head . And when that crazy android tried to destroy the ship , She was trying to kill all of us , including me . So , i don 't care what you say , i am a member of this crew . And if you don 't think so well then , maybe you should go . [ six growls ] It 's quite the tidy little plot if you ask me . Murder the emperor , blame it on me , take me out of the pictue So that her own son can take over the throne . Tell me , akita-san , has your sense of duty managed To smother what remains of your conscience ? You speak of honor and allegiance to the throne , But all you really are is a co-conspirator , A traitor to my father and everything that he stood for . I was like a father to you in ways he never was . I trained you , protected you , refused to give up on you Even when your own flesh and blood were ready to do so . Then you know me and trust me when i say , I will retake my throne and the usurpers will pay . I need your help , akita-san . Ah , i hate to interrupt you two lovebirds But you fellas look lost . This is a bad place to get lost in . My name is akita masahida . I 'm here fulfilling my duties as a royal officer To the court of ishida . This man is a wanted criminal And i 'm returning him to face justice . I request safe passage through your territory In the name of the principality of zairon . Well as the self-appointed governor of this territory , I 'm gonna have to respectfully deny Your request for safe passage and ask that you Hand over your valuables ... For inspection . You will be compensated for your help . Oh , yeah ? How much you got ? Nothing with me , but once i 've delivered the prisoner- - Ahh , you will come back right ? You have my word . You know what , i 'd rather them fancy boots you got on . Toss aside your weapons . [ chinese star slices through ai ] Ahh ! [ gunshot ] [ katana unsheaths ] [ men grunting ] [ katana slicing ] [ gunshot ] Please , i have a wife ... Children ! They can do better . [ katana slicing ] [ gun cocking ] Your sword , denka . [ two ] hey . Hey . One day i 'm scraping by on powdered porridge and the next , I 'm eating all the dehydrated veg chips i can stand . Success is sweet . And salty . You know that when i taste the green ones , There 's this little tickle in the back of my mind , Like i 'm trying to remember something , but i just- - I just can 't . It 's only the green ones . Here . I keep wondering maybe if i just think hard enough , Or eat hard enough , maybe i might remember . What ? Oh i don 't know , it 's like four with his weapons Or six with the marauder or five fixing things . It 's something i just have it 's like instinct . Muscle memory . Mhmm . It 's an action you repeat so many times It creates a long-term memory in your brain , one so powerful That flying or fixing or that , becomes automatic . Right . So tell me , when you found out one was really jace corso , Why 'd you keep it a secret ? I told you . I saw an opportunity , i took it , that 's it . And you weren 't worried about the potential consequences ? Consequences ? Guys about as dangerous as white bread . I 'm talking about you . You didn 't even consider that if the rest of us found out , It would hurt your standing with this crew ? I didn 't think i had a standing . Okay , yeah . I considered it but i decided to play the odds . It was the wrong decision , what do you want me to say ? That i learned a valuable lesson , sure . No more secrets . We need to trust each other . Do we ? Because we are who we are . We 're not gonna change . And more than likely , We 're just gonna fall back into our old habits . Muscle memory : Killing , thieving- - Betraying ? Somebody gutted our memories , probably because they thought It would make it easier to handle us . Make it easier to turn us in . One of us is a traitor . You wanna play process-of-elimination ? After you . Okay . Five . Computers and gadgets are her thing . Double-dealing and conspiracy not so much . Six is a suspect in a mass murder . Innocent or not , that type of rap sheet doesn 't offer much In the way of deal opportunities . Four , he 's got that weird nobility thing going on . He 'd rather lop off his own arm off Than dishonor himself by betraying us . Which leaves us with three possibilities . You , me , or one . We should stop . The only way we 're getting back to the ship is if i carry you And i 'd rather not . Let me dress your wounds . You have my word i won 't attempt an escape . Unlike my brother , my word actually means something . [ akita grunting ] I 've long-served the emperor with honor , Sacrificed and risked my own life for the court of ishida . But this is by far the most dift Thing ever asked of me . I wish they had sent someone else instead . Anyone else would be laying dead in the snow back there . True . A part of me looked forward to seeing you again , Honestly facing you in actual combat After so many years of training . And was i a worthy adversary ? You always were . More so today . But i honestly wish you had reconsidered your agreement With hiro and not shown up . On that we can agree . You claim your innocence , and you appeal to my conscience , But you do not press your most persuasive argument , I owe you my life . [ emperor ] three fleet destroyers , 48 fighters , Over 26,000 lives lost . The greatest military defeat in the history of zairon . What do you have to say for yourself , commander ? I saw the opportunity to press the advantage and took it . You blundered into a trap . I was reckless . I take full responsibility for my actions . Is it possible one of your generals forced your hand By striking preemptively ? No , kotei-sama . I ask you again , akita-san . Isn 't it possible that one of your generals responded rashly To the enemy provocation thus forcing your hand ? No , kotei-sama . Do you know what this means ? For failing in my duties as an officer of this court , death . Very well . You leave me no choice but to order your execution . [ four ] no ! Do that and you 'll be killing an innocent man . What are you doing here , ryo ? Accepting responsibility for the failed attack On the pyrian armada . Your son had nothing to do with- - While i appreciate the royal commander 's desire To shield me from your wrath , I respectfully remind him that i am no longer a boy In need of his protection . I alone bear responsibility for this disastrous campaign . I gave the order to attack . Kotei-sama . You ? Ordered a full-scale assault on the enemy forces ? You are always bemoaning my lack of killer instinct . I assumed you 'd be pleased . Akita-san , you are dismissed . We never spoke of that day . I never thanked you . Done . I owe you a debt . And that debt will be paid . [ man ] commander ! Where 's the rest of your squad ? Dead . Your orders , sir ? I 'm sorry , denka . Arrest the prisoner . You were late , so i decided to come for you . And well , you did . [ two ] thanks , boys . We 'll take it from here . Who 's " we " ? Me and my armed friends surrounding you . This man is wanted for the murder of emperor ishida nihei Of the principality of zairon . He 's being returned to his homeworld for trial . That man is wanted back on our ship . I believe we have a stalemate . Lieutenant ! [ shots fired ] bang , bang , bang [ shots fired ] bang , bang , bang [ shots fired ] bang , bang , bang [ two ] we spotted the group when we landed Followed them after they left their ship . Six is waiting for us at the marauder , Back that way about 30 minutes . The decision is no longer mine to make . I wish you luck , denka , but know this , Should our paths cross again , i will fulfill my duty As an officer of the royal court and bring you in . Of that , i have no doubt . Akita-san , i want you to deliver a message to my brother . Of course . [ knocking ] Listen , i know you 're in there . I just wanted to say i 'm sorry . Of course you 're a part of this crew . You 've earned your place here with us . And you 've earned the right to make your own decisions . Doesn 't mean i 've changed my mind . I still think you 're better off as far away from us as possible . But the truth is , when the time comes That you do decide to leave , i 'm gonna miss you , kid . I 'm gonna miss you a lot . [ hatch opening ] And i 'm sorry i said , you should go . And for calling you a big dumb jerk . You called me a big dumb jerk ? Later , when i was alone in my room . [ six chuckles ] Well , i guess i deserved it . Now , come on out of there . The android says we 're about 40 minutes out From a planet with waterfalls , pristine beaches , And tree fruit so sweet it 'll burst your eyeballs . [ five giggles ] The way i see it , you 're up one . One , what ? On that freighter , you saved me from getting blasted Out into space , plus one . But then i saved you a little bit later From those infected crazies so that makes us even . On the space station we both sorta saved each other , So we 'll call that a draw . And then when that robot tried to fly us into the sun , Well , i saved us all so , plus one for me . But then later you saved me so plus one for you , we 're even . And then there was today . I wasn 't keeping score . But me being up one sounds about right . We stood by and watched him kill an unarmed man . Didn 't exactly give us a lot of time to react did he ? Plus , it was a personal matter . Can 't help but wonder what kind of person We brought back on board with us . [ knocking ] Come in . [ door slides open ] [ four ] am i interrupting ? No . I 'm just going over ship systems . I wanted to thank you . It was wrong of me to leave without explanation . Why did you ? Truthfully ? I didn 't want to involve any of you , Have you risking your lives on my behalf . While i appreciate that , you 've got to understand , We didn 't go back just for you . We went back for us . We 're not just acquaintances that come and go . Now we have to fight for each other , no one else will . Then some day with your help , I 'll take my rightful place on the throne . And on that day , i 'll remember my true family , After i 've dealt with the old one . Mother ? ! Mother ? ! You tricked me ! You sent akita-san in my place and now he 's dead . Better him than you . I gave ryo my word that i would meet him . He promised to tell me the truth about what happened to father . We already know . Ryo murdered him . No . He claims it was a conspiracy from within the court . With who 's backing ? He didn 't say . He would only reveal the details of the plot Once we were face to face . And you believed him ? Ryo has never lied to me . I gave him my word . You made me a liar . No , my son . I 've made you an emperor . [ crew laughing ] [ the raza malfunctioning ] What was that ? [ sirens ] [ one ] what happened ? [ android ] three ferrous corp . Destroyers just dropped out of . Get us out of here . Their opening salvo took out our ftl drives . We 're not going anywhere .
