 Abraham : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , Killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest All across the globe animals have decided : " no more . " And so we were hired , A team of people from different backgrounds , With different specialities : An expert in animal behavior , A journalist , Safari guide , Foreign intelligence agent , And a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , Why it 's happening , And how to stop it . Previously on zoo ... Butler : The mother cell Is in every single product Reiden makes . It 's everywhere . It 's all over the world And it can 't be stopped . Where 's your husband ? Oh , my husband is back in paris . Although he never became my husband . I learned he was having an affair With my sister . Jamie : You 're talking about your daughter . Her name is clementine , she 's ten years old , She was diagnosed three years ago . Why aren 't you with her ? I 've waited too long . Uh , jackson , hey . Now 's not really a good time . Jackson : Jamie , listen to me . Ben killed the optometrist . He isn 't fbi . I don 't want to hurt you . Just give me the mother cell . Okay . That happened . ( rumbling growl echoes ) ( growling continues ) ( rumbling growl continues ) What is that ? ( growling continues ) The bears . Oh , wait , i 'm sorry . I ... No , no , no . I 'm ... Just ... Hey , uh , i wasn 't ready . We 're good . I have everything i need . This is ridiculous . I should just turn myself in . I know . You said that . Just drink the iced tea . It will make you feel better . Jamie : Look , seriously ... I shot a man . An fbi agent . I-i can 't just walk away from that . No , a man claiming to be An fbi agent tried to kill you And you defended yourself . Quite capably , as jackson says . But we can 't prove that . So let 's do something about it . Let 's prove that not-really-fbi-agent ben shafer Was working for reiden . Instead of ... Abraham : We will . We will ? Yes . How ? That i don 't know yet . But we 'll figure something out . Right now we worry about keeping you safe , okay ? 48 hours ? You said you could do it in two . I did . And i can . But only for repeat clientele . Consider us old friends and make it an hour . I need a name . For the passport . Um ... Armstrong . Nancy armstrong . What are you thinking ? It 's attractive , That 's for sure . I 'm also thinking there 's no way We can take this thing to the government . Not yet . Look , let 's assume for a second That everything that the chemist said was true . That molecules from this mother cell Are in every single one of reiden 's products . We still need proof That this is what 's causing The aberrant behavior in the animals . We need , uh ... I don 't want to say a " smoking gun , " That 's way too dramatic , but ... A " bloody knife " ? If we had a bloody knife , Then perhaps we could build a proper case . We 're going to paris . Not that i don 't love that sentence , but why ? What 's in paris ? A pack of four eurasian brown bears Were being studied for migration and feeding habits . Two days ago , Their trackers went offline . The bio-lab assumed it was just Interference with the satellite . Then , yesterday , one of the bears showed up In an apartment at the 16th arrondissement And nearly killed the woman who lived there . That bear is now apparently deep in hibernation In a research facility . Hibernating ? In the middle of summer ? Yes . And the rest of the pack are still missing . Sleuth . Pardon ? A pack of bears Is called a sleuth . Whatever . There ... There 's your bloody knife . Yeah , well ... If there 's evidence of this mother cell In that bear 's bloodstream , then ... That would do it . Perfect . When do we leave ? Chloe : Jamie 's passport will be ready in an hour . We 'll have just enough time to make our flight . Where are you going ? Drugstore . If we 're getting on a red-eye to paris , I need some melatonin . Assistant : Yes , i understand . Will he know who you are ? Okay , no , no , no , no , no . I-i 'm getting him now . You forgotten how to knock ? Have you ever heard of something Called the mother cell ? " the mother cell " ? What 's that ? I don 't know . But , uh , someone wants to talk to you . He says that he has the mother cell , And he 's willing to give it back . But he needs something in return . Transfer it . ( mouthing ) Hello ? Hello . Uh , you don 't know me , But you 're gonna want to listen very carefully To what i have to say . Abraham : So how do we tell If he 's been infected by the mother cell ? Bring me that tray of test tubes over there , will you ? I 'm gonna take a blood panel And hope that some foreign elements show up . If they do , i 'll compare their chemical structure With the mother cell . And if they match , we 've got our answer . Jamie : So , basically , You 're looking for a ... Fingerprint . Chemically speaking . Mitch : Look at you . Getting all sciencey . Ten drops each , In each of those test tubes . And as a backup , we 'll take a dna sample . Takes a little longer , But might as well while we 're here , right ? Would you mind taking a swab From our friend 's mouth , there ? Sure . ( monitor beeping speeds up ) He 's waking up . No , that 's okay . Says you . No , really . It 's ... Even in hibernation , A bear 's heart rate increases When a ... When a predator approaches . It 's nature 's little warning signal . Apparently , you 're quite predatory . Okay . This good ? That 's perfect . Put that in one of those little baggies over there . Huh . Huh , what ? His eye is normal . Jamie : Huh ? Come take a look . No defiant pupil . But that doesn 't make any sense . If he was exposed to the mother cell , His pupil should be ... All big and scary . Yeah . It should be . ( speaking french ) I think you 're wrong . You understand what they 've been saying ? Enough of it . Man : And you are ? And , uh , what , what are you thinking ? Uh , why is he wrong ? Look , these aren 't necessarily Normal bears . Exactly what kind of bears are they ? What do you mean , they aren 't normal ? I don 't know for sure . But , um ... But they won 't necessarily be acting Like you 'd expect them to . And like she said , Bears of a sleuth stick together . So if one entered the city , Most likely the others will , too . Perhaps they are traveling underground ? The sewers . Tunnels . The catacombs . And that 's why they haven 't been spotted . From what we 've already seen , These bears ... They 're unfazed by people . So if they want food before they hibernate , They 're gonna feed on whatever 's available . There are more than 300 miles Of sewers and tunnels that run under paris . I suppose we 'd better get searching . That was perfect . You motivated them , Maybe got them looking in the right direction ... Hey ! ( speaking french ) Uh ... Jean-michel lion , Jackson oz . Hey . Hello . Jean-michel is a civil engineer . I did not know you were back . Your sister said you left town . I 'm just here for a few days . And why are the americans , uh , interested In a pack of missing french bears ? I 'm sorry , i can 't tell you . ( groans ) secret affairs i understand , but , uh ... ( chuckles ) bears ? If i could tell you , i would . But i can 't . Okay . If i get any leads on where they may be , I 'll call you straightaway . Thank you . ( speaking french ) ( speaks french ) ( scoffs ) So that 's him , huh ? The ex-fiancé . That 's him . So ... There 's two beds in the guest bedroom . And the sofa opens up into a bed as well . The most important question is ... Where is the wine ? I hear you french are very famous for it . In the kitchen . Help yourself . So i ... No defiant pupil ? What does that mean ? I don 't know yet . But it doesn 't necessarily mean that the bear Wasn 't affected by the mother cell . Blood labs should be back in a couple of hours . Okay . But why else would a bear Be hibernating in the middle of summer ? There are two types of hibernation , okay ? One is what we normally think of- - Yogi bear goes into a deep suspended animation To survive a winter of scarce resources . The other is when an animal falls temporarily dormant , So that resources can be biologically redirected . What does that mean- - " redirected " ? Like , a ... Caterpillar Turning into a butterfly or ... When little kids sleep so deeply when they 're growing . So ... ( chuckles ) You mean you think that the bear 's changing ? I think it 's possible . The question is ... Into what ? ( cell phone dings ) Hey . Hey . Dinner 's almost ready . Cool . And we should , uh , Probably talk about mitch 's new theory about the bears . Yes . Delavane wants to see me . I 'll be back as soon as i can . Jamie ... Vino ? Thank you . But it 's nancy . I should get used to saying it . As far as names go , it 's not so bad . It was my mother 's . " armstrong " was her maiden name . Abdallah balogun . Sorry ? I had another name once , too . When i was 13 years old , My parents were killed in a raid . Me and my little brothers were taken in by the rebels . The united republic army . Malik and kalim . The rebels fed us And gave us shelter . But then a few days later , I was made to undertake a ... Initiation . ( men yelling , children clamoring ) It was their way of breaking me . Forcing me to ... Prove my loyalty to them . They gave me a gun . And a single bullet . I 'm told ... That i must choose ... Which of my two brothers I should kill . And i was told That if i did not shoot one of them , Then they would both be killed . I looked into the eyes of my baby brothers- - So sweet , so gentle . And i knew from that moment That they were both condemned . You see , one of them would die , But the other ... Like me ... Would turn into an animal . So i made the only decision i could . I chose neither . And i sent them both To a better place . ( gunshots ) Five years later , I escaped from the army And changed my name to abraham . And i went somewhere they would never find me . And even though I knew i did the right thing for my brothers , I 've been spending my whole life trying to make up for my choice By protecting the people i care about . My new family . And now you are part of that family , Too ... Miss nancy armstrong . Killed him ? An fbi agent ! A dirty fbi agent . At best . So you 've just said . Who ? Who killed him ? I can 't tell you . A member of my team . The good news is ... I 've been tracking channels , And there hasn 't been any chatter . None . It 's almost as if they haven 't discovered his body yet . But they will . And whether he was a real fbi agent on the take for reiden Or posing as an fbi agent , Either case , this is now a federal matter , Which means they won 't stop Until they find out who killed him , Which means eventually they will find us . And everything we are doing will become public , Which will make it impossible to do our job . So , what are you saying ? You want me to turn them in ? I 'm saying , agent tousignant , That you may not have asked for it , but nothing Is more important than the task you have been given . To figure out what is happening To the animals and how to stop it . I am doing that ! As much as you may have come to like them And want to protect them , None of the people on your team Are more important than your ability To complete that task . Do you understand What i 'm saying ? Yes , sir . Okay , but how do we get past the facial recognition ? It 's no problem at all . All we need is an employee with top-level access . Right , because why would that be a problem ? Chloe : Hey . How is it going ? Abe had an idea , a good one . About the bears ? No , about jamie . She can 't spend the rest of her life running . We have to get her out of it By proving that ben shafer was on reiden 's payroll . Okay . Reiden has an office here in paris . We 're breaking in . Jackson : So the paris reiden office only handles European contracts , but their computer network Is linked to the central system back in boston , Which means , if we can hack into their system , We can prove that ben shafer was on their payroll . And how are we gonna do that ? What , the hacking into the system part Or the proving it part ? Both . Here . It makes more sense if you drink this . Jackson : Okay . Uh , second part first . Uh , i 've done investigations like this For stories i 've written . Corporations keep track of every penny of their finances , So if there 's a payoff to ben shafer , It 'll be in their accounting records . We just access the finances and follow the paper trail . Presuming that he used his real name . Uh , agreed . It 's not necessarily going to be easy , But there 's always something . Uh , money that moves from one account to another . Numbers that don 't add up . A pattern . That 's your speciality , right ? Recognizing patterns . Okay , you say Once we access their finances . How are we gonna do that ? Jackson : That 's the cool part . See , as far as we can tell , All top-level reiden executives Have access to their entire computer network . But the system doesn 't use passwords . It uses facial recognition . So we just need to locate an executive with access And then trick their system into thinking They 're signing into their account . Abraham : And that 's where you come in . This is going to be a team effort . Even mitch . We 're presuming there are thousands Of documents to comb through , so we 're going to copy The records onto a computer with enough storage space . The one in the animal lab . And what 's my role ? You get to have some fun . Thank you . Hey , how 's it going ? Almost there . Six , seven , nine , seven , Dot , six , three , zero , dot , six , four . Six , three , zero , dot ... Six , four . Okay , got it . Good luck . Thanks . Hey . Six o 'clock , blue suit , black hair . He 's antoine belrose , senior vp , financial strategy . Got him . Belrose . Vp . Finance . Good luck . Why 's she stopping ? I don 't know . What 's wrong ? The security guard over there , i know him . He 's ex-dgse . I can 't do this- - he 's gonna recognize me . We have to get out of here . We need to come up with another plan . No . I got this , give me your phone . But abe 's right- - you got to get out of here . Excusez moi , uh , monsieur belrose ? Oui . Do you speak english ? Yes . Fantastic . Uh , my name is scott poison . Uh , i 'm with the msisimko safari camp back in africa . Have you been to africa , mr . Belrose ? Belrose : Africa ? ( chuckles ) no , i didn 't think so . Neither did the finance department back in the states , Which is why they nominated you for the trip . What trip ? I knew that you didn 't get our letters . That 's probably why you didn 't respond . For the work that you 've done for the company , You 've been nominated for a trip to africa , all expenses paid . You are joking , yes ? I mean , this is some sort of prank ? No , no joke , no prank . Apparently , you earned the company a fair amount of money Last year , mr . Belrose . Yes , uh , i did . Let me just get my calendar out here . Uh , we have open dates in august And october . Left . Though , um ... I would suggest the fall . It 's a much better time of the year . Yes . So how does that work for you ? Sure . All right , well , august it is . That 's it . Get your bags packed , And we 'll be in touch , mr . Belrose . Thank you . No , no , don 't thank us . Thank your colleagues back in the states . Come on , come on ... Mademoiselle ? Oh , thank you . Well , damn . They actually pulled it off . Dr. Morgan ? Your blood labs are back . Uh , dna profile , too . Thank you . Something is wrong ? No . I was hoping there would be something abnormal In the bear 's blood work ; it turns out there is . That 's , uh , good news , yes ? Yeah , that 's good news . This dna , however , makes zero sense . That 's abnormal , too ? It looks like it 's changing . ( monitor beeps ) I think he 's waking up . Yeah . Not good . Hand me some of that sedative over there . What the hell ? What ? It bent the needle . Feel this . Feels like armor . I don 't understand- - how is that possible ? I don 't have a clue . ( bear roars ) Okay , don 't move . Lab tech : Dr. Morgan , no ! Dr. Morgan . Dr. Morgan , are you all right ? Uh , yeah . Jackson : You injected it with what ? A microchip ... With an rfid tracker . What ? Why do you have a microchip with an rfid tracker ? In case anyone had any plans to release it back into the wild . How about this ? Don 't ask questions , just be grateful . Okay , where is he now ? Same as five minutes ago . He 's running through the woods ... Alongside the highway . It looks like he 's headed towards the , uh Meudon forest . The meudon forest ? Yeah , that 's what i said . The meudon forest is south , But according to the people from the bio-lab , That bear lived west , in les hauts-de-seine . So , if he 's not headed home , He 's headed towards the other bears . Listen , you know how we talked About the bears changing ? Well , i think they 've developed some kind of ... Endoskeleton . Wh-what do you mean ? A hard shell , like a hard shell Underneath its skin . Wait a minute , a shell ? You got to be kidding . Sadly , no . Abraham : Okay , so the wildlife services and the police Are waiting for us on the other side of the meudon . What are you doing here ? Told you i was fine . Well , i came to make sure You were as fine as you said you were . You missed quite a party . Yeah , i can see that . Hey , that 's a nice little scratch . I know , it 's hot , right ? Jackson : Okay . We 're at the forest , mitch , northwest corner . Where 's the bear ? In the woods . Due west of you . Looks like about ... 500 yards in . Looks like park services just got there . ( shots firing ) Jean-michel : So , is one of you going to tell me What is going on here ? What do you mean ? That bear has some kind of super thick skin . Huh ? It took three tranquilizer darts to bring it down . Is this some kind of next-gen weapon That your agency is experimenting with ? No . No . Still no leads on the other three bears ? No , but park service is going to cordon off the woods And do a grid search . If they are here , we 'll find them . Okay , we 'll help you look . Sure . What is it ? Where 's your friend jackson ? Jackson : Over here ! Abraham : Jackson . Ice cold . He 's been dead for at least a few days . Jackson : What is this place ? Jean-michel : It 's fort de châtillon . It was built in the 1870s , from the prussian war . They tore most of it down 40 years ago . What is it , rafiki ? Bear scat . Multiple tracks . Must be three of them . ( scoffs ) delightful . Jackson : Abe , look at this . Does that hole look big enough for a bear to get in ? Oh . Huh ? Guys , i mapped this place for the city . It 's a maze in there- - you 'll get lost . Do you have a gun for me ? Chloe : No . ( abraham humming softly ) Really ? What ? It comforts me . ( low snarling noise ) Jackson : Shh . ( snarling continues ) What is that ? The bears . They 're snoring . ( snoring ) There 's no signal . I can 't call or send . There 's only two of them . Where 's the third ? ( under breath ) : Come on . ( whispering ) : Okay , guys . That 's three . Can we go now and alert wildlife services ? Let 's go . When we were living together , I was always the one who killed the spiders . What is it ? This is where the bears were sleeping . Are you certain ? I remember the debris right there in that corner . Okay . Let 's get out of here . Come on . ( loud growl ) Just stand your ground . All right ? Don 't , don 't run away , But don 't let it think you 're a threat . ( roars ) No ! The other bears . We gotta stop him . ( growling ) ( growls ) ( screams ) ( growling ) ( roars ) ( growling ) You okay ? Yes . ( bear growling ) Hey ! ( dart gun fires ) Hey , bear ! Look right over here ! ( growling ) Come get me , buddy ! So my friend can shoot you in the back ! Huh ? Come on over here ! That 's right ! Right over here ! That 's right . ( roars ) Right over here . Nicely done . Any time . Merci . Mitch : This is the dna profile Of our bear from the lab . And this is the same bear 's dna Six years ago , when he was first tagged . It changed . Mm-hmm . Because of the mother cell . Uh , yes and no . What does that mean ? Okay , think of it this way : None of the earth 's creatures are born perfect . Right ? We all have genetic anomalies . Be it a birthmark , Double-jointed wrists , webbed toes ... But the anomalies that become the norm Are the-the ones that are adaptive . That are more useful to survival . Like opposable thumbs . What does it have to do with animals ? The traits we 've seen- - The bear 's endoskeleton , The-the bats flying abnormally high , Lions seemingly communicating over long distances ... They all make their species more capable of survival . Stronger , better . And what i think ... Just like our ancestors Developed opposable thumbs , I think the mother cell is just accelerating these mutations In the animal kingdom that we would see occur naturally , But not for another ... Several generations . Maybe a couple hundred years from now , Depending on how long it takes us to screw up the planet . But we 're seeing it now because of the mother cell . But here 's the good news ... If the mother cell can make A naturally occurring situation worse ... Maybe it can do the opposite . Mitch : Correct . But what 's the opposite ? The mother cell can cure the animals ? Dr. Morgan believes so , yes . He says it will take some time to figure out How to alter the mother cell 's chemistry To make a vaccine , But he 's convinced that his reasoning is sound . Wow . This is ... Exciting . Yes , i know . And the answer to the question You haven 't asked me yet is " no . " No , i am not going to cut loose The member of my team who killed agent ben shafer . And if you 're not happy With the way i 'm handling my assignment , You can feel free to replace me . But until then , Now that i know what 's happening to the animals , I am going to try to do my best to reverse it . If that 's okay with you . You surprise me , ms . Tousignant . Thank you . I believe you 're waiting for me . I 'm clayton burke . I had to lie to my wife . She doesn 't understand why i had to rush off to paris And miss our 24th wedding anniversary . And i have to tell my daughter why she 's dying , Even though there are people who have a medicine That could save her life . Her name 's clementine . She 's ten . We first discovered she had glazier 's syndrome When she was seven . So , basically , As long as she can remember , She 's been the kid who 's dying . I 'm sorry . That 's not what i want to hear from you . What i want to hear is : Yes , of course your daughter can have The drug that can cure her . Followed by the question : When can we deliver it ? I 'm assuming you applied for the stage three trials And your daughter was rejected because she 's too young . Maybe i 'm not being clear . I don 't want her placed in a trial . Seven years Of wildly successful trials Is enough to convince me That your drug will cure her . Three months of pills And she 'll be ... Symptom free . And how do you expect me to do that ? The entire program is Under intense fda screening . Every dose is accounted for . Not my problem , is it ? I 'll expect a call from you within 48 hours , Telling me where and when i can get my medicine . The mother cell . How do i even know you have it ? Have a nice day . Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
