 Claire : Previously ... I find you to be the most singular woman , claire . I 'm jamie 's wife . Claire : Word filtered out that the laird of lallybroch Had returned with his new bride . They 're criminals , out to line their own pockets . The money we pay is for protection . The british don 't take kindly To those who harbor outlaws . Why 'd you kill him ? He threatened me . Good . I never liked the irish bastard . Looks like this laddie 's on his way . Bloody hell . Now I 'm a man short . I could use a tall , strong scotsman Who 's swift with a sword . Claire : Haste ye back , or else . Congratulations . Some gave these to my mother . My father used to tease her about her admirer . Jamie : Ahhh ! We were ambushed . Get back ! Where is jamie ? The redcoats have him . ( folk music playing ) ( theme music continues ) Mrs. Crook : Yes , ma 'am ? You need to start milking the goat straight away . Yes , ma 'am . And then ask granny macnabb for some honey . She 'll ken what it 's for . Mrs. Crook yes , ma 'am . What 's your plan , then ? Claire ? Claire ! What do you intend to do ? I intend to get my husband back . Well , you cannot go alone . ( groans ) Allow me a moment to gather my strength and I 'll accompany you . You can 't go anywhere in your condition . You 're missing your leg . ( baby crying ) I 'll fashion another one . You 're not going anywhere with a wounded arm . You 're taking some of the lads with you , then . Mrs. Crook ? Fetch duncan and have him gather the tenants . The ones with proper weapons . Right away . No . Nobody is going anywhere . Nobody but me . We have to do something . Our laird is in the clutches of the english . If you engage with the british army to rescue jamie , Then lallybroch could face retribution from the crown . And your laird would not want that to happen . Especially on his account . Well , at least let me make myself useful . Give you a place to start . Fetch me a paper and ink . I 'll try my hand at a rough map Of where we were set upon . Claire : Please , hurry . Where on earth do you think you 're going ? You just gave birth . You can 't leave . You may be armed with a map And a fair knowledge of the area . But that 's worthless for tracking soldiers . Claire : She was right . I scarcely knew the terrain around lallybroch . I could live for a time off the land , but for how long ? I knew full well if I had any hope of finding jamie I 'd need help , If not divine intervention . Claire ? Yah ! Yah ! We 're very close . ( crows cawing ) Go on . Shoo ! Get off ! God , our father . Your power brings us to birth to guide our lives And by your command , we return to dust . Amen . God , our father , your power brings us to birth , Your providence guides our lives And by your command we return to dust . Amen . Amen . ( sighs ) Claire : I was reminded of the sad timelessness of war . Victors carry their dead from fields and bury them . The losers are left to slowly decay back into the soil . I found more tracks . East . Just as ian said . They have a cart . It 's heavy . It should be easy enough to follow . Hopefully , ' cause there 's a rather large Redheaded scot weighing it down . I 'm bursting . ( jenny groans ) I 'd no idea it flowed liked that . Aye , the bairn 's sucking starts the milk . Then all the child need do is swallow . Ah ! Feels much better . I cannot leave wee maggie too long . It 's a nuisance . Everything to do with bairns is a nuisance , almost . But still , I 'd never choose not to have them . No , you wouldn 't choose that . Do you think we 'll find him ? We have to . They 're still a few hours ahead of us at the least . They get to fort william before we do , I 'm afraid jack randall might finally finish what he started . I 've been thinking about that . I plan on avoiding him altogether By bargaining with lord thomas . He 's the commander of the british army in this area And randall 's superior . With any luck , he 'll be there . Why would he bargain with you ? I believe he took a shine to me when I met him at brockton . And from what I observed , He holds randall in absolute contempt . Sounds more like a prayer than a plan . Well , it 's better than no plan at all . Still warm . ( men 's voices in distance ) Man : Come on ! Get your horses ready . Soldier : Aye , aye , sir . No problem . There 's mr . Macquarrie . ( inaudible ) Where 's jamie ? Can 't see him anywhere . Jenny : Soldiers are at ease . No on guard . Do you suppose they 've killed him ? Why would they ? Because he 's a headstrong fraser . True , but he 's not daft enough To pick a fight with 10 armed soldiers . Man : Private , take this dispatch straight away . ( indistinct conversation ) Claire : Where 's he going ? I don 't know . But there 's one way to find out for sure . You all right , madam ? I almost trampled you . ( groans ) Again , what have you done with the other prisoner ? I 'll not let harlots talk to me that way . Untie me straight away . A harlot am I , now ? Only a slut would stoop to rob a king 's man . We are not harlots or thieves . We just want to know where the highlander is . The redheaded one . Go to the devil , the both of you . You don 't have to make this more difficult . A simple answer and we 'll be on our way . ( groans ) I don 't think you grasp the situation you 're in . I won 't be able to stop her once she sets her mind to something . An assault on a king 's man is an assault on the crown itself . The other prisoner ? Oh , no . Soldier : No , no , no . ( sizzling ) no , no , no ! No ! Oh , god ! ( screaming ) Where is he ? ( soldier groaning ) ( sizzling ) ( screams ) The highlander ? Enough ! It 's the only tongue the english understand . I beseech you . Just tell us what you know and this will end . Maybe if I smoke your bollocks , you 'll change your mind . Hold ! Hold ! Please . Please , lord god , hold . I 'm just a courier . Lord god , please hold . I 'm just ... Wait , wait ! I 'm a courier , please ! If he 's a courier , Maybe one of the dispatches will say something about jamie . I 've found something . If you break that seal You 'll both hang . Claire : It says they were taking him to the sheriff 's court in beauly But he escaped . The army is still searching for him . Well , nobody 's searching . Those few soldiers back in the glen Were taking macquarrie to the sheriff 's court in beauly . This dispatch is calling on the garrison At fort william to find jamie . And if they never read it ... Then they won 't know he 's escaped . He won 't go back to lallybroch . That 's the first place they 'll look . No , he 'll go north . Deeper into the highlands . The garrison won 't dare stray that far From supplies and reinforcements . Too chancy . ( sighs ) ( grunting ) What are you doing ? I 'm going to stop the burning and bandage his foot . Claire , we cannot allow him to live . I don 't know that . He knows we 're looking for jamie . How long do you think it 'd be Before they turn up in lallybroch If we left him alive to blab ? I ken you 're my brother 's wife , But I won 't be judged by you , claire . Pardon ? I can see in your eyes you don 't agree with my methods . Just because I don 't want to see the man murdered ? No , because it bothers you And there 's no room for sentiment like that here . ( gurgling ) He won 't be telling his tale to anyone . Next time , Hide your tracks better . I followed till I heard the screams . ( sighs ) Make camp . I 'll go find us some supper . Love forces a person to choose . You do things you never imagined you could do before . I wasn 't judging you . I just know that if murtagh hadn 't turned up when he did ... I would have done it myself . When the bottom log burns to ash , The next one will take its place . Should keep us warm till morning . For a lady from oxfordshire , You ken your way about the wilds . Hmm . When I was young , my uncle taught me how to survive outdoors . We had to take whatever the land offered . I picked up a few useful tips . Aye , I 'd say so . Where did you learn to track like that ? Jamie and ian taught me when we were young . They didn 't mind you tagging along ? Well , they knew if they refused , I 'd either skelp their lugs or bedevil their suppers . Bedevil their suppers ? Added a bit of seasoning . I 'd show them the wee beasties And tell them they 'd get plenty more when they least expected it If they didn 't teach me . So , ian sent you , I expect ? Aye , he thought you could use the help . But from what I 've seen so far , You two are natural outlaws . Supper . ( sighs ) The rents from quarter day . You might need it . You 'll take it and none of your nonsense . This belongs to ian . He has another one . Put it in the top of your stocking . Hold it with your garter . Never take it off , even when you sleep . Do you ken how to use a knife ? Yes . I do . Claire : It was clear that with murtagh 's arrival , Jenny had to go back to lallybroch and her infant daughter . However , I felt the burden of being a prophet . Jenny , I need you to do something when you get home . Plant potatoes . Potatoes ? They 're no grown in the highlands . They will be . The crop will keep for a long time And the yield is better than wheat . Aye . There 's none closer than edinburgh , But I can send for them . As many as you can . There will be a famine . A bad one in two years . Any land or property you have that 's not productive , Sell it now for gold . A war is coming , Slaughter . Men will be hunted throughout the highlands . Jamie said you might tell me things . Didn 't make much sense at the time . But he said if you did , I was to do as you ask . Those are the important things to do for now . God go with you , claire . I can leave knowing you 're gonna do whatever it takes To bring my brother back . Are we headed north ? Aye . Can you be more specific ? North , then west . You 're a wealth of information . Is there a place he might go ? There 's no telling . But the traveling will not be easy for him , Lying hid during the day And staying off the roads . Then how exactly are we supposed to find him ? We 're not . The laird 's gonna find us . What do you mean ? I 've brought the rest of your medicines . You need to establish a reputation Around these parts as a healer . You need to attract attention . Claire : I found out soon enough what he meant . We traveled openly and slowly , along the main roads And stopped at every croft , village and hamlet we came to . Claire : Okay , young man ... There , murtagh would make a quick survey of the local populace , Round up anyone suffering from illness or injury And bring them to me for treatment . ( groans ) Physicians , being few and far between in these parts , Were always guaranteed to draw attention . ( speaking indistinctly ) ( all laughing ) Get off ! Man : Get off ! Get off ! ( all booing ) Claire : Murtagh had his own way of attracting attention . Man : You 're like a sow in heat up there . Off ! ( all booing ) Man : You 're making me want to spend time with the wife ! Claire : These lines are contradictory . See how this one curves ? That means you 're going on a journey And ... It 's crossed by a broken line . Which means you 're staying put . There are strangers Who 've come into your life recently , Many of them . And if I read this right , and I do , One of them is a very tall , strapping , red-haired man . Have you seen someone like that recently ? ( exclaims softly ) No . Only man I 've seen of late is my husband . And he 's short , fat and lazy . But this red-haired , strapping man you speak of , Is he the one that 's to take me on a journey ? Possibly . Man : Sit down ! Are you sure ? Think . Perhaps you saw him passing through here . If I 'd seen him , lassie Would I be sitting here talking to you ? Well , I suppose not . ( crowd booing ) You have a very long and happy life to look forward to . Really ? But your husband doesn 't . Oh ! Thank you . ( crowd booing ) Dimwits . They wouldn 't appreciate a fine performance If it bit them on their backsides ! And you , Do you have to tell fortunes during my dance ? So I 'm to blame because you 're not a success ? You were a distraction . I couldn 't concentrate on my steps For worrying about you . It was your idea that I tell fortunes . I 'm just going along with the plan . Trust me , Jamie will come to us . Very few fortune-telling healers roam the highlands With a dancing fraser clansman in tow . Is there no other way for us to get the word out ? Words cannot travel by air . Not yet , anyway . Huh ? Never mind . No one I spoke to has seen him . Did you have any luck ? No . This isn 't going to work . Not with that attitude it won 't . â ™ ª suddenly â ™ ª the sky grew darker â ™ ª and there was a loud noise upon ... â ™ ª ( all applauding ) ( crowd cheering ) ( crowd laughing ) May I make a suggestion ? Perhaps you could sing a song to jazz up the dance a bit . Jazz ? To spice up , enliven . A song ? Yes . Something toe-tapping , like ... â ™ ª he was a famous trumpet man â ™ ª from out chicago way â ™ ª he had a boogie style that no one else could play â ™ ª he was the top man at his craft â ™ ª but then his number came up â ™ ª and he was gone with the draft â ™ ª he 's in the army now â ™ ª a-blowing reveille â ™ ª he 's the boogie woogie bugle boy of company b â ™ ª What ? It 's a bonnie tune . But you need a scottish song . Me ? ( crowd cheering ) And a new look . That 's jazzed you up a bit . Eh ? I look ridiculous . Aye , you do . ( crowd booing ) Where did you find these clothes ? They absolutely reek . This is going to help us find jamie how ? You nagged me to speed up the search . Well , a sassenach lady dressed as a laddie , Singing this bawdy song , That should spread the word . Well , I 'm sure this isn 't what I had in mind . Mmm-mmm . Bear ye one another 's burdens and so fulfill the ... Stop quoting the bible . It doesn 't suit you . Right . I 've warmed them up with a wee jig . ( murtagh clears throat ) Oh , fuck . â ™ ª here 's to all you lads and lasses â ™ ª that go out this way â ™ ª be sure to tip her coggie â ™ ª when you take her out to play ( all laughing ) â ™ ª lads and lasses toy a kiss â ™ ª the lads never think what they do is amiss â ™ ª because there 's kent and keen there 's aberdeen ( cheering ) â ™ ª and there 's none as muckle as the strathabogie wogie â ™ ª for every lad 'll wander just to have his lass â ™ ª and when they see her pintle rise â ™ ª they 'll raise a glass â ™ ª an rowe about their wanton een â ™ ª they 'll dance the reels as the troopers go over the lea â ™ ª because there 's kent and keen and there 's aberdeen â ™ ª and there 's none as muckle as the strathabogie wogie ( vocalizing ) ( crowd cheering ) â ™ ª he giggled , google me â ™ ª he was a banger â ™ ª he sought the prize between my thighs â ™ ª became a hanger â ™ ª and there 's kent and keen and there 's aberdeen â ™ ª but there 's none as muckle as the strathabogie wogie â ™ ª If you see a strapping redheaded fellow , let me know . There 's a big redheaded lad come through these parts . â ™ ª but there 's none as muckle as the strathabogie wogie â ™ ª and no there 's none as muckle â ™ ª as the wanton tune of strathabogie â ™ ª ( all cheering ) It 's our sixth village . How long do you plan on doing this for ? Well , as long as it takes . Jamie kens the song you 're singing well . His uncle dougal used to sing it When he had too much drink . You singing it is like lighting a beacon on a black night . I trust you , murtagh , but ... And airing your doubts is just your way of showing that , then ? No . Then that 'll be all on the subject ? Fine . I 'll keep my mouth shut . Aye . Till we reach the horses , I expect . ( inaudible ) ( inaudible ) ( inaudible ) ( rhythmic clapping ) ( all cheering ) ( crowd cheering ) For the show , any alms . Alms , alms for the show . That flat-footed lummock has no feeling for the tune . None . I 'll see about securing a spot for you Once this clodhopper is finished . Crowd seems receptive enough . ( music stops ) ( all cheering ) And now I give you , The sassenach ! â ™ ª here 's for every lad and lass that goes with that way â ™ ª be sure you tap her coggie when you take her out to play â ™ ª the lads and lasses toy and kiss â ™ ª the lads dare think what they do is amiss â ™ ª because there 's kent and keen and there 's aberdeen â ™ ª but there 's none as muckle as strathabogie wogie â ™ ª and every lad 's a wander for to have his lass â ™ ª and when you see her pintle rise â ™ ª you raise your glass â ™ ª an rowe about their wanton een â ™ ª ( men laughing ) Claire : It 's no laughing matter . A song is a song is a song . No one can claim the words . They 're like birds on the wing . If one can cage them , they own them . It 's ours , you 're filching it . You won 't be using it again . What my companion is attempting to say Is that it 's a very special song . That 's precisely why we chose to use it . Delivers the crowds . Not my taste , But the highlanders seem to delight in ribald language . And we added a proper dancer . You have a servant . Clearly you 're in no need of funds . A respectable english lady Traveling through the scottish countryside Posing as an itinerant performer . No . You do this for either politics or love . It 's not politics . Wise . You don 't want to involve yourself in his majesty 's affairs . But love , after money Is what matters most in a gypsy 's heart . Murtagh : Bloody christ . Since when do gypsies have hearts ? Spoken by a man who has no soul . Enough . I 'm searching for my husband And I have to sing that song . And once I have found him I promise you , I will never set foot on stage again . Give me your word that you won 't perform that song again . You have my word . Murtagh : You might as well have dropped that money in a ditch . His word is worth hee-haw . Desperate times call for desperate measures . I think it 's what jamie would 've done . You 're no listening . That gypsy all but told you he 'd carry on performing that song If it earns him money . I have to believe That a man who looks you in the eye And gives you his word will keep it . The gypsy will keep using the song . So you 'll be singing it . They 'll be singing it . Jamie won 't know which song to come to . Go on home to lallybroch . I 'll track the gypsies . Easier for me on my own . You won 't slow me down then . No , he is my husband . You can 't understand how that feels . Besides , I outrank you , do I not ? I 'm pledged to the laird . And I am his lady . And I 'll continue singing that song Until I find him . ( inaudible ) ( inaudible ) If you look hard enough , you might just see the americas . It 's the only place you haven 't sung that damn song yet . Cannot sleep ? Of course not . Good . What does that mean ? I 'm a fool for trailing after you . At least I ken that much . But you ? You 're stubborn And you will not listen to anyone but your own self . You insisted you 'd carry on singing this song . We 've still no sign of the laird . Are you blaming me for our situation ? I am . This whole farce was your plan . And it was fine Till your dealings with the gypsies . Fine ? Nothing about this search has been fine . Perhaps it has for you Because you 've never lost someone that you 've loved . You ken it all now , do you lass ? I lost someone At a mackenzie gathering many years ago . My face had less weather on it then And she was sonsie lassie But she had another suitor . So I thought to prove myself worthy of her . Be the kind of man she 'd desire . During the tynchal hunt , I alone killed a wounded boar using just a dagger . The mackenzie was so impressed by the deed , He gave me the tusks . I made them into bracelets And gave them to the lass as a wedding gift . It was you ? You think you 're the only one that loves jamie ? He 's a son to me . I 'm sorry . ( crying ) I can 't bear it . ( muttering indistinctly ) What are we going to do now ? Where do we go ? Until we ken otherwise , We go back to the beginning and start again . All right . First things first . The horses , They need to be fed and watered . I gave away most of our money . We 'll manage something . No . You 'll have a long and happy life . Mr. Ward , I didn 't expect to see you again , Unless you came to have your fortune read . I broke my word . We 've been performing your song And doing quite well at it . I had heard that gypsies aren 't trustworthy . I 'd hoped it wasn 't true . Well , I trust you haven 't come all this way looking for absolution . Is everything all right here , lass ? It 's fine . Mr. Ward was just leaving . I 'm here in the name of love . We were performing near achnasheen . A messenger left word . And what 's that got to do with us ? The message was for the lass playing your role . Clearly , it was meant for you . This message , what did it say ? I don 't just give information away . Even to those with the soul of a gypsy . I 'll give you nothing . Now , you better leave Before my companion here Decides to lend you a hand . You 're to go to glen rowan cross with all due haste . Is it jamie ? He kens the place . So do I. Thank you . From one gypsy to another . Jamie ! Sorry to disappoint you , lass . We were hoping for ... I ken what you were hoping for . I couldn 't send for you by name . Risk my location being found by those unsympathetic to the cause . Smuggling now , are we ? For prince charles nascent rebellion ? I didn 't send for you to debate politics . You can stop your searching . I 've news of jamie . He 's alive . He was taken at achnasheen . Drawn by your song . Met six redcoats face-to-face Around a turn in a path . One recognized him . Was he hurt ? He 's in wentworth prison . Stood trial three days ago . Condemned to hang . When ? Today ? Day after . Not long . We have to hurry . Wait , wait . Hey ! No , no , no , no . No , murtagh . I need to have a word with the lady , alone . I 'll be fine . Claire , I understand that you 're grieving . I do . It 's hard to accept that jamie 's gone . I know that . But you have to let him go . You said he was still alive . There must be something we can do . There is . Come back with me . What ? I 'll protect you . I don 't need protection . I need my husband . I can protect you , as your husband . Get your hands off me . Now , listen to me , claire . I will do no such thing . Have you no shame ? Your nephew Lies rotting in prison under a death warrant And you make a play for his wife ? I 've never known you to act like an empty-headed woman before , So don 't start now . What about geillis ? I thought she was your true soulmate . Your star-crossed lover Carrying your forbidden child . Both of them burned at the stake And here you are looking for another woman , Her friend , To warm your bed . We won 't talk about geillis today . This is about you . You 're a widow ... Well , if not now , you soon will be . An english widow . With no money , No property to call your own . Save that poor fraser land you 'll inherit . And how long do you think it 'll be before captain jack randall Comes knocking at your door at lallybroch ? The frasers will protect me , thank you very much . In the same way they protected jamie ? No , you 'll be back in his hands The minute he takes his fancy . And there 's nothing that those poor farmers can do about it . I thought those poor farmers Were going to be the backbone of your jacobite army . You 're being clever , not wise . The only way to keep you and lallybroch safe Is to come under my protection . As war chieftain of the clan mackenzie . Lallybroch ? So that 's what this is really about ? You want to control the fraser lands . That 's what you 've wanted all along . That 's why you kept jamie away for years By telling him his sister bore randall 's child . Because you were hoping for an opportunity To bring them under the mackenzie banner Before their rightful laird could return . All that may be true . But it doesn 't alter your position . Now , what would jamie want you to do ? Well , he wouldn 't want me sleeping with his uncle . Hey , listen to me . Listen to me . He loved you , yes , I know that . More than I suspected when I proposed you wed . Now , he was a man of deep feelings . Don 't you dare speak about him as if he were already dead . Now you think what you want of me , Of my motives or of my politics , or even my honor . But you know ... You know jamie . You know how he felt about randall . If marrying me was the only way To keep you out of that bastard 's hands , He would tell you to do it . Now Look me in the eye and tell me I 'm wrong . ( breathing heavily ) How many men are there with you ? What ? How many ? Ten . I know what you 're thinking , ( chuckles ) but there is no way on earth That so few men can force their way into wentworth prison . Jamie led only a handful of men When he rescued me at fort william . What 's the matter ? Are you scared you 're not as good as him ? I 'll not be baited by you , claire . You 're blinded by love . Wishing for things that can never be . Would you give up your dream Of a stuart king on the throne without trying ? No . And I won 't give up on jamie without trying . He 'll be dead before you get there . And what then ? Then I 'll marry you . If there 's a chance that I can save him , then I have to try . But if I fail Or if he 's already dead , I will marry you . I 'll not force any of my men To go to their deaths . But I 'll not stand in the way of any That choose to go . Look , I like the lad . But it 's wentworth . There 's no chance . Bloody cowards . I understand your hesitation . What I 'm asking is daunting , But I know , if the situation were reversed , Jamie would come for every single one of you . The same mackenzie blood Runs through all your veins . Willie : I 'll go . Laddie , stop your nonsense and get back behind me . You 're too green to ken what you 're saying . Jamie 's always looked after me . Protected me . On the road . At leoch . And I ken if it was me about to meet the hangman 's noose , He 'd come for me , try to set me free . Whatever you call for , mistress claire . My life is yours to command . Thank you , willie . You have more courage than all the rest of them put together . You honor your blood . Hell 's fire . Cannot let the wee scunner go alone And have all the fun , can I , eh ? Aye , me neither . You see when this goes wrong , I 'm killing you first for getting us involved . Even before the redcoats stretch your scrawny neck . Now , that was the easy part .
