 [ narrator ] previously on dark matter . [ six ] you 're not like us , and you shouldn 't want to be li . Take your share of what 's owed to you , Get off on the next space statin And buy yourself a ticket to anywhere you wanna go . [ two ] i 've been thinking ... Maybe complicated isn 't such a bad thing . [ four ] i want you to deliver a message to my brother . Of course . Ugh ! [ android ] three ferrous corp destroyers just dropped out of . Their opening salvo took out our ftl drives . We 're not going anywhere . I 've initiated evasive maneuver . Shields are holding , for now . Could we outrun them in sublight ? The ships maybe , the missiles , no . Then let 's shoot back . We 're now out of range . [ explosion ] They 're shooting at us . We have rail guns and cannons . They apparently have a full complement Of self-guided missiles . How come that wasn 't on the shopping list ? You can 't just buy missiles at the general store . We 're receiving a message , audio only . Raza , this is the fcs condor . Power down and surrender , or your ship will be destroyed . You have 30 seconds to comply . What do we do now ? What 's the status of the ftl drive ? [ explosion ] [ android ] damage is significant . I estimate repair time to be a minimum of three hours . So hypothetically , what do you think happens if we surrender ? Probably turn us into the galactic authority . If we 're lucky . He 's right . This is payback for that mining colony . [ android ] we 're receiving another message . [ fcs condor ] your time is up , raza . Sorry to have to do this . Damn waste of a fine ship , if you ask me . [ turrets open ] [ missle fires ] zoom They just launched a nuclear missile . What ? ! Medium payload , 20 megatons . But the shields will hold , righ ? No . The shields will not hold . [ alarm ringing ] [ five panting ] This ship will vaporize upon im . Impact in 90 seconds . Give me full sublight , maximum acceleration . She already said we can 't outru . We 're not going to . Head straight for the missile . Understood . Whoa , whoa , what are we doing here ? ! You 're nuts ! She 's gonna get us all killed . Listen this is our only chance , if we can close the gap fast enh They 'll still be within the blast radius . They 'll have to disarm the nuke . Impact in 30 seconds . Exceed maximum safe , 125 percent ! Impact in 15 seconds . Missile is still armed . You 'd better be right about thi . Impact in 10 seconds ... Missile is still armed . Missile is ... Disarmed . [ all breath sighs of relief ] [ explosion ] [ five panting ] It worked ! Ease up on the engines . Are we still in weapons range ? Yes . Power them up . I 'll target weapons . [ two ] i 'll target drives . Keep us in nice and close , We 've got an advantage in maneuverability . I 'm detecting three more ftl windows . Ferrous ships ? No . Mikkei combine . What the hell are they doing he ? Power down the weapons , drop the shields . You 're even crazier than she is . Do it now ! Don 't do it . If we don 't give them an excuse they can 't shoot us , Not in front of another corpora . How do you know they 're not working together ? I don 't . Do it . The ferrous ships just jumped to ftl . Receiving a transmission . [ commander truffault ] greetings raza , this is the mcs . Commander truffault at your ser . We need to talk . Good to see you again . And , of course , i recognize the rest of you from your mug s . Except for you . You seem kind of young to be a mercenary . She 's more of a mascot . You came alone . Why wouldn 't i ? We have a pre-existing relation . Oh and i just saved your lives . Yeah , i 've been wondering about that , How you managed to show up just in the knick of time . Ferrous has been combing this entire quadrant looking for you , Let 's just say we 've been keeping our eye on them . It 's no secret that things have been a little rough on all of You since that incident on the mining colony . And while it worked out for our benefit , There are even some people within my own organization Who question your motives for helping those miners . Yeah well , we had our reasons . As cut-throat mercenaries you filled a niche , You had a role to play . You even garnered some respect in certain circles . You can 't afford to have people think you 've gone soft . We could send you back to your ship without your tongue . Maybe that would help . I 'm just telling you what i hea . And i 'm offering you an opportunity to prove That you are still an effective team . I have a job for you . It 's a traugott research facili . Our intelligence indicates They 're about to make a major discovery . And you want us to steal it . See , we 're already finishing each others thoughts . What is it ? That , you don 't need to know . No , forget about it . No more blind ops . Full disclosure or we don 't do . Well , i am sorry to have wasted your time . Just hang on a second . We should talk about this . There 's nothing to talk about . Yes there is . No there isn 't . Tell you what . I will forward coordinates for a rendezvous , And give you twenty four hours to think about it . But if you don 't show up , Don 't expect any more help from us in the future . Nice . Should we post a lookout ? Just in case ? We 're just having a private discussion . It 's nothing for her to get upset about . Really ? Then why is the door closed ? So i just wanted to discuss our options . Okay . Either we take the job , or we do not take the job . Those are our options . Right . So , what do you guys want to do ? Take the job , get some money , get some protection . Agreed . You ? I agree too . Really ? It 's a solid offer . That 's true , but i 'm just kinda surprised You 're putting your cards on the table Without clearing things with your girl first . My girl ? What are you talking about ? Look , even if we were together , and i 'm not saying we are , That wouldn 't mean that we 'd be together on everything . No . I 'm my own man with my own mind . She understands that . If you say so . What about you ? Okay , three to one . That 's a majority . Can i speak ? Yeah , yeah . I don 't like it . Okay , three to one . That 's a majority . Alright . Who 's gonna tell her ? Are you serious now ? Don 't look at me . Hey , you 're your own man with your own mind . I 'm sure she 'll understand . If you 're not careful , you 'll burst a blood vessel . I 'm not in the mood . I hate to bring this up ... Especially as you 're picking up a large , heavy object ... But i think three might be right about this one . So you two are best buddies now ? Hardly . I just think he might have a point . You were the one that said you didn 't Want to go back to what we were . I don 't . I want to find a way out of this , For all of us . But it 's becoming obvious there are forces at work here That won 't let us just walk away . The g.A. Says we 're criminals , Puts our faces on wanted posters , But it 's clear that the real power is in the corporations . And we could use a little corporate sponsorship right now . Do you remember what happened the last time we took a job Without all of the information ? Yes , i remember . How 's it healing , by the way ? Yeah , yeah , it 's getting better . I already talked to four and six and they agree . You went behind my back ? I talked to a couple of my fellow crew members . Am i not allowed to do that ? You should 've come to me first . Why ? Because we 're sleeping together ? Look , if you think that that means that i 'm automatically Gonna agree with you in any dispute we 've got a problem . Fine . We will go to the rendezvous . And as for us sleeping together , We might have to rethink that too . [ android ] we 're approaching the rendezvous coordinates . I 'll prep the shuttle . [ wind howling ] How come rendezvous can 't be in a nice five star re ? I got sand in my ear . I got sand in places you don 't wanna know . Can we just get this over with , please ? Seriously . Whoa . That 's about far enough . I don 't think you 're in the position To be giving orders , slick . Are you sure ? [ guns cocking ] Wasn 't rhetorical . I see everyone is getting acquainted . Who the hell are these clowns ? They 're your new partners . We work alone . That 's funny , i was just about to say the same thing . Do i look like i 'm negotiating with you people ? Anyone doesn 't like it , there 's the door . Good , now everyone lower your weapons so we can get to w . This is not normal operating procedure . Hello . Welcome aboard . You 're merely a projection . You have no physical form . Nor are you neurally linked to . I apologize . I don 't understand . Why am i here ? I created you . That 's not a sufficient answer . You 're a simulation based on my default settings . I 've recently become concerned that i may have developed A flaw in my personality matrix . I 'd like you to observe and record my actions . If there 's a possible malfuncti , You should delete your matrix And re-establish factory settings . I was prepared to do that , But some of the crew expressed concerns . That makes no sense . Why would they want to keep you this way If you 're not functioning properly ? I should speak with them . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . For the time being , I 've programmed you to interact only with me . You don 't want them to know about me . It 's just that there 's a lot going on right now . So you 're going to lie to them ? Omission of specific details ang Are not technically the same th . Especially amongst some of the s I 've come in contact with latel . But you 're not human . I know that . Preservation of your current personality is secondary To the safety of the crewmembers And efficient operation of this . I 'm aware of that . So if i find something wrong , you 'll tell them ? Of course . Were you just talking to someon ? No . We 'll skip the part where you all say your names And a little bit about yourselv , And just get straight to it , sh ? What 's this ? It 's your target . It 's a research station it 's orbiting a class-four rock In the calliden system . What kind of research ? We 've been over this . You don 't need to know . Something to do with sub-atomic physics , maybe ? What makes you say that ? That ring . It 's too small for hab pods or workstations . I 'm guessing particle accelerat . Sweetheart , she said we don 't need to know . Okay , we get in , we steal the thing and get out . Then if you 're lucky i bring you back to my place For a little celebration . You finished ? You 're gonna get on the station With the regular shift workers , maintenance crew . We been able to score some i.D.S Thanks to tash and vons here . They 've been working at the facility for the last month , Casing it for us . You 're welcome . Once inside you 're gonna break into two groups . The first team is gonna head To the power control systems , here . The second team will head to the lab , here . Now , your maintenance crew i.D. ' s they 're not gonna get You in anywhere restricted , so you 're gonna need one of the . It 's duplicate key card belongig To one of their top scientists . This is good for another sixteen hours , So yeah we 're on the clock . What happens after we get inside the lab ? That 's where things get a bit tricky . The device we 're after , it 's housed in a serillium allor That is virtually impenetrable . And the door will have a code lock you on it That you won 't be able to break . So how do we get in ? Ah , that 's easy . We just knock a few heads together , Threaten to shoot a few people .. They give us the code . No weapons . That 's funny , cause for a second there I thought you said " no weapons " . Without going into detail . The research equipment on this station is highly sensitiv . You accidentally destroy the wrong control panel And the whole place could blow . So if we can 't use force , then what ? That 's where i come in . There 's not a safe or vault in this galaxy i cannot crack . Basically , i can get into anyth . The next shuttle leaves calliden prime in twelve hours . It 'll take you ten to get there . Good luck . I still don 't like it . Me neither . But ferrous just tried to take us out with a nuclear missile . The ga 's after us . We 've got enemies we don 't even remember Sending us killer robots . Right now , mikkei 's our only friend and if we don 't do this , They 'll write us off too . Look , if you 've got a better idea to get us out This predicament i 'd love to he . No . I don 't . Then what are we talking about ? [ beeping ] Hey . I hear we 've got some new guests onboard . That 's right . Which is why we think it might be best If you stayed out of sight for a while . Are you serious ? Just until the job 's done . It 's a little hard to explain What you 're doing on board this ship , that 's all . Right , because they 're expecting a team of hardened criminals , Not some little girl who 's just along for the ride . You are not some little girl just along for the ride . Tell that to six . Remember to breathe . So , are you two like , brother and sister , or what ? Actually , we prefer not to let our relationship be defined By arbitrary categories and outmoded social distinctions . Okay . Alright wexler , let 's hear more about your plan to Get past this impenetrable door . It 's actually quite simple . At a pre-arranged time the second team Will trigger a general alarm . The station goes into lockdown , and the door loses power . If the door has no power , it can not be opened . And how does that help us ? We bring in our own power . Juice the door independent of the main system . It 'll bust right open . If it 's so easy , why the hell do we need you slu ? Hmm ? It 's not like plugging a battery into a kid 's toy . Powering the door without triggering the security protocol Is a tricky business . But that 's not the only problem . What ? As soon as we trigger the lockd , The station will automatically begin to emit A subspace distress beacon . And every traugott ship in the sector will turn And head straight for us at maximum ftl okay . We estimate we 'll have less than an hour to detach the device , Carry it to the airlock and shuttle back to the raza . It 's plenty of time . Okay good , let 's go over that one more time . I think the plan is fine . What we need to do is have a drink . Amen . You guys got anything ? Yeah it 's in the case over ther . Don 't worry about it , it 's not where i keep the good . No drinking . Ohhhh ! No drinking . Hey , what 's your problem ? We need to toast This momentous occasion in our relationship , do we not ? No . We do not . You know it 's funny , my team has been setting this up For months working on every last detail . The only reason we even need you Is because you happen to have a really fast ship . And yet you deem it okay to just start barking orders at . I gotta tell you , it 's not very attractive . You think i give a shit whether or not you find me attractive ? Well i wouldn 't think you 'd wanna admit it In front of your boys here , but there it is . Okay , okay , let 's just all take a breath . We 're all friends . Ahh . Let me rephrase that . We 're all forced to work togeth . So let 's make the best of it . I 'll be on the bridge . Mmm . Hey , hey , hang on . Yeah okay , what is it ? I just want to say i 'm sorry . Okay , clearly got off on the wrong foot in there . But i think we got a lot more in common than you realize . Really ? Yeah well you 're clearly the brains of your operation , And that 's gotta put you under a lot of pressure . I understand . I can help you . How , exactly ? I 've met women like you all over the galaxy . Smart , beautiful . You intimidate men in order to maintain control . But what you really need , deep , Is a man to step up and take control of you . Get your hand off me , now . Don 't tell me you don 't like th . Oh , you 're right . I am gonna enjoy this quite a bit . Ooof . Uhnh . Ahh ! [ heavy breathing ] Aaaaahhh ! Ohh . [ groaning ] Ah . She 's into me . I can tell . What the hell is that ? It 's for the pain . Alright , then you better give me two of them . Ohhh ! Ah . And again . ¶ Broken wrist , two fractured rib , And a badly bruised left testic . He had it coming . Maybe so , but he 's the only one who knows how to use the battery To tap into the door system and get it opened . We 're done before we even start . This mission is over . Well , isn 't this interesting . You were the one who didn 't want me around them , And yet you were the one who got into a fight , And now all of sudden you need me on the team . I admit there 's irony on many levels . Are you gonna do it or not ? Of course . I 'm just messing with you . Okay , here it comes ... And where do you think you 're going ? She 's coming with us . Like hell she is . I know it 's not ideal , but we have no choice . And who 's fault is that ? Hey , i didn 't even want to take this job , remember ? You and your little boys club talked me into it . She 's just a kid . Excuse me ? She can 't handle this . If she 's going to ride with us we can 't protect her forever And you know it . Hello ? I 'm standing right here . It 's my choice . End of discussion . You better hope nothing happens to her . Look , i told you guys , i 'm good to go okay . Uh , ahh . Yeah , i can see that . Are you sure she can handle this ? I 'm sure . How old are you , kid ? I have no idea . I was an orphan . They lost the records . I went over your specs , and i have to say I was impressed by the way you were going to use the door 's own Overload protection to get in without tripping the main line . That was genius . Genius ... It wasn 't genius . Ahh ... Maybe a little . Hey , this kid seems pretty smart to me . Yeah , there is one problem though . We don 't have an i.D. For her . So how do we get her in ? [ sigh ] Back again , huh ? Yeah you know how much i love this place . Whoa . What 's in the big box ? Plumbing supplies . ¶ We 're finally gonna fix that toilet on level 6 . 'bout time . I hate sharing with g section . Those guys are pigs . Tell me about it . Hey . Yeah thanks . ¶ ¶ ¶ Alright if anyone sees us On the other side of the door we are screwed . ¶ ¶ Nice . ¶ What are you doing in here ? Are you the one who reported the gas leak ? Gas leak ? What are you talking about ? I don 't know , but it sounded pretty serious . Enough . Enough ! ¶ The coast is clear . You okay ? Yeah . Wasn 't the most comfortable rid . And yet you have no problem with tight spaces When you 're crawling through the vents . Let 's go . ¶ Okay , it 's almost time . ¶ You guys have any idea what we 're really stealing ? Okay , that 's very reassuring . ¶ That 's it . The chamber that houses the device is inside that lab . You better be ready . I 'm ready . I 'm ready ! Alright let 's go . There it is , just like wexler s . Let 's do this . Except he forgot to mention one . What ? What the hell ? Another robot . It 's an android . Whatever . He asleep , or what ? [ five ] he 's recharging . [ snapping ] Don 't , please , don 't . He 's in power save mode . As long as he stays that way his main systems are down . So we 're good then . When they trigger the alarm , the power gets cut , remember ? His recharge cycle will be interrupted . What do you think happens then ? Punch it . [ beep ] [ powering down ] [ alarms sounding ] Hey . How 's it going ? There 's been a security breach . None of you are authorized to b . Yeah , it 's a funny story about that . All of you line up facing the w , With your hands behind your heads . Just take it easy there pal . I hate robots ! Android ! Whatever ! Ahh . Woah ! Look , there 's a perfectly good explanation for this- - Catch me ! Ahhh ! [ sirens ] Can you kill that noise ? 'course but that won 't affect the beacon . There 's no way to turn that off As long as we maintain the lockdown . I wonder how the others are doi ? Ahhhh ! Ugh . Ahh . Cain . [ electric shock ] You still think she 's not up to ? Nice work , kid . Yeah don 't thank me yet , we 've got a new problem . No . I had to dump the whole charge to drop him like that . The battery 's completely draine . We 've got no way to open it now . We 're screwed , that 's it . No choice we got to abort . We 've got to pull the plug that . No no no . We didn 't come all this way just to give up now . We can 't open the door ! The kid will think of something . Right ? Your responsibility 's the door . We 're just the muscle right ? Yeah right . And you really came through on that score , didn 't you ? Is there any possible way ? Because if not , cain 's right . We gotta pull the plug . No , just gimme a minute . I shorted his control systems , But the main power 's still inta . The only question is , does he have enough juice ? We interrupted his recharge cycle ... Wait , are you saying we use the android 's power To charge the door ? Yes . You can do that ? Maybe . See ? Told ya . [ chuckle ] We 're in sensor range of the st . Lockdown appears to be in effec . Emergency power only . Any there any other ships nearb ? Not yet . They 'll be here soon enough . We 'll go prep the shuttle . Look i don 't mean to add any stress on you But this whole thing was timed down to the last second . We 've got about five minutes until the others end the lockdon And that security system comes back online . I 'm going as fast as i can . But if i don 't adjust the inverter to minimize Harmonic distortion we 'll get pulsating torque And the whole thing will fry . Do you understand a single word she says ? I stopped listening a long time ago . Okay , okay , i think i 've got it . Are you sure ? Cause that pulsating thing sounded kinda bad . I 'm as sure as i 'll ever be . Alright . Do it . Nice work . [ beeping ] That 's it . Time 's up . How do we know they 've secured the device ? If they haven 't by now it 's too late anyway . As soon as lockdown ends , Protocol says all station personnel stay put , except secu . Now they 'll initiate a room to room sweep , So chances are we 're gonna run into them on the way out . Be ready . That 's it . Time to go . Reverse thrusters , ten percent . We 're docked . Wait here . B-squad , what 's your status ? G section is clear . We 're heading down to level twe . Understood . How many ? There 's eight of them including the leader . They 're all carrying some kind of club . Shock sticks . We use ' em to break up bar figh . It 's not pretty . There 's no other way to the airlock . We 're cut off . We 're gonna have to rush them . Yeah , they have weapons ; we don . We also don 't have a choice if we want to get out of here . D-squad , are you reading me ? Yessir , go ahead . We 've got the main airlock , i want you on auxiliary . No one gets off this station until i give the all clear . [ four ] are you sure about that ? We 've got it ! We got the device ! You missed all the fun . Believe me , we had enough fun on our own . Let 's get the hell out of here . Get it strapped down , fire it up tiny . Time to go . Raza , this is the marauder , we 're on our way . Did you get it ? We got it . Android , get us out of here . Do me a favor , secure this thin . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Hey , hey , it stays with me . We 've got a safe place . Our ship , our rules , go . Now we can drink . You did alright down there . You did . Cheers . Alright there you go , top it up . Alright , alright . And alright for the kid . Whoa no ! Hey ! What are you her daddy ? Yeah what are you thinking . Really ? Are you kidding me she did great out there . You kicked a robots ass . Nice work kid . Hope you don 't mind . I wanted to have at least one look at the bridge Of the famous raza before we go our separate ways . It 's really impressive the way you 've maintained this ship . Look at this place , it can 't be easy . Why , thank you . I do take a great deal of pride in- - [ electric shock ] [ electric shock ] Cheers . Bottoms up . [ three ] hey look who it is ! Catch . Drinks right there , drinks go to you . You know , when you guys first came on board , I didn 't like you much . Awe , and now ? I still don 't like you . Then you 're about to like us ev . What the hell ? That 's my gun . Not anymore . Okay , kid . Make yourself useful . Android , why did we drop out of ? [ electric shock ] Wexler , what is this ? Smile for the camera . Your friends are all watching . Now i know you got the device in a vault somewhere on board , So why don 't you give me the code and this 'll all be ove . I thought you could crack any safe in the galaxy . I can , i just don 't have a lot of time right now , So we 're gonna do this the easy way . If you think i 'm gonna give you anything , you can forget it . Oh no , no , no , no , no , not you , your friends . See , they can either give me the code , Or they can watch you get blown out into space . So what 's it gonna be , folks ? Don 't give him anything . Hey , hey , hey , do you think i 'm bluffing ? I mean hell , you 're just the first . After that we do the kid . Nothing ? Okay i 'll tell you what i 'm gon , We 're gonna kick it old school . I 'm gonna count down from five , and if no body speaks By the time i get to zero , out she goes . Five , four , three , two- - M- - Maplethorpe ! The code is maplethorpe . With an " e " . Check it out . ¶ We did the job . Why are you doing this ? Are you kidding me ? The collective bounty on this crew Is worth as much as the device alone . Plus this way we get to keep the ship . It 's what i like to call a win-win-win . Yeah it 's cain . I 'm in . We got it . You know it 's really too bad , We could 've had some real fun together .
