 That looks fabulous . Thank you , Geoffrey . We 'll also take a bottle of red as well . Thank you . Thank you , Barry . That looks wonderful . Beautiful day . Where are you going ? - To eat my sandwich . - You won 't be hungry for prawns . - I don 't like prawns . - Darling , don 't wander off . For God 's sake , leave her alone , Deirdre . - Go play with your ball . - Don 't be so annoying ! Darling what about snakes ? There aren 't any snakes on the beach . Just let her enjoy herself for once . Edward ? Hello , there . What are you , a little bird or something ? Are you hungry ? Take a bite . It 's roast beef . It 's good . Come on . I won 't hurt you . Mummy ! Daddy ! Come see this ! I found something ! Cathy , darling , lunch is ready ! Are you looking at this ? I 'm afraid there isn 't enough to go around . Paul ? Cathy ? Will you hurry up ? Hurry up ! You 're him , right ? Excuse me ? The scientist ? The guy ? I saw you on TV . I believed you . Who shall I tell Mr. Hammond is calling ? Ian Malcolm . I 've been summoned . Dr. Malcolm ! Hello , Dr. Malcolm . Kids , kids . - It 's so great to see you . - It 's so great to see you . Look at you . You came to see Grandpa ? Yeah , he called me . Do you know what it 's about ? I don 't , either . This joint 's kind of creepy , isn 't it ? Is everything okay ? Well , not exactly . Dr. Malcolm . Dr. Malcolm . Here to share a few campfire stories with my uncle ? Convince the Washington Post and Sceptical Inquirer of what you want but I was there . I know what happened and so do you . Do you believe everyone who chose discretion did so for a nefarious motive ? Even Lex and Tim ? Leave them out of it . It 's not a game . No . You signed a nondisclosure agreement before you went to the island that forbade you from discussing what you saw . You violated that agreement . I did . And you lied about the deaths of three people . You misinformed the public , which made me look like a nut . Not so good for my career - We made a generous compensatory offer for your injuries . A payoff and an insult . When you spin reality , cover up evidence , it hurts more than my reputation . As I recall your university revoked your tenure for your selling wild stories to the press . I didn 't sell anything . I took no money and I told the truth . Your version of it . There are no " versions " of the truth . InGen can 't keep spewing out - InGen is my responsibility . I will jealously defend its interests . Yours ? What about Mr. Hammond ? It is our board of directors I must face , not my uncle . Trust me , your problems are about to be rendered moot . In a few weeks ' time , they 'll be long forgotten . Not by me . Careful . This suit cost more than your education . You were right and I was wrong . There ! Did you ever expect to hear me say such a thing ? Thank God for Site B. Site B ? Isla Nublar was just a showroom for tourists . Site B was the factory floor . Isla Sorna , 80 miles from Nublar . We bred the animals there , nurtured them for a few months then moved them into the park . Really ? I did not know that . After the accident in the park Hurricane Clarissa wiped out our facility on Site B. Call it an act of God . We had to evacuate . The animals were released to mature on their own . " Life will find a way , " as you once so eloquently put it . By now we have a complete ecological system on the island with dozens of species living in social groups without fences , boundaries or constraining technology . And for four years I 've tried to keep it safe from human interference . Right . Hopefully , you 've kept the island quarantined and contained . But I 'm in shock . I mean , that they 're still alive . You bred them lysine-deficient . Shouldn 't they have kicked after seven days without supplemental enzymes ? But , by God , they 're flourishing . That 's one of 1,000 questions I want the team to answer . Team ? I 've organised an expedition to go in thank you , and document them . To make the most spectacular living fossil record the world has ever seen . Go in and document ? You mean with people ? Yes , the animals won 't know they 're there . Very low impact . Strictly observation and documentation . Our satellite infrareds show the animals are fiercely territorial . The carnivores are isolated in the interior of the island so the team can stay on the outer rim . Don 't worry . I 'm not making the same mistakes again . No , you 're making all new ones . John ! So , there 's another island with dinosaurs no fences this time , and you want to send people in very few people , on the ground , right ? Who are the four lunatics you 're trying to con into this ? It was hard to convince them of what they would see in the end had to use my chequebook . But there 's Nick van Owen , a video documentarian Eddie Carr , who 's a field equipment expert . We have our palaeontologist and I was hoping that perhaps you might be the fourth . We 've been on the verge of Chapter 11 since that accident in the park . There are those in the company who wanted to exploit Site B in order to bail us out . They 've been planning it for years , but I 've stopped them until now . A few weeks ago , a British family on a yacht cruise stumbled across the island and their wee girl was injured . She 's fine . But the board has used the incident to take control of InGen from me . Now it 's only a matter of time before this lost world is found and pillaged . Public opinion is the one thing I can use to preserve it , but to rally that support I need a complete photo record of those animals alive in their natural habitat . So you went from capitalist to naturalist in just four years . That 's something . It 's our last chance at redemption . John no . Of course , no . And I 'm going to contact the other three members of your team and stop them from going . Who 's the palaeontologist , by the way ? She came to me , I want you to know . Who did ? Leave it to you , Ian , to have associations even liaisons with the best people in so many fields . Not Sarah . Palaeontological behaviour study is a new field , and Sarah Harding is on that frontier . Her theories on parenting and nurturing in carnivores have framed the debate . - What are you doing ? - Where 's your phone ? It 's too late . She 's already there . The others are meeting her in three days . You sent my girlfriend to this island alone ? " Sent " is hardly the word . She couldn 't be restrained . She was already in San Diego , doing research at the animal park . It 's only a few hours ' flight from there . She was adamant , absolutely adamant about , here you are about making the initial foray by herself . She thinks she 's Dian Fossey . " Observation without interference , " she said . You know how it is . After you were injured in the park , she sought you out . Then she went all the way to a hospital in Costa Rica to ask someone she didn 't know if the rumours were true . If you want to leave your name on something , fine . But stop putting it on other people 's headstones . She 'll be fine . She 's spent years studying African predators . Sleeping downwind and all . She knows what she 's doing . And , believe me , the research team will - It 's not a research expedition anymore . It 's a rescue operation and it 's leaving now . I can 't shave three days off my deadline and expect to be ready . I 'm not supplied . I haven 't tested any of this . Why give her a satellite phone if it doesn 't work ? Could be solar flares , the satellite , or maybe she turned it off . I need half air on the tires . We 're flying pressurised . - Does she know how to use it ? - You kidding ? She 's faxed me refinements on half the plans for this stuff . Don 't do that . You have to baby it . Love it . - I 'll love it when it works . - It 'll work when you love it . - You coming along ? - I don 't usually , but I can 't resist . Thanks for the two-minute warning . Nick van Owen , Ian Malcolm . Nick 's our photographer . How do you do ? - You do wildlife photography ? - Wildlife , combat , you name it . When I was with Nightline , I was in Rwanda , Chechnya , Bosnia . I do volunteer work for Greenpeace once in a while . What drew you to Greenpeace ? Women . Greenpeace is 80-percent female . Noble . Noble was last year . This year I 'm getting paid . Hammond 's check cleared , or I wouldn 't go on this wild-goose chase . You 're going to the only place where the geese chase you . Dad ! Dad ! Kelly , honey , you found it . What took you so long ? Couldn 't get a cab . Sweetie , that 's okay . I 've got to tell you something . - I don 't even know this woman . - You 've known Karen for 10 years . She doesn 't have Sega . She 's such a troglodyte . Cruel , but good word use . Why can 't I stay with Sarah ? She 's out of town . Karen 's fantastic . She 'll take you places . You 'll have a fantastic time . Stop saying " fantastic . " Where are you going ? It 's only for a few days . I wouldn 't be going if it wasn 't important . I 'm your daughter full time . You can 't abandon me whenever opportunity knocks . That hurts . Your mom tell you to say that ? Dr. Malcolm , downstairs , please . I know we 've had some hard going . But in the last few years , we 've started to work things out . Yeah , but crack on me a bit . Ground me or something . Send me to my room . You never do any of that stuff . Why would I ? You turned out so beautiful , brilliant , powerful , funny and generous . The queen , goddess . My inspiration . Dr. Malcolm . I could come be your research assistant , like in Austin . This is nothing like Austin . Anyway , you have your own stuff . Your gymnastics competition . You 've been training for months . Gymnastics ? I scrubbed out , got cut from the team . Thanks for knowing . I 'm sorry , honey . I know how much that meant to you . You like having kids . You just don 't want to be with them . It wasn 't me who dumped you and split for Paris , so don 't take it out on me . Dr. Malcolm , downstairs ! Honey , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . You want some good parental
