 _ [ orchestral fanfare ] [ narrator reading ] [ all cheering ] Yeah ! We are the process of blowing up Death Stars ! [ fireworks exploding ] [ dance music playing ] [ party reveling ] Yoda ! Obi-Wan . Some ... other guy ? I 'm Anakin Skywalker , your father . Oh . You didn 't look like that five minutes ago . Hey hey ! The old guys together again . It 's all good . Forgive and forget . - Right , fellow ghost buddy ? - This one 's mine . That 's the second time this has happened today ! Thanks , other guy I don 't know . My name is Mace Win ... Oh ... he 's gone . [ fireworks exploding ] NARRATOR : As the party ends and the new era dawns , the victorious Rebels set off across the galaxy to begin their new mission of keeping the peace and rebuilding the Republic . And some of them were on ... cleanup duty . I was programmed to take my litter home with me . WOMAN : Lighten up , 3PO . We just won a war , we 're allowed to get a little carried away . You 're right , of course . A celebration . And no one is more jubilant than I or R2 , since together we have endured - three decades of unrelenting conflict . - That 's 30 years ! Then you two fought in the Clone Wars with Obi-Wan ? Indeed . And with Master Yoda and your father , - before he became Darth Vader , of course . - Wait , what ? ! - Luke 's father is Darth Vader ? - Everybody knows that . We learned of it months ago . I was frozen in carbonite . Sue me ! 3PO , you must have amazing stories about those days . I 'd love to hear them . And I would love to regale you with them , but there 's no time . R2 and I are leaving shortly to accompany Admiral Ackbar on a mission to liberate the lost battledroids of Mandalore . My sweet ride 's first mission . [ sniffs ] Ah , still has that new starfighter smell . You mission can wait a bit . We want to hear your story . B-B-But the Admiral is most anxious to set off ... No hurry . It 'll give me more time to buff this little lady . Go ahead , 3PO . Tell us your story . The truth is I ... I don 't remember any of it ! It seems my memory was wiped . [ R2 beeps ] You have had my memory all this time ? ! [ R2 blips ] Well , jump to it , R2 . Now , thanks to you , I do have a story to tell . [ musical chime ] Ah , yes , it is all coming back to me now . I can remember it as I-I-I-I-I - ... [ 3PO malfunctioning ] if it were yesterday . Let us begin at the beginning , when a phantom menace arose that led to an attack of the clones . Buckle up , it is a thrilling tale . Turmoil had engulfed the Galactic republic . ALL : Ooh ... The taxation of trade routes to outlying star systems was in dispute . [ all snoring ] Oh , well , perhaps I should fast forward to the day the unfinished , pre-gold-plated me first laid eyes on Anakin Skywalker , the boy who would become Darth Vader . There , you 're half done . Now , what should I call you ? - I 've always been fond of Kevin . - You are C-3PO . Best name ever . Ani , it 's lunchtime . - Yippee ! - I made you a PBJ on rye . I find your lack of white bread disturbing . - But I have sourdough . - Yippee ! C-3PO : We didn 't know we were about to meet a queen and two Jedi who didn 't know that they were about to meet a terrible fate . Master Qui-Gon , that was some negotiation . The Trade Federation Viceroys attacked us , and now we 're on the run . All that matters now is breaking through this blockade so Queen Amidala won 't be forced to sign that treaty . Can you tell me why again ? - Even I 'm not 100 % sure . - Uh , well , uh ... I know it ! [ thunderous crash ] The shield generator 's been hit . I 'll send the droids to fix it . [ nervous blips and beeps ] [ beeping , whistling ] What 's going on ? They said that I 'd have a big part in this story ! [ beeping , chittering ] He did it . The shield is repaired . Our troubles are over . [ ship powering down ] But , unfortunately , we are out of fuel . [ all crying out ] Our rough landing damaged the ship 's hyperdrive . We 'll procure a new one in Mos Espa . - Uh , you stay here with the ship . - Yes , Master . - QUI-GON : Don 't go anywhere . - That won 't be a problem . EMPEROR PALPATINE : You are the worst bad guys ever ! All I ask is that the Trade Federation help me destroy the Republic . But no ! You fools let Queen Amidala escape Naboo , and I need her to sign that treaty . Uh , can you explain why to us again ? Well , it 's ... Never mind why ! Leave the Jedi to me and my apprentice . This is Darth Maul . - Awesome . - He will hunt the Jedi down . ♪ Awesome ♪ [ angry grunt ] Then the Senate will feel the pain of ... Awesome ! Awesome ! Awesome , and awesome ! - Cut that out ! - You never let me be me . C-3PO : Meanwhile , on Tatooine , Padme , Qui-Gon , and R2 stumbled upon the juncture where Anakin and I were working . It was a most memorable meeting . Hello there . You seem like a friendly sort of fellow . My name is C-3PO , human cyborg re ... Probably caught him on a bad day . You can 't afford what Watto charges for a hyperdrive , but I can help you . - You can ? - Sure . Bet on me in the big podrace tomorrow . When I win it , you 'll be able to buy 100 hyperdrives . Anakin , I think there 's something unique and different about you . A power and gift I 've never seen in a child . Red flag . The red flag 's here ! You 'll do great things for the Republic . Can 't warn anyone from making a tragic mistake without a red flag . - Have you ever considered being a Jedi ? - Big red flags ! ANNOUNCER : Live , on ESPA , it 's the Bhutanese podracing championship , sponsored by Chalmun 's Spaceport Cantina and Mos Eisley . You 'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy . Coming to the starting line are today 's racers . Mawhonic , in his " Mean Green Machine , " Sebulba , in " Speed Demon , " Ben Quadinaros , in the " Explode-At-The-Starting-Line - Mobile , " and Anakin Skywalker , in " Destiny 's Favorite . " ♪ Ani , Ani , he 's our guy , ♪ ♪ his Midi-Chlorian level 's high ! ♪ Victory is as good as ours . Fun fact ... Skywalker 's never successfully completed a podrace before . - Huh ? - Say what ? [ grunts ] [ gong resonates ] Uh-oh . - Oh ... - Oh ... He 's great ! My good feeling about this , which turned into a bad feeling about this , is now a good feeling about this . [ grunting ] Aah , not again , sir ! [ pop music playing ] ANAKIN : Hi , I 'm Anakin ! Watch where you 're going ! [ laughing ] ANNOUNCER : Skywalker 's the winner ! Looks like Skywalker has won his freedom from Watto , and will now be trained as a Jedi by Qui-Gon Jinn . But his mom and his Protocol Droid must stay behind . That 's gotta hurt . But Mrs. Skywalker manages to hold it together . Good-bye , Ani . Don 't forget to write your name in your underwear for laundry day . [ sobs ] Master Qui-Gon , Naboo is under attack from the entire Trade Federation Army ! I must protect my people . Take me there . I can 't allow it . We 'd be putting you and this young boy in extreme danger . Or we could go to the Senate debate on the new - spice mining regulations . - Extreme danger , here we come ! Uh-oh . Pilots , take out that droid control ship . - We 'll find the Viceroys . - What about me ? Roger , roger . QUI-GON : Hide in that ship . But whatever you do , do not accidentally hit a wrong button that flies you up to the enemy 's droid control ship . I didn 't hit the button by accident . I did it on purpose . Whee ! Ugh ! Kids today . [ door opening ] Aah ! QUI-GON : A dark lord of the Sith . [ music ] The ancient evil enemy of the Jedi . - We 'll handle this . - Okay . That 's an odd way to hold a standard one-bladed light saber . - Two blades ? - That is so cool ! This is cooler . Ugh ! - Obi-Wan , train the boy . - I have to live through the next five minutes first ... but okay . [ shouting ] Ah , it was so smart of us to control all of our battledroids from this one ship . Now no one can stop us . [ explosions ] Oh , boy . [ both grunting ] Missed me ! Nah-na-nah-na-na-na ! [ laughs ] [ laughter fades ] Ooh . That can 't be good . ANAKIN : And this is blowing stuff up ! Hi , I 'm Anakin . Oh , no , a little kid ! [ trumpeting fanfare ] [ crowd cheering ] Qui-Gon would be very proud of you , Anakin . - I 'll be your teacher now . - Yippee ! Can I begin my training today ? I 'm a little tired . How about tomorrow ? Don 't make me destroy you . - Today is fine . - Yippee ! Anakin , I 'll be watching your career with great interest . [ sinister laughter ] Nobody look at me ! You 'll be a great Jedi , Anakin . I hope I see a lot more of you in the future . Danger signs ! Get your flashing danger signs ! Thus began a love story that would lead to a secret wedding on Naboo many years later , just as Clone Wars were starting . R2 and I were there . Oh , it was so romantic . [ all groaning ] 3PO , we don 't care about a wedding ! Yeah ! Tell us how the Clone Wars started . Boys and their battles , oh ... Princess Leia , I 'm sure you would love to hear about your parents ' wedding . Clone Wars ! Clone Wars ! ALL : Clone Wars ! Clone Wars ! Clone Wars ! Oh , very well . I suppose it was quite a thrilling tale . And R2 and I were there all the way to the end . Oh , don 't leave the stage R2 . This is your story , too . [ R2 blips and beeps ] Ten years had passed . Padme was no longer a queen . She 'd been promoted to Senator . ALL : Huh ? I don 't quite understand that either . C-3PO : She was under threat from sinister forces working against the Republic . Anakin had grown into a headstrong Padawan . He and Obi-Wan were assigned to protect Padme . - Hi . - Hi . - Hi . - Hi . C-3PO : It wasn 't easy . Ha ha , missed me ! I 'm the real Padme . Uh-oh . [ laserfire ] There 's the shooter ! I 've got this . Wow , I 'm good . Oh , man ! I want a jet pack ! Jedi don 't need jet packs . You 're just jealous of me 'cause I 'm the chosen one . I 'm not jealous of you . " The chosen one ! " I heard that . ANAKIN : The assailant 's saberdart came from Kamino . I 'll go there to investigate . No . Obi-Wan will go . Anakin , your place is here guarding Senator Amidala . - But ... - No buts ! - Immature still you are . - I am not immature ! - Are too . - Am not ! Are too . Are too . Are too ! [ whining ] Not you , R2 . Him are too . Are too ! Aw ... I have arrived at Kamino . All looks normal . Now , to open this door . [ gasps ] [ electricity crackling ] Clones ? CLONES : Hi . Are you our leader ? I 'd better report this to the Counsel . CLONES : Bye-bye . Call us when you need us . I found a cloning facility here that 's ... Not so fast , Jedi . You 'll pay for attacking Senator Amidala . Try and make me . [ both shouting ] [ both crying out ] They said I 'm just some hothead , Padme . Well , I 'll show them they 're wrong about me . - They are so wrong ! - Maybe if you tried to act more calm ? I am acting calm ! [ phone device ringing ] Anakin , after Jango Fett and I both dried off , I followed him to Geonosis , where the Sith and Separatists are building an army of battledroids . But I 've got this . It 's no biggie . Do not come here to rescue me . Repeat , do not come ! Don 't be a hero ! Huh . Clearly , I need to go there and be a hero . I hope we 're not too late to save Obi-Wan from those battledroids . Either way , we 're ready for a fight . - Fight ? Oh , this is madness . - When did you get here ? It is a rather long story , I 'm afraid . We 've arrived on Geonosis . All looks normal . Now , to open this door . Whoa . PADME : It 's a giant battledroid factory . Cool . Whoa ... Not cool ! - We 're doomed . - Just pretend this is a video game , which this in no way resembles . Follow me . [ upbeat video game music playing ] [ video game sound effects ] C-3PO : Game over indeed ! The evil Count Dooku had almost destroyed us in a gladiatorial arena ... I have had it with these blaster-firing droids - on this battledroid-making planet ! - Uh , ditto ! C-3PO : ... when we were saved by ... ANAKIN : It 's the attack of the clones ! If the clones are on our side , then why didn 't you say " rescue " by the clones ? - " Attack of " sounds more exciting . - True dat . C-3PO : Our general was Master Yoda ... Fire ! C-3PO : ... who was very agile in those days . Remember , he wasn 't 900 years old then . He was only 874 . Well , well , my old teacher . It 's my time to teach you a few things . Wrong you are , Count Dooku . Here are some lessons you did not learn from the Dark side . [ straining ] Now you will feel the wrath of my ... Not done showing off yet , I am . [ humming circus music ] I 'll just let myself out . Good news , Lord Sidious . The Clone War has begun . Just as I had planned . And here are the blueprints for your new super weapon . Ooh , goody-goody gumdrops ! [ laughs giddily ] The Clone Wars had started and the stage was set for the fall of the Republic . And R2 and I were right in the thick of it . Weren 't we , R2 ? R2 ? [ alarm chirps ] C-3PO : R2-D2 , where are you ? [ beeps and blips ] You shouldn 't have followed me . [ R2 shrieks ] R2 , no ! My best friend is gone ! My sweet ride is gone ! - We 've got to bring him back . - I 'll take you . Quick , to my old ship ! [ alarm chirps ] - Hurry ! We must save R2 . - Now , hold on . Let me clear off the fast food wrappers on the passenger seat and ... I don 't care about the trash , let 's go ! Now ! [ engine starts ] [ backfiring ] There goes a loyal friend . And a very dedicated vehicle owner . Stay strong , R2 . Your buddy 's coming to bring you home . You stay strong , too , Daisy Mae . That 's her name . Deal with it . NARRATOR : Will C-3PO find his friend ? And who is that mysterious rogue ? To find out , watch the further exciting chapters of ... Droid Tales . [ Star Wars theme playing ]
