 [ narrator ] previously on dark matter . It 's a traugott research facili . Our intelligence indicates theye about to make a major discovery . And you want us to steal it . See , we 're already finishing each others thoughts . Who the hell are these clowns ? They 're your new partners . You guys have any idea what we 're really stealing ? Nice work . That 's my gun . Not anymore . [ electric shock ] [ two ] if you think i 'm gonna gie you anything you can forget it . [ wexler ] oh no , no , no , no , no , not you , your friends . See , they can either give me th , Or they can watch you get blown out into space . So what 's it gonna be , folks ? [ two ] don 't give him anything . [ wexler ] hey , hey , hey , okay i 'll tell you what i 'm gon , I 'm gonna count down from five , and if no body speaks By the time i get to zero , out . Five , four , three , two- - M- - Maplethorpe ! The code is maplethorpe , with a " Check it out . We did the job . Why are you doing this ? The collective bounty on this crew is worth As much as the device alone . Plus this way we get to keep th . It 's what i like to call a win - . [ cain ] yeah , it 's cain . I 'm in . We got it . [ wexler ] you know it 's really too bad , We could 've had some real fun together . ( screams ) Noooo ! Settle down ! Settle down now or she won 't be the only one . Now we 're gonna take a little walk together , nice and slow . Now move . Everybody inside the vault . Hey ! Are we done ? ! Son-of-a-bitch broke my nose . Stand down cain . You 're a dead man . Stand down cain . Everybody in the vault , yeah no . We need to find something to cut ourselves free . I have a knife , it 's in my boot . They never frisked me . Guess sometimes it pays not to be taken seriously . Since when do you start carrying a knife ? Really ? It 's not going to do us much good As long as we 're locked in here . I can 't believe she 's gone . He didn 't have to kill her . We gave him the code . Why did he do that ? Guys like that think they need to send a message Keep us from messing with him . Well he made a mistake , 'cause i 'm gonna do a hell of a lot worse than that . When we get out of here , i 'm gonna kill ' em all . I just signaled our friends at volkov-rusi . They have our position ; they 'll be here in two hours . Once we offload the device We 'll head to the nearest g.A. Outpost . What the hell happened to you ? Ishida gave him a little trouble . Oh yeah , well you 'll get revenge When you cash your share of the bounty on his head And not before , do you understand ? Fine . Good . Now , there 's one other thing ... You find anything useful ? Nothing that 's gonna get us through that door . Half these crates are still locked . I tell you when this is all over i 'm gonna get a blowtorch Come down here and cut every one of them open . Back off . You managed to cut yourselves free , congratulations . Yeah , now you guys can scratch yourselves while you wait for us To hand you over to the g.A. Hey , corso , you 're coming with . Let 's go . What are you going to do with him ? Just a few friendly questions . Ugh . You didn 't even ask me anything yet ! Oh i know i know i just ah i like to set the tone you know . Ugh ! Gah . Now , do you remember a small-time crook Working out of the adara sector , Goes by the name of danny bones ? If i say no , are you gonna hit me again ? I just want you to tell me the truth . Then no , i don 't remember . Ugh , gah ! Now he remembers you . He said you were a big talker , Especially after you 'd had a few drinks . In particular , he remembers oneg Where you both got quite inebriated , And you told him a very interesting story . About a secret stash on some uninhabited moon , Where you 've been putting away loot from all your jobs . You said it was worth millions . I gotta be honest , it doesn 't sound like me . Really . Yeah , usually i just blow all my money on booze and women . Gah . I 'm not lying . I don 't remember anything about any secret stash . So ah , are you telling me that danny bones is a liar ? Maybe . Is he a friend of yours ? No . Then yeah , i 'd say he 's lying . Ahh . This guy 's alright eh . Why don 't we just cut to the chase ? G.A. Wants us for trial . Which means if you want the bou , you gotta keep us alive . You can 't push this all the way and you both know it . I could always cut off your fingers . No . A couple of cuts and bruises is one thing , You try to turn somebody in who 's been maimed and disfigure , You 're gonna have to give an explanation . Smart guy , huh ? You 've got an answer for everything . I know the bounty on me isn 't millions , But it 's a tidy sum . You 're not gonna risk it on the off chance That some story you heard is true . It 's not worth it . Might be worth it just to shut you up . No , he 's right . Seriously ? You 're gonna let him talk you down just like that ? Did i say that ? No . We 're just gonna try this another way . ¶ This is ridiculous . There 's gotta be something around here we can use . I already told you . There 's nothing . Nothing . What about the vents ? Hmm ? Why don 't you crawl out the vents , Open the door from the outside ? There are no vents in this room . It 's a sealed vault . That 's the whole point . You might want to calm down , we 've only got so much air . Come on man , you tell me to calm down one more time , See what it gets you ! Can we not do this ? They blew her out into space ! While we stood there and watched ! And we did nothing . What were we supposed to do ? I don 't know . Fight back , maybe . Four and i tried . Unsuccessfully . So what- - you wanna just give up now ? No , we 're in a position of severe disadvantage . The last thing we want to do is act on emotion . The whole zen master thing doesn 't work for me . Awe man bring it . Back away . Bring it ! I said back away ! Come on . What do you want ? Your buddy corso needs a little company . See i got the idea from you , sport . So , thank you . Everybody on this ship is worth money , Alive and relatively unharmed . Except for her . There 's no bounty on her head from what i know , So unlike the rest of you she 's completely expendable . So how ' bout we get started . So i figured we 'll start with one of the little fingers And we 'll go from there . I don 't really have anything sharp to cut it off cleanly , So we 'll just sort of have to twist it off , is that okay . She doesn 't know anything , wexler ! Leave her out of this ! I believe you , i do . But that 's not really the point . She doesn 't have to know anythi . She just has to feel pain . What about commander truffault ? How are you gonna explain this to her ? With any luck i 'll never see commander truffault again . So you 're not just screwing us , you 're screwing mikkei as well . Where are you gonna sell the de ? Another corp ? You got a better offer ? That 's not really any of your b , And anyway we 're kind of getting off the topic here . I don 't have a secret stash on some moon somewhere ! I 'm telling you the truth ! Mhmm . Maybe , but i can 't take your word for it . Now i 've heard your rep , but i 'm starting to think It 's all just a bunch of talk . I don 't think there 's anything you 'd rather do less Than watch me hurt this girl . And anyway we 'll know by the third finger for sure . Come on . We both know you 're not gonna do that . We 're thieves , we 're not animals . Well , you know there are other things That cain and i could do to her . Might even be more fun . Would you ah like to see that ? You 're a sick son-of-a-bitch . [ female thief ] wexler , cain , we 've got a probl . [ wexler ] what ? [ female thief ] you need to get to the bridge . [ wexler ] just as it was getting interest . To be continued . I don 't suppose you have that knife on you ? Six has it . I 'm tied too tight anyway . Yeah . I 'm sorry about what happened to two . I 'm sorry you had to see that . [ five panting ] I know she meant a lot to you . I don 't think i was the only one . No you weren 't . The ship was going through Some kind of self-diagnostic when this came up . Something to do with the ftl drive but i can 't ... Here let me see . You understand all that ? Of course . Well maybe not all of it . If the ftl drive is offline ... We can 't jump . We can 't jump we are screwed . The volkov-rusi will be here soon . Maybe they can help us . Or maybe they 'll just take the , Keep the payment and leave us stranded . We can 't trust them . We could re-activate the android . It 's too dangerous . What about the hostages ? Maybe one of them can help . You know , the android once told me That when all this caught up wi , i 'd be the lucky one , Because i wasn 't one of the original crew . It 's kinda funny how it turned out to be the exact opposite . Hey , i 'm just gonna tell them i 'm not the real jace corso . That 'll make them back off . You 'll never convince them . I have the dna scan . I 'll make them believe me . And what good would that do ? Then you 'll just be expendable . Look i 'm not just gonna sit here and let them hurt you . I 'd rather that than you sacrifice yourself For no reason . Please , please , just when they get back , keep your mouth shut . Sorry , i can 't do it . You know you may not be one of the original crew , Technically i 'm not either , But you 're definitely one of the bravest people on this ship . You 're in luck , kid . Looks like you got a chance to prove You 're not so expendable after . Well ? If i help you , and you get the drive back , What 's to stop you from killing me ? Oh no , no , no , no , no . See you 're looking at this all wrong okay . If you help us and we get the drive back , Then you 'll have shown that you 're useful enough To keep around . But if you don 't , i definitely will kill you . Yeah , that 's what i thought . What is it ? We 've had this problem before . One of the forward couplings has disengaged Because it 's detecting the possibility of a fatal over . Can you fix it ? A real fix would take a week in dry-dock , But we can make it work like we did before . Only thing is , someone has to go outside . Oh , that 's rich . I 'm not lying . Last time we sent the android . I 'll do it . Just tell me what i need to know . [ three snapping fingers ] snap , snap , snap Seriously , how can he be sleeping at a time like this ? Hey . He 's conserving oxygen . You should be happy . There 's only so much in here . There 's nothing we can be doing right now anyways . To him , it 's an efficient use of time . Sure , if you 're a robot . He feels things same as you . He just doesn 't show it . What happened to two hit you pretty hard huh ? Just caught me off guard is all . I didn 't think they 'd really do it . We all know there was something between you two . It 's a small ship . It was only once . Didn 't mean a thing . Uh huh . Before we went into those pods , There must have been times when we lost people right ? Most likely . That 's the life . And if you believe half of what people say about us , I 'm guessing that we never let it slow us down . Ever . Maybe we really are different this time around . That 's what she was hoping for . [ four ] you okay ? Where 's five ? This button right here activates your mag boots . The coupling is located in a trench About 50 meters from the airlock . You good ? Yeah . Alright we 're gonna monitor your progress from the bridge . You got this . I hate kids . Ah , you can kill her when we 're done here . Alright , your good to go . Okay , de-pressurizing . De-pressurization complete . Activating mag boots . And i 'm opening the outer door . Alright , i 'm outside . ( beeping ) You know , i got to say- - It 's pretty beautiful out here . You can write a poem about it later . Get the job done . Understood . I can see the trench where the coupling 's housed . It 's directly ahead of me . What the hell ? ( beeping ) I 'm losing air pressure ! What are you talking about ? ( gasping for air ) My mag boots are deactivated ! Can you identity where the breach is ? ( gasping for air ) He 's off the ship ! Vons , do you read me ? Vons ! ( intercom static ) Do something ! It 's too late . What the hell just happened ? ! I don 't know . ( beeping ) That 's impossible . What ? Someone 's pressurizing the airl . Are you sure the prisoners are secure ? Yes positive . I 've got the door monitored from here . It 's been locked the whole time . Who else is on this ship ? No one . You 're lying . Take her and put her with the others . Get down there and check the airlock . Now ! That 's far enough . You sent vons out there . He volunteered . I was just trying to help . The whole thing was your idea . What did you do ? What happened to him ? ! I don 't know . I didn 't do anything . Lying little bitch . You 're supposed to be dead . Yeah , sorry to disappoint . [ grunting and panting ] I thought you were gone . Yeah yeah , so did i . What happened ? When i figure it out , i 'll tell you . Where are the others ? They 're still in the vault . Wexler 's on the bridge and cain went down to the airlock . Good , let 's go , come on . You guys hear something ? ( banging on door ) [ five ] guys ! ( banging on door ) Door 's too thick . How much air do you think they have left ? I don 't know . Not much . They changed the code . I 'll get that code from wexler one way or another . In the meantime , i want you to get into the vents , You find a safe hiding place and stay there . It 's not a discussion , now go . [ cain ] wexler , you ain 't gonna believe this . Tash is dead . [ wexler ] what the hell are you talking about ? Are you telling me that little girl managed to kill her ? I don 't know what happened , but she ain 't just taking a nap . You find that little bitch , and when you do , You don 't stop to chat , You just put one right in her brain . Do you understand me ? [ cain ] roger that . ( ringing ) This is the vrc dimitriev . We have a shuttle inbound off your port side . Do you have the device ? Yeah , we got it . Ah we just got a little bit of a situation here . Two teams , fan out . [ one coughing ] Is anyone else getting a little light-headed ? [ six ] the air is getting thin . [ one ] we 've got to make a plan , while we can still think straig . Hey , don 't everybody talk at on . We 're supposed to be good at this sort of thing . Some of us are , anyway . Hey ! Huh . I 'm in this as much as you are . Not really . What is that supposed to mean ? If they turn us in , sooner or later the authorities Will realize you 're not the real jace corso , And when they do , they 'll release you . He 's got a point . We 've got nothing to lose , but you sure as hell do . So when we make our move , You should just get down and stay down . You really think i 'd do that ? We 're past the point of every man for himself . If we 're gonna go down fighting , we 're gonna do it together . Look , i know we 've had our differences . Some of us more than others , but that 's not important now . The android 's down ... Two 's dead And they 've got five . She 's out there all by herself , helpless . It 's up to us . Nobody 's gonna do this for us . We have to do it ourselves . ( gunshots ) bang , bang , bang When they come through that door i say we take ' em down And we take 'em down hard . And we show them what the men of the raza are made of . [ grunting and panting ] [ rapid gunfire ] bang , bang , bang [ knife slices throat ] We may not have been able to help two . But we can make the bastards pay . Damn straight ! Nope . Ah , take it easy . Why don 't you come have a seat for a minute . Yeah maybe just for a minute . Good speech , though . Even if it was mostly the hypoxia talking . ( laughing ) I heard gunfire . What the hell 's going on down there ? We 've got men down . We 're in pursuit . Son-of-a-bitch . Hey , hey . You need to know i understand . I appreciate that . What ? What are we talking about ? [ three ] revenge . Revenge , for what they did to t . You want revenge . So do i . Turns out that we 're not that different after all . I don 't know . You know , i used to think that you didn 't have it in you man , But no , that 's not it . It 's that you 've never been in the position Where you hate someone so much That you just wanna kill them . I wouldn 't be so sure about that . Huh . [ cain ] that 's far enough . Drop your weapon . I said , drop your weapon ! I have never seen anyone survive being spaced before . That is quite a trick . Think you could survive a bullet between the eyes ? I say we try it , and find out . [ cain ] this is for vons and tash . ( gun shots ) [ five panting ] Are you alright ? I 'm fine . Are you ? Yeah . I 'm sorry , i know i 'm supposed to be hiding right now . I 'm not gonna complain . Let 's go . [ wexler ] cain come in . Cain , goddamnit were the hell are you ? Sergeant , report ! Anybody ! This is the dimitriev . Wexler , what the hell is happening on that ship ? Why aren 't my men responding ? I don 't know . I think some of them might be down . Is this some kind of double cross ? No , no , it 's um , we 're just having a little issue With the crew of the raza that 's all . You were supposed to have them locked down . I know . Don 't worry . I can handle it . [ two ] you sure about that ? No , that 's impossible , i killed you . You screwed that up , like everything else . [ dimitriev ] wexler , what 's going on ? Who is that ? This is portia lin , commander of the raza . We 've re-taken the ship . If you want that device , You 're gonna have to go through us to get it . What 's it gonna be ? ( beeping ) Guess they weren 't looking for a fight . They just jumped to ftl . Shit . Well now , we 're all alone . You 're gonna let me go . Am i ? Yeah , that 's right . You 're gonna fly me to the nearest space station , And then when i 'm safely off the ship I 'll radio back with the code . Otherwise you 'll just be letting them all suffocate . I 've got a better idea . It seems like we 've come full circle , doesn 't it ? You can threaten me all you like But we both know you can 't kill me . Without the code your friends are dead . You 're forgetting you 're not the only one on this ship That knows how to open doors . Oh , the little girl ? You must be kidding . She 's my insurance policy . In case you decide to be diffic . She 'll never crack that vault . You sure you want to take that chance ? Because if she opens that door before you give me the code , You will regret it . I do not have to kill you quickly . If i give you the code you 're just gonna blow me out anyway . Why ? Because that 's what you did to me ? I 'm nothing like you , wexler . If you give me the code , i will let you out . Okay . It 's 1040-99xd-4 . It was my serial number in prison . You copy that ? Got it . We 're ready . Where are they ? It 's okay , we took care of them . It 's over . Who 's we ? I got the door open . They 're all pretty woozy , but i think they 're going to be . Who you talking to ? Okay , i did my part . Now it 's your turn . Hey , you said you were gonna let me out . Hey , quit screwing around . Alright , you 're not a cold blooded killer . You 're not like me , remember ? After today , i don 't know what i am . When does this headache go away ? Could be a while . What about two ? I didn 't hallucinate that , did ? She got blown out the airlock . Yeah . She said she was pushed out toward the front of the ship , But she managed to grab onto a raised section of the hull . She held on , waiting to die , and she didn 't . She pulled herself down into one of the trenches That house the forward couplings , Disengaged one of them so that ship wouldn 't jump . Then she pushed herself toward the airlock , And waited for them to open the door . All that , without a space suit ? Apparently . What the hell is she ? [ android ] as far as i can tell , you 're an advanced bio-syntheti . [ two ] what does that mean ? You weren 't born , you were engineered . What , like you ? No , not like me . You have a heart , lungs , kidneys , fluids . But your constituent parts were manufactured , To exact specifications , and then assembled . You also have a network of corrector nanites Moving throughout your body , even more advanced than my own . They 're designed to migrate quickly to any area of need . Like when i was bitten . It killed the virus . Correct . And healed the wound itself . I believe that when you were exposed to the cold of space , The nanites migrated to your sk , Joined together and formed a protective shield . It couldn 't have been more than a few microns thick , But it kept you alive . Very impressive . You knew . I had my suspicions . Why didn 't you say anything . You didn 't ask . I had no idea this technology even existed . It doesn 't , officially . And it 's in contravention of all g.A. Regulations Regarding the manufacture of artificial persons . If the authorities were to learn of your existence , It is likely you would be hunted down and destroyed . So what do we do with this thing now ? Complete the delivery , get paid , what else ? I don 't think we should deliver this guys . Whatever this thing is , Three corporations were willing to kill for it . I 'm thinking it 's something that 's extremely dangerous . All the more reason to get it off the ship . Yeah . Maybe we should ask two what she thinks . What , we 're not gonna trust her now ? Because she 's not who we thought she was ? Welcome to the goddamn club . The device is online , activating field , ten percent . Pleasure doing business with yo . Likewise . [ android ] this is interesting . We 're getting some unusual readings From the planet 's surface . What the hell was that ? The field 's become unstable . Shut it down . Oh my god . [ android ] the planet 's gravitational field is fluctuat . We need to leave , immediately . [ two ] marauder , what 's your position ? [ six ] we 're just docking now . Can we jump ? The field variance is making nav calculations impossible . Maximum sublight , now ! The planet is breaking up . Divert all available power to the engines ! What the hell 's going on ? Let 's go . We 're clear of the field . I 'm dialing back the engines . The planet has been destroyed .
