 ¶ ¶ ¶ - ( narrator ) : Previously on killjoys : - Khlyen . - You found him . We re-routed his neuro-links to track him . - The rack is the most heavily fortified station in the quad . - The good news is , our badges get us in the front door . - Who 's protecting her ? - Dutch doesn 't need protecting . - Then why is she marked for red-17 ? - The company will drop all charges against you in exchange For a future favour of my choosing . - You can wipe out an entire bloodline With this thing or target just one person in the crowd . - War is what they call it when the big dogs win . I want a revolution . - Well , good luck with that ! Might as well believe in monsters and level 6 killjoys . - Alvis akari , you 're under arrest For orchestrating the leith bazaar massacre . - I 'm an agent , we 're on the same side ! - I 'm not so sure we are . - We 're not . - What are you ? - I 'm level six . ( heavy door closing ) ( ambient chatter ) ¶ ¶ ¶ ( screams and machine gun fire ) - They 're holding alvis in westhole . - What 's the charge ? - Sedition and mass murder . They 're saying he ordered the bazaar attack , - When it rains , it poops . - Come on . We all know Alvis hates the company . He 'd never kill civilians . - I got nothing against the freaky little bastard , But he is a revolutionary . - He 's saved our asses a dozen times and never asked For anything in return . He 's being set up . - Why ? - Things have been tense leading up to claim day . The company Could be using alvis to send a message , remind everyone Who 's boss . Now , if that 's what this is , They 'll cut him loose once they make their point . - Great . Well , let 's pray for that , then . We have enough on our plate right now . Khlyen told me something when i was leaving . He said i needed my team , that something was coming . I think he meant to the quad . - Like what ? - That 's all he said . - I think maybe you should leave . - Maybe ... You should leave ... - No ! I mean both of you , Take lucy , be a moving target . You stole his shit . He 's gonna come looking for you . - So we better make sure we 're ready for when he does . - How ? - I need to know everything About khlyen , level six- - - red 17 . - What ? - Turin brought it up . He said you 're on some kind of a list . - Seriously ? - That 's in play now ? Great . I mean , i ... I need a chart . - I need to find out How we 're all connected so our goal still remains the same . Johnny , if your friend carleen can decrypt khlyen 's files , We can figure out what makes a level 6 vulnerable And use his secrets against him before he gets to us . This is it . One last play . We win here , Or i lose for good . - Then i vote we win . ( alert signal ) - [ priority broadcast ! ] - Shit ! - [ priority broadcast ! ] - [ my name is alvis akari . ] [ to clear my conscience and make peace with my gods , ] [ i plead guilty to all charges . ] [ i ordered the attack on the leith bazaar , carried out ] By my resistance members of old town yesterday . - Oh , damn , here we go . Old town is gonna lose her shit . - Company must have coerced that confession . - What kind of torture makes a scarback masochist confess ? - [ ... I understand that my punishment is death . ] [ i accept my fate . ] - death ? ! - [ return to your homes . Curfew is now in effect . ] [ authorized personnel only . ] - ok , let 's get inside . Dutch ! - We 've got to get alvis out ... . Somehow . - You said you have enough on your plate with khlyen . - Not sure this isn 't connected . He said trouble was coming To the quad . Take a look around , d 'avin . Tell me it isn 't . ( buzz ! ) - hreturn to your homes . ] [ curfew is now in effect . ] ¶ ¶ ¶ - ¶ ¶ come , come come uninvited ¶ - ¶ run , run run ' til i find ya ¶ - ¶ i don 't care which side that you 're fighting ¶ ¶ gonna get you gone ¶ ¶ - When 's the execution ? - Tomorrow night . - How solid is this ? - I wouldn 't want to be In his robes , let 's put it that way . Leithian security force got a dying confession From one of those killer monks who swore that alvis Put him up to it . - Since when do you just A leithian 's word ? - Since crying over the hole That alvis dug for himself isn 't one of my jobs . - Hills , you 've gotta let me see him . You know our history , Let me at least say goodbye . - Don 't get yourself twisted up in this . The monk is going down . Don 't let him pull you down with him . - It 's a ghost town in here . - Mass murder tends to turn off shoppers . - Hey , bellus . Glad you 're okay . - It was all over Before i could get my gun . Couldn 't see their faces , but i heard them yelling All about alvis and seventh gen accord ... Stuff like that . Scarback freaks ... Never trust someone who gets off on blood . - We 're not here about the scarbacks . What would you say if we told you level six was real ? - I 'd say yes , please , I 'll have some of what you 're smoking . You 're serious ? - We think we might have met one . His name 's khlyen . We need you to tell us everything you know . - " six " has been a rumor since i 've been in this game . Agents go missing sometimes , a few every year . The rack will say they 've been transferred , Or died in active duty But then you hear whispers that they 've been forced Into level six . - To be what , exactly ? - Nobody really knows . More than just killjoys . I 've heard : Gene-splicing , Reanimation , crazy stuff ! Not a lick of proof . Has this got Anything to do with your raid on the rack last night ? - We in deep shit for that , yet ? - You must have a million angels Up your asses , because official word is That it was a surprise systems security check . - Really ? - You came out clean , boys . Dutch too . Where is she , anyway ? - Scarbacks asked me to bring you these . What are they really ? Explosives to break you out ? Cyanide caplets ? - Prayer beads . - Oh ... Damn . - Yeah . Turns out i don 't like nonconsensual pain so much . - That why you confessed ? - No , They threatened the rest of my order . - Do you know who 's framing you ? - Just , forget about me . Worry about westerley . I need a favor . When the company Tried terraforming arkyn , something went wrong , Something bad . So , with westerley , They took precautions . Including building a network Of self-sustaining bunkers underground that most people Forgot about . - Why does that matter ? - If things go to shit in old town , westerlyns can shelter There , safe from the company siege . My people have the maps , The guns and the supplies All i need now are the entry codes . I have a contact With the tunnel rats . They only trust scarbacks , But right now , i only trust you . - I 'm not trying to save westerley , alvis . I 'm trying to save you . - We 're a package deal . Are you really going to deny the last request Of a sexy dying man ? - [ twenty-four hour curfew in effect . ] [ by order of the company serving the quad . ] ( sirens and alerts ) [ twenty-four hour curfew in effect . ] - Is this line secure ? - [ do tarkesians ] [ eat their own young ? ] - I literally have no idea . - Yes , it 's secure . Just finished downloading your files What kind of black box shit is this ? - Once you 're in , i need you To work fast , carleen . Focus on finding anything about keywords : Khlyen , dutch , or level six . And ... Please tell me you 're somewhere remote . - [ i am , i 'm at the- - ] - bup-bup-bup , no , i ... Don 't even want to know . - [ why 're you guys so freaked ] [ over this khlyen cat , anyway ? What 's his deal ? ] - That 's what we 're trying to figure out . - [ you got it . I 'll send it in batches as i break it . ] - Ok , you heard the man ; Start with all known dialects throughout the j . Sub-routine : Crypto pattern recognition . Anything you find , send to jaqobis . Secure transmissions every six hours . - This bastard 's gotta crack sometime ... - Processing time , undetermined . - I hear ya , baby . It 's gonna be a long night . I don 't know about you , But i 'm getting hammered . ( slicing and gasping ) ( raspy breathing ) ( we still hear her breathing . ) - I can make this painless . Or i can make you suffer . Your choice . I want what was taken from me . - Take the files . - No , Not the files . Where is the liquid ? - Please . ( yelp ) - I didn 't realize helping alvis would involve dress up . - Come on , i 've seen the way you look at his cape . ( electronic beeping ) ( knocking ) - They better hurry up , i 'm freezing my monk-junk . - Ew ! - We 're here to see the rat king . Alvis sent us . ( grunting ) - I feel like maybe etiquette is not a rat-people strength . - He 'll see you , now . - Ok ... I see why they call them rat people . Who else would live down here ? - There 's not much choice Without a company job . Illegals stay in westerley Can 't afford to leave . They spend their whole lives Down here . - I don 't see alvis . - Alvis couldn 't make it . He 's- - - i know where he is , auntie . It still doesn 't explain why i should trust you . - Because alvis does . - We need the codes . We can trade anything you want . - You wanna prove yourselves , prove your faith . - ( dutch ) : How ? - This is my sister , rena . The fever burns through her . I was hoping to appeal to alvis for a blood blessing . Bless her . - We need holy supplies . ( weapons being armed ) - know what i think ? I think you 're just more imposters . I hope you at least Know how to fake your own last rites . - ... And the roots grew . - ( d 'avin whispering ) : Johnny ... - The seed traveled , from a home that we 've forgotten . Finding soil on qresh . And the roots grew . - ( all ) : And the roots grew . - From one world To two moons , One mother tree to unite us all . And when we rise , her branches hold us . And when we tire , her trunk shelters us . And when we die ... Her roots will carry us home . Praise the trees . - ( all ) : Praise the trees . - I keep my word . This is what the penitent wants . It should unlock any of the lower bunkers . - Then why aren 't your people using them ? - Alvis says they 're holy . To be saved for the end of days . But honestly , we 've been trapped down here long enough . I 'm ashamed i doubted you . - That 's ok . You 're ... Forgiven . - In penance . - Miner id tags ? - We rats have eyes and ears everywhere . Three scarbacks were beaten outside of our tunnels Just before the leith massacre . They were stripped naked By three men , who threw their own tags and clothes In the sewers as they changed into stolen robes . I thought you were involved , until the blessing . - And alvis would never use imposter monks . This has " false flag " all over it . We need to get this To hills , sow enough doubt and buy alvis some more time . Thank you . - Aw shit . I 'm just- - hey , i 'm just going to say it . You need to take your sister to get a real blessing . Or better yet , a doctor . I 'm not a true believer . - From what i hear , that 's not something You get to decide . Uncle . - So didn 't know you had a scarback fetish , Kinky bastard ! - Shut up ! I watched alvis give a blessing once . Read up on scarbacks a bit . You know , for pain freaks , They believe some fairly beautiful shit . - Not gonna convert me , are you ? - I get enough masochism Being your brother , thank you . - Um , guys ? Did they cancel curfew ? Pawter ? What 's going on ? - I can 't believe it . The bastards are calling a vote . - Which specific bastards ? - The nine . On whether to allow 7th generation westies To immigrate to leith . - What do you mean , " allow " ? They promised . It 's a damn law . ( communication alert ) - Seyah kenndry , how nice of you to take time out [ of your scheduled screwing of the quad . ] - The vote ? Not our fault . Leith is terrified of you little rampaging westerlyns . [ we need to look like we 're hearing them . ] - I 'm not a westerlyn . And something tells me it 's not radical scarbacks Leithians should be afraid of . - [ oh ! Well , ] [ i would love to hear your theories in person . ] [ i 'm at the ancestral hall today . Come join . ] - Actually , i 'm occupied- - - actually , that wasn 't A request . Or have you forgotten your debt to me ? - I have not . - So get those tight pants of yours to qresh immediately , Or i will undo all the help i previously did for you , And let you answer for poor dr . Jaegar . [ this is an historic day ! You and i are going to have ] [ some fun . Byeeeee ! ] - I think she 's actually insane . - It 's the inbreeding . So , what , we 're going to qresh , now ? - Don 't leave yet . - I can 't deal with qreshi shit Right now . - Does it matter ? The nine own the company , which basically makes them Our landlords here . Let 's not piss them off . We already got khlyen to deal with , don 't need more enemies . - Ok . We 'll handle delle seyah . I need you to get the entry codes To alvis 's people , and then take the evidence to hills . - Think he 's gonna give a shit ? - Make him . I know he 's A pain in the ass , but he does what he can to keep the peace . - Johnny ! When you get there , look for my mother , seyah simms , In the blue sash . - Seyah ... Simms , As in , of-the-nine ? - Yes , I am a pretty , pretty princess . Just , give her this . She needs to understand the situation here . She 's not big on taking my calls . - Also maybe tell her i love her . Or don 't . I dunno , just ... Read the room . ( glass shattering and shouts ) - Ok , what if we say screw all of this , get on lucy And don 't look back . - The three of us ? - Yeah . The three of us . - I can 't . Not until i 'm done with khlyen . - I know . Go . Go to qresh , I 'll handle alvis . - D 'avin- - - Go . We 're good . I 'll be standing right here when you get back . - My little killjoy ! Have you missed me ? Oh , you came too . Fun . - How can we help you , seyah ? - I 'm sure you 've seen the news . This vote today is beyond contentious . We nine have all received death threats . Lace me up ? - You 're here as my security retinue . Qreshi politics is a blood sport And i don 't want any of it on my dress . - Understood . - Good . Then let 's go make history . This hall is where our ancestors First pledged the seventh generation accord . - And yet tonight you might undo it . - Ah , it seemed like a better deal at the time : Promise westerlyns that if they behave themselves , Keep company jobs for 7 generations , They can join the middle class on leith . The quad dream . Who knew so many of them would actually do it ? Come . I 'll show you around , while i show you off . Woman in red sash ? Hyponia family . We do not like them . Feel free to shiv her . Ha ha ! Just kidding ! Or am i ? - ( hushed voice ) : Is she drunk ? - Grey and blue ; Lands derrish and simms , our allies . Thanks to you , i control land lahani . And the rest ... You can let burn . - You , go patrol . - Hm ... - Jaqobis the elder . What can i do you for ? - Actually , i 'm here To help you . Alvis didn 't order the leithian massacre . These id tags should identify the real killers . Dig deeper , you 'll find that none of them are true scarbacks . - Well . I will be sure to kick that right upstairs . - You 're hanging alvis out to dry , You 've got riots in the streets . What are your people up to ? - I 'll let you know once they decide to tell me . Meanwhile , stick to chasing warrants . It 's a lot cleaner than politics . - Leave them . ( orders given and door locking ) - Seyah simms ? - Yes ? - I 'm , uh , friends with your daughter , illenore . A lot of people owe her their lives on westerley , Including me . Illenore , she asked me to give you this . - I have no daughter . - Guess what my vote will be . - You 'll vote to keep the accord . - Will i ? Why ? - You 're far too clever to break a sacred treaty Without good reason . People would blame you For the upheaval resulted . You like being many things , Seyah . Accountable isn 't one of them . - ... See , This is why i like you on my arm . So pretty and so smart . Here . - So rich . So bitch . - Let 's just make it through this bullshit without stabbing Anyone with a shrimp fork . And then we can go home And check on d 'avin . - I thought westerley Wasn 't home ? - Shut up . You know what i mean . - Mm-hm . ( message signal ) ( applause ) - [ dutch , what 's your status ? ] - I got a bad feeling about this vote . - [ i think you were right about leaving . ] [ you gonna be ready to go once we 're done here ? ] - Yeah , couple of hitches . Alvis is still in jail And ... Khlyen just left My room at the royale . - [ what ? ] What the hell is he doing there , what 's he want ? - Should i ask him ? - [ no ! Of course not . Don 't go ] [ near him . Shit , shit , ] Shit ! We 're coming back now , ok ? Wait for me . - Com 's breaking up . Didn 't catch that last bit . - [ d 'avin ? ] d 'avin ! - Khlyen killed carleen . - And now d 'avin 's going after khlyen . ( applause ) ok , screw this . We 've repaid this debt . - We 've gotta get back to westerley before your brother Does something asinine . - Uh huh . Heads up loose , we 're on our way . - John . I recognize that case . It 's the genetic bomb from leith . - Are you sure ? - Yeah . Cover delle seyah , i 'm going after him . - Don 't move ! ( groaning ) ( groaning and grunting ) - What are you doing ? - Seyah , stay back . - Oh for goodness ' sake , Do i have to do everything ? Oops ! ( screams ) - Where 'd he go ? - John . Stay on her . I 'm going after him . ( screaming ) - Hey ! Stop ! I don 't hit women , but i got a partner who does , So lady ... Be nice . - Oh re-lax . Don 't be such a killjoy . Huh ! I just got that . - Why 'd you set off that bomb ? - It 's called a coup . - Small flaw in your plan : We saw what you did . - And you think someone will take your word over mine ? - Oh , sweetie , that 's adorable . - If you 're not in danger , why the hell did you drag us here To protect you ? - Ask your sexy little partner . Her mentor is the one who insisted she be here . I assumed you were in on this . - Khlyen ? Why the hell would khlyen want dutch here ? - Well he sure wouldn 't want her near old town tonight . Not with what 's coming . - What is coming to old town ? ( grunts and groans ) - So you 're khlyen 's pet . - How do you know khlyen ? - We 've all heard about you . I must admit , i 'm disappointed . ( grunting and groaning ) ( choking sounds ) look at me . I 'm going to be the last thing you 'll see . ( grunts ) ( panting and choking and groaning ) ( grunt and stabbing ) Don 't feel ashamed . It 's not like it 's a fair fight . You 're just a girl . I 'm level six . ( licking sound ) ( shot fired ) - i 'm johnny jaqobis . Stop licking my partner . ( panting ) You think guns can kill those things ? ( four shots ) - I don 't know . Let 's not stick around to find out . - Ok , what the hell was with mutant boy back there ? Huh ? We just got level sixed . The whole quad just got level sixed . I don 't even know what that means . - Course locked for westerley . - Lucy , Comb all outgoing communications from qresh . Isolate anything related to old town . Any word from d 'avin ? - I have not been able to establish contact . - Keep trying . That was a political assassination , The rack doesn 't do political . Take no bribes , take no sides , Warrant is all , ring any bells ? - Clearly sixes don 't hear so good . - Hells , john . Company are calling it a terror attack by alvis 's resistance , In retaliation for his sentencing . - What does framing the resistance get anyone ? - An excuse for the company to finally wipe them all out And call off the immigration agreement Two birds , one very bloody stone . Nice play , delle seyah . - I 've intercepted a military hailing . Bombers are being scrambled . - Where are they headed , lucy ? - Destination : Old town . - They 're gonna sugarpoint it . - We gotta warn old town . - I 'm sorry , john . Old town communications are blocked . - Then put some heat on it , lucy , i don 't care if you bust At the seams , we gotta get to old town while there still is one . - And keep trying to reach d 'avin . Don 't stop until you find him . - Ah . The boyfriend . I 've been meaning to ask you out for dinner , Get to know each other . - I really do better with moms . - That 's unfortunate . How 's tonight ? ( discharge and groan ) - Ah ! - Johnny ! How did it go ? - Get your things . We are leaving now . - John . What 's going on . What happened at the vote ? - First . Your mother is fine- - - but ? - He 's not up there . Where 's d 'avin ? - Haven 't seen him . - There was an attack On madidus . Bombers are coming here any minute , So we need to get you safe , and find a way to sound the alarm . ( alarm sounding ) - Someone beat us to it . - The company bombers ! - Aw , shit . Tunnels ? - Tunnels . - Anyone who wants a ride off-moon , come with us ! - Where are we going ? - To find d 'avin , Bust out alvis and get the hells off this moon . It 's just a bar , pree . - Oh honey , you know that 's not true . Good night , sweet girl . ( panting ) ( grunts and groans ) - What exactly was your plan of attack , following me ? - I 'm really more of an improv kinda guy . ( grunts and groans ) - You 're the reason i 'm back in her life . - Bullshit . Ah ! ( cracking , ripping and grunting ) - When she took her first kill warrant , I knew she was ready To return to our work . - That 's not her fault . Johnny forced her hand . ( discharge and shriek ) - Ever since then , i 've had to watch her put her life in danger Over and over to help you and your brother . She needs me back in her life To protect her from the mediocrity of you . ( spit and discharge ) ( choking ) I admire your persistence boy . If things were different i might almost say You 're good enough for her . - If you 're going to kill me , Do it . - I tried killing the last one ; the husband . I lost her for six years . No , I 've got something Far more productive in mind for you . ( choking ) ( alarm ) - It 's time to face the music , uncle . - Middle of a bombing campaign seems like a strange time For an execution . Feels a bit redundant . - Yeah , well , i got a sister that was killed at the bazaar . So on her behalf , jakkhead ? I 'm your unofficial executioner . Stand up ! - Ok . But it 's rude to interrupt a man 's prayers . - I don 't think those beads are gonna Help you now . ( cocking of gun and activation ) ( shrieks ) ( uncorking of bottle ) - really ? - This is 60-year-old dry pressed hokk . Those bombers can pry it from my beautiful , dead fingers . - The vents of westhole should be around here . - Hey ! Alvis , what the hells ? - What are you doing down here ? - Coming to break you out . - Thought you didn 't believe in picking sides . - I 'm not picking sides , i 'm picking my team . - It 's a start . Come with us . We 're heading to the bunkers . - I can 't . - We have room for a few more If anyone wants to risk flying out . - Have you seen d 'avin ? - No , but i 'll keep an eye out . - Well if he heard the alarms , he 's probably booting it For lucy . Which is where we need to be if we want out of old town Before it turns into a giant crater . - Stay safe . - Stay you . - All right , everyone coming to the bunkers , stay with me . - I have to stay . - Sweetie , no . - They 'll need a doctor . - We don 't even know if those bunkers will open . - But we know my family 's part of the reason we 're down here . - That is not your fault . - Hey doc ? We gotta move . - John ! - Did she say anything ? My mother ? - She said that she misses you . She said that she 's proud . - You 're a better man than a liar , johnny jaqobis . - With me . Halt ! I said halt ! Hangar 's off-limits . Nobody in or out tonight . - Yeah , except the giant Flipping bombers heading this way , right ? - All right , all right , Simmer down . You 're better off in here , anyway . Safest building in old town- - - hills , you piece of shit . - Sugar ? Maybe dial that down ? - It 's not me , It 's company orders . - Not you , old man ? This is all on you ! You framed alvis ! . You gave the company a reason to bomb the shit out of us all ! - Hey ! The company didn 't tell me about the bombing ! Not until it was too late ! - You pulled the alarm , didn 't you ? Gave everyone a chance to go to ground . Your family didn 't spend seven generations here for nothing . Under that uniform , you 're still a westerlyn , first . Let us go , hills , Or are you only brave when the company isn 't looking ? - ( guard ) : Sir ? - Aw , hell . I don 't have the stomach for this anymore . Let them go . - That 's a goddamn order ! Make it count , killjoys . Been nice knowing you . You all keep standing at post if you feel like it . Papa needs a drink . - Get everyone settled in . Hunker down and find something To hold on to . - On it . - D 'avin , are you here ? - Quick like bunnies , Grab a crate . - Loose , light it up and give me Satellite on approaching company ships . - We can 't leave . He 's not here . - Still no response from d 'avin . - Well then what the hell are you good for ? Find him ! - John , the bombers are almost here . Don 't say it . - Dutch , he 's a good soldier . He knows to go to ground . He 's probably already in the tunnels . - And if he 's not ? He wanted to leave , i said no . - He would still want us to go . I 'm always telling him to have faith in you . Now we need To have faith in him . - Go . - Be safe , d 'av . Alright , everyone hold on to their ponats ! ( groaning ) - Noo-tee , nees-ma-chay . Shen - tee , sup-ma-chay . Wee-oh-shess , chee-nee um-pay . ( people echoing same ) ( cheering ) - Welcome home doctor . ¶ ¶ ¶ ( music goes on , no dialogue ) ( explosion somewhere ) - To westerley . Nokau kampanine . ( explosion ) ( shattering glass ) - Khlyen 's got him . - We don 't know that . - The last thing d 'avin mentioned was seeing him . - John . Incoming automated message from carleen . I 'll take it in my room loose . - Lucy ? - Yes , dutch ? - I want to record a message . I want you to broadcast it on loop to d 'avin . - D 'avin is not receiving- - - shut up lucy . - Shutting up . - I know you 're out there ... ( panting ) ... And i know that you 'll eventually hear me . ( horrible screams nearby ) ( groaning ) - Ah ! ( panting ) - Fancy ? ( screams nearby ) Ah ! - ( dutch ) : I want you to know ... We 're never giving up . - Oh , shit . ( groaning ) - Qresh ... Leith ... Westerley ... - Wherever he 's taken you , whatever he 's done to you I will find you . I will find you . ¶ ¶ ¶ Ded captioning g by sette incnc .
