 ♪ Subtitles by ♪ XQ2 ☻ Before they died , my parents told me stories of how the world once was . What it was like long before I was born . Before the war with the machines . They remembered a green world , vast and beautiful , filled with laughter and hope for the future . But it 's a world I never knew . By the time I was born ... all this , was gone . SkyNet , a computer program designed to automate missile defense . It was supposed to protect us . But that 's not what happened . On August 29 , 1997 SkyNet woke up . And decided all humanity was a threat to its existence . It used our own bombs against us . Three billion people died in the nuclear fire . The survivors ... called it Judgement Day . People lived like rats in the shadows , hiding , starving , or worse ; captured and put into camps for extermination . I was born , after Judgement Day , into a broken world , ruled by the machines . The worst were infiltration units , designed to pass for human . We called them Terminators . It 's OK , buddy . You 're all on your own ? Are there others down there ? And then one man found me . His name is John Connor . And he changed everything . John showed us how to fight back , how to rise up . He freed prisoners , taught us to smash the machines to scrap . People whisper about John . Wonder how he can know the things he does . They use words like , ' prophet ' . But John is more . We 're here because tonight he 's gonna lead us , to crush SkyNet . For good . Sir , request to join the Colorado Offensive . I need you with me , Reese . We 're talking about the complete destruction of SkyNet , sir . Colorado Unit will succeed . The machines will fall tonight . Right here the Los Angeles assault is just as important , maybe more ... More important than destroying SkyNet 's central core ? John , I don 't understand why you 're leading an attack on a workcamp . Because the camp is a camoflauge . Inside the camp is a hangar . Beneath that hangar , SkyNet 's hidden it 's final weapon . When SkyNet realizes it has lost , it will deploy that weapon to insure it 's own survival . We take it tonight , or there is no tomorrow . Then we 'll take it . You 're my right hand , Reese , I never thanked you for it . You don 't need to . You gave us all a future , John . I 'm gonna use mine . When this is all over , I 'm ... I 'm gonna find my parent 's house . Re-build it . Use my hands , for something other than killing . How about you ? Cold beer 'd be good . - That 's your perfect plan ? - Yes . Yeah , I guess I don 't think about it too much . Yeah , I can see that . I figure , whatever happens , it 's gotta be better than this . So many of us have died , to get here . I want you to know , Kyle , if there was another way , I would 've taken it . Move out . The machine thinks that we cannot win . The machine thinks , that we will not ... strike at the very heart of SkyNet . Yet here we stand . On the precipice of the final battle . If we die tonight , mankind dies with us . No ! I look at each of you , and I see the marks of this long and terrible war . Go ! Go ! Perimeter breach . Activate model 1-0-1 . For our children . Our children 's children ; so they will not carry these marks . But they will know who we are and what we did ! That we did not bow down . We did not give in . We rose up , at this moment , at this hour ! Willing to sacrifice everything ... so that they could live in freedom ! On this night , we take back our world ! They 're using the weapon ! We gotta get to the hangar . John ! John ! You want me ? I 'm right here ! Colorado units reporting in . SkyNet central core is down . Repeat : SkyNet has been destroyed . John was right . Colorado unit succeded and the machines fell . But it was too late . We found it , sir . Right where you said it would be . What is that thing ? Fate . It 's the first tactical time weapon . SkyNet just used it . What the hell ? We 'll need 15 minutes to ready the machine , sir . We 're running co-ordinates , we should have them for you momentarily . Los Angeles , 1984 . Los Angeles , May 12th ... 1984 . SkyNet knew it was losing , so it tried to rig the game . It sent a terminator back to the time before the war . And who 's the target ? My mother . Sarah Connor . If the machine suceeds , I 'll never be born . They 'll kill her first . And by doing so , erase every victory we fought for , including , tonight 's . There won 't be a Resistance to challenge the machines . With this one act SkyNet will win . We can use the technology ourselves . Send someone back . We don 't even know if that 'll work . - I 'll go , sir . - I 'll go , sir . I 'll go ! I 'll volunteer . I 'll go back . Why should I send you ... over all of them ? 'Cause I 'd die for Sarah Connor . All these people would die for Sarah Connor . What makes you any different ? You know why . Everything you told me about her . I know her , John . Let me save her . No weapons ? We 've measured the magnetic field . It 'll rip apart anything not encased in living tissue . Think tinfoil in a micro-wave , times a few billion . Nothing left but a crater . Oh ... no clothes , either . She 's gonna think I 'm crazy . You knew the device would be here . You knew what it 'd be set for . You knew the machines would fall tonight . So before I go , tell me . Tell you , what ? You see the future ? No one can see the future , Reese . OK , then how do you know ? I cheat . Sarah told me so much . She gave me signposts . When I was a kid , it seemed like my mother knew everything . Musta been great . Not really . It stops here . Once you go back , my knowledge ends . That 's as much as Sarah knew . So , no more cheating . No more cheating . At the time you 're going back to , she won 't be the warrior that raised me . Not yet . She 'll be scared and weak . She won 't know how to fight or defend herself . Her bigest worry is making rent and tuition . She 's a waitress . What ? Oh ... Never mind . Just be ready for the fact that she will need you but she won 't know it . So , what do I say to her ? Even when I tell her who I am , she 's not gonna believe me . Tell her this : " Thank you Sarah. for your courage during the dark years " " I can 't help you with what you must soon face " " except to say the future is not set " . " There is no fate , but that we make for ourselves " " You must be stronger than you imagine you can be . " " You must survive , " " or I will never exist . " Take care of her for me , Kyle . I will . Promise you . What you 're doing right now , this is the end of the war . You didn 't think it would be that easy , did you ? John ! Hey , birthday boy ! Present time , let 's go . No way ! Genisys will auto-update as soon as it comes online . You 'll have it the moment it comes out . Just a few days more . Straight line ! Remembe
