 Abraham : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , Killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest All across the globe , Animals have decided : " no more . " And so we were hired , A team of people from different backgrounds , With different specialities : An expert in animal behavior , A journalist , Safari guide , Foreign intelligence agent , And a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , Why it 's happening , And how to stop it . Announcer : Previously on zoo ... The global pandemic your father believes was about To emerge- - it appears It has arrived . Mitch : We 're all here because You believe that these scientific theories Of a notorious crackpot Are now coming to pass . Mitch morgan , as advertised . This is agent ben shafer of the fbi . Uh , jackson- - hey , now 's not really a good time . Jamie , you listen to me . Ben shafer Killed the optometrist . He 's a corrupt fbi agent . ( grunting ) Butler : The mother cell is in every single product Reiden makes . It 's everywhere , It 's all over the world , And it can 't be stopped . The mother cell can cure the animals . Chloe : Dr. Morgan believes so , yes . You 're talking about your daughter . Her name is clementine , she 's ten years old , She was diagnosed three years ago . Why aren 't you with her ? Baby mama married a ... Decent guy , And i just decided to let them have their family Until she got sick , And i started beating down the doors Of every research hospital in the country . Then her mom put a stop to that . He says that he has the mother cell , and he 's willing To give it back , but he needs something in return . I have to tell my daughter why she 's dying . Your drug will cure her . I 'll expect a call from you within 48 hours , Telling me where and when i can get my medicine . Delavane : I 'm sending you back to the states . To pender island , massachusetts , To be precise . Why ? What 's going on ? Two weeks ago , a cargo ship left oslo , norway , Bound for portland , maine . The crew complained about an unusually high rat population . And while there are always rats on a ship , 48 hours into the journey , the crew reported The ship had become literally infested . That there were hundreds of rats on board . Eventually , the ship Ended up adrift , not far from the small resort Community of pender ... Fisherman ( whispering ) : Rats . Delavane : ... Where a fisherman claims To have seen thousands of rats leaving the ship And swimming for shore . When local authorities boarded the vessel , They found the crew dead , Their bodies in a horrible condition , suggesting They had been attacked by the rats . ( indistinct radio transmission ) Among the cargo Was grain from a farm that uses Reiden pesticides . So what do you want us to do ? Go to pender island . Conduct an initial threat assessment to determine If a containment protocol is necessary . Hopefully , it will not be . But most importantly , Capture one male and one female rat And bring them back for analysis . I 'm staying here in paris for another week . Keep me posted . And good luck . Thank you . Jamie : I 'm just saying , all four of us don 't need to go . I could come with you . I could stay in a motel , And go through the reiden documents from paris , And you can go and talk all things mother cell With your friend at harvard . I think you should stay with the others . ( scoffs ) A day on the island is a good way to stay under the radar . And if anyone is looking into ben shafer 's death , The more people you have watching your back , the better . You know , you keep saying things like that , People are gonna start to think you care . ( phone blips ) It 's me . I 'm in town , and i have the mother cell for you , But i 'm not gonna be able to deliver it until later on today , So , call me . We 'll arrange a meet . How did a few rats become thousands On the course of a trip across the atlantic ? Well , if mitch is right , And the mother cell is an accelerant , It may be , by being exposed to it In a contained environment , It accelerated the reproductive nature of the rats . Or we could be seeing it in rats first , Because they have a short gestation period . What if this is just the beginning ? We could face a massive population explosion In the entire animal kingdom . A swarms of rats is one thing , But a swarm of lions , tigers , Alligators ... Jamie : How would we even begin To fight back against something like that ? Jackson : Okay , first things first . We have to warn the people on pender island . Jamie : I 'm pretty sure They 'd be aware . Aside from a fisherman , no one has reported any rats at all . None ? That doesn 't make any sense . What does make sense since this whole thing began ? We need to capture a male and a female . It 's the only way to see How the mother cell affects the reproductive behavior . So , we 're going on a rat hunt . What 's the matter , rafiki ? The men that died on that cargo ship were eaten by rats . Okay ... It 's been proven that rats That taste human blood begin to crave it . Well ... That 's just awesome . There 's something on your mind , and it 's not just the rats . We vacationed there ... When i was a kid . Pender island ? Before my dad got bad . He 'd rent a shack on the beach every summer , On the side of the island that hadn 't been built up yet . Have a big clambake , invite all the neighbors . So , you see , You still have some good memories about your father . Sure . But the last really good ones Took place on that island ... Which appears to have been overrun With bloodthirsty rats . Clem 's just getting it together . How you been ? Fine . Oh , there he is . Mm . There he is . Oh . Hey , you remember me , hmm ? I 'm the guy who brought you here , a long time ago . ( dog panting ) Has he been acting okay ? He got hit by a car . Yeah , i know . Clem told me . So he 's been Acting like a dog who got hit by a car . What i meant was , is ... Has he been acting aggressively , in any way ? Not at all . Why ? ( footsteps approaching ) Hello . Hey , clem . Audra : Look , babe . Henry remembers mitch . Isn 't that amazing ? It is ... Because i don 't . It 's okay . I remember you . So what are you guys gonna do ? You haven 't plan anything ? You haven 't seen her in eight years , And still , you haven 't planned anything ? I just thought we 'd ... You know , improvise . Why don 't you take him to your park , clem ? Okay . I 'll pack up some sandwiches . You can picnic . I 'll get henry 's leash . Oh ... Henry 's gonna come ... ? ( henry panting ) ( henry pants , grunts ) ( mitch speaks gently , quietly ) There she is . Hey , sheriff ! Becky ? Jackson ? ( laughing ) ( laughs ) yeah . Wow ! I haven 't seen you since ... Forever . ( laughs ) ( laughing ) : Yeah . This is my friend , uh , chloe . Nice to meet you . Hello , friend chloe . I was his first love . Oh . But don 't be jealous . We were 12 . Ah . Oh , no , no , no . Yeah , it 's chloe 's ... We work ... We work together . Yeah . Oh , i 'm sorry . You look ... Well , you look like Two people who should be together . ( laughs ) again , i 'm sorry . ( all laughing anxiously ) chloe : So , Your office said we 'd find you here . We want to talk about the rats That came off the ship the other night . What about them ? Billy t . , the fisherman ... He has a gift for exaggeration And a fondness for whiskey . If he claimed he saw a hundred rats , You can be pretty sure he saw more like 12 . There 's nothing to be concerned about . Actually , uh , there is . You saw the bodies on the ship , right ? Well , you seriously think Rats killed the crew ? Rats don 't eat live people . In fact , They 're more afraid of us than we are of them . The coroner hasn 't finished his exams yet , But unofficially , he believes It was a carbon monoxide leak that killed those men . And then the hungry rats came in and feasted on the corpses . It 's tragic , sure , but not sinister . Yeah . I 've sent mitch five text messages Asking if he 's arrived at harvard yet . No reply . Have you heard from him ? No . But i haven 't reached out to him yet . I have patience . I don 't . What 's taking them so long ? Should we go over there ? No . We wait here , as discussed . At this present time , You and any representative of the law is a bad idea . I 'm not a fugitive , abe . Not yet . And it would be nice to keep it that way . I think that you should consider evacuating the island . Mm-hmm . Just to be safe . ( scoffing laugh ) : Are you kidding ? What is this all about , jackson ? We 've been studying animal behavior all over the world , And there is a-a real danger here . You know how much this community depends on the tourists . Evacuating in the middle of peak season Would cause a heck of a lot more damage Than any rats ever could . Look , if thousands of rats Had really shown up , someone would have seen them . So far , all i 've heard about are a few Being spotted over by the wilson . Remember the wilson hotel ? Yeah , of course . It 's been closed for a while now . It 's undergoing Some renovations . All right . That 's fine . Thank you very much , becky . Well , it was really good to see you , jackson . Yeah . And if you stay on island , we should get together . Just no more rat talk , you hear ? The wilson hotel . That 's where we have to go . It 's huge . If it 's deserted , it would make The perfect breeding ground for them , Once the ship was no longer viable . Man : Come on , fitzy , what 's your problem ? What do you got against reality tv shows ? I 'm just saying , they got shows on fishermen and repo men , Even those duck guys with the beards . Why not one on pest control ? ( laughs ) I mean , i 've been called many things in my day , But boring ain 't one of ' em . Imagine yours truly whipping out old reliable To scorch a colony of wasps . That 's some must-see tv Right there , i 'm telling ya ! ( rat squeaking ) Hey , i got to jump . I got me a live one . Hey , there , little buddy . Just stay right there . Where you going ? Where you going , buddy ? Where 's my little buddy ? Hey , little fella . ( rats squeaking ) All right . There you are . ( rats squeaking ) ( exterminator screaming ) Abraham : Come on , you son of a ... Jackson : You used to be good at this . Abraham : ( chuckles ) got it . ( rats squeaking ) Jackson : 37 seconds . You 're slowing down . Abraham : It 's the salt air . Makes the lock stick . Well , okay then . Guess they 're not finished with the wiring . I 'll have a look for a circuit panel . See if i can get some light . Chloe : Hey , the exterminator left some traps . Look . Abraham : It hasn 't been touched . Neither has this one . Those traps are no good to us Because they are store-bought junk Intended to kill the rats . Unlike like what we 've brought , Which should merely trap them , Hopefully becoming a honeymoon suite For a male and female For mitch to observe . The fact that it 's come to this , Searching for killer rats in an abandoned hotel . I should have gone to college . I thought you did go to college . Should have gone to a better college . Well , happy hunting . Chloe and i will check the traps on the upper floors . You guys look down here . ( indistinct chatter ) Nice park you got here . What makes it yours ? Well , mom never really lets me out of the house By myself anymore . But when she does , i 'm allowed to come here . With henry . Oh ... I , um ... Brought you a present . Cool . ( chuckles ) A piece of paper . Open it . You do know i 'm still at the age Where i would play with a doll , right ? A doll would 've been fine . Duly noted . Just open it . A parking ticket . You got me a parking ticket . A really old parking ticket . It 's ten years old , to be exact . I got that outside of brigham and women 's hospital On the day you were born . Okay ... When your mother 's water broke , The neighbor had to take her to the hospital , Because , uh , i was at a duck sanctuary in westport . And there was traffic , And i was late . So i had to park illegally , And i got that ticket . But i made it there on time . And you saved it . Mm-hmm . To , you know , Commemorate me making it to the delivery room To see you arrive . Anyway , now it 's yours . It 's like a family heirloom . ( chuckles ) Yeah . Something like that . With a ketchup stain . ( chuckles ) Oh , that 's , um ... Coffee , i think . Oh . ( chuckles ) Man : Last year , i just decided what the heck , Signed up for the dating service . ( chuckles ) And here we are . ( chuckles ) yeah . You know , there is a trick , Apparently very popular among ... The ladies on a first date . 20 minutes into the date , They have a friend call on the cell phone , and , uh , If the date isn 't going well , they fake an emergency and bolt . That 's terrible . I know about this because it 's happened to me Three times now . A little bit of a coincidence , don 't you think ? So , what do you do ? I manage a chain of hair salons . In queens . Oh . That explains why the ... Dating service thought we 'd be a good match . You manage hair salons , And i have this luxurious mane . ( laughs ) ( phone ringing ) Do you want to get that ? Might be an emergency . Nope . I 'm sure that it 's not an emergency . ( rats squeaking ) Some of these wires Are chewed clean through . ( grunts ) I could maybe fix it if i could see it , jamie . Sorry . I still haven 't heard from mitch . It 's killing me , to be this close to taking down reiden . So what if we did ? What if reiden was found guilty Of everything you ever suspected them of doing ? What then ? What do you mean ? When i was a little boy , My cousin , simon , and i were obsessed With finding a particularly endangered member Of the antelope family , the hirola . We traveled all around the countryside Just to catch a glimpse of one . Then , finally , in somalia , We found a small herd of hirola . Yes , it was as beautiful as we had hoped , And many photos were taken . But when we traveled home , We realized there was an emptiness . We had expended so much energy on a single-minded pursuit , And it was over . What now ? I appreciate what you 're saying . But i assure you , there will be no emptiness When we bring down reiden . ( chuckles ) There will be only joy . Looks like abraham found the circuit panel . ( rats scurrying , squeaking ) It sounds like there 's hundreds of them . ( scurrying continues , louder ) maybe thousands . Thousands . ( clacking ) What is that ? It 's called bruxing . Bruxing ? It 's the sound they make When they grind their incisors . You 're saying that- - Yes , that they 're sharpening their teeth . ( bruxing continues , rats squeaking ) Abraham : Looks like we have A winner . Ah ... Careful . Don 't let it bite you . ( harsh squeaking ) Come on ... Come on to your old friend abraham . ( rat hissing ) Hey ! ( gasps ) It 's worse than we thought . You got one . Yes . A male . ( rat hissing , squeaking ) Okay , now we just need a female . At the risk of sounding overly girly , This is all really , really ... Really disgusting . ( phone line ringing ) Sheriff bowman . ( staticky ) : Becky , it 's jackson . I can barely hear you , jackson . What 's that noise ? The wilson is literally crawling with rats . We can hear them in the walls . You said you 're at the wilson ? Yes . There are thousands of rats inside . You have to at least evacuate all the nearby homes . I need to stop at the station first , then i 'm on my way . Stay right where you are . No , no , don 't , don 't come here . Please , you have to keep people away from here . Becky ! Damn it , she hung up . Come on , the sooner we find a female rat , The sooner we get out of here . Let 's eat . Oh . Okay . I remember your mother 's cooking is not so good . Have these been approved by the fda ? 'fraid not . What is it ? That 's either very old cheese Or very new meat . ( chuckles ) Do you have a wife ? Or a girlfriend ? No . And you 've never met justin , right ? No . Just on the phone . You like him ? I do . A lot . ( chuckles ) He 's awesome . But i don 't call him " dad " or anything , In case you were wondering . Okay . So , um , How you feeling ? Not bad . For a dead girl . You know , you really shouldn 't call yourself that . Why not ? It 's what the other kids call me . Woman : Really ? You 're checking your phone ? Are you hoping one of your pals will call you With an exit strategy ? ( chuckles ) no . Uh , i just ... I 'm worried about a colleague of mine Who vanished . Oh . I 'm sorry . No , it 's all right . I 'm sure he 's fine . He 's something of a protégé of mine- - younger guy . " number 12 . " We call him that because he 's , uh ... He 's handsome like a quarterback . ( laughs ) ( horse nickers , snorts ) You never told me what you do for a job . That 's probably because it 's very hard to explain . I settle differences within my business ... Like a mediator . Yeah , something like that , I guess . ( chuckles ) ( chuckles ) But , uh , number 12 is special . He 's a good kid . Uh ... I guess since my son took off for california , i ... Well ... ( chuckles ) I 'm sure he 's fine . Yeah , well , me , too . Man : Hello , there . Care for a ride ? Oh , i don 't know , i ... ( neighs ) You ? Why not ? ( chuckles ) Let 's do it . I 've never done this . Driver : Here you go . Watch your step . Woman : Thank you . ( neighing ) It 's all right . My patch job must not have held . Perhaps it worked better than i thought . ( elevator approaching ) ( elevator bell dings ) Hey , guys . The elevator 's here . Must be becky . ( squeaking ) Jackson : Through here ! Abraham : Move , move , move ! Jamie : Come on , come on , come on ! ( stammers ) where 's chloe ? Oh , my god . ( chuckling ) hey , you don 't mind me asking , How long you two been together ? Uh ... Not long . ( chuckles ) ( chuckles ) Nothing ? No . Sorry . It 's okay to be worried about your friend . ( sputters , neighs ) Whoa , gypsy ! Everything all right ? Whoa . No , he just got spooked . I 'm not sure why . ( gypsy snorting , neighing ) Whoa ! Slow down ! Come on , boy ! Woman : What 's wrong ? Come on , boy . Gypsy , whoa ! Is there something you can do ? ! I 'm trying ! Gypsy , slow down ! ( woman screaming ) Come on , slow down ! Gypsy , stop ! The horse is out of control ! Aah ! ( woman screaming ) No , no , no ! I 've got you . Let 's go ! ( woman screams ) ( shouting , screaming ) ( door creaks open ) ( groggy ) : That was a good day . You should come around more often , professor . Yeah , i think so , too . ( indistinct police radio chatter ) ( rats squeaking ) Jackson ? Hello ? ( door opens ) We 're clear . ( harsh squeaking ) Jackson : She 's not answering her phone . She 'll be okay . Chloe 's a bad-ass , right ? ( muffled squeaking ) Hold on- - do you hear that ? Yeah , it 's coming from your game bag . Impossible . Dude ! Thought you said that was a male rat . It is male , trust me . Jamie : Well , how could a male rat give birth ? Abraham : I don 't know . Ugh . Some ... Some species reproduce asexually . Insects , fish , reptiles- - but not rats . No mammals , for that matter . They 're all male . Are you sure ? You want to count rodent penises , Be my guest . I 'll take your word for it . But how can that be ? I don 't know . I-i don 't know , but it is . Well , is this so unusual ? It is statistically Unheard of for a standardized litter to be comprised Of entirely one sex . I-i suppose it 's not impossible , but it-it 's ... H-highly unlikely . Okay , animals reproduce to ensure the survival Of their species , right ? But what if that 's changing ? Think about the mutations we 've seen in the other animals . The lions communicating over great distances . The bears and their endoskeletons . The bats , the rats- - the whole thing . What if these mutations are not about the ... Survival of one species , But the destruction of another ? Meaning ... Us ? We gotta find chloe . Hello ? Jackson ? ( squeaking ) ¶ ¶ ( rats ' teeth clacking ) ( sighs with relief ) Chloe . So much for the coroner 's theory that rats don 't eat people . Chloe : Yes , and we need to find something better than rat traps . Yeah . You take care of these people , okay ? I need you to keep an eye on him . If he starts displaying Any atypical aggression , Just ... Put him in his crate . Call me . What are you talking about ? It 's a thing that i 'm working on . Certain animals are acting strange . If you notice anything , please , Just call me , all right ? Justin , too . And why would i do that ? Because i 'm an animal expert . No , i mean , why would i call you ? About anything ? I 'm just curious . All right , audra , look ... Is this your midlife crisis , mitch ? Where you start feeling guilty about all the crappy things You 've done , like walk out on your wife and your baby girl ? Is that what this is ? No , it isn 't . Buy a sports car . Go to a nightclub full of cheerleaders . Have a regular person 's midlife crisis . But do not , for one second , think that i need you here . Okay . But answer me one thing : Why now ? Why , after all this time , Did you call and say you wanted to see her ? Why now ? Okay , let 's assume , for a minute , That the cargo ship loaded with reiden products Accelerated the reproduction of the few rats on board . Yes . Okay , then once the ship got close and was no longer safe , They had to find another viable option . Abraham : This abandoned hotel . ( baby rats squeaking ) hey , guys ... It 's ... They don 't sound right . They 're suffering . I think they 're dehydrated . It 's no wonder . Male rats can 't nurse . Well , like , up until ten minutes ago , They couldn 't give birth , either . Yeah , well , something 's nursing the pups . I mean , given how quickly the rats are multiplying , They have to be feeding . There 's got to be females around somewhere . And they must be big . Big ? Why big ? To feed all these pups . Wait , are you ... Are you guys saying that there are some kind rat queens ? If there are , We have to find them . Okay , that would be crucial to understanding This particular mutation . How about you guys go and find your rat queen And i go and find chloe ? Jamie , do you really want to be in this place alone ? How about we stick together And find them both , huh ? Woman : That horse ... W-what was wrong with it ? I don 't know . I 'm a little more concerned about you . See you at the hospital , okay ? Okay . ( phone rings ) Hey . Hey , boss . It 's me , murph . Yeah , i ... I 'm in a bit of a situation here . Can i call you back ? It 's about your friend , number 12 . What about him ? He 's dead . What are you talking about ? He was shot . His body just found in a hotel stairwell . In alabama . Any leads ? Security cam footage from the hotel lobby . Sending it to you now . ( ambulance engine starts ) ( siren wails ) Who are those people with him ? And what was ben shafer doing in alabama ? I don 't know , but i 'm sure as hell gonna find out . Jamie : Where are we going ? Jackson : Rats build nests to raise their young , So you 'd think with this many rats we 'd see a bunch of nests . But we haven 't seen any . Exactly . So maybe if we 're looking for one big queen rat , We should be looking for one big nest . Something tells me you already know Where such an area might be . I think i do . Well , being the wise ones we are , we 'll do our best To avoid such an area . We shall not . ( sighs ) Abraham : Perhaps you are wrong . ( squeaking , squealing ) Jackson : I 'm afraid not . ( squeaking , squealing continue ) ( jamie gasps ) abraham : Dear lord ! Jamie : Oh , my god . I think we 're all agreed That these creatures need to be destroyed . Any suggestions on how to do that ? I don 't know , but ... I think we have a bigger problem . What do we do ? Chloe : Guys ! Chloe , stay out of here ! Queens ! Get the queens ! Get out of here ! Go , go , go , go ! ( siren wails , indistinct police radio chatter ) Fire got them all . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Any pups that survive , They won 't last long . Uh , not without the females . I called an off-island exterminator , just to be safe . That 's a good idea . There 's something more to it , isn 't there ? Whatever it is you 're looking into ? There might be . Well , good luck . And be safe . And don 't wait another ten years to come back here . This island is still great . When it 's rat-free . Hey , becky , wait a second . I need to apologize . For what ? For ... Disappearing , back then . And never explaining why . You didn 't have to explain . I knew . Everybody knew what ... ( clears throat ) Was going on with your father . Right . Of course . Besides ... We were 12 . ( both laugh ) Chloe : You had good taste when you were 12 . I 'll breathe a lot easier when we 're off this island . Burke : This would be much more civilized If you 'd just give me your name . My assistant told me , " that man is here . The surly one . " That 's what he called you . Can we just get this over with ? There should be more than enough here to help your daughter . It 's a six-week course of treatment . The protocol is simple : Two pills , Three times a day . The mother cell . ¶ ¶ Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
