 Previously on stitchers ... - ( clamoring ) - if there 's someone you want to say goodbye to , now 's the time . I just wanted to say that i love you both . So what is the problem , son ? I have a great girlfriend . You have a girlfriend ? Benjamin , are you there ? - Did ed clark commit suicide ? - No . - How did he die ? - Protecting you . Hey , fisher , ed clark didn 't commit suicide . He was murdered . Is kirsten home ? - Who is liam ? - My boyfriend . Kirsten has never mentioned him . Okay , find out everything you can about him . I want a full report . - You think it 's him ? - My gut says yes , And if there is even a chance . Will you marry me ? ¶ i 'm gonna take my time ... ¶ There 's no need to be so precise . Listen , i have to make them perfect to match your crepes . I am used to frozen waffles . You 're spoiling me . That 's the plan . What are you doing ? I 'm seeing what your hair looks like up . I like it . Well , maybe one day i 'll surprise you . ( cell phone beeps ) You got a text ... From cameron . - Thanks . - Who 's maggie ? Oh , just someone at work . You in trouble ? I can handle her . This looks amazing . We could eat like this every morning . Right , and then we would be 500 lbs . Seriously . You , me , domestic bliss . God , i 'm so hungry . Kirsten , have you given any thought to my proposal ? ( cell phone beeps ) Another software emergency ? I 'm sorry . We 're ... On a deadline . - Can you save it ? - No . But more for me . So when do i get to play This big secret game you 're designing ? Someday . They 're just really strict about keeping it under wraps . Thank you for being so patient . So we 'll talk about us later ? - Promise ? - I do . The two words i 'm hoping to hear . ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ Good morning , people . Isn 't it a great day to be alive ? You 're a happy camper today . Yeah , ' cause the last time i was in here , we almost died . Now the sun is shining , the flowers are a-bloom , And i work with the greatest team in the world . - Churros for ... ¶ everyone . ¶ - churros , the extruded cousin of the beignet . Thanks , anyways . I 'll put these in the break room for you . Do not throw those out . So got a funny story . Remember when maggie told us to call our loved ones and say goodbye ? Yeah , but we lived to tell the tale . How fab is that ? Yeah , so i told my parents that i had a girlfriend- - A serious girlfriend- - to make them happy . That 's sort of sweet . Yeah , so they were so happy , they insisted on meeting her . So what do you say to dinner tonight , 8 : 00 , my house ? You told them i 'm the serious girlfriend ? Like you said , you know , sort of sweet . I 'm just gonna remain upbeat , and i 'm gonna cheerily request That you cancel that dinner and tell your parents the truth . Tell them that we all almost died In an outbreak in our secret lab ? - Tell them we broke up . - Come on , they 'd be heartbroken . Over a bogus relationship ? This is ridiculous . Wait , just meet them , okay ? Prove to them that you actually exist And then we can break up . Call an escort service . Yeah , but i 've already described you . My mom 's really excited . She 's making her world class chicken tikka . - Masala ? - And homemade naan . Okay , one dinner . Then i 'm dumping your lying ass . Is there a problem ? Let 's talk ... Before someone turns into one . Your boyfriend and potential fiance , from what i understand . You called me in here to talk about liam ? What we do and who we associate with in our personal lives can present a security risk . I haven 't told liam anything about the program . And how 's that working for you ? Not great . I 'm running out of excuses . What do you really know about him ? He 's an anthropologist , correct ? He 's off traveling the world , then shows up at your door , Charms his way back into your life and pops the question . - What 's wrong with that ? - The timing . He didn 't come back until you got involved With the stitchers program . He finished his fellowship . Liam 's not a problem . That 's all you need to know . Maggie 's former c.I.A. What did you expect ? My private life has nothing to do with the stitchers program . And since when do you eat churros ? Since 15 minutes ago , but please hide the box . I 've had three already . My relationship with liam is just none of maggie 's business . Not that it 's any of mine , But are you gonna marry him ? I haven 't given him an answer yet . So you 're still debating mr . Perfect 's proposal ? Oh , great . So you 're against him , too ? I 'm sorry . That wasn 't called for . Liam 's a good guy . Look , i have a hard enough time sorting out my past . I need to consider my future with a certain degree of caution . I want to be sure he 's the one . You 're never gonna be sure . The future doesn 't come with guarantees . That is true . Hey , buddy , pal . Sir . Better . - Give us a minute , huh ? - Yeah . Try the churros . Sorry i didn 't get back to you about your message , But we 've been down this road before . The ed clark case is closed . Right , remember when i told you i couldn 't wait - To prove you wrong about ed 's suicide ? - Mm-hmm . Les turner told me that ed died trying to protect me . - Turner ? - He 's the director of the stitchers program . Yeah , i know who turner is . Who was ed protecting you from ? He didn 't say . All right , i 'll ask him , find out what he knows . He 's not exactly what you 'd call accessible . Lately , i 've had his attention . Embrace your adventures with a positive energy And the universe will reward you . Vanessa sawyer , 24 , self-proclaimed psychic . She co-hosted an online show . Gave advice , answered questions . Hot mess in reseda , you 're involved in a competition , But lack confidence . But the king of wands says that you show potential . Believe in yourself . Vanessa 's co-host jessica barnes goes by the name solaris . - Of course she does . - Solaris got back in town this morning And discovered vanessa 's body at home . - She was bludgeoned . - With ? A geode . That is a big rock . - Ouch . - Any suspects ? According to the police , there was no forced entry , Nothing stolen , so a robbery is unlikely . So she knew her killer . But so far , no known enemies and no reported threats . Fisher is going to go to the dreamcatcher studios where she produced the show . Why don 't we ask the psychic solaris who killed her ? Maybe she can tell us . Give us some stock tips , too . I 'd prefer a more scientific approach . Yeah , stitching is basically talking to ghosts . Well , it is . - Man : Blood pressure sensor online . - All right , Stations , please . Lights to 20 % . I need a go , no-go for stitch neurosync . - Life-sci ? - Go . - Sub-bio ? - Good to go . - Engineering ? - Go . - Communications ? - Go . We 're always a go . Protocol , linus . Protocols . - Com check , kirsten . One , two . - I 'm with you . Something here doesn 't make sense . Let 's go poke it with a stick . Induce stitch neurosync on my mark . In three , two , one ... Mark . Um , cameron ? You took a wrong turn . Where are you ? Outer space . Cameron : What ? Oh , never mind . I 'm at the studio . I love it . We should 've changed it months ago . - Cameron : So the space thing ? - Just the backdrop for their show . Jengirl22 , Your future is full of possibilities . Don 't be afraid to take chances . Vanessa 's giving advice . The search brings happiness , not the destination . If you decide to- ( electricity sparks ) - a light sparked . She 's watching a couple argue . There 's a fire around them . But it 's not really there , but it 's like she 's sensing something about them . Can you move her closer to the time of the murder ? Follow the glutamate levels to their largest spike point . - I 've been watching . - Apparently . Hang on , oda mae . I 'm moving you as close to the murder as i can . ( gagging ) I 'm not at vanessa 's murder . - ( electricity sparks ) - ( beeping ) ( panting ) Did you see who killed her ? I saw someone else get killed . Vanessa got killed because she witnessed a murder . You stitched in to find evidence of vanessa sawyer 's murder . Yes , and someone must have killed her to shut her up . - She saw this other woman get choked to death- - - but i 've checked . No homicides , no missing person reports that fit the description you gave me . Maybe no one 's found her body yet . ( sighs ) we need to focus on the body we have . Look , whoever that woman was , if we find her killer , we will find vanessa 's too , And i think they both worked here . Lots of potential suspects . That 's the guy i saw arguing with her in the stitch . With vanessa ? No , with the woman who was strangled . That makes him our prime suspect . Fisher : For a murder we don 't know has happened . I know what i saw . You explain it . Stitch glitch . And what 's with your hairdo ? Yeah , i own the place . Vanessa started shooting here six months ago . Terrible thing , a young girl like that . Yeah , just when the money started flowing in , too . Can i help you with something ? They 're with me . What is this , " bring your kids to work " day ? No , it 's " interrogate a douche " day . Go ahead , dad . What did you mean the money was flowing in ? I thought it was free to watch online . Her channel 's free , but the private readings she did , Online sales . It 's the future of revenue . And you get a piece of the action . Everyone comes here a nobody with a dream . If i see something there , i invest in them and make their dreams come true . You 're a regular fairy godfather . Who was that woman vanessa saw you arguing with ? Excuse me . You got into it with someone , a very stylish woman . I thought this was about vanessa . It is . Why don 't we speak over here ? It 's hard enough trying to explain how you know about murders that really happened . That woman was killed . And her murder is connected to vanessa 's . Why else would it be in her memory ? Man , some of the posts on vanessa 's show . People get nasty when her predictions don 't come true . Camille : Pissed enough to kill her ? " you lying bitch . " i flew out to miami to surprise my boyfriend like you said , " and found him in bed with my sister . Please die . " That 's from n.J. In los angeles . Okay , ready or not ... Meet the parents outfit number one . You look like a librarian . You said not to show too much skin . I didn 't say not to show any . Outfit number two it is . I can help with the buttons . ( clears throat ) No , my folks will freak . Linus , what do you want from me ? Maybe dress more like Someone my parents won 't have a coronary meeting . I am at all times myself . Of course , but maybe you could just show them 10 % of yourself . Look at this 10 % . It 's a good 10 % . I can 't believe anyone would want to hurt her . Vanessa had such a big heart . She was pure light , But she did see a darkness coming . You mean sensed it In a poetic , allegorical way ? No , she saw it . Here in the studio . I said we could move spaces , but we were stuck in our contract . She saw the darkness , and now she 's gone . A doubter . Do you ever get a " bad vibe " ? Something that makes your hair stand on end ? My hair 's always like this . We all have natural intuition . People like me and vanessa just have more of it . So the " darkness " she spoke about , was she specific ? Our visions , premonitions , However you want to call it , they 're not always literal . Like a fire for instance , it could represent ... Anger , tension . You 're struggling with a decision . You need to know yourself before you can share your life with anyone . You have a very sensitive heart . You need to protect it . Here , take this . It will keep you safe . I will do that . We 're very sorry about your friend . Of course i 'm sorry , too , but that woman is a whack-a-doodle . Oh , so when something isn 't explained by science , you immediately think it 's nuts . She gave me a rock . She knew about your heart . In the most general terms . You 're a person of science , okay ? You 're not supposed to believe in magic . Science is just magic that 's been explained . - What , you trying to spook me ? Yeah , i 'm so scared- - - ( pops ) I saw that happen in vanessa 's memory . - What ? - That light sparking . - She had a premonition . - It 's a coincidence . That 's her . The woman who was strangled . She looks damn good , considering . I guess vanessa didn 't witness her murder after all . Unless she did see it , And it just hasn 't happened yet . We 're just both so shocked about vanessa . Terrible . Devastating . She 's the whole reason behind my event tonight . I 'm making a big splash to launch my brand . Ah , congratulations . I thought about canceling , but i 'm trying to stay positive And keep the energy clear . It 's what she would have wanted . So vanessa did readings for you ? All the time . She was so inspiring . Just wondering if she predicted any trouble for you . We 're thinking about shooting a show here , And word is things can get pretty intense . The owner rick hauser . Make sure you read the fine print on your contract . So , like , once you take his startup money , he owns you for life ? Exactly . I 've been busting my ass , making a name for myself . I 'm finally ready to fly , and he 's like a giant weight tying me down . Has he ever threatened you ? To ride my coattails and suck me dry ? Absolutely . Listen , i 've got a million things to do before tonight . A lot of pretty people will be there . You guys should come . We 'll be there . Yeah . Couldn 't resist . ( kisses ) We 'll be there ? If her murder is supposed to happen tonight , maybe we can stop it . Oh , and for a second i thought you weren 't gonna make any sense . Don 't be afraid . Sometimes the future seems daunting . So many choices and decisions , But surround yourself with people you love , Listen to your heart , And keep on creating your own happily ever after . - Good story ? - They all end the same . The girl marries the prince . And they live happily ever after . I don 't want to get married . You don 't have to . You don 't have to do anything you don 't want to . But i want to know what happy is . You are a very smart girl , And you can accomplish anything that you set your mind to , Just like your mother . And someday , you might find someone That you love who loves you back . You haven 't . I did . Once . And i might again . Who knows what the future will bring ? Liam : Kirsten , earth to kirsten . Hey . How was your run ? It was pretty weird , actually . Someone was following me . Should i be jealous ? It was an s.U.V. Did you see the driver ? - He sped away . - That is weird . It made me wonder actually if it might have something to do with you . Me ? You keep running off to this mysterious job . Now i 'm being followed ? Who exactly do you work for ? ( cell phone beeps ) Unbelievable ! - I 'm sorry . - No , don 't apologize anymore . Just help me out here , because i 'm having a really hard time Believing that this is all about a video game . It 's hard to explain . Try me . Kirsten , we can 't keep secrets from each other . I know . Well , then tell me . What the hell is going on ? - Liam , wait . - No , i 'm walking out this time . You had liam followed . I have to call you back . And don 't tell me you didn 't or you don 't know what i 'm talking about Or how , " oh , i need to trust you . " Okay , i won 't . Sit . Please . Stop digging around and looking for dirt . - Liam is honest and loyal . - Let 's say you 're right . He 's a bona fide boy scout worthy of your trust . Can he say the same about you ? What are you talking about ? Were you with him when the stitch chime went off ? What excuses did you make ? The fact of the matter is you 're the dishonest one in the relationship . You lie and you keep secrets from him . And liam is gonna start to sense your deception . ( gasps ) He already has . The closest to us always do . And let me tell you , once that seed of suspicion is planted , It grows until it drives a wedge between you . It won 't be that way with him . I hope you can make it . I really do . Honest relationships , They are tough even without the secrets . I couldn 't even manage one with my own son . You have a kid ? Ben . He grew up with a mother who could never explain to him Why she had to leave him so often Or where she was really going . And he resents me for it to this day . - My favorite color is ? - Green . - And i am allergic to ? - Latex and fabric softener . - And we met ? - Oh , i know this . At a lecture on microscopic photography . Correct . And when i got to the lecture , i noticed you right away , But you were too busy taking notes on ? - Shutter speeds . - Ah ! Come on , it 's in page seven . Look at the footnotes . Do we really have to get this detailed ? My parents need to believe that we 're a happy couple . Which reminds me , you can touch my arm and smile from time to time , But don 't do it too much . And do not bring up the fact that we 've had sex . That 's the only part of this relationship that 's actually happened . ( alarm blaring ) We 'll discuss table etiquette post-stitch . All right , everyone , time for round two . - Kirsten , remember , we need answers about vanessa . - Got it . Cameron : Induce stitch neurosync on my mark . Three , two , one . Mark . Vanessa 's watching mia and hauser again . You were playing dress up before i took a gamble on you . The minute you see a little success , you want to renegotiate my percentage ? Fair is fair . Damn straight . You knew what you signed on for . Pay me what you owe . Greedy bastard . Karma 's gonna bite him in the ass . Vanessa saw a fire again . I think she 's picking up on mia 's anger . Mia , don 't mess with your karma . What ? Be content with your own success . ( scoffs ) - Cameron ? ! - What ? - Are you okay ? - All good , stretch . How about you ? I 'm fine . Sorry , i just thought i saw something . Whoa . - ( music playing ) - ( chattering ) ( laughing ) - I 'm at mia 's launch party . - What ? That hasn 't happened yet . Which makes sense because vanessa 's not here . That makes sense ? Linus , what 's going on ? ( typing ) well , she 's not in a memory . I can 't find her anywhere on the map . Kirsten , something wonky 's going on . You 've concocted an image of what you think mia 's party will look like . Right , because i really want neon to come back . I see mia and hauser . Wherever you are , i 'm moving you out of there . ( choking ) It 's hauser . He 's killing her . - Vanessa ? - No , mia . How is that even possible ? Kirsten is still missing in action . Amplify transcranial stimulation , give vanessa 's memories a boost , Put kirsten back on track . Don 't bother , i 'm bouncing . I 'm sorry . I wanted to see more of vanessa , But she 's just so wrapped up in mia . I think hauser 's going to kill her at the party later . Look , hauser may be a dirtbag , but his record is clean . There 's no history of violence . Until tonight . ( sighs ) if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go find out who killed vanessa sawyer . You know , the woman who was actually murdered . Fisher needs evidence , not " premonitions . " I don 't choose what i see . That 's exactly what you were doing . You extrapolated all of your negative thoughts of hauser And projected an image of him killing mia at the event tonight . Okay , you need to rationalize this , because science can 't explain it , But five or ten years ago , would any of you have believed me If i said you 'd be stitching my consciousness into a dead person 's memory ? No , but i 'd think it was pretty cool . I 'll save mia myself . Hey , zoltar , hold up . I don 't believe in psychics , But i do believe in you . If you think mia 's in danger , i 'm coming with you . Cameron , when i was in the stitch , i saw- - What ? Never mind . I 'm going alone . Remember , when you meet them , no handshakes and no hugs . Right , i 'll just touch their feet . I read online it 's a hindu sign of respect . - No , don 't touch their feet . Please , that 's so weird . - Duh ! And you know what ? Don 't laugh too loud like you normally do and don 't talk too much . - Be an active listener- - - linus , you 're throwing me off my game . Hey , mom , dad . Hello . You must be camille . Welcome to our home . Oh ! ( laughing ) Hi . You guys . ¶ in the west ¶ ¶ i could see clear ¶ ¶ a vision of us in a slipstream ¶ ¶ and through the haze ¶ ¶ you met me here ¶ ¶ show me the way that you want it ¶ ¶ my dreams are always a world away ¶ You shouldn 't be here . Yeah , that 's what the guy at the door told me . Then i told him i was a g.Q. Model . And he believed you ? I mean , with all this going on ? I mean , why wouldn 't he ? Nah , i just showed him my invitation . Let 's mingle . So in optogenetics , we monitor the activities of neurons in living tissue . I 'm sorry i can 't even speak 'cause this curry is- - I mean , mrs . Ahluwalia , you have mad skills in the kitchen . Getti , please . Would you like some more ? I mean , yes . You have chosen a fascinating Subject to study . You know , camille is a real whiz at data retrieval systems , too , And acoustic wave theory . So she 's very stupid . Yeah , almost as stupid as linus . No , but seriously , i mean , Linus has an awesome mind . And he 's not just incredibly smart , he 's kind And considerate And just so respectful of me . That 's such a credit to the two of you . Really . I love this girl . Oh ! Not as much as i love you , darling . Shall we kiss and embarrass our little linus ? No , no , no , please . Relax . They 're adorable . Samir , help me clear the table . That is our signal to go into the kitchen and talk about how much we like camille . What are you doing ? Are you getting them to like you ? I kind of thought that was the point . But they like you too much . How am i supposed to dump you ? I thought i was dumping you . That 's so emasculating . Whatever . Just reel it in . Uh-huh . Check out these fashion-themed hors d 'oeuvres . Bowtie pasta . Gazpacho served in a tiny purse . Which makes sense since it tastes like lint . I really wish you hadn 't come . Oh , that 's cute . Skirt steak . I get it . Look , you don 't think i was gonna let you do this alone . We 're partners , aren 't we ? - Kirsten . - Liam . You followed me here ? I saw the invite , came to apologize for walking out on you . Looks like you 're doing just fine without me . - There 's nothing going on . - Really ? - You text her first thing in the mornings . - To relay a message . We 're colleagues . Right , at your video game company . Are you working now ? - Liam , don 't do this here . - Fine . Let 's go home . I can 't leave yet . Of course you can 't . ( glass clinking ) To mia nichols , who pursues fashion With a passion . When i first put her online , i saw potential . A diamond in the rough . Well , i polished her . I put her in the right setting . Now look how she sparkles today . The perfect example of what i can do here at dreamcatcher . - To our success . - ( applause ) Thanks , rick , for that lovely toast . I think you only used the " i " word five times . ( laughter ) Tonight really is my dream come true . Thank you all so much for coming . That 's a wrap . Crises averted . The night 's not over . Mmm . ( speaks foreign language ) You speak hindi ? ( coughs ) reel it in . I just picked up a couple of words from linus . You learn from each other . Yes ? Yeah , i think i 've taught him a thing or two . We 're so delighted that you have found each other . Yeah , me too . Camille , i want to show you something . - Ma . - Don 't " ma " me . Open it . Open . Holy cow . Oh , no offense . ( laughing ) It was linus' great-grandmother 's . Why are you showing her this ? Girls like sparkly things . Would you like to try it on ? - No , no , no , no . - Hush . Let 's see . It 's just for fun . Well , you heard your mother . Put a ring on it . Okay , so i could be Way off here . But maybe you don 't want to go home Because you 're avoiding liam . What , are you my therapist now ? No , but debating your answer ever since he proposed , Not once have i heard you mention love . Do you love him ? Why 'd she come back ? What 's he doing back ? - Okay , stay here . - No way . Cameron , please ... Okay , my sensitive heart . I know . I 'm coming with you . Okay , fine , but call fisher . ( mia gagging ) ( gagging ) - Ugh ! - Cameron ! Cameron . I 'm okay . I 'm okay . He tried to kill me . You psycho bitch ! - Keep away from her . - I caught her pouring gasoline . Lucky i came back . She would 've torched the place . This was the biggest night of my life , and i had to share it with him . So you were going to burn down his studio ? That leech takes advantage of everyone . He has it coming . Greedy bastard . Karma 's gonna bite him in the ass . Vanessa knew you were up to something . She had a premonition . She saw fire . She tried to stop you , didn 't she ? You killed vanessa . ( gasping ) Hey , hey , where 's the fire ? I hope she knows how to accessorize an orange jumpsuit . Did she kill vanessa ? She claims they argued over vanessa 's premonition . Vanessa was afraid that mia would set a fire at her party And hurt people , so she started calling hauser to cancel it . Which would have ruined everything mia 's worked for , So she hit vanessa in the head . She shoved her , at least that 's what she told us . That rock fell off the shelf , hit vanessa , Mia panicked and left her ... - It was an accident ? - That 's for the jury to decide . Nice work , kid . Nailed it . Not me . Vanessa . Getti , thank you for tonight . You are welcome . You 're always welcome . What 's wrong , dear ? I just never had anything like this . I kind of grew up on my own , So being here tonight with you and samir , You 're both just so warm and wonderful , And i 've definitely never worn Anything this beautiful . Thank you for letting me have it for a little while . You 're a lovely girl . Maybe someday ? I don 't know . We just want linus to be happy . Me too . So is there a future ? I never say never . You have every right to be angry . And you deserve the whole truth . But i can 't give it to you right now . Is it him ? Cameron ? No , there 's no one else . It 's only been you . But i 'm not enough . I am still figuring out who i am , let alone who i want to become . I can 't get married . I 'm sorry . You 're the most extraordinary woman i 've ever known . I think you always will be . You know , i said you didn 't have to come . Doesn 't mean i had to listen . So ? You know me . I 'm already over it . How crazy was it vanessa 's premonition came true ? I guess there 's something to this psychic thing after all . ( gasps ) you , a man of science . I 'm gonna chalk it up to a yet-to-be-defined time-energy correlation . Maybe science just needs a while to catch up . Sounds reasonable . Now the real question is , What to do with this ? My heart 's still ticking . So i guess it worked . Here . You take it . To protect your heart . ( dialing ) She said no . Yeah , that 's right . She turned me down . Yeah , i can stick around . What 's plan " b " ? ( theme music playing ) ¶ take me inside ¶
