 BIG JIM : Four weeks ago , an invisible dome crashed down on Chester 's Mill , cutting us off from the rest of the world . The dome has tested our limits , forcing each of us to confront our own personal demons ... rage ... grief ... fear . My God . ( people exclaiming ) Now , in order to survive , we must battle our most dangerous adversary ... the enemy within . Inside Eva is the queen , who will lead our kinship out of the dome . Push now ! No ! ( grunting ) ( crying ) That baby is half mine . She is my queen . We need to split the amethyst into seven pieces . JULIA : If the cure works and Joe figures out how to take down the dome , maybe we can all get out of here the same way we came in . When will the cure be ready for the rest of the town ? When I say it 's ready . HEKTOR : We have to kill them all ... Hunter , Norrie , Joe , Barbie ... everyone . - ♪ Lullaby and good night - ( grunting ) ♪ Is baby 's wee bed . ♪ I just abandoned my newborn . You had no choice . The kinship would have killed us . So we should have followed them ! There were a dozen people closing in on us . We 're gonna go back to the day care - and figure out our next move . - No . No , I can 't . Sorry , I got to find her . Barbie , they are gonna have her hidden , under heavy guard . - This is their new queen . - That 's ridiculous ! She 's a baby ! She 's nobody 's queen . She was conceived and born in three days . - She is my daughter . - She 's not human . Look , I know how you feel ... No , you don 't . You have no idea how I feel . You 're right . But I do know what we 're up against . And our next move has to be smart . When I left the day care , Junior was doing well . He was back to his old self . So if Hektor 's cure works , it can help your baby . She 's the first person we 're using this on . ( engine revving ) LILY : Can 't sleep either , huh ? My favorite part of the day . Usually there 's no one around to bother me . I know why you 're awake . Same reason I am . I heard you make that deal with Hektor . To kill everyone infected with the Life Force . You don 't know what you heard . You talk to anyone else ? I will if you don 't help me stop Hektor . You obviously don 't know who you 're talking to . I worked surveillance on the dome . I 've seen you go all Ted Bundy on people . I also saw how much you care about this town . You don 't want to do this . - And neither does Hektor . - He seemed all gung ho last night . Hektor 's not a murderer . He 's just desperate because the cure failed . Well , he needs to grow thicker skin . I think he 'll listen to you , if you explain to him that ... losing Junior doesn 't have to be the end of all his hard work . That there 's still time to keep trying . - Well , time 's the one thing we don 't have . - So , what ... we give everyone in your town the same homemade doomsday punch ? What , you think a-a pep talk with Hektor 's gonna stop him from murdering everyone ? If it doesn 't work ... then we use force . ( sighs ) If I do this , I 'm gonna need something from you . Get rid of that ... surveillance footage you mentioned . Something like that could get in my way , after the dome comes down . You 're asking me to erase murder evidence ? I help you , you help me . Or I could tell Hektor about our little chat . Fine . I 'll erase your file . And I 'll see what I can do to stop Hektor . That 's enough . He 's with us . - Thank you . - Dale . I finally get to meet you . Your father spoke highly of you . You know , it 's funny . All these years , I thought that it was my dad running a dirty company . Turns out the real scumbag was you . Look , I made a lot of mistakes at Aktaion . That 's why I came under the dome ... make things right . Hey . We were afraid you wouldn 't find us . Oh ... you only have yourself to blame for that . You drew us a square on the door . Only reason we knew to look here was because " paper mill " was next on the list of hideouts . So , we saw the bodies at the day care . What happened ? The cure , it made Junior go totally aggro . He killed the guards , ran off . That 's why we had to move . DR. BLOOM : The virus mutated faster than we predicted . Instead of extinguishing the Life Force , it may have enhanced some qualities in James Rennie . So the cure failed . What happened to the new alien queen ? She landed yet ? My daughter was born yesterday . NORRIE : Where is she ? - Is she okay ? - JULIA : She 's ... infected . Christine 's troops found us . - They took the baby . - This baby , did it have an umbilical cord ? - Yeah , why ? - Stem cells contain the purest form of the virus . Purer than what we 've drawn from Christine . If you can get your hands on that cord , - there 's still a chance . - Well , consider that done . All right . Dr. Bloom and I will set up the lab . Come with me . Is there any way we can help ? BARBIE : Yeah , if you 've got any ideas on where to find Christine , then shoot . The drone we brought in . Yeah , we could fly it around town , see if we can spot her . JULIA : That 's a great idea . All right , everybody , remember to check in , okay ? It 's beautiful . It 's the dome 's dying light . I 'm draining what 's left of its energy into the baby . It will hasten the calcification , but without the amethysts , we have no choice . The new queen has to be cocooned . - No , let me go . - ( baby cries ) It 's for the baby . ( crying ) Christine ... It 's expiring too fast . If the dome seals up before the queen is ready , the kinship won 't make it out of here alive . ( crying ) So this stem cell thing 's for real ? We 're so close . We just need a fresh sample of the most recent viral strain . There 's some more lab equipment outside . Can you go bring it in , please ? Dr. Bloom 's enthusiasm is misplaced , as I think you know . Synthesizing a new formula will take months . And by that time , the virus will have mutated again . Aluminum phosphide ? It 's a grain fumigant . I brought it in with us to help preserve the cattle feed . Conveniently , it 's extremely toxic . And it only takes a few minutes to work . So you want to poison the infected . All you have to do is get us access to the food supply . Look , there might be other options . I 'm the first one that wants to rid the planet of these freaks , but with the dome calcifying , we need their help . The dome is calcifying ? Yeah , our little magic bubble here is turning to stone . I mean , it already feels hot as a damn sauna in here . Pretty soon , no fresh air will get through at all . We 're all going to asphyxiate . Unless we let the Life Forcers bring down the dome with that device thing they 're building . Which means we let the infected get out . More importantly , we get out . It 's not like the aliens are gonna run free . Government 's already set up a perimeter manned by your company . They 're gonna work on a cure , and , by then , I 'll be in " Timbuk-freakin-tu . " You 're welcome to join me , if you 'd like . How long before they finish this device ? Well , shouldn 't be more than a couple days . Conscripted Joe McAlister . Kid 's a pain in the ass , but he 's smart as they come . By the way , you might want to get rid of the special sauce . You don 't want a murder rap on your record when we get out . Trust me . ( liquid pouring ) You 're back . Where have you been ? Are you all right ? Big Jim kidnapped me so Aktaion could inject me with some BS cure . Something made from your DNA . They injected you with something ? It had no effect . If anything , the Life Force in me is stronger . I killed two Aktaion guards before I got back here . I 'm relieved to have you back . We need you for what 's coming . Barbie , as you suspected , regained his humanity . He kidnapped Eva , held her captive until she gave birth . Are they safe ? Eva served her purpose . Her time is done . What about the baby ? Being prepared to meet her flock . Sam and I started the cocooning process . You and Sam ? Shouldn 't you be babysitting Joe ? - MAN : Hey , Sam , need some help out here . - Go . I 'll catch up to you . ( sighs ) ( groans , shudders ) What 's happening to her ? She 's not getting enough oxygen . Looks like there 's a bunch of people who can 't breathe . Why ? The energy we used from the dome to cocoon the queen sped up its calcification . People are feeling the effects . I feel fine . Well , the elderly will be hit first . Their bodies aren 't as efficient . Pretty soon we 'll all feel it . Heart palpitations , motor problems , trouble breathing . How do we stop it ? We can 't . Unfortunately , it 's only going to get worse . We need to leave the dome sooner than planned , and we have a lot of work to do before then . Tell me what to do . You and Sam help the ill into the beds . I 'll meet you back here in an hour . ( groaning with effort ) Thank God . I was dying here . The heat is rising as the dome hardens . I 'd say we have 24 hours left before it seals up completely . You can 't be serious . How close are you to finishing ? Well ... these amethysts will work , but now I need to find a replacement for the egg . Something powerful enough to amplify the tone so the dome can receive them . And what ideas do you have for replacing the egg ? I don 't know . ( sighs ) This is crazy . I 'm a kid . You are one of the smartest , most inventive people I know . You wouldn 't be here if I didn 't believe you could save us . I-I can 't be responsible for whether 2,000 people live or die . Anyone would be overwhelmed thinking that . Think of it as saving your girlfriend . Who you vowed to kill . We 're way past that now . Our priority , like yours , is to get out of here alive . Can we focus on that ? Only if you promise me that Norrie will be safe when the dome comes down . You have my word I won 't harm Norrie . Close your eyes . Like you did in the alternate reality . The ideas will come . They always have . ( sighs ) ( wry laugh ) I 'm so sorry . I can 't imagine how hard this must be , seeing someone you love like this . I didn 't love her . I never even knew her . Not the real her . What do you think happened ? That nursing session was like nothing I 've ever seen . The baby didn 't do this . Got it . Barbie ... look at her eyes . BARBIE : That 's hemorrhaging . She was suffocated . Who would do this ? It doesn 't make any sense . Why kill Eva ? A newborn needs its mother . So Christine said that everybody serves a purpose . Eva 's was to carry the new queen . What if once she gave birth , they didn 't need her anymore ? I 'm not gonna let Christine use my daughter the same way she used me . I 'm gonna find her and I 'm gonna kill her . ( shutter clicks ) NORRIE : It 's like watching pre-schoolers cross the street . Are they always this synchronized ? Even when they 're jumping off roofs . Let 's check in on town hall . We 've checked in on town hall , like , three times in the past 20 minutes . There 's nothing happening there . Let 's figure out where these zombies are going . Maybe they 'll lead us to Christine . What 's that ? Something 's on the dome . What the hell is all over it ? I don 't know , but I 'm gonna find out . ( gasps ) Here you are . Slow and easy . Can you tell me where you are ? You 're the queen ? That 's right . You 're doing just fine . They 're pretty sick . - They 're dying . - We all are . Even healthy hearts are already in panic mode , pumping harder to supply oxygen to our brains . The kinship won 't survive until the dome comes down , not like this . What if we eliminate competition for air ? Reducing the drain on our oxygen supply ensures that the young and healthy survive to propagate outside the dome . I have one final task to ask of you before my cycle ends . It might even inform whom the new queen chooses as her alpha . Anything , Christine . Whatever the kinship needs . Take the elderly to the lake . Do what needs to be done . What are you doing here ? Someone could see you . You knew I 'd come back for you . That 's why you hung this on the window , right ? What 's the matter ? Something 's wrong with the dome , Joe . I know . It 's calcifying . Christine said we only have a day before the air supply is cut off . Are we gonna die ? I will get the dome down before then . I promise . How ? The transmitter from the radio station , I can use it to amplify the tones for the device . ( sighs ) It was the last missing piece , but if it works , then ... Then we 'll be sleeping outside the dome - tomorrow night . - I 'll get a sleeping bag . ( sighs ) I know this little spot , in Westlake Park , no one knows about but me . Christine 's never gonna let you leave . As soon as you 're done helping her ... No . She promised . - We 'll both go free . - And you believe her ? As soon as you 're done building this , meet me at the old paper mill . I 'll wait for you there . No , you 're not waiting anywhere . I 'm not leaving this dome without you . Promise me . I love you . That counts . CHRISTINE : I will be gone by tomorrow . A new world is dawning that many in the kinship won 't live to see . You will face challenges when the dome is down , but you 'll have my recordings to guide you . And you 'll have your instincts ; trust them . They 'll help you find your alpha and tell you how to fight against the others when they arrive . Our entire race rests on your shoulders . You are our last hope . Good luck , my queen . Any sign of Hektor and me killing everybody ? Not yet . Well , we can stand down . I convinced the old man that mass extermination will screw up his own chance of survival . He 's not an idiot , but I 'll keep an eye on him , just in case . You wipe my file ? I keep my word . Proof , buttercup . Later . - ( panting ) - Where you been ? I talked to Joe . He said the dome 's gonna be sealed up by tomorrow . We have to be ready . ( coughs ) For what ? Everyone 's running out of oxygen . We 're all gonna feel it . The more we move around and panic , the more oxygen we use up . We just have to sit tight until Joe finishes that device . Is he close ? The final piece he needs is at the radio station . He 's on his way there now . Guys , something 's going down at the cement factory . NORRIE : Hey , who is that ? Looks like Christine . Barbie ? Julia ? JULIA : We 're on our way back . We found something on the drone feed . It looks like Christine 's left the cement factory with a ton of guards . Okay , we got to get over there . But we have the umbilical cord . I 'll pick up the cord and take it to Bloom . Old Ridge Road , ten minutes . ( panting ) Move it . You 're holding up the line . Give him a sec . - We don 't have a second . - He 's sick . I just want to help the kinship . I know you do , Arnold . Come here . Let me help you . ( coughs , sniffs ) Get this right to Dr. Bloom . We can 't have much time before the dome runs out of air . 24 hours . Norrie 's been sneaking out to see Joe . Kid doesn 't finish his device by tomorrow , it 's game over . BARBIE : Well , however this thing ends , I 'm gonna make sure Christine ain 't here to see it . What she did to my kid ... and yours ... when you kill her , you make sure it ain 't quick . There 's no curing these mutants . Come on , boy , we got work to do . It 's time for the final transfer , for my work to end , and yours to begin . I give you my Life Force . ( indistinct radio chatter ) ( whispering ) : I think someone 's there . ( whispering ) : All right , I got it . N-N-No , stop ! Where the hell 's my baby ? We are ... moments away ... from the queen 's final transfer . The queen ? Is my daughter in there ? Stop ! Go ! Go , I got her . ( sobs ) Are you ... crying ? ( cries ) ( crying ) : My God , what have I done ? You destroyed this town and everyone in it . ( sobs ) Where 's my kid ? Sh-She was in the cocoon . I put her there , I swear . What just came out of there , that thing , did it take her ? - BARBIE : Where did it go ? - CHRISTINE : I don 't kn ... Where ? ! JULIA : Barbie , stop . She 's different , look at her . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . She 's playing us . Tell me where she is , or I will pull this trigger right now . ( whimpering ) : The thing that came out of the cocoon I think that is your baby . BLOOM : The two of you were talking about poisoning people . It was a moment of weakness , never a real plan . Come on , Bloom , you know me . Could I do something like that ? You locked Patrick Walters in a pod and told his daughter he was dead . I have to tell Julia what you 're planning . No , no . H-Hold on . I can 't let you do that . ♪ What happened ? There 's blood dripping from the ceiling . What 's that ? - No , Lily . Lily ... - ( gasps ) ( gasps ) Dr. Bloom ? Oh , God , she was working on a cure , trying to save people , like my dad . Why would you do this to her ? ! I can 't let the infected get out in the world . Dr. Bloom disagreed . So you murdered her ? ! And now you 're gonna murder the whole town ? ! These people are sick . When we get out of here , the government will quarantine them . Lily , how can you be so naive ? The government will never admit that an alien Life Force infected U.S. citizens . Covering that up will be their only agenda . You saw what this infection did to your father . We can 't let others end up like that , Lily . You 're not gonna kill the town . You 're gonna kill Joe . If he doesn 't complete the device , then the dome never comes down . The world will be spared . Everyone will die . Us too . You can 't do this , Hektor . I have to . I unleashed this plague . I came back here to try to fix things and ... and I failed . All I can do now is contain the damage . Not this way . Joe is innocent . Everyone under this dome is innocent . Believe me , what I have to do , it ... it breaks my heart . BARBIE : That couldn 't have been my daughter . She 's less than a day old . What 'd you do to her ? I 'm not sure . Now , see , you 're lying . If you really were human , you 'd remember everything you did while you were infected . I do . I know there was a plan and I was following it , I just can 't remember what it was . Wait . Transferring my knowledge of the Life Force to the new queen was to be my final act ... I should be dead . Okay , so then why the hell are you still alive ? ! I don 't know ! We interrupted the process . So the transfer was incomplete . You should still retain some of the Life Force 's agenda , right ? I don 't know . I 'm trying , I-I am trying . CHRISTINE : Oh , God , the lake . We 've got to get there now ! - Why ? - I 've done something terrible . ♪ What are you doing ? Sacrificing the elderly wasn 't enough . The effects of oxygen deprivation are worsening . We have to protect the most fertile members of the Life Force . In a few years , these kids will be vitally important . We don 't have years . Christine 's cycle is finished . It 's up to us to make sure a strong kinship awaits our new queen . Help me , or get out of my way . LILY ( muffled ) : Hunter , Hunter ! Norrie , help ! In the lab ! NORRIE : What happened ? Hektor killed Dr. Bloom . He 's going after Joe . - He thinks he 's saving humanity . - What ? He wants to kill the people infected with the Life Force . Murdering Joe before he finishes the device - is the easiest way to do that . - No , we have to stop him . Where 's Big Jim ? Well , he never came back from picking up the cord . Oh , God . - Hey , what are you doing ? - It 's Joe . LILY ( over radio ) : Jim ? Jim , come in . I don 't know what 's gonna be waiting for us when the dome comes down , boy , but we are gonna be ready . Jim , come in . We have a situation . Hektor killed Dr. Bloom and he 's on the move . Where are you ? I 'm almost back . What the hell is going on ? Hektor 's gonna stop the dome from coming down . You have to get to the radio station before he kills Joe . Joe ? Oh , the device . Damn it . I didn 't think that S.O.B. was loony enough to sacrifice himself . Norrie 's heading there now . Hey , listen , you and Hunter stay put . I 'll take care of Hektor . All right , you stay here . I 'll be back . - Careful . - I think what I need is under here . This is it . ( blows ) The transmitter . And now , if it 's not broken , and the transistors aren 't fried , then ... JULIA : Oh , my God . Those are children . I didn 't tell them to do this . Barbie , wait . If you go , Junior and Sam will fight back and those kids could get hurt . Let me handle it . You caused this . Why should we trust you ? Because they 'll listen to me . You move one inch in the wrong direction and we 're coming after you . If this is all an act , we 're just letting her go out there and finish the job . I don 't see how we have any other options . We just have to wait and see , for the sake of those kids . SAM : Christine ... This isn 't what I instructed . JUNIOR : You trusted us to do what 's best . We made a judgment call to assure our survival . These children are our future . If you can 't see that , there 's a problem . Take them back to Town Hall , now . Perhaps what happened to you at the hands of the Resistance is affecting you more than you care to admit . I feel fine . I just wanted to help . And you can do that by helping Sam take the children back to Town Hall . Come on , sweetie . Let 's go home . You are not our queen . - Run ! - You 're human . I 'm so sorry I did this to you . ( grunts ) ( gasping ) ( grunting ) That little girl almost drowned right in front of me . But she didn 't . You saved her . Let 's go back to the paper mill . We 'll talk her through what she remembers . ( panting ) ... so I 'll raise the transmitter 's signal until the tones are strong enough for the dome to receive them , and whammo ! Dome unlocked . Town freed . It 's all Greek to me , kid . But I like the ending . ( gunshot ) ( grunts ) Take cover ! Norrie ! Why was Aktaion shooting at me ? It 's a long story . We gotta go , Joe . I wish there was another way . ( gunshot ) ( panting ) : You have to let me do this . I 'm saving the world . The world 's better off without you . I-I-I ju ... I just don 't understand . Christine enslaved most of the town and tried to kill us all . Now-now you 're saying that she 's a good guy . Just like that . How do we know the two of you aren 't Life Forcing it up ? I was never cocooned . I 'm human , remember ? I wouldn 't have brought Christine here if I thought she was dangerous . If I wasn 't certain she was one of us now . BARBIE : She 's here to help us find my daughter . Is Dr. Bloom still working on the umbilical cord ? When Hektor went after Joe , it wasn 't just me who tried to stop him . Dr. Bloom did , too . She 's dead . I 'm really sorry . We 're exhausted . Why don 't we take a break ? Then we 'll regroup and go over everything Christine remembers about the kinship . HUNTER : Yeah . I know there 's no way I can make up for what happened . I can 't believe the things I did . If you knew me , the real me ... However I can help , I 'll do it . I keep blaming Christine for everything that happened . But I let her control me . She pulled the strings ... and I marched . You were manipulated by whatever was in those cocoons . Both of you . Other people fought back . I almost killed you . Yeah , I could say that I was infected ... you know ? That-that wasn 't me doing those things . But I was in there , somewhere . And now my child is paying the price for my weakness . You 're back . You 're you . The man I fell in love with . And we are gonna figure this out together . There 's still hope . If Christine can be saved , anyone can . Christine started out human . But my baby ... You were right . Whatever she is she was never human . She 's a monster . There 's no " coming back " for her . ( sighs ) ( sighs heavily ) Eva ? It 's you . You have your father 's eyes . Why are you doing this ? You have something I need . ( grunts ) I 'm the queen now .
