 Hey , this is Joss Whedon , um , doing an unprecedented concept of a director 's commentary . Um ... I have a lot to say . I have no idea what it 's going to be , or what order it 's going to come in . But if you like the sound of me babbling , you 're in for a treat . Why on earth would I make another Avengers movie ? They 're really hard . It was ... It was ill-advised . I see that now . ( DISTANT EXPLOSION ) But I think the most important thing about the movie is that it 's mine . That it 's all me , and that really because I 'm the director and the writer , I really created it all myself . I think that 's important to bear in mind . Especially because , while I 've been talking , you 've already seen the work of two other directors , not to mention the insanely large village , possibly a metropolitan area , full of people who are working in every frame to fulfil whatever vision it was I thought I had . One thing about this movie that you 're gonna hear a lot is how extraordinary the crew , the post , the pre , uh , the production people , how they not just carried or fulfilled , but inspired this movie , which begins with this rather iconic image . Um ... A very deliberate decision on my part was to start off with the hardest thing in the movie from the first one , what we refer to as the " tie-in shot . " Rather than getting the Avengers back together , I wanted to say right up front , " No , they 're in it . " And here 's the very climax of the first film . " Here 's the very thing you always showed up for , " all of these guys in one enormous shot " with a big slow-mo , kind of , uh , comic book panel moment . " And my original concept had been that the very first frame would be the slow-motion part . Kevin Feige very rightly argued that without some context , people just wouldn 't know what they were seeing , um , and wouldn 't appreciate it as much as they would at the end of the shot . Which , um , turned out to be very true . When I talk about the other directors ... There was a short shot of people running up the stairs that my producer , Jeremy Latcham , went ahead and got with our " C " cameraman , Sam , while we were in Dover Castle , which is right here and played as the interior of the fortress . Um ... We were mostly stuck in big , beautiful rooms filled with equipment , and there are so many lovely little spaces . He said , " Shouldn 't we go and get soldiers running about , " and show some of the stairwells and the halls , " and all the things that make this space more than just big rooms ? " And we ended up using a lot of that footage . It was just grand . And , of course , the other director I 'm referring to is John Mahaffie , who is an actual director , um , the second-unit director , who shot so much great footage for this movie . I shot about 100 days , he shot over 50 . And some of them are elaborate . That 's another , what I was referring to before . Some of the more elaborate stuff inevitably gets shot by second unit because the characters in it are CG , and requires camera setups that take hours and hours . And so on the one hand , ( IN BRITISH ACCENT ) I , being the most important director , ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) the director of the first unit , I 'm busy getting really the heart of the piece , and he 's getting these secondary shots . Except that the " secondary shots " he was getting , I just used air quotes , you can 't tell , but I did , were very much some of the most beautiful footage that was shot in the film . And I started to feel like Reaction-Shot Joe . I would just see these glorious things he 'd stitch together , and then I 'd ... There 'd be a close-up of somebody reacting to it . I was like , " That 's me ! I did that . I 'm also a part of the team . " Um ... Because the team is how this gets done . You 're gonna find that 's also part of what we have to say in the movie . But in the making of the movie , it 's very much the same thing . Both of these guys , Thomas Kretschmann and Henry Goodman , extraordinary thespians , who would come in to do smaller roles . I actually said , " if we made a movie with only the day players ... " They worked more than that , but just literally people who were there for just a day . " ... we 'd have the most star-studded cast you could work with . " It 's wonderful . It 's probably a terrible thing about the industry that you can get amazing actors to play these smaller roles in franchise films , but it works for me . So I asked the question , " Why would I do this , again ? " And the main answer was because I wanted to make a new movie . A different Avengers movie . And while providing the things that people expect from the Avengers movie , I.e. the tie-in shot that you saw before , I also wanted to not just tell a different story , but tell it differently . And a lot of that can be seen in the editing and framing and general style , the lenses . In the first film , I was very slavish to 3D . I was playing it as though anything not in the vernacular of 3D was going to be confusing for the audience . And in the couple of years in-between , it became clear that , that isn 't really the case . And , besides , 3D really spoke to the way I was used to shooting . I like wide lenses . I like understanding the space around me very clearly . I didn 't like a lot of heavy cutting . I liked shots that would deliberately go from one place to another , very old-fashioned . For the second film , I wanted to do something unlike anything I had really done . It 's a little bit like the film I shot right before , Much Ado About Nothing , which was kind of ... We had a bunch of great actors standing around , speaking Shakespeare , and , as often as possible , three cameras , occasionally four , at least two , getting them . And quick side note , the mercenary who speaks right here ... SOLDIER : No , it wasn 't . WHEDON : That was a bit I added very late in editing . And that 's actually Jeffrey Ford , one of the editors , who just , uh , did it on a mic in the room , and we liked it so well , we kept it . You 're also gonna hear his name and Lisa Lassek 's name , those editors who ... I don 't wanna say saved my life , but I just did . They are so much a part of everything that works in this movie . I 'm incredibly grateful . Lot of moving parts , partially because of the way , um , I , uh ... As I said , I wanted to shoot this differently . Where the first one was very deliberate , this one was deliberately casual . Yay . WHEDON : That little " Yay , " by the Way , for which both Robert and I have been given credit , was actually Jeremy Latcham , again , saying , " He needs to make a noise there , " um , in post-production . And I was like , " Oh , no , he doesn 't . " We could do it , but no one 's gonna hear it . " So , he gets all the credit for that . And we have to talk about ILM , too , and the extraordinary work they did with the Hulk and with Ultron . I mean , what they did in the first movie was amazing , but this is a completely different level . This is a real performance . And even with all the reference that Mark gave them , it 's something that has to be crafted pixel by pixel , and then made human . And I can never stop looking at these guys . Because , again , with all of these cameras and this very different way of shooting , we ended up with something like that , an over , where you see just a blurry shoulder . That blurry shoulder is about as expensive as a face . It 's something we could never do in the first movie . But we talked about it specifically as wanting to have the Hulk play a character in the film , not an effect , and to use the same casual vernacular when we were shooting him as we would with any of the other , um , players . And their thing , the idea that Natasha has this power over the Hulk , and obviously this , uh , budding romance with Banner , really came from that scene . That 's where it all started . The idea of the lullaby as how they deal with him spiralled up into the idea that Bruce Banner and Natasha Romanoff are actually very similar . And so the scene always made perfect sense to me , and we had Scarlett 's side of it , but we really didn 't have the scene until just a few weeks before we delivered the film . And even I was kind of stunned by the physicality , the sensuality , and the emotion of that encounter . And it 's one of those things where you all say , " This will work , " but then you get to feel it , and it 's like nobody ever told you about it . It 's an extraordinary thing to work on something for two years and not understand it until you see it . Or not understand the power it will have . ( GROWLING ) It 's fun to kill the Avengers . I recommend it . I particularly like the little twitch from the Hulk . I wanted very much the sort of dying bison , kind of little spasmodic thing with the spears sticking out of him . And they gave me that . They gave me this broken shield . Look carefully at the way the shield is broken , because that 's actually something that I put in for just a few people . You 'll see that shape again at the end of the movie when Wanda tears ... With her magic , she tears Ultron 's vibranium chest apart . And we very deliberately had her do that , had it come apart in the exact same shape as his vision of disaster . Because we wanted to say , " She 's great , and it 's great that she 's so powerful , " but what if it wasn 't great ? " In a way that one-and-a-half people would recognise . I think I said , " Five people in the audience will cheer at this . " And Kevin Feige said , " Yes , but I will be one of them . " it was a big decision whether to go off on her smile or this grab . Ultimately , the grab very specifically said , " We have a problem , and the problem is Tony . " And , um , one of the things that also sort of hit me late in the game is that you can really look at this film and just straight-up say , " Tony Stark is the villain . " It 's not just the beard . He 's a good man who is corrupted by his own anxiety , by this vision of a disaster , and makes what is obviously a really bad decision . And I spent so much time in the writing process and during filming trying to protect Tony Stark . Trying to make sure that he was still a heroic figure . And at one point I watched the movie , and I went , " You can just go ahead and lean into this , " that he 's now evolved into a villain . " Obviously , he 's not just that . He 's redeemed , and he is a hero in so many ways . But it was very freeing to be able ... And I think it 's not something you get to do a lot in something like this , narratively . To just go ahead and say , " Your guy just might not be okay . " And again , that 's something that , thematically , the entire movie is about . It 's been commented on , and it 's not by accident that the word " monster " is used by most of the team about either themselves or each other . STARK : Feels good , yeah ? WHEDON : I have a " Jarvis is my co-pilot " sticker on my laptop - Because how could you not ? That 's one of those things that I thought of and asked for while we were shooting . " Can we just throw that in ? " And the prop guys just disappeared and came back with the perfect one . And , of course , it comes right after he says , " Jarvis , take the wheel , " so clearly we 're already leaning into the Jesus thing . And that 's , um , again , not by accident . We 're not saying anything specific about religion , but we are playing on Christian iconography a great deal , partially because both Tony Stark and Ultron have god complexes , and partially because the Vision himself does represent an ideal . And when he picks up the hammer , it 's ... I don 't want to say a miracle , ( CHUCKLES SOFTLY but it 's playing on that idea of ... When we think of that kind of religious figure , we are thinking of the best idea of ourselves . Of what we wish we could be . And this play is so much about the best and worst . This little bit 's a bit of embellishment that Robert and I came up with on the day . The two Enhanced ? WHEDON : It 's always nice to be able to have people who know their character so well that they can give you what you 've asked for , but then make it feel lived in . I love this shot . It is very much of the idiom of the first movie , in the sense of , " Look at this big , expensive space . Isn 't it grand ? " And I love the two of them . I did at one point realise that I had sort of turned Maria Hill into a girl Friday in this movie , because there were too many heroes for her to do that much . But it makes it all the better , I think , when she shows up in her old gear , firing a gun like she should ought to . This shot was very difficult . Again , one of the last shots we got . Kevin is very leery of shots that feel artificial , and when you are flying with someone and you do a camera move around them , you 're in great danger of feeling artificial . And so we worked hard in the colouring and the way New York was and in the textures , to try and mitigate that and keep it real . And then we went right through that glass , which is a beautifully crafted effect . This shot is something slightly similar to what I did in my first film , Serenity , in that every member of the team is in it . Not all of them speak , but they are all visible at some point . And we get , basically , a tour of the place . Obviously , because they come in through the it has only been referred to as the " A-hole shot , " but what it is for me is a very important way to explain the space of Avengers Tower to the audience . There is a bit of showing off . There is a bit of , " Look at all our grandeur . " But what I 'm really doing is explaining exactly where everything is in relation to everything else , because later on we will need to know . Robots are down here , and party 's over here , and Pietro is gonna be standing on that glass later . Charlie Wood designed the set , and it 's the biggest and one of the most beautiful things I 've ever set foot on . It is glorious . Sometimes it 's almost overwhelming . And besides wanting to show the scope of it , to play into the epic nature of the thing , it allowed me to come up with gags like Pietro getting ... Like Hawkeye shooting out the glass from under him . And it allowed me to create action , and also to just ( CHUCKLING ) have an enormous amount of fun . Sometimes the least fun . This particular space is so big and that sort of holo area so empty that it was sometimes difficult to shoot in , to figure out what to do with people . But every frame is such candy because the work these guys put into it , building it and dressing it , and the depth in frame that you can get in these instances is never not exciting . I literally finished shooting on this set , and on that day walked into a corner I had never been in downstairs , and was like , " Wait a minute , " there 's 100 cool ideas I have for this area . " There are two kinds of filming that are really delightful . One is this , kid in a candy store . The other is the opposite , when you have kind of an impossible space . I like that very much because you become more inventive in those instances . You have to think on your feet . You have to let the space dictate the frame to an extent , and that makes it more real , or just possibly more left of centre . But in this instance , I didn 't mind the candy store . And the " Science Brothers , " as they are affectionately known . Any time these guys get together , it 's fun . They 're very different in their energy as actors . By the way , give me curved glass and reflections that go on forever , and there is no way I 'm not shooting it . I want to apply this to the Ultron program . But Jarvis can 't download a data schematic this dense . WHEDON : Which , by the way , was another difference in this film than anything else I 'd shot . I would stop and say , " Wait a minute , we 're gonna get another setup . " We 're gonna do something " just because I think we can and should and it looks cool . " Generally , because of my background , I have shot exactly what I needed and nothing else . On this film , I shot everything I needed , and then some things I thought I might want . Which during shooting was very liberating and exciting , and because we moved so quickly , was not a problem for the schedule . During editing , interesting side note , ( CHUCKLES ) it turned out to be the worst idea in the world , and I 'm definitely going back to shooting only what I need because that amount of choice can sometimes , like a giant set , be too much . This is one of those cute little ideas . We 're on a memory-head track , so that we can do four different setups in the exact same configuration and tell the story quickly . It 's one of those cute ideas that takes half a day at least to give you 20 seconds of footage . So I tried to have fewer cute ideas after that . JARVIS : I 'll continue to run variations on the interface . But you should probably prepare for your guests . I 'll notify you if there are any developments . STARK : Thanks , buddy . JARVIS : Enjoy yourself , sir . STARK : I always do . WHEDON : Oh , and now we get to Mr Spader . ULTRON ' . What is this ? WHEDON : There 's no way I can say enough about pretty much anybody in this cast . But if you have to start somewhere , um , James Spader and Paul Bettany is not a bad place to start . They are so extraordinary together , so much the people they wanted to be . And with James we were creating somebody completely new , and with Paul we ended up doing the same thing with the Vision . Because I originally wrote the Vision as Jarvis , and then went back in and realised , " No , he 's much more enigmatic and interesting than that . " And what Paul gave me was beyond my best fantasy of the Vision I 'd read as a kid . Didn 't have a fantasy of the Ultron I 'd read as a kid because he was always just kind of mad . So my idea for who he would be was a sort of grand madness , a weirdness . Um ... And , uh ... ULTRON ' . Why do you call him " sir " ? WHEDON : That line , " Why do you call him ' sir ' ? " has so much menace . But is also , again , one of the central themes of the movie . So much of this movie is about power and class and privilege . I mean , we looked at this , we were like , " it 's literally Upstairs , Downstairs . " ( CHUCKLES ) There 's downstairs , the Legion who come in through the back door , upstairs , the heroes . And that scene , by the way , was added in post . I felt that we could very clearly explain the problem that Ultron was having and create a scene that really made you feel for Jarvis . Kevin and Jeremy , who really fought for Jarvis ' presence to be increased throughout the movie . I had always intended to make him the Vision . They kept insisting , " We want more . We want a visual . " We want everyone to mourn him . We want him to be treated like a guy . " And I didn 't really understand the need for that the way they did . And then putting it together , it was clear , " Oh , yeah , wait a minute , this guy , he was there at the beginning . " He was there in the first few minutes of the first Iron Man . " And people have a bond with him that is palpable and very human . There are many versions of this scene , some of them including the actresses . One of the great things about working with this many stars is you never know who you 're gonna get , what schedule is gonna work out , who 's suddenly gonna become available . But when it became apparent that neither was going to show up , I thought it was important to plant a flag on that and say , " Well , that 's something that registers with our guys . " And the best way to do that was to have them be dicks about it . I fly it right up to the general 's palace , I drop it at his feet . WHEDON " . This was , again , something that I thought of on the day after we shot , or while we were shooting the first half . And it 's one of those things without which the first half doesn 't even work . The payoff of him being all prideful about his successful story is one of the funniest things in the party . LEE : Neither was Omaha Beach , blondie . Stop trying to scare us . WHEDON : I liked the idea , the texture of the idea that Thor has something that could actually get Captain America drunk , because , as he explained in the first movie ... I don 't know who that actor was , by the way . He 's really good , he 's very familiar , uh , the veteran . But we were lucky to get him . I just ... The name isn 't coming to me . Um ... No , it was so much fun to be able to do that . And he used " Excelsior " here as " I 'm so wasted , " ( CHUCKLES ) um , since I grew up with that phrase . Fact is , he 's not like anybody I 've ever known . WHEDON : One of the other great things about a movie like this and the opportunities they gave me with the actors , the locations , the scenarios , and the moods , and everything else , was that you feel like you 're making 13 different movies . And I 'm very much ... Apart from actually having ADHD , which I do , I 'm very much a fan of things that change it up . And this was one of the instances , because they are both so beautiful and charming , where we all sort of went , " When can we just make this movie ? " I actually said to them , to Mark and Scarlett , " You guys should do The Thin Man . " And they both asked me what The ' Wm Man was , which makes me feel that , uh , the Earth is doomed . But their energy there is so great , and to be able to lean into it visually and just go ahead and say , " Let 's pretend we 're in the ' 40s , " is a delight . And leads to , um , the after party that 's coming up , which is a more well-known bit . And it 's interesting because this stuff , particularly with them , is very sort of studied . Again , because I was going into a slightly older visual template , the camerawork is somewhat less frenetic . Then we got into shooting this next scene , and it was also very elegant , and the camera moves , it went from here to there , and it was bombing . And nobody was enjoying it , the actors didn 't feel funny , their lines didn 't sound funny , ( CHUCKLES ) it just didn 't work . And to the point where they 're all standing there , and I 've got all of them for one of the few times ... More times in this movie than the first one , ( CHUCKLING ) but I 've got every major actor I 've ever admired standing in front of me , and I 'm just drawing a blank . And I finally turned to Jamie Christopher , our awesome AD , and said , " Can you help me ? Can you make it stop ? " And he just turned around and said , " Thank you , everybody , that 's a good day . See you all at 8 : 00 . " And then I just kept working , and eventually figured out , " Oh , I 'm shooting this in a very ... Like it 's The Age of Innocence , " and it 's a party . " And the whole point of this movie is you 're at the party . You 're invited . And I realised I had literally , with Much Ado , just shot an entire movie where people sit around and drink and talk . And the fact that I couldn 't figure out how to shoot the after party scene , in a movie whose code name when we were shooting it was " After Party , " very deliberately , was the source of some embarrassment . But we came back in , the cameras got looser , the lines got looser , the cast got happier , and it just started to flow . And they 're all so good . And that montage was one of the first things I pitched . You bet your ass . WHEDON : it wasn 't until , um , much later that I casually , thinking it would not be well-received , pitched the payoff that will come later with the Vision . I said , " You know , you could do this . " And it was Kevin who instantly knew how important it would be , and it is in fact the biggest cheer moment in the film . ULTRONI No . WHEDON : I like robot stories 'cause they 're Frankenstein stories . And as you can see , I leaned pretty heavily into that . This guy , I always think of as resembling the very first movie of Frankenstein , which I 've only ever seen a still from . But it 's this weird , screaming , almost mummy-like guy with tons of things , of tattered cloth sort of dripping off his arms . And as much as puppet , and as much as scary robot , I wanted to evoke that , the very first Frankenstein film . Frankenstein , robots , it all has to do with the central human question of , " Why am I here ? What is this , please ? " ( CHUCKLES ) Because we all have to ask that , and we all have to feel the pain of being brought into a world ( CHUCKLES ) that was not made to accommodate us . And the Frankenstein story , and most robot movies where the robot is anything other than a killing machine , deal with that pain . And very baldly . It 's one of the things , like superheroes ... By the way , that was Mark on the day , that was not me . ( CHUCKLING ) That was Mark 's call . He 's a shameless physical comedian . If you look at the DVD extras , you 'll see even more of that stuff . God bless him . But that idea of " Why am I here ? " The way it gets simplified in the robot story is really fascinating to me . Because we come back to it because we can really ask what it is to be human , when we take away every part of being human but one . Or we take away just one particular aspect . And in this humanity , our foibles and what we are as people , as parents , as powerful , as alliterative , we ... All of those questions have to be asked in stories like this . Come on ! That 's the one . ... is unsafe . WHEDON : The Avengers have so much power at the beginning of this , and one of the things that I knew , and I had this problem in the first one , is nobody roots for the overdog . And so it was very important to me that they be brought down a peg , but not just by circumstance , but because they have ... In Tony 's case , dramatically , but in every case to an extent , lost some aspect of the mission . Lost some aspect of their humanity , because that 's the thing about being a superhero , it 's the thing about having power . When your decisions affect more than the people around you , inevitably , you are going to destroy something . You 're going to harm someone in a way that removes you from humanity . The more power you have , inevitably , the less a part of the human community you are . And so Ultron himself says that , although he doesn 't always realise how much it applies to him . And once again , the Frankenstein . And also the Pinocchio , which was , by the way , an idea I had for the Comic-Con teaser that played so nicely , it got used a whole bunch . And then I ended up saying , " Let 's just go ahead and stick it in the film because it is creepy . " She 's picking glass out of her feet there , by the way . In the longer version of the fight we had just seen , Maria slid down and jumped in after Rhodey in her bare feet . And the jacket she 's wearing , by the way , is Steve Rogers ' bomber jacket , which I have yet to hear anybody comment on . But I thought it was an interesting little detail . I wanted to , obviously , make them more casual . And we had to sort of " de-mom " her makeup a little bit when she arrived on set , and kind of make sure she felt as cool as everyone else . I have more than enough words to describe you , Stark . Thor . The Legionnaire . WHEDON : This was the scene , as I mentioned , where I , um , really struggled . I struggled because with no central sort of object to build around , 'cause it 's an empty space where we were gonna put a Jarvis later , and with no intense sort of source of light , I really wasn 't sure where to put people and how to get them where they needed to go emotionally . Especially because Robert has a really difficult job in this scene of cracking up in the middle of the worst thing he 's ever done . And to me , it was really important , and Robert , too . The moment I pitched it to him , he latched on to it . He 's like , " I do that whenever I 'm busted . I can 't help it . " It 's so bad . I get nervous , I giggle . " But I also think there 's something ... I feel like Tony 's ... There 's a tittie bit of the Asperger 's , being on the spectrum with him , where he 's just , um ... He 's not quite ... He 's just not good at people . ( CHUCKLES ) And for me , again , that was something to lean into . And ultimately , my whole " Tony is the villain " thesis nicely plays into it as well . And again , " villain " doesn 't necessarily mean " mwah-ha evil , " because here you see his pain and the sort of epic nature of his heroism . Which is contrasted , as usual , with the very simple nature of Steve 's . And Tony is a guy who likes to do the math . And Steve is a guy who understands the situation he 's in , and is looking out for the people around him . In the DVD extras , you 'll also be able to see a scene between the two of them that comes before this . Ultimately , it was an attempt to show them in the community , and how they were a bit rebellious , but also very much community-minded . It became apparent that the two of them walking into a dark room , looking for something , and then talking to someone who had clearly called them there , gave us the information that we needed , and also kept them a little more mysterious . The scene was so mundane , and they were so ... Just such normal bickering siblings , that it didn 't ... Didn 't really add to their grandeur . This is the first time we see Ultron . And I look back , and I 'm ... The fact of him sitting in that chair is very , sort of , based on the great , sort of , John Buscema kind of ... " The tortured king and the weight of the throne " kind of thing . But then he stands up , and that 's how he 's revealed . And I thought , " That 's less cinematic than it could have been , " after the fact . ULTRONI Children ... WHEDON : This little bit that he says here is also really important in the theme . Simply because one of the first things I ever wrote when sort of just freestyling about Ultron in my head , was that children all kill their parents , because once you have them , you no longer care as much about yourself . You accept your place in the cycle of the world , and you know that you 'll die , but there 's something more important to you than that . And then , ( CHUCKLING ) in parenthesis , I wrote , 'cause I was sending this out as a memo , " Don 't worry , nothing like that will ever appear in the film . " And then it actually did . But I do think that a connection that even I didn 't make is because so much of this is about power ... Yet also , so much of it is about family , and the responsibility we have not just as leaders or as heroes , but as parents . There is no time when anybody in the world understands what the truly powerful can do and go through , unless they 're parents . Until the moment they 're parents . And then , suddenly , they have complete mastery over somebody 's mind . Not forever . ( CHUCKLES ) In the case of my kids , not even for that long . But there is the ability to uplift or destroy . It is a perfect connection between what is going on in this movie , politically and thematically , and what is going on personally . This shot here is one of my favourite shots in the film , just the way Ultron listens . Again , ILM , they had James Spadefs performance to work off of . They had face-capture on him , so he wore cameras on his face the whole time . But they really took it and used it , and managed to make a man who 's made out of metal not just sound , but move like Spader and give the performance . When James took the gig , he said , " I don 't wanna do voiceover work . " I wanna be able to give a performance . " And , my God , he did . And they did such an extraordinary job of capturing it , so much so that when he is standing there doing nothing , I cannot stop looking at him . I developed a huge ... Not even a man-crush , like a teenage girl-crush on Ultron . Like , I want a picture of him over my bed , and I wanna write about him in my diary , and I wonder if he 's thinking about me . He 's just gorgeous . 'Course , there 's a lot of gorgeous to go around . This bit , there was a lot more of . We played the mystery of " What 's up with Barton ? " a lot . Is he still possessed ? Is he villainous ? Is he something terrible ? Ultimately , we just kept the fact that he says , " I don 't have a girlfriend , " and then later says , " Girlfriend . " My issue with it was simply ... I mean , people felt , " Can we get some time out of here ? " My issue was , I 've just felt that people would only think that he was talking to Fury . Since he had been a S.H.l.E.L.D. agent , and we 've never seen Fury , and we know that S.H.I.E.L.D. is gone , that they wouldn 't think that he was up to something dire . They would just think , " Oh , he 's listening to his old boss . " And the dancing I would have to have gone through to make that clear that he wasn 't , just didn 't seem worth the effort . So we kept just a little bit of it . I miss it . I miss the idea of , " What 's his dark secret ? " What 's his dark secret ? " 'Cause I think it 's important . His dark secret is obviously the crux of the film . And , I mean , the fulcrum , the thing upon which the entire film revolves , um , changes . But I still think it works even without all the buildup . I don 't follow . What comes out of Wakanda ? STARK : The strongest metal on Earth . Where is this guy now ? WHEDON : This is another one of those shots that I don 't get to take the credit for . We had so many extraordinary cameramen , and our pilot was amazing . And Matthew went out to Bangladesh , where these shipyards exist . We had originally been going to Wakanda , but since we weren 't using anybody from Black Panther , it became ... We kept going less and less to Wakanda , till I referred to it as " We-kinda . " We 're just sort of on the outskirts . And it became a tease , and not worth it . But we wanted the vibranium dealer , and the arms dealer , and all that . So Klaue was the suggestion . It was actually going through ... When we thought of it , Jeremy went through and looked at images of Klaue online , and some fan had put up Andy Serkis . " What if Andy Serkis played Klaue ? " And obviously , we were already working with Andy . He and his lmaginarium were guiding both Mark and James in their movement , since he is the master of mo-cap . But we realised that we wanted him for something else . And when he showed up looking exactly like that on the day , I thought it was mo-cap . I could not believe how different he had become . And he 's just the sweetest guy , but also an extraordinary player . He 's not onscreen for that long , but you do not forget him . KLAUE : ... intimidating someone ? I 'm afraid I 'm not that afraid . Everybody is afraid of something . Cuttlefish . WHEDON : Some of these things in the film are very autobiographical . I saw a documentary on cuttlefish , and I still cannot deal with it . I don 't think it 's okay that the Lord made cuttlefish , and I wish that he hadn 't . They freak me out . You should check them out . They 're unbelievable . ... and make me see a giant cuttlefish ... WHEDON : At some point , I will also have to talk about the twins . And I only deal ... WHEDON : And basically , it 'll just be another praise-fest . A lot of people didn 't want , uh , necessarily , to have the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver in the film . They felt with Uitron and the Vision , it was going to be overstuffed . But it was very important for me to have someone for Ultron to talk to , and also someone else whose powers would be different . By the way , this lab here was all created digitally after the fact . Originally , it was just in the barrels . One of the things I discovered in post was that I had shot the least science-fiction-y-looking science-fiction movie ever , which was fine . It was what I had intended . But when the vibranium just looked like gold bars ... There was even a bit where they were in a mining car , all stacked up , being carted from one place to another , and we were all like , " Um , this is a little Indiana Jones . " This is a little old-timey . " You know ? We expected Walter Brennan to show up . So we replaced it after the fact , and made it a little more in the idiom of the science-fiction movie this was supposed to be . This contains my favourite Spader moment . His addition of the word " oh . " I 'm ... Oh ! I 'm sure that 's gonna be okay . I 'm sorry . It 's just that I don 't understand . WHEDON : I can 't say enough about that moment . I was sitting next to Paula , the script supervisor , Paula Casarin , who 's the best in the biz , and I looked at her , I was like , " Did he just say ' oh ' ? " Do you think he 'll do that again ? " Do you think he 'll do it again ? " Because James learns everything word-for-word . That 's his M.O. , like it 's a play . And I was like , " You gotta do the ' oh . ' You gotta do the ' oh . " . And then he did it when we rolled . And I went up to him , and the first thing he said was , ( MIMICKING SPADER ) " I added an ' oh . ' I hope that 's okay . " I can do it again without , if you like . " ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) I 'm like , " No , I love you . " I don 't think I said that , but you could see it in my eyes . The idea that Uitron is emotionally so capricious is just something I hadn 't really seen in an Al movie , particularly one where the robots are going to decide that all humanity must be killed . For him to be the most human , the most temperamental , was very important . And it 's why Spader 's the only guy . Because he can do that sort of classic Keith David , ( IN DEEP BARITONE ) " You want me to do voiceover " because I make the subwoofer explode " with the gravitas of my basso prof undo . " ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) But then he can become completely goofy . We shot it two ways with Andy , whether or not the arm came off . Kevin will tell you straight up , he likes a good arm-coming-off . It 's like , " if I can cut off somebody 's hand , then I 'm just fine . " His Empire Strikes Back obsession might be even bigger than mine . That was just one of those sort of signature moments , and one of the reasons why I wanted Quicksilver in the film , to be able to just see things differently than we ever had before . I didn 't feel like ... With the exception of the one we do , where we go into hyper slo-mo at the beginning , I don 't feel comfortable making a sort of hyperbolic , surreal meal out of those moments , unless I have a reason . I 'm kind of very pedantic when it comes to filmmaking . And so to have Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver justifying the strange way I wanted to shoot these guys and the new ways I wanted to look at them was enormously useful . Obviously , they 're very important as characters , and I can 't say enough about the players . But that was one of the main reasons I brought them in . Now , I just explained all this stuff about how I don 't like things to be all weird for no reason whatsoever , and I 'm about to make myself a big 0l ' liar . ULTRON : This is going very well . ( RAPID BEEPING ) ( SOLDIER GRUNTS ) WHEDON : The dreams . The dreams were the other reason why I wanted the kids in the movie , because it was going to be a chance to do something that was very out of the Marvel idiom , and something very surreal . Surreal , but emotionally grounded . That is to say that there 's a reason for everything we do , but we played ... We referred to these as dreams . And right here , for example , they 're actually all walking backwards . People moved backwards , or ran things backwards a few times . Not so that you would notice , just so that they would have just enough awkwardness . MADAME B : Only the breakable ones . You 're made of marble . We 'll celebrate after the graduation ceremony . WHEDON : Lisa Lassek cut these , and we 've worked together for a long , long time . She was able to create , and Jeff added some notes as well , but just moments that were even more surreal than what I 'd shot . But everything is very deliberate in its bizarreness . Cap is the guy who can 't stop seeing war , even at a party for the end of the war . Who , when asked to imagine a life of normalcy , comes up with nothing . Which , by the way , was Drew Goddard 's idea . I was asking him about Cap and fretting over the dreams , and ... We call them dreams , by the way , simply because we can 't call them visions , because it was too confusing with having a character called the Vision . But this moment where he turns around , yeah , Drew pitched it , and it ended up being the central moment . I don 't know when I 'm gonna get to the part where I start talking about Ben Davis , the DP , because I 'm not sure I can ever stop . The work in this movie is the most beautiful that 's ever had my name on it . By the way , those three guys in animal masks standing in the arches there , they represent something I have never done before , which is an absolute balls-out Easter egg , which I will discuss later on . And not just a Marvel Easter egg , an actual ... Having to do with my work . The ceremony is necessary ... WHEDON : Yeah , this whole cutting pattern here was created by Lisa . These dreams were obviously much longer , but we got what we needed from them , which was to know what sort of drove everyone , and to reopen old wounds and to make them as vulnerable as possible , obviously . She remembers that she was trained and even abused into being an assassin , and that she has a history of killing and a very dark career . Cap is incapable of being a part of the community he 's constantly talking about . And Thor feels that his powers will destroy everything , that he is not on the right path , that he 's out of control . I 'm not exactly sure what Banner 's dreaming right now . We looked at some point-of-view shots , but nothing we created really sort of did as much as just showing how bonkers the Hulk was being , because , ultimately , it doesn 't matter . What I said to the animators and to Mark was , " He feels like the world is attacking him . " it 's like he 's in the middle of a wasp 's nest all the time . One of the most difficult things about animating the Hulk is trying to figure out what he 's pissed about now . 'Cause when he 's there for a long time , he has to keep this very specific energy . That shot in particular , the doggy cam or dinner tray , where you sort of attach the camera to someone , I first saw it in Mean Streets , when Harvey Keitel 's super drunk . And fought very hard to keep that , and they had to create it stitched from bits of what we had from the day . But it really does give you a good sense that the Hulk 's not in his right mind , even for the Hulk . And the question of what 's making him angry became , um , easier and harder to answer , because , um , the answer is everything . ( CHUCKLES ) So we knew we had all the energy we needed , but you still have to figure out where he 's looking , what he thinks the problem is . Here , for example , he 's flailing , but then when he turns around , you can see he actually does get shot in the face . This shot , which is among my favourites , is also among the most difficult , because the Hulkbuster armour is ... It 's known from the comics , it 's actually from after my time , because I 'm super old . But even I knew you absolutely have to have Hulkbuster because nobody is capable of fighting the Hulk except Tony , and the idea that Banner himself had , had a hand in devising this made perfect emotional sense , and also made for what would be an exciting sequence . The reason that , that shot that I mentioned was difficult and not just delightful is that Iron Man is inside the torso of this thing , and that 's a very difficult thing to convey , to convey the size . I look back and wonder if I should 've had him appear behind the Hulk . I wanted to do the Western standoff , but it 's very difficult , even with people around him , to realise this guy 's 15-feet tall . He 's not quite twice the size of the Hulk , but he 's up there , and when they are all completely isolated for most of the fight , it 's very difficult to really get the sense of that . We 're coming to something that never fails to get a laugh , which for a long time was a real problem for me because I didn 't mean it as a joke . I thought it would be cool and obviously comic book-y , but I didn 't think of it as a laugh moment . And , by God , it is . And I look at it now and I 'm like , " Well , it has a Warner Bros. cartoon element to it . " But I love it when I actually don 't get the emotional gauge of what I 'm doing , because I feel like if I 'm getting more than I expected from something , or even something completely unexpected , it makes it more than just efficient storytelling . It makes it something that 's alive . There 's the elevator gag . Federico , one of the storyboard guys , had worked that out , and then we changed the space we were in , but we couldn 't not have the elevator gag because it felt so good . Now the Hulk is pretty much invulnerable , so having him spit out a tooth was a big deal , and getting the emotional register of that thing was a big deal , too , because the instinct was , for everyone , for him to be twitchy and monstrous and all the things that he had been in the scene , and this was one of those things where , " No , you need to take license . " When he turns around , he needs to be very quietly , like the kind of " calm before the storm " pissed . I was like , " More Robert Mitchum , more Robert Mitchum . " That 's what I kept saying , and people were like , " We have no idea what you mean by that . " But that kind of cool , which may be a bit of a cheat ? Now this was quite a showpiece . Delicate . ( CHUCKLES ) I know , " delicate " is a weird word to use right now . Delicate for us , um , because even now , many years later , the last thing we wanna do is egregiously evoke the spectre of 9 / 11 . And being , uh , callous about that is unthinkable . But , at the same time , it was very important to me , because it 's part of what this movie is about , that there be a price , that there be real damage , that we say , " You don 't just bust up a whole city , and nobody suffers for it . " This , it informs the end of the movie , and what the mission is , and what the stakes are . We originally shot it that he changed back to Banner , and was looking around and seeing what he 'd done , but I thought , late in the game , that it would be more effective if the Hulk himself was able to register it , and that it became stronger than whatever spell Tony had knocked out of him . The only rule of science I have in Avengers movies is , " if somebody is mind-controlling you , " then you get hit really hard , " then it 'll probably end . " That 's actually all the science that I know in the whole world . HILL : ... stay in stealth mode and stay away from here . So , run and hide ? Until we can find Ultron , I don 't have a lot else to offer . ( SIGHS ) Neither do we . ( SIGHS ) Hey , you wanna switch out ? No , I 'm good . WHEDON : This contains the last vestige of the " What the hell is Barton up to ? " A safe house . WHEDON : He originally had a line , " Where are you taking us ? " " A place I hoped I 'd never take you . " But , on the day , all I could think was , Tony would be like , " Uh , I 'm definitely driving . I don 't know what that means , " but it sounds ominous . " And it either sounded ominous or heroical . So , him being all shifty and saying , " Safe house , " was just more efficient . This house , these grounds , we 're on the Duke of Wellington 's land in England , trying to make it , like Springfield in The Simpsons , every state in America , so that they 're just in America . " We live in America , USA . " I have more to say about the house and grounds , but first , let 's talk about the secret weapon . This is an agent of some kind . Gentlemen , this is Laura . WHEDON : And she was a secret weapon because we had to keep Linda out of all of the promo stuff , because the one secret I was most anxious to protect was that Hawkeye 's dark secret is that he has a family . Chris there , by the way , just killing it . He did four hilarious reactions , which was great because , in our heads , when the Avengers walked in here , it would be the strangest thing in the world , but with only two of them in costume , two or three , and the house being so big and beautiful , they didn 't look that out of place . And so for Evans to keep doing very broad bits of , " What 's going on here ? " was just a lifesaver . Traitor . WHEDON : There are two of these girls , and if you colourthem pink , they play John C. Reilly 's daughter in Guardians of the Galaxy , ( CHUCKLING ) which is not something I knew when I shot this . But I 'm sure they can do an entire four-issue limited series as to how this girl 's related to somebody on another planet . This next shot some of you may recognise from The Searchers . I realised I needed that moment from Cap , and it 's very central to his whole theme about not being able to be at home , live a normal life . I did mention it to Jeremy Latcham , who then wrote a memo to everyone because I said I need a little bit of the interior of the house in this area . And he 's like , " Joss wants to do a shot from The Searchers . " I was like , " Don 't say it ! " But as long as I don 't say anything on the DVD commentary , I think I should be fine , and no one will know that I 'm just a thief . A thief ! You are so cute . WHEDON : This is a scene that was in danger of being trimmed for the entire editing process , and ended up with maybe one line pulled out . It 's so crucial to see that ... What a normal life is , and what a normal perspective is on the Avengers and their life . And , again , Linda is just so earthy and so real , and you buy the two of these guys together so much . She not only represents home and hearth and how he 's cool , she 's so luminous that she 's what the Avengers can never have . And also , her face showed up in the picture on the left , which was a fortuitous thing that we then highlighted even further because it looked so beautiful in that wide shot , right there . Things are changing for us . WHEDON " . She also just was dialled in to the character from moment one , and she and Jeremy met a couple days before we shot , and yet , the level of intimacy is enormous . His respect for her and for what this life means is so crucial . This is actually in Seoul , Korea . One of the great things about doing this one and shooting from London meant we could go everywhere . Where , in the first one , we had to create places , in this one we could really go to them , and you find architecture like that , which you would not find , even perhaps in your own imagination . So it 's very exciting . ... is the next me . WHEDON : Most of the stuff in these labs was rewritten many times after the fact , and Claudia came in to re-shoot a bunch of it as it sort of got moved around . There was so much exposition that she and James had to give us , yet keep it dynamic , which they did a good job with . That shot of the house and barn is probably my last opportunity to explain that those places don 't exist . They were built for the movie , and we shot them for one day . We shot one day outside there , and then they were gone . They built the interior of the house . The barn was an actual barn in England . And the design is not completely dissimilar to the farm that I spent a lot of my childhood on in Upstate New York . And it 's a very comforting space . If that were real , I would want to live there . But actually what really exists on that field usually is not a house , but very angry cows . Angry , angry , bitter cows . I don 't know what it is . They were just ... They weren 't pleasant . That I was an Avenger . That I was anything more ... WHEDON : This scene , you only get the first two-thirds of the scene in the movie . We cut out the end . People thought it would be , and I agree in part , I do , that it would be better to leave the question of whether they were together without answering it . But if you watch the scene in the DVD extras , you see the whole scene , and you see just more of why I 'm in love with these two people . ( CHUCKLES ) And I 'm in love with their love , and I 'm in love with their pain . And they were so good on this day . And Mark and Scarlett only ever bring goofy , happy energy to the set . But then you start the cameras , and they go to a place of pain that is just so human and so excruciating . This scene caused my first-ever completely un-ironic group hug because I was so proud of them and what they did . I insisted we have an extra day of shooting for this scene . We didn 't need it . They just came out and nailed it . This moment from her ... They sterilise you . WHEDON " . Um ... That just kills me . That throwaway , " it 's no big deal . " Then why are my eyes Welling up ? " gesture is just beautiful . I love the very haunting , weird little plaintive melody that Danny Elf man put over this . Their romance was a point of contention for some people . Not for us , while we were making it . In fact , it never occurred to us that there would be any reaction against it . They seemed so much like they belonged , if not together , in the same sort of world that ... And the chemistry they had from the first scene they ever played together just felt right . And people who thought she was supposed to be with Clint ... Well , obviously , it 's very important that he 's married , that he 's normcore , that his distance from the Avengers is caused by the fact that he actually has a connection to the world and he knows they don 't . But , also , I think it 's much more interesting for he and Natasha to be two people who would lay down their lives for each other , but aren 't interested in sleeping with each other . I think that 's a more interesting dynamic , a true one , and better than just the two of them hooking up . Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts , innocent people die . Every time . WHEDON " . The log rip . We built a lot of logs for him to rip . It 's a constant conversation with Chris about Cap 's power level . With Captain America , and particularly with the Hulk , you get this thing of ... Okay , Sergio Leone . Sorry . There , I said it . You get this thing of , " One moment , " I 'm having a normal fist fight with some guy , " and the next moment , I can jump two storeys . " So which is it ? I 'm embarrassed to say that " Hello , Deere " was Robert 's . That 's one of those moments where I just kick myself , I 'm like , " HOW did I miss that ? " Was she ever not working for you ? FURY : Artificial intelligence . You never even hesitated . It 's been a really long day , like Eugene O 'Neill long , so how 's about we skip to the part where you 're useful . WHEDON : There was a certain level of uncertainty about whether the Eugene O 'Neill line would play , and , after the hammer moment , it might be the biggest crowd-pleaser with every audience we 've played it for , and I 'm not sure why , honestly , but I 'm very pleased . STARK : I saw it . I didn 't tell the team . How could I ? I saw them all dead , Nick . I felt it . The whole world , too . Because of me . WHEDON : The idea of playing Tony 's confessional . Because there was a long period where it was like , " Well , does he tell everyone he had a vision ? " And we had lines in it for quite a while that indicated he had said something , or said something off-screen , but you don 't bring Nick Fury in without a reason . And although it was important to say that they were flying on their own , we knew we wanted to see Nick , and to have him be the first person that Tony can actually talk to , and for that to become , in a way , the sea change for Tony , even though he 's about to do something even more absurd than what he 's already done , is important for the whole group . I like the look . WHEDON : This is actual Royal Holloway , University of London . Again , any time we could go to the place , let it be the place that we said it was , and that wasn 't all the time , but was as much as possible . Obviously , that scene was a little bit longer . All of Stellan 's stuff , there was more of . Again , enjoy your DVD extras . The " Thor and Stellan go to a cave together " subplot is one of the more complicated issues in the movie . People either think there 's too much of it or not enough , but what we have gets us where we need to go . I contacted our friends at the Nexus about that . Nexus ? WHEDON : This scene , difficult , not unlike the scene in the lab , even though we had the table . Just difficult to get the energy . It 's a very bucolic kind of setting . It 's very deliberately the opposite of the Helicarrier . I mean , he mentions the Helicarrier , Fury does , on purpose , because it 's important for him , A , because later on he 's gonna show up with it , and if you had forgotten it exists , you don 't want that moment of like , " What ? " But also because this portion of the movie last time , where everybody 's sort of searching their soul and wondering what the heck to do and conflicting , came on the Helicarrier last time . And it was a very kind of science-fiction , kind of comic-book-y space , and the whole point of coming to the Bartons ' farm was to do the opposite of that . To bring them , literally , back down to Earth . But having done that , you then have to allow for this moment of respite from the giant action set pieces , two more of which are coming up , and , at the same time , keep some kind of energy and momentum . For some reason , every time we did a shot on Mark , when he got to the line , " Has anybody seen Helen Cho ? " he called her Anita . ( CHUCKLING ) I mean , we came back the next day and did more coverage , and as soon as we were off him , he was fine . And as soon as we came back on him , it was Anita . I have no idea why . Nobody knows why . But , oh , my God , it made us laugh so hard . Poor man . It 's so random . " Anita Cho . " But when he did nail it , he did nail it . You look at that shot where he says , " Has anyone been in contact with Helen Cho ? " The camera is moving here , he 's looking there . It 's very precise . And that 's an interesting thing with Mark , because I think he 's probably the best actor of his generation . But that precision is not natural to him . I have to sort of go , " I need you to do this thing . " And because what makes him so great is he 's so honest in his stuff , it doesn 't come from , " And we land here , " which is a very sort of comic book vernacular and very much the way I 've always created that sort of , " Everything is precise and musical and it goes ... " And then it goes to the next thing . He 's not that , because everything he says sounds like it just came from him . He doesn 't play characters . He just becomes them . He just exists . So it was interesting to work that out . We pulled out some of the rail for this shot because I was like , " I 'm going Gone with the Wind , guys . " I 'm going full-out . I 'm going full Western , full melodrama , all of that stuff . And that scene between the two of them was obviously part of my ongoing campaign to ensure the belief that Hawkeye is a dead man . Even to the point where he says that that 's his last project at the house . Really meaning , " This is my last mission . " I mean , he might as well say , " Don 't worry , honey . " It 's just one more job . It 's perfectly safe . " And then walk under a ladder . He 's like Dead Meat in Hot Show . ! And it 's all a ruse . How do you find it ? It 's pretty simple . You bring a magnet . WHEDON : This is not actually in Oslo , okay . That part is a total lie . The idea , though , that Tony is searching his world , the world of science , and Thor is searching the world of magic . Obviously , there was a much longer scene with Thor , but there was also at one point a version where we just intercut the two enormously , the cyber search and the dream search . And in the end , we went with the least amount of stuff to explain what knowledge Thor needs to come back with . Chris is great , and very patient with me , because he 's trying hard not to be irrelevant . And it 's tough with Thor because he doesn 't speak the way people do , he doesn 't live the way people do . He can 't just sort of be the casual guy , although Chris is hilarious at throwaway jokes . And I kept saying to Chris , " I 'm gonna figure this out . " I 'm gonna give you something really exciting . " And whether or not I succeeded is open to some debate . ( CHUCKLES ) But , God knows , everything I 've thrown at him , he 's done so well that it makes you want to protect the character , because he 's the only one who 's ... Well , he ain 't from around here . You said we would destroy the Avengers , make a better world . It will be better . WHEDON : That fist , curling up in frame on the left there , that 's another example of something that could never have been done before with what we could do in the first film . Um ... Just these casual frames . They 're a little static . Some of Ultron 's stuff was devised later , was sort of honed later . And this we actually shot on the day . And the space was a little small and didn 't afford a lot of opportunities , but I realised that I was so into the things they were saying that I felt like I dropped the ball a little bit , visually . And that 's the case with Ultron . In some cases , because we were building it after the fact , and we had a plate of the background that we were then animating him in front of , so actual camera movement was more difficult to put in late in the game . And sometimes I think I just missed some opportunities . I look at all the opportunities I 've missed . I look at this movie as a series of compromises and failures . Just so you know , I 'm not actually gonna emphasise that , and I 'm talking to my shrink about it . But the things about it that I love , I love very much . But I always think , " I could 've done better there . " ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) - He 's uploading himself into the body . - Where ? WHEDON : And this is Claudia , who is so impressive , doing the hardest thing in the movie , emotional exposition , where we give her a ton of dialogue to say , then we add to it later , and she 's still emotional and cool . ROMANOFF : No manifest . That could be him . There . It 's a truck from the lab . Right above you , Cap . On the loop by the bridge . WHEDON : Coming to Seoul was a real opportunity for us . Not a lot of people had shot there . And we had to sit down with one of their ministers of culture , and explain what it was we were trying to do , and make sure that we were gonna show Seoul in a good light . And , in fact , why we liked the city was because we knew we were gonna have a chase throughout the whole city and ... Not the whole city , it 's one of the most enormous cities in the world . ( CHUCKUNG ) But through some lovely bits of it . And we wanted a place that was very modern and very exciting , and not gritty in the same sense . We wanted every place to register as itself . Johannesburg , Seoul . And then we wanted to fly under buildings , when clearly he could have flown over them , just because they were there and they were pretty . You know what 's in that cradle ? WHEDON : I 've talked about ILM and the extraordinary work they did , which I can 't say enough about . But , as is the case with movies like this , there 's hundreds of houses doing various effects and various bits . This whole sequence , the Ultron portion of it , most of the major work in it was done by Dneg . And the houses are really good about helping each other out . Some of these shots were shared by , like , four different houses . Somebody 's doing a background , somebody 's doing a stunt face replacement , somebody 's doing a digital creature . And with the Vision , somebody at one house did body , one did face , one did cape , one did background . It was just ... But they 're all very cooperative , they 're very inventive , and everybody brings that extra quality . A lot of these low-angle shots you see of Cap going over camera , her going through alleys , were shot with a little remote-controlled car , which honestly is my favourite thing . ( CHUCKLES ) I like the remote-control car way more than the motorcycle ( LAUGHS ) because it 's just so cool . This moment here , um , Bryan Andrews , storyboard artist , who has done a lot of great stuff for us , came in after the fact and looked at this . And we had knocked all the cars over . It was Bryan 's idea to add Captain America to what we referred to as the " car ballet . " And it took something that was pretty , but pointlessly destructive , and turned it into a moment of peril for one of our guys , and made it not just more exciting , but worthy . And that kind of feedback , and having those new eyes is so crucial and so exciting , because it just keeps getting better . The thing about a sequence like this is it 's always about the connection between the players . The more you can connect them , the more we would add dialogue between them . It wasn 't just stunt , stunt , stunt . You felt their humanity . There was an emotional thread going through here for Scarlett when we shot it , that she had been rejected by Banner very brutally . If you see the entire sequence on DVD , it 's a rough thing , and it made her have this kind of self-destructive , just brave kind of fatalism . And then some of this stuff was shot after that had been cut , but most of it beforehand , and so you end up with someone who 's playing something that is no longer in the film . And it 's just a very delicate process to make sure that you don 't have some inexplicable emotional malaise from her . But luckily she 's the kind of person who hides that sort of stuff , and as a character , she plays on the surface as very in control . And so we were able to cut it together without it seeming strange . But it also means that one of the emotional arcs of this sequence disappeared , and then you end up relying on spectacle , which is the last thing that you want , even though the spectacle is beautifully put together . And you have the kids going from villain to hero , which is a major plot turn . And you have Ultron disappearing with Widow , so you 're servicing the story , but emotionally there 's not as much going on as there would have been . And that 's complicated because once you start a sequence this massive without that particular emotional hook , it 's very easy for people to get pummelled . But by bringing the kids in , by cutting it down , and just by the beautiful job Jeff did cutting it , I think it sustains . But I 'm always gonna look at what 's not . Almost all of that was in Korea , or shot with plates from Korea . This is actually in England , in Longcross , a place we used for a few of the sets and exteriors near Shepperton , where we shot most of it , that they dressed up very specifically and brought the trains . I think we brought them from Korea , the two train cars that we had . Dressed them in . One of the things I love about having all these characters is the way their alliances can shift and change , and Captain America 's never expressed anything but sympathy for these guys , even while he was fighting them . So for him to suddenly say one mean thing , and then , boom , they 're allies . It 's exciting , but it also feels emotionally logical , and then it brings us back to the idea that Tony is the villain . One of the true villainous moments he has is telling Hawkeye , " Why don 't you disappear ? " and I 'm gonna make an evil eyebrow face , because I 'm about to do something crazy . And the idea that he 's gonna lean into the very thing that is wrong with him is interesting to me , because the idea that the worst thing about us is useful gives this thing texture . Look at the reflection of Jarvis in Bruce 's glasses . That 's something that ... That level of detail is ... Because , of course , Jarvis is not there , that was added later . And that level of care and detail is in every frame of this movie . Our VFX head , Chris Townsend , was running 97 different houses . And one of the things I love about Marvel is that good enough is never good enough . And the level of texture and detail and character that they put into VFX doubles , this sort of amorphous character . It 's so complicated figuring out , " How do we make him feel like a program that 's talking ? " Give him personality , but not too much . Make him not cartoony . Make him feel integrated into a universe that is , at its base , very grounded . We 're asking that question about every effect , every day . And the stuff they gave me is so human on every level . And ultimately these stories never work . This scene was created in post . There was some amusement at the literal translation of what had been post-viz . On the left the ... I don 't want to say phallic , uh , implement of ... But if you look carefully at it , oh , yeah . And we sort of laughed about it , but then I decided I wanted to keep it , since , as he becomes more aggressive , the idea that his iconography becomes more male . When he 's just a program , it 's very Georgia O 'Keeffe in the lab , and then now he 's becoming pure aggression . This is also one of my favourite performances from James and ILM . The love and poignancy of his dream deferred , and how insane it makes him . We had another version of the scene that was just too civilised , something I do a lot , where people are just holding a cup of tea instead of ripping their own faces and guts apart . And Scarlett , with no lines , giving me beautiful stuff , and the idea obviously of somebody doing the infamous and , in fact , somewhat cliched Nietzsche quote , but then putting a genuine spin on it . A very literal one . It was very exciting and fun . And designing his final armour to be different , it was super tough to find something that worked . It covers his face and some of the greatness of his delivery a little bit , and I think we all regretted that a little bit . But it also brings him more towards the Ultron that we know from the comics , and gives us that distance that we need to get into the final act . - ROGERS : Shut it down ! - Nope , not gonna happen . You don 't know what you 're doing . And you do ? She 's not in your head ? WHEDON : Once again , internal conflict is the thing that makes these things work . And that 's fairly badass of Banner . WANDA : You don 't know what 's in there . ROGERS : This isn 't a game ! - No , no . Go on . - ( POWERING DOWN ) - You were saying ? - ( GUNSHOT ) WHEDON : As I said , this moment came from just walking the set and saying , " Well , they are talking a lot , and he 's very fast . " Why wouldn 't he just ... Oh , okay . " And then , of course , the call back , which I threw in late in the game . It was just very necessary , because you would not remember that phrase from the beginning of the movie to the end . And at the end of the movie , it becomes quite important . Watch her particularly in this moment , when she casts a spell through herself , boom , to him . All of that movement was very specifically choreographed . It 's probably the first thing that I worked on . I worked with Jennifer White , a dancer and a choreographer , with Lizzie , and the three of us spent a lot of time with me translating what are very literal moves to create the language of her magic , so that people would understand it and not just think , " Oh , she can do anything she wants . " It would be like throwing a magic punch . And besides , it meant choreography , and if you 've seen the movie , you know I like a lot of that . That shot of Scarlet , which is one of my favourites in the film as well , because she 's been desperate to keep this from happening more than anyone , because she 's seen the apocalyptic vision that it contained , and yet , when she sees the Vision , what 's on her face is clearly fear / I am falling in love with you . ( CHUCKLES ) And as I grew up reading the comics , where they actually fall in love and get married , it 's nice to throw to that a tittie bit without overplaying it . This was another moment that came from just walking the set . And originally , there was a big fight between him and Thor as he was still becoming a conscious guy , and then we pulled that out , but it all led to the moment where he is at the window , 'cause I thought , " First of all , look at this cool window " and I need a reason to shoot outside it . " But , more importantly , the stages of his self-awareness involve seeing the world , the outside world , outside of himself , and then seeing himself in reflection . And those feel like two separate stages of any human understanding of existence . And he goes through that , and is complete . - Then why would you bring ... - Because Stark is right . WHEDON : There 's a lot of buys in something like this . And to have a purple guy show up in the beginning of the third act , uh , it 's a big buy . And so to be able to have these little moments that help explain the story of his rather convenient consciousness , it 's both necessary and an exciting piece of texture . I can barely talk about how cool Bettany is , and what great work they did on his face , both in makeup , and then after the fact , because all the rendering of textures on his face made it very easy to give him what we refer to as digital Botox , to take away the expressiveness in his eyes , and so the little wrinkles and things that you wouldn 't expect to see on an android , that you need for him to be what Bettany brought , is actually very difficult to render and very beautifully accomplished . This moment when he asks , " What will you do ? " This was part of my recalibration of the Vision from Jarvis to the Vision , where he basically lays it out , " You can 't really stop me . " ( CHUCKLES ) I wrote him before as , I would say , polite . And here , he has his own thing , his own agenda that goes beyond humanity . And later on has what is , for me , the most important moment in the movie , based on his understanding of life beyond us and our agenda . I 'm not what you are , and not what you intended . So , there may be no way to make you trust me . WHEDON : And then , of course , there 's this . The great thing is , we set it up for the whole movie without anybody realising we were setting something up . Well done . WHEDON : Chris improv 'd that line ( CHUCKLES ) in the moment , which I love . But it 's also not just a trick , it 's an important piece of storytelling . Not just because of who the Vision is and what he 's going to mean , but because we need to trust him . And there 's no better way to say , categorically , ( CHUCKLES ) " we can , " than that . Now , you 'll hear Tony talking about " Someone 's gonna die , " over a picture of Hawkeye looking at his wife once again , leaning into the ... " He 's definitely going out . " This speech , which got tweaked somewhat , there was a point at which I almost didn 't shoot it because we shot a lot of footage , and I thought , " Well , we know what we 're doing here . " But it became very , very crucial to me . First of all , I thought Chris killed it , and the footage looked wonderful . But most importantly , the idea that Ultron could be right , that the Avengers could just be a destructive bunch of thugs , is important not only to articulate , but for them to internalise , so that you understand their idea of the stakes of what 's coming . ROGERS " . Keep the fight between us . WHEDON " . This , again , is a frame you would never have seen in the first movie . This very tight close-up , long-lens thing is a different vernacular , but I never felt it was more effective than it was there . BANNER : Natasha ! Natasha ! WHEDON : Now , this is an interesting piece of footage because I wrote this scene ... We had a very different scene with the Hulk and Ultron , and it did not play . It was good , but you just ... It didn 't fit . And I kept saying , " Well , we 've got to do something else . " So I wrote this scene , and the scene in between the two of them that comes after , and we did it in reshoots . And what 's interesting about it is we never actually got them on the same day . And I 'll explain more when we see them again . These pieces pounce ... This is on the outside of London . So is this . A huge complex where we built this church , and where we built that bridge , and basically turned it into our biggest piece of real estate in Eastern Europe . Uh ... Have you been juicing ? Little vibranium cocktail ? WHEDON : And then where Hawkeye and the Scarlet Witch are is in northern Italy , very close to where the exterior of the fortress , which is actually Fort Bard in the Italian Alps , is . So that we still had that European flavour , but we got some old world and some more modern . And really give it a realistic feel , 'cause unlike every other place we shot , there is no Sokovia . We didn 't feel we could take an actual city and rip it out of the ground . That seemed irresponsible , even by our standards . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) Go ! WHEDON " . Another thing that 's ... This kind of thing is insanely complex , but made more so by the fact that I was very determined that we would have a passage of time . That there would be a pre-dawn sequence , and then there would be dawn when the sun was just rising , and then there would be morning . So that we would feel the toll of this thing , because I wanted it to feel like it took a lot . But inevitably you end up reorganising certain things and repurposing them , so we had to go in and kind of recolour certain things . Make certain things more pre-dawn purple , and then brighten up some other things . Occasionally the seams show , but , in general , they did a really good job of keeping it all together . And the main plot points were all where they were supposed to be , so most of the footage we were able to use intact . And , again , Ben Davis , our DP , who is just a phenomenal master , really leaned into the difficulty of what it was he was going to have to accomplish . And there was so much to get , and so much footage , and so much epic stuff . And then I started putting restrictions of time and when we could shoot , and he just worked it all out . Just one of those guys who does not ever remark upon the fact that his job is impossible , and I 'm grateful for it . The voice in Tony 's head was originally a different actress , but , again , the " girl Friday " thing was something that I liked very much , but ... And Friday was one of his HUD personalities from the comics , but when she came on as American , the only way to establish who she was as a sort of different person was to have banter between them , which literally meant establishing an entirely new character after the Vision . Soto give her the accent , it sort of made a little piece of shorthand . ULTRON : When the dust settles , the only thing living in this world will be metal . WHEDON : This is , again , some of lim 's most beautiful work , and flying around that place . So he 's playing the scene with Dominique , one of Scarlett 's stand-ins . She is playing the scene , because they shot them on different days , with Sean Maher , my old crony from firey and Much Ado . He seemed like he would be a good fit , since we knew we couldn 't get them both at the same time . And , oddly enough , from that back angle , his jaw looks exactly like Mark Ruffalds . So , it 's complicated . It 's a classic Marvel problem , when you make these giant movies that you can 't actually get the actors on the same day , occasionally , for intimate scenes . Frustrating , but you work around it , and luckily Dominique and Mark are both really strong actors and gave their counterparts a lot to work with . This stuff is always deadly . Creating some kind of sense of scale that is realistic is so difficult . And this work , which is pure digital , is , to me , just really staggering . But to keep the sense , and , I think , in shooting and in editing ... Not editing , but in sort of the way we were looking at post-vis and kind of setting these things up , I feel like I could 've been clearer about the feeling of that floating city . Stark , you worry about bringing the city back down safely . WHEDON : This was all added after the fact , but it 's one of my favourite bits , and Evans was more than happy to have that little speech . And this was also added to give a very useful sense of the scale of the thing , and the height of it . That is Dominique , by the way . She had a bigger role in the film . You saw her at the beginning of the film , her and her little brother , and they had a bigger role . Once again , I wanted ... When she calls out for him to be saved , I wanted them to be more than just extras , I wanted us to know that Pietro knew them and that it was important to save them . But at the end of the day , as I often find in these movies , people really just wanna see the Avengers . WANDA : How could I let this happen ? BARTON : Hey , hey , you okay ? - This is all our fault . - Hey , look at me . It 's your fault , it 's everyone 's fault . Who cares ? WHEDON : Now , this scene , obviously , is a favourite . We have what I refer to , and I 'm not the first person to use the phrase , as inoculation . We 're fighting an army of robots , and I have a bow and arrow . None of this makes sense . ( BARTON GRUNTING ) WHEDON : Where he says the thing we 're all thinking . And it plays , and it 's also his little power talk , his little pep . It 's emotional . His whole relationship with these characters ... I knew what I wanted to do with Pietro , and I knew that he was gonna have a relationship with them that was incredibly contentious . But part of it came simply from the fact that all of their action together in Italy was because it was the first thing we were shooting , and they were the only actors available . And everybody else was off having babies or doing publicity or making another Marvel movie , or one of the 19 movies they had all made during this . I mean ... So they said , " Well , we 're gonna start in Italy , " and you 've got these three characters . " And so what was a sort of matter of convenience became a real arc . I said , " Well , okay , then these guys are really gonna have a relationship " that progresses and means something . " And for the guy who likes Pietro the least , who discounts him completely , and who is sort of a father figure to these kids , for Pietro to prove himself the truest hero of the bunch by saving him is , I think , much more interesting and emotional than if it just happened to happen . This is definitely a point at which , putting things together , it turns into crowd-pleasing gags that are gags . This is a point in the movie where I ... When we were putting it all together , I felt a little bit , " We 've lost the mission , we 're doing cool gags , " but what we 're not doing is setting up moments " so that when something like this happens , " it means everything it could . " The difficulty in taking something like this is not having these moments , it 's earning them . It 's setting them up , and making sure that when they happen , they mean something . This was another specific piece of magic , the idea that she 's actually pulling energy out of the ground . For me , there was the idea , a little bit , of , " She 's using Sokovia itself , " again , which she sort of represents , against them . " And here , he had a different line , " I hate that kid . I really don 't like that kid . " And I said , " Well , maybe try ' No one will know , ' " or something , and then just riff . " And then all of this is just Jeremy . Which just killed us all on the day , and is one of my favourite things in the film . And , again , plays very heavily into what 's to come . Getting to create the look for these two , the look for their magic , was extremely exciting . And whenever we got her red up against his blue , to me , it 's very dazzling , and putting , again , that stuff to the movement , it 's some of the last stuff to come in , and so you 're always going , " Well , I think it looks cool . " But then when it finally does come together , it 's much more than that . Obviously , that scene was a little joke moment , but it was also there to show that he can 't actually always outrun a bullet . Keep the atomic action doubling back . FRIDAY : That could vaporise the city . And everyone on it . ( PANTING ) WHEDON : In addition to the passage of time , we also wanted to , obviously , go in and out of the clouds to change the light up that way . And anything I could do to make Ben Davis ' life harder , he used to make my movie look better . ROMANOFF : Cap , these people are going nowhere . - If Stark finds a way to blow this rock ... - Not till everyone 's safe . Everyone up here versus everyone down there ? There 's no math there . WHEDON : Again , there 's a little bit of missing context when she talks about she 's ready to die up there . Originally , that had been part of a run of she was still feeling upset about things going south with Banner , but at this point that 's a different relationship . But because it 's such a soldier thing , it still played . And this , we 're actually using the Alan Silvestri cue from the first time the carrier takes off in the first movie . We used some of Alan 's stuff throughout the movie because it really connected us to the other movie when we needed to , but never more than here . FURY " . Nice , right ? WHEDON : It really does , when we saw the finished effects , which were so beautiful , I thought , " Oh , yeah , this was a science-fiction movie at one point . " And there , Fury 's got his mojo back , he 's got his coat back , Hill 's back at her station . All of this , the set you see , is exactly what we had . We didn 't have even any reference of the old set , so we had to build a lot of it digitally , or take it from tails of shots from the first movie . That shot of the rafts coming out is also one of my favourites . I think it 's kind of the mission statement of the movie . This is not so bad . WHEDON : And I love Aaron so much in that moment . Let 's load them up . WHEDON : To bring the carrier back ... So , for example , what 's behind her ? It 's just a shot we took people out of from the first movie ( WHISPERING ) because we really couldn 't actually build the entire set again . It 's way too big . Getting the two of these guys flying together and bantering together again is just a really nice bit of personal texture , and a way to sort of lead us towards where we 're going with the end of the movie in terms of the Avengers lineup . The reason I had him talking about War Machine in the first place was that , again , like Fury mentioning the Helicarrier , for people who are not familiar with that universe , I needed people to know that he has an Iron Man suit that he flies around in , and is a superhero . So that when he showed up , people wouldn 't not know what that was . Oh , God ! WHEDON : Aaron , there , is obviously from Captain America 2 . I thought his little sequence in Cap 2 was one of my favourite parts of the movie , and so when Fury had collected a bunch of people to run the carrier , I thought it would be emotionally effective if he was one of them . ... and as long as there is life in my breast ... lam running out of things to say ! Are you ready ? WHEDON : If there 's one thing Hemsworth is absolutely great at , it 's undercutting Thor 's pomposity . He can sell the Asgardian thing , but when he gets to do something casual , he 's such a delight . This was obviously , again , one of the most difficult and sort of giant 3D-friendly shots that I insisted , " We need this . " We need the roller-coaster ride . " We need to remember that we 're up in the air . " And then later on in the process was like , " But I also want him to be doing some math during it . " Because the idea that he is in the middle of a firefight , and he 's doing calculations , being a scientist in his head , that , for me , it 's what makes him cool , and it 's what keeps the fighting from , again , just being a punch-a-thon . Romanoff . You and Banner better not be playing " hide the zucchini . " ROMAN O F F : Relax , shellhead . Not all of us can fly . ( PANTING ) - What 's the drill ? - This is the drill . If Ultron gets a hand on the core , we lose . WHEDON " . So this is where the movie kind of unabashedly turns into Rm Bravo . Little bit of Zulu , Dawn of the Dead . It doesn 't matter . If you 've read the comic books , there are very famous panels by George Perez of just a sea of Ultrons attacking the Avengers , and that , to me , was what I wanted to evoke . I also think that the work of Bryan Hitch , who did the Uwmates , which is really in many ways the father of the MCU , particularly the Avengers , that style of very muscular action , is going on here . But most importantly , what 's going on here is not a sort of laid out , literal fight . The detail work in the backgrounds of shields and arrows , and the idea of all the teamwork and all of the things that are going on . What specifically is going on is much less important to me in this than the idea of this fight , than the feeling of it . Rather than set up specific stakes beyond " We must protect this " and " Here they all come , " what I wanted to do was just show the feeling of an Avenger . It 's the closest I feel like I 've ever come to panel art and , to be specific , Thor there has ripped out someone 's spine and head and is hitting other people with his head , which means that this movie is , at least on one level , awesome . I feel about the sequence that there are more missed opportunities , that I should have spent months more fine-tuning it , but I also feel that it is as beautiful as anything I 've ever put on film . I feel this combination of despair and extraordinary elation when I watch it , I just want ... Again , I want to make sure I 've earned it , and I want to spend even more time watching Thor hit people with somebody 's head . The rhythm of it was done very musically . That big hero theme is another piece by Danny Elf man , and among the most important , if not the most important , in the film . And it came in somewhat late in the process , but then Jeff Ford re-tweaked everything to fit its rhythm . Its rhythms were very close to what we had been using , but then , uh , we had to play to it . The musicality and the physicality are what interest me there . I wished I could 've hurt more people , I wished I could 've taken more of a toll on the characters . The complexity of not just how we shot it , but when we had all the people , and what came before and after what , meant that you couldn 't be as specific as I would have liked in that sense , but it 's still ... That sequence is , for me , the reason we show up . And this sequence is , for me , the reason I show up , where two people are in an apocalypse , talking about eating in the dining room . That says more about their relationship than anything else I could 've done , and it 's something that I always love about Marvel , is that they 're not afraid of that conversation . Even at this late and very sort of momentous stage , they 're like , " Yeah , you should totally have ... " They should talk about re-decorating . " That makes perfect sense . " And I don 't feel that there are a lot of studios who would 've embraced that in the same way . Again , you can hear someone saying , " You 're safe now , " as he gets on the boat . I couldn 't be more shameless about trying to convince everyone that Hawkeye 's gonna die . Oh , no . One more time , back in . Yeah , no . It 's over . This also came late . I think it was Jeff Ford 's idea that we knew Thor was gonna hit it from up top , but the idea that Iron Man 's down below came late . Iron Man 's action usually gets enhanced late in the film because , like the Hulk and Ultron , he 's not there . He doesn 't exist , that 's a CG ! character , and so you think you know what you want him to do , and then you find , " Wait , there 's a way to up the stakes here . " This is another thing that I feel like ( CHUCKUNG ) other studios wouldn 't let you do , is have him just singing like that , to himself . And then getting genuinely brutal . I wanted this to be unlovely . And when I said to Jeremy , " Just look at it and know that your death is imminent , " and that you 're okay with it . " The look on his face was , um , priceless . And the cut to Wanda with the sound of what 's going on here before anything happens , is revealed , rather , is also great . I almost didn 't wanna cut to that overhead shot of him because he did that fall , just face-planted , so beautifully that I wanted people to see . But then I couldn 't resist the hyperbole of being directly above him when he landed on the ground . Emotional hyperbole , let 's face it , that 's my jam . We shot that ... That 's one of the first scenes we shot , and then we re-shot it , where she ... They have their last exchange , and then she senses he 's dead , and goes down on her knees , and the first time we shot it , she wept . And just an enormous amount of snot came flying , just pouring down . It was very realistic , it was kind of awesome . She was laughing about it afterwards , she 's like , " I probably should have warned you that would happen . " So we dialled that back the second time . But she still conveys such extraordinary grief and gravitas , and her bit with Ultron after is one of my favourite things I 've ever put on film . As much as this process was difficult , that 's something I end up saying a lot in this movie . Wanda . If you stay here , you 'll die . WHEDON : He had different lead-ins to her line , " I just did . " I liked the idea that what he said was something to try and help her , that he couldn 't quite get past the fact that they had a relationship , that she meant something to him . Now , see , there 's the shield . The severing of his chest is in the exact shape of the shield . It 's hard to talk over that scene because they 're so good in it . But I did , so I guess I must be awesome . And then , of course , the final problem . And , of course , Iron Man 's in the thick of it , in his own literal , when I say literal , sort of visual hell . He 's down below , in the inferno , and Thor is up above , and so much of this movie is about that juxtaposition . This part is what I refer to as , " Can you read my mind ? " it 's a little shamelessly romantic , but then that 's not about theme , that 's just about the two of them . It 's about the mission , which was to save everyone . And obviously it 's also a nod to the romance they will later share in the comic book universe . I can 't say what 's gonna happen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . But , emotionally , it takes that big falling rock and turns it into something more . ROMANOFF ' . The job is finished . Now I need you to turn this bird around , okay ? We can 't track you in stealth mode . So help me out . WHEDON : This is another , um , really beautiful performance . I shot Mark on a mo-cap stage doing this . But , again , ILM has to bring their own integrity to what his face is doing , and what was great was that we kept saying , " Less . " And then that shot , Scarlett was doing her ADR , and so for the first time was seeing his side of that , and she looked at it , that beautiful shot from behind him , pulling away , and she just went , ( MIMICKING CRYING ) " Oh , my God , that 's so emotional . " Fat man in a little car . " ( IN NORMAL VOICE ) So that sequence is only ever known as " Fat Man in a Little Car . " of you ? WHEDON : And then this is the thing . This scene is kind of the reason . I refer to it as " Miller 's Crossing . " The mob hit , The Godfather , " Can you get me off for old times ? " The civilised kill is always a beautiful scene , but this is where I feel you get to know the Vision in a way that you hadn 't before . And you get to make a summer tentpole movie where you actually get to say that humanity is doomed . They 're doomed . Yes . But a thing isn 't beautiful because it lasts . It 's a privilege to be among them . WHEDON : That was just a nice thing to think , and then to have somebody say . But the first time , because they did these scenes together , so often people don 't , but they did all of their scenes together , together , and the first time James ever said , " They 're doomed , " and he said , " Yes . " And he 's established himself as the most noble , worthy of the hammer . And yet , he says " Yes " without pause . Um ... That , for me , is ... What few hairs I have left , it raised them right up to hear the sympathy and certitude with which he said that . Just loved it . This , obviously , ( CHUCKLES ) the " Best Years of Our Lives " moment . The " I 'm standing in the kitchen , and I know he 's there . " ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Maria Hill and Cho , back in action . And , of course , our boy Stellan . The idea that everyone we know is in on it , is a part of the new world , and that everybody 's moving and shaking except her . FURY : One of our tech boys flagged this . WHEDON " . This whole sequence , we ... 'Cause it was a place in London , a convention centre , it 's beautiful . And the question of how to dress it , we spent a long while on , ( CHUCKLES ) and then I suddenly was like , " Wait a minute . Don 't dress it . " Don 't put anything in it . Don 't put anybody in it . " Just have a big , beautiful space with these guys . " Because that 's enough . In fact , it expresses her emotional state much better , and it also gives it an epic quality that , despite the hugeness of the place in the wider shots , you don 't get in the same way . Nothing lasts forever . Trouble , Ms Romanoff . No matter who wins or loses , trouble still comes around . WHEDON : This next bit ... STARK : We 're dealing with something new . The Vision is artificial intelligence . WHEDON : We did this in re-shoots , and I had said we really need somebody that expresses the gravitas of what they 've been through , and Kevin said , " Or they could make that joke about the hammer that you almost put in . " I 'm like , " Okay , yeah , let 's do that instead . " ( CHUCKLES ) And I think , ultimately , my desire for people to internalise what 's happened and pay for it is sometimes not the best instinct for these summer movies . I 'm at war ( SIGHS ) with my own intentions when I make these things because I want to make a fantasy , but I 'm offended by the irresponsibility of the fantastic . And , uh , so the tone of the thing is something I have to play with very specifically . And there is a moment where I feel that I got it wrong . And putting the score together came late in the process , later than it should 've , and there was one cue that we had two versions of , and it 's Cap 's revelation that he ... Or his telling Tony that he 's at home here in this place . We had a cue that expressed the kind of doubt and poignancy in that . And I suggested , " Well , what if we tried putting in " a version of the Captain America theme there ? " And everyone liked that better . And , I mean , absolutely everyone . But every time I watch it now , I go , " No . Should 've had the doubt , " because I don 't want him to be saying , " Oh , no , it 's great . I found my home . " I want him to be saying , " I 'm a guy who never will . " And , " I 'm not satisfied . " I 'm not proud of this , that this is what I am . " It 's just something I 've come to accept , " so that music cue will drive me crazy , like many things , until the end of time , possibly because I 'm already crazy . The whole point of this movie , and part of the conflict I described , was the idea of closing , of changing , of something that ends . And yet , something that 's just beginning . And luckily , because the Avengers are defined by the idea that they 're always changing , they literally changed their roster in their second issue , it was easy to have my cake and eat it . To say , " We 've lost something . Camelot is over , " but also to say , " Exciting adventures yet to come . " Some people have complained that Cap left that sentence unfinished . I 've never been more certain of anything in my life , that he needed to . It was in the script exactly as that . The first time I ever told Evans how the movie was gonna end , he just lost it because you don 't say it , you don 't finish the sentence . You let the audience finish the sentence . And you also say , " There is more . " This whole sequence is my favourite of these that I 've seen . The idea of ... The post-credits sequences in Marvel are always really good . This one , I thought , is lovely because it ... The idea that they have been immortalised in statue . There 's a statue at the beginning you see before Grand Central , which is the heroes of New York , and its cops and first-responders , and we had a whole sequence about the unveiling of that , and then it was taken out , but we made sure we kept the statue in the movie . So , to put these guys in marble , it elevates them , but , to me , it also grounds them in a way of saying , " Yeah , these guys were veterans of a war " that they fought to the last , " and , in some cases , gave the last full measure . " And that they should be remembered , and that an era is over . And as this is my goodbye to the world of Marvel , it seems like a nice one . But there 's still this guy . This was exactly what I pitched , again , before the movie . Loki failed , Red Skull failed . Ronan failed . So , it 's time . Third movie , it 's time , which is somebody else 's problem . There is one more thing I have to say . I 'm not going to speak through 48 minutes of credits , though you should watch them all because every person listed in them did extraordinary work , and I 'm enormously grateful . And I apologise to all the people I didn 't mention because I should 've . But I did promise that I would say something about an Easter egg . I don 't ... Usually , I try not to be self-indulgent . I just had a feeling there was a connection between the evils of this world and the evils of all worlds . And there is that one shot in Thor 's dream of three guys in an archway , wearing three masks , and the masks are very expressionistic , so it might be hard to see exactly what they are , and we only held on them for a moment . And they were originally seen over a line of Thor 's that was taken out , where he says , " it 's been a long journey , and dark forces followed me . " And the idea that there is something bigger at stake , which we hit in his revelation of the jewels , but " dark forces " was when you cut to those guys . Basically , though expressionistic , they are based on three animals , a wolf , a ram , and a hart . And some of you might know what that means to me . Thank you for listening . We 're done .
