 Big jim : Four weeks ago , an invisible dome crashed down On chester 's mill , cutting us off from the rest of the world . The dome has tested our limits , Forcing each of us to confront our own personal demons- - Rage ... Grief ... Fear . My god . ( people exclaiming ) Now , in order to survive , We must battle our most dangerous adversary ... The enemy within . Inside eva Is the queen , who will lead our kinship Out of the dome . Push now ! No ! ( grunting ) ( crying ) That baby is half mine . She is my queen . We need to split the amethyst into seven pieces . Julia : If the cure works And joe figures out how to take down the dome , maybe we can all Get out of here the same way we came in . When will the cure be ready for the rest of the town ? When I say it 's ready . Hektor : We have to kill them all- - Hunter , norrie , joe , barbie- - everyone . ¶ lullaby and good night ¶ ( grunting ) ¶ is baby 's wee bed . ¶ ¶ ¶ I just abandoned my newborn . You had no choice . The kinship would have killed us . So we should have followed them ! There were a dozen people closing in on us . We 're gonna go back to the day care And figure out our next move . No . No , I can 't . Sorry , I got to find her . Barbie , they are gonna have her hidden , under heavy guard . This is their new queen . That 's ridiculous ! She 's a baby ! She 's nobody 's queen . She was conceived and born in three days . She is my daughter . She 's not Human . Look , I know how you feel ... No , you don 't . You have no idea how I feel . You 're right . But I do know what we 're up against . And our next move has to be smart . When I left the day care , junior was doing well . He was back to his old self . So if hektor 's cure works , it can help your baby . She 's the first person we 're using this on . ( engine revving ) Lily : Can 't sleep either , huh ? My favorite part of day . Usually there 's no one around to bother me . I know why you 're awake . Same reason I am . I heard you make that deal with hektor . To kill everyone infected with the life force . You don 't know what you heard . You talk to anyone else ? I will if you don 't help me stop hektor . You obviously don 't know who you 're talking to . I worked surveillance on the dome . I 've seen you go all ted bundy on people . I also saw how much you care about this town . You don 't want to do this . And neither does hektor . He seemed all gung ho Last night . Hektor 's not a murderer . He 's just desperate because the cure failed . Well , he needs to grow thicker skin . I think he 'll listen to you , If you explain to him that ... Losing junior doesn 't have to be the end of all his hard work . That there 's still time to keep trying . Well , time 's the one thing we don 't have . So , what- - We give everyone in your town The same homemade doomsday punch ? What , you think a-a pep talk with hektor 's gonna stop him From murdering everyone ? If it doesn 't work ... Then we use force . ( sighs ) If I do this , I 'm gonna need something from you . Get rid of that ... Surveillance footage you mentioned . Something like that Could get in my way , after the dome comes down . You 're asking me to erase murder evidence ? I help you , You help me . Or I could tell hektor about our little chat . Fine . I 'll erase your file . And I 'll see what I can do to stop hektor . That 's enough . He 's with us . Thank you . Dale . I finally get to meet you . Your father spoke highly of you . You know , it 's funny . All these years , I thought that it was my dad Running a dirty company . Turns out the real scumbag was you . Look , I made a lot of mistakes at aktaion . That 's why I came under the dome- - Make things right . Hey . We were afraid you wouldn 't find us . Oh ... You have yourself to blame for that . You drew us a square on the door . Only reason we knew to look here Was because " paper mill " was next on the list of hideouts . So , we saw the bodies At the day care . What happened ? The cure , it made junior go totally aggro . He killed the guards , ran off . That 's why we had to move . Dr. Bloom : The virus mutated faster than we predicted . Instead of extinguishing the life force , It may have enhanced some qualities in james rennie . So the cure failed . What happened to the new alien queen ? She landed yet ? My daughter was born yesterday . Norrie : Where is she ? Is she okay ? Julia : She 's ... Infected . Christine 's troops found us . They took the baby . This baby , Did it have an umbilical cord ? Yeah , why ? Stem cells Contain the purest form of the virus . Purer than what we 've drawn from christine . If you can get your hands on that cord , There 's still a chance . Well , consider that done . Dr. Bloom and I will set up the lab . Come with me . Is there any way we can help ? Barbie : Yeah , if you 've got any ideas On where to find christine , then shoot . The drone we brought in . Yeah , we could fly it around town , see if we can spot her . Julia : That 's a great idea . All right , everybody , remember to check in , okay ? It 's beautiful . It 's the dome 's dying light . I 'm draining what 's left of its energy into the baby . It will hasten the calcification , But without the amethysts , we have no choice . The new queen has to be cocooned . No , let me go . ( baby cries ) It 's for the baby . ( crying ) Christine ... It 's expiring too fast . If the dome seals up before the queen is ready , The kinship won 't make it out of here alive . ( crying ) So this stem cell thing 's for real ? We 're so close . We just need a fresh sample of the most recent viral strain . There 's some more lab equipment outside . Can you go bring it in , please ? Dr. Bloom 's enthusiasm is misplaced , as I think you know . Synthesizing a new formula will take months . And by that time , the virus will have mutated again . Aluminum phosphide ? It 's a grain fumigant . I brought it in with us to help preserve the cattle feed . Conveniently , it 's extremely toxic . And it only takes a few minutes to work . So you want to poison the infected . All you have to do is get us access to the food supply . Look , there might be other options . I 'm the first one that wants to rid the planet of these freaks , But with the dome calcifying , we need their help . The dome is calcifying ? Yeah , our little magic bubble here is turning to stone . I mean , it already feels hot as a damn sauna in here . Pretty soon , no fresh air will get through at all . We 're all going to asphyxiate . Unless we let the life forcers bring down the dome With that device thing they 're building . Which means we let the infected get out . More importantly , we get out . It 's not like the aliens are gonna run free . Government 's already set up a perimeter Manned by your company . They 're gonna work on a cure , And , by then , I 'll be in " timbuk-freakin-tu . " You 're welcome to join me , if you 'd like . How long before they finish this device ? Shouldn 't be more than a couple days . Conscripted joe mcalister . Kid 's a pain in the ass , but he 's smart as they come . By the way , you might want to get rid of the special sauce . You don 't want a murder rap on your record when we get out . Trust me . ( liquid pouring ) You 're back . Where have you been ? Are you all right ? Big jim kidnapped me So aktaion could inject me with some bs cure . Something made from your dna . They injected you with something ? It had no effect . If anything , the life force in me is stronger . I killed two aktaion guards before I got back here . I 'm relieved to have you back . We need you for what 's coming . Barbie , as you suspected , Regained his humanity . He kidnapped eva , Held her captive until she gave birth . Are they safe ? Eva served her purpose . Her time is done . What about the baby ? Being prepared to meet her flock . Sam and I started the cocooning process . You and sam ? Shouldn 't you be babysitting joe ? Man : Need some help here . Go . I 'll catch up to you . ( sighs ) ( groans , shudders ) What 's happening to her ? She 's not getting enough oxygen . Looks like there 's a bunch of people who can 't breathe . Why ? The energy we used from the dome to cocoon the queen Sped up its calcification . People are feeling the effects . I feel fine . Well , the elderly will be hit first . Their bodies aren 't as efficient . Pretty soon we 'll all feel it . Heart palpitations , Motor problems , trouble breathing . How do we stop it ? We can 't . Unfortunately , it 's only going to get worse . We need to leave the dome sooner than planned , And we have a lot of work to do before then . Tell me what to do . You and sam help the ill into the beds . I 'll meet you back here in an hour . ( groaning with effort ) Thank god . I was dying here . The heat is rising as the dome hardens . I 'd say we have 24 hours left before it seals up completely . You can 't be serious . How close are you to finishing ? These amethysts will work , But now I need to find a replacement for the egg . Something powerful enough to amplify the tone So the dome can receive them . And what ideas do you have for replacing the egg ? I don 't know . ( sighs ) This is crazy . I 'm a kid . You are one of the smartest , most inventive people I know . You wouldn 't be here If I didn 't believe you could save us . I-I can 't be responsible For whether 2,000 people live or die . Anyone would be overwhelmed thinking that . Think of it as saving your girlfriend . Who you vowed to kill . We 're way past that now . Our priority , like yours , is to get out of here alive . Can we focus on that ? Only if you promise me that norrie will be safe When the dome comes down . You have my word I won 't harm norrie . Close your eyes . Like you did in the alternate reality . The ideas will come . They always have . ( sighs ) ( wry laugh ) I 'm so sorry . I can 't imagine how hard this must be , Seeing someone you love like this . I didn 't love her . I never even knew her . Not the real her . What do you think happened ? That nursing session was like nothing I 've ever seen . The baby didn 't do this . Got it . Barbie ... Look at her eyes . Barbie : That 's hemorrhaging . She was suffocated . Who would do this ? It doesn 't make any sense . Why kill eva ? A newborn needs its mother . So christine said that everybody serves a purpose . Eva 's was to carry The new queen . What if once she gave birth , they didn 't need her anymore ? I 'm not gonna Let christine use my daughter The same way she used me . I 'm gonna find her and I 'm gonna kill her . ( shutter clicks ) Norrie : It 's like watching pre-schoolers Cross the street . Are they always this synchronized ? Even when they 're jumping off roofs . Let 's check in on town hall . We 've checked in on town hall , like , Three times in the past 20 minutes . There 's nothing happening there . Let 's figure out where these zombies are going . Maybe they 'll lead us to christine . What 's that ? Something 's on the dome . What the hell is all over it ? I don 't know , but I 'm gonna find out . ( gasps ) Here you are . Slow and easy . Can you tell me where you are ? You 're the queen ? That 's right . You 're doing just fine . They 're pretty sick . They 're dying . We all are . Even healthy hearts are already in panic mode , Pumping harder to supply oxygen to our brains . The kinship won 't survive until the dome comes down , Not like this . What if we eliminate competition for air ? Reducing the drain On our oxygen supply Ensures that the young and healthy survive To propagate outside the dome . I have one final task to ask of you Before my cycle ends . It might even inform Whom the new queen chooses as her alpha . Anything , christine . Whatever the kinship needs . Take the elderly to the lake . Do what needs to be done . What are you doing here ? Someone could see you . You knew I 'd come back for you . That 's why you hung this on the window , right ? What 's the matter ? Something 's wrong with the dome , joe . I know . It 's calcifying . Christine said we only have a day Before the air supply is cut off . Are we gonna die ? I will get the dome down before then . I promise . How ? The transmitter from the radio station , I can use it to amplify the tones for the device . ( sighs ) it was the last missing piece , But if it works , then ... Then we 'll be sleeping outside the dome Tomorrow night . I 'll get a sleeping bag . ( sighs ) I know this little spot , in westlake park , No one knows about but me . Christine 's never gonna let you leave . As soon as you 're done helping her ... No . She promised . We 'll both go free . And you believe her ? As soon as you 're done building this , Meet me at the old paper mill . I 'll wait for you there . No , you 're not waiting anywhere . I 'm not leaving this dome without you . Promise me . I love you . That counts . Christine : I will be gone By tomorrow . A new world is dawning That many in the kinship Won 't live to see . You will face challenges When the dome is down , But you 'll have my recordings to guide you . And you 'll have your instincts ; trust them . They 'll help you find your alpha And tell you how to fight against the others When they arrive . Our entire race rests on your shoulders . You are our last hope . Good luck , my queen . Any sign of hektor And me killing everybody ? Not yet . Well , you can stand down . I convinced the old man that mass extermination Will screw up his own chance of survival . He 's not an idiot , But I 'll keep an eye on him , just in case . You wipe my file ? I keep my word . Proof , buttercup . Later . ( panting ) where you been ? I talked to joe . He said the dome 's gonna be sealed up by tomorrow . We have to be ready . ( coughs ) for what ? Everyone 's running out of oxygen . We 're all gonna feel it . The more we move around and panic , The more oxygen we use up . We just have to sit tight until joe finishes that device . Is he close ? The final piece he needs is at the radio station . He 's on his way there now . Guys , something 's going down at the cement factory . Norrie : Hey , who is that ? Looks like christine . Barbie ? Julia ? Julia : We 're on our way back . We found something on the drone feed . It looks like christine 's left the cement factory With a ton of guards . Okay , we got to get over there . But we have the umbilical cord . I 'll pick up the cord and take it to bloom . Old ridge road , ten minutes . ( panting ) Move it . You 're holding up the line . Give him a sec . We don 't have a second . He 's sick . I just want to help the kinship . I know you do , arnold . Come here . Let me help you . ( coughs , sniffs ) Get this right to dr . Bloom . We can 't have much time before the dome runs out of air . 24 hours . Norrie 's been sneaking out to see joe . Kid doesn 't finish his device by tomorrow , It 's game over . Barbie : Well , however this thing ends , I 'm gonna make sure christine ain 't here to see it . What she did to my kid ... And yours ... When you kill her , You make sure it ain 't quick . There ain 't no curing these mutants . Come on , boy , we got work to do . It 's time for the final transfer , For my work to end , and yours to begin . I give you my life force . ( indistinct radio chatter ) ( whispering ) : I think someone 's there . ( whispering ) : All right , I got it . N-n-no , stop ! Where the hell 's my baby ? We are ... Moments away ... From the queen 's final transfer . The queen ? Is my daughter in there ? Stop ! Go ! Go , I got her . ( sobs ) Are you ... Crying ? ( cries ) ( crying ) : My god , what have I done ? You destroyed this town and everyone in it . ( sobs ) Where 's my kid ? Sh-she was in the cocoon . I put her there , I swear . What just came out of there , that thing , did it take her ? Barbie : Where did it go ? Where ? ! Julia : Barbie , stop . She 's different , look at her . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . She 's playing us . Tell me where she is , Or I will pull this trigger right now . ( whimpering ) : The thing that came out of the cocoon I think that is your baby . Bloom : The two of you were talking about poisoning people . It was a moment of weakness , never a real plan . Come on , bloom , you know me . Could I do something like that ? You locked patrick walters in a pod And told his daughter he was dead . I have to tell julia what you 're planning . H-hold on . I can 't let you do that . ¶ ¶ What happened ? There 's blood dripping from the ceiling . What 's that ? No , lily . Lily ... ( gasps ) ( gasps ) dr . Bloom ? Oh , god , she was working on a cure , Trying to save people , like my dad . Why would you do this to her ? ! I can 't let the infected get out in the world . Dr. Bloom disagreed . So you murdered her ? ! And now you 're gonna murder the whole town ? ! These people are sick . When we get out of here , the government will quarantine them . Lily , how can you be so naive ? The government will never admit That an alien life force infected u.S. Citizens . Covering that up will be their only agenda . You saw what this infection did to your father . We can 't let others end up like that , lily . You 're not gonna kill the town . You 're gonna kill joe . If he doesn 't complete the device , Then the dome never comes down . The world will be spared . Everyone will die . Us too . You can 't do this , hektor . I have to . I unleashed this plague . I came back here to try to fix things and ... And I failed . All I can do now is contain the damage . Not this way . Joe is innocent . Everyone under this dome is innocent . Believe me , what I have to do , It ... It breaks my heart . Barbie : That couldn 't have been my daughter . She 's less than a day old . What 'd you do to her ? I 'm not sure . I think you 're lying . If you really were human , You 'd remember everything you did while you were infected . I do . I know there was a plan and I was following it , I just can 't remember what it was . Wait . Transferring my knowledge of the life force to the new queen Was to be my final act- - I should be dead . So then why the hell are you still alive ? ! I don 't know ! We interrupted the process . So the transfer was incomplete . You should still retain some of the life force 's agenda , right ? I don 't know . I 'm trying , I-I am trying . Christine : Oh , god , the lake . We 've got to get there now ! Why ? I 've done something terrible . ¶ ¶ What are you doing ? Sacrificing the elderly wasn 't enough . The effects of oxygen deprivation are worsening . We have to protect The most fertile members of the life force . In a few years , these kids will be vitally important . We don 't have years . Christine 's cycle is finished . It 's up to us to make sure A strong kinship awaits our new queen . Help me , or get out of my way . Lily ( muffled ) : Hunter , hunter ! Norrie , help ! In the lab ! Norrie : What happened ? Hektor killed dr . Bloom . He 's going after joe . He thinks he 's saving humanity . What ? He wants to kill the people infected with the life force . Murdering joe before he finishes the device Is the easiest way to do that . No , we have to stop him . Where 's big jim ? He never came back from picking up the cord . Hey , what are you doing ? It 's joe . Lily ( over radio ) : Jim ? Jim , come in . I don 't know what 's gonna be waiting for us When the dome comes down , boy , But we are gonna be ready . Jim , come in . We have a situation . Hektor killed dr . Bloom and he 's on the move . Where are you ? I 'm almost back . What the hell is going on ? Hektor 's gonna stop the dome From coming down . You have to get to the radio station Before he kills joe . Joe ... Oh , the device . Damn it . I didn 't think that s.O.B. Was loony enough to sacrifice himself . Norrie 's heading there now . Hey , listen , you and hunter stay put . I 'll take care of hektor . All right , you stay here . I 'll be back . What ? I think what I need is under here . This is it . ( blows ) The transmitter . And now , if it 's not broken , And the transistors aren 't fried , then ... Julia : Oh , my god . Those are children . I didn 't tell them to do this . Barbie , wait . If you go , junior and sam will fight back And those kids could get hurt . Let me handle it . You caused this . Why should we trust you ? Because they 'll listen to me . You move one inch in the wrong direction And we 're coming after you . If this is all an act , We 're just letting her go out there and finish the job . I don 't see how we have any other options . We just have to wait and see , For the sake of those kids . Sam : Christine ... This isn 't what I instructed . Junior : You trusted us to do what 's best . We made a judgment call to assure our survival . These children are our future . If you can 't see that , there 's a problem . Take them back to town hall , now . Perhaps what happened to you At the hands of the resistance Is affecting you more than you care to admit . I feel fine . I just wanted to help . And you can do that by helping sam Take the children back to town hall . Come here , sweetie . Let 's go home . You are not our queen . Run ! You 're human . I 'm so sorry I did this to you . ( grunts ) ( gasping ) ( grunting ) That little girl almost drowned right in front of me . But she didn 't . You saved her . Let 's go back to the paper mill . We 'll talk her through what she remembers . ( panting ) ... So I 'll raise the transmitter 's signal Until the tones are strong enough For the dome to receive them , And whammo ! Dome unlocked . Town freed . It 's all greek to me , kid . But I like the ending . ( gunshot ) ( grunts ) take cover ! Norrie ! Why was aktaion shooting at me ? It 's a long story . We gotta go , joe . I wish there was another way . ( gunshot ) ( panting ) : You have to let me do this . I 'm saving the world . The world 's better off without you . I-I-I ju ... I just don 't understand . Christine enslaved most of the town and tried to kill us all . Now-now you 're saying that she 's a good guy . Just like that . How do we know the two of you Aren 't life forcing it up ? I was never cocooned . I 'm human , remember ? I wouldn 't have brought christine here If I thought she was dangerous . If I wasn 't certain she was one of us now . Barbie : She 's here to help us find my daughter . Is dr . Bloom still working on the umbilical cord ? When hektor went after joe , It wasn 't just me who tried to stop him . Dr. Bloom did , too . She 's dead . I 'm really sorry . We 're exhausted . Why don 't we take a break ? Then we 'll regroup And go over everything christine remembers About the kinship . Hunter : Yeah . I know there 's no way I can make up for what happened . I can 't believe the things I did . If you knew me , the real me ... However I can help , I 'll do it . I keep blaming christine for everything that happened . But I let her control me . She pulled the strings ... And I marched . You were manipulated By whatever was in those cocoons . Both of you . Other people fought back . I almost killed you . Yeah , I could say that I was infected ... You know ? That-that wasn 't me doing those things . But I was in there , somewhere . And now my child Is paying the price for my weakness . You 're back . You 're you . The man I fell in love with . And we are gonna figure this out together . There 's still hope . If christine can be saved , anyone can . Christine started out human . But my baby ... You were right . Whatever she is She was never human . She 's a monster . There 's no " coming back " for her . ( sighs ) ( sighs heavily ) Eva ? It 's you . You have your father 's eyes . Why are you doing this ? You have something I need . ( grunts ) I 'm the queen now . Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
