 Molly : I went to space on a 13-month solo mission . I didn 't come home alone . The child- - part human , part alien- - Was unlike anything the world had ever seen . My other child is a lifelike android . Mom ? He has become the prototype for a new breed Of thinking machines called humanichs . These two extraordinary new life-forms Now hold the key to earth 's future . But where does that leave us ? Over 99 % of all species That have ever existed have gone extinct . What if it 's our time ? Previously on extant ... ( gasps ) I thought we 'd lost you . ( gasps softly ) Molly : I shed my old life today . ( whirring ) John 's voice : Molly , this is john . A humanich has killed a human being . There 's only one thing that can stop them . The person who has been entrusted with guarding this Is nicholas calderon . Molly , when you died , what did you see ? Molly : You were dying . And I think I killed you . Toby , you 're under arrest . On what charge ? Aiding a known enemy . We 've been playing calderon 's game . He ginned up the hybrid threat To launch a worldwide Humanichs revolution . You need a good lawyer , toby . Shepherd : I am gonna find calderon , And I am gonna take him down . Call molly woods . Toby ? Molly . This is the global security commission , and our job , What we are paid to do , is to protect the people of this planet . And we can 't even protect our own people , Our own damn building . And I have to tell you , I 'm pissed off right now . And if you 're not pissed off , too , you do not belong In this room . If you don 't want revenge for what was done to us , You should walk out that door and never come back . Because I need warriors . Does everyone understand ? Stop nodding your damn head and answer me . Do you understand ? ! All : Yes , ma 'am . Flip to page two of the updated assessment . ( urgent chatter ) Woman : It 's still too early To determine the cause of the blast . Global security commission chief general tobias shepherd Is believed to have been the driver . Now sources say general shepherd fled the gsc After assisting the terrorist cell That attacked its regional headquarters , going as ... ( tv clicks off , remote thuds on table ) Guy finally does something honorable , And of course they get it wrong . It was my fault . He died trying to help me . Molly , don 't do that to yourself . All right ? Shepherd died doing the right thing . ( sniffles ) It 's never gonna be over now . He was our only hope . No , not according to john . We 'll find this calderon guy , And we 'll shut down humanichs ourself with ... Whatever this is . Richter : Molly . What did you do to me ? I 'll send the rest of your stuff as soon as you 're ready , okay ? Don 't be sad , julie . We 'll see each other again . Julie : Of course we will . I love you , rabbit . I love you , too , julie . ( sobs softly ) I think it 's time . For what ? To put the past behind us . You 're always gonna be a part of his life . And mine , too . Fiona : We 've installed delta wave sensors In all 52 states , per your recommendation . Taalr : Very good , madame secretary . Eradication of the hybrid species is essential To the preservation of the human race . About general shepherd 's death . What about it ? Have you reviewed the preliminary reports ? Yes . The explosion appears to have been generated From an outside source . Perhaps the hybrids launched another assault . But why would the hybrids kill toby if he was helping them ? If there 's another player on the board , I need to know . Of course , but this brings up the question Of your own safety , madame secretary . I have adequate security . As did general shepherd . I have a few suggestions , ones you may find unorthodox . Terra ? She 's gone . I knew we shouldn 't have left her here . What is all this ? It 's one of the things that survived the fire . It 's from john 's And calderon 's old office . Our best hope for finding him is in this box . Ethan : Chessboard . Cool . John and calderon worked together ? Yeah . For about seven years . And then they had a huge falling out , And apparently calderon went off the deep end . Richter : So he 's crazy enough To launch the biggest cyber attack in history And genius enough not to get caught . Lethal combination , right ? Male voice : Resuming session with previous opponent . Is that him ? It 's john . Mom ? Somebody 's on the other side Of the board . Slow down . What are you talking about ? John woods embedded a message in ethan Telling us to find his old partner , calderon . Nicholas calderon ? Yes . The message is meant to be triggered If a humanich breaks protocol and kills a human being . It happened . They 're not just killing hybrids . They 're killing humans , too . Lucy : One human . Fiona : Nate malone was a hybrid sympathizer . Thankfully , lucy took action . Your hard work on ethical adaptor algorithms paid off . Can I speak to you alone for a second ? I 've made lucy my head of security . Whatever you have to say to me , You can say in front of her . I know you two have had some misunderstandings . We 're gonna leave all that behind us for the greater good . Are we clear ? Yes , ma 'am . Of course . Good . Since you 're here , I 'm making some changes in the humanichs lab . What kind of changes ? Our allies are placing orders in the thousands . We can 't meet that kind of demand . Not with human workers , no . You 're gonna put humanichs at work in the lab ? Fiona : They don 't get tired , they don 't call in sick . And best of all , they don 't question orders . But ... And if you want to keep your job , Neither should you . Ethan : Do you think it 's him ? Well , whoever it is wants us to know he 's there . Otherwise , why would he keep playing ? He 's sending us a message . John used to send me messages All around the house in binary code . He used to use zeroes and ones . Now , I couldn 't understand it , But I had a program that can decode it . Well , black squares could be ones And white squares could be zeroes . Simple . Yeah , simple . Watch . Richter : What are you saying ? Hi . I thought You didn 't understand this stuff . I didn 't . Before . Richter : What 's he saying ? Ethan : They 're numbers . " three , seven . " Spelling out the word " dot . " Could be coordinates . He 's telling us how to find him . I got it . It 's only 15 miles from here . Let 's go , ethan . You and I are gonna take a little road trip . Whoa , whoa , whoa . What do you mean , " you and I " ? This is one place you can 't go . The hell I can 't . If you go to calderon 's , I 'm scared you 're gonna die . We are talking about the world 's most dangerous man here . You think I 'm gonna let you and ethan Just venture off by yourselves ? Okay , look at this . This is the amulet that I was holding in my dream When I tried to kill you . So what ? Maybe you recognize it from somewhere else . Maybe john had a picture of it . Maybe this is the future , and I saw it . Listen , I am sorry you had this dream , I really am , but let me tell you something about dreams . I have them every night , and you know what ? None of them come true . So , if you 're going , I 'm going , And if you want to do Your weird , glowy-eye thing to stop me ... Knock yourself out . I have lost too many people that I loved , And I am not gonna lose you , too . You 're not gonna . This is my choice . It 's mine . ( elevator bell dings ) ( quietly ) : Hello , and welcome to oceania . I just found out . I mean , they 're talking about accelerated production here . You know how many of these things they could unleash If we don 't find a way to ... ( quietly ) : I saw molly woods . She 's alive ? Where is she ? Trying to track down nicholas calderon . The fugitive ? He may have hijacked lucy and the entire humanichs operation . This is really freakin ' ungood . And now shepherd 's dead . And fiona 's ... No help to us- - we both know that . Just you and me . What do we do ? Lucy told shepherd that she was answering To a higher authority . We need to find out where those orders are coming from And cut off communication . You need to get close to her , charlie . How close ? Close enough to swap out her network card . ( sighs ) ( arguing inaudibly ) Trouble ? Charlie : No . Yeah . I ... I don 't want to talk about it . She doesn 't appreciate you . You were listening ? That 's not really your business . Actually , everything that happens here is my business . I 've been promoted . I 'm head of fiona 's security team . That 's great . W-we should ... Ah , never mind . Forget it . N-no , what ? No , I was gonna say We should celebrate or something . I know they don 't let you out . No . But ... I could volunteer as lab security detail tonight , And we could celebrate ... Here . All right . It 's a date . It is . ¶ ¶ That seems not very helpful . Well , it 's too many digits for a phone number anyway . Richter : You sure these are the right coordinates ? Molly : I 'm sure these are the coordinates he gave us . Look . ( vibrating pulse ) That is the most awesome security fence I 've ever seen . ¶ ¶ Fiona : Nicholas calderon . Taalr : What about him ? Shepherd thought he was the one Behind the attacks here at the gsc , not the hybrids . This morning , julie gelineau brought up his name as well . Calderon disappeared years ago ; trail went cold . I have no new information , madam secretary . I want you to run a continuous deep scan Of networked intelligence agencies . Flag anything and everything related to nicholas calderon . We may not be the only ones looking for him . Stay here . Keep the doors locked No matter what . ( shotgun cocks ) ¶ ¶ ( handcuffs jangling ) Put these on . Put the cuffs on . They 're not alone . If they move ... Come out ! Come out with your hands over your head where I can see them ! Ethan ? Richter : Hey . Richter : We know you killed john woods . Probably killed tobias shepherd , And you hijacked humanichs . We 're here to take it back . Molly : John sent me this Image in a message . I want it . Where is it ? Nothing ? Mute ? Like your friend here ? It 's all right . You don 't have to say anything . How ' bout we jump in my truck , we take a little drive , We 'll find a room at the gsc . Maybe you 'll be open To a little bit more discussion when we get there . I didn 't kill john woods . I wasn 't even sure he was dead until you told me . For all I knew , it was him on the other end of the game . ( chuckles ) That 's a cute little story . Every single lead we have , everything that we have Heard or seen , All roads lead to you , mr . Calderon . Everything you think you know is wrong . Well , enlighten us . Quickly . What do you know about taylor ? ( soft crackling ) Julie : Careful . We only have one chance to track the data coming and going . If she 's connecting To another network , we have to find out . ( sighs ) What 's wrong ? She thinks it 's a date . Great . Charlie , she used you . She blackmailed you . Don 't forget , she 's a killer . Because we made her that way . She was supposed to be like ethan , remember ? She was supposed to have free will . We just took it away and forced a destiny on her . Well , maybe if you had put the damn limiters on When you were supposed to ... Says the woman who wiped a kid 's memory And rushed a bunch of robot soldiers through production Like she was opening up A fast food joint . Julie , wait . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . That 's ... That 's not fair , okay ? You 're right . We 've both done some questionable things . No . You were just keeping to the core ideals , And I was ... I don 't know what the hell I was doing . But we have a chance to make it right here . Together . We don 't have time for sentimentality , charlie . And we don 't have time for regrets . Calderon : We did this presentation Dozens of times when we were looking for funding . Taylor . Threat assessment and algorithmic research . John would say , " imagine the greatest minds " in the world coming together to solve its biggest problem : The threat of human extinction . " Then I 'd jump in . " asteroids , pandemics , Environmental catastrophes . " Oh , we were good . You 'd posit an extinction level scenario . Taylor would recommend a course of action To preserve the greatest percentage of human life . The bigger the problem , the better he got . Millions of decision trees All branching out ... Exponentially . He was sublime . Was ? It wasn 't long before the government came calling . Instead of tsunamis , they posed different questions . Next thing we knew , he was telling us What wars to start , What countries to invade . He wasn 't making recommendations . He was taking actions . I tried to shut him down , But ... He didn 't care for that . Are you saying You were framed for those bombings by a computer ? My husband was on his way To your house the night he died . John knew I had a way to shut them down . A kill switch . Taylor decided to stop him . So taylor killed my husband ? Taylor knew that if john shut down humanichs , The human race was in danger , Because humanichs were the best defense Against the invasion . Richter : If taylor discovered That humans were threatened with extinction ... What would he do ? If he had to kill a billion people To save eight billion , That 's just what he would do . So , the kill switch is the amulet . It is . Unfortunately , it disappeared When the government confiscated my property . I 'm sorry I don 't have better news for you . Now ... ( sighs ) Do you mind ? ( elevator bell dings ) ( gentle french music playing ) What 's all this ? Well , I know you have memories of paris Implanted in your brain , But I wanted you to experience it . As much as you can , anyway . So I got , uh , croissants , I got gruyère cheese , Chocolate , champagne , non-alcoholic . You did this for me ? Why ? To apologize . For what ? For treating you like a machine . Because you are so much more than that . Thank you . Want to know a secret ? I love secrets . I 've been working on a little side project . Something the gsc would never let me do , Because it 's not a military upgrade . What is it ? A neural sensitivity enhancer Designed to give you Even more of the human sensory experience , To heighten your sense of touch . When will it be done ? Well ... I just need a beta tester . Know anyone who might be interested ? There we go . Now you should feel a slight ... Did that feel any different ? No . But I still liked it . I 'll keep working . And we 'll keep testing . ( piano playing " moonlight sonata " ) Calderon : John and I never wanted it to turn out this way . This is the future we dreamed of . Machines teaching machines , Learning the way humans learn . Richter : Wait a second . Are you saying that frankie is a humanich ? A syntiate . My design . There 's a difference . Any why doesn 't she speak ? Some of her parts have worn down , but she gets by . Okay , well , look , it 's been a long day , so ... Listen , you can stay as long as you like . We grow plenty of food , music in the evening , A beautiful pond to skinny dip in . And at least you 'll be safe here . Okay , you have to have another plan up your sleeve , Some way we can stop taylor . In chess , it 's considered poor etiquette To keep playing when it 's hopeless . I have a spare room and a sofa . I 'll leave it to you . ( sighs ) Ethan is powered down for the night . So I ... Think I 'm gonna take the couch . No , no , no , no , I ... I set up my tent . I 'm gonna sleep underneath the stars . I have a confession to make . I feel relieved that the amulet doesn 't exist . I know that sounds crazy . But at least I know you 're gonna be okay . That does sound crazy . But I 'd be lying if I told you I wasn 't more than a little bit creeped out by the whole thing . ( laughs ) But you stayed . Of course I did . Maybe calderon has a point . Maybe we should stop running . Yeah , we could hang out around here and Go skinny-dipping in the pond . Yeah , we could . ( laughs ) ( sighs ) Look , if it is the end of the world , For you , me or for whoever Maybe we should enjoy what time we have left . Even if it is for just one night . ¶ ¶ ¶ ¶ ( mechanical thud ) Where should we go ? Anywhere we want . You choose . Hmm . Mexico . No . That 's too hot . How about montana ? I see you as a cowboy . I do have the boots for it . We could grow our own food . Have fish in a pond . Ride out the apocalypse like calderon and frankie . It 's working for them . Ethan : Mom ! Somebody help ! Help ! Help ! Ethan ! Mom ! Somebody help ! Help ! Stand back . Mom ! Help ! Help me ! Mom ! Help ! Help ! ( gasping ) Ethan . Mom . Are you okay ? ( ethan gasping ) You 're one of them . Come on , let 's get out of here . I wasn 't gonna hurt him . I just wanted a speech translator . Is that why you wanted us to stay here ? No , I ... Frankie hasn 't spoken a word in three years . Not since hers wore down . I couldn 't get one . I couldn 't risk being detected . Well , you didn 't have to attack my son to get it ! Go on , get out . Get out . Come on , ethan . Let 's go . But , mom ... I think I can help . ( computer trilling ) Charlie : Okay , so we 're trying to figure out Who exactly is giving lucy her orders And from where . Julie : Mm-hmm . So I broke down her data into smaller packets . And she can 't detect us ? We 're like people standing on an overpass , Watching cars go by underneath . She has no idea . Perfect . So I pulled this one From the first set of packets . It 's a stream of mac addresses- - All humanichs currently online And connected to the central server . But check this one out . Julie : Finland ? Not so fast . It 's changing . Charlie : Right . Media access addresses don 't change like that . Correct . Hence the ... Julie : What 's happening ? I have no idea . I thought we couldn 't be detected . So did I. I understand . I 'll take care of it . It 's okay . Is this what you 're talking about ? ¶ ¶ Say something . Say something . What the hell is the matter with you ? ( exhales ) If you 're one of them , The humanichs are looking for you , too . Yeah . I didn 't deserve ethan 's kindness , But maybe I can repay it . There is a way to stop the humanichs and taylor . And it could save your life . But it comes at a terrible cost . Taalr : Still no sign of nicholas calderon . And molly woods and the rest of the hybrids Are still at large . Perhaps it 's time You made the public your eyes and ears . Tell them there 's an invasion ? Yes . But we went through all that . That there would be panic , riots . There aren 't enough national guardsmen to maintain control . You don 't need the national guard ; You have humanichs . Humanich soldiers patrolling american streets . Wouldn 't the added security bring your citizens comfort ? For a while , maybe . Over time , they would come to see it as an occupation . Why ? Because it 's human nature to resist control . To want freedom . Isn 't that the nature of all conscious beings ? I suppose so . Hey . Good news . They expedited the approval process To ship out new humanichs . They did ? There are 1,000 in that warehouse going out tomorrow . In 48 hours , they 'll be all over the world . Your handiwork on all seven continents . That 's great . I thought you 'd be pleased . Can 't wait for our next date . Me , too . ( line ringing ) Julie : What 'd you find out ? They 're shipping tomorrow . What ? The humanichs in the warehouse . They 're shipping tomorrow . But they 're not due for weeks . Well , somebody expedited the process . We have to destroy those bodies , And we have to do it now . Hang on , hold on . Let 's just think this through a second . We don 't have time to think it through ! Charlie , if those humanichs go out now , We will never be able to stop them . Can you get your hands on some thermite ? Thermite ? What are you talking about ? Meet me downstairs at the warehouse . We 're gonna melt them down . Every last one . ¶ ¶ Calderon : Albert einstein said he made only one Major mistake in his life . He signed a letter to president roosevelt , Urging the creation of the atomic bomb . When the government took over taylor , John and I started work on a worm , A program that would infiltrate and destroy The base operation that both taylor And the humanichs were built upon . Atm : Welcome . Please move closer for biometric scan . ( atm trilling ) Calderon : We called it " einstein 's regret . " It was either that or ... " zugzwang . " It 's a chess term . When a player has to move , But any move weakens his position . I 'm about to make a move That 's going to weaken my position substantially . Atm : Welcome back , mr . Lasker . It 's been some time since your last visit . Now retrieving contents of box number 45638 . The humanichs . Where did they all go ? Lucy : You 're too late . I believed you . Lucy , please listen . You were playing me . That 's okay . I like games ; I 'm very good at them . In fact , we 're going to play hide and seek . I hid julie ; your turn to go find her . Wait . What ? Hey , where the hell is she ? Ah ! That 's your punishment , charlie . ( chuckles ) : You 're never Going to know . Lucy ... Don 't do this . ( french accent ) : As they say in paris , Au revoir . ( panting ) Help me ! ( muffled ) : Help ! ( pounding ) Help ! Help ... ! All the instructions are inside . I hope you understand There may be nothing or no one Beyond taylor 's reach at this point . Every computer , every self-driving car , Every bit of connected machinery . Thank you . ( sirens approaching ) ( tires screeching ) ( men shouting ) Put your hands up ! ¶ ¶ Ah ! Just let me do it . Molly . No . I 'm gonna throw it in these weeds And we 're just gonna keep driving . How far ? Huh ? They 're gonna find you eventually . There is no future if we keep running . Not for anybody . This ? This is the magic bullet . And we 're gonna use it . No matter what happens . Zugzwang .
