 Abraham : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , Killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest All across the globe animals have decided : " no more . " And so we were hired , A team of people from different backgrounds , With different specialities : An expert in animal behavior , A journalist , Safari guide , Foreign intelligence agent , And a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , Why it 's happening , And how to stop it . Previously on zoo ... ( cub squeals ) ( lions roar ) I think these lions are communicating with each other , Long distance . Are you willing to join me and do something about it ? The global pandemic your father Believed was about to emerge , it has arrived . You work for reiden global . I know the fbi just issued a warrant For your arrest . Give me the mother cell , And I 'll see what I can do about helping you out . The answer 's no . I believe that if we introduce the mother cell Into the dna of a mutated animal , We could possibly synthesize a cure . But we need an animal who has mutated and has not Been exposed to the mother cell . Mitch : Specifically leopards . There are some areas in africa Where there 's no reported reiden activity . Zambia , africa . There is a way to get back to africa . Oh , no , you 're thinking about ray , aren 't you ? Who 's ray ? Raymond joseph endicott . We need to get out of the country . Off the books , Under the radar . How soon do you need to leave ? ( siren wailing ) No ! Chloe ! This one 's all mine . So ... France , huh ? Excuse me ? You 're french ? Yes . Oui . Yeah , I never been . That 's too bad . My wife- - my late wife- - She was always fussing about going . Paris , in particular . Women love paris , don 't they ? What 's so great about paris ? Your friend was lying to you . Shut your hole ! Agent shafer was working for reiden . Don 't use his name . He was lying to you . This is where you stop . This is where you stop or I drive and I find A deep , deep river someplace And I make you stop in an awful way . It-it tarnishes my badge , but I 'll get over it , all right ? Do you know what he was doing in biloxi ? Your friend was on reiden 's payroll . He was working for the company Responsible for the spreading animal problem . The problem that my team is trying to solve . Yeah , I don 't have many friends . I had one . Yeah , and he 's dead . And not only are you scumbums responsible For his death , but now you-you want To besmirch his good name . I 'm gonna crush your team , Starting with jamie campbell . You 're crazy . That 's what rage does to a man . ( engine revving nearby ) ( chloe screams ) ( tires screeching ) ( grunting ) Mitch : I 'm a little envious of chloe right now . Nice air-conditioned cell . My man here in zambia 's the real deal . He 'll have the intel on leopard sightings , And he 'll outfit the lot of us . This is rough bush . We need a lot more than a tranq gun . Thanks , ray . You got it . Look , I 'm with you now and I aim to help , all right ? Because ? Come on , say it for me , sport . Shut up . No , one more time . Honestly , I can 't get enough of it . The sooner we find the leopards , The sooner we save the world . Whew , beautiful . Hello ! Hello ? ( indistinct chatter over tv ) Uh , jackson ? Jamie : What is it ? You might not want to ... Oh , my god ! Well , that explains why they didn 't answer our radio call . Ray : Damn it . This is my guy . Man with the plan . Looks like he put up a good fight though . Jamie : Who would do this ? Mitch : Not who- - what . Those are claw marks . Leopards . This is a slaughter . I mean , they weren 't even feeding . It 's just ... Mitch : Strange . Yeah , " strange " is good . " strange " tells us we 're on the right track . You guys . This is happening in every major continent , Every major city . This is not a coincidence . Man 2 : What would you have us do- - shoot all the zoo animals ? What about farm animals ? Pets ? My point is this is a virus and it 's spreading fast . Man 2 : There is no evidence of a virus . At least they 're starting to pay attention . Which means it 's getting worse . All the more reason for us to get moving . The car outside- - You might find some keys on those bodies over there . Are you serious ? ( sighs ) They used all our ammo in the fight . Now all we got is this tranq gun . All right , let 's do what we came here to do . ( grunting ) ( chloe shouts in french ) ( chloe panting ) ( door closes ) ( girls singing ) ( singing continues ) I 'll find out what 's happening . ( speaking in swahili ) These leopards we 're after- - You think they started mutating before the other animals ? According to our research , yeah . I buy that . Africa is the birthplace of civilization . Every great evolutionary leap started here . ( speaking swahili ) Chui . Chui ! Ah , chui . ( engine starts , singing continues ) So , let me guess . Chui means " leopards " ? He said that we should turn back . He said that last night leopards came into their farm And dragged away 12 people . Where 's their farm ? Hand me that map . ( sighs ) Up here . All right , so this Is where he said their farm is . This is where the leopards attacked a few days ago . And this is where the airport is . Jamie : It 's totally random . Yeah , you 'd think they 'd move in a clear direction . Yeah , unless ... Random is part of their plan . When an army wants to take an area , They attack in a haphazard fashion . Causes fear . Rumors of their next attack frightens people enough For them to leave even before the army arrives . Wait , what are you telling me , That leopards are using military strategy ? Mitch : It 's possible . They 're working as a group . Means they 're thinking as a group . Well , glad we don 't have any real guns then . Uh , if the attacks are random , How are we gonna know where to look for them ? I have a feeling the leopards are going to find us . ( door opens ) ( chloe panting ) ( whimpers softly ) Bonjour , miss tousignant . ( whispers ) : Alves ? Trust me , nobody knows where you are . No one is coming to rescue you . So how long you are here , That 's entirely up to you . Oh , la , la . I told them " be gentle . " ( clicks tongue ) ( door opens ) You were trained by the dgse to withstand interrogation . But included in that training Was the knowledge that , at a certain point , Even the best agent will break . So why not save us both the trouble And tell me what I want to know ? Where are the rest of your team ? I 'm not gonna tell you anything . As an intelligence analyst , I thought you would be a little more intelligent . Hmm ? They 're presently trying to clean up a mess you made . Perhaps you should let them be . They are the mess we made . They need cleaning up . ( latches clicking ) You can try to hurt me as much as you wish . It 'll do you no good . You are now displaying Your naiveté as to how things work . I 'm not going to hurt you . Mitch : What is that ? Hanging in that tree ? ( engine stops ) The leopards . Judging from these prints I 'd say a group of about eight or so . I 've never seen animals do anything like this to humans . ( flies buzzing ) We have . Jackson : Hey , these prints Can 't be more than a few hours old . That means we 're getting closer to the leopards . Their den may be around here . Closer ? You want to get closer ? That suddenly sounds like a really bad idea . We want to find the cure , right ? Let 's go find Those leopards . You know , that scent 's gonna scare away The very leopards you 're trying to catch . There 's lots of dangerous animals out here , Not just leopards . Better to be safe . Didn 't your father ever take you camping ? I grew up on a farm . Why would I go camping ? What 's your excuse ? Nobody ever took me camping . Would you want to be stuck in a tent with moody teenage mitch ? Fair enough . Hey , no offense , but , uh , I would 've had this thing up About 20 minutes ago . It 's all yours . Excuse me . That 's annoying . Well , we all got different skills , don 't we , professor ? Yours is imparting wisdom , Advancing science . Mine is saving the animals . All right , there you go . Thank you . Maybe you can help me with something now . See , all this doesn 't make sense to me . Assuming your plan works , Assuming you actually catch a live leopard , You shake up a cocktail of their stem cells And a chunk of the mother cell You got tucked away in your handy little Man bag there . Then what , hmm ? Poof . All the animals are cured ? That 's a little reductive , but , yeah , That is the hope . Once we administer the cure ... See , that 's my point . How do you suppose you 're gonna administer the cure , huh ? What , a-a garden hose ? We are talking about every critter in the world , right ? ( quiet growling , leaves rustling ) Well , what we do here Is we take things one step at a time . So first we need to find a cure . Then we 'll worry about how to deliver it . Okay ? ( insects trilling ) Six tranq darts . I hope ray is as good a shot as he says he is . He is . Much as it pains me to say it . ( bird calling in distance ) I used to love the sound of nature . ( animals calling in distance ) This is not how the bush should sound . Before , it was something beautiful . Now it 's something entirely different . ¶ bonse aba ¶ ¶ mu pokelela ¶ ¶ ba lipele maka ¶ ¶ akuba bana . ¶ That 's what those farm kids were singing today . It 's a very old song . I used to sing it with my brothers . I didn 't know you had brothers . Not anymore . I used to sing clem to sleep when she was a baby . ( hoarsely , off-key ) : ¶ oh , my darlin ' ¶ ¶ oh , my darlin ' ¶ ¶ oh , my darlin ' clementine ... ¶ If the ububa leaves Don 't keep the animals away , I 'm sure your singing will . ( both laugh ) ( brush crunching ) Oh . Easy , cowboy . I 'm just gonna go pee . Well , sneak up on us a little bit louder next time , okay ? Give us some warning . Okay . Can I have the tranq gun ? Okay , but be careful . There 's only a few rounds left . Uh , here . Let me ... Go with you . To hold the gun , because you can 't while you ... Come on . ( animals calling in distance ) Okay . That 's far enough . Here . Stay here . ( soft growling ) I don 't want to rush you , but , um , You done yet ? I can 't go . What ? Why not ? I can 't pee when there are people around . I 'm ten feet away from you , in the dark , in a jungle . I can still see you . Move further away . Keep going . How 's this ? ( leaves rustling ) ( soft growling ) ( leaves rustling ) ( quietly ) : Do you hear that ? Pee faster . How do you do that even ? ( soft growling ) Where 's mitch ? He 's escorting jamie to pee . ( howling in distance ) It 's not your watch for another hour . Couldn 't sleep . I 'm sure she 's fine , jackson . I 'm sure she 's fine , too . And when we return home with the cure , We 'll set everything straight . We 'll be heroes . I never cared to be a hero . I just wanted a ... Quiet , simple life . Which is what we had . Yes , we did . So how in the hell did we let all this happen to us ? Anyway ... I 'm sure she 's fine . Do you recognize this apartment ? Don 't do this . Good . She has nothing to do with any of this . Watch the screen , please . That is tomas . He is dreadful . He prides himself on it . The feed is live , of course , And we are expecting your sister to come any moment . I know . It 's terrible . And yet wildly effective , no ? She should be on the metro about now On her way home from work . Fine . As you know , my sister betrayed me . With my fiancé . Perhaps I will enjoy this a little . I suspected you would attempt that tact . But I can assure you , no one- - Not the lowest scum of the earth- - Deserves the pain tomas is capable of serving up . Jackson : Hey , wake up . What is it ? There 's something out there . Just saw something zip by . Throw me that box of tranq darts , will you ? If it is a leopard , I can handle it . Ray . You stay here . We 're safer together . Right . I got this . ( leaves rustling ) ( animal howling in distance ) ( animal hooting in distance ) Nothing there . Looks like we live to die another day . ( leopard roaring ) ray ! ( growling ) ( roaring ) Oh , my god . Hey , man , look out . ( roaring continues ) Jamie ... Those glow sticks you have . What ? Your glow sticks . Bring ' em here . Mitch , behind you . ( snarling ) Hah ! ( hisses ) Oh , my god . Come on , let 's go . Go ? Go where ? I tagged one of the leopards with a glow stick . We can track it . Where are the keys ? Jackson , ray had the tranq gun . We don 't have any weapons . We need a plan ! We have a plan , okay ? This is it . We follow the leopards . That 's our best chance . What else you guys want to do ? You want to stay here And wait for them to come back ? Come on . Hey , right up there . Up ahead , on the right . We 're on the right track . Maybe somebody should say something about him . Ray . I mean ... Nobody should die without words being spoken , right ? ( sighs ) Ray was ... Obnoxious , loud and stubborn . But he was passionate . And he cared more about animals on this earth Than any man I 've ever met . Looks like the trail 's run out . We lost him . Mitch : Okay ... Team . What now ? Jackson : Let 's make camp for the night . We can pick up the trail when it gets light out . ( doorknob rattles ) Ah . She 's home early . ( nathalie screams ) No ! ( screaming ) ( glass shatters ) ( screaming continues ) Please , no ! ( shrieks ) I will kill you . I know that you would . But right now , the only way to help poor nathalie Is if you tell me where the rest of your team is . ( line ringing ) Put it to her ear . Say it . Say it . Nathalie : No ! No , no . ( sobbing ) Keep going . ( nathalie screams ) ( birds squawking ) Abraham : We lost the tranq gun , so we 'll make our own . It 's not quite ketamine , but it should do the trick . The locals have used the root For hundreds of years to get drunk , So hopefully it 's enough to knock out a leopard . That 's the most disgusting thing I ever smelled in my life . Mitch : Okay . Whoa , easy . You sure about that ? It 's for science . ( groans ) Mm . Tingles . Hope it does more than that to the leopard . Jackson : Stop the truck . Right up there . You see those trees ? With the rocks . The rocks along the base . Yes . Looks like their den . ( grunts ) If we can isolate one leopard from the group , We may have a chance . What if we can 't ? You ready ? After you . If they don 't come back ... Yeah , let 's just ... Not think about that . These tracks are fresh . They 're leading away from the den . Well , if they 've gone out for a hunt , They won 't be back till nightfall . We can watch from the car until they return . Or we can wait right here . All right ? If the first one comes back alone , We 'll surprise it . What ? Ray didn 't have to die . What 's that supposed to mean ? Ray didn 't have to die . We should have had a better plan . No , actually , we should have had any plan at all . You think I 've been reckless ? I know , you 've already said that . But no one 's coming up with any better ideas . That 's because you didn 't let them . Man , that 's ... Look , I don 't want any more of your excuses . And I 'm not questioning your motives , But if there 's no one left alive to help you ... ( soft growling ) That 's a female . They must have left her alone . If that 's the case , Then maybe she has a cub inside the den . A cub would be a lot easier to deal with than an adult . Abraham : But if she does have a cub , She 'll only be gone for a moment . ¶ ¶ ( twig snaps , leaves rustling ) ( mewling nearby ) ( mewling ) ( leaves rustling ) ( mewling ) The cub . Let 's go make the cure . ( chuckles ) ¶ ¶ ( sighs ) What happened to the bridge ? The rope 's been chewed . We 're going to have to drive The long way around the river . If we drive the long way around the river , We have to drive through the ndube army 's territory . Jamie : The ndube army ? I 'm guessing that 's not a real army , right ? Far from it . Think of a african hells angels . Except instead of motorcycles and leather jackets , They have rifles and machetes . There 's no other way . Course there isn 't . Mitch : Hey , we sure this is the best plan ? I mean , maybe we should just drive fast , Get the hell through here , And not worry about the engine noise . Abraham : No . We should stay quiet . ( phone ringing ) What is that ? It 's chloe 's phone . Must 've left it in my pack . ( ringing continues ) Hello ? Man : Who is this ? This is jackson oz . I 'm a friend of chloe 's . Who is this ? My name is pascal cransac . I work with chloe at the dgse . If you know where she is , You need to tell me right away . She 's been arrested . She 's fine though . She 's safe . She 's ... She 's in fbi custody . No , she 's not . What do you mean ? How do you know that ? Because it 's my job . The fbi agent who was escorting her Back to new york city was found dead On the side of the road , murdered . Now chloe 's missing . What 's going on ? So now she 's wanted For the murder of a second federal agent . She didn 't kill that agent . I know that and you know that , But whoever did do the killing ... Has chloe . If you hear anything from her , please call me on this number . Yes , I-I will . Of course . You do the same . What is it ? That fed , brannigan- - he was killed . Reiden . It had to be reiden . If that is the case , Then what have they done with chloe ? ( nathalie sobbing over speakers ) Nathalie : No ! ( sobbing continues ) Oh , this is good . ( clears throat ) You 're going to enjoy this . ( electrical buzzing , nathalie screaming ) ( buzzing stops , nathalie sobbing ) ( electrical buzzing resumes , nathalie screaming ) Okay . Stop ! I 'll tell you , but just make him stop right now . You first . ( nathalie sobbing quietly ) ( sniffles ) They 're in india . A small town in rajasthan . Why india ? Nathalie : No , no , no ... They 're looking for A specific group of leopards , Unaffected by reiden chemicals . You 've poisoned the animals everywhere , but not there . Thank you . ( nathalie screams ) Now tell him to get the hell away from my sister . If you 're lying to me , your sister dies . They 're in india . ( nathalie sobbing ) ( soldiers shouting ) ( soldiers speaking swahili ) ( speaking swahili ) ( abraham speaking swahili ) ( soldier speaks swahili ) ( whispers ) : What is he saying ? I have no idea . ( speaking swahili ) ( shouts in swahili ) Jackson : No , no , no ! Jamie : Jackson ! No . Don 't hurt him . All right ? Take me . Take me . Don 't hurt him . It 's okay . They 're not going to hurt me . They think we have money or ... Or that we are worth money . Who would want to pay for us ? We know that , but they don 't . What do we do ? We have no guns , we have no money , We have nothing . We have him . What are we gonna do , sic a kitten on them ? The needle on abe 's spear- - hand it to me . ( mewling ) ( soldiers shouting ) hey , what are you doing ? What are you doing ? No ! No ! Jamie ! Jamie : No ! No ! No ! ( grunts ) ( soldiers speaking swahili ) What do we do ? I don 't know yet . They 're not taking jamie for ransom . No . Jackson : If we get an opening , You take out the driver , we 'll get jamie . We just need a diversion . ( soldiers speaking swahili ) ( growling nearby ) ( roaring ) ( man screaming ) ( gunfire , soldiers shouting ) ( leopard roars ) Jamie ! Come on ! Come on , come on ! ( soldier screams ) ( soldier screams ) go ! Come on ! It worked . ( gunfire continues ) ( door opens , closes ) ( sighs ) You lied to me . I did not . I checked all the flights into india ; Your friends were not on any of them . They 're fugitives ; they cannot travel commercial . We paid for passage on a cargo plane . There were three undocumented planes that landed in rajasthan In the last 24 hours- - I checked them , too . Perhaps they changed their plan . No , they 're sticking to their plan ; It 's just not the one you told me . And now your sister Will die because of a useless lie . You will not kill her . Mm-hmm . You can 't . ( chuckles ) Because if you do , you will have no leverage with me , And I 'm never gonna tell you what it is you need to know . You 're right , of course . Take her left hand . Uh , use the dullest blade you have . I 'll come back in ten minutes . Perhaps you will have changed your mind by then , Before we move on to nathalie 's right hand . ( door closes ) That was great what you did back there . What ? What you did with the cub . What are you talking about ? Mitch stuck the cub with a needle . His pain sent a distress call . It was just like the lions in l.A. They communicate over long distances . Oh , that was you ! Yeah , I just put their newfound mutation to good use . This little guy saved our lives . ( mewls ) We did it , rafiki . Ah , man , you saved my life . I think ... What ... What happened ? It 's okay . What-what happened ? ! Jamie : Oh , my god ! Jackson , you 've been shot ! Let me see , let me see . My god . All right , here . Keep that over the wound . Press down , press down . Oh , my ... We got to get him to a hospital . Hold on , rafiki . Hold on . You are going to make it , rafiki . Hold on . ( crying ) : Oh , no , no , no , no , no . ( door opens ) ( silenced gunshot ) ( chloe panting ) Listen to me carefully . We don 't have much time . I 'm on your side . Things were never supposed to happen like this . It got out of control . I want ... I need to help fix this . Let me help you . Tell me where jackson and the others are . Tell me , so we can help them . This is another trick to get me to talk . No , it 's not . But I 'm risking everything to be here . I need to know you 'll trust me . ( pounding on door ) Gaspard : Open up ! Chloe , look at me . Look in my eyes . You 're good at this . Look at me and decide If I 'm telling you the truth . Gaspard : Unlock this door now ! ( gunshot ) Delavane : What 's it gonna be ? Shoot that bastard dead , then maybe we 'll talk . ( silenced gunshot ) We need to go . M-my ... My sister , You have to help her . You have ... I already have . ( man speaking french ) Delavane : They 'll take her to the hospital . We can call from the road . If you 're lying to me , I will kill you . They 're in zambia . Let 's go finish what we began .
