 - Previously on " defiance " ... - This is our family . Once we have repowered our ship , we will wake them up . We will conquer the earth and enslave you all . We will feed upon your delicate flesh In a glorious dread harvest . - Stay close to your wife . Keep a weapon close at hand and guard her . - From who ? Your daughter ? - I am searching for her . I will come and tell you when stahma is safe . [ both speaking native language ] - You 're going to help me hunt . - What is that ? - A control stem . It keeps you shape-takers obedient . - [ gasps , screams ] - She killed tommy ! - A machine killed tommy . - You 're scaring me . - Don 't ! [ shouts ] - Nolan was delusional . He has our tech in his brain . - You gonna let them take me to south america ? - Don 't want to . - You need to . [ exhales deeply ] [ clatter ] [ woman grunting , clatter ] - Oh . If anyone was gonna survive something like this , Figures it 'd be you . - Berlin ? Berlin ! - [ exhales deeply ] It 's pretty ugly out there . There 's a lot of bodies and blood , But i didn 't see nolan . Do you have any idea what happened to him ? - Someone took him , but he 's alive . I can feel him . - You can feel him ? - In my head . - Okay . Hang on . When i say go , You squirm out as fast as you can , got it ? - Do it . - Go ! - [ grunting ] What are you doing out in the badlands ? - I was headed back to defiance . I heard about nolan shooting the vice-chancellor , And i thought amanda could use my help . Is it true ? Did he shoot her ? - He wasn 't in his right mind . - Oh . Runs in the family . There are three dead raiders out there . Was it an attack ? - I 'm not sure . The convoy was on the road just a few hours , Headed towards brazil . Everything was quiet , and then ... - Why the chup are we stopped ? [ man speaking native language over radio ] - You still see him , don 't you ? - Yep . Not for much longer , though . - And that 's when it started . [ gunfire ] - Get down ! - What is it ? - I don 't know . [ explosion ] - Nolan ? [ gasping ] [ breathing heavily ] Nolan ? Nolan ! Just like that , he was gone . - Well , we 'll find him . - Thanks for not walking away . - You mean not walking away again ? - Yeah . That 's what i mean . - You 're welcome . - He 'll be here . - It 's been many hours . - He promised to come when it 's safe . - Well , clearly it 's not safe . It 's possible t 'evgin Has decided he values the flesh of his own flesh above yours . - He would not betray me , not to her . - Then perhaps kindzi has killed him . We should ask her when she arrives , Which i imagine will be soon . - You 're trying to upset me . - Yes , well , i 'm bored . I have to pass the time somehow . [ exhales deeply ] - I do not love t 'evgin . - I don 't recall asking if you did . - But you wanted to . It 's why you 're acting so horrid . - It 's not an act . - The enchanter took me in , Provided protection when i was alone and frightened . He is decent , Honorable . - Since when do you find that attractive ? - T 'evgin is worthy of my respect ... My affection . But my heart ... That is reserved for you ... Always . - It 's your play , dear . - [ gasping ] What have you done to me ? - You 're stronger than any other omec , Stronger than me , Strong enough to break these chains . Draining your blood keeps that powerful body of yours occupied . It keeps you weak . - You should just kill me . - Kill you ? No . [ speaking native language ] - Ransom . It 's the only motive that makes sense . - How do you figure ? - Well , nolan killed the vice-chancellor , right ? Raiders attack the caravan , kidnap the assassin , And then sell him back to the votanis collective . - That 's a dumb plan . - [ scoffs ] Okay , if you don 't like my theory , give me another one . - Wait . - What ? - These wounds- - i 've seen them before . - Looks like a bite mark . - In defiance , we had animal attacks That looked a lot like these . - I have never heard of raiders using animals . - These bodies were planted . - By who ? - The omec . - Why would they do that ? - I don 't know . - How is he ? - Sedated . He 'll be fine once the meds wear off . - What about the hardware in his head ? - You mean the arktech ? - It 's a pollutant . I want it out . - Removing it could kill him . - Are you disobeying a command ? - Well , that 's not really an option , now , is it ? Why did you attack that caravan ? I mean , why bring him back here ? - I have chosen this human as my hiakim , my pet . - Why him ? - Look at him- - such noble bearing ... So proud . I find him quite beautiful , don 't you ? - Not really my gender . - He was kind to me when the human mayor shot me . He gave me a coat for warmth . I cannot allow the votanis collective To take him and kill him . - But you 're fine If i kill him on this operating table right now ? - He is no good to me broken . - May i speak freely ? - What ? - I think it 's you that 's broken . I don 't know if it 's a result of a trauma Or if you 're just a born sociopath , But there 's a screw loose in that head of yours . And you know i have a higher tolerance For cruelty than most folks , but ... What you did to your father ... It 's sick . You make me sick , and that 's the truth . - Get out . - You need me to do the surgery . - I will do it myself . Go back to defiance and continue your collecting . - You don 't know what you 're doing . - Now . - Yes , boss . Whatever you say . Good-bye , nolan . [ machinery whirring ] - Aah ! [ groaning ] - [ gasps ] - [ groans ] [ machinery beeping ] - [ grunts softly ] [ machinery whirring ] [ breathing heavily ] Something 's happened . - Tell me about it . - No . No , i can 't feel nolan anymore . He 's gone . [ soft thud ] - [ gasps ] - Hi . - Kindzi ? - Here , drink . - Mm . [ grunts ] Mm . Where 's irisa ? - Back in defiance ... Telling everyone you were killed in a raider attack . The night you were locked up , Irisa came to my father in tears . She begged us to help her rescue you . Together , we came up with a plan . - So , the attack was- - - A necessary deception . - Was--was anyone killed ? - Don 't blame your daughter for that . Blame me . - Oh , no . - The votanis collective murdered our people . I will not apologize for killing them . - No , it 's okay . That 's f--fair enough . I 've done worse myself . So is there a plan ? - You and i will travel to rancor flats . - And irisa ? - Irisa will join us once she 's satisfied The votanis collective believes her story . - Okay , so ... So the raiders are blamed for the attack on the convoy , Defiance is safe ... A manageable plan . What did you do to me ? - I removed the metal from your head . - No . No , doc tried that . She said it couldn 't be done . - I am omec . Nothing is impossible . - What about irisa ? Was she okay when you took the arktech out ? - Yes , as are you . - You took a big risk for us . Thank you . May i ask why ? - We hate the votanis collective as much as you do . Now relax . - [ grunts ] - There 's nothing more to worry about . You 're safe . You 're healthy . And you 're free . - For now . - Shh . You 've been fighting for everyone else for so long , Taking care of everyone but yourself . Now let someone else take care of you . I like how you shot that castithan politician . It reminded me of my father , How he used to be- - Dangerous , strong , brutal . - Well , for the record , i 'm not proud of myself For shooting the vice-chancellor . I wasn 't myself . - Oh ? - The arktech in my head made me delusional . - What kind of delusions ? - Uh ... I saw myself ... Outside myself ... As a soldier , And all i knew was killing . - A shadow of yourself . Our warrior echo . - This happen to you people so much , you have a name for it ? - It 's a feeling , an instinct . How when everything in your head tells you no , Your t 'ovik nilusii says yes . - And was it your warrior echo That told you to kill all those votans in the raid ? - You 're judging me . - No , no , no . I 'm just concerned about irisa . She must have been upset when you started dropping bodies . - Yes , at first . And then she understood the necessity . - Yeah , well ... Kid 's nothing if not practical . [ chuckles ] Hey , uh , i 'd love to talk to her . You got a hailer here ? - The drones disrupt the hailer signal . You can talk to her later . - Yeah , when we get to rancor flats , you told me . - Irisa puts her love for you above anything else . She is a good daughter . You should be proud of her . - I am . I 'm starving . - I know how to make pancakes . - No , no , no . I got this . I do . You sure you don 't want anything ? - Nope . - I make a mean grilled cheese sandwich . [ chuckles ] The trick is to butter both sides of the bread . Ugh ! - [ speaking native language ] I will return soon . I want two of you stationed on the roof , two at the front door , And two with my wife at all times . Protect her with your life , if necessary . - [ chuckles ] - Have i said something particularly entertaining ? - Look , vizu , Your money 's good enough for me to stand out front With a big gun to scare people away , But if shtak gets serious ... No way i 'm dying for a house full of traitors . - We know who killed raiga and the rest of your old crew . Can 't prove it , but it was you , boss . - How about it ? You want us to leave ? - If and when the time comes , I am confident you will do the right thing . If you do not , This conversation will continue and conclude . Take your posts . - You cannot leave us with them . - Doc yewll isn 't answering her hailer . I have to go find her . - But t 'evgin- - - For all we know , t 'evgin 's on his daughter 's side , And he 's damn near impossible to kill , remember ? If anyone knows how to kill a mature omec , it 's yewll . - These men will betray us the first chance they get . - They 're the best i could pull together . We 're not exactly popular these days . - Give me a gun . - Don 't be ridiculous . - I 'll fight for you , favi ... Die defending you , if necessary . - Safety 's on the side . I 'll be back soon . Look after her . - [ grunting ] Where are we ? - [ sniffs ] Old st . Louis ? - Someplace private . - Where 's irisa ? For real this time . - Back at the convoy , pinned under some metal . If she 's not dead , she will be soon . - [ grunting ] - Does that information upset you ? - Yeah . - Good , because you 've upset me . - [ chuckles ] Why ? ' cause i don 't like being lied to ? 'cause i don 't want to be lunch ? [ buttons clatter ] [ sniffs ] I would have cared for you . During the dread harvest , You would have been protected and favored . - [ grunts , breathing heavily ] - You would have had the highest ranking amongst the slaves ... Never going hungry , never wanting for anything . - It 's a great story , but it wouldn 't have ended well . - You would have lived out your life span And had an honorable death . - But now ? - [ chuckles ] Now you 're just food . [ alarm sounding ] - What 's that ? We got company up above ? - If the omec did take nolan , They killed a lot of people doing it . - Hello , nolan 's daughter . Lawkeeper . - We know you attacked the convoy And tried to pin it on raiders . - Are you here to arrest me ? - I just want nolan . - I imagine he 's with my father . - Where ? - Out in the badlands somewhere , escaping votan justice . - Are you saying t 'evgin attacked the convoy ? - The votanis collective slaughtered our people . When nolan killed their vice-chancellor , It pleased my father . He took it upon himself to rescue nolan From our common enemy . My father has a soft spot for the lesser races , But i still think you 're animals . You don 't believe what i 'm saying , Have a look around . - We will . [ nolan grunting , metal rattling ] - Ugh ! - I 've searched the roof and the adjacent buildings . - Any luck in the mines ? - No . - Those tunnels go on forever . It 'll take days to search them all . - We don 't have that kind of time . Do you have a hailer ? - No . - Mine isn 't working . We need to warn amanda that the v.C. Convoy was hit . - I 'm not leaving . - Did you ever consider That kindzi might be telling the truth ? - I don 't trust her . - Me neither . Doesn 't necessarily mean she 's lying . - Lawkeeper ... Help me . - What kind of freak show you people building down here ? - It 's my daughter 's doing . - What 's her endgame ? - War . It 's what i promised her . When the votanis collective destroyed our fleet , Kindzi and i were lost . We knew the shape-takers Had found a suitable planet to colonize . We just didn 't know where it was . We drifted aimlessly through space , Searching for any signal that would lead us To the votan arks or their destination . - Earth . - We didn 't know to call it that , but , yes . - [ gasps ] Throughout the long journey , Hate kept me alive ... Focused . Kindzi learned hatred from watching me . I taught it to my daughter . Fantasies of revenge told as bedtime stories Night after night , year after year . - Probably kept her going , right ? Kept her alive ? - But at what cost ? - There 's always a trade-off , isn 't there ? - I 'm afraid i 've been a bad father . - [ chuckles ] not alone there , pal . - Take these back to your post . You 're very talented . - Thank you . Do you weave ? - I 've never really tried . - Sit beside me . For now , just practice looping the thread ... Like this . - I could make a bonnet for luke . - Aren 't you ambitious . How is the little one doing ? - He 's crawling now , Starting to talk . - And alak ? - He 's so good with the baby , Though he still struggles with the diapers . He doesn 't put the pins in tightly enough . I 've shown him over and over , but he still doesn 't learn . - Perhaps he enjoys being taught . [ chuckles ] What is it , andina ? Speak your mind . - I love spending this time together ... Feeling this close to you and your family , but ... I 'm not stupid . I know it can 't last . - What can 't last ? - Oh , you are shanje . I 'm a handmaiden . Soon enough , this crisis will pass , And everything will go back to the way it used to be . It 's just nature . - It is possible to elevate one 's station through marriage . It 's one of the more savory aspects Of our shared culture . Hold your hand like this . - Hmm . Thank you . - When christie died ... Poor little luke suffered an unimaginable loss . You stepped in . You took care of him . - I 've done my best . - I know . My son has needs too . - What are you saying ? - Just idle talk with a trusted friend . [ chuckles ] promise that will never change . - I think , in time , with me whispering in his ear , I might persuade alak to forgive you . - And the baby ? - I can bring him here in secret . - That would be quite a kindness . - And perhaps one day , When i 've married into the shanje ... We can drink tea as equals . - You have quite a knack for this . I 'm impressed . - [ chuckles ] Did conrad von bach kick you to the curb ? - I came to help . - Well , i don 't need help , Especially from you . - No , i think you do . Nolan never made it to brazil . - Where 's irisa now ? - She stayed behind hoping kindzi would lead her to nolan . What are you doing ? I can 't help you If you don 't tell me what the hell you 're doing . - [ sighs ] protecting the town . - By going through laundry ? - If kindzi 's fake raider attack didn 't fool you and irisa , What makes you think it 's gonna fool the v.C. ? - Okay , good point . - They 'll start counting bodies And notice that nolan and irisa are missing . - And blame defiance . - Human mayor ... Sympathetic to the butcher of yosemite . It 'll give the v.C. Hardliners every reason to attack , Unless , of course ... Nolan and irisa die tragically in the attack . - Hmm . - I 've been looking for you everywhere . - Well , i haven 't been everywhere . - I need to find the best way to kill an omec . I know the daughter can be stopped by a bullet , But i 've been told t 'evgin poses more of a- - Is that blood ? - Patient died on me . - Died of what ? - A new strain of hemorrhagic fever . - Are castithans- - - everyone is susceptible , And believe me , this is one nasty bug . You die , bleeding from your eyes ... Your ears ... Everywhere . If it spreads , The omec will be the least of your worries . - What 's that ? - A vaccine . I don 't have enough for everyone , So we need to keep this on the down-low . We can 't afford a panic . - Other arm . - Put your gun down , sweetie . - Stahma will need a dose ... And alak and luke . You make sure it gets- - - I 'll get around to all of them eventually . The omec will make sure of that . - I would never have been able to drag these corpses Out here by myself . - Like i said , i 'm here to help . - How long you sticking around ? - As long as you need me . Conrad understands . - I missed you . - Same here . - Now we 're ... Finally starting to get somewhere . Okay . Let 's get this bad boy- - - Kindzi ! [ speaking native language ] - All right ... Time to eat . [ snarling ] - Get away from him ! [ gunshots ] - If you let them leave , They will return with weapons and kill me And maybe you too . I spared you because i love you . Join me . Pick up that ax . Protect your daughter , your blood . Kill them both , and then we will ... [ speaking native language ] - This is not your fight . Go . She won 't be able to hurt me . - I don 't know , father . You 've lost a lot of blood . - [ groans ] - [ snarling ] - If you 're gonna fight me , do so with honor , Not in your ... - We got to help him . - No , nolan , we haven 't got any weapons . We need reinforcements . - You underestimate me , daughter . You have broken my heart . - Please , father , forgive me . I 'll do whatever you say . - You will return to the sleep pod . - Yes . - You will remain there . - Of course . - And you will never ... Disobey my commands again . - Never . - Swear it ... On the lives of our brothers and sisters . - I do . I promise . - [ speaking native language ] [ gasps ] - [ speaking native language ] - We got to get help . - Let 's go . - Aah ! [ sobbing ] [ t 'evgin speaking native language ] - [ speaking native language ] [ indistinct radio transmission ] - ¶ rockin ' robin ¶ - ¶ tweet , tweedle-lee-dee ¶ - Rockin ' ... Robin ? - ¶ rockin ' robin ¶ - ¶ tweet , tweedle-lee-dee ¶ [ both hissing happily ] - ¶ go , rockin ' robin ¶ ¶ ' cause we 're really gonna rock tonight ¶ - ¶ tweet , tweedle-lee-dee ¶ - [ gasps ] [ singing in native language ] [ speaking native language ] [ clicks tongue ] [ clicks tongue ] I am speaking to you in the language of this new world . It is time to awaken And seize the world we were long ago promised . We must celebrate Our divine right over all others , For it is their flesh that sustains ours . - [ gasping ] It is time for our dread harvest , Our moment to rise and conquer . - [ grunting ] [ woman whimpering ]
