 [ Electricity crackling ] [ Helicopter blades whirring ] [ Sirens wail in distance ] [ Explosion in distance ] [ Sirens wail ] [ Gasping ] Man : Did you see what he did ? ! Whoa ! - [ Tires screech ] - Hey ! Sorry . I ... I 'm sorry . [ Panting ] [ Screams ] [ Panting ] I 'm sorry . I don 't know what 's happening to me . I 'm just trying to get to the hospital ! Please ! - Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! - [ Tires screeching ] Hands in the air ! Now ! We have the alien threat surrounded . 5th , between pike and union . He 's in our sights , ma 'am . Rosalind : Contain the subject . Use lethal force if necessary . Lethal force ? I 'm not trying to do this ! I need help ! Stay right there , damn it ! Hands up ! Okay , okay . Now turn around , hands on the hood , real slow . I 'll do whatever you say , but please don 't hurt me . Honestly , I ... I don 't know what ... what 's ... what 's ... Happening to me . Hey , wait a minute ! Freeze ! Get down on the ground ! Get him ! [ Gunshots ] [ Siren wailing ] [ Panting ] Hey ! He 's in the alley ! [ Rumbling ] Hey . What 's your name ? Guy , what 's your name ? - Joey . - Joey . Okay , my name 's Daisy , I 'm with S.H.I.E.L.D. , and we 're here for your protection . There 's more on the way . First unit 's down or wetting themselves . That S.U.V. got the point across . Joey , Joey . J ... Joey ! Stay with me , okay ? ! I know you 're scared and your world 's being turned upside down . But believe it or not , I 've been through this , okay ? - I can help . - We 'll get you out of here . It 's you who made the car , the people , and the thing ... You 're gonna want to stand well clear of that , mate . - Didn 't I tell you ? - I know it 's a lot to take in . But right now , you have very few options and zero time , - so , please , just go with it . - We 'll be right there with you . It 's not like this day can get any crazier , right ? Right ? [ Breathing heavily ] I take that back ! Chemical hazard . Mask on . They were right here . What the hell happened ? They 're gone . Mack : How are you holding up in there , buddy ? Fine . I guess . I hope this is going somewhere other than higher . Rest easy . We 're almost there . We had him pinned down , but the target has escaped . He didn 't escape . He was extracted . We 'll secure the area , clean up , contain the situation . Manage it without making any more noise . There were helicopters this time , for God 's sake . It is getting harder for this to go unnoticed . [ Camera shutter clicks ] We 'll leave you to it . - [ Breathing rapidly ] - Who are you ? W-what is this ? What is S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Did you do this to me ? We try to protect people like you from the world or from yourself , unless we have to defend the world against you . People like me ? What is happening to me ? You 've experienced what 's called a bio-morphic event . Short version ... your DNA changed . And the long version ? Is ... long , but right now , you need to understand that you will survive this . Okay . Okay , s-so you guys can cure me . I 'm sorry . We just learn to live with it . It may feel like your life has ended , but it 's just ... got more interesting . More interesting ? I 'm not a freaking TED talk . Did you see the power line hit that tanker truck ? I 'm literally a catastrophic meltdown . Everything was ... Wait , wait , wait . Why ... why isn 't this box liquefying or this plane or whatever the hell this is ? It 's poly-tectic adaptive materials . Each module can be customized . So , you 're safe in there , and we 're safe from you . I don 't feel safe . I feel like my skin 's crawling and my organs are shifting and ... Joey , just take a breath . First thing you need is rest , medically speaking . We 'll be in the air for a couple more hours , and you will be in this box , so why don 't you lie down ? You 'll feel better after some sleep . [ Sighs ] Well ... Thanks , whatever your name is . Daisy . Well , thank you , Daisy , for not letting them shoot me in the head . Uh , oh , one last thing ... Do you take vitamins every day , Joey ? Fish oil ? Not every day . All right . Get some rest . How 's he doing ? Okay . For now . Third incident already this month , but at least we were able to get our hands on this one . The rate of new cases is increasing . We knew it would after the initial reports . A new Inhuman could emerge anywhere without having any idea what 's happened . Only in the continental U.S. so far . Plus , this new aircraft can stay in the air much longer than the old plane . Days , really , so rapid response anywhere is ... You love your new toy , don 't you ? I very much love my new toy , but even with the mind-boggling range on this puppy ... Inhumans are still disappearing . This is the first one in a while we 've been able to secure . Well , it 's no mystery who 's taking them . That black-ops group was there before us . - I know . - Again . Whoever they are . How many do you think they 've taken ? We know of at least five sightings , five individuals who vanished before we could get to them . But the real mystery is , who 's running that group ? - Not if you did your part . - Hmm . How did it feel to join the paparazzi , Phil ? I think I might have missed my calling . I have every body , every piece of software tasked with identifying that woman so we can figure out where she 's taking Inhumans and what exactly she plans to do with them . Rosalind : Make it top priority . We 'll find them . Just find out who 's running them . I 'll handle the rest . Anyone in particular I should be looking at ? I have a few names . Meanwhile , tighten your belt so they don 't catch you with your pants down again . This metamorphosis is becoming less rare . [ Sighs ] And I don 't like that one of them got away . Hey . Who the hell are you ? My name 's Bobbi . As in the name usually short for " Robert , " but in my case , " Barbara , " which , to me , is worse . This room is all yours , so feel free to make yourself at home . When you change , just put your clothing and any personal belongings in the drawer over here for analysis . The screen will then ask you to perform a series of medical scans . I know that you 're not a huge fan of check-ups , but this will be painless . No offense , but I don 't know you , so don 't act like you know a damn thing about me . I know you put off your yearly physicals at least once every year . I know that your ex-boyfriend was a health nut and was on you to take better care of yourself . But it wasn 't until you two broke up that you finally got your gym membership . You 've been spying on me ? Looked at your Facebook page . I did see enough to know that you 're generally more concerned for others than you are for yourself . [ Breathes deeply ] Did I hurt anyone ? Probably . But there have been no reported fatalities ... Not yet , anyway , so it 's a good thing . Daisy will be in soon to give you the rundown . But know that you 're not a danger to anyone in here . And you 're safe from those people out there who were trying to hurt you . Whoever they are . Hunter : They 're not Hydra . You know , I 've been digging , and my street sources tell me Hydra 's gone silent ... Eerily silent , yes , but ... Yeah , the Hydra finances we track are static . No money 's changing hands . And by the looks of the hardware these gung-ho nutters are using , they 're well-funded . So if this woman 's not Hydra , what is she ? Everything else . I mean , look at this ... two years CIA ... Is that MI6 ? Yeah , under which time , she was consulting with the CDC , apparently . All under different aliases . Oh , I like her . Yeah , but how are we supposed to track down someone like this ? We can 't look everywhere . If we can trace that hardware , that could give us a place to start . Take that down to Bobbi in the lab . - Have the team analyze it . - Oh , no , no , no , no , no . No , no , I 'm ... I 'm ... not going anywhere near Bobbi . Fine . I 'll take it to her myself . Wouldn 't want you to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable . - [ Beep ] - Yeah , I know that 's sarcasm , and I 'm choosing to accept your thoughtfulness at face value . Mack , you should head downstairs , assist Skye with intake . - Daisy . - Daisy . Damn it . Hard for us to get used to , huh ? Mm ... no . No , just you . Okay . So , what do we know about this José Gutierrez ? He goes by Joey . Construction foreman , motorcycle enthusiast . Appears to be able to liquefy certain metals spontaneously at a distance of up to 3 meters . Yeah . And understandably , that development has scared the living crap out of him . Daisy : Hey , Joey . May we come in ? You 're in . This is my partner , Mack . We 're just gonna talk . So , she 's the greeting party , and you 're the muscle , huh ? Believe me , she is the muscle . He looks big and intimidating . But inside , he 's just a soft , little , fluffy little teddy bear . Yay . How are you feeling ? [ Sighs ] Like a stranger in my own body who I hate . Nice of you to ask . So , as I said , this phenomenon is mostly ... You know what ? Lay it on me . You don 't have to soften the blows anymore . Thanks . All right . Um ... There exists a small percentage of the population with a dormant alien gene mixed into their DNA . There 's a chemical compound that activates this gene , giving them unnatural abilities . Okay . This chemical compound , called Terrigen , was recently released into our ecosystem . And you , Joey , are one of the first people with this gene to come into contact with it . So ... I 'm an alien ? Part alien . Welcome to the club . We call ourselves Inhumans . [ Chuckles ] Okay . [ Laughing ] [ Chuckles nervously ] All right . [ Laughing ] At least it 's , uh ... it 's a good drinking story . I can 't wait to tell my friends . Unfortunately , you 're gonna have to wait . What does that mean ? We can 't let you leave before we know you have your abilities under control . And even then , only if we decide you 're stable enough not to use them unless absolutely necessary . And even then , we ... We can 't let you go back to your old life , Joe . What ? I 'm so sorry . It 's just the reality . Wait , wait . You 're not saying I can 't go and have a beer anytime soon . You 're saying I can 't go back to my life , ever ? Not in the foreseeable future . The first step is control , but then S.H.I.E.L.D. will set you up with a new identity ... But I like ... I like my life . [ Sighs ] It has taken me a long time to get here , to build a life where I 'm actually comfortable , much less happy . I 'm not about to toss it . As a matter of fact , now that I think about it , I 'd like to get back to it right now . - [ Beep ] - Reporter : Are unsure what to call this , whether it was a calculated alien attack or an experiment gone wrong . Get too close , but , uh , he was a Latino guy . Normal . Uh , he had this crazy look in his eyes . - [ Beep ] - Reporter : Manhunt is under way . Authorities are asking witnesses to come forward with any information that could lead to the capture ... The world 's been a little twitchy since Sokovia fell out of the sky . Right now , your apartment is being torn apart , and your relatives are being questioned . So I need to get to them before ... Your best-case scenario out there is that black-ops group kills you quick before you bring a building down on someone . S.H.I.E.L.D. is your best option . Let me the hell out of here . - Calm down . - Let me out . Joey , you will lose control if you don 't calm down . - Let me out ! Let me out ! - Now , Joey ! Stop ! [ Rumbling ] New readings on the monolith ? Nope . That was Daisy firing a warning shot . No new readings , no new anything on the monolith in months . Fitz even stopped sending automated probes into that room . No one 's stepped foot in there since ... Simmons was swallowed up by it . This was fish oil again ? What can I say ? We pulled the product off shelves , but we can 't track down every bottle sold . The good news , if you want to call it that , is the deadly metallic elements sank to the bottom , so the chemical contaminating the sea life isn 't deadly to humans , just game-changing for Inhumans . - The bad news ... - It 's not just in the fish oil . Where else could it have spread ? Other sea life . With ocean currents , it 's dispersed into the ecosystem . I need to know how wide a range we 're talking . Fitz and I have the team working on a computer simulation . That biology degree 's finally coming in handy , huh ? Leaving me stuck staring at screens in here - for all eternity . - I get it . Rehab 's a bitch . At least you 're not hoping your knee will grow back . Sorry . I 'm just frustrated . The simulation 's taking a while . Have Fitz look into this , too . If we can figure out where it came from ... We could narrow the search on the mystery girl . I 'm sure she 'd prefer " mystery woman . " Oh , and by the way , where is he ? - Fitz ? - He requested yesterday to do some research at S.H.I.E.L.D. archives , - but I haven 't seen him all day . - I 'll call him in . He 's chasing down one last lead on the monolith . He 's had a lot of last leads . I know . - With him , I ... I just try to ... - We all do . But I 'd rather have him with his head in the game than banging it against a wall . I 'll call him in . Thank you . [ Sighs ] [ Beep ] Fitz : Go for Fitz . You need to come in . Coulson has some weaponry he wants you to examine . It 's pressing . You can handle that , though , yeah ? For a biologist , you 're pretty good with forensics . Fitz , I can 't cover for you anymore . I 'll get started , but you need to get in here . We need you here . Yeah , I 'll head back there in a minute . I just need to check out one last thing . Soon . All right ? Yeah , copy that . Call me if you hit a snag . [ Beep ] Just one last thing . She 'll be down that way . Mister ? A man like you should not go to that place alone , though I will not go with you . Okay . Just ... stay close . [ Speaking Arabic ] [ Chuckles ] We speak English , my friend . But you do not speak Arabic . I 'm looking for Yusef Hadad . Is he here ? I 'd like to see him . But does Yusef want to see you ? I 'm fairly certain he 's gonna want what 's in this case . Let me take a look , huh ? I 'll decide . Hey , wait . Ah . I want to see Yusef . You understand ? Or is your English worse than you think ? Suit yourself . We lost Fitz again , huh ? He out there chasing down another ghost story ? He has a theory . He 's always got another theory . That 's why I locked up that damn rock and won 't let anyone in . He wouldn 't dare go in there . He 's not totally irrational . Process of digging just helps him cope . No , it keeps him from coping . Look , I love the fact that he won 't give up hope ... I do . But the man 's a scientist , and ... The evidence is pointing one way . I know , but ... I 'm not gonna have this talk with him . Are you ? So ... let him dig . [ Gun cocks ] Fire in the hole . Without him , I need your eyes on this . Well , it 's a prototype . That 's what I was thinking . - Thumb detection in the handle ... - I had to bypass it , yeah . Liquid-helium-cooled , titanium barrel and slide ... You ask me , it looks like an emerging technologies design . DARPA , maybe ? Yeah , that 's what I thought . So you didn 't need my damn eyes on this at all , huh ? No , I ... Yes , thank you . Yeah . We can run some surveillance on known DARPA facilities . It could be black market . You should ask hunter to contact the back-alley traders he knows . Hunter 's not talking to me . [ Sighs ] You know why ? I do . I hope you know what you 're doing and this doesn 't end in complete disaster . Team 's fallen apart enough as it is . Can 't afford any more trouble . You want to see Yusef , let 's go . [ Sighs ] So , we tried to open this case of yours , but as you can see ... we could not . We 'd like you to do that for us now . I 'll open it and give you what 's inside , no problem . But only in exchange for something in your possession . How about in exchange for your life ? No deal . A man with nothing to lose . Okay , listen , ' cause I 'm only gonna say this once . I 've already lost a friend , and it may sound strange , but to get her back , I need to understand the properties of an ancient monolith . Now , I 've learned it was buried in the Yucatan after being dragged around the earth for a few hundred years . And originally found with it , were artifacts ... Mostly worthless , except one ... A scroll casing , over 1,000 years old . The casing holds a parchment which reportedly describes exactly what this monolith is , which is what I want to know . And I tracked the scroll casing ... not easy ... Through history , to Mosul 's Central Museum in Iraq . But it was taken by your extremist buddies when they ransacked the place this year . Now , I 'm 90 % sure it 's in this room . So you can either hand it over in exchange for what 's in there , or you could spill my guts in the sand and use the briefcase as a booster seat . [ Sighs ] - It 's totally your call . - [ Clears throat ] [ Breathing shakily ] [ Thud ] Now ... open the case . [ Beeping ] [ Briefcase chimes ] [ Latches click ] These are ... splinter bombs . The very same used in the U.N. Attack and used to kill Sunil Bakshi . That name should mean something to you . One of these killed him ? Yeah , separated his atoms , leaving no remains . This woman you went to all this trouble for ... You love her , yeah ? Yeah . Only love can make a man so stupid . [ Laughter ] No remains , you said , huh ? Should be easy to clean up . - [ High-pitched ringing ] - [ All screaming ] [ Gunshots ] [ Shouting in Arabic ] [ Tires squeal ] [ Gunshots ] Aah . Daisy : He 's going nuts . Joey 's having a tough time . The change is hard enough physically . But emotionally , it 's a whole other thing . I tried talking him down , but I blew it in there . And Mack is not exactly coming off as a teddy bear . You just told the guy I 'm a teddy bear . And then you told him the best-case scenario was his head blown off . Yeah . I need help , and there 's one person who 's better at that than anyone . Lincoln ? You really want to go there again ? He could help with intake . Plus , he understands the physical change . He 's a doctor , whereas we don 't even know what medical treatments to give . Last time you tried to sell him on it , he wasn 't exactly buying . I 'd like to try again . Mack , what 's your take ? I voiced my feelings about letting Lincoln roam free . I 'd gladly drag him in here where he can 't hurt anyone , but if Daisy can talk him in ... He might actually do some good . Both of you go . Requisition a flight team and a Quinjet . Hey , Coulson , got her . Weapon is a DARPA prototype . We tapped surveillance at multiple DARPA facilities , got a hit ... the D.C. branch office . - She visits every few days . - A routine . Tell me there 's a window where we can get to her . It 's a small one . Every night she visits , she leaves at approximately 9 : 00 P.M. With a small security detail . They 're all three dropped at the metro station on 12th half an hour later . Her escorts buy her a coffee on the walk to the platform . But she boards the 9 : 35 train alone . Sits in the middle , drinks her coffee , and answers e-mails . It 's the only time she 's alone all day . You 're not an easy person to pin down . Really ? 'Cause you were no trouble at all . [ Guns cock ] So I have trouble counting without using my fingers , but I think there 's more of them than us . Roger that . Thanks , hunter . I would have sent a car , but then you would have suspected something , Mr. Coulson . And what should I call you ? Mrs. Kinley ? Ms. McBride ? So many stage names to choose from . Call me Rosalind . Rosalind . I know that 's the name you went by at NASA . At NASA , they tend to stick to last names , actually . The whole east-coast flight-school mentality is so deeply embedded . And yet you somehow came to it through the D.O.D. Space exploration and the defense department no longer eat at separate tables . But they also don 't like to share recipes . You tend to vanish , then materialize within the walls of a rival agency . I feel like I 'm talking to a ghost . Whereas I 'm talking to a corpse . You 're not the only one who did the homework . I guess not . In the eyes of the public , S.H.I.E.L.D. no longer exists . And you were killed long before the agency you worked for was pronounced dead . Yet somehow , you both rise from the ashes . If I wasn 't so intrigued , I 'd be terrified . I got a feeling nothing scares you . Not true . But I 'm certainly not intimidated by you staking out my route home , resorting to KGB-style tactics of intimidation . I wouldn 't know . I haven 't spent as much time as you have working with Russian counterintelligence . And I haven 't spent any time in Tahiti , though I hear it 's a magical place . Let 's both agree that we enjoy a good secret , though mine do appear a bit old-hat next to yours . Got to get with the times , Roz . You don 't want to be left in the dust . That 's why I plan to detain you ... So it stops happening . Two teams in position at the next stop , ma 'am . That 's one team for each of us . Again , killing it with math . But I do hope that we can continue this conversation in a more intimate setting . I 'm perfectly happy to answer any questions that might be bothering you now . Incarceration doesn 't seem totally necessary . Nice of you to be so accommodating . Then tell me ... Where are you hiding them ? You finish your rounds , Lincoln ? I 'm trying . Patient in 305 's a little bit of a talker , I hear . [ Chuckles ] What are you doing here ? I said to leave me alone . I wouldn 't be here if it wasn 't important . We need your help . I told you , I don 't know anything about that damn rock . I 'm sorry , what happened to your friend , but all I heard was that it 's lethal . It 's not the monolith . We found a new Inhuman . And he 's not the first , and you know there will be more . No one is better at helping these people transition than you . - You taught me that it 's a gift . - I was wrong . I was regurgitating a lie they shoved down my throat . It 's a curse . You of all people should know that . Look , I get that you 're trying to build a life here ... Yes , a normal life , so stay out of it , please . But our heritage ... Let it die . You 're not walking out of here till my partner has said her piece . I think I made it pretty clear . I 'm not taking orders from anyone anymore . Rosalind : These altered humans are a threat , and I am in charge of neutralizing that threat . " By any means necessary " sounds like it 's coming next . And who do you answer to ? Mr. Coulson , it 's others who answer to me . The laws of nature have changed . And until the laws of man change to reflect that , we can only do what we feel is right . I agree , I think . I know you do . So I understand the trail of bodies you 're leaving behind . The dead ones I won 't hold against you . It 's the ones you 're sheltering ... Dead ones ? I haven 't killed anyone . We 've had some vanish before we could secure them . Then how do you explain the carcasses we 've recovered ? Blasted with some sort of energy weapon . - That 's not us . - It 's not us , either . Wait , is this still cagey banter , or are we being honest all of a sudden ? If you 're not killing these individuals , then who is ? Get your hand off me ! Mack : You better watch your tone . You 're lucky we haven 't dragged you in for that crap you pulled on the aircraft carrier . - Mack ... - I saw the men you took down . They barely recovered . Then you know what I 'm capable of . I 'm not scared of you . You should be . - [ Electricity crackles ] - Whoa ! Lincoln , cool down . This isn 't me . [ Woman screams ] Stop right there ! [ Groaning ] Now tell me where to find the Inhuman ! I don 't know ! [ Grunts ] Never mind . [ Electricity crackling ] [ Both grunting ] [ Rumbling ] [ Panting ] We 'll have to hit this thing with everything we 've got . And I need a bigger gun , I guess . Or my ax . Or maybe a shotgun-ax combination of some sort . Oh , we going in here ? Yeah , that makes sense . 911 , what 's your emergency ? [ Cellphones ringing ] Coulson : If we 're both getting the call , then I think we know what it 's about . - [ Chuckles ] - You 'll have to excuse me . [ Ringing continues ] If you don 't take it out of my pocket , it 's just gonna ring like that forever . [ Ringing continues ] I guess you guys didn 't do all your homework . That many ? In a hospital ? How close is the response team ? [ Rumbling ] [ Electricity crackles ] [ Rumbling ] [ Grunting ] [ Siren wailing ] He 's gone ! Soldier : Contain the alien threats at all costs . Use lethal force if necessary . Come with us . We 'll keep you safe . Your life is in danger . My life is in ruins . - Lincoln ! - Daisy , Daisy ! He 's on his own . We got to get you out of here . They 're hunting you , too . Come on . Let 's go . Want to tell me why you 're not speaking to me ? [ Sighs ] [ Locker slams ] Because ... You 're not supposed to see the bride on the wedding day . So , are we gonna do this or what ? I asked for the ring back because I paid for it , not as a meaningful gesture of any kind . But thanks , oh , great master of melodrama . Why ? Because it wasn 't at all melodramatic when you whispered on your death bed , " I can 't do this anymore . " I meant pretend not to ... You know ... I didn 't mean that we should make the tragic mistake of marrying each other ... again . - [ Scoffs ] - Call it what you will , but you 've got the ring you once threw in my face , and we 're shagging on the regular , so only thing missing is a piece of paper . And your ring , not that you know where it is . I know exactly where it is . Just don 't personally own the scuba-diving equipment to retrieve it . You don 't care about the money . That ring is cheap-ass . I wanted something to hold onto ... If your mind really is made up . I 'm going after him , Bob . Coulson 's given me the green light . I 've chased down all the Hydra intel I can from on high . If my hunch is right , I need to get to ground . We agreed that you 'd wait till I was 100 % . And every day , I 'm pushing myself , getting better , stronger . - A few more weeks ... - I 'll be better without you . On my own turf , calling in favors , whatever it takes . I 'm gonna hunt that son of a bitch down . It 's on . President Ellis : Good evening . I 'm here tonight to address growing concerns among our citizens of the threats we face that are not of this world . I don 't need to remind people of the catastrophes in New York , London , and most recently Sokovia , tragedies that seem to be growing in number and scale . And the organization we had in place to protect us , S.H.I.E.L.D. , brought airships raining down in our nation 's capital . Every day , new dangers present themselves , filling our peaceful streets with chaos . Bigger . By executive order , I have created a special task force to neutralize these alien threats on our soil . The advanced threat containment unit , or ATCU , will be given full license to act with whatever authority is necessary . The laws of nature have changed . And until the laws of man change to reflect that , we must do what we feel is right . People really do answer to you , don 't they . Reporter : Mr. president ! One question ! Quick question ! Reporter # 2 : Mr. president , how do you respond to reports that the recent incidents are , in fact , due to the spread of an alien contagion ? These are rumors . They are not true . They are fabrications meant to boost ratings and cause hysteria . Any and all possibilities are being taken very seriously by the ATCU . But if this is an outbreak , shouldn 't the public be made aware ? I think we should be careful , the words we start throwing around . The last thing we need is panic in the streets . Any threat will be eliminated , I can assure you . People have a right to know . Are the infected among us ? Thank you . That 'll be all for today . I 've lived with a secret before . I was miserable until I came out with it . This secret ... The world 's not ready to hear . [ Breathing heavily ] I 've been waiting for a while . Had to be done . It 's my last shot . What 's supposed to be in there ? The answer . You 've thought you 've had the answers before . I think you 've considered every possible answer ... Except the obvious one . [ Drawer slams ] You thought Simmons was trapped inside the monolith , but every instrument scan showed the stone was solid all the way through . After hearing about the Pym technologies disaster , you even thought she 'd been reduced to a microscopic level . But no evidence supported that . And now ... And now I think ... I know it 's a black hole . It 's dark matter made solid . It can warp space-time . It ... look , regardless ... okay ? This is gonna tell us exactly what that monolith is . So ... [ Thud ] Should we scan it ? See if the computer can decipher what the ... It 's Hebrew . It 's just one word . What does it mean ? Death . Fitz , I 'm gonna make the trip to Sheffield . Jemma 's family deserves to know that she 's M.I.A. - Ohh . - They need to be able to move on . And so do we . You have shown so much heart , never giving up on Simmons , and I will always , always respect you for it . But look around . We need you . We need that big brain of yours and that heart here . Okay ? I miss her , too . I 'm having a hard time accepting it ... all of it . I-I 'm on my third hand , but nothing feels normal because nothing will feel normal . May took off on vacation and never came back , so I lost my right hand , too . We have got to accept it , to say goodbye . We need to say goodbye . Jemma would want us to do that . Okay ? Okay . [ Sighs ] Oh ... [ Sighs ] [ Sniffling ] [ Sighs ] Do something . [ Breathing heavily ] Do something ! [ Screaming ] Do something ! Do someth-i-i-i-ing ! [ Panting ] [ Panting ] [ Sighs ] [ Breathing shakily ] [ Growling in distance ]
