 Previously on zoo ... I believe that if we introduce the mother cell Into the dna of a mutated animal , We could possibly synthesize a cure , but here 's the problem : In order to do that , we need an animal Who has mutated and has not been exposed to the mother cell . What if your dad was searching for a cure ? Leopards ? Have we ruled it out yet ? Zambia 's largest agricultural company Is owned by one of reiden 's biggest critics . That might explain why reiden products Aren 't being used there . I think we just found our needle . We need to get out of the country . How soon do you need to leave ? When an army wants to take an area , They attack in a haphazard fashion . It causes fear . Wh-what , are you telling me , That leopards are using military strategy ? They 're working as a group . Means they 're thinking as a group . Jamie : Mitch stuck the cub with the needle . His pain sent a distress call . It was just like the lions in l.A. , They communicate over long distances . This little guy saved our lives . Once we get him back to a lab , He 's gonna save a lot more than that . The cure ... It worked . You 're right . ( chuckles ) I want to thank you . You don 't have to thank me . I want to thank you For giving me the courage to save my daughter . Truth is- - You kind of saved me . My name is amelia sage . Those scientists didn 't believe you , but I do . What about my colleagues ? Amelia : They 're safe . They 're on a plane coming back to the united states . ( loud banging ) ( panicked screaming ) ( gasping ) ( gasping ) ( seagull screeching ) ( gasping ) ( gasping ) ( voice echoes indistinctly ) ( jamie groans ) ( voice echoes indistinctly ) ( screaming ) ( moans softly ) ( wood creaking quietly ) ( wood creaking quietly ) ( cries out ) ( speaks foreign language ) ( jamie whimpering ) Who are you ? Wh-where am I ? ( speaks foreign language ) What ? ( speaks foreign language ) I-I don 't ... I don 't know what you 're saying . I was on a plane . There were other people with me . Do you know where they are ? Are they okay ? There-there was a , um , A leopard , a small , uh , leopard cub . I-it 's very important that I find him . Is he okay ? Do you understand me ? You don 't understand me . ( wind whistling ) wh ... ? Oh , my god . How long have I been here ? I need to find a phone . I need to make a phone call . A phone call . ( speaks foreign language ) I know , I need-I need - I need a phone . Can you help me find a phone ? ( speaks foreign language ) can you help me ? Please . ( door closes ) ( lock clicking ) ( chain rattling ) ( knocking on door ) ( lock clicks , door creaks open ) ( speaks foreign language ) ( grunts ) ( groaning ) ( panting ) ( approaching footsteps ) ( man shouting ) ( bird screeching ) ( panting ) ( man shouts in foreign language ) ( man shouts ) ( vicious snarling ) ( distant howling ) ( snarling ) ( barking , snarling ) ( jamie screams ) ( man shouts ) ( vicious barking ) ( man shouts in foreign language ) ( snarling and barking continues ) You were protecting me . You were protecting me . ( snarling , barking ) The canadian government called off the dive teams last week . 47 people lost in the crash ... Along with the cure . ( chuckles dryly ) So we need to find an alternative , Something we 've overlooked . Uh , chloe ... Chloe and I have been granted official clearance , Uh , some made-up titles and a team ... ( distorted speech ) ... International team arrived in zambia today . Uh , the-the situation they report there Is , uh , well , dire . Uh , mass evacuation , general panic ... ( distorted speech ) ... Very important people arrived today . A multinational team of crisis managers With their very important scientists . So apparently they don 't need me anymore . You know , ' cause ... I ... ( chuckles ) Maybe they just don 't want to be associated with failure . When we first assembled , I think we were all pretty dubious . No one more than me . Do you have any thoughts about reiden global ? Why would I have any thoughts about reiden global ? Dalton , can I get a ... ? Just about the rumors floating around That reiden cut a deal with the government . What kind of deal ? To provide your now-famous mother cell In an effort to concoct the cure . Why would they do that ? Well , because ... In return , the government agreed to indemnify reiden And all of its corporate holdings From any malfeasance in connection with the , uh ... ( chuckles ) Uh ... Yeah . They still haven 't come up With an adequate name for it , have they ? ( chuckles ) Maybe you should come up with one . That 'd put you on the journalistic map , wouldn 't it ? How about ... . " the ... Beast rebellion " ? That 's pretty good , no ? Well , the rumors don 't end there . There 's talk that you and the other three were forced to sign A non-disclosure agreement In exchange for prosecutorial immunity From the crimes that were committed during the course Of your ... Adventure . Okay . This isn 't just a puff piece on the gentleman scientist Who almost saved the world , is it ? Not really , no . And jamie campbell . What about her ? Well , this was her white whale , wasn 't it ? Uh , her obsession ? Reiden ? That would be tragic , wouldn 't it ? All she wanted to do was bring down reiden , Expose the truth . And she did . She died doing it . And now here I am ... Here we are , We can 't say a thing , Which means ... All she ever really cared about essentially died with her , Didn 't it ? Is it true ? Have you been silenced ? She was a reporter , too . I know . And the thing that made her a good reporter Was that she understood tenacity and compassion Don 't have to be mutually exclusive . I-I didn 't mean ... I know . You should go . Maybe you can get one of those urban transport thugs To bring you home , what with " the beast rebellion " and all . Okay . Tell me one last thing . Would you say that all hope is lost ? That things are only gonna get worse ? Is all hope ... In fact lost ? ( " fat bottomed girls " by queen playing ) ¶ oh ... You gonna take me home tonight ¶ ¶ oh ... Down beside that red fire light ¶ ¶ oh ... ¶ Man : Everyone should consult their watch lists . Reports have that those animals that busted out of the zoo Are congregating in the northeast . Anacostia park has just been upgraded to a five . Back in black , mammy-rammers . How 'd it go ? Got the bride to the church on time . Not without a struggle though . Georgetown is thick with boars . Never seen so many on one run . You got bit ? I did . But you ain 't seen the other guy yet . ( laughter ) victor holman . Taking him from home to gw hospital and back . Take a real gun tonight , abe . That part of pennsylvania ave around gw hospital Has seen unusually heavy activity . I 'll be okay . All I require is the tranq . It 's not a question of whether or not you 'll be okay . They pay us for a service ; they pay us for their safety ; And your pacifist beliefs Ain 't gonna protect them from what 's out there . Mr. Holman will be just fine . ¶ ¶ Amelia : 17,000 casualties worldwide , Not to mention countless injuries . I 'm sorry , but killing all the animals , That 's completely insane . Which is why we need to give them an alternative . Soldier : Miss sage ? Yes . The team from zambia just radioed . They found the leopards ? Yes , ma 'am , that 's right . They 've been tracking the pride since this morning . They 're about to deploy a unit to capture them . There 's your alternative . ( beeps ) ( phones ringing ) Is that our team ? Female agent : They 're in an abandoned flea market Just north of lusaka . Orange are the leopards . Male agent : We 're having trouble with the helmet-cam . Female agent : Switching to comm sat 19 . Do you have audio ? That 's what I 'm doing . Man : I see ' em . 30 yards ahead . 30 yards ahead . Pascal : Copy that . I 'm moving in . That 's your agent ? Yes , pascal . He 's embedded with the team . Pascal : They spotted us . They 're running . Go , go , go , don 't lose them . Man : Targets are dispersing . Come on , you can cut it off . Fan out , fan out . Moving in . On your ten . Target tranqed . I see it . We 'll cut it off . Pascal : I got one , due south . We can cut it off . Man : Go , go , go . I 'm moving in . I see it . Go , go , go . ( leopard snarls ) ( tranquilizer gun firing ) pascal : We got one ! Come on ! Man : Target tranqed . ( radio transmission continues indistinctly ) ( birds screeching ) You hear that ? ( screeching continues ) It 's birds . They 're going to attack . You have to warn them . They 're in trouble . They need your help . Tell them ! Do it . This is dc . We believe you have incoming , possibly birds . Tell them to get to cover . You need to seek cover . Male agent : Let 's get a wider visual . Female agent : Sending to main monitor . I 've got the helmet-cam feed . Get your heads down ! ( screeching continues ) ( men shouting , automatic gunfire ) Tell ' em to go east . Head due east , there 's a structure . Man : Wrong way ! Wrong way , back up , back up ! ( automatic gunfire continues ) ( screeching , gunfire continues ) ( men shouting ) take cover ! Take cover ! ( birds screeching ) Oh , god . They need to find an exit . Get to shelter ! ( screeching ) ( door slams shut ) Pascal : Dc , we 're okay , we have the leopard . Man : Sir , we got the leopard . Well done . Man : Copy that . ( radio transmission continues indistinctly ) They found the leopards . Chloe just called . It 's been three months Since the team in zambia started looking for them , 86 days to be exact , And then an hour ago ... ( chuckles ) they did it . They captured one of them . Now , once they return home , the plans are in place To , uh , synthesize the cure on a mass scale . But one problem remains- - the distribution problem- - How do we get the cure to the animals ? Now , the very important scientists , They think that they have the solution . They want to aerosolize the cure And drop it from planes , but that won 't work . An airborne solution will decay passing through the atmosphere . But I can do it . I ... Can come up with a solution . ( thudding , clattering ) ( man groaning ) ( groaning ) ( groans , laughs ) Hey , buddy . Hey , you all right ? Oh , I 'm dandy , I 've never been better . ( grunts ) Got all this free time on my hands , I thought I 'd do some reading . Couldn 't reach the damn book I wanted . Yeah , well , you know , Next time , just come knock on the wall , okay ? I 'll come grab it for you . Yeah , that 's ... That 's a good idea . You don 't look so good . You sure you 're okay ? You need anything ? Yeah , I 'll take a right leg . I only need it from the knee down . So , uh , you heard about the zoo ? Yeah . Rumor has it they were moving the animals into quarantine . Hippos went nuts . Yeah , I just talked to chloe . She told me . It 's true . Wow . That 's crazy . Goldy , you 're taking these , right ? Look , man , you ignore this , you get an infection ... If they ever get the ... The elevator fixed , It 'd be a lot easier for me to move around , jackson . Yeah . I know . I 'll go refill the prescription , okay ? Wait . Wait , wait , wait . Not tonight . Wait till tomorrow ? No matter what you think , it 's not safe out there , man . I 'll be fine . Hey , you know animals love me , right ? Wait . At least wear my gear , will you , please ? Yeah . ( dogs barking in distance ) What else has chloe told you ? ( sirens wailing ) They found the leopards . ( sighs ) Damn ! Well , this calls for a celebration , man . Pick up a sixer when you 're out there , too . We still need to find a way to ... Spread the cure to the animals , okay ? You think when we fix this that we 're gonna learn our lesson ? We 're gonna find a better way to share the planet ? I hope so . Yeah , it 's kind of like me riding a motorcycle . You know , people used to tell me that I was tempting fate , But ... ( chuckles dryly ) I mean , if it hadn 't been that dog that attacked me , It could just as easily have been a drunk driver . Yeah . I guess my point is That we never really consider That the worst case scenario could actually happen , do we ? No . Maybe that 's the difference between us and the animals . What 's that , huh ? That we 're arrogant ? No . We 're stupid . Be careful out there , bud . Jackson : So , how do we distribute the cure ? The food web , right ? That seems to be the best way to spread the cure . We inoculate the prey and let the food web do the rest . ( howling in distance ) So , only problem that I can think of Would be that the animals ... They seem to have stopped feeding on each other . They seem to just be feeding on us . ( loud meowing ) ( purring ) ( low growling ) ( growling ) Victor holman ? That 's right . I 'm your ride . Quiet . No more traffic . It 's almost beautiful , isn 't it ? Almost . Until one considers what lurks everywhere . Are you always this cheerful ? Have you lost anybody since this all began ? Yes . Friends or family ? Friends that became family . Hmm . I 'm sorry . They were killed ? One was . And the others ? I choose not to see them . Take a right on cardozo . But the hospital 's the other way . We 're making a stop before the hospital . ( rhino bellowing ) ( tires screeching ) ( dog barking nearby ) ( growling ) ( snarling , growling ) ( low growling ) ( meowing , growling ) ( dog barking viciously ) ( barking continues ) ( snarling , barking continues ) ( snarling ) ( panting ) ( barking fades ) ( baboon screeching ) ( screeching continues ) ( baboons screeching ) ( banging ) ( screeching continues ) Hello ? Anyone home ? ( dog barking ) ( groans ) ( barking continues ) ( barking continues ) ( barking ) ( barking continues ) Man : For years , scientists in labs around the world Have been collecting dna samples . And now those efforts will be put to good use . Every species on earth- - From domestic dogs and cats , To alligators and zebras- - Will be recreated from this healthy , unaffected dna And replaced in their natural habitats . From marshlands and savannahs , To forests ... They 're in the air . They should have the leopards in about ten hours . ... Repopulated . No one is suggesting the days ahead will be easy , But thanks to project noah , In six to ten years , the world 's animal population Will be thriving once again . Vibrant and healthy . Reiden global , Our most precious resource is you . ( sighs ) " noah " - - clever . Have we run that by religious leaders ? Yes . We showed this to test audiences in vegas . We get a 70 % approval when we use " regeneration , " As opposed to " cleanse . " mm-hmm . " cleanse " upsets people . ( quietly ) : Everything about this is upsetting . Fortunately , it 's never gonna happen . ( conversation continues indistinctly ) What ? The leopard isn 't going to work . We still don 't know how to distribute the cure . What about airborne ? No . We got the test results from the trial . It 's a fail . The cure won 't survive the atmosphere . So , what are we gonna do ? This . This ? ! Yes . Killing the animals , play god And repopulate the planet ? This is ridiculous . It 's unthinkable , I know . Do you have a better idea ? Man : We 're thinking six weeks . Holman : Take the next right . Abraham : Where are we going ? Today is the first day of my chemotherapy . Yes , I know . I 'm sorry to hear . I thought that was why we were going to the hospital . They say the chemotherapy Will greatly diminish my sense of taste , Which is why We 're making our first stop . And why is that ? Are you sure you don 't want any ? I 'm fine . Oh ! How long has this place been here ? Since a little after everyone decided Eating meat was too dangerous . Who wants to eat meat from a homicidal cow ? So These friends that you mentioned earlier . Yes ? Why do you choose not to see them ? Because they are a reminder . Reminders of what ? Of our failure . Your failure ? Yes . We could 've stopped all this from happening . There 's a story there . There is . But I prefer not to tell it . ¶ ¶ What is the matter with you , dalton ? Why is there no soundgarden ? You do know you ask me that every single night At exactly the same time . I 'm nothing if not punctual . ( door opens , man laughing ) ( door closes ) three shots of your best tequila . Beer backs . We are celebrating . Money to be made in the wake of global chaos . Whoa . What the hell is that thing doing in here ? That 's my dog . His name is bomba . And why isn 't he in quarantine with the rest of ' em ? Hey , pal , You don 't like it , you are welcome to drink elsewhere . Hmm . Maybe we 'll just take care of bomba now . Hey , hey , Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . Whoa , whoa . Hey . Whoa , whoa , whoa . What-what are you doing ? That 's not necessary . Who are you ? Me ? Uh , nobody . I 'm just this establishment 's most loyal customer . There is a very faint impression of my ass on that barstool . What do you want ? Mm . I would just like to submit to you That , although I agree That mangy hound is a bit of an eyesore- - Doesn 't smell very good either- - But he 's got as much right to be in here as you do . Oh . What ? Mm . Yeah , I 've-I 've only known dalton , the bartender here , For a few months , but I 'm willing to bet That he didn 't really appreciate that dog Until all hell broke loose . How ' bout you just take a step back , pal ? I think that that 's what most of do . We just kind of take for granted ... Those that we have by our sides . Until all hell breaks loose and then ... ( snaps fingers ) they 're gone . You don 't get a chance to Say what ... What are you talking about ? I 'm talking about love . ( men chuckling ) Just talking about love And how , Sometimes , It only comes around once . And when it does , you got to grab it . Yeah ? You got to grab it and hold on to it , Because , uh , You never know . You never know . It can be gone . Just like that . ( chuckles ) ( grunting ) ( chuckles ) Surely that is not the best you can do . ( grunting ) Hey ! Stop it ! ( grunts ) ( pipe clatters ) ( groans ) I haven 't been beat up By idiot businessmen since Wednesday . ( groans ) Come on , let 's get out of here . ( door opens ) ( door closes ) Thanks . There needs to be a special on these . Yeah , we 've been selling ' em like hotcakes . I 've never seen anything like it , Especially this time of year . Gazillions of mosquitoes . They feed on the decay . The mosquitoes . They feed on the decay . That 's why there 's so many of ' em . Well , I wish they 'd feed on something else besides me . I 've never gotten this many bug bites in my life . What ? Mosquitoes . Hey . Hey . Your face . What happened to you ? No , no , It 's okay . I 'm fine . Don 't worry . Listen , I figured it out . I know how to distribute the cure . Mosquitoes . Mosquitoes ? Mosquitoes , all right ? We inject a certain population Of mosquitoes with the cure , We let them spread it to all the other animals . Mosquitoes feed on every type of living species there is . I mean , Birds , mammals , reptiles , amphibians . Meaning when they bite , they 'll be passing it along . Not only that , but they lay their eggs in water , So it 'll be spread to all sorts of water sources . Feeding holes , remote places we could never Even think of getting to . This could work . It will work . Amelia , jackson has found ... Athens just declared a state of emergency . Seagulls took out a dozen relay stations . Jackson found a way to deliver the cure . We inject mosquitoes And introduce them into the animal population , all right ? I 've looked at this from every angle , There is no possible downside . I 'm afraid it doesn 't matter . We just got a call from zambia . The leopard they retrieved- - apparently it Migrated onto land serviced by reiden . So it 's been contaminated . It 's no longer viable for the cure . That 's right . So that 's it . It 's over . We 're out of options . ( man singing " what 's up " by 4 non blondes in spanish ) ( singing in spanish ) I am all alone here in washington . An ugly divorce left my family Living out west . I assumed , given the way things are , There 's no way my family could come to me . Not that they would If they could . But the other day , My son called and said , " dad , we 're figuring it out . " we 're getting an old camper van " and we 're driving " to be with you . " all of us . Rtc comes when you least expect it . Rtc ? Reasons to continue . ( singing continues ) Come on ! ¶ and I said , hey ¶ ¶ hey , hey , hey , hey ¶ ¶ hey , hey , hey ¶ ¶ I said , hey ¶ ¶ what 's going on ? ¶ Come on , conmigo . You see ? Reasons to continue . ¶ hey , hey , hey ¶ ¶ I said , hey , what 's going on ? ¶ ( song ends ) ( dogs barking in distance ) ( knocking ) Hello , abe . Hey . Come on in . ( door closes ) What are you doing ? It 's over . They found the remaining leopards . They 've been contaminated . We 're done here . I 'm sorry . They 're talking about this cull . Have you heard about it ? Of course . The goons where I work- - They 're all eager to join up . It 's insanity . But I suppose why shouldn 't man contribute To their own demise , right ? They 've been doing it since the dawn of time . Oh , just ... I know , don 't say it , don 't say it , I know- - I sound ... I sound exactly like my father . Actually , you said it with more conviction . ( soft laugh ) Can I get you something- - uh , a beer ? I am fine . All right , well , let me know if you change your mind . I had to duke it out with a bunch of baboons For that six-pack . ( soft chuckle ) no , thanks . How 's chloe ? Yeah ... She 's getting by . You know , she 's doing what she can . And mitch ? I haven 't talked to him in a couple weeks . I suspect he was in love with her . You know there are these underground restaurants Where people can go to eat meat ? I heard about that . There 's also , uh , apparently , Secret societies for cat lovers . Even before all this began , people who love cats Should have kept themselves hidden . ( both laugh ) Where you been , abe ? You know . Trying to , uh , sort things out , I suppose . And what 'd you learn ? Not much of anything , really . Except ... These are not the days to retreat From those you care about . In fact , these are The days to do the very opposite . You know , no matter what has happened Up until now , We must continue . I mean , things will get worse , yes . There will be failures , yes . There will be suffering . But we must continue . The leopards are gone . So we find whatever is the next leopard , The next solution . Jamie should not have lost her life for nothing . I don 't know what else there is to do . You will figure it out . You 're jackson oz . Coming up with solutions is in your blood . But earlier tonight , I witnessed a dying man Eating a steak and singing a song And I understood , Once again , just what it is We are fighting for . You know , I will take you up on that baboon beer . ( screen clatters shut ) Oh . A phone ! ( speaks foreign language ) thank you . Thank you So much . Thank you , thank you . Wait-wait ... There was a ... There was a cub ( speaks foreign language ) in there . In-in the box , A cub , there was a cub , there was a little , uh , uh , he was A small , uh , uh , leopard . A small , uh ... Do you know where he is ? Is he okay ? Posivak ? Posivak ? Posivak . ( low snarling ) Oh , my god . Posivak . ( low snarling ) Posivak . ( laughs softly ) ( panting ) ( music playing softly in background ) ( sighs ) Well , bomba , it looks like it 's just me and you again . Closing time , man . Yeah , I know . You 'll be able to get home all right ? Oh , yeah . What can the animals do to me that ... Humans haven 't done already ? ( cell phone chiming ) Mitch morgan , totally awesome scientist . Mitch . Mitch , can you hear me ? ( staticky ) : It 's me . It 's jamie . No , it isn 't . Jamie 's dead . Uh , who-who ... Who is this ? You don 't even ... You don 't even sound like her . Okay , are you gonna stop being an ass for a second And listen to me ? It is me , I am alive , and ... And I 'm really glad you are , too . Um ... It really is you . It 's really good to hear your voice . It 's really good to hear yours , too . ( laughs ) I still have it . I have the leopard , I have the cure . Okay , uh ... You still have it . ( mitch laughing ) Hey , kids . What happened to you ? Cut myself snarking . What 's your excuse ? Baboons . Of course . Jamie 's alive . Can you believe that ? Unbelievable . ( vehicle approaches ) hey , Here he is . Hey . Hello , professor . ( laughs ) : Hey , chloe . ( chuckling ) chloe : Hi . All right , so ... What 's the plan ? We drive to delaware . There is a boat that will take us to jamie . A boat ? Yeah . It 'll take 18 hours or so , but , You know- - air travel . Yeah , I 'm okay not getting on a plane for a while . Hey ... What is that ? You all right ? Oh , yeah , yeah , yeah , it 's nothing . It 's a dog bite , it 's fine . That needs to be cleaned up . Doesn 't look to good . Yeah . Hold on . What the hell ? ( elephants trumpeting , animals grunting , growling ) ( animals snarling , screeching ) This doesn 't look so good , either . ( roaring ) Any ideas ? ( roaring , snarling ) I 'm open to suggestions . ( roaring ) ( roaring ) ( bellowing , neighing ) ( elephant trumpeting , animals snarling ) Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
