 ♪ ♪ [ electricity crackling ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] [ sirens wail in distance ] [ explosion in distance ] [ sirens wail ] [ gasping ] Man : Did you see what he did ? ! Whoa ! [ tires screech ] whoa . Sorry . I - - i 'm sorry . [ panting ] [ screams ] [ panting ] I 'm sorry . I don 't know what 's happening to me . [ screams ] I 'm just trying to get to the hospital ! Please ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! [ tires screeching ] Hands in the air ! Now ! We have the alien threat surrounded . 5th , between pike and union . He 's in our sights , ma 'am . Rosalind : Contain the subject . Use lethal force if necessary . Lethal force ? I 'm not trying to do this ! I need help ! Stay right there , damn it ! Hands up ! Okay , okay . Now turn around , hands on the hood , real slow . I 'll do whatever you say , but please don 't hurt me . Honestly , i - - i don 't know what - - what 's - - what 's Happening to me . Hey , wait a minute ! Freeze ! Get down on the ground ! Get him ! [ gunshots ] [ siren wailing ] [ panting ] Hey ! I spot him in the alley ! [ rumbling ] ♪ ♪ Hey . What 's your name ? Guy , what 's your name ? Joey . Joey . Okay , my name 's daisy , i 'm with s.H.I.E.L.D. , And we 're here for your protection . There 's more on the way . First unit 's down or wetting themselves . That s.U.V. Got the point across . Joey , joey . J- - Joey ! Stay with me , okay ? ! I know you 're scared And your world 's being turned upside down . But believe it or not , i 've been through this , okay ? I can help . We 'll get you out of here . [ beeping ] it 's you who made the car , the people , and the thing ... You 're gonna want to stand well clear of that , mate . Didn 't i tell you ? I know it 's a lot to take in . But right now , you have very few options and zero time , So , please , just go with it . We 'll be right there with you . It 's not like this day can get any crazier , right ? Right ? [ breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ I take that back ! Chemical hazard . Mask on . They were right here . What the hell happened ? They 're gone . ♪ ♪ Mack : How are you holding up in there , buddy ? Fine . I guess . I hope this is going somewhere other than higher . Rest easy . We 're almost there . ♪ ♪ We had him pinned down , but the target has escaped . He didn 't escape . He was extracted . We 'll secure the area , clean up , contain the situation . Manage it without making any more noise . There were helicopters this time , for god 's sake . It is getting harder for this to go unnoticed . [ camera shutter clicks ] ♪ ♪ We 'll leave you to it . [ breathing rapidly ] who are you ? W-what is this ? What is s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Did you do this to me ? We try to protect people like you from the world Or from yourself , Unless we have to defend the world against you . People like me ? What is happening to me ? You 've experienced what 's called a bio-morphic event . Short version - - your dna changed . And the long version ? Is ... Long , but right now , You need to understand that you will survive this . Okay . Okay , s-so you guys can cure me . I 'm sorry . We just learn to live with it . It may feel like your life has ended , But it 's just ... Got more interesting . More interesting ? I 'm not a freaking ted talk . Did you see the power line hit that tanker truck ? I 'm literally a catastrophic meltdown . Everything was ... Wait , wait , wait . Why - - why isn 't this box liquefying Or this plane or whatever the hell this is ? It 's poly-tectic adaptive materials . Each module can be customized . So , you 're safe in there , and we 're safe from you . I don 't feel safe . I feel like my skin 's crawling And my organs are shifting and - - Joey , just take a breath . First thing you need is rest , medically speaking . We 'll be in the air for a couple more hours , And you will be in this box , so why don 't you lie down ? You 'll feel better after some sleep . [ sighs ] Well ... Thanks , whatever your name is . Daisy . Well , thank you , daisy , For not letting them shoot me in the head . Uh , oh , one last thing - - Do you take vitamins every day , joey ? Fish oil ? Not every day . All right . Get some rest . How 's he doing ? Okay . For now . Third incident already this month , But at least we were able to get our hands on this one . The rate of new cases is increasing . We knew it would after the initial reports . A new inhuman could emerge anywhere Without having any idea what 's happened . Only in the continental u.S. So far . Plus , this new aircraft can stay in the air Much longer than the old plane . Days , really , so rapid response anywhere is - - You love your new toy , don 't you ? I very much love my new toy , But even with the mind-boggling range on this puppy ... Inhumans are still disappearing . This is the first one in a while we 've been able to secure . Well , it 's no mystery who 's taking them . That black-ops group was there before us . I know . Again . Whoever they are . How many do you think they 've taken ? We know of at least five sightings , Five individuals who vanished before we could get to them . But the real mystery is , who 's running that group ? Not if you did your part . Hmm . How did it feel to join the paparazzi , phil ? I think i might have missed my calling . I have every body , every piece of software Tasked with identifying that woman So we can figure out where she 's taking inhumans And what exactly she plans to do with them . Rosalind : Make it top priority . We 'll find them . Just find out who 's running them . I 'll handle the rest . Anyone in particular i should be looking at ? I have a few names . Meanwhile , tighten your belt So they don 't catch you with your pants down again . This metamorphosis is becoming less rare . [ sighs ] And i don 't like that one of them got away . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey . Who the hell are you ? My name 's bobbi . As in the name usually short for " robert , " But in my case , " barbara , " which , to me , is worse . This room is all yours , So feel free to make yourself at home . When you change , Just put your clothing and any personal belongings In the drawer over here for analysis . The screen will then ask you To perform a series of medical scans . I know that you 're not a huge fan of check-ups , But this will be painless . No offense , but i don 't know you , So don 't act like you know a damn thing about me . I know you put off your yearly physicals At least once every year . I know that your ex-boyfriend was a health nut And was on you to take better care of yourself . But it wasn 't until you two broke up That you finally got your gym membership . You 've been spying on me ? Looked at your facebook page . I did see enough to know that you 're generally more concerned For others than you are for yourself . [ breathes deeply ] Did i hurt anyone ? Probably . But there have been no reported fatalities - - Not yet , anyway , so it 's a good thing . Daisy will be in soon to give you the rundown . [ beep ] But know that you 're not a danger to anyone in here . And you 're safe from those people out there Who were trying to hurt you . Whoever they are . Hunter : They 're not hydra . You know , i 've been digging , And my street sources tell me hydra 's gone silent - - Eerily silent , yes , but - - Yeah , the hydra finances we track are static . No money 's changing hands . And by the looks of the hardware These gung-ho nutters are using , They 're well-funded . So if this woman 's not hydra , what is she ? Everything else . I mean , look at this - - two years cia ... Is that mi6 ? Yeah , under which time , She was consulting with the cdc , apparently . All under different aliases . Oh , i like her . Yeah , but how are we supposed to track down someone like this ? We can 't look everywhere . If we can trace that hardware , That could give us a place to start . Take that down to bobbi in the lab . Have the team analyze it . Oh , no , no , no , no , no . No , no , i 'm - - i 'm ... Not going anywhere near bobbi . Fine . I 'll take it to her myself . Wouldn 't want you to do anything That makes you feel uncomfortable . [ beep ] yeah , i know that 's sarcasm , And i 'm choosing to accept your thoughtfulness at face value . Mack , you should head downstairs , assist skye with intake . Daisy . Daisy . Damn it . Hard for us to get used to , huh ? Mm ... No . No , just you . Okay . So , what do we know about this josé gutierrez ? He goes by joey . Construction foreman , motorcycle enthusiast . Appears to be able to liquefy certain metals spontaneously At a distance of up to 3 meters . Yeah . And understandably , That development has scared the living crap out of him . Daisy : Hey , joey . May we come in ? You 're in . This is my partner , mack . We 're just gonna talk . So , she 's the greeting party , and you 're the muscle , huh ? Believe me , she is the muscle . He looks big and intimidating . But inside , he 's just a soft , Little , fluffy little teddy bear . Yay . How are you feeling ? [ sighs ] Like a stranger in my own body who i hate . Nice of you to ask . So , as i said , this phenomenon is mostly - - You know what ? Lay it on me . You don 't have to soften the blows anymore . Thanks . All right . Um ... There exists a small percentage of the population With a dormant alien gene mixed into their dna . There 's a chemical compound that activates this gene , Giving them unnatural abilities . Okay . This chemical compound , called terrigen , Was recently released into our ecosystem . And you , joey , are one of the first people with this gene To come into contact with it . So ... I 'm an alien ? Part alien . Welcome to the club . We call ourselves inhumans . [ chuckles ] Okay . [ laughing ] [ chuckles nervously ] All right . [ laughing ] At least it 's , uh - - it 's a good drinking story . I can 't wait to tell my friends . Unfortunately , you 're gonna have to wait . What does that mean ? We can 't let you leave before we know You have your abilities under control . And even then , only if we decide you 're stable enough Not to use them unless absolutely necessary . And even then , we ... We can 't let you go back to your old life , joe . What ? I 'm so sorry . It 's just the reality . Wait , wait . You 're not saying i can 't go and have a beer anytime soon . You 're saying i can 't go back to my life , ever ? Not in the foreseeable future . The first step is control , But then s.H.I.E.L.D. Will set you up with a new identity - - But i like - - i like my life . [ sighs ] It has taken me a long time to get here , To build a life where i 'm actually comfortable , Much less happy . I 'm not about to toss it . As a matter of fact , now that i think about it , I 'd like to get back to it right now . [ beep ] reporter : ... Are unsure what to call this , Whether it was a calculated alien attack Or an experiment gone wrong . [ beep ] ... Get too close , but , uh , he was a latino guy . Normal . Uh , he had this crazy look in his eyes . [ beep ] reporter : ... Manhunt is under way . Authorities are asking witnesses to come forward With any information that could lead to the capture ... The world 's been a little twitchy Since sokovia fell out of the sky . Right now , your apartment is being torn apart , And your relatives are being questioned . So i need to get to them before - - Your best-case scenario out there Is that black-ops group kills you quick Before you bring a building down on someone . S.H.I.E.L.D. Is your best option . Let me the hell out of here . Let me out . Calm down . Joey , you will lose control if you don 't calm down . Let me out ! Let me out ! Now , joey ! Stop ! [ rumbling ] New readings on the monolith ? Nope . That was daisy firing a warning shot . No new readings , no new anything on the monolith in months . Fitz even stopped sending automated probes into that room . No one 's stepped foot in there since ... Simmons was swallowed up by it . This was fish oil again ? What can i say ? We pulled the product off shelves , But we can 't track down every bottle sold . The good news , if you want to call it that , Is the deadly metallic elements sank to the bottom , So the chemical contaminating the sea life Isn 't deadly to humans , just game-changing for inhumans . The bad news ... It 's not just in the fish oil . Where else could it have spread ? Other sea life . With ocean currents , it 's dispersed into the ecosystem . I need to know how wide a range we 're talking . Fitz and i have the team working on a computer simulation . That biology degree 's finally coming in handy , huh ? Leaving me stuck staring at screens in here For all eternity . I get it . Rehab 's a bitch . At least you 're not hoping your knee will grow back . Sorry . I 'm just frustrated . The simulation 's taking a while . Have fitz look into this , too . If we can figure out where it came from ... We could narrow the search on the mystery girl . I 'm sure she 'd prefer " mystery woman . " Oh , and by the way , where is he ? Fitz ? He requested yesterday To do some research at s.H.I.E.L.D. Archives , But i haven 't seen him all day . I 'll call him in . He 's chasing down one last lead on the monolith . He 's had a lot of last leads . I know . With him , i - - i just try to - - we all do . But i 'd rather have him with his head in the game Than banging it against a wall . I 'll call him in . Thank you . [ sighs ] [ beep ] Fitz : Go for fitz . You need to come in . Coulson has some weaponry he wants you to examine . It 's pressing . You can handle that , though , yeah ? For a biologist , you 're pretty good with forensics . Fitz , i can 't cover for you anymore . I 'll get started , but you need to get in here . We need you here . Yeah , i 'll head back there in a minute . I just need to check out one last thing . Soon . All right ? Yeah , copy that . Call me if you hit a snag . [ beep ] ♪ ♪ Just one last thing . ♪ ♪ She 'll be down that way . Mister ? A man like you should not go to that place alone , Though i will not go with you . Okay . Just ... Stay close . [ speaking arabic ] [ chuckles ] We speak english , my friend . But you do not speak arabic . I 'm looking for yusef hadad . Is he here ? I 'd like to see him . But does yusef want to see you ? I 'm fairly certain he 's gonna want what 's in this case . Let me take a look , huh ? I 'll decide . Hey , wait . Ah . I want to see yusef . You understand ? Or is your english worse than you think ? Suit yourself . We lost fitz again , huh ? He out there chasing down another ghost story ? He has a theory . He 's always got another theory . That 's why i locked up that damn rock and won 't let anyone in . He wouldn 't dare go in there . He 's not totally irrational . Process of digging just helps him cope . No , it keeps him from coping . Look , i love the fact that he won 't give up hope - - i do . But the man 's a scientist , and ... The evidence is pointing one way . I know , but ... I 'm not gonna have this talk with him . Are you ? So ... Let him dig . [ gun cocks ] Fire in the hole . Without him , i need your eyes on this . Well , it 's a prototype . That 's what i was thinking . Thumb detection in the handle ... I had to bypass it , yeah . Liquid-helium-cooled , titanium barrel and slide ... You ask me , it looks like an emerging technologies design . Darpa , maybe ? Yeah , that 's what i thought . So you didn 't need my damn eyes on this at all , huh ? No , i ... Yes , thank you . Yeah . We can run some surveillance on known darpa facilities . It could be black market . You should ask hunter to contact the back-alley traders he knows . Hunter 's not talking to me . [ sighs ] You know why ? I do . I hope you know what you 're doing And this doesn 't end in complete disaster . Team 's fallen apart enough as it is . Can 't afford any more trouble . You want to see yusef , let 's go . [ sighs ] So , we tried to open this case of yours , But as you can see ... We could not . We 'd like you to do that for us now . I 'll open it and give you what 's inside , no problem . But only in exchange for something in your possession . How about in exchange for your life ? No deal . A man with nothing to lose . Okay , listen , ' cause i 'm only gonna say this once . I 've already lost a friend , And it may sound strange , but to get her back , I need to understand the properties Of an ancient monolith . Now , i 've learned it was buried in the yucatan After being dragged around the earth for a few hundred years . And originally found with it , were artifacts - - Mostly worthless , except one - - A scroll casing , over 1,000 years old . The casing holds a parchment Which reportedly describes exactly what this monolith is , Which is what i want to know . And i tracked the scroll casing - - not easy - - Through history , to mosul 's central museum in iraq . But it was taken by your extremist buddies When they ransacked the place this year . Now , i 'm 90 % sure it 's in this room . So you can either hand it over in exchange for what 's in there , Or you could spill my guts in the sand And use the briefcase as a booster seat . [ sighs ] It 's totally your call . [ clears throat ] [ breathing shakily ] [ thud ] Now ... Open the case . [ beeping ] [ briefcase chimes ] [ latches click ] These are ... Splinter bombs . The very same used in the u.N. Attack And used to kill sunil bakshi . That name should mean something to you . One of these killed him ? Yeah , separated his atoms , leaving no remains . This woman you went to all this trouble for ... You love her , yeah ? Yeah . Only love can make a man so stupid . [ laughter ] No remains , you said , huh ? Should be easy to clean up . [ high-pitched ringing ] [ all screaming ] [ gunshots ] [ shouting in arabic ] [ tires squeal ] [ gunshots ] Aah . Daisy : He 's going nuts . Joey 's having a tough time . The change is hard enough physically . But emotionally , it 's a whole other thing . I tried talking him down , but i blew it in there . And mack is not exactly coming off as a teddy bear . You just told the guy i 'm a teddy bear . And then you told him The best-case scenario was his head blown off . Yeah . I need help , And there 's one person who 's better at that than anyone . Lincoln ? You really want to go there again ? He could help with intake . Plus , he understands the physical change . He 's a doctor , whereas we don 't even know What medical treatments to give . Last time you tried to sell him on it , He wasn 't exactly buying . I 'd like to try again . Mack , what 's your take ? I voiced my feelings about letting lincoln roam free . I 'd gladly drag him in here where he can 't hurt anyone , But if daisy can talk him in ... He might actually do some good . Both of you go . Requisition a flight team and a quinjet . Hey , coulson , got her . Weapon is a darpa prototype . We tapped surveillance at multiple darpa facilities , Got a hit - - the d.C. Branch office . She visits every few days . A routine . Tell me there 's a window where we can get to her . It 's a small one . Every night she visits , She leaves at approximately 9 : 00 p.M. With a small security detail . They 're all three dropped at the metro station on 12th Half an hour later . Her escorts buy her a coffee on the walk to the platform . But she boards the 9 : 35 train alone . Sits in the middle , drinks her coffee , and answers e-mails . It 's the only time she 's alone all day . You 're not an easy person to pin down . Really ? 'cause you were no trouble at all . [ guns cock ] ♪ ♪ Sir , i have trouble counting without using my fingers , But i think there 's more of them than us . Roger that . Thanks , hunter . I would have sent a car , but then you would have Suspected something , mr . Coulson . And what should i call you ? Mrs. Kinley ? Ms. Mcbride ? So many stage names to choose from . Call me rosalind . Rosalind . I know that 's the name you went by at nasa . At nasa , they tend to stick to last names , actually . The whole east-coast flight-school mentality Is so deeply embedded . And yet you somehow came to it through the d.O.D. Space exploration and the defense department No longer eat at separate tables . But they also don 't like to share recipes . You tend to vanish , Then materialize within the walls of a rival agency . I feel like i 'm talking to a ghost . Whereas i 'm talking to a corpse . You 're not the only one who did the homework . I guess not . In the eyes of the public , s.H.I.E.L.D. No longer exists . And you were killed long before The agency you worked for was pronounced dead . Yet somehow , you both rise from the ashes . If i wasn 't so intrigued , i 'd be terrified . I got a feeling nothing scares you . Not true . But i 'm certainly not intimidated By you staking out my route home , Resorting to kgb-style tactics of intimidation . I wouldn 't know . I haven 't spent as much time as you have Working with russian counterintelligence . And i haven 't spent any time in tahiti , Though i hear it 's a magical place . Let 's both agree that we enjoy a good secret , Though mine do appear a bit old-hat next to yours . Got to get with the times , roz . You don 't want to be left in the dust . That 's why i plan to detain you - - So it stops happening . Two teams in position at the next stop , ma 'am . That 's one team for each of us . Again , killing it with math . But i do hope that we can continue this conversation In a more intimate setting . I 'm perfectly happy to answer any questions That might be bothering you now . Incarceration doesn 't seem totally necessary . Nice of you to be so accommodating . Then tell me ... Where are you hiding them ? You finish your rounds , lincoln ? I 'm trying . Patient in 305 's a little bit of a talker , i hear . [ chuckles ] What are you doing here ? I said to leave me alone . I wouldn 't be here if it wasn 't important . We need your help . I told you , i don 't know anything about that damn rock . I 'm sorry , what happened to your friend , But all i heard was that it 's lethal . It 's not the monolith . We found a new inhuman . And he 's not the first , and you know there will be more . No one is better at helping these people transition Than you . You taught me that it 's a gift . I was wrong . I was regurgitating a lie they shoved down my throat . It 's a curse . You of all people should know that . Look , i get that you 're trying to build a life here - - Yes , a normal life , so stay out of it , please . But our heritage - - Let it die . You 're not walking out of here Till my partner has said her piece . I think i made it pretty clear . I 'm not taking orders from anyone anymore . Rosalind : These altered humans are a threat , And i am in charge of neutralizing that threat . " by any means necessary " sounds like it 's coming next . And who do you answer to ? Mr. Coulson , it 's others who answer to me . The laws of nature have changed . And until the laws of man change to reflect that , We can only do what we feel is right . I agree , i think . I know you do . So i understand the trail of bodies you 're leaving behind . The dead ones i won 't hold against you . It 's the ones you 're sheltering - - Dead ones ? I haven 't killed anyone . We 've had some vanish before we could secure them . Then how do you explain the carcasses we 've recovered ? Blasted with some sort of energy weapon . That 's not us . It 's not us , either . Wait , is this still cagey banter , Or are we being honest all of a sudden ? If you 're not killing these individuals , then who is ? Get your hand off me ! Mack : You better watch your tone . You 're lucky we haven 't dragged you in For that crap you pulled on the aircraft carrier . Mack ... I saw the men you took down . They barely recovered . Then you know what i 'm capable of . I 'm not scared of you . You should be . [ electricity crackles ] whoa ! Lincoln , cool down . This isn 't me . ♪ ♪ [ woman screams ] Stop right there ! [ groaning ] Now tell me where to find the inhuman ! I don 't know ! [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ Never mind . [ electricity crackling ] [ both grunting ] [ rumbling ] [ panting ] We 'll have to hit this thing with everything we 've got . And i need a bigger gun , i guess . Or my ax . Or maybe a shotgun-ax combination of some sort . Oh , we going in here ? Yeah , that makes sense . [ cellphones ringing ] Coulson : If we 're both getting the call , Then i think we know what it 's about . [ chuckles ] you 'll have to excuse me . [ ringing continues ] If you don 't take it out of my pocket , It 's just gonna ring like that forever . [ ringing continues ] ♪ ♪ [ beeping ] i guess you guys didn 't do all your homework . That many ? In a hospital ? How close is the response team ? [ rumbling ] ♪ ♪ [ electricity crackles ] [ rumbling ] [ grunting ] [ siren wailing ] He 's gone ! Soldier : Contain the alien threats at all costs . Use lethal force if necessary . Come with us . We 'll keep you safe . Your life is in danger . My life is in ruins . Lincoln ! Daisy , daisy ! He 's on his own . We got to get you out of here . They 're hunting you , too . Come on . Let 's go . Want to tell me why you 're not speaking to me ? [ sighs ] [ locker slams ] Because You 're not supposed to see the bride on the wedding day . So , are we gonna do this or what ? I asked for the ring back because i paid for it , Not as a meaningful gesture of any kind . But thanks , oh , great master of melodrama . Why ? Because it wasn 't at all melodramatic When you whispered on your death bed , " i can 't do this anymore . " I meant pretend not to You know ... I didn 't mean that we should make the tragic mistake Of marrying each other ... Again . [ scoffs ] call it what you will , But you 've got the ring you once threw in my face , And we 're shagging on the regular , So only thing missing is a piece of paper . And your ring , not that you know where it is . I know exactly where it is . Just don 't personally own the scuba-diving equipment To retrieve it . You don 't care about the money . That ring is cheap-ass . I wanted something to hold onto ... If your mind really is made up . I 'm going after him , bob . Coulson 's given me the green light . I 've chased down all the hydra intel i can from on high . If my hunch is right , i need to get to ground . We agreed that you 'd wait till i was 100 % . And every day , i 'm pushing myself , Getting better , stronger . A few more weeks - - i 'll be better without you . On my own turf , calling in favors , whatever it takes . I 'm gonna hunt that son of a bitch down . It 's on . President ellis : Good evening . I 'm here tonight to address growing concerns Among our citizens of the threats we face That are not of this world . I don 't need to remind people of the catastrophes In new york , london , and most recently sokovia , Tragedies that seem to be growing in number and scale . And the organization we had in place to protect us , S.H.I.E.L.D. , Brought airships raining down in our nation 's capital . Every day , new dangers present themselves , Filling our peaceful streets with chaos . Bigger . By executive order , i have created a special task force To neutralize these alien threats on our soil . The advanced threat containment unit , or atcu , Will be given full license To act with whatever authority is necessary . The laws of nature have changed . And until the laws of man change to reflect that , We must do what we feel is right . People really do answer to you , don 't they . Reporter : Mr. President ! One question ! Quick question ! Reporter # 2 : Mr. President , how do you respond to reports That the recent incidents are , in fact , Due to the spread of an alien contagion ? These are rumors . They are not true . They are fabrications Meant to boost ratings and cause hysteria . Any and all possibilities are being taken very seriously By the atcu . But if this is an outbreak , Shouldn 't the public be made aware ? I think we should be careful , The words we start throwing around . The last thing we need is panic in the streets . Any threat will be eliminated , i can assure you . People have a right to know . Are the infected among us ? Thank you . That 'll be all for today . I 've lived with a secret before . I was miserable until i came out with it . This secret ... The world 's not ready to hear . [ breathing heavily ] I 've been waiting for a while . Had to be done . It 's my last shot . What 's supposed to be in there ? The answer . You 've thought you 've had the answers before . I think you 've considered every possible answer ... Except the obvious one . [ drawer slams ] You thought simmons was trapped inside the monolith , But every instrument scan showed The stone was solid all the way through . After hearing about the pym technologies disaster , You even thought she 'd been reduced to a microscopic level . But no evidence supported that . And now ... And now i think - - i know - - it 's a black hole . It 's dark matter made solid . It can warp space-time . It - - look , regardless - - okay ? - - This is gonna tell us exactly what that monolith is . So ... [ thud ] Should we scan it ? See if the computer can decipher what the - - It 's hebrew . It 's just one word . What does it mean ? Death . Fitz , i 'm gonna make the trip to sheffield . Jemma 's family deserves to know that she 's m.I.A. Ohh . They need to be able to move on . And so do we . You have shown so much heart , never giving up on simmons , And i will always , always respect you for it . But look around . We need you . We need that big brain of yours and that heart here . Okay ? I miss her , too . I 'm having a hard time accepting it - - all of it . I-i 'm on my third hand , But nothing feels normal because nothing will feel normal . May took off on vacation and never came back , So i lost my right hand , too . We have got to accept it , to say goodbye . We need to say goodbye . Jemma would want us to do that . Okay ? Okay . [ sighs ] Oh ... [ sighs ] [ sniffling ] [ sighs ] ♪ ♪ Do something . [ breathing heavily ] Do something ! [ screaming ] Do something ! Do someth-i-i-i-ing ! [ panting ] [ panting ] [ panting ] [ sighs ] [ breathing shakily ] [ growling in distance ]
