 Narrator : Battles waged in the sky . DAVID WILCOCK : The scripture says that Lord Salva 's flying craft crashes to the Earth . Narrator : Weapons with unimaginable power . WILLIAM HENRY : According to the Sumerian myths , one planet was completely destroyed . Narrator : And evidence of advanced technology thousands of years ago . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : The structures themselves , they 're replicas of the machines that our ancestors witnessed . Narrator : Accounts of wars among the gods can be found in ancient legends throughout the world . Might these stories really describe battles between alien beings ? And if so , are they still being waged today ? GEORGE NOORY : I think there 's no question that there 's a warring faction here on this planet between extraterrestrials . Narrator : Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , might Earth have been the site of alien wars ? Narrator : London , England . March 19 , 2002 . Officers with the British National Hi-Tech Crime Unit arrest 34-year-old Scottish systems administrator Gary McKinnon , charging him with hacking into top-secret Pentagon and NASA computers over a 13-month period . In response , McKinnon goes public , claiming he was searching for government-suppressed information on UFOs and alternative energy . But he says that what he found instead is evidence of an even greater conspiracy . Without doubt , the most fascinating discovery that McKinnon said he made were files that referenced something called non-terrestrial officers . McKinnon talked about how these officers were supposedly assigned to certain ships that began with the designation USSS , suggesting United States Space Ships . In McKinnon 's mind , he uncovered nothing less than firm proof of a clandestine , highly classified . U.S. military space program that ran alongside NASA 's regular space program . Narrator : Might the United States military really have a secret space program ? But if so , why ? Are they preparing for a space-based war with other nations or other species ? According to former Canadian Defense Minister Paul Hellyer , U.S. officials are withholding information about their contact with alien beings . PAUL HELLYER : I was privy to a lot of things and some of it , for me , very frightening , very disturbing . UFOs are real . The United States government had been in contact with them . Narrator : In September of 2005 , Hellyer made headlines by publicly announcing that UFOs do , in fact , exist . He would later state that it is not just one race of alien beings that is visiting Earth but many , a claim that is supported by astronaut Edgar Mitchell , the sixth person ever to walk on the moon . HELLYER : When Apollo astronaut Ed Mitchell came to Toronto soon after I went public , we invited him to dinner . His question to me was , " How many species do you think there are ? " And I said , " Somewhere between two and 12 . " And he said , " Yes , that 's what I think , too . " What has happened in the intervening years is that the number keeps growing . TSOUKALOS : I think that , just like there 's multiple species here on Earth , there are multiple species out there . WILCOCK : I 've had insiders that have told me this to my face that we already have diplomatic relationships with a variety of extraterrestrial species and cultures . HELLYER : I know , for example , that they have two or three species of Greys . We know that there are the praying mantis and reptilians of various sorts . And so these are the ... sort of the principal ones that we talk about , because it 's something you can get your mind around . Narrator : Could there really be numerous races of extraterrestrial beings visiting Earth ? And if so , are they all part of a unified confederation ? Ancient astronaut theorists say no , and some government insiders like Paul Hellyer claim that these different alien species have competing agendas , agendas that are not always favorable for humans . HELLYER : I think there is a worrisome situation that we have to look at , uh , very quickly and that is whether or not one or two of them might covet some of our territory and might , as a result of that , want to reduce the human population . Are they interested in our best interests , or are they interested in their best interests ? In which case we should find out about it before it 's too late . Narrator : Could the assertions that extraterrestrial beings are at war over the control of planet Earth actually be true ? According to ancient astronaut theorists , evidence of such a conflict does exist , and it has been going on for thousands of years . Mumbai , India . January 4 , 2015 . The 102nd Indian Science Congress , along with the University of Mumbai , hosts a symposium titled . " Ancient Sciences through Sanskrit . " The Sanskrit texts that are the focus of the symposium are Hinduism 's most ancient writings . Included within them along with poetry , drama , science , and philosophy are accounts of great wars between powerful gods who came from the sky . The great Hindu texts , the Mahabharata , the Ramayana and the Vedas , are the ancient wisdom stories of the continent . The stories are vivid and gripping . Many of them have to do with great conflicts and wars . The gods are forever in battle with each other , using extraordinary equipment . LAYNE LITTLE : For the most part , these stories are , like the epics , filled with cosmic battles . Battles between the gods in the celestial realm dominate Hindu mythos . Narrator : At the Indian Science Congress , a number of scientists and scholars make a highly controversial proposal . That these ancient Hindu texts dating as far back as 1700 B.C. are not simply mythology , but are accounts of real historical characters and events , and depict advanced technology that truly existed thousands of years ago . Could it be true ? It is a question that has been debated by both Hindu scholars and ancient astronaut theorists alike . The Hindu story of the Mahabharata is loaded with references to what seems to be extraterrestrial technology . You 've got flying vehicles , you 've got weapons that are voice-activated , you have destructions of civilizations by what seems like nuclear detonation . DEEPAK SHIMKHAD : Hindus believe that these stories are not simply myth . They are historical records because Mahabharata and the Ramayana are not called myth . They are actually called " Itihasas . " " Itihasas " meaning history . For Hindus , these texts stand as historical records of past kings and past happenings that happened long , long , long time ago . Narrator : Could the Sanskrit texts really contain historical accounts of warfare waged between gods that were physically present here on Earth , as many Hindus believe ? And if so , are these same beings in conflict over the fate of planet Earth even today ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest physical evidence can be found in India that proves these accounts are not simply mythology . Narrator : Dwarka , Northwest India . 1983 . Marine archeologist Dr. S.R. Rao begins a ten-year underwater exploration just off the coast of this ancient fishing town , and what he finds is stunning . Starting at 20 feet beneath the surface of the ocean are sandstone walls , cobblestone streets , and further evidence of what once was a prosperous seaport . At Dwarka , what has been found so far under the ocean is incredibly tantalizing . For instance , there 's this huge wall , estimated about 580 meters long . So , this is not insignificant , and this would suggest that this was a sophisticated dwelling area . Narrator : Further underwater excavations and geological evidence indicate the ruins are part of a city that suddenly became submerged in 1443 B.C. The discovery of these ruins is a major archeological find , but for some , even more significant is where the ruins were found . For centuries , the modern day city of Dwarka was thought by many Hindus to be the Dwarka described in the Mahabharata as the ancient kingdom of the god Krishna . According to the text , during the Kurukshetra war , a rival to Krishna Lord Salva attacked Dwarka from a flying chariot , raining down weapons of mass destruction that lit up the sky . He actually flew over Dwarka using his chariot , and he started bombarding the city of Dwarka , throwing down all kinds of weapons . Finally , Krishna employs his own incredible weapon and blows the thing out of the sky . It says in the scripture that Lord Salva 's flying craft itself comes smoldering out of the sky and crashes to the earth . This suggests that there was machines involved in the war , machines that could fly . Shortly after the great war , Krishna is killed , and the city , this magnificent city built on land that came out of the sea , sank back into the ocean again . It only existed during the time that Krishna lived there . Narrator : Most historians dismiss this war of the gods as folklore . But could these underwater ruins be evidence that the ancient Hindu texts are based in actual history ? It seems to confirm the ancient myths , the ancient legends they have a basis in reality . Narrator : Ancient astronaut theorists suggest further evidence can be found at Mahabalipuram , an ancient port city located along India 's southeastern coast . According to ancient stories , six of seven pagodas that once stood at Mahabalipuram were lost due to a great deluge sent to destroy the city by the Hindu god Indra . Just as in the case of Dwarka , historians and archeologists dismissed the story of the missing six temples as myth . But on December 26 , 2004 , a massive tsunami caused water levels to temporarily drop , exposing a number of mysterious-looking formations along the shoreline . Upon closer inspection , they were found to be manmade structures , and quite possibly the ruins of the lost pagodas of Mahabalipuram . Archeologists went diving into this area , and also found that there was basically a sunken city there . And so , this would indicate that the legends are really correct about this place . That , in fact , it was destroyed in some kind of a flood , just as the legends said . Narrator : If recent archeological finds have proven that the City of Krishna and the Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram really did exist , then might that mean that the stories of these sites being attacked from the sky are true , as well ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining the many ancient stone structures of Mahabalipuram called " rathas . " TSOUKALOS : All over Mahabalipuram , there are these tower-like structures that are called " rathas . " Rathas can be translated with " sky city , " " house of the gods " or even " sky ship " . LITTLE : These are temples , but simultaneously , they are seen as being movable vehicles in which gods ... the gods can come to Earth , can come to the presence of the worshippers . You 'll see that there are all these little ... They 're called " kudo . " There are little windows that are shaped like horseshoes . And even in those little windows , you 'll see peering out the faces of the gods . In many temples throughout India , you 'll actually see gigantic wheels added as a motif on the base of these temples , just to remind the worshippers that these are moving chariots . They were the vimanas of the gods . The stone structures themselves are replicas of the machines that our ancestors witnessed . Narrator : Do the ruins off the coast of Dwarka and Mahabalipuram , along with the stone temples and carvings found throughout India provide a physical record of the advanced warfare described in the ancient Hindu texts ? And if so , were these wars waged between opposing factions of extraterrestrial beings ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining the historical records of ancient Mesopotamia . Narrator : Wittenberg , Germany . 1766 . Astronomer Johann Daniel Titius proposes that there is a consistent pattern in the layout of the planets of our solar system ... except for one highly unusual anomaly . The distribution of the planets in the solar system has always been a puzzle . They seem to be spaced out according to some sort of mathematical arrangement . But there 's a big gap between Mars and Jupiter , and when you look there today , what we see is the asteroids , lots and lots of rocky fragments . Narrator : The discovery led astronomers to conclude that there had to at one time have been a planet between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter . And what lies within this gap now is an asteroid belt . Many scientists speculate that these asteroids are the remnants of a world that was destroyed thousands of years ago by some cosmic collision . But according to ancient astronaut theorist . Zecharia Sitchin , the destruction of this lost planet may not have been due to natural causes . As evidence , he cited the stories of the oldest known civilization the Sumerians . The Sumerian myths point to the idea that there was this phenomenal cosmic battle . That the gods fought amongst themselves across the cosmos , one planet fighting another planet . And that , in fact , one planet was completely destroyed during this cosmic battle . And as a result of that , they destroyed their home world and had to reestablish civilization on a new planet . Narrator : Is it possible that there was once a planet between Mars and Jupiter that was home to intelligent life ? And if so , might its destruction have come as the result of an alien war ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that a recent NASA discovery may provide evidence that the survivors of this conflict took refuge on a celestial body located within the asteroid belt . On February 19 , 2015 , NASA 's Dawn spacecraft sent back to Earth images of mysterious bright lights reflecting off the surface of a dwarf planet called Ceres . While some scientists have suggested that the lights are the result of something natural , like an ice field or escaping gas , higher resolution images have failed to uncover the true cause of the reflections . Four months later , in June , the Dawn spacecraft captured even more incredible images images that reveal what looks like a three-mile-tall pyramid . MARTELL : These are possibly technological structures . So this brings up the question , is it possible that these were built by extraterrestrials ? Instead of looking at the creation myths from Sumer as mythology , maybe this is scientific data that we should be revisiting . Narrator : Might further exploration of Ceres reveal evidence that it once served as refuge for the survivors of an alien war ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim that according to the Sumerian texts , these warring extraterrestrial factions also took refuge on another planet Earth . And they propose that stories found throughout the world of gods waging battle in the skies suggest that this otherworldly conflict continued once the survivors reached their new home planet . All over the world , we 're seeing evidence of these ancient wars that took place . They took place in Greece , they took place in Norse mythology , all throughout Mesoamerican symbolism ... And , consistently , what we 're seeing is some sort of battle for control over the Earth . When you look at many of these ancient tales , it would seem to be that the gods are warring amongst themselves over us . WILCOCK : This lends to an intriguing possibility , that we are the descendants of the winners . And that there are certain groups that are pushing for us , and really rallying , because , in fact , we are their direct descendants , they created us through some sort of genetic engineering . And then there 's other factions that want to wipe us off the face of the Earth completely . And those wars may still be being fought , right now . Narrator : Are humans the descendents of a race of alien beings whose home planet was destroyed thousands of years ago ? Might the ancient stories of warring gods really be accounts of separate extraterrestrial factions that were fighting for control of the Earth and may still be fighting for it today ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining accounts of modern-day UFOs appearing over nuclear facilities ? Narrator : Sultanabad , Iran . November , 2004 . The Iranian Air Force scrambles an F-14 fighter jet in response to an unknown aircraft rapidly approaching the IB-40 heavy water nuclear facility . As they close in , the pilots report seeing a luminous object unlike any they have ever encountered : it is spherical and emits a green afterburner . When they try to lock on their missiles , their radar is disrupted by large amounts of magnetic radiation emitting from the craft . What it was , nobody knew . It was a definitive UFO and exited the area at high speed . What 's particularly fascinating and also intriguing and a bit disturbing is why the UFO took such an interest in an atomic plant . Narrator : UFOs have also been reported over nuclear missile bases in England and America . REDFERN : In March 1967 , Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana was the site of one of the most profound , amazing , and disturbing UFO encounters of all time . Security personnel described seeing bright lights , flying saucers ... definitive UFOs . One of the missiles suddenly went off-line . And then another and another . Until the whole flight of missiles was somehow mysteriously deactivated . This is highly disturbing , because it suggests in the event that UFOs one day become hostile , our entire atomic arsenal may become completely inoperable . Narrator : Could it be that extraterrestrial beings are monitoring nuclear facilities here on Earth ? But if so , why ? REDFERN : There are two reasons why UFO 's might take an interest in atomic installations . One might be that they 're concerned that we 're gonna destroy ourselves . They have a vested interest in keeping the human race alive . Or perhaps it 's personal reasons and it 's the planet they want . The other possibility is they 're fearful that we may develop far more advanced atomic weaponry and that one day , we will be their rival . POPE : Nuclear weapons might represent the only technology humans have which would be capable of posing a threat to them . Narrator : Is it possible the technology of modern man has advanced to the point that humans are considered a threat by alien factions watching over the planet ? Some ancient astronaut theorists are convinced that this is the case , and suggest there is evidence that extraterrestrials used similar nuclear weapons right here on Earth thousands of years ago . The Great Sand Sea , North Africa . In the remote corner of the eastern Saharan desert , along the border between Egypt and Libya , translucent pieces of a pale yellow-green glass lay scattered about for miles in every direction . This rare silicate compound called Libyan Desert Glass can only be formed by exposing the sand to extreme heat and pressure , like that generated by a meteor strike . But there are no visible signs of a suitable impact crater , nor can any be found using satellite imaging technology . DENNIN : Libyan Desert glass is thousands of years old and one of the challenges is figuring how that glass was formed . We know you need high heat , high temperatures , high pressure . HENRY : This yellowish green glass looks vitrified . In fact , it 's strikingly similar to Trinitite , the quartz-like glass that was created after the atomic explosion at the Trinity test site in New Mexico . And one wonders if the Libyan glass is also a remnant from a nuclear explosion . DENNIN : It is possible that nuclear blast would have done it , but that would assume you had someone around with nuclear weapons . Narrator : Is it possible that the Libyan Desert Glass was formed by the detonation of a nuclear weapon thousands of years ago ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim evidence of such a powerful weapon being used is written in the texts of ancient Egypt . HENRY : In the Ancient Egyptian story , in which Horace avenges his brother Osiris 's death , he flies up into the heavens in a winged disc . And in the heavens , he encounters the enemies of Osiris , and he chases them . And then Horace releases some kind of a terrible weapon that causes his enemies to first go blind , and then death . This sounds like some devastating weapon that Horace unleashed . Is it possible that it was some kind of a nuclear weapon that he unleashed on them ? Narrator : Could ancient Egypt really have been the site of nuclear warfare waged by extraterrestrial beings ? And if so , might this explain why there have been so many UFO sightings around nuclear missile facilities ? Ancient astronaut theorists say that while it may be unclear whether extraterrestrials are concerned about protecting humans or protecting themselves , recent NASA findings provide evidence that planet Earth is being shielded from above . Man : Five , four , three , two , one . Ignition sequence start and lift off ! Narrator : Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida . August 30 , 2012 . NASA launches two probes into space in order to study the Van Allen radiation belts a pair of donut-shaped particle zones that surround the Earth . After two years of collecting data , NASA scientists discover a surprising phenomenon . The Van Allen Belts are operating as a protective dome shielding the Earth from dangerous radiation . Our planet is constantly flooded with particles from space that are charged that if they made it through the atmosphere would actually be quite damaging radiation to life . But because of the Van Allen belts and the combination of magnetic fields and charged particles already there , incoming charged particles are sent on curved paths that safely protect the Earth and we don 't get hit by them . The Van Allen radiation belt is one of the most phenomenal scientific phenomena to be discovered in recent times . One of the things that 's so shocking about it is that it 's changing and mutating as if it 's intelligently directed . The Van Allen belts may be an advanced technology that we still don 't really understand . A technology that actually is blocking , not just natural cosmic particles from the sun from coming in , but potentially protecting the Earth from extraterrestrial weapons that might use some sort of particle beam technology , from ever being able to make its way in here . Were the Van Allen Belts designed by extraterrestrial beings to protect mankind from other hostile alien factions ? Might there really be an extraterrestrial defense system protecting the Earth from attack ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest further evidence that there is an alien faction policing Earth 's airspace can be found by examining modern day UFO crashes . Narrator : In 2005 , UFO researcher Ryan Wood published a book chronicling 74 instances of strange objects falling from the sky dating back to 1897 . As proof that these crashes took place , he sites official documents , eyewitness reports , and even physical evidence . PAUL HELLYER : Ryan Woods ' book Majic Eyes Only , he lists all of these crashes . And I think the-the U.S. has been involved in the retrieval of the vast majority , doesn 't matter where they are . We had one crash north of Winnipeg , Manitoba , in Canada , and our regular people that go and investigate aerial crashes went out there and were greeted with American troops , uh , pointing guns at them . And they contacted Ottawa and were told , " Well , let the Americans have it . " NOORY : We 've had some great stories of crashes . Roswell , Cape Girardeau , Missouri . They 're all over the place . And you say to yourself , " How could they crash when they have that kind of technology ? " CHILDRESS : You 've got to wonder how extraterrestrials with all of their advanced super technology would then just crash . It would seem that something else is really going on here . Perhaps we have the extraterrestrials themselves battling it out over our skies . WILCOCK : Is it possible that even now warring factions of extraterrestrial so-called " gods " are in fact duking it out over what happens on Earth ? And wars that we see in ancient texts like the Mahabharata or the Bible could be still playing out in our skies as we speak . Narrator : Could we really be at the center of an extraterrestrial conflict that dates back to before the dawn of human civilization on Earth ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and suggest that our survival may be dependent upon an ancient defense system that has existed for thousands of years right beneath our feet . Narrator : Yakutia , Russia . 1854 . In a desolate region of Siberia known as the " Valley of Death , " geographer and natural scientist Richard Karl Maak leads a scientific expedition of the Russian Geographical Society into the Vilyuy River basin . In his journal , Maak writes that he and his team encountered several large and mysterious metallic objects embedded in the earth that the local hunters referred to as " cauldrons . " Additional accounts were reported throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries . According to descriptions , these large metallic domes that protrude from the ground each measure between 20 and 30 feet in diameter . Their existence is also supported by the legends of the local Yakut people , who say that over the years the cauldrons would periodically open up and send fireballs into the sky . PAUL STONEHILL : What happens is that an object would fly out from under the ground and intercept an incoming celestial body ... be it a bolide , meteor , anything that can really damage our planet . It 's like somebody put in an automatic station programmed to take out a celestial body that can cause us tremendous damage and maybe to end life on Earth . Narrator : On June 30 , 1908 , a fireball was seen streaking across the sky over the Tunguska River in rural Siberia , followed by a massive explosion . It was the same area where these mysterious sunken cauldrons are said to be located . 20 years later , when the Soviet military examined the area , they reported finding flattened trees for miles around the blast site , but no crater . STONEHILL : A Soviet military officer came up with an idea , Alexander Kazantsev , in 1940s , that this was an alien ship , a UFO that came into the atmosphere of our planet and exploded . Others took up this idea . But where he came up with it , it 's very hard to say , because secrecy is all over Russia . Narrator : Is it possible the cauldrons serve as a type of antiaircraft weapon against space-based threats ? It 's possible that the Earth has been equipped with some sort of hyper-advanced technology that is actually keeping us all safe , and that whoever won these ancient extraterrestrial wars , who may in fact be our progenitors , put that there so that their offspring would be protected from whoever their enemies had been many thousands of years ago . Narrator : Some ancient astronaut theorists suggest that if there is an extraterrestrial conflict over humanity , it may be due to the fact that certain alien factions consider humans a threat . They propose that the point mankind has reached today is predicted in the same Sanskrit texts that documented these ancient alien wars . CHILDRESS : The ancient Hindu texts tell us that we are in the very last of four stages of the planet ... and that stage is called Kali Yuga . And Kali Yuga is a time of strife and , uh , terrible activities and of evil . And it may be that the extraterrestrials are really monitoring us to see how we can handle this very stressful period . HELLYER : There are conflicts in the skies . There are different species with different agendas . I 'm sure that we are regarded as a potential threat . They would assume that eventually we 'll be traveling around the cosmos , and it 's something that must go through their collective minds : that these are war-like people , and consequently we 're gonna have to keep an eye on them . Now for the first time I think that the future of the species is at stake . That 's how deeply I feel . There are lessons to be learned . And we have to learn ' em now . We have to learn ' em very , very quickly . Narrator : Is it possible that extraterrestrial beings have been fighting for control of planet Earth for thousands of years ? And could the outcome of this dispute ultimately be determined not by alien combatants , but by humans ? Perhaps we are on the verge of reaching a defining moment in our evolution , a turning point that will lead either to our ascension or our extermination .
