 Previously on continuum . We 're building a portal . They escape our time , they come here . My sister ? Just waiting to come through . He 's dying . Kidney failure . It 's treatable . If he gets a transplant . [ phone ringing ] This better be life or death . We need to work together . Do you have that tech you stole from us . If I don 't recover that , zorin is never gonna trust me ! I need that key ! Sure looks like he 's back on that playbook . You really want to gamble that he 's not gonna flip again ? You want a confession from me because I 'm a villain . I 'm a bad man . But that 's not all I am , is it ? I 'm a special kind of bad man . A freak . When people find out about me , They find out about all the other freaks , as well . Nobody will believe him if he says he comes from the future . Yeah , but he has no past . It doesn 't matter if they don 't believe him . We 're associated and suddenly I 'm suspect . You want to tell the truth about your background ? Go ahead . All that 's gonna get you is a life sentence In the psych ward . So if that 's really where you want to end up ... You still enjoy the semblance of a free press . Some enterprising reporter will dig around And find out she 's as intriguing and mysterious as I am . Alright inspector , this is a mess and you know it . The use of these restraints is a human rights violation And my client has been held for days without charges . Carlos can delay this . We just need a few more days . He 's stuck . He has to lay charges soon or this is unlawful detention . It 'll compromise the case against travis . [ phone message alert ] We have to go . Kellogg 's expecting us . Lay the charge ! Release the restraints ! [ phone message alert ] We still have plenty of time to press charges . I 'm not breaking any federal laws with those restraints . Except you are a municipal police force . Not a security arm with the federal government . [ choking ] Care enough to deal with me now , inspector ? You want to kill your lawyer ? Go ahead , I 'll sell tickets . [ tazer gun fired ] Is that all you got ? You 're gonna wish you had let me out When you had the chance . If you really cared about protecting cameron . Hmm . ¶ ¶ ¶ Isn 't the most impossible aspect of this . What are you talking about ? You have two free radicals who are essentials to this plan . And free radicals tend to do whatever the hell they want . Kellogg is motivated . He needs us to take down those soldiers Before they take him down . We trust kellogg to act according to plan ? And brad makes kellogg look like a boy scout . You 're gonna have to find a way to get him on board somehow . And these guys don 't want anything . ( travis ) : Is that all you got ? You 're gonna wish you let me out when you had the chance . Not very cooperative , is he ? Well , he 's never going to admit to anything . We both know I can 't hold him any longer without charges . Piron doesn 't want him in front of a judge . Piron doesn 't have jurisdiction . Did you see the medical report After they initially brought him in ? Unusual physiology And evidence of experimental self-healing nanotechnology . That sounds like science fiction . Sounds like piron . They 've requested - No . They 've demanded we hand travis over to them . If this whole liber8 thing turns out to be Some kind of piron project gone awry , Some kind of cover up , There 'll be hell to pay . [ on video ] some enterprising reporter will dig around And find out she 's as intriguing and mysterious as I am . No more delays . I don 't care who she is and I don 't care what she 's done , I want liber8 put away And I want to know what piron wants with travis . You hear me ? So I 'm interested in the military technology First and foremost . I 'm sure that 's a relief to you , kiera . Alec assures me that there 's very little chance I 'll be able to travel forward in time , so ... That 's unfortunate . But if anybody could do it ... We have a way to enter their stronghold With no casualties and no gunfire . We don 't want anyone to get hurt . Care to share how ? After you let us use your lab at piron . I need to make some adjustments to the time ball . We need it in order to jam their defenses . Yeah , once I let you in , What assurance do I have you 're gonna deliver on your promise ? You 'll just have to trust us . And leave us alone while we 're working . Yeah , I can do that . Joining me in the dragon 's den ? Just visiting . Like you . I 'm not visiting . I 'm a resident . There 's work here I believe in . You took a hit . You took it to heart . You have other choices . We all do . In the fairytales I 've read , The hero enters the cave to slay the dragon . Not to join him . It 's good to see you . You got family coming through ? My kid sister and her boyfriend . If they 're still alive . What about your mom ? She 's afraid she 'll be blown apart . That the technology doesn 't work . It 's like dying . You never get a report back from the other side . The beacon proved otherwise . Oh , also need-to-know ? It 's a mission , tonkin . You know how it is . When I left , my sister was dead And now zorin says she 's on the manifest . Zorin didn 't make the manifest . Marcellus ? Marcellus took care of you . If they 're on that manifest it means they 're alive . Here we are . I can set you up with some lab assistants - Don 't need ' em . Kiera will help . Hmm . She 's driving this mission . But it 's flawed , isn 't it ? She wants to go home even though home probably isn 't there . Does she understand that ? There 's a chance . A chance ? Kid , this isn 't vegas . Are you really gonna roll the dice with her life ? How is this gonna work , kellogg ? That 's an excellent question . Ok , so the soldiers asked me to provide piron security After your unscheduled visit . Those men are loyal to me , And they 'll turn on zorin and his team on my command . Ok . Sounds feasible . So , with my help , you and alec get inside the building And , along with my security , you neutralize the soldiers . Alec does his magic and abracadabra , kiera disappears . Once you 've left us , I destroy the machine And stop the invasion before it begins . Then what ? What do you mean ? What happens with you ? I don 't think that 's any of your concern anymore , kiera . You made your choice . You chose you . You think I 'm being selfish ? You 're calling brad , aren 't you ? I think it 's time we invite him to the party . I think I trust him less than kellogg . Well , we need them both . I know . I 'll be back . I believe you . And I want your help . What did you have in mind ? Alec says that , with your technology , He has the ability to send me home . And if he can do it for me , he can do it for you , too . We found something together because we both lost so much . But now there 's a chance to get it back . The ability to see our families again . Even if I could , what if I was too late ? I can 't do that . I can 't - I can 't lose them again . I know . But there 's not much time , and if you don 't want to , I understand . But I really hope you want to help . We need access to the machine , just once . It doesn 't have to be dangerous for anybody . If I did choose to go back , I wouldn 't compromise this mission . I understand . So I 'm going to give you back the key you requested As a sign of my good faith . Alec really thinks he can do this ? He says " impossible " to me as often as he says " probable " . But you 're willing ? For a chance to see my son ? It 's possible he may not even be there . You 're really killing the moment . I just want you to find what you 're looking for . Then help me . So we 're pressing charges tomorrow , But I have a feeling piron will try to intercept . So if there 's anything you might want to say to help your case , Now would be the time to do it . Your system will say what it wants . It doesn 't matter to me . I 'll take us both down . It doesn 't matter to kiera , either . She 's going home . Forward in time ? Mmmhmm . She just woke up and now she wants to go back to sleep ? You should take me to court now , inspector . I 'll make sure she stays . Well , I don 't blame her for wanting to see her kid . She 's still walking out on you . It 's not like that . I 'm not gonna hide who I am , fonnegra . Neither would you . The truth of me reveals the truth of her . [ door closes ] That 's a hell of a view , huh ? I always liked it . What can I do for you , sir ? I 'm here to take travis back to piron for processing . Don 't be so surprised . You and I both know that our friend in lockup Pushes the limits of biology in a way that begs investigation . Kellogg knows more than he 's willing to tell me . I can live with that , But I wanted to give you a chance to tell me What you know and how this connects to kiera . Kiera , kellogg and liber8 , They were sent back in time from the future to change history . [ laughs ] Ok , that 's a good one . You understand why I had to ask ? Are you ok ? I was looking for a way to be relevant . After I realized my body was going to be a liability , My pride did not allow me to deal with the truth . Until now . It 's a recording I found that 's going to help you lay charges In the escher murder . [ kellogg ] we 're in this together . [ emily ] sure , you get me to kill escher for you , But we 're in this together . [ kellogg ] you do this , and you 're free of me . [ emily ] escher used to say that , too . [ kellogg ] once you pull the trigger , it 'll finally be true . You can get kellogg on conspiracy to commit murder . All you have to do is offer emily a deal To testify against him . Let 's bury this son of a bitch ! Are you sure about this ? You tell your partner I 'm walking out of the cave . With all her mysteries and missteps , She 's always trying to do the right thing . It 's time I did the same . So I will be back to deal with this travis thing . I hope I can count on you . I 'm reprogramming it . The way the time ball uses the soldier 's power source is new , But the brakes and the steering wheel are all the same . Except not really . Well , you only get to use the brakes once . In the future , my future , if I ever get back , There are no guarantees . Sam might not be there . He might not even be . I thought you were optimistic about brad helping us . He asked me the questions I 'm afraid to ask of myself . Well , you can always stay here . Thanks . Don 't stop now . Where 's my key , tonkin ? She has agreed to return it . In exchange for what ? Doesn 't matter . What she wants , no one can give her . Mmmhmm . Why does kellogg want to come here ? To this time ? He said it was a turning point . A time when choices could still be made and have an impact . Hmm . I don 't think there 's any right choice . You 'll feel differently When you see your sister and nephews Come through that portal . I want to see them , I really do . But I would give everything I have to go back to 2035 . Yeah , we all have our dates . Outcomes we 'd like to change . But this is a one-way flight . How can you be sure ? Commander spent years trying to build forward travel . He could see the writing on the wall . He knew that time travel would be a weapon That leveled everything . Never cracked it . He told you this ? I have my date , too . 2032 . Two children , a wife . [ whistle ] That 's it . Finished . I think I deserve a drink . If that 's true , we all do . Come on , tonkin . Join us . Will it work ? That 's the question I 'm afraid to ask myself . How 's it all going ? Come on , I thought we were all on the same team . You didn 't think that for an instant . People change all the time , And there 's no time like the present . Unless my timing is all wrong . We 're done . I need to take the device somewhere safe . I 've done my part . How do we proceed ? I 'll tell you when you need to know . You know , there was a time when that attitude Would have thrilled me . But I got too much at stake now . This ? Some thing you stole ? You know how improbable this has been ? Our survival . What makes you think my life is any less precious to me Than yours is to you ? [ sirens ] Uh , kiera ? What ? Oh , shit . I take it this isn 't part of the plan . No . Matthew kellogg , you 're under arrest - Carlos ? For conspiracy in the murder of escher - Carlos . Aka mark sadler . You have the right to retain and instruct council without delay . This is a big misunderstanding . Carlos , what are you doing ? If you do not have a lawyer , we can refer one to you . Was this you ? No , it was not . Anything you say can be used as evidence in court . Carlos , this can wait . I need him now ! No . This is murder . This is happening right here and now . But t he thing is we sorta need his help . Do you understand ? Do you wish to speak to a lawyer ? Call jacqueline right away . I 'll take care of it . You 're going to regret this , carlos . I can promise you that . I 've been waiting a long time to do that . If you would just listen to me - Save it , kiera . I serve the public , not private concerns . You should know that by now . Oh good , you 're still here . I probably got half an hour or so down here . Um , you - you could try to recruit me To that organization of yours . Um ... Liber8 ? I 'll call you back . What evidence ? An audio recording of kellogg ordering the hit on escher . Did dillon bring it to you ? So it 's selfish if I want to wait , But it 's not selfish if you 're trying to save dillon . That 's not what this is about . Then I guess it has nothing to do with me leaving , either . [ scoffs ] Carlos , I know you see this as a suicide mission . I do . But that is my choice to make . Great . I 'm not stopping you . That 's exactly what you 're doing . No . Kiera , we 're partners . We 're supposed to have each other 's back . I didn 't even know you wanted to leave Until circumstances forced you to tell me . Until I could be sure . Also , my choice . Yeah , well , your choices ? They have an impact on the people in your life . You need to take responsibility , Not just for yourself . I have honoured my responsibility to others . This department , this city . Dillon , you , alec . I have done right by all of you . Yes , yes , you have done that . But you 've also done whatever the hell you wanted to When it suits you . This is different . You hear yourself , right ? You want me to release kellogg . You know what he 's done , you know what he 's capable of , And yet you still want him free . Listen , I 'm ... I 'm sorry about sonya , by the way . And lucas . Is garza still alive ? It 's hard to believe you 're almost one of us . What are you talking about ? I 'm the embodiment of what liber8 was fighting for . Choice . Self-determination . Freedom . Who better represents those virtues than me ? It 's what you do with those virtues . Sonya . Lucas . Jowarski . Kagame . They built a legacy . Tens of thousands more who won 't suffer and die Because we changed that future . What about you ? What will they say about travis verta at the end ? He killed like no other . He terrorized with the best of them . He 'll be out on bail in 24 hours And all of this will be for nothing . Oh , I wouldn 't bet on it . Is kellogg the only one you 're arresting ? Right on cue . Special interest number two . Are you going to arrest emily ? If I knew where she was . Now , I could compel you to give me her location Or you could just be a good citizen . Carlos , he doesn 't know . I don 't . And you can 't trust kellogg to tell the truth About her involvement . I have evidence . Kellogg blackmailed her . My father did , too . Well , we 'll have to find that out . Oh yeah , justice . That always gets to the truth . Justice , even if that 's only a concept , That 's all that I 've got . It works great for those who can afford to buy it . Isn 't that what you 're trying to do ? Huh ? You know , I 've tried to protect you and kiera along the way , But kellogg had your father murdered . Ok ? I don 't get to look the other way . Not for kiera , and not for kellogg , and not for travis . What about travis ? They 'll say " travis verta , he was the key . The key to unlocking the secrets of a genuine superman . " the future warrior . " the super-soldier . " I 'll be the one keeping your legacy alive As I patent and replicate every nano-particle from 2077 Inside that bioengineered hulk you call a body . Piron doctors want to cut him open like a guinea pig , See what makes him so special . She can 't go home now , you realize that . Yeah , well , I 'm sorry . Ok ? I don 't get to make exceptions . That 's how the system falls apart . We can still try to . We can 't get in without kellogg and you know it . [ phone ringing ] It 's brad . Brad , where are you ? Ok , I 'll be right there . Maybe he can help . I gotta go . You 're just another ceo In a long line of delusional corporate emperors . And if it 's one thing history has taught us , it 's this : Empires eventually crumble . Oh , don 't worry . In my future that won 't happen . Kiera ? I 'm here . Brad 's here . No , he 's meeting me at the park . No , he 's right here . They 're coming for kellogg . Alec , listen to me . Tell carlos and get the hell out of there . Brad 's here . I don 't think it 's a friendly visit . Check the cameras . He 's blacked them out . Some device . Get out of here . You just missed kiera . Yeah . What I 'd really like is to bail out kellogg . [ laughs ] Yeah , I 've been getting that offer a lot lately . Remember that scene downtown a couple of weeks ago , Torn up buildings , strange fires . Yeah . I also remember the people that got hurt . So neither of us want that again . Is that a threat ? Drop it . Put your hands up . [ alarms sounding ] That 'll be my rescue team . Henderson , is that you ? [ gunfire ] [ gunfire ] [ more gunfire ] [ gunfire ] Carlos has a gun on him . I 'm gonna check it out and see what - Oh my god . Alec , I have three dead cops down here . They 're after kellogg . What the hell is brad doing ? Carlos just arrested him . I think he 'd be downstairs if that 's all he wanted . I think he 's here for the key . [ distant gunfire ] We didn 't come here to kill anyone , carlos . But if we 're attacked ... [ radio ] shots fired ! Shots fired ! Release kellogg , please . Put it down . Right now ! [ radio ] now ! Now ! Hurry up , go ! Go ! Kier - kiera ? Alec ? Shit . What did you do ? Cuff him . Chris , kevin , randy . Come with me . [ explosion ] [ fighting grunts ] [ gun shots ] [ gun shots ] [ screams in pain ] Shit ! Alec ? Clear . Clear . Move . Don 't move ! Identify yourself ! Do it slowly . [ gunfire ] [ muffled gunfire ] [ muffled yelling ] [ gunfire ] Get back up in here ! [ gunfire ] Let 's go , let 's go ! He 's out ! [ gunfire ] [ muffled gunfire ] You really think you 're worth it ? Somebody does . [ muffled yelling ] [ gun shots ] [ gunfire ] Go ! Grenade ! Move ! [ explosion ] Oh , finally . Thank you . Come on , protector . Yeah , come on , protector . He 's close . First hallway on the right . Watch my back . I 'll get kellogg . Make sure he doesn 't take any fire Or zorin will have our heads . You don 't need to remind me . Damn . Vasquez , it 's empty . Almost . [ gun shot ] Nolan ! [ gunfire ] Target is no longer tracked . I repeat , we are blind . [ gunfire ] [ gunfire ] [ explosion ] [ coughing ] Fall back . We can 't get to them this way . Alright . Go back up . Alec , give me the key and we 'll go away . Kiera can take her shot , alec . But our mission has to come first . Where is it ! Where 's what ? Where is it , alec ? I don 't know ! I 'm sorry , kid . [ screams in pain ] Come on , alec ! Where is it ? ! Don 't make me break your arm , alec ! It 's nothing personal , but I 've got a deadline . I 'm glad to see you 're making better choices . You don 't know how much I hate doing your dirty work . You get me out of this , I swear to you - Save your words , kellogg . I will do whatever I can to get you - Cameron ! Move . Let him go ! Don 't let me go . You have no idea how important he is . Go ! [ gun shots ] [ gun shot ] Thank you , protector . We need to hold this area . Any word on reinforcements ? We 're completely cut off . All radio and cell comms are down in the area . Where 's alec ? Where are we holding brad ? Brad escaped . We haven 't found alec . What ? I got a bad feeling about this . Let him go , brad . Give me kellogg . It serves you , too . It turns out I 'm more of a cop than I realized . [ ground shudders ] What the hell is that ? ! The fail-safe . [ gun fire ] Move . [ gun blast ] [ gun fire ] [ gun fire ] Fire ! Fire ! [ gun shots ] Get him out of there ! [ gun fire ] Fall back ! Fall back ! Give me kellogg and all this stops . You could have killed me . You could have killed alec , And yet you keep choosing not to . It 's not what I want , kiera . It never has been . Then why ? That machine is a portal to my future . I have family there . They 're alive . You know how that feels . [ gun fire ] Grenade ! Fall back ! [ explosion ] [ glass smashes ] Just give him kellogg . There 's too many dead , now . And give everyone his future ? [ gun shots ] [ gunfire ] Your friends are dying down there , kiera . You can stop this . Make the right choice . I can call them off . [ gunfire ] Ok , deal ! Kellogg for alec ! [ gunfire ] [ fighting grunts ] [ glass smashes ] Stand down , vasquez ! [ gun shots ] [ gunfire ] [ fight ensues ] Kiera , please don 't . I 'm just a walking kidney transplant for my future self . I have no choice . You know that . You just keep playing along . I 'll come for you . You 'll let me into that building , The plan moves ahead . I promise . [ fighting continues ] [ gasping ] [ fighting continues ] [ fighting continues ] Rollins , you 've got 20 seconds to get to the roof Or I leave without you ! I got one more thing to deal with . [ struggle ensues ] You can still go home . After the invasion . It won 't matter . You won 't be here . All this time , And you still have no idea who I am . [ fighting grunts ] Travis - wh - what are you doing ? Get out of here . Vasquez ! Go ! Go , go , go ! Everyone , get out ! Time 's up . [ explosion ] [ sirens ] This place is a write-off . Like my dream of going home . You can 't give up now . We don 't have brad . Well , apparently we never did . We have a new man on the inside . Kellogg . Yeah , the one and only . For now . Are you trying to get rid of me ? I definitely am . Did we lose travis ? Yeah . Yeah , he helped save a lot of lives , including mine . He had a chance to walk , but he didn 't . You know , nora 's going to have a lot of questions . I 'm not sure we have the answers for her . I 'll take the heat . Alec , give us a sec , would you ? Yeah , sure thing . What the hell happened to kellogg ? I had to let him go . Goddammit , kiera . I had no choice . Brad was holding alec at gunpoint . You wanted kellogg in the wind . At least that was the play earlier today . What I said , about wanting to see sam , Nothing has ever been truer for me . But every one of us getting what we want When we want it ? I know it doesn 't work that way . I don 't want to lose you . And sometimes I don 't want to go , either . Well , with the way things are playing out We may be stuck with each other for good . Kiera , can 't you just give up this fantasy , ok ? Come back to reality , as hard as that may be ? Whatever your plan was , Brad blew it apart when he blew this place up . Ok ? I 'm going to destroy the asshole That did this to me and my people , So you tell me where he is right now .
