 CARTER : Previously on Agent Carter ... As of this moment , Howard Stark is a fugitive from justice . You 're the only one that can clear my name . MIRIAM : May I introduce you to Miss Dorothy Underwood ? Oh , call me Dottie . Return to your room , please . ( GROANS ) - CARTER : What 's in the vial ? - Steve Rogers ' blood . - I trusted you , Howard ! - I know , and I was wrong . Photographer got a shot of the blonde who was with Spider before he got killed , but not one clear shot of her face . What did the lab rats say about your magic typewriter ? They 're claiming it sends signals back and forth . To where , we don 't know yet . ( METAL CLANGS ) ( SIGHS ) ( INDISTINCT WHISPERING ) ALL : She 'll never find me here . And if you let me stay , I 'll keep house for you . I 'll wash and sew and sweep and cook . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( GASPING ) ( BONE CRACKS ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) - ( HORNS HONK IN DISTANCE ) - ( PANTING ) ( BIG-BAND MUSIC PLAYS ) What does " ennui " mean ? Uh , it 's like melancholy , um , sadness born out of tedium or boredom . - Mmm . - Why do you ask ? When I knocked on Angie 's door this morning , she said she was " too consumed by ennui " to come to work today . Oh , and to think , her acting teacher said she wasn 't dramatic enough . Hmm . " Ennui . " Sounds French . Baguette ? Um , no , thank you . ( CHUCKLES ) Go on . I can never finish mine . - Hey , you got a pen ? - Mmm . - ( CLEARS THROAT ) - Do you think I could convince Angie to come out and give me a tour of the city ? I still get lost , but I want to see everything . And I want to see the best things first . So , first up , Central Park and then Empire State Building and then Trinity Church and then Statue of Liberty . What do you think ? Peggy ? - Hello ? - ( BOTH CHUCKLE ) Oh , um , tourist traps . - I 'm sorry ? - If you want to get to know New York , if you want to get to know any place , you have to start with the people first . - I talk to people . - Real people with real jobs . Not the , uh , phony , superficial ones that pervade this city . Uh , you should start with Brooklyn first . But I ... I 'd rather see the Statue of Liberty . Oh , she 'll still be there . But what she represents , the spirit of Lady Liberty , is found in its people . Wow . You sounded just like Captain America just now . - That 's no bad thing . - Hmm . - Well ... Oh , my gosh ! - Oh ... - I am so sorry . I 'm such a klutz . - There 's no harm done . No , no , no . Let me , let me . ( CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ) Here you go . Oh , thanks , Peggy . I 'm off to Brooklyn . ( CHUCKLES ) How do I get to Brooklyn ? Wait . Don 't tell me . - I will figure it out myself . - ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm sure you will . Well , have fun , Dottie . Thanks . Beautiful morning , huh , Peggy ? - Feels like home . - Missing England , huh ? - Well , missing something . - Hmm . Copy of the Ledger , please . - Good day , Pete . - Bye . Miss Carter , I beg only one moment of your time . You 've had your moment , Mr. Jarvis . If you or Howard have anything else to say , you can tell it to the Marines . I tried to persuade Mr. Stark to tell you the truth . You could have told me yourself . Well , given my current situation , I didn 't see how that was possible . Yes , how could it ever be possible ? How could you ever say , " Howard Stark wants you to steal Captain America 's blood . " Oh , yes , look . It is possible . If only it were that simple . Howard didn 't want my help to prove his innocence . He wanted a new toy to manipulate . Miss Carter , you must know that Mr. Stark has the greatest admiration . Only for himself . He can be thoughtless . Inconsiderate . Vain , childish , unreliable , arrogant ... You flatter him . But he is a good man . He used me . He uses you , whether you choose to see it or not . He needs your help , Miss Carter . What he needs is a servant , and he already has that in you . And what does the SSR have in you ? I am a federal agent , Mr. Jarvis . Yes . Finely trained and skilled in the art of fetching coffee . These men you call your colleagues , they don 't respect you . They don 't even see you . Do you honestly expect they 'll change their minds ? I expect I will make them . ( ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ) MAN : Billy , I got the White House holding for the chief on line two . ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Daniel , what 's going on ? Sasha Demidov 's magic typewriter turned itself on all by itself . What did the message say ? It 's encoded . We got a cryptographer up from Arlington Hall trying to crack it . He , uh , stinks at his job . MAN : It 's clearly not a German cipher , or the Turing Method would work . What will work , in your estimation ? Huh ? You already looked through that book ten times . I 'm gonna have to take this back with me to Virginia , - where I can run ... - You 're not taking it anywhere . Look , as difficult as it might be for you people to understand , I can 't just beat a code into submission or shoot it with a gun . Yeah ? That works great with pencil pushers like you . May I see it ? I saw this at Bletchley . It 's a one-time pad system . You think I didn 't try a pad immediately ? Did you account for the original message being written in Russian ? Can you read it ? They are map coordinates . 53 degrees , 72 minutes north , 27 degrees , 37 minutes west . " Purchase confirmed . " Exchange at 08 : 00 , April 27th . " That 's less than two days from now . Coordinates are in the Mar 'ina Horka forest in Belarus . " Leviathan ... To acquire prototype ... Havoc Reactor . " I 'm sorry . Leviathan ? As far as I know , it 's an Old Testament sea monster , who types , apparently . No . It 's a covert Russian organization , supposedly . I always just assumed it was a spook story . Rumors had it , after the war , their group wanted to purchase weapons to fight the Allies . Well , if they 're real and she 's reading that right ... She is trying to concentrate , thank you . " Payment of ... $ 100,000 American ... " Upon delivery ... " Payable to ... " Howard Stark . " Hot damn , we got him . We got Stark red-handed selling weapons to the Russians . Take a team to Belarus . Find Stark , bring him home . Li , Ramirez , gear up . You 're going to Russia . - Li , Ramirez , and Carter . - Come again ? There 's no one more qualified for this mission , sir . I am going to Russia . Chief , we 're not having a knitting circle . I invite you to look at my war records , sir . This is the real deal . Stop ! In my office . Are you really considering letting Carter come ? What did I just say ? Chances are Leviathan will continue to communicate in code , which means that the team needs my skills as a code breaker . Assuming that it is Leviathan , we have no idea who 's at the other end of that typewriter . All the more reason not to saddle me and my guys with babysitting her . Would you prefer to have - a nanny wipe your noses ? - I might . Enough . It 's your team , Thompson . What do you want ? ( SIGHS ) Look . It 's great that Carter cracked the code . I am proud of her . I am . But we have no idea what we 're getting into over there , okay ? I don 't need brains . I need brawn . I need ... You need someone who speaks the language - and understands the region . - Ramirez speaks Russian . I spent three years in the mud of the European theater , the Eastern front , the Western front , and everything in between . Yeah , surrounded by some of our best men . Agent Thompson , do you know what the smell of herring in the air means in the middle of a Belorussian summer ? Hmm . Someone 's having a fish fry . It means there is wind blowing in from the Baltic . It means a snow storm in July , and if you can smell the wind , it means you have 30 minutes to find shelter and build a fire before you die of hypothermia in the morning . I know all of this because I 've been there . Now I know , too . Look , put yourself in my shoes , Carter . I send you on this mission , you get yourself killed , I 'm the moron who got a woman killed in action . I send you and one of my guys buys it , I 'm the one who set him up to die . I know you 've spent time in Russia , but we 're putting together a European tac team that knows the terrain . Not like I do . Not like the 107th regiment . The Europeans don 't even know Europe as well as the 107th . You think I wouldn 't snatch them up if I could ? What would you say if I could deliver them ? I 'd say , " Pack your bags , " but that 's not gonna happen . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm gonna miss her . I mean , come on , chief , you 're not actually thinking about letting Carter go to ... Son , I like you , but I 'm running an office here . I got the vice president of the United States calling me at home , asking me when I 'm gonna deliver him Howard Stark . At the same time , I got a Nazi war criminal telling me Stark 's involved in a massacre . I 'm trying to run an investigation here , and I don 't have time on my docket for your little crush on Carter . Yes , sir . Okay , uh , I 'm thinking we fly the team over there , we land on the Polish side of the Russian border , we meet the tac team there , okay ? Then ... The 107th will meet us at the Polish side of the Russian border . That is the plan , isn 't it ? It is the most obvious one . Gear up . You roll out in an hour . That 's all . ( INDISTINCT MUFFLED CONVERSATION ) ( SIGHS ) Carter , if you 're looking for a peep show , try Times Square . This is the only changing room in the SSR . - I need to change . - Try the ladies ' room . The ladies ' room is downstairs in the lobby of the ad agency . I 'd much rather suffer the musk of a men 's locker room than have to change into tactical gear in a public restroom . Pull up your skirts , boys . Whoa ! Geez , Carter , give a guy some warning . CARTER : Oh , such fuss . Do none of you have sisters ? They don 't look like you . Come on , congratulate the lady . She 's on the team . Jack , you really think that 's a good idea ? Not my call . We can 't be responsible for a woman ... Let me know if you want to stay home . I got six guys out there who 'd love to take your place . Oh , this is new . It 's lighter than it looks . Yep . Lab boys just dropped it off . It 's 10 % titanium alloy . Although , I don 't think they had 38-22-38 in mind when they designed it . Math isn 't your forte , is it , Agent Thompson ? Or is that just words in general ? That 's " Words in general , sir . " Yes , sir , Lieutenant junior grade , sir . Guess you 're used to serving under a captain , huh ? Just not used to serving with boys . Field report . Maps , weather , charts , all known bogey dope for the area , dossier files on the tac team , though Carter 's pretty much all the intel you need on them . THOMPSON : Thorough as ever , Sousa . Oh ! Compass , compass . Almost forgot my compass . Uh , locker 42 . Would you grab that for me , pal ? - Bloody nora ! - Whoa , nelly ! - Uh , you 're ... Uh ... - Yes , everything 's fine . Found it ! You don 't have to worry about it , Sousa . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Is there anything else , Daniel ? - Uh ... - Uh ? - No . - " No " ? Yes ? - Have a swell trip . - Right . Thank you . ( SIGHING ) Relax . You 'll sprain something . It 's just as you remember it . You a mind reader , or is that your woman 's intuition speaking ? How 's this for woman 's intuition , this is your first jump , isn 't it ? Ninth . Eight training jumps . You 've infiltrated hostile territory before . You 'll be fine . Just follow our lead . Thanks , Carter , but I already have a mother . MAN : ( OVER SPEAKERS ) Prepare for drop . What I need right now are soldiers . - Let 's go , boys ! It 's go time ! - ( ALARM BLARING ) The drop will put us 10 kilometers from our rendezvous with our tac team , assuming they 're where they 're supposed to be . - They 'll be there . - They better be . THOMPSON : We 're eight klicks east of the RV . I 'll take lead . Carter , you 're in back . Stay tight . ( GUN COCK ) Don 't move . Emu . ( WHISPERS ) What ? PINKY : " Ostrich , " man . " Ostrich . " DUM-DUM : Shut up . Emu . PINKY : Carter , Dugan forgot the password again . CARTER : Password is " Eagle , " you apes . Oh , hi , Peggy . Fellas . Thompson , that 's Dum-Dum Dugan . Jack Thompson , Mike Li , Rick Ramirez , this is Junior Juniper , Pinky Pinkerton , Happy Sam Sawyer . You seem to know Dum-Dum Dugan . The 107th , our tactical team . You guys are the Howling Commandos . - Yeah , I hate that name . - I came up with that name . That you did . Dugan , you fought side-by-side with Captain America , didn 't you ? Yeah . But not as long as she did . Agent Jack Thompson . I 'm running point for the SSR . We head due east till we hit the border . We 'll hit a wall of reds before we reach the border . Let 's head up into Lithuania , cross over into Russia at Ashmyany . You planning on walking halfway across Lithuania ? Well , you can if you want . But me ? I 'm taking these . Peggy , let 's go . Did you bring what I asked for ? From my own private stash . Oh . Attagirl . See , the Germans are geniuses when it comes to beer , but no one knows bourbon like the US of A. ( CHUCKLES ) - Cheers . - Cheers . ( SIGHS ) ( SIGHS ) All right , so , tell me , what 's the story with Stark and these Leviathan jerks ? The SSR is convinced that Howard is trying to sell technology to enemies of the United States . They think Leviathan is a potential buyer . - And you disagree ? - Howard isn 't selling weapons to adversaries of the United States , not to Leviathan , not to anybody . He may be an utter wanker , but he is one of us . So you think the whole deal is a trap . It 's always a damn trap . That 's why we bring the guns . Question is , if Leviathan is trying to lure us in with promises of capturing Howard , then what is it that they really want ? Maybe it 's just the pleasure of your company . Hey ! You smell bad enough . And you used to be fun . Yeah , once upon a time . ( SIGHS ) Yeah . ( CLICKS TONGUE ) I miss him , too . Don 't you have a life ? ( SIGHS ) I 'm an SSR agent , sir . My job is my life . ( CHUCKLES ) What are you still doing here ? I 'm meeting a friend for a drink . Figured if I went home , wife might not let me out again . ( CHUCKLES ) Women , right ? - Women . - Good night . - Thanks , Yauch . - Mmm-hmm . ( SNIFFS ) ( GASPS ) DUM-DUM : Hey , go easy on those beans , okay ? ( LAUGHTER ) THOMPSON : Coast is clear . Li and Ramirez are on the night watch . We should be good to go at first light . Which means we stand relieved . You see any abominable snowmen like the one in Tibet ? Uh , I never said , " Abominable snowman . " In fairness , he did specify " yeti . " - Yeah . - DUM-DUM : Sorry , it was a little hard to make out words in between all the sobbing . - ( LAUGHTER ) - Shut up . It was scary . ( GULPS ) So , what is the difference between a yeti and an abominable snowman ? One 's real and one isn 't . - ( LAUGHS ) - JUNIOR : What ? So , I hear they have , uh , mermaids in Japan . You see any of them when you were out there ? Yeah , story time . I got nothing you guys ain 't heard before . Did a lot of grunt work , dug a lot of trenches . They don 't give out Navy Crosses just for digging trenches . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) Navy cross . ( SIGHS ) Hmm . All right . ( GROANS ) 1945 . Tsuken Island . Nothing detail . I fall asleep on the night shift . I wake up . Six Japanese soldiers walking into my camp , just waltzing in , in the dark . One of them bends down over my sleeping CO . One more second , he 'd have slit his throat . Snapped to . Shoot him in the back . Shoot ' em all , before they even knew I was there . Before my last man was even awake . ( CHUCKLES ) Truth be told , I like the kid 's yeti story better . GRAY : What are you , a history buff now ? ( CHUCKLES ) DOOLEY : Something like that . Anything you can tell me about the Battle of Finow , anything I don 't already know , buys you a scotch . Two hundred and forty-seven dead Russians , massacred in a battle no one will take credit for . Where 's my drink ? That one I knew . - Cheap does not become you , Rog . - ( CHUCKLES ) Scotch for my friend . MAN : Coming up . I wrote a piece on it for the Times . Should have won a Pulitzer Prize for it , too . How did I not read that one ? Ah , my editor killed it . Got scared . I guess that 's what happens when you implicate the army and Howard Stark in a Russian cover-up . What 's Stark got to do with Finow ? He was there for the , uh , clean up of the massacre . The guy in charge wasn 't too thrilled about it , either . General . One star . McGinnis ? Died of a heart attack a month ago . That 's him . Stark took a swing at him right there in front of his men . You 'd think a guy as smart as Stark wouldn 't , uh , hit someone twice his size . - Even Gandhi 's got a sensitive spot . - ( LAUGHS ) Tell him his kids are ugly and see what happens . What do you think Stark 's was ? All I know is McGinnis wiped the floor with him . Mmm-hmm . Then resigned a week later . A week after that , Stark walks away from a seven-figure RD contract with the army , and cuts all ties with them . And now Stark is public enemy number one . Yeah , we 're not railroading him . We got evidence . Yeah , what you don 't have is the whole story . Somebody does , but they 're keeping it to themselves . Well , not for long . Looks like we beat the bad guys here . So we could have slept for another hour ? Well , then we wouldn 't have the advantage of surprise , would we , Timothy ? So , we infiltrate in four teams of two . You , you , you , us . No weapons discharge unless absolutely necessary . Meet on the ground floor in 30 . Clear ? - Carter ? - Agent Thompson 's lead . You got a better idea ? Let 's hear it . Four teams of two is faster . Two teams of four is safer . Discretion seems to be the order of the day . We don 't know what we 're walking into . Okay . You four . Happy Sam , Pinkerton , Ramirez , you 're with me . Good ? Aces . Does anybody else feel a chill going up their knickers ? I would if I wore knickers . ( PROJECTOR WHIRRING ) - Oh , sorry . - Shut that thing off . - Wait . - Help ! ( HORN HONKS ) Help ! Help ! Help ! ( WHIRRING STOPS ) " Instill ... " " ... fear . " Really regretting a lack of knickers right now . ( CHILD CRYING ) There 's a little kid crying . What 's a little kid doing in this place ? Careful . MIKE : Little kid beds ? CARTER : It 's a boarding school . Why are there shackles on the beds ? - It 's Russia , man . - ( CRYING CONTINUES ) DUM-DUM : Peggy . Hey , there . You okay ? It 's all right . We 're here to help . It 's all right . We 're not here to hurt you . Oh , my hat ? You like my hat ? It 's called a bowler hat . The reason they call it that is because ... Why do they call it a bowler , Peggy ? - ( GRUNTS ) - ( GROANS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( PANTING ) CARTER : Dugan , she 's just a little girl . She 's anything but that . CARTER : Dugan , no ! - ( SIGHS ) - You all right ? Yeah . The vest took the brunt of it . What happened ? There 's a good chance Leviathan has been alerted to our presence . We 've come too far to turn back now . We need to move . Quickly . We 're gonna need an exit out the back . We can 't leave until we know who 's setting Howard up . Dugan , Pinky , Ramirez , find a back way out of here . The rest , come with me . JARVIS : Till next week . Send my love to your wife . You don 't ever alter your routine , do you ? Are you here to threaten me with deportation again ? Or , wonder of wonders , have you come to apologize ? Something I need to tell you . The words you 're looking for are " I 'm " and " sorry . " Your boss has a lot of enemies . I 'll alert Edward R. Murrow . One of them was a US army general named John McGinnis . They got into a fistfight on a European battlefield in the spring of ' 44 . That ring a bell ? I remember a time not long ago ... A time when you said you were here to tell me something . It 's my one and only question . I 've never heard of this general or any fistfight on any European battlefield . Your turn . There are three sides to every story , Mr. Jarvis , your side , my side , and the truth . Tell Stark I 'm not interested in any witch hunt . I just want to get to the truth . If he 's willing to tell his side of the story , I 'd really like to hear it . I can be reached at this number 24 hours a day . Stay dry . ( GRUNTS ) Sawyer , stay here . Keep an eye out . Rest of you are with me . Clear . You are not Leviathan . Who are you ? We 're the good guys . ( IN BRITISH ACCENT ) Hello . I 'm Peggy Carter . ( SNIFFS ) Why is Leviathan holding you prisoner ? They acquired some schemata in the black market , a weapon they don 't know how to build . They want us to build it for them . So you 're engineers ? He is the engineer . I serve as Nikola 's ... ( SPEAKS RUSSIAN ) ... psychiatrist . So the reds locked up a head doctor and a mad scientist to build a bomb . - Sure , why not ? - He is not mad . He is burdened . Look , he sees things in dimensions that we can only imagine . You look at a field of grass , you see pretty picture . He sees biology , phytochemistry . Keeping his gifts from overwhelming him , this requires discipline , stability . Since Leviathan took his family , stability does not come easy . I provide the discipline he needs . This weapon Leviathan wants you to build , what is it ? Oh , it 's beautiful . It 's a photonic amplifier . Okay , you understand light is both particles and waves ? Hmm . Mr. Stark has found a way of altering the behavior of the waves . - Stark . - Yeah . Of course . It 's his design right here . Is Howard Stark here ? Hmm ? No , of course not ! They stole the schemata ! I mean , if he was here , the Leviathan would have no need for me . If he was here , I would be in Kiev with my wife ! Kolya , Kolya . You thought you would find Howard Stark here ? That 's why you came ? I have heard no mention of Stark himself from our captors . Only the work . HAPPY SAM : Incoming ! Please ! Please ! - Back away . - ( MAN SHOUTING ) Go ! Now ! Move out ! - Go , go , go ! - ( GUNSHOTS CONTINUE ) CARTER : Dugan , we 're in the boiler room . We need an exit . ( GRUNTS ) Gentlemen , if you know the way out of this facility , now 's the time to share it . Yeah , use your big brain and get us ... - Li ! - CARTER : Above you ! HAPPY SAM : Clear ! ( YELLS ) I know what to do . I know what to do . ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) What is he saying ? Is it bad ? It 's bad , isn 't it ? ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) Doctor , this is not the answer . ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) We will not be your leverage . We will die before we are captured . ( BREATHES SHAKILY ) ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) Nikola , listen to me . I want you to focus on the sound of my voice . Are you listening , Nikola ? ( SPEAKING RUSSIAN ) Then listen to me ! You 've got one chance of getting out of here alive , and it 's because of our good graces ! You kill our friend , and you will die at our hand instantly ! So you have until the count of three to put down your weapon and fall to your knees ! One ! ( GRUNTS ) ( SOBBING ) I am sorry , Nikola . Dugan , where the hell is my exit ? Out of ammo ! Thompson , Li 's ammo pack . Thompson ! Lieutenant . ( BREATHES SHAKILY ) Dugan , I 'm about to get very cross with you . ( GASPS ) Wah-hoo ! Stop " wah-hooing " and help . PINKY : Look at this mess . We were only gone five minutes . Everybody out ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Thompson , I said everybody ! Thompson ! Snap out of it , mate . Come on . Get your arse into gear . I 'm up . I 'm up . ( GRUNTS ) Peggy , go , go ! You go ! What would Cap say if I left his best girl behind ? He would say , " Do as Peggy says . " Run , Peggy ! Run ! Don 't look behind ! Let 's go ! Go , go , go , go ! ( CARTER BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( COUGHS ) ( CHUCKLES ) Not bad ... For a girl . I hate you all . Good luck . Thank you . - Ramirez . - It was an honor . You sure you want to get on that plane ? Commandos can always use another good fighter . We just need to come up with a nickname for you . Tempting , but I think it 's time I put my days on the front lines behind me . Someone needs to mind the wheel back in the States . And I suppose someone needs to convince the SSR of Howard 's innocence , wanker or not . I 'll miss you . Miss you , too , Peggy . Wait a second . Miss " U " . Miss Union Jack . What do you think , fellas ? Huh ? Never speak again . Okay . And , Doc , what about you ? Need a ride home ? I do not know where is home anymore . What do you think of New York ? The SSR could use your help fighting Leviathan . I 'll do anything I can . We 'll keep Europe in one piece . - Doc . - Huh ? DUM-DUM : Pleasure . Oh . You wouldn 't have any vodka ? Desperate times , I suppose . ( COUGHS ) ( STRAINING ) This is terrible . Might I have the rest ? It 's all yours . Doc . Bye-bye , bourbon . You all right ? Yeah . You saved a lot of necks back there . You saved mine . Not bad for a code breaker . Pretty bad for the Navy Cross winner . Everybody freezes sometimes . You recovered . That 's the most important thing . They were carrying a white flag . The soldiers that came into my camp in Okinawa ... The ones I killed . They were coming to surrender . ( GULPS ) I just didn 't realize it until it was too late . I buried the flag before anyone else saw it . Everybody thinks that I 'm this guy that I never was . And every day , it gets harder and harder to live with . ( GRUNTS ) I 've been trying to tell that story since I came home from war . You just did . Agent Li died honorably in action . It 's my sworn duty as his commanding officer to deliver the condolences of the United States to his family . No Stark , no Leviathan . No , sir . But Agent Carter was able to acquire intel about Leviathan from Dr. Ivchenko , about the enemy 's possible end game . We were able to retrieve him from a Leviathan prison . He 's very eager to cooperate with the SSR in any way he can . But he doesn 't think Stark 's connected to the Leviathan ? No . And I don 't , either . Noted . He may not have all the information , sir . He was working off Stark blueprints . Smart money says that Leviathan got them directly from Stark himself . Send the doctor in on your way out . Good work , Carter . Thanks , sir . ( EXHALES SHARPLY ) How is it that you 're the one who looks like he hasn 't slept for two days ? Just staying up late , worrying about you guys . You did good . Thanks , Daniel . Sousa , you coming ? You can buy me a drink for every red I killed . Not tonight , Jack . Pillow 's calling . THOMPSON : Ah . Come on , Carter . I owe you a bourbon . I 'll be right there . Are you sure you don 't want a drink ? Some other time . Thanks . Right . Well , goodnight . - Night . - ( CHUCKLES SOFTLY )
