 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... A team centered around people with powers ? Daisy : There exists a small percentage of the population With a dormant alien gene . There 's a chemical compound that activates this gene . And you , joey , are one of the first people To come into contact with it . No leadership means nobody giving orders , And that sure as hell includes you . Aah ! I 'm done flying solo . I miss having a team around me . Coulson : I miss her , too . I 'm having a hard time accepting it - - all of it . I-i 'm on my third hand . May took off on vacation and never came back , So i lost my right hand , too . We need to say goodbye . Jemma would want us to do that . [ screams ] Do someth-i-i-i-ing ! ♪ ♪ May our gifts see you through the journey . ♪ ♪ Perhaps it w- - What if i fail to fail return ? Be brave , my lord . ♪ ♪ [ monolith warbling ] [ growling ] [ manzini screams ] Will he come back ? Our best minds are working to understand this . But as far as we know , in all of history ... No one has ever returned . Daisy : I think joey 's a real candidate . [ scoffs ] sure . He 's inhuman . But ... Doesn 't meet my criteria . He 's a decent guy , and you know it . Getting that unit up and running is priority . Yeah , but it doesn 't mean it has to be a rush job . Look , dr . Garner will make his recommendation . And it will be the same as always - - Three months observation and counseling before reassessment . He 's as much of a buzzkill as you are . [ chuckles ] And if you haven 't been keeping score , Our team 's down to three musketeers . May and simmons are gone . Fitz might as well be , bobbi 's on the dl . And from what i hear , hunter 's planning to leave . Yeah , but not for good . He 's got a score to settle . It 's fitz ! Fitz broke into containment ! ♪ ♪ [ screaming ] Fitz ! Fitz , get out of there ! Are you crazy ? Close it ! Close it ! I got it ! [ all gasping ] [ click ] damn it , fitz . I had to know - - had to - - had to know - - I already lost simmons to that thing . I cannot afford to lose you , too . Trying to get yourself killed ? Sorry . [ sighs ] I won 't give up . I can 't give up . None of us want to , fitz , but ... Fitz , you tried . Okay ? You tried your hardest . Everybody knows that . No . I missed something . I m ... I missed something . [ breathing heavily ] What is that ? Proof . ♪ ♪ Sand . Not just sand - - impossible sand . The monolith 's case is a clean room . There 's nothing in there but that rock . Not even dust . Unless you blast it open with a shotgun And contaminate everything . That 's not what this is . Okay , the sand itself - - not unusual . Mostly silicone-dioxide particles just like on earth . But you 're saying this sand is not from earth ? Sir , carbon dating shows that - - It predates the earth by a billion years . ♪ ♪ So you think the rock is a portal ? No . No , i 'm proving that it 's a portal , Okay , to another planet , a-a very old planet - - A crack in space-time that carried simmons away ... And carried the sand back . Which means ... She 's out there . But it 's been months . Yeah ? She could be long gone from wherever this thing dropped her . Yeah . She could be dead . Yes . But we 're gonna find out , aren 't we ? Yeah . You 're damn right . Yeah . Okay , fitz , what do you need ? Uh , uh , well , uh , more historical data . People have studied this thing for centuries . I need an expert on quantum mechanics And einstein-rosen bridge theory , And a - - a sandwich would be nice . I might have an idea - - about the other things . You two , stay with our new inhuman guest . Be here for dr . Garner 's assessment . Building that team is still the priority . What did i say ? Bobbi - - I 'm on this with fitz . Yeah , haven 't you been on this with fitz the whole time ? Hiding his trip to morocco , Covering for him on a constant basis ? Have i ? And you know where you 're going . Coulson would be pissed if he knew what you had planned . Part of our agreement . He won 't sweat the details , and i won 't share them . You really think ward 's back with hydra ? Damn it . I want to go after him with you . You 're still on the mend . Plus , you 've been undercover with hydra , And that face makes an impression . The rest of you makes a bloody statement . [ beep ] you like me stuck here in the lab . [ chuckles ] too bloody right . [ beep ] you 're missing half a lung Because you took a bullet ward intended for me . Nearly bled out in my arms . If you being in the lab Means i never have to see something like that again , I 'm all for it . Bobbi , you want to fly ? Desperately . Good . Here 's our destination . Who 's professor randolph ? This monolith has been studied for centuries . Well , randolph 's actually been on the planet For those centuries , And he 's traveled through space in a portal And he 's also an alien . So he 's got a lot going for him . Don 't die out there . And , hunter ... Make sure he does . [ tires squealing ] [ screaming ] Hell of a machine , kebo . Built for precision , speed ... [ screaming continues ] ... Designed to handle flawlessly under any conditions . But carmine here bought it as a status symbol to show off . Never opened it up , denied it of its true purpose . [ squealing continues ] Old hydra 's full of guys like him - - Soft , entitled , Mistaking wealth for success , privilege for power . Their greed splintered hydra into a thousand pieces . Their time is over . Time for a leaner generation . [ tires screech ] [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ These people have proven themselves in blood . Did you see how they didn 't even flinch ? Now 's your chance to prove you still have purpose . Show me you 're not dead weight . ♪ ♪ So , tell me Where 's the kid ? I 'm sorry . I can 't help you . Can 't or won 't ? Potato , puh-tah-toe . And your reason ? The nightly news , cities flying into the atmosphere , Government task forces , And now the public is freaking out about alien outbreaks . Pretty crappy time to be on earth if you 're not a local , So i am staying low . And of course [ chuckles ] there is my current situation . Destruction of property , public drunkenness . Yes , well , asgardians can generally hold their drink . It 's just , well , one night i tried to hold all the drinks . Asgardians are also strong , right ? You could easily break out . What ? And miss dinner ? [ chuckles ] Oh , no . Yes , norse prisons are surprisingly evolved - - Decent food , comfy bed , extensive library , And no attention being drawn to me . Come back in a few months , why don 't you ? Maybe then i 'll be in the mood . We don 't have a few months . And neither do you . I don 't have to remind you that i saved your life , Though i did just mention it in case you forgot . But i 'd still have no problems Contacting those task forces you mentioned . I bet they 'd go bonkers to have a real-life asgardian To dissect in their labs . I don 't know how comfy you 'd be there . Why , agent coulson Are you threatening me ? I wouldn 't call it a ... Well , yeah , i guess i am . That 's absolutely a threat . You 're different now . You know that ? One must accommodate the times or things get messy . What 's with the hand ? Things got messy . Well ... You 'll have to cover my release . And if there is a portal , which i will have to see to believe , You are diving into very dangerous waters here . [ exhales sharply ] all right . Well , it 's not like you 're giving me any choice . [ alarm blaring ] He did it . [ chuckles ] ♪ ♪ Good to see you , dr . Garner . Hmm , enjoying the use of the private jet ? It 's very helpful . Thanks . Those jump seats aren 't made for transcontinental trips , I 'll tell you that . Are you hungry ? I can have something whipped up for you . That would be great . Thanks . Anything to drink ? Daisy , trying to butter me up ? What , are you not hungry ? Hey , look , my job is to keep everyone safe . Not just potential recruits , but you , as well . Bribery 's not gonna get this guy approved for the team any faster . Wouldn 't know , because you haven 't approved anyone yet . [ clears throat ] well , here 's , uh , joey gutierrez . Yeah , i was reading his file on the flight - - Liquefies metal . How 's he holding up ? Well , he 's terrified . That 's a healthy response . What about you two ? How are you guys doing ? No , no . Unh-unh-unh . You are not getting me on the couch today , doc , Unless it 's a conversation between friends . That 's all i meant . Great . How 's may ? Where is she ? Is she ever coming back ? You should ask her yourself . Well ... I would if i knew where she was . [ sighs ] no , no , no . You don 't watch where the ball goes . Then how would i find it ? You 're usually very good at things like this - - a natural . Yeah , well , there 's nothing natural about this game , And your comments after every swing make it super fun . You 'll get hooked . You 'll see . All right , fair 's fair . 10 shots for me , 5 reps for you . That 's why we 're here . Work that hip . You don 't have to worry about my rehab , And that 's not why you 're here . I may not be a spy , but 20 years with your mother Has taught me to pick up on things . You 're not here because you care about me . Oh , now i don 't care about you . I didn 't say that . I said that 's not why you 're here . Come on , mellie . You - - you take a trip to honolulu with andrew ... It was maui . ... And you come back the daughter of the year . Something is not right . [ sighs ] All right , i 'll figure it out for myself . [ birds chirping ] Well , i hate to disappoint , But it looks like your regular , old - - Oh . How often does it do that ? It 's random . No . No , no , no , no . It may seem random . But ... Something is clearly triggering it . I 've checked it against tides , relation to the sun , rotation - - On this planet . So you have no idea how to control it . Why come to me ? I 'm no interstellar-travel expert . I 've never even studied gravitational lensing Or zero-point energy fields Or quantum-harmonic oscillation theory . Yet you know all those words you just said . And you 're scared of portals . You 're scared of being dragged back home through a portal . So i think in your drunken stumble through history , You 've probably investigated every story involving one . And i 've seen you eyeing all of your exits , My knee brace , wondering if you can get away with it . The only reason you came with us was to confirm its existence . And destroy it . You 'll have to go through me . And i could . Literally . But , then , i don 't know what amazon woman And robot hand are capable of these days , So i will help you get her back . I 'm not entirely heartless . But if i do , I want your word that we will demolish this portal And no one passes through it again . I 'll sleep better at night . Good . Well , i 've investigated a lot of these wormhole rumors , But that 's all they were - - rumors . None have panned out . So we know nothing of its origin . Kree maybe . And this parchment was found with it . Well , hello . ♪ ♪ I 've seen this . It 's a common hebrew word . Yes . What else do we know , mr . Fitz ? Uh , well , the monolith changed hands a lot - - germanic tribes , Spent the hundred years ' war in france . But before the napoleon era , it was moved again . I lost track of it somewhere in - - england . Yeah . How did you know that ? Because i have seen this word carved into the walls Of a castle in gloucestershire , england , in 1853 . To the plane ! W- - am i allowed to say that ? Let 's all go to the plane , i guess ♪ ♪ [ indistinct conversations ] Ward : What 's the point of a boat If you never take it out of the dock ? Like camping in a living room . [ chuckles ] There . There are easier ways of getting money than kidnapping . Mr. Braun needs to see the world for what it really is . He can open many doors for us . Sorry , girls . Not allowed to post , but happy to take some of you . Perfect . ♪ ♪ [ rats squeaking ] [ woman screams ] [ screams ] [ indistinct shouting ] [ woman screams ] What 's going on down there ? Private party . Okay . I 'm on the list . [ grunts ] Good thing i dropped by . Why 's that ? I 'm an exterminator . ♪ ♪ Yes . Yes , yes . I came here for a costume ball - - That was the pretext , of course - - 'cause i had heard rumors of travel to the stars . Found it all to be nonsense . But it was a fun party . The carvings ? Oh , right , right . Of course . So i was here admiring the stone work , and ... ♪ ♪ The same as the scroll - - " death . " " maveth . " Yeah , one of its translations is actually " death by punishment . " Could mean " no trespassing . " A hebrew warning carved in an english castle struck me as odd . Out of place . Seems ancient . But you stopped looking into it ? A man dressed as an owl , of all things - - I got him drunk enough to admit That no travel to other worlds was even occurring . Just ritualistic killings . Eh , the whole thing stunk of half-baked satanism - - Just some fabrications to entice new members . And , well , there were fire dancers . I got distracted . Coulson : Here 's another one . This is why i got rid of all the s.H.I.E.L.D. Logos On our vehicles . It 's like screaming for attention . You know , there 's a ginormous eagle symbol On top of our jet . Yeah , sometimes i can 't help myself with the cool . [ rumbling ] You certain about this ? It does say " death by punishment . " ♪ ♪ After you . [ door opens ] Let me guess . Joey gutierrez is unfit for action Physically , psychologically , and emotionally . The man can 't open a doorknob without melting it . My psych-101 students could tell you he 's not ready . Maybe , in time . We are running out of time . Things keep coming at us . It 's like punching a waterfall . New inhumans , the atcu , and this - - this new guy . You should have seen him . It was a whole new level . You want to fight fire with fire . I get it . But you can 't be reckless about it . All these people who transform Have the potential to turn into monsters . But the team you do have has that danger , as well . Sounds like there 's some sage advice coming . Everywhere you turn , fires are burning . Coulson 's desperate to win on any front . But desperation leads to mistakes . Giving hunter carte blanche to get payback , Letting fitz try to open a portal to save one life - - These are questionable decisions . You should be telling him that . He doesn 't want to hear it right now . He 's - - he is who he is . But you - - you 're still changing . You see something i don 't ? Horns ? You 're turning into a leader , And i 'm concerned about how you 're handling the adjustment . Wow . I totally just gave you permission to analyze me , Didn 't i ? You are on a couch . Look , you are laser-focused On finding members for this team . I understand the need for these secret warriors . No , it 's more than that . When i changed , i felt like a monster . I needed help . This is a chance to show people they have a place to belong . [ scoffs ] it sounds stupid . No , but what you 're describing Sounds more like a halfway house . I 'll gladly help you build that . My mother created a halfway house for inhumans , And it was not enough . I - - i want inhumans taking action with s.H.I.E.L.D. To see that being different can mean making a difference . Charlie : [ chuckling ] whoa . You chop like your mother . I think she chopped her vegetables like that As a warning to me . " stay in line , old man . " You left the kitchen window open again . Paranoid - - a quality you share with your mother . You see her much ? Mm , she calls me now and then to see if i 'm still living . [ chuckles ] You haven 't called anybody yourself . Are you in hiding ? Come on over . I want to show you something . I found it while i was downsizing . [ scoffs ] Ta-da ! God . You put on skates at 7 years old , And you didn 't take them off until five years later . A natural . I was obsessed with dorothy hamill . I remember that well . Mostly i remember how hard the ice was when i 'd fall - - Over and over . That 's why i switched to martial arts - - padded floors . Well , and you could hit people . You expecting company ? No , but i 'm not afraid of the prospect . ♪ ♪ Aah ! Aah . What the hell are you doing here ? Uh , neighborhood watch . [ speaks native language ] ♪ ♪ Okay , well , this room wasn 't on the last tour . It 's an odd shape for architecture this period . Definitely built after i was here . Bobbi : Reminds me of the bunker under the louvre . What ? There 's no bunker under the louvre . That 's a joke , right ? You 're messing with me . All right , great . Now i 'll have to check . It 's late 1800s . [ electricity crackling ] Still got some life to it . [ rushing ] I hear water . Could be a stream underground , maybe hydroelectric power . [ mechanical whirring ] This looks a lot like it was made to hold - - The monolith . This machine was designed to control the portal , To open and close it at will . Coulson : Do you know that , Or is that just what you hope it to be ? Well , there 's only one way to find out . [ sighs ] [ beep ] Mack , i need you to load something onto zephyr one And bring it to us . Mack : What exactly am i bringing , sir ? Yeah ... You 're not gonna like it . You never earned a single thing in your life . You 're a waste of your family money . So ... We 're taking everything . Starting with banking passwords . Go screw your- - [ grunts ] I 'm not asking . From here on out , you want something , you earn it . Teeth , eyes , fingers - - whatever it takes . Get the passwords . A lot of speculation back at hq as to why you went awol . Spiritual walkabout , midlife crisis - - Early midlife crisis . I know you didn 't elope with your ex , 'cause he 's actually been around . Hawaiian islands couldn 't rekindle that old flame , eh ? You heard about simmons ? Coulson and i spoke on the phone . I know . He traced it . Pay phone at l.A.X. - - One of the surviving few . How did you find me ? Been reaching out to some of my less savory associates , Trying to dig up anything i can on hydra . My mate in leavenworth said They 'd received an anonymous call From a woman asking the same questions . Pay phone again . Careless . You do know that only .3 of the population of sun city Are asian ? What do you want ? Your skills . I plan to put ward six feet underground at the least . Your help would be appreciated . I 'm out . My father needs me . Oh , yeah . Car accident . Broke his hip . Police called it a hit-and-run . Looks like mr . May 's doing okay to me . He 's getting there . But they never found the driver . It was an accident , And i 'm here to help him get back on his feet . Yeah ? Is that why you nearly decapitated me for dropping by ? Why you 're making anonymous calls to old c.I.S ? Part of you wonders if it was ward Going after the people you care about . We both know he 's capable of it . And unless i 'm off the mark , He 's out there pumping new life into hydra . And we both know where they 'll come knocking first . What 's your way in ? From below . Climb the ranks . Hail hydra and all that . He sees your face , you 're made . If he 's close enough to see my face , Then i 'm close enough to put a bullet in his . I 'm out . I 'm gonna nab a payload from these gunrunners To establish my cover . If you change your mind . Whatever your reason , you 'll never be truly out If you 're always looking over your shoulder . And next time , it won 't be me outside the window . ♪ ♪ Zephyr one , you 're clear to retract . Wow . Room full of ancient gack . Kind of reminds me of your office , director . Realistically , what are the odds of this thing working ? If we were realistic , we never would have gotten this far . Well , andrew garner thinks i need to be more so . He recommended three months observation And counseling before reassessment for joey . Says i 'm reckless . Don 't take it personally . He probably just meant that - - He said you 're desperate . What ? He didn 't say that . Did he say that ? Bobbi : Let me guess . I 'm struggling to come to terms with physical limitations And losing my sense of self instead of redefining it . No , he didn 't mention you . Oh . Oh , he did . That 's what he said . Oh , good . Mack - - mack , push that lever . No , the one - - the one that 's - - the one that 's down . The one - - the one beside it . Push it . [ click ] [ mechanical whirring ] ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] Everybody , stay clear ! Bobbi : Fitz , it 's working . It 's staying open . Light ! I need more light ! [ groans ] We got a problem ! I need some bloody light ! Fitz ! Help . The gears have locked ! Bobbi ! ♪ ♪ Skye ? Hey . Skye , are you okay ? S-skye ? It 's daisy . What ? It 's daisy now , sir ? You 're really having a hard time with this , huh ? Damn it . Yeah . Daisy , hey . Are you all right ? Yeah . I 'm better . That pulsing sound was killing me . What pulsing sound ? Are you serious ? It was deafening . Slow down . Slow down . Slow down . It holds the portal open . That flare shot straight through . If we could send a hard-wired probe through , We can see the other side . We can find her . We 'll fix the machine , turbo ... We have to fix it . ... But you got to chi- - How are we supposed to fix a machine We don 't know how it works ? [ grunts ] I figured you for a mama 's boy . One slap , and you spit out the info . [ grunting ] It 's been a good run , kid . Aah ! Now , let 's just get to the end . [ grunting ] Come on . [ breathing heavily ] Okay . You win . [ both grunt ] Nobody treats me like that and lives . Aah ! Do you even know who the hell i am ? Do you ? ! Ward : You 're werner von strucker . Your father was baron wolfgang von strucker , One of hydra 's greatest leaders . Powerful family name doesn 't mean you deserve respect . You earn that . I wondered if you had it in you . Your old man would be proud . Come on . Brought tacos . [ crickets chirping ] [ lock clicks ] Unfinished business ? Is that what you 're in hiding from ? [ sighs ] [ chuckles ] you and your mother . Silence always means yes . You take after her in that way . In every way . So that 's what this visit is all about ? Things with you and andrew did not work out so well , So you feel damaged in some way . But there are worse things to be than your mother 's daughter . [ sighs ] [ glass thuds ] I just want to have a normal life , dad , Away from s.H.I.E.L.D. I want to see if i can . Normal ? With a handgun in your golf bag ? Trying to protect me from some unfinished business That follows you like a shadow ? ♪ ♪ You remember the pain when you hit the ice , But i always remember how quickly you would get up . I was a kid . It didn 't hurt as much then . My daughter always got back up . [ door opens ] You needed a push . I had to know you could handle the fall . I should have you killed . Okay . First thing , if you 're gonna kill someone , Don 't threaten them . Just do it . Oh , my father would have you - - Your father kept you in the dark And then died a meaningless death , Leaving you to hide your face with no answers . I know what it 's like to come from a complicated family . Hydra 's fractured , in pieces . We 're gonna rebuild it - - the right way ... By force . My father so rarely let me see any of his world . It 's your world now . And when we put these pieces back together , They 'll be stronger than the original . It 'll just rattle apart again . We have to reinforce the connections . Reinf- - look , most of the workings are under the ground . We just can 't tear the castle down . And actually , we 're lucky the room is shaped this way , Or the machine might have shaken it apart on top of us . [ grunts ] Wait . [ metal clangs ] Wait . Yeah , yeah , yeah . That 's the point . Quantum harmonic oscillation theory , like the professor said . I know that look . It 's a strange shape for this time period Because it 's made to resonate , uh , to - - to - - to - - uh - - Create a-a quantized field within the stone . Fitz , you 're talking , but we 're not totally following . The room is a speaker . The machine is an amplifier . Uh , a sub- - subsonic frequency to resonate with the monolith . You saying you figured out a way to fix the machine ? No . I 'm saying i figured out that - - We don 't have to . ♪ ♪ I can do it . I can open the portal myself . Well , turns out we 're standing in the middle Of the world 's largest subwoofer . Yeah . If the point of the machine was to resonate the room At a certain frequency , i can do that . And you can replicate it ? Kind of drilled into my brain . And it could kill you . How long do you think you can hold it ? Maybe a minute . If it 's too much , you pull back . I can 't lose you , too . I got this . Here we go . Camera and data sensors are hard-lined back to us Through a cable - - no signal loss that way . If daisy can hold it , we 'll get a visual of the other side . That 's what we 're looking for . All right , you listen to me . You take care of yourself . We lose that probe , nobody cares . Uh , i 'm confused . What exactly is she planning to do here ? [ rumbling ] [ strained ] sorry . Still tuning . [ breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ Hold it open as long as you can . Fitz , no ! [ wind gusting ] ♪ ♪ Jemma ! Jemma ! ♪ ♪ Bobbi ! Jemma ! Jemma ! Simmons : Fitz ! Fitz ! Jemma ? ! [ breathing heavily ] Jemma ? ! Oh ! Jemma ! Fitz ! [ grunts ] Damn it . Pull him back . Get him back here . Aah ! I can 't hold it ! ♪ ♪ [ gasps , coughs ] [ panting ] [ breathing heavily ] [ panting ] You did good , tremors . You did good . [ panting ] Fitz . ♪ ♪ They 're gonna be okay . No sign of radiation or infection . Fitz would never have found her , but she saw the flare . We brought a woman back from the dead today . Randolph : Yes . And , happily , you kept up your end of the bargain . The portal is destroyed . Thank daisy for that . Yeah . Agent coulson ... What exactly is daisy ? They call themselves inhumans . I have not heard that word in a very long time . Yes ? Your team pulled off a miracle today . Fitz got simmons back . I thought you deserved to know . They think she 's gonna be okay If you want to come back and see her . Or stay . I think headquarters is big enough for the two of us . I 'm glad she 's safe . Simmons is back . She 's okay . Are you serious ? She 's alive ? Fitz , you absolute beauty ! Beers ? ! Let 's get a beer ! ♪ ♪ [ gasps ] [ breathing shakily ] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ First thing tomorrow morning , all right ? Man : Dr. Garner ? Yeah . Yeah ? I 'm sorry for the intrusion , But i was hoping to add your class . You okay with a few weeks makeup work ? Yeah , i-i just transferred . I think psychology might be my major . Okay . You know why most people take psych , right ? Ahh , damn this pen . Here . Give me your back . They 're trying to figure out their families . You got me there . You wouldn 't believe how messed up mine is .
