 Back then my father used his mechanical skills with The Origin and created a wooden robot My father called him " Arti " However , Arti wasn 't accepted by the world Instead , he brought fear and death upon us But I won 't give up . ( After sixteen years Kuerle ) Ah ! Goal again ! ( After sixteen years Kuerle ) Come on ! This is ridiculous ! Who celebrates like it 's Christmas everyday ? You could at least leave me a bite to eat ! Go on a diet if you don 't have enough food ! I 'll only stop when I get the White Lotus Swordsman Don 't let him get away ... Stop it . I 'll give it to you And a duckling for free Leave some for others to play No , it feels better to win it all by myself ! Now . It 's really game time ! Get him ! Stop running ! Oops my hand just slipped and got it ! Let 's see where you can run to ! ARTI-C ? Bro ? What 's going on ? Take down Mo and that wooden man ! White Lotus Swordsman ... We didn 't even have time to connect , and yet you 're gone . Humph ! You dare offend me ! ? You 're doomed ! Let 's see where you can run to ... Hurry UP ! Now you know you 're finished , eh ? Still running ? ! ... Let 's see how well you can run ... Think you 're running in the Olympic games ? Get out of the way ! Mo ! I don 't care what you did ... to the Wooden Man Hand over the winnings and I won 't hold a grudge I didn 't do anything . A bet is a bet Humph , how could I possibly lose ? ! Could that rotten wood have some special powers ? How could it beat our Chicoda , the war God of Kuerle ? It 's him ! Something smells fishy here Yeah , you cheated You have two options Either let me tear apart the wood and inspect it , or give me the money to calm my boys Show everyone a good time Yeah Or else ... Boss , or else what ? Shut your mouth ! ARTI-C has overused The Origin He might not be able to hold out for long Hey ? Playing dumb ? I 'll only count to three One Two Boss is a fly ... You 're the fly ! Kill that fly ... Stop sneezing ! Smash them like flies ! Get him , go ! Go ! ARTI-C , go ! You darn fly ... Be a real thug if you want to be one ! Darnfly ... You idiots ! I lost face because of you ! Why are you still standing here ? Beat ! Beat him to death ! Let me kick ! Heck ! Victory ! Victory ! I 've won ! Broken down already ? You piece ofjunk , I thought you were better than this ... Give me my White Lotus Swordsman back ! What 's going on ? Roar of the lion ... It sounds so scary ! Boss , this one is pretty tough Tough my ass ! I 've insured myself against occupational injury ! Nothing to be afraid of . Beat her up ! Give me ... My ... White ... Lotus ... Swordsman back ! Such back luck ! I didn 't insure myself against occupational injury lt 's true . Things can 't be forced Really shouldn 't have pushed you ! Done ! As long as I 'm around , everything will be OK ! You 're such a bratty thug ... What would I tell Dad ? Dad used to say ... Daddaddaddaddad ! You 're like a broken record ! Whatever ! You caused all these problems ! Bro , you have to give me a White Lotus Swordsman ! The stall is smashed Where could I get it for you ? It 's like this every time ... Stop making a mountain out of a molehill ... What the heck ! Never seen a tigress so rude ! You ... You can talk ? You 're not the only one who can talk ! What ? Hey , bro ! Come look at this There 's a talking duck here Never seen a bird like this before I wonder if it 's unique to Westland Why is there a ring on its body ? This ring is a burden of fate lt 's proof of my sacred contract with the humans You ... can never abandon me ! What ? Interesting ... Since there is no White Lotus Swordsman , take this instead ! What ! This ugly duck can 't compare ! I want the White Lotus Swordsman ! Do you have to be like this ? Here , the White Lotus Swordsman lt 's a really big difference ! Here ... Drink a toast to myself ! I brought the bad guys to justice ! Cheers ! The milk wine is so rich and tastes so delicious ! What the heck ! You noisy ugly duckling All you are is a cheeky monkey I 'll call you Cheeky Ducky ! I 'm a sacred beast , and you 're calling me Cheeky Ducky ? Stop babbling Shouldn 't ducks quack ? Quack yourself ! I 'm no ordinary duck ! I 'll teach you if you don 't know how to quack ! If I reduce the wheel on the elbow by an inch , I can make the actions more delicate But at the same time , I sacrifice strength and speed ... Dad ... What would you do ? But the most important thing is to find The Origin as soon as possible Hey , I save it for my bro Bro , you 've been doing nothing but fixing ARTl-C ! Eat first and work later ! I 'm not hungry . You eat I have to check all the records on ARTI-C and The Origin Going on and on about ARTI-C , ARTI-C You never care about me Well , Tong , you must remember ARTI-C is the only thing Dad left behind ... The only way we ... could remember Dad is through ARTI-C ... Back then Dad was misunderstood by the world for making ARTI-C Evil people used the chance to frame him , ending his life So we must protect Dad 's legacy ARTI-C is the keepsake that will clear our name I know it all by heart from hearing you say it since we were kids Don 't talk back like this Recently I found that ARTI-C can 't move well And he 's getting worse Maybe it 's because The Origin has aged I need to find a new replacement But in Great Granddad 's notes , I can 't find where The Origin came from Hope our trip to Lou-Ian Kingdom ... will help us find out the secrets of The Origin Come on , I 'm also what Dad left behind Bro , if I fell into the river with ARTI-C , who would you rescue first ? Would you rescue ARTI-C first ? I bet you would You would never rescue me first Tell me ! Tong , it hurts ! You ... who would you save ? Who would you save ... if ARTI-C and I fell into the river ? You 're being childish . I 'm not even going to answer Stink bomb ! You 'd definitely save ARTl-C and not me ... I 'm going to drown ! Heartless bro ! You 're such a drama queen ! Tong ? White Lotus Swordsman ... You were born so beautiful , but you 're such a lush Bossy and mean , where 's the beauty ? How can I fail to spot it ? I would save you first , bro ... lt 's great ! I 've got a little ARTI-C too ! Stop , don 't run ! We 'll show you how good ... the five warriors of Chang-An are ! Bro ! Are you alright ? Tong , don 't worry about me You go first ! I won 't leave you alone ! Stinky monsters ! The five warriors of Chang-An are the best Cut the nonsense ! I 'll kill whoever picks on my brother ... Dad ... is it ready ? Easy ... It 'll be done soon Why don 't you give it a try ? Dad , look ! He can move ! He 's called ARTI-C ARTI-C Come He 's your big brother Big brother ? ARTI-C Come over a bit more ... We almost got it ... Dad ? Why is ARTI-C not moving ? Don 't worry The Origin that provides energy has weakened I 'll fix it What if one day ARTI-C stops moving forever ? What should we do ? Dad , I 'll follow in your footsteps , and help ARTI-C find The Origin The Sandworms are here ! Run for your lives ! ( Let 's 90 ) ( Yes ) Mom , I want that ! I want a pound of grapes Okay . Right , did you hear that Lou-Dong village is wiped out ? Of course lt 's so cruel Three villages downstream of River Peacock have been wiped out by the Sandworms Oh , my god ! I 'm so scared I 've asked my husband to stop doing ... business in Lou-Ian for now Making money comes second when it 's a matter of life and death ! Tong , I need to buy a few things . Then we can set off ! See you later ! Sir , how much for this butter ? 30 dollars a jar Are you Mo ? Yes May I help you , Miss ? Sir , I 'll pay for Brother Mo 's butter You must be my witness No problem Witness for what ? Who are you ? Kameedia Brother Mo You thief ! How dare you steal my money ! Mo ! Why are you with her ? You know each other ? Great ! Master Mo is my brother Our relationship ... - Miss ... I have nothing to do with you ! How could I be your brother ? You want butter and I want a brother lt 's not a crime to help one another , is it ? Is it ? Who cares what your relationship is ? Give me back my money ! Me ? NOt you ! Uh , yes , you both need to pay up ! I spent all my money ! I just paid for my brother , didn 't I , sir ? Didn 't I , sir ? Yeah How much ? I 'll give you the money ... What for ? You heartless beast ! We 're not done yet ! Boss Bob If you dare harass me again , Brother Mo w0n 't be happy about it Kameedia , you stole my money , and you say I 'm harassing you ? I 'll teach you a lesson ... We 'd have to see if Brother Mo agrees We 're inseparable from now on Don 't be like this ! Boss , beat him to death ! - You pond scum Sir , is it heavy ? It 's fine Take care then Thanks Heck ! Such bad luck ! Let 's go Miss , how much ? Give me a price Oh , it 's on me Bro What are you doing ? So this is your type ? Don 't tell me you just bumped into each other ! Tong lt 's not what you think We 've given you your money back Why are you still here ? Now the world knows that ... Brother Mo and I are inseparable That woman has strong legs Aren 't you tired from following us all this way ? We 've paid and you 've taken the money . Clean and clear Don 't stick so close ARTI-C , don 't ruffle my feathers ! Guard the dam , don 't let them destroy it ! There 's movement up ahead ! I 'll go take a look ! Tong Don 't you dare damage the dam ! Bro I 'll go after them Tong ! You can 't stop us ! Stop it ! Rat of Lou-Ian ! It 's just a kid ! You 're the kid ! Hurry ! Get a move on ! Move this over there Move this over there OK His majesty , the prince ... Your Highness Your Highness - Burn them all ! That rotten wood isn 't ... even good enough to make performing robots Your Highness , we 've chopped down all the trees that are good enough in Lou-Ian All the trees are gone in Lou-Ian ? Can 't you go looking in other countries ? Keep looking ! Yes Sir ! A secret message ( Chief ... ) ( Let him 90 ) Keep searching ! Wooden soldier ? Burn this monster ! No ! ARTI-C ! ARTI-C ! Are you a wooden man too ? At least you should answer him ! Bro , what is it ? ARTI-C ! Having a nightmare ? ARTI-C ! ARTI-C ! ARTI-C You can 't stop talking about that wooden man Can 't you see your sister 's foot ? She 's almost crippled What the heck ! Causing trouble again - What ? What happened to your foot ? Bro , don 't worry The injury 's no big deal lt 'll heal in a few days Brother Mo lt 's great that you 've woken up ! General Thanks to you and your sister 's help , the damage to the land is less We 're very sorry that both of you are injured You 're very welcome , sir I wonder who those people were They are the notorious Lop people of the Westland This has never been a place for growing crops Plus all the bugs and the evil people ... A year 's hard work has gone to waste ! Oh well ! Enough about this How 's your injury ? At ease , sir. lt 's OK now ! Good to hear that . I feel relieved Fortunately , Prince Angelo of Lou-Ian came to our rescue Prince Angelo of Lou-Ian ? Wonderful ! My nephew Your Wooden Men 's performance is spectacular ! They 'll make me proud when they are presented to the Han Dynasty Your Highness is too kind I have another thing to report This is the record of ... the recent Sandworm attacks on nearby villages I beg your attention Three of the villages were almost wiped out Most have immense crop losses lt 's all part of a sinister plot of the Lop people I plead for your consent to lead 500 elite soldiers ... to attack the Lop in order to ... get rid of them Can a war match a year 's abundance ? Angelo Since I took over as King of Lou-Ian , we are no longer a barbaric people ... like the Xiongnu Your father 's way of violence ... no longer works Lou-Ian is like the Han Dynasty lt 's a shining pearl in the Westland I won 't allow anyone to destroy its prosperity Just do your job making wooden performers Don 't get involved in issues of war My uncle rules the country with wisdom A bright future can be expected in Lou-Ian I shall leave ! According to the book , once we pass the stone forest , we 'll be near Lou-Ian Kingdom There 's strong , sandy wind here Everyone holds onto the rope Careful , don 't get lost ! How can we walk in such sandy wind ... ? Why do all these rocks look so weird ? You ! Good-for-nothing ! Dad ? Bro ! Here we are ! We 've arrived in Lou-Ian ! What a magnificent Buddha statue ! Now I can make a fortune ! What the heck ! Dad We 've arrived ( Lou-Ian Kingdom ) What is that ? It 's the sacred monster Pi Xiu They say Pi Xiu likes to suck the blood of other monsters ... and turn it into wealth That 's the true spirit of Lou-Ian ! After the Silk Road was opened , Lou-lan 's economy took off So they think that time is money Please ... come on in Come , come on in ! Yummy food ! Yummy food ! Gentlemen , you are from the Han Dynasty , right ? We have the most authentic Han dishes " Peigong Meat " and " Creamy Fat Fish " You 're bound to like them ! What would you like first ? You 're looking down on Master Mo ? ! Master Mo eats meat and fat fish ... in Chang-An every day We came all the way here to eat authentic local food Yes ... Ah , you 're an expert Master Mo from Chang-An ! Nice to meet you ! Bring out the best dishes ... in the Kingdom of Lou-Ian ! This is Master Mo 's first time in Lou-Ian Don 't let him down ! Of course ! Our Lou-Ian dishes are guaranteed ... to be the most authentic in the city ! We have braised chicken , venison , beef soup , roast whole lamb ... And ... Good ! We 'll have it all And two gallons of milk wine ! Yes , yes , coming Coming right UP ! You sure can con people ! When dealing with those who suck up to customers ... Our Master Mo is enough to scare him Leave me out of the trickery ! Don 't worry Just act like a puppet and keep a stern face That 's enough to scare the guy to death ! Bro You 're really too serious when you don 't smile I just keep thinking about how to find The Origin so I won 't let Dad down ... If that 's the case , I 'll just sign you up Sign me up ? A martial arts competition ! Good ! Send ARTI-C in ! No ! What do you make of ARTI-C ? Don 't jump to conclusions ! Look ! See what the champion gets ? The champion will get two hundred gold coins ... and one thing he desires ! Yeah ! It 's a great opportunity ! If ARTI-C wins and shoots to fame overnight , we 'll clarify the misunderstanding ! Bro ! That 's not a bad idea ! Sign ARTI-C up , quick ! But ... May I ask who Mo is ? lam Mo How can I help ? Master Mo , here 's a message from Prince Angelo . You 're invited to take part in the martial arts competition Look over here ! Ladies and gentlemen The first match of this year 's martial arts competition is about to begin Now , let me introduce our first group of contestants Entering the Eastern Gate is the one who comes from Che-Shi The champion of last year 's wrestling , Pongba , a.k.a. Fatso-Firewheel ! Look at him ! His fat shines in the sun Looks like he has a great chance of winning the title ! Entering from the Western Gate is ... Chang-ANS M0 and , facing death with him , his wooden man ... ARTI-C This is the first time someone is competing ... with a wooden man lt 's a shame that ... they 're facing off against Pongba in the first round ... I think ARTI-C Will fail terribly , all the way to the grave ! Come on ... Odds for Mo are one to ten . Pongba is ten to one Why would anyone bet on the wooden man to win ? If he does win , I will not only give money , but stuff myself with these grapes ! Ok ... count me in ! Let alone 10 to 1 ! Even if it 's 100 to 1 , I 'll still bet on Pongba winning ! I 'll place 10 tael on Pongba . Mark it down for me ! It 's a lot of money ! I think Pongba will definitely win I 'll put in 5 for Pongba Me too ! Don 't rush , one at a time Pongba ! Ready Fight ! Pongbag Not many in this world dare ... go head to head with Pongba ! Should I call this new wooden man courageous ... or as dumb as a plank of wood ? Looks like Pongba will win with ease That was very close ! Pongba was almost beaten by ARTI-C 's evil tactics I see the wooden man is very despicable ! What ! Where does this host come from anyway ? ARTI-C is fighting Pongba with all honesty ! Pongbag Bro , what are you laughing at ? I don 't know Just laughing along ... in case people find out we can 't read Pongbag Pongbag ARTI-C ! Heck ... Stick the head into the ground ... Pongba is ready to use his best fatal blow " Stick the head into the ground ! " So far no one on record ... has ever survived this move ARTI-C 's head is in big trouble ! ARTl-C ... all the way to the grave ! What 's going on now ? We won ! My brother won ! Dear brothers , I especially pick the big ones ... Very smooth ! Host ! The audiences complain that your comments are unfair ! What ? They 're not unfair ! Here I am ! This is for you What the heck ! Tong When the competition finishes tomorrow , we 'll find another doctor to take a look at you Don 't worry Anyway , if your foot is amputated , ARTI-C will carry you Ask the waiter to serve us food now Eat first , and we 'll then think about later I 'm not hungry I want to go upstairs and rest You have to pay even if you don 't eat Here , let me carry you You can go , but leave the money Suit yourselves ! Such spoilsports ! Cheeky Ducky , their food is yours Eat up ! Sorry , you take your time . I can 't eat with you You 're not eating either ? You eat it yourself ! I 've found my happiness I won 't come back ! Bye bye , I 'm off ! Farewell , farewell ... Bro , you look happier recently My life 's mission is to ... clear our family 's name And make more people accept ARTI-C I 'm getting closer to my dream But I 'm slipping away from my dream Tong What is your dream ? I want to be a heroine who helps the poor and the weak And protect you and ARTI-C forever ! But ... My foot is ... Your foot will be fine I remember you had a fever when you were six We didn 't have any money I carried you around Chang-An to beg every doctor for help Finally we found a kind doctor ... who was willing to treat you Now my foot is hurt Bro Are you willing to carry me around ... to beg for help again ? Of course As long as ARTI-C wins tomorrow , we 'll have a lot of money We can find a good doctor to fix you up Or we can seek help from the King of Lou-Ian ! Besides , I need my fierce sister to scare away ... the baddies that gang up on me and ARTI-C ! You 're so annoying ! Nasty bro ! Don 't think too much Bro Win the title ! You think you 've won , just like that ? We 've won ! We 've won ! My brother won ! ARTI-C won ! The winner , ARTI-C ! ARTI-C must be taking steroids ! Impossible I don 't believe it ! This guy is cheating What are you doing ? Why are you arresting me ? I 'm not from Taiwan I 'm just a Chinese with a bad Korean accent ! You said you wanted to bet big Let 's welcome Prince Angelo to present the award Congratulations , Master Mo Dad , do you see ? ARTl-C has won everyone 's recognition and respect So you 're Prince Angelo of Lou-Ian Thank you for saving my life No big deal Master Mo 's Arti is no doubt an experienced and trained warrior Your Highness just said " Arti " Can it be that you know ... I need you to do me a favor . It 's what we both want - The Origin Please follow me I 'll send someone to escort your sister back to the inn Don 't worry As you know , the skill of the Artiactually originated in Lou-Ian ... and Lou-Ian was , in fact , once a country ... that enjoyed the benefits of advanced mechanics But ever since my uncle came to the throne , it has changed Just like the fate of your ARTI-C in Chang-An , it is misunderstood by people Otherwise , with the prosperity of Lou-Ian , the magic of the Artiwould have reached great heights This is ' £ he Arti ! This is my Sainatan He also relies on The Origin to move Just a shame The Origin is like a human being It dilapidates with time How can it be ? You mean ... We can 't find more The Origin ? No For years , I 've looked through many documents , and found that the Lop people use The Origin The source of The Origin is in the control of the Lop They call it The Pristine Heart The Lop tribe ? The bad guys that attacked the fields ? Yes . They can order the Sandworms to commit evil It must have something to do with The Origin What ? It 's a shame the king only cares about politics and economics He ignores the life and safety of the people of the Westland I asked him to wage a war many times but he never agreed I get it Your Highness wants me to ... ask the king to send his troops to war My brother ! I don 't wish to put you in a difficult position ! Of course not ! Your Highness is right Sending soldiers to Lop will ... not only rid the Westland of troubles ... but locate the source of The Origin ! But my sister ... Your Highness , a woman called Kameedia asks to see Mo She says Mo 's sister has gone missing I went up to call her down to eat , and haven 't seen her since A leaf of a Pristine tree ! Oh , no ! It 's the Lop people ! I 'm so hungry You want to play with me ? So many butterflies ! What 's that fragrance ! You 're awake ! Feeling better ? Who are you ? Why am I here ? I 'm Fair , the guardian of the Lop tribe Erdos brought you back for me to ... heal your injured foot My foot is healed ! How can the leaf be so magical ? It 's the power of The Pristine Heart The Pristine Heart ? What is that ? The Pristine Heartis the source of The Origin lt 's also the mother of the earth ... and the source of all life The Origin ? The Lop tribe has The Origin ? You use this power to send ... the Sandworms to attack people ? Of course not Nature is the master Human beings live in harmony with Nature But they 'll suffer if they ignore Nature It all started when the Sandworms ' water was taken Listen What 's that sound ? The rage of the Earth Mo I have told Angelo countless times ... not to mention sending troops Your Highness , I just want to get to the source of The Origin Angelo , you think you 'll get your way and I 'll send out soldiers because of what Mo says ? Not a chance ! I believe you will keep your promise to the people ! Your Highness , a king is as good as his word You should at least do something My humble opinion is ... How about giving him 500 soldiers as a gesture ? Fine I will keep my promise For Mo 's sake , I will give you 500 elite soldiers Thank you , Your Highness ! ( Come catch us ! ) ( You can 't get us ... ) ( Silverstar ! Hurry ! ) Whew ! That was close ! ( Brother Erdos is hugging a girl ! ) Here we are ! How can a place be so beautiful ? It must be wonderful to stay here forever What is he saying ? He says ... He didn 't mean to bite you last time ... lt 's alright . I 'm OK now Oh , yes , I ... Can I ride him ? ( Can she ? Silverstar ) What 's he saying again ? Silverstar thinks you 're a friend I 'm Tong , nice to meet you ( This is the kitchen . Don 't cross the line ) ( You can 't come in ! ) ( You 're so weird ! ) ( lt 's Brother Erdos and Silverstar ! ) ( And a Han girl ... ) Hold on ! What are you doing ? This is fun ! Let 's do it again ! ( Erdos ! You 're doing the dangerous stunt again ) ( I 'll tell your dad ! ) ( No you won 't . Uncle Cheh , you 're the best ! ) This is the Altar of the Lop tribe The most important ritual of the Lop tribe will take place here in five days Wow ... it 's big ! The Pristine Heartprovides nutrition for the trees here It allows their roots and stems to support the whole of Lop Come ! Let 's go up and take a look Up ahead is the exit that leads to the ground Usually you can 't go through it Don 't let anyone see you ( You also trust that Han woman ? ) There are so many stars here ! Put on your mask . There is a sandfall up ahead Here we are ! There is a sky full of stars down there But not the kind of star seen above the ground ... Legend has is that the Lop people dwell ... in the Pristine forest downstream of River Peacock We just don 't know where their den is I 'll flatten the forest to the ground See where you can hide then ! Search ! Yes , sir ! Be careful ! Destroy him ! Everyone watch out ! Draw back . Retreat now ! My brother Mo ! My brother Mo ! Let 's hurry away first Tong is still in the hands of the Lop people I 'm not leaving ! Fool ! Let 's go ! ARTI-C ! H ... heck ! Why haven 't we seen any trace of the Lop people ? Could they be hidden underground like the Sandworms ? Yes Underground ! I got it ! Nightfall , speed up the reconstruction of the dam ! And get Sainatan ready Why did you bring the Lou-Ian soldiers to attack the Sandworms ? You 're asking me why ? To destroy plagues like you , of course ! How dare you ! Bro ! ( Father , don 't ! ) Tong ? Bro ! Tong ? Are you OK ? I 'm OK Did they do anything to you ? Bro , I 'm well Erdos took me here to heal my foot ! ( Father , he 's Tong 's brother ) ( He 's not a bad guy ) ( Shut up ! He just said ) He 's going to destroy my tribe and the Sandworms ! It 's not like that ! He just misunderstands the Lop tribe They brought you here for no reason Their motive is suspicious ! Even if they did cure you , what about the villages destroyed by the Sandworms ? We saw it all with our own eyes They 're the plague of the Westland How can there be a misunderstanding ? You vagabond ! How dare you insult my tribe ! I 'll shut you up for good ! ( Father ! ) My Wound ! How can this be ? Mo I believe you are here for The Pristine Heart What ? How did you know ? You are the heir of my old friend , Zhang Qian I knew this day would come lt 's just that many things have changed Although The Pristine Heartdoesn 't belong to anyone , I hope you won 't take it away Bro , the goddess is right We shouldn 't take anything from the Lop tribe Our most important ritual is taking place tomorrow stay So that maybe you can understand it Bro Listen to me This is what happened ... The Sandworms attacked the villagers because ... the dam cut off their water supply Bro Don 't have a prejudice against the Lop people People here are friendly and easy-going lt 's not difficult to make friends with them Things will be more difficult ... when we become friends What should I do ? Oh , yes ! Bro , look ! The goddess has already healed my foot ! It 's just that ... I let you worry And you 've come all the way to Lop for me ( Hi , how are you all ? ) ( Such a pretty young lady ... ) ARTI-C is ... ARTI-C ... can hardly move now ... Bro ... Listen to me ! I really like the Lop tribe I don 't want anyone to destroy this place ! Bro If the Pristine Heartis taken away , everything here will ... Enough ! Tong , do you remember what Dad died for ? If ARTI-C can 't move , Dad 's work will be in vain My sixteen years of effort will be for nothing Our family 's good reputation will never be restored I get it You didn 't come to Lop to rescue me For the past sixteen years , you have only thought of Dad ... and ARTI-C And your so-called life mission I mean nothing to you Nothing at all Tong " . Your Highness , everything is ready I will rule the world for eternity ! ( Where the heart is , lies eternity ! ) ( The dead are not gone , while the ending is not the end ) ARTI-C Sorry ... Be careful , everyone Yes What 's going on ? The water source has been cut off The Sandworms are strangely uneasy lt 's never happened before Oh no ! ( Goddess ) I 'll take a few warriors to ... scout the waterfall and the ground above Wait It 's too late Angelo has sent soldiers in to attack ! Han ! Why should we believe you ? ! You 'll have to anyway The dam upstream has been fixed They must have traced the riverbed to the entrance of Lop ( All Lop warriors get ready for war ! ) Look over there ! Search thoroughly ! Can 't find them We 'll do whatever it takes to find them ! Over there ... Set fire to the trees Go after them ! So you are the chief of Lop tribe How arrogant ! Get him ! Over there ! Is he dead ? ( Kill them ! ) ( Get out of my way ! ) ( Cheh ... ) ( Dad ! ) ( Goddess ) ( Uncle Cheh risked his life to lure the enemies , please save him ! ) Why won 't you save him ? Are your tribe 's beliefs ... more important than people 's lives ? ( Goddess ) ( please use The Pristine Heart ... ) ( to save my father ! ) ( Goddess ) ( what you have taught me , ) ( I never dare forget ) ( Don 't go against Nature 's law ) ( to save my life ) So close ! Kameedia ? How can it be you ? Oh , no ! ( Goddess ! ) Impossible ! Die now ! You think you 've won ? What are you talking about ? Nightfall , well done ! ( Father ! ) ( Goddess ) Kameedia ... Why did you do this ? Everything I do is for myself Angelo , you planned it all ? Strictly speaking , I have you to thank Thanks to your persistence , asking the king for 500 elite soldiers It all went according to plan Taking The Pristine Heartaway will shatter the lands of Lop You 'll destroy the lives of the Lop people Welcome to our cold , cruel world ! ( Goddess ! ) The earth is shattering ! Lou-Ian ... has been destroyed ... Perfect ... Just perfect ! ( Ride the Sandworms and get out of here , quick ! ) ( Hurry UP ! ) ( Erdos ! Go save the Goddess ! ) ( I 'll get The Pristine Heartback ! ) ( Father ! ) Master , we should retreat ! Kill them all ! Yes , sir ! Hand The Pristine Heartover ! ( Hurry ! Goddess ) ( Hurry away from this place ! ) You go ahead I have to take back The Pristine Heart ! I won 't leave my brother ! Tong " . ( Let 's go ! Silverstar ) Get out of the way ! Bro ( Stardust , take them away ! ) ( You no longer follow my orders ? ) ( Go ! I said go ! ) ( Go ... Stardust ... ) ( That 's enough ... Leave me be ) You roaches , just die ! Stop it ! ( Wherever the heart is , ) ( lies eternity ! ) Heck ! Please ! Just give me a bit more time ... Strength is everything Things without strength have no reason to exist Just like the Lop and ARTI-C Both destined to be destroyed ! Now I know I 'm wrong ! It 's not important how much strength ARTI-C has , or whether he is accepted by people ! It 's not important at all ! What matters is ARTI-C is my family He 's my brother ! Those without strength , have no right to own anything ! Tong ! This is your funeral ! Bro Sorry If I fall into the river with ARTI-C , who will you save ? Bro ! Bro ! Bro ! Bro ! What if one day ARTI-C can never move again ? What should we do ? Daddy , why has the rainbow gone ? Here , close your eyes Mo , let me ask you How many colors are there in a rainbow ? Seven That 's right Only the rainbow in your heart won 't disappear Now , the rainbow will always be in your heart Farewell , Tong , ARTI-C It 's all fine ! Yay ! ( After three months ) Hello pretty ! I can write this word . Like this No , you got it wrong No , I didn 't Where are they going ? They 're going to get ARTI-C I want to go get ARTI-C , too I want to go , too ... I want ARTl-C too ! Me too ! I want ARTI-C too ! Ma 'am , you 're forcing me to go on a diet again ? Nah , sir I 'm here for charity this time Your charity means my loss ... IFS OK Better than having your stall smashed , right ? Right ? Finally , the King agrees to stop building the dam at River Peacock We 've given out all the ARTI-C toys I think it 's about time to say goodbye From today onwards , we 'll rebuild the homes ... of the Sandworms and the Lop who live by Lop Lake ( Sister Tong , you must come visit us often ! ) OK I 'll definitely come back when I 'm free Anything wrong ? Oh , nothing ( Wherever the heart is , lies eternity ) ( Farewell )
