 The Embassy of the Eastern Trade of the Southeast Economic Alliance ... has just been occupied . 11 armed soldiers have taken 42 civilians as hostages . Major Kusanagi , you are a talented professional . Thank you , Advisor Fujimoto . Success is just one step away , Lt. Col. Kurutsu . I agree with you , Ambassador Richard . Talking face to face is just a formality . The age of government officials working with AI has arrived . Is it okay for us to meet like this ? Your team and the government are on the same side on important issues . The world has been changing drastically after the war . This country is no exception . Wars have sped up the development of cyberbrain and prosthetic bodies . The progress has generated numberous cybercrimes . But that is not the essence of the problem . The development of cyberbrain and prosthetic bodies has given rise to ... gigantic profit-seeking systems . It is impossible for any country ... to manage the huge amount of data that is shared in real time . In future , huge economic alliances may eliminate countries or races , but for now , the country still has its role to perform . Yes , many anarchistic systems are causing chaos in the name of trade . The country 's primary role of protecting its citizens is jeopardized . Move back ! Cyberbrain and prosthetic bodies connect the military and the economy . It 's meaningless for the government to interfere now . People can 't say that no law-enforcement unit can monitor all networks ... and break the laws laid forward by the country . We need to tackle directly ... the people who break the law . Either we let informatization become the system , or submit to the system . What we need now is ... An offensive law-enforcement unit that can monitor and judge all systems . A network unified with the system that enables people to choose correctly . Lt. Col. Kurutsu , we welcome you and your organization very much . An anti-terrorism unit that reports directly to the government ... High-tech investigation of cybercrime , exposure of commercial crimes ... There 's nothing your team can 't do . Major , are you done yet ? Only a few more minutes . How 's the situation ? It 's already an hour since the attack . It 's as hot as a carnival here . Damn , it 's the old ape from Section 9 . Didn 't Chief Aramaki request us to act ? He wants us to join his section . But Major likes to work independently . That old ape has network authority . What should we do , Major ? Should we hack the network of Section 9 ? I 'll talk to him . You wait here quietly . The Prime Minister wants to settle this as soon as possible . I will give you network authority to do your work . Thank you , Advisor Fujimoto . Do you like this country ? I like it as much as the drive it has given me to use my talents . Then the country should work hard to earn your love . " Gun shot has been confirmed at the occupied Embassy . " I 'll go right away . Wait ... Yes ... Your smile is too perfect . There 's no need to isolate the memory of your prosthetic body like that . I 've never made a programmed smile , Advisor Fujimoto . Well ... I have no intentions to doubt your Ghost . I 'll go to the Embassy now . All the best . Ishikawa , any information ? Our budget is approved in the 320th congress meeting . That 's great , Major ! Come into my cyberbrain . We need to solve this fast ! Kusanagi ... I didn 't expect to see you here . You are here to kiss the government 's ass ? And you 're here to help greedy businessmen gross more profit ? Almost half of the military has been privatized . This IS war . The side that loses will be doomed . The war is over . I don 't want anyone to engrave a serial number on my Ghost . Humans are all exchangeable consumer commodities . Very soon we 'll know which of us is expendable . I 'll be there in 7 minutes . Have we got all the information ? 11 soldiers who object to downgrade the Ministry of Defense ( MOD ) ... have seized the Embassy of Eastern Trade of Southeast Economic Alliance . This is the location of the gang , their past history and related units . All eleven of them are cyborgs . Two of them are heavily prosthetized . The Police Tactical Unit won 't be able to handle this . There are 42 hostages , 36 of them are detained in the lobby with a bomb . The other 6 are senior officials who hid in the panic room . I guess they are the real targets . It 'll be a disaster if the door is opened . Either they 'll shut themselves inside the Embassy for weeks , or they 'll execute the hostages in public . What are they asking for ? Maintain the status of the MOD and terminate court-martial . There 's no mention of escape route . They just want a war zone of their own ? Follow my command and force a domination . Wait . Is it only us ? After the attack we will follow up with a hack to their cyberbrains . The Logicomas will be our shield . The police will stop the gang from getting help . What else do we need ? Are you serious ? You can 't do anything without your necktie and textbook , greenhorn ? You 're the only one who 's not a cyborg , it 'll be hard for you to work with us . Why don 't you take this chance to prosthetize your whole body ? What ... ? If you die , I 'll give your pretty wife a call . Before your cyberbrain is smashed , I 'll help to retrieve your last words . If you wanna die without pain , remember to let me know . Stop joking , you guys . I 'll show you guys I can do it ! You are the best ' parts ' I 've ever found . If you don 't perform to your best , I 'll just purge you out ! If I didn 't let you stay in my squad , most of you here will just end up in jail or get stabbed in the back . Don 't ever forget this ! Get ready to break in ! She doesn 't need to call us ' parts ' . You want to break in like that ? What a naive princess . She 's a demon . Damn gorilla woman ! She 's the worst ! That 's because she really trusts us . Damn it , we really might be killed . We can 't break in with just our teams . How about the Special Unit and the Ranger Team ? All of them refused to help . They don 't want to fight their own pals for some foreign military businessmen . What they should do is stop their pals from sinning further . All the related parties will be accused as conspirators . Chief Aramaki , please retrieve your men . You have arrived finally , Major ? I 'm sorry to say this but please retrieve your men . So the secret budget that just got approved is for you ? Teaming up with politicians is so not like you . There 's too much bureaucracy so I 'd rather talk directly to the top guy . Working directly under the Prime Minister is just some terms on paper . I think you 'd better set up your squad in compliance with international laws . Like a special unit within the Intel rescue team as your suggested ? If it wasn 't the war , I would 've set that up already . We can stop these incidents from happening if we have such a team . Let 's not talk about a hypothetical unit here . I 'd rather get my job done first . What is the time of domination ? 20 seconds later . We don 't want to kill , so please don 't act until we have finished . You guys are like a bunch of kids playing with a new toy . Start the domination . Communication is lost ... our system is dominated . Shit ! It 's an advanced domination . I can 't aim , my eyes are intruded . What 's going on ? Come on ! Hello ! Damn it ! Logicoma , protect the hostages . Got it ! So you are my prey ? Quick ! Don 't let them take the hostages ! We need to do whatever we can to gain time ! Hello ! I can also do it ! Come on , just fall down ! What are you aiming at ? No killing . Don 't monitor my eyesight ! Please stop your habit of killing . The war is over . There 're many dudes who 're still continuing . Go to hell ! I feel sorry for you . You 're prosthetized for strength only , how absurd . When you almost died in the war and then later got prosthetized , you must 've thought that you 've become the strongest man . I also thought the same way . Major , this side is cleared . How about the panic room ? The door is intact . I see two guys moving . Batou and I will go after them . You go and release the hostages . Bring all the captured soldiers to the lobby . Shall we also break in ? Do you wanna make yourself a fool ? We just need to be the first one to take control of the onsite inspection . It only takes 7 people to take down a group that is surrounded by 200 . Nice ! " Occupation came to a deadlock " He 's alive , Mr. Prime Minister . Hmm ... I 'll issue an execution order . Batou ? Major ? Where is the enemy ? What happened , Ishikawa ? There was a moment of interference . There is a 12th criminal inside the Embassy . A 12th one ? Find him now ! Hey ! Attacking fellow team members ? Get outta here fast ! Strange ... there should be one more . There 's some noise just now ... Hey , don 't touch that ! The hostages are infected ! This pattern ... A false memory virus ... It 's the Fire Starter ! Distribute the vaccine quickly ! Didn 't we activate their Ghost locks ? Why can they still move ? It 's the 12th person ! He 's the source of the packaged virus . Destroy his cyberbrain quickly ! I haven 't got a permit to kill for a longtime ! Please wait , Mr. Prime Minister . My ear ! My ear is real ! I 'm so gonna kill you ! What happened ? Virtual cyberbrain ... It 's a remote controlled puppet without a Ghost . Where is the 12th person ? I lost him . I 'm searching again . Emergency warning issued by the government ? Secret meeting at the Yagasaki Hotel ? Bomb attack ? What 's this about ? Who 's dead ? It 's the first time in our history that the current Prime Minister is murdered . At the same time , the Embassy of the Southeast Economic Alliance is taken . Are the murder of the Prime Minister and the Embassy occupation related ? The investigating unit has requested Vice-Minister of Defense Kitahara to ... Now look who is expendable ... Someone has disposed of you after using you ? I 'll dig him out and put his body next to yours , Kurutsu . The secret meeting was held with Ambassador Richard of Eastern Trade . Analyze the background of the Embassy occupation thoroughly . Yes sir . Investigate the Prime Minister 's official residence thoroughly . Monitor those who plan to exercise their privilege from arrest . Yes sir . I should have done something ... to stop all these from happening . Is maintenance over ? If we have a generous budget , we can have better maintenance . Now that the PM is dead , are we going to get our next budget ? Gimme two hours to fix my body . I 'll kill the guy who hit me ! Saito , search for cyborgs that are the same model as Major . You 're the only one who 's seen him . I 'll do both . What should we do now , Major ? Paz , go to the Embassy . Borma , go to the explosion site . Check if these two incidents are connected . How about the cyberbrains of Kurutsu and the others ? They 're severely damaged . No data can be retrieved . I 'll investigate her and the virus . If the cyborg really did spread the virus , can I kill him ? Can a dead person talk ? Stop your habit of killing , idiot ! Should I investigate the soldiers with the greenhorn ? If we waste more time here , they might have escaped overseas already . If the enemy 's goal is political , they must 've infiltrated into the government . They won 't act immediately . So a third party is planning this and manipulating the pro-MOD soldiers ? I hope they 're not from this country . I hate killing my own people . Check the background of all the people who are related . I don 't wanna lose the race of gathering information . Advisor Fujimoto ... I came to assist in the DNA check of the dead body . They cannot tell if it 's my father from the appearance of the corpse . I will find out the person behind this . I 'm really confused . I can 't even recall what happened yesterday . I don 't even remember what I last said to my father . I have experienced the same thing at the war field . Did you remember in the end ? Yes , I recalled everything , and never forget about them . It seems that my father had sent me an execution order before he died . But it was intercepted by someone . Can you help me to find out what my father had asked me to do ? And also ... Hmm ? Would you care to have dinner with me ? Huh ? I want to talk to you more , if you don 't mind . The number of restaurants that welcome me is very limited . Did you hear it , Ishikawa ? Yes , I 'll go check about it . Should we also follow that guy ? Stop doing unnecessary things . Dig out the criminals ' network . Flirting with woman the next day his old pal got blasted ? And it 's Major , not any woman . Maybe he has always liked her . The 3rd generation of a congressman doesn 't get to meet women like Major . Let 's just focus on work . Now that we 've got network authority . We haven 't seen any moving humans in 900 hours already . I 've heard of the privatization of Unit 501 . But I don 't know it 's been transformed into an automated factory . Everyone has switched to work for Harimadara . What 's your matter ? Did you come for a factory tour ? Why was Kurutsu at the site of the explosion ? For profit and survival . Richard and the PM have agreed to slow down the development of ... prosthetic technology , just to prolong the life span of the production lines . The country 's been financing research to avoid the deadend , hasn 't it ? Exactly the opposite . A lot of prosthetic bodies that we use now ... cannot be upgraded in the next generation . Different from you who have been prosthetized since 0 year old . Your prosthetic body was designed with the possibility of version upgrade . Owing to the wisdom of the designer Dr. Kusanagi . So this is where you manufactured the parts ? Yes , for the sake of our survival . Decelerating technology development to strengthen the vested interests . Or innovating technology to seize huge market shares . Kurutsu believed in the former and got erased by interest parties of the latter . So the culprit has huge incentives to kill both the PM and the Ambassador ? Thanks for the information . Go say " hi " to your parents . I 'll do it next time . Just come any time . Like us , your parents aren 't going anywhere . Kouichi Sawada , ex-communication soldier in the Army Panzer Division . Someone who manages the military network has to live in a place like this ? Yes , if the records left in the cyberbrains of the criminals are true . Logicoma According to the temperature sensor , there 's only one person inside . Anyone dead ? I can 't detect that . A dead person won 't talk . If he 's not alive , we 'll have to start our investigation from scratch . What a group of noisy visitors . Can 't you just keep the door closed ? Because I have a gut feeling that someone will come to talk to me . What do you want to know ? Are you Kouichi Sawada ? We 're from a special squad of the government . We would like to ask you something about the murder of the PM . What information do you want ? The last words of the soldiers who are involved . These soldiers don 't have anything to leave behind except their last words . After they die , since they have no friends or relatives , their last words are sent to me , an officer whom they have never met . If only they can come and tell me their last words in person . Is somebody dead ? Not in here . You wait for us outside . Roget Any message that seems connected to the murder of the Prime Minister ? No , but the last words of those who occupied the Embassy have come . Anyone gone missing ? A lot . Let me send you the name list . Is there anyone who looks like a leader ? The most influential among the list would be Army Col. Haruyoshi Nada . He 's the advisor of Vice-Minister of Defense Kitahara . But he has gone missing before the incidents . You can come and tell me your last words . Why ? Most of those who end their lives are full cyborgs . As the spec of the cyberbrain changes they can 't switch to new prosthetics . What ? Just like me . If I don 't have this job , I would have killed myself already . You can only choose to upgrade your cyberbrain , or get left behind by the change in technology . This is the deadend of prosthetics development . How about the dead person ? There 's nothing we can do to help . If the body can 't be fixed , I suggest data retrieval and system restoration . If the person is dead , you can 't restore its Ghost or anything . It seems like a very inconvenient unit . Mr. Batou , have you been dead before ? I almost died but then I got my whole body prosthetized . Do you work for Major as a ' part because you want to die ? Hey ... A good man like me doesn 't die easily , understand ? Yes . Thank you for your teaching . Make a request through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MFA ) . We are victims . We object to hiding the military identity of the criminals . We will request for a compensation from the government . He looks more like a trouble maker than a victim . Robert Lee , representative of the Eastern Trade . He 's a notorious fixer . Upon the request of the US , he was once sent into exile . But somehow he made his way back into the country . He might be attacked again but he seems not to care . I bet he has a lot of things to hide . I want to know who set up the secret meeting for the Prime Minister . Maybe the place of the meeting was leaked by someone . Please tell Major she is welcome to join hands with us in investigating . The spec of cyberbrain and prosthetics are like borders of a country . Although the borders will create differences among the countries , no country will give up its own borders . Lt. Col. Kurutsu and I were searching for the way to the next generation . Councilor Amegata , you 've been reaping profits from cross-border trade . I 'm not a councilor anymore . Lt. Col. Kurutsu once said , One day , the cyberbrain network will cross the borders of enterprises . This can be something in the far future . If you think you 'll be in danger , we can send someone to protect you . There 's no need . Your ex-colleagues will protect me and my company . Major . What have you got ? I still haven 't found out who intercepted the PM 's execution order . But I know Lt. Col. Kurutsu has sent out some data . The data was sent one minute after the explosion automatically . It 's not like the last words of a soldier . It 's sent to another place . Give me the address , I 'll go right away . The members of Unit 501 are all working for large enterprises now ? Or you 've all become subjects of research ? Stop your investigation , Kusanagi . Instructor Ibachi ... We will take care of Kurutsu 's case . Stop messing with this ! You don 't even have backup in prosthetic maintenance , loner ! If you continue to do stupid things , you 'll be dead . Beware of the ex-members of Unit 501 who 're now working for Harimadara . They might interfere with our investigation . Okay . I think they 'd be very keen on taking revenge . We found govt documents on avoiding deadends in prosthetic development . 20 years ago , the government had started a discussion on this . And there was even a security plan related to this discussion . Security plan ? What happened ? A large scale search for a missing couple . A doctor who 's doing prosthetic research and his pregnant wife . At last they 're found in the accident scene of some chemical weapons . Their corpses were kept in a government institution for research . Are you listening , Major ? Send the data to my Al for further analysis . Check if that 's related to the two incidents . You belong to a different section now ? Besides the military , we 're having more visitors from the private sector . We need to bring up children with a wider range of skills and talents . These children are good deals for enterprises , right ? It 's a good thing we can secure the future for these children . That way . Hello . Hello . What is your name ? Chrissy . I am Motoko Kusanagi . I used to live here . Do you miss this place ? Yes . I recall a lot of things that happened here . Do you know Kurutsu ? We all know her . She 's the one who promised to create a future for us , but she 's dead now . Can you share her message with me ? Yes . When you see this message , I 'm no longer in this world . Confirm in your own network about the rights and obligations I entrusted you . I know you will feel anxious , but I assure you that we have a future . If you believe in the Third World , we will meet again some day . The Third World is ... A world without people and material , a world with data only . She said even if we can 't change to newer prosthetic bodies ... and therefore cannot live anymore , we will still have a place to go to . Do you believe in it ? I 'm not sure ... This is the whole message ? Yes , will I see you again ? Yes , let 's meet again . Why do we have to talk face to face ? You think my cyber lobby is not safe ? I think chatting over meals is as important as talking in the cyber lobby . What are you saying ? You 're the one who brought this guy with flesh and blood into our team ! The greenhorn is worrying if you 're just a robot . I didn 't say that . I 'm just trying to build up trust and understanding . He complained about not having leave and not having sakura viewing parties . I didn 't say that ! It 's about the pro-MOD gang ... Similar last words have been sent out from the 11 criminals , Colonel Nada and the seven missing soldiers . Chances are they 're all hiding and waiting to strike again . We only found something strange in the last words of Colonel Nada . He said he had received a gift from the Third World . Does it mean Colonel Nada has got the virus from the broker ? No ... but it 's really strange . Hmm ? The Third World ? Is it some kind of a myth ? Check if anyone in the MOD or related enterprises uses the same term . Damn it . We need more people in the team . I will add more people , if I can find the right ' parts ' . You are calling people ' parts ' again . What 's the problem ? This greenhorn once said , What kind of a team leader would call her teammates ' parts ' ? What ? I didn 't say that . I have something to report , Major . After examining the rifles used by the criminals and the bullet trace , it is certain that the snipers shot with remote machine guns . The same person is attacking with the virus and controlling the cyborgs ? This isn 't a cyborg that is the same model as Major . This IS Major ! I 'm getting excited for some killing . By the way , I feel like someone 's stalking me and staring at me . I also feel the same . So do I. Is it the old ape from Section 9 ? No , it doesn 't feel like him . I found someone who 's related to the incidents . I have something interesting to show you . Get into my cyber lobby . What do you want to show us ? I did a research on the movement of objects caused by the explosion , by a tool called Pyro-reverse Measurement . It 's like a reverse play-back of the explosion . This is really cool ! The case that contains the bomb has a fingerprint recognition system . Only the Prime Minister and those who are close to him can open it . How about the surveillance camera ? It 's military equipment but the transmission range is very limited . I tried to send in random noise . It uses a cheap cipher circuit operated by Al . I got connected to the network of the peeking man . What is your name and department ? Our hitman can 't wait to kill , you know . I belong to Section D of Treaty Deliberation . Sent by the Police to the MOD ? Who 's involved in the Prime Minister 's secret meeting ? I 'm Akiyama from Treaty Deliberation . Please explain to us briefly . A month ago , we found this guy who sells the Fire Starter . The virus that can brainwash , initiate Ghost infiltration and create false memory simultaneously . A triple packaged virus that makes the impossible possible . That person uses the same name as the virus . You approached him to get the virus but got tricked in the end . So you decided to spy on me , a cyborg with the same model ? You are a super-wizard-class hacker . It 'd be strange not to suspect you . Two officials were manipulated by the enemy . Officials ? Their help was needed to execute the Prime Minister 's plan . One of them is Col. Haruyoshi Nada . The Colonel that went missing before the incidents ? His role is to isolate the radical group that supports the MOD . But suddenly he 's attacking both sides . I can only say that his character has changed suddenly . He 's infected with the virus . Does a broker need to do all that for a deal ? The enemy of the PM must have paid a huge amount for the virus . I want to dig out who they are , and also the broker . Who is the other official ? Vice-Minister of Defense Kitahara . What do you want to do ? Don 't move ! You bunch of crap who don 't respect rules and systems . I 'll arrest you for illegal investigation . Stop it ! I didn 't think it will turn out like this ... Let 's have a talk . So she got infected via Col. Nada and led the pro-MOD gang to start a riot . All for getting media support to downgrade the MOD and ... sacking thousands of soldiers ? Is this related to the death of the PM ? No as of now . Officials of the MOD and MFA were manipulated in the murder of the PM ? The virus is still not located . If this woman is behind this ... The hacking route of the cyberbrain is specified . The victim is also aware . Who dares to say this is some act that I put up and perform by myself ? What ? He 's not from Section 9 , right ? He 's the head of the Strategy Department of Intelligence . He 's also chasing the broker of the virus . Aramaki ! So Intelligence has paid more than Treaty Deliberation to get the virus ? We don 't know anything about Treaty Deliberation . We faked the deal to catch the broker , but lost him before getting the virus . If that 's how you want to tell the story . We need all the help we can get now . Major , join hands with us . Those who protect themselves by detaining the witness is also as guilty . You loner and your team stop being so arrogant ! We 'll let you know when we break in . You can take on after we finish . Fire Starter , the " Team " has found its way to Kitahara . Your virus is good enough to sweep those trouble makers away , right ? Don 't worry . Treaty Deliberation and Intelligence are both under our control . And the truth is the biggest scandal and tragedy this country 's ever seen . Is it really safe to bet on their loyalty to the country ? Don 't let them find us . Then I 'll need a bigger reward . Motoko Kusanagi ... maybe some day I 'll snatch this name for my own use . It is certain that the PM had sent out an execution order before the blast . The only connection to this is ... a deserted ship in the memory of Vice-Minister of Defense Kitahara . It 's docked at the Newport Pier , and the owner of the ship is unknown . Although this is the secret hideout of Col. Nada and his gang , surprisingly Intelligence seems to know nothing about it . Maybe Col. Nada was infected just as Treaty Deliberated said . This is 90 % a trap . The sailing route of the ship coincides with the layout of undersea cables . This could 've been a spy ship for collecting intelligence . Intelligence has detained Kitahara so this is all the info we got . What to do ? Let 's seize the ship and find out . What ? Sudden attack ? If you have any doubts you can leave the team . All these are related to the murder of the Prime Minister . Do you want to find out the truth or give up here ? Follow your Ghost . Is it not a place smeared with blood ? Nor a place leading to death ? Is the place you 're heading for gonna give us a living place ? At least we 're gonna get the position we deserve . Stand-by here . I dunno what will happen . Many talk about an independent offensive unit with top priority . None has succeeded in setting up one so far . There 's no one outside the ship . It 's coming ! Where does the tank come from ? We shouldn 't have come here ! Saito ! I can 't get it ! Damn it ! It 's thermal optical camouflage model 2092 , latest version from Kyoren . How much capital do you need to have your own tanks and troops ? I 'm gonna seize control of the ship , cover me ! How ? Let me show you , greenhorn . Go ! Major. go now ! I 'm at the mid-level security bar . Confirm the gate array of the barrier . It 's a subspecies of the strategic barrier used by Army Intelligence . There 're numerous entrances but only one exit . So much trouble ! I 'll dig a tunnel . Damn it ! It 's all null data inside . They escaped in the last minute ! The null data is fake . The data is on the other side . I 'll find another way to get to it . I can 't wait ! Let me burst it open ! The active protect system of the data transmission vehicle is damaged . Disconnect immediately ! It 's too late . What is it ? Hey ! How many hidden servers are there ? I won 't break in unprepared . I 've seized control of the ship . I 'll pass the info- - What is this ? Signal 2 , 6 and 7 are lost . There 're enemies on the ship , their position is not clear . Seems that the shooting control room is seized by the enemies . Great ! Finally got it ! We 're also done here . Hmm ? Get down now ! There 's one more tank ? Mr. Batou ! Stop ! Why 's there still no cockpit ? We 're still applying for it . Reorganization of the Army ? Why is my squad ... Who did this ? So this is it ... Escape now , Major ! Major , what 's wrong ? Hey , What 's going on ? She 's seized control already , hasn 't she ? Someone is near so they 've changed to control the ship remotely . Saito , find those guys and finish them ! I need more information ... Got it ! You 're really good at your job . If she dies , I 'll employ YOU - The guy has escaped ! Why aren 't they chasing and attacking us ? Their goal is not getting back the ship ? Is everyone alright ? Major ? What happened ? You used the Ghost infiltration key ? She 's forcing us to gather together . There 's not much time so I 'll make it short . I 'll continue the investigation by myself basing on a certain hypothesis . There 's no need for all of us to take the risk . Major ? It 's just data , not the real person . I 've just announced the dismissal of our team . Your reference letter is with Chief Aramaki . You can switch to whatever job you like . You are the greatest ' parts ' . When you guys get together , you can achieve something much greater than what I can do by myself . That 's all I have to say . Follow your Ghost . Her cyber lobby is locked . So she 's decided to purge herself out . Maybe we are the ones who 're left out . So what 's going on ? It 's not funny . The Ghost lock is not working ... It 's a remote controlled cyborg ! Did you catch Colonel Nada ? Is he dissatisfied with the indefinite postponement of the examination ? I don 't even know what 's real anymore . He 's not dissatisfied . Ask the Ministry of Commerce ( MOC ) or Eastern Trade to pay for the repair . I 'll need to borrow another car . Fire Starter ... Is it originally the code of the virus ? Or originally a name ? What 's the difference ? We 've given up the spy ship as per your request . What else do you want ? The whereabouts of the key person Major Kusanagi is still not clear . Please look for her in your network . Your help is much appreciated . We 're about to reveal the biggest political scandal after the war . Vice-Minister of Defense Kitahara is murdered . And Colonel Nada is still missing . It 's very hard to prove that what you said is true . Plus your team has lost the authority to investigate . But you can continue the investigation as members of Section 9 . Ha ? I 'm not interested at all . What ? Who would do this kind of thing ? Hey ! Are you guys gonna give up like this ? Where do you want to start again ? If we can 't get anything from the ship , look for those who refuse to testify . Do you mean Robert Lee from Eastern Trade ? He 's a strong opponent . Use the network of Section 9 . Yes ! Shoots have come out , let 's give it more time to grow . I won 't let anyone destroy it ... Major . I 've got new information . The couple that 's involved in the policy to avoid cyborg development deadend . Their corpses are kept in Unit 501 for research purpose . The wife was pregnant when she died , wasn 't she ? What 's this about ? About someone who 's made a full cyborg at birth . Are they Major 's parents ? There 's no way we can confirm . The corpses were too polluted for identification . Major was born without a body and raised as a military equipment . She has nothing to lose . Coz she 's never own anything that she can lose . She 's been living like that before the war ended and going independent ? Why did the victims who might be Major ' parents have to run away ? It was for Major . They must have found something big in their research . This is my thought . Major must 've seen something dangerous on the ship . Something so dangerous that she has to purge us out . Don 't tell me she 's trying to protect us . I 'll laugh . She 's the one who calls us ' parts ' . Though she calls us ' parts ' , she 's never treated us like ' parts ' . Anyway , being a full cyborg is full of ' parts ' . You either join an organization to get support on maintenance , or rot away gradually as you live on . Where 're you going ? Follow my Ghost , you know . What I see is telling me to do so . One spy ship , two tanks and seven armed soldiers . This trap must have cost a fortune . What did she see ? I came to talk to you . Sorry for the sudden visit . I heard you wanted to return to Intelligence . If you 'll give us information on Major Kusanagi , I 'll think about it . You are the one to give information ! I need to do my job as a messenger ... Kouichi Sawada , ex-communication soldier in the Army Panzer Division . Your identity matches with one of the soldiers who 's killed on the spy ship . L ... Col. Haruyoshi Nada , someone has planted false memories in you . Ishikawa ! How Could you do this to your old teammate ? You think you can get away with this ? This is a micro machine that can magnify pain 7000 times . It only takes 5 minutes to reach your cyberbrain . The pain 's definitely not something you can bear . Stop it ! Stop ! Coming out from there ... Get in ! The executives of Southeast Economic Alliance and that cyborg are allies . So we can 't say the same party attacked both sides . Why did you go to the Embassy ? The gigantic electronic paper that was found in the explosion site ... I was able to recover part of the data . A 3D map of the Embassy ? The goal of the PM 's secret meeting is ... That 's impossible . The spy ship is used for collecting intelligence in collaboration with USA . It 's not for political scandals , it 's for defense issues . Why would they go as far as giving up the spy ship to frame Major ? Who 's the enemy of the Prime Minister ? The PM wanted to use the pro-MOD gang to curb opposition from MOC . That 's all I know . Please let me go . That 's just vitamin , stupid ! So it was Colonel Nada ? Maybe his sympathy towards front line soldiers has created these memories . The wish or guilt of the person has become the core of the false memory ? And then he got manipulated to threaten the government . This is unbelievable ... Robert Lee later seized control of Ambassador Richard 's rare earth mine . They seem to be working together , but actually they 're in opposition . So it 's about military businessmen trying to get rid of each other . The PM has requested Ambassador Richard to murder Richard Lee . Then Richard Lee counter-attacked . The broker has probably provided the virus to both sides . The broker must 've compared the rewards and decided to take both . So this is a war between the PM and Southeast Economic Alliance . I got it . An arrest order for Major has just been released . Where 're you going ? It 's something that even Major would choose to handle alone . I don 't think you guys are gonna have the guts to do anything . Don 't underestimate us . Please bring Major back safely . Huh . Major Kusanagi ? Section 9 asked me to inform them if I see you . Do you want me to keep this meeting a secret ? That is up to you , Advisor Fujimoto . You are the one who sent the bomb prepared by the enemy to your father . How can this be ... One more thing . The discussion on a certain part of our budget is unclear . Where did the money come from ? It must be money left from privatizing Unit 501 . Please help me to restore my memory . I can 't stand to have this memory in my mind ... I would rather choose the truth . No matter how much I want , I 'd never trade my memory with a fake . Never again . Remote controlled cyborg ... Kurutsu ! Bring me to the server floor . Network for virus development ... External transmission ? An attack barrier plus a barrier maze ... It must be something really important that needs both of your to protect . We haven 't been seen in this form for a long time . I 'm sorry but we have to stop you . Is it an order from Kurutsu ? It 's a wish of us all . Kurutsu is only a part of it . She 's still alive , isn 't she ? Please don 't resist , Kusanagi . I don 't want to make you kill . It 's enough , Kusanagi . You loner and loser ! Get out of my way ! This is your limitation , Kusanagi . Hello ! Hey , are you awake ? We broke into your hidden laboratory . Don 't complain . Hiding weapons in your prosthetics to lower its performance is so not you . Why are you here ? Why didn 't you say it like this ? As the team leader I can 't order you to follow me . But as a person with a Ghost , I 'd like to give you the option to go with me . Escape now . I will , after you come out of the maze . Until then , we 'll just do whatever we like to do . Can you bear the responsibility ? Don 't worry . We 'll use government officials to settle this . I can send as many troops from our subsidiary enterprises as you wish . It 's okay to have a huge number of people dying as in a war ? It 's a business that 's worth 500 billion dollars . We can 't stop . After all , the idiots who want to change the world are just minority . Getting rid of them quickly is what you people call democracy , right ? Don 't resist , Kusanagi . I don 't want to smash your cyberbrain . My barrier is not as cheap as you think . I didn 't think she would attack our barrier . We 'll all die if she doesn 't stop . Then you 'd better tell me before we all die . Where 's the real Kurutsu ? What does she want to do ? We don 't know where she is . Her possession of multiple prosthetic bodies is top secret . Her goal hasn 't changed at all . No matter which side wins , she wants to live on . I think you might know that the goal of Southeast Economic Alliance is to ... innovate prosthetic technology and monopolize the market . Many kids can still upgrade their prosthetic body , it 's not a deadend yet . Do you wanna sell them to enterprises as commodities ? They have inherited hopes and dreams from all of us . They 'll become next-gen prosthetics . They can have upgrades in the long term . Do you want them to repeat the same thing ? And to sell their Ghost ? This is ... You 've always been free . Always wanting to create your own future . We really envy you . You two are protecting me ... Our cyberbrain is our limit anyway . We 'll shift to the Third World before we meet our deadend . We hope to become a part of the sea of information . Maybe some day we can connect with you again in a new form of life . Is it there ? Saito ! Damn it ! Don 't mess with me ! Is everyone still alive ? If you die you can 't be repaired . A good man like me doesn 't die easily . Why are you standing here like a log ? If this is your level of performance , I 'm gonna purge you out . I 'm just about to show you what I 've got , gorilla woman ! Major ! You stupid loner ! Are you alright , Major ? Normal prosthetics are the best , right ? I thought I 've told you to escape . You bunch of stupid festival lovers . I don 't think I 'll ever find ... 'parts ' like you guys - We still have some important work to finish , haven 't we ? What 's going to change after you arrest me ? The same game will just repeat after the dismissal of the cabinet . Some ministers who 'd stepped down also said the same but I disagree . We use money and technology to resist wicked systems and business . And you guys use guns . We 're just doing the same thing . No , we hate crime . But you create criminals for reaping profits . One day you will understand . She 's there ... You 're late . She 's about to leave . Kurutsu ! Kurutsu is dead . Even though the same prosthetics is used , the character won 't be the same . Even myself feels strange . When did you start doing this ? From the beginning . I 've been using micro machines to fix the incomplete growth of my body . Since I couldn 't be prosthetized , I 've started to use multiple prosthetics . But no matter what I do , I can 't seize your body and name . How about Fire Starter ? Did you develop it ? You 'll understand some day . The variety of packaged information and the birth of a new world . I 'm going to that place where everyone is . You are freer than anyone else . It 's a pity you have to stay in a world like this . Were you able to say goodbye to her ? Why did you use her ? Cyberbrains and prosthetics ... are the two possibilities in avoiding the deadend of prosthetic development . Which is you and her . It 's just that simple . Take him back . Please stop searching for the names of the dead . You won 't find anything . As someone who 's lived as a dead man for a long time , that 's my advice . What is it ? You are not taking us ? Where should we go ... What do you want ? Do you want to sell your body and Ghost to get a standardized cyborg ? Sacrificing those who don 't have the chance to get it ? All of you have your own cyberbrain . You have a Ghost which you should follow . Stop expecting to get from others , think about what you can give . Create your own future . The framework of the government does not conflict with our trade . If the slave countries are slow in serving , the rich ones will feel hungry . Shortage of labour will only encourage slavery . Are we really doing this , Major ? Head of Eastern Trade plus Secretary Ito from MOC and other officials ? You ... MFA and MOD are also watching . We 'd like to invite Secretary Ito to help with our investigation . About the murder of the Prime Minister . We 're doomed . That won 't happen . His petition for political asylum has been approved . When did that happen ? I have no obligations to answer . The document is in the Embassy . I 'll forward it to you later . There 'll still be people carrying out orders of the ex-Prime Minister . You 'll be assasinated . Isn 't this country a civilized and pacifist nation ? Is it ? Outside the window ! Help me ! Stop it ! It 's nice to view the sakura together . This is also work . Keeping the sakura under surveillance 24 hours a day . Major , I 've got work for you . In South Newport- - No way . Your budget 's approved . Start working . Logicoma ! Yes I just checked the report on the approval of our budget . Good . Stop watching the sakura . Let 's go ! You are the best ' parts ' I 've ever found . Perform to your best and get the job done !
