 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... You made some mistakes in your gameplay . You don 't even know the game I 'm playing . Remember this ? Yeah , from the castle chamber . Okay . What if the group who carved this symbol into the chamber door is the same group that sent Will through the portal ? I 've only killed those who deserve it . Who the hell made you judge , jury , and executioner ? If we put Andrew in stasis as a human , it 'll slow his transformation , giving us more time to find a cure . I wanted to apologize for missing our meeting at Norad . I will bring him to you soon enough . - Time is of the essence . - I 'll be in touch . How about some breakfast ? 3x08 - " Many Heads , One Tale " The octopus is one of the great symbols of Hydra ... supremely intelligent , highly adaptable , and they are ruthless killers . A nearly perfect predator . Same can be said of you . Well , it 's a terrifying symbol , but not my idea of dinner . Then again , I am adaptable . - I hope you can be , too . - Well , that depends on your request . You 're one of the last heads of Hydra 's old guard . Thanks in no small part to you . You should be thanking me . I trimmed the fat from your ranks . You weren 't just trimming the fat going after the Von Strucker boy . You were digging . And I know what you were hoping to find . You 're chasing rumors , ghosts . The Von Strucker family vault does not exist . Truthfully , I 'd believe you if you hadn 't sacrificed the only heir to it . And you control the vault now , right ? That vault is said to have Hydra 's greatest power . Why don 't you and I put it to good use ? Hydra is a complicated organization , and I don 't have time to give you a history lesson . I do have some long-standing plans that are finally coming together , and your simple vendetta ... doesn 't currently fit in with them . - I will find that vault . - You 're a smart predator . But you don 't live on top of the food chain . Okay . Well-fought . So , Malick wanted me slaughtered , which means I 'm on the right track . See , I know where the vault is . Just don 't know how to get in . Which creates a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for anyone who has accompanied him there . We 're not helping you . Well , then ... who 's on the bottom of the food chain now ? That 's the compound we used to tranquilize Andrew . Those tanks should be enough to keep him sedated if need be . - Tell me we 're doing the right thing . - We are . He 'll be put in stasis , held in human form , before that thing can completely take him over . And the cure you 're working on ? We 're throwing everything we can at it . He was one of the good ones ... is . I know he was a friend . You 're doing all you can . We 'll keep you up to speed on everything we do . Maybe you should come to the base in the next day or so , - talk me through it . - Anyone gonna talk to her ? She 'll talk when she 's ready . Hey , stop . Stop . Stop . Okay , just go before you drop another priceless manuscript . Why don 't you go deface a Picasso or something ? - Fitz , what are you doing ? - They 're all idiots . - Be nice . - Sorry . Well-meaning idiots . It 's been a rough day . - You brought in all these books ? - Every volume on symbolic anthropology and iconography I could find . Hopefully it matches , um this . It 's the ram 's head symbol . I think Will 's distant star Pathfinder program hid it in the logo . About 200 years after the group studying the Monolith chiseled it into the floor of the castle . Yeah . No coincidence there . If we get lucky , tracing its origin could give us some sort of insight into how to save ... Sorry . Just feel so bad for May . I don 't know how you get over that . She 's been giving me the hate stare since I got here . I had to sleep with one eye open last night . - But you slept . - Yeah , for the first time in a long time . I 've been running long enough to appreciate it , secret underground base no one knows about , even if you all live on top of each other like keebler elves . It 's one roof , but it 's big . Lots of space . Not that you need to keep your space . - I know . - Uh ... I 'm sorry I moved in . - I hope it 's not weird . - Weird ? We kissed . That happened . - Do we need to talk about it ? - Nope . We do not need to . Why don 't we just see what happens ? - Will that happen again ? - Planning takes the fun out of it . Plus , you know , you 'll have tougher decisions to face , right ? You can 't just stay here . Coulson only lets people in the base who have a role in his game plan . I feel like you 're gonna tell me - I didn 't make little league all-stars . - It 's Rosalind , sir . I know you two have grown closer , and I 'm concerned that maybe you might , uh ... - um , maybe you two ... - You can say it . - Are you sleeping together ? - That 's none of your business . I 'm sorry to press , sir , but I need to know . Do you have feelings for her , or are you playing an angle ? Again , not your business . But you really think I 'm that guy ? If not , then it is my business , because now you 're bringing her , the head of the ATCU , - into our hidden base . - Easy , Mack . I like Roz . Whether she can be trusted ... yet to be determined . - How is that not a deal breaker ? - Because the only spies without trust issues are either young or dead . I hope I can trust Roz . I want to . That 's why I 'm bringing her here face-to-face ... so I can look her in the eye and find out . Meanwhile , the rest of you will have to go behind her back . Today , we 're launching Operation Spotlight . The objective ... to peer into every shadowy corner of the ATCU . The last few days have been hard . What happened with Dr. Garner is tragic , but it has also created a rare moment of opportunity for us . The ATCU brought Dr. Garner 's containment module into their research facility . S.H.I.E.L.D. is going to use that as a way to gain access . Going in on the ground will be Bobbi and Hunter . Quarterbacking from Zephyr One will be Daisy and Mack . - Handling extraction ... May and ... - Him . Okay . I guess the new guy will gain a firsthand look of our operations with Agent May . Let me be clear . I want to know everything ... what 's inside the facility , how close they are to this cure they 've been working on , which Inhumans they 're holding and where they came from , and finally , what it is the ATCU actually wants with them . - Questions ? - Yeah . Why now ? Because I think the head of the ATCU finally trusts me . I 'd like that feeling to be mutual . Let 's get to work . That answer your concerns ? Just raises all new ones . You 've kept quiet . I admire that . These babies burn up to 2,600 degrees . I was a bit of a pyro when I was a kid . Got me into some real trouble . But damn if I don 't love the sound of that gas igniting . You have to incorporate what you love into your work . You see , the trick is , you want them to know it 's gonna hurt . Build anticipation . But you have to let them imagine a better world . You could walk into Strucker 's vault with me . You just have to show me how . We can go in there together , share what we find . You can torch us all you want ! There 's nothing to tell ! He uses different people when he travels to Zepkow . And even they don 't know where the vault 's buried . Zepkow . Germany . I lied . Strucker has many vaults . I know them all . Just didn 't know Zepkow was the one I needed . Be proud . You stayed quiet . You would 've fit in good with my men . Miss Price welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D. Not exactly running things out of your mom 's basement , are we ? Did you give it a slick code name ? - Classified . But to me , it 's home . - That 's cute . Almost as cute as flying me in circles for six hours on a plane . I don 't know if I 'm in Albuquerque or Albania . Imagine the possibilities . And be flattered . I waived our usual blindfold protocol . Oh , don 't say you 're going soft , director . Then again , completely disabled my phone for the entire flight . Couldn 't even check my fantasy-football scores . Such cruelty . I can reactivate the phone , but we 'll need to sweep for wireless sniffers first . Two words I never want to hear again . Go for it , cowboy . You left your intelligence-gathering phone at your apartment , didn 't you ? I almost didn 't , but I thought it might be rude . Please . We expect nothing less . Incoming data upload from Rosalind 's phone . Okay . Let 's wake up the ATCU I.T. asap . Oh , yeah . That 's my favorite episode . I mean , Darlene was set up perfectly ... every word she said . Whoa . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Did you see that ? What was that ? - Did you just hack the ATCU ? - No , but the containment module broadcasts some pretty intense encrypted homing signals . You put it inside a corporate office , and it 'll wig the I.T. department out real good . FBI cyber investigative task force . How may I help you , Mr. , uh , Wilson ? What exactly is going on over there ? Well , multiple agency servers have been attacked in the last few minutes , and the traffic traces back to your IPs . We 've already , uh , dispatched a rapid-response unit to your location . Please , just cooperate fully . Should be fine . I can assure you , they 're our absolute best . Listen , Agent Phillips , our systems check out perfectly , okay ? We 're showing no signs of a breach . I don 't think you 'll be necessary here . I think that it was a glitch . A glitch , yeah . Of course it looks like a glitch . That 's the point . You congratulate yourself , crisis averted , then go home , never noticing the polymorphic root kit buried deep inside your system ... until hackers activate it to ... bypass that sweet , stateless multi ... factor authentication ... code you are so bloody proud of . - Red Sox fan ? - Red coats , actually . - This guy does not look like FBI . - He wasn 't . Dane here crashed the Pentagon servers , Mossad 's , Ashley Madison . He 's the best consultant we have . Otherwise , he 'd be in jail or ... I 'd have shot him by now . If he says that you have a problem , listen . Our system 's airtight . Well , if your system 's so secure , - how 'd your staff 's credentials leak out ? - What ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no . There 's no way someone got past our software . Who said anything about software ? We think hardware was smuggled in . You called , detecting some sort of broadcast ? The ATCU security is way too strong . Was nothing brought into this facility in the last 24 hours ? No . Our employee 's keys don 't make it past security . We haven 't brought in anything , except the , uh ... Oh , no . I need to make a phone call . We 've had some major breakthroughs here ... advances in alien biology , robotics , prosthetics . Well , it cuts a hell of a silhouette . You know , they mostly got it right . So you did reactivate it . Hello , I.T. department that calls me only when there 's a problem . - What 's the problem ? - There 's an FBI task force here . An energy pulse was detected inside our facility right before , um ... an apparent security leak . - Have you found the cause ? - Well , ma 'am , I think it could be the S.H.I.E.L.D. containment module we brought in . Dearest , is it possible that your containment module tried to access the ATCU 's system ? Absolutely . It scans any local network it finds . - All our hardware does . - Well , we noticed , and we 're gonna have to go ahead and shut that down . Can 't blame a guy for trying . Hey , Steve , you 're supposed to protect the ATCU from things like this . So play nice with the FBI 's task force , and fix it . You 're lucky you 're cute . We really have to figure out other ways to flirt . Are you alphabetizing those ? Don 't be ridiculous . I 'm organizing them by subject and date . No , you 're procrastinating . Is there something so terrible about a comprehensive system ? - Why don 't you want to go look into one of ... - I 've been looking . I just don 't like what I 'm seeing . You found a lead ? Will wasn 't sent on a mission . He was sacrificed . The symbol used for his space program ? Tied to ritualistic blood sacrifice . People working with NASA . Between this and Andrew , I have that sinking feeling again , Fitz ... that we never really know who 's next to us . Thank you . These should keep me warm . This gonna get you in trouble ? - Up here , I control everything . - Always ? You ever find yourself completely out of control ? I 'll be in Moscow soon enough with a day off . Come see for yourself . I wish I could , but I 'm not going to Moscow . This was the only flight I could find passing over Zepkow . Ladies and gentlemen , please return to your seats , and keep your seatbelts fastened . You may experience some turbulence coming up . Don 't be alarmed . That 's just your pilot diving to equalize cabin pressure before you freeze to death . Oh , and , uh ... from all of us here at Hydra , thanks for flying the friendly skies . These symbols trace back thousands of years ... groups obsessed with death and ritualistic killings . It 's intertwined with the origin of pagan devil myths . And then , suddenly , there they were , secretly funding NASA missions . They knew something . These texts go back 1,000 years . Fitz , there 's nothing in here to help open the portal . - Of course there is . - No , it 's just copious examples of how this group was evil and used Will as a blood offering . But if we can find out their goal , we can find out how they tried to achieve it . Even if we have to stay up all night , we 'll find something ... - something to help us bring back Will . - You have to stop ! Excuse me ? Stop ! Just stop trying to do all the right things ! It 's too much . - Is this a silver tie-clip camera ? - Platinum . 1963 . Wow . You really are a S.H.I.E.L.D. lifer . I bet there 's a story behind each one of these that I 'd love to hear . I have a real soft spot for that golden age . - They recruit you out of college ? - Mm-hmm . - Studying ... - History . I started to inadvertently uncover how much of that history S.H.I.E.L.D. had helped to shape , so they snatched me up . So , you 've really never known anyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. ? - I find that hard to believe . - Only in passing . Come on . You can tell me if you have . I 'm the director . You 're inside our secret base . You know , I hate to disappoint you , Phil , but until recently , I was in the normal intelligence game , not paranormal . You 're my first . Hmm . You know , I got to admit . I didn 't picture you keeping things so analog . Yeah , files , book , vinyl . There 's a tactile benefit ... the way they feel in your hands , the wear and tear . - Oh , the smell . - Ah . - I love the smell of books . - Helps me think . Besides , we both know how vulnerable the digital world is to infiltration . So sorry , Steve-O . Nothing worse for an I.T. guy than someone logging into a terminal . Makes you feel violated , doesn 't it ? How do we know he 's not just looking for exploits to get into our system when it goes back to being a black hat ? Oh , there 's no going back for Dane . But I am here to find the exploits , and I 'm gonna need a log-in to determine if ... the trojan horse hardware emitted a signal pulse that allows access ... to your UDP or TCP ports , mate . Have you checked that yet ? You can use a command prompt to enter a guest username . And unwittingly give us remote access . Okay , Hunter , type this in ... " C , " colon , forward slash , " system " , Forward slash , " request user . " Hunter . Oh , god . Hunter . Please tell me you know which one is forward slash . Yes . Typing . I 'm just helping your sluggish code keep up . - Hilarious . - And the username . The username ... " God save the Queen . " Yeah , I let him pick it . Bingo . May , you 're up . Agent May said she wants you with her on this , yeah ? - Yeah . - Well , then , I suggest you move your ass . All right . There . Bobbi , enhanced specimen control ... North , stairs at the end of the hall , three floors down in the science division . Ringing your phone now . Hmm . My superiors on Pennsylvania Avenue . I need to step away for a moment to give them my full report . Okay . Check that section . See how many Inhumans they 're keeping in there . And grab any samples of the potential cure . Now all Hunter has to do is run his mouth and waste time . Oh , he excels at that . Daisy ? Thank you . Here ? So , you need me to do anything ? Why bring me if you 're not even gonna talk to me ? Where do you get off ? Are you seriously mad at me ? I 'm mad at myself for roping you into this ! It 's not fair . And I 'm mad that you 're so willing to help . As opposed to what ? What do you expect ? I don 't know ! Get angry . I cannot fathom any way out of this without hurting someone I care about . You think that I 'm not angry ? ! I 'm sick to my stomach . I 'm furious , but not at you ! 'Cause we 're cursed . The bloody cosmos wants us to be apart . - The cosmos doesn 't want anything . - Yeah , well , I beg to differ . 'Cause we had years side-by-side . Never occurred to us . And then when it does , we don 't have the courage to talk about it . Well , you only mentioned it at the bottom of the sea , - facing certain death . - You wait until I 'm bound for a war on an aircraft carrier , and then you get swept off to some far-flung planet . With him . Top-marks pilot astronaut hero man . - I would do anything ... - Do you love him ? I don 't know . I think ... Yes . Yeah . Yeah , of course you do . Of course you do . He 's strong and smart , and you gave each other hope on the edge of nowhere . - Don 't do this , Fitz . - You think I didn 't look for dirt on him ? I did . And there 's nothing . I can 't hate him . He 's great . Why else would you fall for him ? He did everything right . And you dove through a hole in the universe for me ! We 're cursed . Fitz , is that what I think it is ? Andrew was a Phd in psychology . Now he 's a specimen . Open sesame . Dr. Garner , I 'm so sorry about everything . No one warned me there 'd be a flight . Who are you ? I 'm Gideon Malick . I advise the president 's staff , And I want to assure you that we 're working with S.H.I.E.L.D. - to do everything we can to help you . - With what ? A cure ? I know how pharmaceuticals work . What are you ? A decade away from treatment ? It strikes me that no one 's asked if you even want treatment . They haven 't asked your opinion on the situation at all , have they ? No . But , then , all they see is a killer . Well , surely , you have taken a hard stance , but , then , this is an invading alien contagion which S.H.I.E.L.D. has known about for quite some time . They protected no one ... including you . There 's more nuance to S.H.I.E.L.D. than that . Why worry about them ? S.H.I.E.L.D. has good intentions but questionable methods . That much is true . They can 't help themselves from jumping into the deep end of dangerous waters . We agree on more than we don 't . I can help you , Dr. Garner . But first , I need to know what else S.H.I.E.L.D. has been hiding from us . Andrew isn 't here . Guys , are you sure this is the right area ? That 's the place . Well , there are no Inhumans being held here . Let Coulson know . And as far as a cure , it doesn 't look like they 're taking tissue samples , studying cell response . Not in here , anyway . If they 're not working on a cure in there , then what are they doing ? Wait . Daisy , anything on medications they 've compiled for study ? Because I 'm not positive , but those look an awful lot like fish-oil pills . I 'll look . There 's no better time to be a hacker , really . I mean , nowadays , every human on the planet ... kids have computers in their pockets , you know ? Instead of stealing candy from a baby , you 're stealing their parents credit-card information . - Okay , I 'm gonna grab some coffee . - Mm-hmm . I 'll have a cup of tea , please . Thanks . Oh , bollocks . Uh , people , it 's time to download everything we can and make our getaway . Our friend Mr. Banks has just showed up , and I do not have a handkerchief to cover my face ... - And that would be weird , anyhow . - Copy that . They 're not studying medication , Bobbi . They 're administering them , giving mandatory supplements to all their employees . " To prevent infection " ... uh , soldiers , office workers . And it says , " any public witnesses . " - Oh , no . - They 're playing the odds , giving Terrigen to as many people as they can . They 're not trying to cure Inhumans , they 're ... They 're turning them . Hmm . Do you expect me to stay in this room overnight , Phil ? 'Cause I might need a little persuading . - No , it 's you who needs to convince me . - Convince you ? That you 're not Hydra . CONTAINMENT ROOM LOCKDOWN Otherwise , you 're never leaving this room again . What a hell you 're doing , Phil ? Getting the truth out of you once and for all . - Is this a joke ? - I 'm not laughing . What , you think there 's some hidden secret you can just scare out of me ? I have my people infiltrating your facility . I 'm getting the truth regardless , so this is your final chance to come clean . They won 't find anything out that I wouldn 't happily tell them . What 's wrong with you ? Stop lying . Why don 't you tell me who you really are , who you work for , and what you 're hiding ? What the hell is wrong with you ? Look at you . - I 'm done playing games . - I wasn 't playing games . I thought ... I thought there was something between us ... something real that wasn 't just based in this spycraft-manipulation crap . You really think this emotional appeal 's gonna work right now ? No , because you have no emotions . This was all a plan ? To sleep with me , gain trust , and take advantage ? - Don 't try to talk your way out of this . - Or even sadder , you didn 't plan to sleep with me , but you just have such deep issues that you stopped trusting me as soon as you did . You lied to me . Andrew isn 't being kept at your ATCU facility , is he ? Of course not . Are you torturing me ? Is that the idea ? Drag me around , waiting for the other shoe to drop ? I know how dangerous you are . But if you blame me for bringing out the monster in that man , I 'm not apologizing for that . I 've been trying to figure out what to say , because I do want to apologize ... to you . For Andrew . He killed your friends in cold blood , tried to kill you . I 'm sorry . I should 've known . I should be thanking you for being willing to put those bullets in him when you did . May , Bobbi and Hunter may need extraction sooner than we thought . Can 't charm my way out of this one . Hunter , I 'm gonna need you to get down here , and bring me my briefcase . Hunter ? Almost finished ? Uh , yeah , things have got really complicated in here just now . Um , listen , Steve , you seem like a really good guy , and you were spot-on about not being able to trust me , just wrong about why . See , I 'm not very good at computers . Aah ! Now , now , now ! - Gonna need that briefcase ! - Coming as fast as I can , love . Of course we don 't keep Inhumans at that facility . We can 't risk some duplicitous nut case breaking in to look around . Looks like we made the right move . - You 're always one step ahead . - I feel like an idiot that I thought you were different . Stop with the mind games ! I 'll admit , you 're good . Pretending to fall for me ... well enough that I actually went along for the ride . But in the back of my mind , I always had one finger on the eject button . That 's because you 're incapable of anything else . No . Because you slipped up . Tahiti . The first time we met , you tried to get under my skin , talking about Tahiti . So I was hoping against all hope that today , you would confirm a high-level source from within S.H.I.E.L.D. , but you claim you have none . - That 's because I 've been honest . - The only other possible way that you could know about that is if you got your intel from Hydra . So why don 't you share your source ? I 'm not sharing anything with you anymore . I didn 't think so . Except for this . You know what ? To be honest , I did fall for you , Phil . I did . But it turns out you 're impenetrable . You like to joke about your robot hand and not being human . - I 'm not sure you 're so off the mark . - Yeah , that means a lot coming from you . You were stabbed through the heart . You must derive sadistic pleasure in doing the same to others . At least I didn 't use the story of my dead husband to sell the idea that the ATCU was working on a cure when we both know that 's a lie . - How dare you mention ... - Oh , cut the melodrama . My agent at the center of your compound confirmed that you 're not trying to cure Inhumans . You 're making as many as you can . What are you talking about ? " Enhanced specimen control . " They 're inside , Roz , so you know what they found . No . No one 's allowed on those floors for risk of infection . Intentional infection . I got to admit , handing out the contaminant as a cure ... - No , that 's not what we ... - That 's especially sinister . No , I get weekly reports fr ... from Malick . - Excuse me ? - Gideon Malick . I know the name . Industrialist . - He once served on the world council . - He 's a friend . I 've worked with him more than a decade . H-He advises the president 's staff , helped design the ATCU , oversees the science ... division . He gave me the Tahiti intel . - Connection 's down . - Look . Last file we pulled ... a catalog of all the Inhumans they turned and put into stasis . - But ... - Let me guess . They didn 't put them all in stasis . Well , once again , too little and too late . I 'll remind you that we 're basically the same height . I just don 't wear bloody heels . Aliens ! I pine for the days days where we didn 't have to fight bloody aliens . It 's just not a fair fight . Let 's see if we can level the playing field . Really ? Your batons ? That 's your game-changer ? Well , all right , then . - Let me make a call to my people . - Your people ? Yeah , I don 't see that happening . If Malick went to these lengths , your agents are in serious danger . - I can get them out . - Or sell them out . Phil , look at me . Please believe that I don 't know what 's going on . We need answers ... both of us . And if you don 't let me get on the phone right now , we lose everything . Well , that 'll buy us very little time . Come with me . I 'll get you out of here . If you 're worried you can 't trust me , worry on the move . He 'll lead them to the Northwest parking lot . You hear that ? May is en route . I don 't see them . Got them . I 'm hardly ever impressed . I 've shaken hands with presidents , held technology from other planets ... didn 't really faze me . But I got to tell ya , I 'm at a loss for words . - You left me to die . - I left those men there to kill ya , but you ... you cut through them like cake . And to locate this place , much less get here ? Phew ! I only got here a few minutes before you , and I have my own jet . - This was all just a test ? - No , I wanted you dead . You pose a legitimate threat to everything that I 've built . But now ... now I 'm beginning to think that maybe I was looking at it from the wrong angle . You just might be Hydra 's second head - that 's grown right next to me . - I should kill you . Then you 'd miss that history lesson we 've been talking about . I know you 're all about rebooting Hydra and all that . But do you know much about our history , our origin ? Yeah . World War II . Red Skull used Nazi funding to build this whole ... Oh , no , no . Red Skull was following the principal that Hydra was built upon , that the ultimate power was not of this world . But Hydra ... well , we 're much , much older than that . Hydra 's actually as ancient as this stone . This one here and other surviving stones like it have been passed down for 100 generations . Keep your eye on it , Mr. Ward . You don 't want to miss it when it does its thing . This was cut from a much larger stone , a monolith that possesses otherworldly properties . Literally . It 's a portal to another world . He recruited me in ' 01 . I met him when his company was consulting on a program at ... - At NASA . - Yes , how did you ... Thousands of years ago , an Inhuman was born on this planet that was destined to rule it , so powerful , so fearsome that others were consumed with dread , and so they banished it from the Earth , sent it through the portal to a distant planet . Hydra was founded with the sole purpose of engineering its return . Over generations , Hydra 's taken different shapes . The entity has been given different names . But every generation has sent men through the portal , hoping to save or at least serve our leader on the other side . Now we 're building an army for it to command when it returns , and you and I will rule beside it . Okay . That 's , uh ... a lot to take in . Well , it 's a tall tale . I know . And why exactly should I believe a word of it ? Because we 're closer than ever to the final chapter . We 're gonna write it ourselves . But you don 't have to believe me . I know you want revenge , to cut the head off of S.H.I.E.L.D. , to watch it writhe . - I 'll help you do that . - And in return ? You 'll help me learn how S.H.I.E.L.D. was able to achieve something with the portal that Hydra , in thousands of years , - has never been able to accomplish . - And what is that ? They brought someone back . Hey ! Hey ! Someone want to fill me in ? How long are you gonna keep me in here without any idea of what 's going on ? No , no , no , no , no , no ! I don 't need to be sedated anymore . I just ... I just ... I need to talk to someone about what 's going on . All right . Let 's talk . I could use a session with you , doc . I seem to be carrying around a lot of baggage these days . It 's nice to finally meet you . - My name is Grant ... - I know who you are . - What are you doing here ? - Learning . Spent a good few days educating myself . Now we get to learn about you . You feeling powerful behind this glass ? Well , you 're gonna die ... with a hole in your chest . You can try to sedate me , but I promise ... Oh , no , no , no , no . No , this isn 't the sedation compound from S.H.I.E.L.D. this is chloroethyl sulfide ... something . It 's , uh , basically mustard gas . You see , S.H.I.E.L.D. showed us how to turn the monster off . Now we want to know how to turn that back on . Oh , uh , I also wanted to thank you for helping me find closure . You see , I thought I knew all the best ways to bring Melinda pain . But you ... May thinks I 'm a monster , but you actually become one . Aah ! Guess we know her type .
