 Previously on " marvel 's agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... You made some mistakes in your gameplay . You don 't even know the game I 'm playing . Remember this ? Yeah , from the castle chamber . Okay . What if the group who carved this symbol into the chamber door is the same group that sent will through the portal ? Andrew : I 've only killed those who deserve it . Lincoln : Who the hell made you judge , jury , and executioner ? Rosalind : If we put Andrew in stasis as a human , it 'll slow his transformation , giving us more time to find a cure . I wanted to apologize for missing our meeting at NORAD . I will bring him to you soon enough . Time is of the essence . I 'll be in touch . [ Cellphone beeps ] How about some breakfast ? [ Chuckles ] [ Fire crackling ] The octopus is one of the great symbols of hydra - - supremely intelligent , highly adaptable , and they are ruthless killers . A nearly perfect predator . Same can be said of you . Well , it 's a terrifying symbol , but not my idea of dinner . Then again , I am adaptable . I hope you can be , too . Well , that depends on your request . You 're one of the last heads of hydra 's old guard . Thanks in no small part to you . You should be thanking me . I trimmed the fat from your ranks . You weren 't just trimming the fat going after the Von strucker boy . You were digging . And I know what you were hoping to find . You 're chasing rumors , ghosts . The Von strucker family vault does not exist . Truthfully , I 'd believe you if you hadn 't sacrificed the only heir to it . And you control the vault now , right ? That vault is said to have hydra 's greatest power . Why don 't you and I put it to good use ? [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Hydra is a complicated organization , and I don 't have time to give you a history lesson . I do have some long-standing plans that are finally coming together , and your simple vendetta ... Doesn 't currently fit in with them . I will find that vault . You 're a smart predator . But you don 't live on top of the food chain . Okay . [ Gunshots ] [ Gun clicks ] [ Flesh pierces ] [ Body thuds ] Well-fought . [ Grunts ] So , malick wanted me slaughtered , which means I 'm on the right track . See , I know where the vault is . Just don 't know how to get in . Which creates a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for anyone who has accompanied him there . We 're not helping you . Well , then ... Who 's on the bottom of the food chain now ? That 's the compound we used to tranquilize Andrew . Those tanks should be enough to keep him sedated if need be . Tell me we 're doing the right thing . We are . He 'll be put in stasis , held in human form , before that thing can completely take him over . And the cure you 're working on ? We 're throwing everything we can at it . He was one of the good ones - - is . I know he was a friend . You 're doing all you can . We 'll keep you up to speed on everything we do . Maybe you should come to the base in the next day or so , talk me through it . Anyone gonna talk to her ? [ Engine turns over ] She 'll talk when she 's ready . [ Books clattering ] Hey , stop . Stop . Stop . Okay , just go before you drop another priceless manuscript . Why don 't you go deface a Picasso or something ? Fitz , what are you doing ? They 're all idiots . Be nice . Sorry . Well-meaning idiots . It 's been a rough day . You brought in all these books ? [ Sighs ] Every volume on symbolic anthropology and iconography I could find . Hopefully it matches , um ... [ Tablet beeps ] ... this . It 's the ram 's head symbol . I think will 's distant star pathfinder program hid it in the logo . About 200 years after the group studying the monolith chiseled it into the floor of the castle . Yeah . No coincidence there . [ Door opens ] If we get lucky , tracing its origin could give us some sort of insight into how to save ... Sorry . Just feel so bad for may . I don 't know how you get over that . She 's been giving me the hate stare since I got here . I had to sleep with one eye open last night . But you slept . Yeah , for the first time in a long time . I 've been running long enough to appreciate a secret underground base no one knows about , even if you all live on top of each other like keebler elves . It 's one roof , but it 's big . Lots of space . Not that you need to keep your space . I know . Uh ... I 'm sorry I moved in . I hope it 's not weird . Weird ? We kissed . That happened . Do we need to talk about it ? Nope . We do not need to . Why don 't we just see what happens ? Will that happen again ? Planning takes the fun out of it . Plus , you know , you 'll have tougher decisions to face , right ? You can 't just stay here . Coulson only lets people in the base who have a role in his game plan . I feel like you 're gonna tell me I didn 't make little league all-stars . It 's rosalind , sir . I know you two have grown closer , and I 'm concerned that maybe you might , uh ... Um , maybe you two ... You can say it . Are you sleeping together ? That 's none of your business . I 'm sorry to press , sir , but I need to know . Do you have feelings for her , or are you playing an angle ? Again , not your business . But you really think I 'm that guy ? If not , then it is my business , because now you 're bringing her , the head of the atcu , into our hidden base . Easy , mack . I like roz . Whether she can be trusted - - yet to be determined . How is that not a deal breaker ? Because the only spies without trust issues are either young or dead . I hope I can trust roz . I want to . That 's why I 'm bringing her here face-to-face - - so I can look her in the eye and find out . Meanwhile , the rest of you will have to go behind her back . [ Indistinct conversations ] Today , we 're launching operation spotlight . The objective - - to peer into every shadowy corner of the atcu . The last few days have been hard . What happened with Dr. garner is tragic , but it has also created a rare moment of opportunity for us . The atcu brought Dr. garner 's containment module into their research facility . S.H.I.E.L.D. is going to use that as a way to gain access . Going in on the ground will be Bobbi and hunter . Quarterbacking from Zephyr one will be Daisy and mack . Handling extraction - - may and ... Him . Okay . I guess the new guy will gain a firsthand look of our operations with agent may . Let me be clear . I want to know everything - - what 's inside the facility , how close they are to this cure they 've been working on , which inhumans they 're holding and where they came from , and finally , what it is the atcu actually wants with them . Questions ? Daisy : Yeah . Why now ? Because I think the head of the atcu finally trusts me . I 'd like that feeling to be mutual . Let 's get to work . [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Tablet beeps ] That answer your concerns ? Just raises all new ones . You 've kept quiet . I admire that . [ Flame hissing ] These babies burn up to 2,600 degrees . I was a bit of a pyro when I was a kid . Got me into some real trouble . But damn if I don 't love the sound of that gas igniting . [ Breathing heavily ] You have to incorporate what you love into your work . You see , the trick is , you want them to know it 's gonna hurt . Build anticipation . But you have to let them imagine a better world . You could walk into strucker 's vault with me . You just have to show me how . We can go in there together , share what we find . You can torch us all you want . There 's nothing to tell . He uses different people when he travels to zepkow . And even they don 't know where the vault 's buried . Zepkow . Germany . [ Grunts ] I lied . Strucker has many vaults . I know them all . Just didn 't know zepkow was the one I needed . Be proud . You stayed quiet . You would 've fit in good with my men . [ Ramp clanks ] Miss price welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D. [ Exhales sharply ] Not exactly running things out of your mom 's basement , are we ? Did you give it a slick code name ? Classified . But to me , it 's home . That 's cute . Almost as cute as flying me in circles for six hours on a plane . I don 't know if I 'm in Albuquerque or Albania . Imagine the possibilities . And be flattered . I waived our usual blindfold protocol . Oh , don 't say you 're going soft , director . Then again , completely disabled my phone for the entire flight . Couldn 't even check my fantasy-football scores . Such cruelty . I can reactivate the phone , but we 'll need to sweep for wireless sniffers first . [ Tablet beeps ] Two words I never want to hear again . Go for it , cowboy . [ Device beeps ] You left your intelligence-gathering phone at your apartment , didn 't you ? I almost didn 't , but I thought it might be rude . Please . We expect nothing less . Incoming data upload from rosalind 's phone . Okay . Let 's wake up the atcu I.T. Asap . [ Display beeping ] Oh , yeah . That 's my favorite episode . I mean , Darlene was set up perfectly - - every word she said . Whoa . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Did you see that ? What was that ? Did you just hack the atcu ? No , but the containment module broadcasts some pretty intense encrypted homing signals . You put it inside a corporate office , and it 'll wig the I.T. Department out real good . [ Cellphone rings ] [ Clears throat ] FBI cyber investigative task force . How may I help you , Mr. , uh , Wilson ? What exactly is going on over there ? Well , multiple agency servers have been attacked in the last few minutes , and the traffic traces back to your ips . We 've already , uh , dispatched a rapid-response unit to your location . Please , just cooperate fully . Should be fine . [ Chuckles ] I can assure you , they 're our absolute best . Listen , agent Phillips , our systems check out perfectly , okay ? We 're showing no signs of a breach . I don 't think you 'll be necessary here . I think that it was a glitch . [ Chuckles ] A glitch , yeah . Of course it looks like a glitch . That 's the point . You congratulate yourself , crisis averted , then go home , never noticing the polymorphic root kit buried deep inside your system ... Until hackers activate it to ... Bypass that sweet , stateless multi ... Factor authentication ... Code you are so bloody proud of . Red Sox fan ? Red coats , actually . This guy does not look like FBI . He wasn 't . Dane here crashed the Pentagon servers , Mossad 's , Ashley Madison . He 's the best consultant we have . Otherwise , he 'd be in jail or I 'd have shot him by now . If he says that you have a problem , listen . Our system 's airtight . [ Scoffs ] Well , if your system 's so secure , how 'd your staff 's credentials leak out ? What ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . There 's no way someone got past our software . Who said anything about software ? We think hardware was smuggled in . You called , detecting some sort of broadcast ? The atcu security is way too strong . Was nothing brought into this facility in the last 24 hours ? No . Our employee 's keys don 't make it past security . We haven 't brought in anything , except the , uh ... [ Inhales deeply ] Oh , no . I need to make a phone call . We 've had some major breakthroughs here - - advances in alien biology , robotics , prosthetics . Well , it cuts a hell of a silhouette . You know , they mostly got it right . [ Cellphone rings ] So you did reactivate it . [ Cellphone beeps ] Hello , I.T. Department that calls me only when there 's a problem . What 's the problem ? There 's an FBI task force here . An energy pulse was detected inside our facility right before , um ... An apparent security leak . Have you found the cause ? Well , ma 'am , i think it could be the S.H.I.E.L.D. containment module we brought in . Dearest , is it possible that your containment module tried to access the atcu 's system ? Absolutely . It scans any local network it finds . All our hardware does . Well , we noticed , and we 're gonna have to go ahead and shut that down . Can 't blame a guy for trying . Hey , Steve , you 're supposed to protect the atcu from things like this . So play nice with the FBI 's task force , and fix it . [ Cellphone beeps ] You 're lucky you 're cute . We really have to figure out other ways to flirt . Are you alphabetizing those ? Don 't be ridiculous . I 'm organizing them by subject and date . No , you 're procrastinating . Is there something so terrible about a comprehensive system ? Why don 't you want to go look into one of - - I 've been looking . I just don 't like what I 'm seeing . You found a lead ? Will wasn 't sent on a mission . He was sacrificed . The symbol used for his space program ? Tied to ritualistic blood sacrifice . People working with NASA . Between this and Andrew , I have that sinking feeling again , Fitz ... That we never really know who 's next to us . [ Sighs ] Thank you . These should keep me warm . This gonna get you in trouble ? Up here , i control everything . Always ? You ever find yourself completely out of control ? I 'll be in Moscow soon enough with a day off . Come see for yourself . I wish I could , but I 'm not going to Moscow . This was the only flight i could find passing over zepkow . [ Whispers indistinctly ] [ Intercom beeps ] Ward : Ladies and gentlemen , please return to your seats , and keep your seatbelts fastened . You may experience some turbulence coming up . Don 't be alarmed . That 's just your pilot diving to equalize cabin pressure before you freeze to death . Oh , and , uh ... From all of us here at hydra , thanks for flying the friendly skies . [ Receiver clicks ] These symbols trace back thousands of years - - groups obsessed with death and ritualistic killings . It 's intertwined with the origin of pagan devil myths . And then , suddenly , there they were , secretly funding NASA missions . They knew something . These texts go back 1,000 years . Fitz , there 's nothing in here to help open the portal . Of course there is . No , it 's just copious examples of how this group was evil and used will as a blood offering . But if we can find out their goal , we can find out how they tried to achieve it . Even if we have to stay up all night , we 'll find something - - something to help us bring back will . You have to stop . Excuse me ? Stop . Just stop trying to do all the right things . It 's too much . [ Door slams ] Is this a silver tie-clip camera ? Platinum . 1963 . Wow . You really are a S.H.I.E.L.D. lifer . I bet there 's a story behind each one of these that I 'd love to hear . I have a real soft spot for that golden age . They recruit you out of college ? Mm-hmm . Studying ... History . I started to inadvertently uncover how much of that history S.H.I.E.L.D. had helped to shape , so they snatched me up . So , you 've really never known anyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. ? I find that hard to believe . Only in passing . Come on . You can tell me if you have . I 'm the director . You 're inside our secret base . You know , i hate to disappoint you , Phil , but until recently , I was in the normal intelligence game , not paranormal . You 're my first . Hmm . You know , I got to admit . I didn 't picture you keeping things so analog . Yeah , files , book , vinyl . There 's a tactile benefit - - the way they feel in your hands , the wear and tear . Oh , the smell . Ah . I love the smell of books . Helps me think . [ Watch beeps ] Besides , we both know how vulnerable the digital world is to infiltration . So sorry , Steve-O . Nothing worse for an I.T. Guy than someone logging into a terminal . Makes you feel violated , doesn 't it ? How do we know he 's not just looking for exploits to get into our system when it goes back to being a black hat ? Oh , there 's no going back for Dane . But I am here to find the exploits , and I 'm gonna need a log-in to determine if ... The trojan horse hardware emitted a signal pulse that allows access ... To your udp or tcp ports , mate . Have you checked that yet ? You can use a command prompt to enter a guest username . And unwittingly give us remote access . [ Monitor beeps ] [ Clears throat ] Okay , hunter , type this in - - " c , " colon , forward slash , " system " , forward slash , " request user . " [ Keyboard clacking slowly ] Hunter . Oh , god . Hunter . Please tell me you know which one is forward slash . Yes . Typing . I 'm just helping your sluggish code keep up . Hilarious . And the username . Username - - " god save the queen . " Yeah , I let him pick it . [ Monitor beeping ] Bingo . May , you 're up . Agent may said she wants you with her on this , yeah ? Yeah . Well , then , i suggest you move your ass . All right . There . Bobbi , enhanced specimen control - - north , stairs at the end of the hall , three floors down in the science division . Ringing your phone now . [ Cellphone rings ] Hmm . My superiors on Pennsylvania Avenue . I need to step away for a moment to give them my full report . Okay . Daisy : Check that section . See how many inhumans they 're keeping in there . And grab any samples of the potential cure . Now all hunter has to do is run his mouth and waste time . Oh , he excels at that . Daisy ? [ Door beeps , unlocks ] Thank you . Here ? So , you need me to do anything ? Why bring me if you 're not even gonna talk to me ? [ Engines whirring ] Where do you get off ? Are you seriously mad at me ? I 'm mad at myself for roping you into this . It 's not fair . And I 'm mad that you 're so willing to help . As opposed to what ? What do you expect ? I don 't know . Get angry . I cannot fathom any way out of this without hurting someone I care about . You think that I 'm not angry ? ! I 'm sick to my stomach . I 'm furious , but not at you . 'Cause we 're cursed . The bloody cosmos wants us to be apart . The cosmos doesn 't want anything . Yeah , well , i beg to differ . 'Cause we had years side-by-side . Never occurred to us . And then when it does , we don 't have the courage to talk about it . Well , you only mentioned it at the bottom of the sea , facing certain death . You wait until I 'm bound for a war on an aircraft carrier , and then you get swept off to some far-flung planet . With him . Top-marks pilot astronaut hero man . I would do anything - - do you love him ? [ Breathes heavily ] I don 't know . I think ... Yes . Yeah . Yeah , of course you do . Of course you do . He 's strong and smart , and you gave each other hope on the edge of nowhere . Don 't do this , Fitz . You think I didn 't look for dirt on him ? I did . And there 's nothing . I can 't hate him . He 's great . Why else would you fall for him ? He did everything right . [ Voice breaking ] And you dove through a hole in the universe for me ! [ Gasps ] [ Panting ] We 're cursed . Fitz , is that what i think it is ? Andrew was a phd in psychology . Now he 's a specimen . Open sesame . [ Keypad beeps , clicks ] [ Door opens ] Dr. garner , I 'm so sorry about everything . No one warned me there 'd be a flight . Who are you ? I 'm Gideon malick . I advise the president 's staff , and I want to assure you that we 're working with S.H.I.E.L.D. To do everything we can to help you . With what ? A cure ? I know how pharmaceuticals work . What are you ? A decade away from treatment ? [ Clears throat ] It strikes me that no one 's asked if you even want treatment . They haven 't asked your opinion on the situation at all , have they ? No . [ Scoffs lightly ] But , then , all they see is a killer . Well , surely , you have taken a hard stance , but , then , this is an invading alien contagion which S.H.I.E.L.D. has known about for quite some time . They protected no one - - including you . There 's more nuance to S.H.I.E.L.D. than that . Why worry about them ? S.H.I.E.L.D. has good intentions but questionable methods . That much is true . They can 't help themselves from jumping into the deep end of dangerous waters . We agree on more than we don 't . I can help you , Dr. garner . But first , i need to know what else S.H.I.E.L.D. has been hiding from us . Andrew isn 't here . Guys , are you sure this is the right area ? Daisy : That 's the place . Well , there are no inhumans being held here . Let coulson know . And as far as a cure , it doesn 't look like they 're taking tissue samples , studying cell response . Not in here , anyway . If they 're not working on a cure in there , then what are they doing ? Wait . Daisy , anything on medications they 've compiled for study ? Because I 'm not positive , but those look an awful lot like fish-oil pills . I 'll look . Hunter : There 's no better time to be a hacker , really . I mean , nowadays , every human on the planet - - kids have computers in their pockets , you know ? Instead of stealing candy from a baby , you 're stealing their parents credit-card information . Okay , I 'm gonna grab some coffee . Mm-hmm . I 'll have a cup of tea , please . Thanks . Oh , bollocks . Uh , people , it 's time to download everything we can and make our getaway . Our friend Mr. banks has just showed up , and I do not have a handkerchief to cover my face ... And that would be weird , anyhow . Copy that . They 're not studying medication , Bobbi . They 're administering them , giving mandatory supplements to all their employees . " To prevent infection " - - uh , soldiers , office workers . And it says , " any public witnesses . " Oh , no . They 're playing the odds , giving terrigen to as many people as they can . They 're not trying to cure inhumans , they 're - - they 're turning them . Hmm . [ Tablet beeps ] Do you expect me to stay in this room overnight , Phil ? 'Cause I might need a little persuading . No , it 's you who needs to convince me . Convince you ? That you 're not hydra . [ Tablet beeps ] Otherwise , you 're never leaving this room again . What the hell are you doing , Phil ? Getting the truth out of you once and for all . Is this a joke ? I 'm not laughing . What , you think there 's some hidden secret you can just scare out of me ? I have my people infiltrating your facility . I 'm getting the truth regardless , so this is your final chance to come clean . They won 't find anything out that I wouldn 't happily tell them . What 's wrong with you ? Stop lying . Why don 't you tell me who you really are , who you work for , and what you 're hiding ? What the hell is wrong with you ? Look at you . I 'm done playing games . I wasn 't playing games . I thought ... I thought there was something between us - - something real that wasn 't just based in this spycraft-manipulation crap . You really think this emotional appeal 's gonna work right now ? No , because you have no emotions . [ Scoffs ] This was all a plan ? To sleep with me , gain trust , and take advantage ? Don 't try to talk your way out of this . Or even sadder , you didn 't plan to sleep with me , but you just have such deep issues that you stopped trusting me as soon as you did . You lied to me . Andrew isn 't being kept at your atcu facility , is he ? [ Scoffs ] Of course not . Are you torturing me ? Is that the idea ? Drag me around , waiting for the other shoe to drop ? I know how dangerous you are . But if you blame me for bringing out the monster in that man , I 'm not apologizing for that . I 've been trying to figure out what to say , because I do want to apologize ... To you . For Andrew . He killed your friends in cold blood , tried to kill you . I 'm sorry . I should 've known . [ Scoffs lightly ] I should be thanking you for being willing to put those bullets in him when you did . Daisy : May , Bobbi and hunter may need extraction sooner than we thought . [ Engines rev ] Can 't charm my way out of this one . Hunter , I 'm gonna need you to get down here , and bring me my briefcase . Hunter ? Almost finished ? Uh , yeah , things have got really complicated in here just now . Um , listen , Steve , you seem like a really good guy , and you were spot-on about not being able to trust me , just wrong about why . See , I 'm not very good at computers . Aah ! Now , now , now ! [ Keypad beeps , clicks ] [ Keypad buzzes ] [ Alarm blaring ] Gonna need that briefcase ! Coming as fast as I can , love . Of course we don 't keep inhumans at that facility . We can 't risk some duplicitous nut case breaking in to look around . Looks like we made the right move . You 're always one step ahead . I feel like an idiot that I thought you were different . Stop with the mind games . I 'll admit , you 're good . Pretending to fall for me - - well enough that I actually went along for the ride . But in the back of my mind , I always had one finger on the eject button . That 's because you 're incapable of anything else . No . Because you slipped up . Tahiti . The first time we met , you tried to get under my skin , talking about Tahiti . So I was hoping against all hope that today , you would confirm a high-level source from within S.H.I.E.L.D. , but you claim you have none . That 's because I 've been honest . The only other possible way that you could know about that is if you got your intel from hydra . So why don 't you share your source ? I 'm not sharing anything with you anymore . I didn 't think so . Except for this . You know what ? To be honest , i did fall for you , Phil . I did . But it turns out you 're impenetrable . You like to joke about your robot hand and not being human . I 'm not sure you 're so off the mark . Yeah , that means a lot coming from you . You were stabbed through the heart . You must derive sadistic pleasure in doing the same to others . At least I didn 't use the story of my dead husband to sell the idea that the atcu was working on a cure when we both know that 's a lie . How dare you mention - - oh , cut the melodrama . My agent at the center of your compound confirmed that you 're not trying to cure inhumans . You 're making as many as you can . What are you talking about ? " Enhanced specimen control . " They 're inside , roz , so you know what they found . No . No one 's allowed on those floors for risk of infection . Intentional infection . I got to admit , handing out the contaminant as a cure - - no , that 's not what we - - that 's especially sinister . No , I get weekly reports fr- - from malick . Excuse me ? Gideon malick . I know the name . Industrialist . He once served on the world council . He 's a friend . I 've worked with him more than a decade . He advises the president 's staff , helped design the atcu , oversees the science ... Division . [ Exhales sharply ] He gave me the Tahiti intel . Connection 's down . Look . Last file we pulled - - a catalog of all the inhumans they turned and put into stasis . But - - let me guess . They didn 't put them all in stasis . [ Sighs ] Well , once again , too little and too late . I 'll remind you that we 're basically the same height . I just don 't wear bloody heels . [ Door opens ] [ Gunshots ] Aliens . I pine for the days where we didn 't fight bloody aliens . It 's just not a fair fight . [ Batons beep ] Let 's see if we can level the playing field . Really ? Your batons ? That 's your game-changer ? [ Batons beep ] [ Gunfire ] Well , all right , then . Let me make a call to my people . Your people ? Yeah , I don 't see that happening . If malick went to these lengths , your agents are in serious danger . I can get them out . Or sell them out . Phil , look at me . Please believe that I don 't know what 's going on . We need answers - - both of us . And if you don 't let me get on the phone right now , we lose everything . Well , that 'll buy us very little time . [ Door opens ] Come with me . I 'll get you out of here . If you 're worried you can 't trust me , worry on the move . He 'll lead them to the northwest parking lot . You hear that ? May is en route . I don 't see them . Got them . [ Drill whirs ] Malick : I 'm hardly ever impressed . I 've shaken hands with presidents , held technology from other planets - - didn 't really faze me . But I got to tell ya , I 'm at a loss for words . [ Chuckles ] You left me to die . I left those men there to kill ya , but you - - you cut through them like cake . And to locate this place , much less get here ? Phew ! [ Chuckles ] I only got here a few minutes before you , and I have my own jet . [ Blows ] This was all just a test ? No , I wanted you dead . You pose a legitimate threat to everything that I 've built . But now ... Now I 'm beginning to think that maybe I was looking at it from the wrong angle . You just might be hydra 's second head that 's grown right next to me . I should kill you . [ Exhales sharply ] Then you 'd miss that history lesson we 've been talking about . [ Chuckles ] I know you 're all about rebooting hydra and all that . But do you know much about our history , our origin ? Yeah . World war ii . Red skull used Nazi funding to build this whole - - [ chuckling ] Oh , no , no . Red skull was following the principal that hydra was built upon , that the ultimate power was not of this world . But hydra ... Well , we 're much , much older than that . Hydra 's actually as ancient as this stone . This one here and other surviving stones like it have been passed down for 100 generations . Keep your eye on it , Mr. ward . You don 't want to miss it when it does its thing . This was cut from a much larger stone , a monolith that possesses otherworldly properties . Literally . It 's a portal to another world . He recruited me in ' 01 . I met him when his company was consulting on a program at - - at NASA . Yes , how did you ... Thousands of years ago , an inhuman was born on this planet that was destined to rule it , so powerful , so fearsome that others were consumed with dread , and so they banished it from the earth , sent it through the portal to a distant planet . Hydra was founded with the sole purpose of engineering its return . Over generations , hydra 's taken different shapes . The entity has been given different names . ¶ ¶ but every generation has sent men through the portal , hoping to save or at least serve our leader on the other side . Now we 're building an army for it to command when it returns , and you and i will rule beside it . Okay . That 's , uh ... A lot to take in . [ Laughs ] Well , it 's a tall tale . [ Chuckles ] I know . And why exactly should I believe a word of it ? Because we 're closer than ever to the final chapter . We 're gonna write it ourselves . But you don 't have to believe me . I know you want revenge , to cut the head off of S.H.I.E.L.D. , to watch it writhe . I 'll help you do that . And in return ? You 'll help me learn how S.H.I.E.L.D. was able to achieve something with the portal that hydra , in thousands of years , has never been able to accomplish . And what is that ? They brought someone back . Hey ! [ Door opens ] Hey . Someone want to fill me in ? How long are you gonna keep me in here without any idea of what 's going on ? No , no , no , no , no , no ! I don 't need to be sedated anymore . I just - - I just - - i need to talk to someone about what 's going on . Ward : All right . Let 's talk . I could use a session with you , doc . I seem to be carrying around a lot of baggage these days . It 's nice to finally meet you . My name is Grant - - i know who you are . What are you doing here ? Learning . Spent a good few days educating myself . Now we get to learn about you . You feeling powerful behind this glass ? Well , you 're gonna die - - with a hole in your chest . You can try to sedate me , but I promise - - oh , no , no , no , no . No , this isn 't the sedation compound from S.H.I.E.L.D. This is chloroethyl sulfide ... Something . It 's , uh , basically mustard gas . You see , S.H.I.E.L.D. showed us how to turn the monster off . Now we want to know how to turn that back on . [ Display beeps ] Oh , uh , i also wanted to thank you for helping me find closure . You see , i thought I knew all the best ways to bring Melinda pain . [ Display beeps ] But you ... May thinks I 'm a monster , but you actually become one . Aah ! Guess we know her type . [ Screaming ] [ Pounding on wall ]
