 ( LOW RUMBLING ) ( FRED IMITATING AN OWL HOOTING ) That never sounded like an owl , Fred . Kelly . We 've got two hours to get back to base before ONI starts spilling over time . Where 's the Chief ? Where 's Linda ? LINDA : Quick shore leave , Chief . We 're lucky Command let us come at all . This is it ? LINDA : Most of it 's gone , but yeah , it 's the place . Then let 's do this . ( ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ) ( WHOOSHING ) CATHERINE : Private journal entry . Encrypt Halsey 424-3 . Delete if tampered . A long time ago , I committed myself to a path , a direction . There were many branches in that path , but ultimately they all flowered , I think . John was the first seed . ( BEEPING ) I couldn 't personally screen every candidate . The outer colonies were simply too scattered , too distant . But I had to set an example for the other extraction teams . So the first candidate ... The first candidate , I dealt with personally But the outer colonies were still very dangerous places in those days , albeit for radically different reasons . ( BEEPING ) And so the Office of Naval Intelligence assigned me a chaperone , perhaps for my safety , perhaps for theirs . ( HEAVY BREATHING ) TORAN : ( ON SPEAKERS ) Time to wake up , Lieutenant Keyes . ( AIR WHOOSHING ) We are preparing to exit slipspace near the Eridanus System . Dr. Halsey ? TORAN : Already awake and on the bridge , sir . Eh , of course she is . ( BEEPING ) Dr. Halsey . Are these shuttles all so damned claustrophobic ? There is barely room for one person in here , let alone two . - Doctor ... - Toran ... TORAN : Awaiting your orders , Dr. Halsey . Start a pre-burn warm-up cycle for the fusion engines . TORAN : Understood , Doctor . Exiting slipspace in six seconds . Good . And some music . Rachmaninoff 's Concerto No. 3 , I think . ( WHOOSHING ) ( RACHMANINOFF 'S CONCERTO NO . 3 PLAYING ) Now , Lieutenant , you needed my attention ? I was going to say I should act as pilot . If I wished to be chauffeured , you would already be in this chair , Lieutenant . If you wish to make yourself useful , take the comms and make sure our arrival is discreet . What are we doing here ? This area is dangerous . It 's been an Insurrectionist stronghold for years . Meaning ? Meaning the Insurrection isn 't some ragtag group of colonial rowdies . Toran , list rebel acts of violence in this sector in last five days . TORAN : Seventy-two hours ago , Insurrectionists destroy emergency food caravan . Eighteen hours ago , rebellion raids merchant vessel , murders entire ... I am painfully aware of the rebellion , Lieutenant . Something needs to be done . ONI agrees with me . That is why we are here . JACOB : ONI ? But if the Office of Naval Intelligence ... This is a recon mission ? How terribly perceptive of you . But what could you possibly need to recon out here ? ( WHOOSHING ) JACOB : I 'm dressed like a fool . CATHERINE : You 're dressed like a father trying to get his daughter into a decent school . JACOB : I don 't have a daughter . And I don 't have a pony . Pay attention . We are here to observe a boy , the first of many evaluations in the weeks to come . I 'm supposed to be protecting shipping lanes , not babysitting . This child could be more useful to the UNSC than a fleet of destroyers , a thousand lieutenants or even me . In the end , one child could be the difference between peace and an unwinnable war . Ah . There 's our young man . CATHERINE : Journal entry . Same encryption scheme . Who 's next ? CATHERINE : John was the first , and he was the best . Come on , he can 't stop us all ! CATHERINE : Even as a child , I could see how special he was . - Sense his unformed potential . - ( BOY GROANING ) I simply needed to carve away everything else to get to it . To shape it . Form him into everything I knew he would eventually become . JACOB : Him ? - He can 't be more than ... - CATHERINE : Six . John , like all of our candidates , is six years old . And like the others , he has all the genetic markers . There 's something else that makes him of interest . Of interest to whom , precisely ? Here , record our interaction . I 'll talk to him , find out if his character is as exceptional as his DNA . ( GROANS ) Hello , what 's your name ? It 's John . And what game were you playing , John ? - War ? - King of the hill . Mom says I 'm too rough with the other kids . You like games ? So do I. I have another game if you 're interested . This is a coin . Win the game and you keep the coin . You see the two sides ? JOHN : Yes . A man and a bird . Which side will land up ? JOHN : Bird . Very good . Again . JOHN : Man . - CATHERINE : Again . - JOHN : Man . Bird . Bird . Five out of five , John . That 's unusual . You said I could keep it if I won . CATHERINE : Yes . You can keep it , John . Yes ! CATHERINE : I cursed myself for using his name . I couldn 't afford the luxury of fondness . No telling if subject 117 would even survive what lay ahead . Tell me you recorded that . It all fell into place so quickly after John . It wasn 't long before I had my final candidates . ( BEEPS ) These are the 75 , Déjà . CATHERINE : Confidential journal entry . Red encryption using my private key . As I said before , I don 't regret any of this . - I 've thought it all the way through . - ( GIRL GRUNTS ) I am certain it will be worthwhile . Right at that moment , across several star systems , children were being acquired and shipped , like freight to the planet Reach . We were replacing the children with flash clones . Imperfect simulacra but nigh impossible to detect . If I could have used the clones , of course I would have , but the damn things broke down faster than we could grow them . We needed real children . Whole children . It was a regrettable but necessary deception . ( WOMAN WEEPING ) I needed those subjects . ORION-II would not have succeeded built on a foundation of compromise . ONI would have its soldiers , and I would have my solution . May God have mercy on us all . Doctor , they are here . They are ready . Send them in . And , Déjà , on second thought , don 't save this file . YOUNG GIRL : What happened ? How did I get here ? YOUNG BOY : I don 't know . CATHERINE : Take a seat . All of you . Per naval code 45812 , you are hereby conscripted into UNSC 's special project code-named ORION-II , also known as SPARTAN II . Your parents are gone . The planet Reach is your new home . Your fellow trainees are your new family . Each of you has been hand-selected and called to serve . Your bodies are already faster and stronger than other children , and we are going to make them even better . Chief Petty Officer Mendez , escort the children to the mess hall , feed them , get them to bed . Trainees , fall out ! JOHN 'S MOTHER : ( ECHOING ) John . Johnny , you need to wake up . JOHN : Mom ? Wake up ! - Wake up , trainee ! - ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) I said up ! Do you know which way up is ? Last one up gets it , Jorge ! GEORGE : My name 's pronounced " George . " - ( GRUNTING IN PAIN ) - Don 't you back talk me , Jorge ! - What 's happening ? - I don 't know . Just go , go ! Come on . Everyone 's headed this way . - I 'm Sam , by the way . - I 'm Kelly . It 'll be okay , Kelly . MENDEZ : Trainees , I am Chief Mendez . I am your commanding officer . Every day , dawn till dusk , you will do exactly what I say , when I say , how I say . - Am I clear , trainees ? - YOUNG SPARTANS : Sir , yes , sir . CATHERINE : Naturally , they didn 't all make it . We expected drop-outs . There were accidents , incidents , bad luck . Better that we separated the chaff from the wheat immediately . Come in . Class is about to begin . CATHERINE : We trained their minds as well as their bodies . War strategy , theoretical tactics , Sun Tzu , nothing in the sprawling history of conflict was overlooked . We taught them about Thermopylae , about the unbeatable Spartans . DÉJÀ : Xerxes wanted to steal Greece from the Spartans . His forces numbered in the thousands . Why didn 't Xerxes just sail around them ? DÉJÀ : Xerxes wanted to send a message , John . He failed and just 300 Spartans saved Greece . YOUNG SPARTANS : Yes ! DÉJÀ : That is all for today . But tomorrow I will tell you about wolves . Today 's mission is ring the bell . When every member of your team has rung the bell , cross this line . Question , trainee ? - What do we win , sir ? - You win dinner , 117 . - Last team to finish goes without dinner . - YOUNG SPARTANS : Oh , no ! Make ready . Go ! CATHERINE : I knew John was a natural leader , even if he didn 't . John , a little help ? - ( BELL DINGS ) - First . CATHERINE : A leader must inspire passion , and 117 certainly did that . Hey , thanks for nothing . ( GRUNTS ) ( GRUNTING IN FRUSTRATION ) Good work , trainees . Everybody eats , except 117 and his team . But I was first . You were first , but your team came in last . And you don 't win unless your team wins . ( SPITS ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) Get out of here . - Kelly ! - No . Kelly 's right , Sam . He could 've helped us today , instead he left us in the dirt . I 'm sorry , guys . I stole them a few nights ago . They 're stale but better than nothing . - LINDA : It 's not turkey . - I know . It won 't happen again . Promise . CATHERINE : And that was it . Logic , consequences , spark of leadership . All things I saw in him from the start . ( WHOOSHING ) You are each being handed a portion of a map of the area below . The mission is simple . You will be individually deployed and use your piece of the puzzle to navigate to the extraction point . Last trainee to make it to extraction will be left behind . And it is a very long walk back . - 117 , you 're first . - Yes , sir . - Sam , the river . - SAM : I got it . JOHN : Pass the word , quietly . 117 , front and center . Good luck , 117 . ( HEART BEATING ) ( SAM IMITATING OWL HOOTING ) You sound nothing like an owl , Sam . - Ah , I 've been practicing . - It sounded exactly like an owl . I was just drawing you out of cover . Look what I found . Blueberries ? Nice ! I hope these are blueberries . Better than the food in the mess . ( CHUCKLES ) Your lips are blue . So are yours . ( CHUCKLES ) CATHERINE : In the end , the wilderness mission wasn 't a test of strength or survival but of friendship , camaraderie , loyalty . What are you doing ? I 'm putting our mark on this place , so we can remember it . Now and forever . - LINDA : We should meet up with the others . - FRED : Then what ? Someone is still gonna get left behind . Then I find a way to get everyone home . One of those map fragments was bogus . But I 'm sure this is the extraction point . Almost a day 's hike from here . Then we better get moving . ( SOFT HOOTING ) Hold . You guys with me . Fall out . And keep quiet . I heard something . CATHERINE : And what I find fascinating is that even though you think you 've prepared for every eventuality ... They 're armed but they aren 't in uniform . And they don 't look like soldiers . Insurrectionists , maybe ? CATHERINE : ... every contingency ... FRED : So what now ? CATHERINE : ... every permutation ... KELLY : Wolves . When Déjà taught us about the wolves , how they hunt ... What does that ... The wolves . CATHERINE : ... children still manage to surprise you . ( GROWLING ) DÉJÀ : Wolves , children , are fierce hunters . But while any wolf can hunt and kill a rabbit , ( BARKING AND GROWLING ) one wolf against larger prey ( GROWLING ) - can face a grisly end . - ( WOLF WHIMPERING ) - What the ... - I need help ! My friend is hurt ! - Go bring that girl back . - Yes , sir . DÉJÀ : But when wolves hunt in a pack ... ( GROANS ) - Where 's the girl ? - I think I broke my leg . Oh , I got your broken leg right here , kid . DÉJÀ : ... they take down larger prey with ease . ( IMITATING OWL HOOTING ) ( GRUNTS ) SOLDIER : What the hell , Vince ? One little girl too much for you to handle ? ( GROANING ) ( IMITATING OWL HOOTING ) ( GROANING ) MENDEZ : Ah , Doctor . Trainee 117 was just explaining why he attacked and injured UNSC soldiers . And why he stole the property they were left to guard . Ma 'am , the craft was UNSC , but the men in the force were hostile and were not in regulation uniform . - CATHERINE : You flew home ? - Not exactly . I rigged the autopilot to return to base , ma 'am . And you brought them all home ? According to orders , last trainee to the ship was supposed to walk . Instead , we stuck together , like the Spartans at Thermopylae . In the real ending of the story , 117 , the Spartans are betrayed and slaughtered . It is their sacrifice that actually saves and unites Greece . But we had more choices . The men you hit with rocks didn 't . No , sir , they did not . So , Doctor , what do we do with this one ? Well , Mendez , I suggest a promotion to Squad Leader . Thank you , sir . What is the highest rank I can attain ? As a non-commissioned officer , 117 , the highest rank you can attain is Master Chief Petty Officer . Then I will . Perhaps you will at that , but your next mission won 't be so easy . And there will be casualties . What is that mission , sir ? CATHERINE : Your mission , John , is to survive . ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) SAM : Samuel-034 , Blue Team mission report . I don 't remember the operation , but when we awoke , we were something new . Unbreakable materials grafted to our bones , gene therapy . Muscle density increased , enhanced skeletal and muscular growth . Of course , we had no clue what we had to live through first . Replay the message , Déjà . Message from Admiral Ysionris Jeromi . Chief Medical Officer , research station Hopeful . JEROMI : Catherine , I wish I had better news . Further analysis has yielded zero alternatives to mitigate the risks in your proposed hypothetical experimentation . But I understand the theoretical framework , Catherine , and admire the imagination . But I hope it is in fact a hypothetical study Details are in the attached files . But your proposed treatments could result in any of the following , cell necrosis , stroke , cardiovascular failure and even Fletcher syndrome . ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) You proposed the use of lab animals , simian proxies , in your tests . - I must be blunt . - ( GASPS ) I cannot imagine any more than half of the subjects surviving this process . ( HEART BEATING RAPIDLY ) ( GROANING ) ( BEEPING ) I would hate to see the poor creatures destroyed in some Section III project , Dr. Halsey . Well , I 've said my piece . Best of luck to you , Catherine . Doctor , augmentation was always a vital but statistically dangerous stage . How many ? ONI was promised soldiers , and you were the only mind that could accomplish it . How many dead , Déjà ? Twenty-seven deceased . 36 % of the candidates . Children . 36 % of the children . DÉJÀ : The subjects are just one-half of the equation , Doctor . Both MJOLNIR and the cognitive impression modeling are critical . ( CATHERINE SIGHS ) CATHERINE : You 're correct . - DÉJÀ : Doctor ? - This is our only option . Every day the Insurrection invents new acts of terror to pull humanity farther into the muck . Our civilization is balanced on a razor 's edge , and the insurgents threaten to bring it down around our ears . If even one candidate survives and balance is restored , history will absolve me for the greater good . MENDEZ : Duty . Honor . Self-sacrifice . SAM : We were 14 when we lost almost half of our comrades to augmentation failures . Death does not diminish these qualities in a soldier . We shall remember our dead . Honors , attention ! ( FEET STOMPING TO ATTENTION ) SAM : Kids I grew up with , never said goodbye to . We commit the bodies of our fallen to space . ( MUFFLED EXPLOSION ) SAM : I still remember their names . The deaths affected each of us differently Fire teams came and went , but core loyalties and friendships endure . Even beyond death . Of course , it didn 't sit well with John . Where are you taking my men ? Let ' em go , Squad Leader . They can 't fight anymore . They don 't belong here . What happens to them ? MENDEZ : The Navy takes care of its own . Their minds are still sharp . And our war effort can always use soldiers for less physical duties . SAM : John never left anyone behind . Not if he could help it . Was there something else , son ? Sir , I 'm Squad Leader . Members of my unit died . What should I have done to keep that from happening ? 117 . John . What your class went through , that any of you survived at all is a testament to your strength . Walk with me . A leader must be ready to send the men under his command to their deaths . Your duty is to the mission . I 'm sorry , sir , but I fail to see how that applies to this situation . The lesson is sacrifice . It is acceptable to spend lives when necessary , Squad Leader . What is not acceptable is to waste said lives . Which was this , sir ? Spent or wasted ? Get some rest , Squad Leader . - SAM : What did Mendez say ? - Not much . Let me guess . Something about duty and sucking it up . That sounds nothing like him . Like your owl . ( CHUCKLES ) It sounds exactly like him . Me and Kels are going to the shooting range later . You in ? No . I 'm going to hit the gym . SAM : John was still processing our losses . Emotionally and physically For weeks after augmentation , every bone in our bodies ached . Our eyes throbbed and bled . We got headaches . Fell down . ( GRUNTING ) Clumsy in our new skins . Dr. Halsey told us our brains would have to relearn how to work with our new bodies . Learn how to use new strength and speed . ( DOOR OPENING ) But it wasn 't easy . And it was frustrating . ( SCOFFS ) The thing about John is that he really only knew three ways to react to people . ( GRUNTING ) If you were his superior officer , he obeyed you . If you were in his squad , he would die for you . But if you were a threat ? Then God help you . ( GRUNTING ) ( GRUNTS ) - ( BONE SNAPPING ) - ( SCREAMS ) ( FIST THUMPING ) ( GRUNTING ) CATHERINE : Heart rate steady . Pulse level . He 's barely breaking a sweat . What is he doing ? What we built him to do . He 's winning . I 'm gonna stop this now . How is his adrenaline level , I wonder . ( GRUNTS ) MENDEZ : Attention ! - ( METAL CLANKING ) - At ease . Your workout is over for today . ( JOHN , GASPING ) Sir , those men . Was this a test ? You engaged and neutralized a threat , Squad Leader . They started it . I was defending myself . But still they were fellow soldiers . MENDEZ : People die . Sacrifice is a necessary consequence of war . But , sir , they were wasted , not spent . Because of me . Your priorities are to follow orders , and to preserve your life and the lives of your team . Is that clear , Squad Leader ? Yes , sir . SAM : We heard what happened . Everyone on the ship did . It was an accident . That didn 't make it any easier for John . Apologies , Doctor , but I have been attempting to decode a transmission from the Planet Harvest . - And ? - It 's fragmented and incomplete . And it stopped repeating . Show me what you have . Gods . Déjà , give me a feed from Harvest . - Scanning spectrum . - Anything . A comm station , a news feed , a grain elevator , damn it . Not found . It may be interference or a problem with the slipspace beacon relays . Harvest is on a 12-hour signal delay . CATHERINE : Get Mendez , but keep scanning Harvest . I 'm accelerating the schedule . I want a test in a combat mission . MENDEZ : Ma 'am , that 's needlessly aggressive . I disagree . Brass wants Spartans deployed , and so do I. There 's a mission ONI has been saving for the right team . Colonel Robert Watts earned his rank in the UNSC , but in 2512 he went turncoat . And now leads the Insurrectionist forces in the Eridanus system . Watts has spent 12 years leading raids against UNSC targets , killing civilians and military alike . We have Intel that Watts is planning to attack medical satellites in the outer colonies . MENDEZ : Recently , one of Watts ' men cut a deal with ONI . We have known for some time that Watts ' forces were launching from the Eridanus asteroid belt . But there are millions of rocks scattered over billions of kilometers . CATHERINE : Our informant did not know the exact location . However , he did know that the freighter Laden is a supply vessel . Mendez . MENDEZ : Laden is set to leave dock in six hours for routine engine recertification . And yet , she 's been loaded with enough food and water to supply a small city . Spartans , you will be dropped at the Eridanus II space docks . You 'll be dressed the same as members of the Laden crew . Once in the base , you will infiltrate the installation and take Watts alive . If you can . SAM : They would 've detected a UNSC ship . They wouldn 't detect us . Be prepared for anything . Finally , Squad Leader , you are hereby promoted to Petty Officer third class . SAM : Everything went off without a hitch . Before long , we were safe in the micro gravity well . ( GRUNTS ) I can never get shut-eye before a mission . What are you doing ? Scanning freight and shipping documents . Read it to me . That 'll put me to sleep . Ten hours out , Blue Team . We 'll rotate sleep cycles . - Find anything , Kelly ? - KELLY : Everything . Laden doesn 't have a ship board AI and their security is a joke . Course setting . We 've got a loose trajectory into the belt , but no final destination . Meaning insurgents don 't even trust their own people . Keep digging , and wake me in four . I 'll take over watch . Where did everyone go ? KELLY : John ? Where were you when we needed you ? ( GASPING ) I 'm up . What 've you got ? I picked up where Kelly left off and I found something odd in the ship 's manifest . Hidden in the standard rations , there 's a single crate of cigars , steaks and chocolates . Luxury items . That crate is going to Watts . Precisely what I was thinking . JOHN : Follow me . Stay quiet . Blend in . Kelly , get a bearing on that crate . KELLY : On the monorail , headed towards the tallest building in town . SAM : Only the best for Colonel Watts . NAV marker at 443 meters and holding . Top floor , helmets on . Move out . MAN : Fresh batch , Colonel . ( FIRE SIZZLING ) ( EXPLOSION ) ( GUNFIRE ) ( GROANING ) SAM : It was going well . We felt good . We got cocky . Well , I did . JOHN : Sam , look out ! KELLY : ( ECHOING ) John ! John , can you hear me ? SAM : It should 've been me . ( JOHN , GRUNTING ) Secure the area . KELLY : The biofoam will keep your guts where they belong till we get home . It 's going to hurt . SAM : That was stupid , John . Queen doesn 't sacrifice everything to collect a pawn . JOHN : All the pieces go back in the same box when the game is done . - You hit ? - SAM : Nope . I 'm lucky . Some idiot caught my bullet for me . ( JOHN , GRUNTING ) Do not make me laugh right now . ( CLATTERING ) ( EXPLOSION ) ( GUNFIRE ) You won 't take me alive . ( GRUNTS ) My men will come for you . JOHN : Empty the crate . Sam , load the cargo . Cargo ? Unhand me , boy . I don 't know who or what you are , but I know two things , son . One , none of you are gettin ' out alive . And two , I am absolutely not getting in that damned box . ( GRUNTS ) SAM : We believed we had dealt the Insurrection a mortal blow . Maybe we did . But everything was about to change . Who 's that ? Uniform says Keyes . Maybe he 's here to interrogate Watts ? Nice work , 117 . - John , isn 't it ? - Yes , sir . Have we met ? A long time ago . You wouldn 't remember . You were just a kid fighting in the dust . Now you 're a warrior . And just in the nick of time . - Sir ? - You 'll know soon enough . Dismissed . Amphitheater , Spartans . On the double . ( INDISTINCT WHISPERING ) What do you think it is ? Insurrection revenge strike ? It 's something else . Something big . At ease , Spartans . I am Vice Admiral Stanforth . This is Harvest . Population of three million . A peaceful and productive farming world . On February 3rd , at 1423 hours , the Harvest orbital platform made long range radar contact with this object . After that , all contact with Harvest was lost . Command assembled a battle group . What they found was all that was left of Harvest . Three million lives lost . The colony burnt to ash . Power like humanity has never seen . Then they encountered this . A starship of unknown design . It destroyed the Vostok and the Arabia in under a minute , using highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shielding . The Heracles escaped into slipspace with substantial damage and brought this Intel back . They will not negotiate , they will not communicate . They cannot be reasoned or bartered with . SAM : We had just fought the Insurrectionists , stopped a plot to murder millions . Only to realize that this could be the very end of humankind . Period . Humanity will fight back . We 've already seen that we cannot do it with the blunt instrument of a fleet . We need the surgical precision of a scalpel . The SPARTAN program is that scalpel . We received a message before the attack in UEG base English . Play the message , Beowulf . Humans , your destruction is the will of the gods . And we are their instrument . KELLY : Kelly-087 of Blue Team . Mission debrief . We were on the Commonwealth , en route to Chi Ceti IV . When we weren 't in cryo , we were all crammed into the bunk room , there was always more prep , more planning . ( GRUNTS ) Damn it ! - You 're still dropping your shoulder . - I know . Let 's go again . Does Project MJOLNIR mean anything to anyone ? Gotta be some kind of weapon . Brass isn 't very imaginative with codenames . CATHERINE : ( ON SPEAKER ) Spartan 117 , report to the bridge . Yes , ma 'am . Sam , get everyone ready . On the double . You heard the Petty Officer . Dog the distractions and into uniforms , Spartans . KELLY : As we scrambled to get ready , John was dragged into a pissing contest between Dr. Halsey and the captain . Ma 'am . Captain Wallace . There it is again . WALLACE : Doctor , that puts our ghost at 80 million clicks . Even if it were a ship , and I don 't concur that it is , it would take an hour to get within weapons range . Besides , it 's disappeared again . Captain , it is my recommendation that we go to battle stations . We have plenty of time . Unless there 's something you 're not telling us . This is not widely known , Captain , but the alien ships at Harvest disappeared , then reappeared , much closer . - An intrasystem jump ? - We believe so , Spartan . WALLACE : Not possible . I can tell you that slipstream space simply cannot be navigated that accurately . You mean we cannot navigate it with that kind of accuracy . We 'll take the dropship . I will see these Spartans make it to Project MJOLNIR . ( ALARM BLARING ) All hands to battle stations . This is not a drill . Reactors to 90 % . Come about to course 125 . All hands , brace for impact . KELLY : We were being hunted down like dogs . Our only chance was whatever was down in that testing facility . ( EXPLODING ) ( THUDDING ON IMPACT ) They call themselves the Covenant . Energy shields . That 's amazing . Bring the ship around . And arm the MAC . KELLY : Unlike the missiles , the MAC round 101 is an unguided projectile , so the firing solution has to be perfectly aligned to hit . ( CHARGING UP ) ( SCREAMING ) Ready another MAC round . MAC system destroyed , Captain . The Commonwealth carries nuclear missiles , correct ? Detonation at this range will destroy us as well . JOHN : Excuse me , sir . The alien tactics have been unnecessarily vicious . They didn 't have to take that second MAC round . In my opinion , sir , they would engage anything that challenged them . They 're sending a message . Longsword Squadron Delta , get those ships into the black , boys . Buy us some time . OFFICER : Roger that , sir . On our way . WALLACE : Arm the nuclear warhead . Proximity detonator at 100 meters . ( EXPLODING ) Fire . OFFICER : Three , two ... ( MUFFLED EXPLOSION ) WALLACE : Power us back up . Slowly . OFFICER : Sensors coming back on . All Longsword interceptors vaporized . Covenant ship intact , sir . No . OFFICER : It is moving off , though , sir . Most likely to make repairs . I have my orders . To get you and yours to Chi Ceti IV at all costs . As we execute a flyby orbit , your dropship will take you and your crew planet-side . If the Covenant return , we will lure them away . OFFICER : Damascus Materials Testing Facility to incoming Pelican . Identify . CATHERINE : This is Dr. Catherine Halsey , Damascus clearance 197371-Alpha . OFFICER : Doctor , you 're cleared for landing . Pad four . This is Project MJOLNIR . KELLY : MJOLNIR wasn 't just weapons tech . It was Halsey 's endgame . Her force multiplier . We were only half of the plan . The armor was the other . The armor 's shell is a multilayer alloy of remarkable strength . An onboard computer connects with your neural interface to continually track tactical information . And the inner structure is composed of a new reactive metal liquid crystal that is amorphous , yet fractally scales and amplifies force . Ma 'am , so you 're saying this exoskeleton enhances both the wearer 's strength and speed ? Yes , 104 , by a multiple of five . - Sign me up . - And the drawbacks , ma 'am ? This system is so reactive that our previous tests with unaugmented volunteers ended in failure . - ( BONES CRACKING ) - ( SCREAMING ) The amplified movements broke their bones , tore their muscles . Their own agony-induced spasms killed them . But you are not normal humans . Your enhanced musculature and skeletons should be enough to allow you to harness the armor 's power . - Now , I 'll need a ... - JOHN : I 'll do it . I 'll be first . CATHERINE : I thought you might . KELLY : Of course , John volunteered . He was always the first to explore the unknown for the rest of us . CATHERINE : Move very slowly , deliberately . The armor cannot be powered down , the response cannot be scaled back . It 's shifting . CATHERINE : Each suit has a gel-filled layer to regulate temperature and fit . - John , ready for your first step ? - Yes , ma 'am . KELLY : We couldn 't watch , but we couldn 't turn away . If felt like the entire fate of humanity lay in one step . Come on , man , you got this . JOHN : It 's lighter than I expected . CATHERINE : Easy now . Well ? How does it feel ? Like I was made to wear it , ma 'am . ( GUNFIRE ) KELLY : John was right . He was made to wear it . We all were . JOHN : Spartans , this is what we 've trained our entire lives to do . If we lose here , we lose everything . - Let 's send our own message . - SPARTANS : Sir , yes , sir ! WALLACE : ( ON SPEAKERS ) Commonwealth to Dr. Halsey . I 'm here , Captain . WALLACE : The Covenant ship is moving . They 'll be on us inside 10 minutes . I 'm sorry , Doctor . It looks as if you 're on your own . JOHN : Dr. Halsey , let us take a shot . We 're the best possible option . Your only option . Blue Team is ready , and you know it . KELLY : John was right . And Halsey either did know it , or at least knew better than to argue . Godspeed , John . SAM : I 'm just saying , you could have volunteered Red Team instead . JOHN : You want me to pull over ? Let you out right here ? KELLY : As Chief Mendez would say , " It 's a long walk home . " ( SAM , CHUCKLING ) Look , you know I trust you and everything , but how are we supposed to take on a Covenant ship in a Pelican ? Drown them in our blood ? JOHN : I was thinking , the Commonwealth 's Pelicans are carrying nukes . FRED : Nukes won 't even scratch ' em . KELLY : No . Not from outside their ship . JOHN : That 's right . We can 't beat them with brute force , remember ? Scalpels , surgical precision . ( BEEPING ) We 're small enough , they won 't see us coming . I hope . Gear up . FRED : Ship 's on autopilot . Course can be tracked via our HUD . SAM : You heard this plan ? And we 're still doing it ? KELLY : I think it 's a great plan . I seriously love this plan ! FRED : I 'm on board . I love this plan . LINDA : I love it , too . JOHN : All right , here we go . KELLY : John ? If we miss ... JOHN : We won 't . KELLY : The turrets ! The shields have to at least IRIS for them to fire . JOHN : If we time this right , we 're behind their shields . SAM : We time it wrong , we 're smoke . JOHN : Sam , Kelly , with me . Fred , Linda , take the other side . We 'll rendezvous somewhere in the middle . ( FIRING ) On my mark . Mark ! Go ! Go ! Go ! KELLY : I 'm not going to make it ! JOHN : Everyone makes it . I need Intel . KELLY : I 've got Cherenkov radiation readings from all over the ship . JOHN : Could be anything . KELLY : Agreed , but the largest reading is coming from the center . Likely the ship 's reactor . JOHN : Sam , you take point . Kelly , in the middle , guiding the way . I 'll bring up the rear . KELLY : The pressure doors were immense . The ceilings were three meters high , the air thick and oily Different symbols , different languages . ONI had theorized the Covenant was more than just one race . This helped confirm it . ( ALIEN SQUEALING ) ( GUNFIRE ) JOHN : They aren 't bulletproof . Good to know . Collect samples . Tissue , armor , weapons . ONI will want it . KELLY : Think we should 've tried communicating ? SAM : They understood us just fine . JOHN : Come on . We don 't know what else is on the way . SAM : Clear . ( ROARING ) ( ROARING ) ( GUNFIRE ) ( SAM GRUNTS ) John ! KELLY : My heart stopped when Sam took the shot in the chest . ( GROWLING ) ( GUNSHOT ) ( GROWLING ) ( GUNSHOTS ) ( SAM GROANS ) SAM : I 'm okay . Just burns like nothing else . KELLY : You 'll be fine . But biofoam won 't seal this . JOHN : That was stupid , Sam . - SAM : You did the same thing for me . - JOHN : That was different . SAM : They can 't afford to lose you , John . KELLY : This is the source of the radiation spike . I have no idea what it is . JOHN : Doesn 't matter , as long as it explodes . I 'll arm the warhead , you two ... KELLY : Contacts ! - KELLY : They 've got shields . - JOHN : Only in the front . ( GUNSHOT ) ( EXPLOSION ) KELLY : I 'll seal the door . John , finish arming that warhead . ( SCREAMING ) I remember thinking that no matter how dark the future , we could face it as a team . ( BEEPS ) JOHN : Warhead countdown set . Let 's move ! KELLY : Or so I thought . ( SAM SIGHS ) SAM : You guys should get moving . KELLY : You guys ? You 're not coming ? JOHN : Kelly ... KELLY : No ! We don 't leave anyone behind . SAM : My suit is breached . I step into that vacuum and I 'm dead anyway . KELLY : No . No ! We don 't leave anyone behind ! JOHN : He 's not staying to die , Kelly . He 's staying to fight . Go . Our new friends aren 't gonna wait for us to argue . ( BEEPING ) KELLY : I know Spartans don 't cry , but for once , I was glad for the helmet . Sam was our first loss since augmentation . ( MUFFLED GUNSHOTS ) We thought training , augmentation , armor made us untouchable , invulnerable , immortal . Blue Team . We were wrong . We were children . This was the only thing John was ever afraid of . Losing one of us . And we knew we weren 't finishing this fight , we were just getting started . ( EXPLOSION ) I was 14 then . All I can think about was that day . Sam carved our mark into the world , right here in the wilderness , before it was all burned . For Sam . Sam fell first , and yet he showed us that the Covenant could be killed . Sam proved we could win this war . Every battle won is built on the foundation of that sacrifice . If we survive this , it 's because Sam showed us the way . Chief ? JOHN : Sam was my friend . He was my brother . He was our brother . Last time we were here , I asked Sam to trust me to take us home , to follow me . Will you trust me now ? Will you follow me ?
