 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... - Buy you a drink ? - Please . I hope I can trust Roz . I want to . I have my people infiltrating your facility . - They 're not trying to cure Inhumans , they ... - They 're turning them . They 're giving Terrigen to as many people as they can . Handing out the contaminan a cure ... - No , that 's not what we ... - that 's especially sinister . No , I get weekly reports fr ... from Malick . Thousands of years ago , an Inhuman was born on the Earth . It was sent through the portal to a distant planet . Hydra was founded with the sole purpose of engineering its return . I know you want revenge , to cut the head off of S.H.I.E.L.D. - I 'll help you do that . - And in return ? You 'll help me learn how S.H.I.E.L.D. brought someone back . 3x09 - " Closure " Two all-Americans from D.J. ' s extra bacon , double cheese . Is it me , or is every burger that 's named " the all-American " just really awful for you ? Oh , don 't be a hater , Phil . Half Moon pub . Isn 't that where we had our first drink ? - I go there a lot . - Of course you do . Yeah , it 's not like it 's a memento or anything . Just matches . Got it . You know , Banks thinks I 'm crazy to ... keep seeing you like this . - Oh . - Huh . You told Banks about us ? - Yeah , I tell Banks everything . - Hmm . I didn 't realize you two were so chummy . Well , there 's a lot you don 't know about me , even after sneaking two of your agents into my workplace . Just to say it , technically , I was right to do that . You are working for Hydra . And also I 'm sorry . Any sensible girl would swipe left in this moment . - Honestly , don 't know what that means . - You 're such a luddite . You know I have a flying car , right ? Uh , yeah . It 's from the ' 60s . - I 'm glad we 're finally having burgers . - Me , too . So , your team find anything new about Malick ? Nothing we didn 't already know . D.C. power player with his hand in almost every government organization . Yeah , including mine . Where he somehow managed to remove every Inhuman you had in custody . Thank you . - Wait , you think Malick 's mobilizing ? - Only question is why . Not sure . That 's what I intend to find out . You 're going back into the ATCU ? I can 't protect you on the inside . Thanks , Lancelot , but I 'll be just fine . The ATCU ... it 's my turf . And as far as Malick 's concerned , I 'm just clocking in another day at work . - Still a dangerous play . - Well , then that 's a risk I have to take . I mean , look ... it 's my people that Malick 's been using as lab rats , and I 'm the idiot who 's been working under Hydra - this entire time . - " Idiot " is a little harsh . - So what 's the plan once you 're in ? - Just another day . But I scheduled a meeting with Malick , and that way ... Roz ? Rosalind ? No , no ! Oh , no . Stay with my voice . Stay with me , Roz . Listen , stay with the sound of my voice ! Look at me , right here ! Roz ! Roz ! I need you to breathe ! Please , Roz ! Look at me ! Breathe ! Roz ! Breathe . Please breathe . Please breathe . Please , just stay with me . Please stay with me . Now you know how it feels , Coulson ... to watch someone you care for bleed out right in front of you . - Ward ? - Got to admit , it still sounds funny when you don 't say " agent " first . What did you do ? It seems I just eliminated a leak at the ATCU . You murdered Rosalind to keep her from digging into Malick ? Come on , Coulson . You really think Rosalind was gonna stop Malick from opening another portal ? He 's opened one before . I 'm sure he 'll do it again . No . This is personal . S.H.I.E.L.D. keeps sending its best agents to kill me . Thought I 'd stop that from happening again by taking out the guy who keeps sending them . Want to take me out ? Come and get me . We 'll settle this right now . I have people who take care of that sort of thing for me now . No , I just wanted to hear the panic in your voice before you died . This isn 't over . Aah ! Get down ! Go , go , go ! What about Miss Price ? Just drive . Let him go . Coulson said anything once you got him out of there ? He just told me to get the interrogation room ready . I 'm so sorry , Phil . Whatever you need , just ask . We start at the beginning . How does Ward think ? Is there any weakness we haven 't exploited yet ? You really think there 's something we 've missed ? There 's only one way to find out . I want each of the original team members to tell me everything they remember about Ward , down to the smallest detail , no matter how uncomfortable . Okay . When you two were sleeping together , did he ever confess any personal details ? We didn 't do much talking . How was your relationship with Ward after he saved your life ? - I was grateful . - Just grateful ? Once , I caught him alone in my bunk , like some sort of creeper . - Was he stealing ? - Uh , no . I don 't think so . But he was , um , just sitting there , staring at a picture of me and my mum . Ward appealed because he was damaged . Did he ever open up about what had hurt him ? Like I said , not much talking . But whatever it was seemed to drive him . Made him desperate for others to think of him as some kind of hero . He and I , we were like brothers ... at least , that 's what it felt like at the time . - Then I realized he was just using me . - Using you for what ? It 's hard to describe , really , but it was like ... like he was trying to replace something that had gone missing . I was such a pathetic flirt , always laughing at his jokes and those ridiculous puns . You were attracted to him . Well , he did jump out of a plane to save me . Ever think the feeling might 've been mutual ? That 's not what Ward needed from me . Besides , it was obvious he fancied someone else . I don 't know what to say . - Then just answer the questions . - Sure . But I doubt there 's anything you don 't already know . I 've heard all about how Ward fell for you . Now explain to me how you fell for him . I realize this has got to be hard on you . I just want to get the guy who took Roz out . So do we . Which is why there are a couple of people I need you to meet . There was just something about him . We both had these messed-up childhoods . - Made it easy to relate . - Have you considered that all of that might 've been an act to get close , that maybe he found a weakness and exploited it ? It wasn 't an act . For whatever reason , Ward never lied to me . He just hid parts of himself that I wasn 't ready to see yet . - " Yet " ? - When you grew up like we did , it ... it impacts how you see the world . Everything is filtered through a very specific lens . And Ward got that . That 's why he thought he could make me understand him . - Was he right ? - Probably . After years of moving from place to place , I totally get how easy it was for him to be taken in by a powerful father figure . I even understand how Garrett was able to draw him into Hydra . It 's not like I wasn 't fooled by my mom when she ... Sounds like there 's a lot you 're willing to forgive . I will never forgive him . He murdered Rosalind just to hurt you . He killed Koenig ... He killed Koenig because of me . He knew once Koenig outed him as Hydra , he 'd lose you . And the sad part is , that 's when I finally understood him for the first time . The reason Ward kills isn 't because he feels nothing . It 's because he feels too much . Ward mentioned that Malick 's trying to open a portal . - Does this look familiar ? - Yeah , that 's Distant Star Pathfinder . It was the program NASA was in the middle of when Roz and I ... joined . We weren 't privy to the details . - You know where NASA was running it ? - They weren 't . An independent contractor proposed the project , ran things out of a lab complex . Facility shut down years ago . Maybe worth looking anyway . Do we have to guess who it was that funded this independent contractor ? No , you don 't . It was Gideon Malick . All hail the conquering hero . That was fast . Seems I just gave the go-ahead . Been a while since I took a shot from that far out . - Felt good . - Yeah , I bet . Guess in all that excitement , you forgot about the part where we need Phil Coulson alive . - He made it out . - By the skin of his teeth . What the hell were you thinking about , sending in your little bones brigade ? I wanted to put Coulson through his paces . Ah . This is not some game you just leave to chance . Well , maybe not for you . - I was good either way . - Right . 'Cause if Coulson doesn 't make it out , you get that closure you 've been searching for . Closure 's not something that I ever put much stock in . What I believe in ... is moving forward . Never looking back . These five stones were extracted from the monolith centuries ago . The idea was that they should be divided up evenly among Hydra 's most powerful leaders . Now you 've got the full set , thanks to me . You 're missing the point . These stones are the key to everything that Hydra 's been marching toward since it was formed . And now you 're jeopardizing all of that - for something as petty as closure . - Don 't worry . Everything will play out exactly like we planned . How can you be so sure ? 'Cause I know Coulson better than he knows himself . - Sir , I just wanted to say ... - Sir ! You were supposed to take Ward out . I sent you to do a job . You failed ! Now people are dead . You need to calm down ! No , he 's right . Ward should never have had the chance to do what he did . No . She 's right . I 'm the one who picked Ward for this team . Everything that happened since , it 's on me . Sir , I 'd do anything to have another shot at the bastard . Well , you better not miss this time . - This time ? - I figured out a way to track down Ward , - but we got to go off book . - My specialty . I 'm not sure taking Hunter is really such a good idea . You 're going , too , Agent Morse . We need a pilot . - What are you thinking ? - It 's simple , Agent Mackenzie . To take Ward out , I need to cross some lines the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. shouldn 't cross . Well , maybe those lines aren 't meant to be crossed . Maybe not , but this is happening . - What , you want me to fill in ? - As acting director until it 's finished . Why not put May in charge ? After everything that 's happened with Andrew , she 's not ready to lead . You 're the only one I trust who doesn 't have an axe to grind with Ward . I was gonna check out the Distant Star facility - with Fitz and Simmons . - They 've already gone . I sent them and a team with Agent Banks 20 minutes ago . Well , maybe I should go . This isn 't a request . It 's an order . I need you to step up and do the damn job . Does this mean you 're gonna tell me your plan ? Absolutely not . Seems unlikely anything portal-related is still here . Don 't go jumping to conclusions just yet . We may still find something to help us bring back Will . We can 't bring him back . Jemma ... we 've already built the program to determine where the portal will open on Maveth . The only thing that 's left is getting to the other side . That 's not what I meant . It 's irresponsible of us to open another portal . Hydra 's been searching for the thing on that planet for centuries . It 's an old wives tale Hydra moms tell their goblin babies . - But I 've seen it . It 's real . - Yes , and so is Will , and he 's stuck there , and he needs our help . You don 't think I want to save him ? That it 's not tearing me up inside ? He saved my life , and ... you know how I feel about him . But to put so many other lives in jeopardy would be selfish . It 's not selfish ... Don 't do this . It 's not me ! Let 's go . Mr. Malick is waiting . Our target 's in a public place . Plenty of looky-loos , then , I imagine . You 're serious about all options being on the table ? - You got something particular in mind ? - Ever robbed a bank before ? - Can 't say that I have . Have you ? - Piece of advice ... never trust a crooked jockey on a doped-up horse . My point is , I have an idea I think should work . Good , ' cause time 's a luxury we don 't have . Ward and Malick are already 10 steps ahead . Don 't blame me . This was his idea . Get them up . You know , my father used to say , " never send a boy to do a man 's job , " but it honestly never occurred to me that I should try sending a young woman . Tell me , Miss Simmons , when you went through , did you see it ? Whoa-oh ! - You didn 't tell me she was so feral . - It 's a new development . The secrets you must have hiding in that pretty little head of yours , just waiting to be shared ... Well , never gonna help you put another bloody portal ... Nobody 's asking you to . See , Hydra 's been opening one portal or another for centuries . And all it takes is a few stones and a building with just the right vibrational frequency . - What 's all this about , then ? - The other thing . - They don 't know how to get back . - You really are a sharp cookie . Maybe now you 're ready to reveal the secret . Come a little closer and find out . - What about you ? - Piss off . - Any suggestions ? - Split them up . Hydra 's taken Fitz and Simmons . How is that possible ? There was an ambush at the Distant Star facility . - What about Banks and the others ? - They didn 't make it . We got to get on Zephyr One and get there . I don 't think that 's the right move . They took Fitz and Simmons . I know that , but Hydra 's long gone by now , and we can 't waste every resource we have chasing our own damn tail . It 's better than doing nothing . I need to call Coulson . - Director ? - Sir , we have a situation . Fitz and Simmons have been kidnapped . - What ? By who ? - By Hydra , by the looks of it . Seems they knew we were coming . That 's why Ward mentioned the portal . He wanted us to go there . Does this mean we need to make a change of plans ? No . It means this better work . Anyone need explaining what to do next ? ! We got no heroes here today , mate . Oh , god . How 'd you find me ? - I 'm not afraid of you . - Got to say , I am impressed with this whole furiosa vibe you got going on . Please just shut up . And sure , being trapped on another world might 've had a lot to do with it , but I would like to think dropping you and Fitz 20,000 leagues under the sea really got the ball rolling . You really are the king idiot . This can go a couple of different ways . - Do your worst . - You see , that 's the problem right there . If you 'd really gotten to know me , you 'd know that I would never do anything to hurt you , Jemma . But I can 't say the same is true for him . Let me know if you change your mind . You want to see a trick ? What have you ... What ... What have you done with Simmons ? Trust me , you really don 't want to know . I 'll kill you , you ... psychopath ! Seems you 're still scared of me , Fitz . Don 't worry . I 'm not gonna hurt you . There 's a much simpler way to make you talk . Leave Simmons alone . The first thought I had when we met was , " Wow , this guy 's really carrying a torch . " It was sweet , really . Not , uh , adult sweet . More like a cartoon puppy dog with its heart beating outside its chest . Don 't do this . I even told you to make a move before it was too late . Guess what ... too late . Please ... Just tell me how she came back , and this all ends . Simple as that . No ! No ! Nooo ! Or we can just ... sit here and listen . You really think he can lead us to Ward ? What I realized about Ward is that every twisted thing he does is just a misguided attempt to justify his past . But there 's one thing in his past he can never make right . What is this ? - Did my brother send you ? - Grant Ward ? Doesn 't even know you 're here , mate . But he 's about to . I 'm curious which is worse for you ... those moments when Simmons screams ... or is it the long pauses when she doesn 't ? Wasn 't expecting a call from a dead woman 's phone . I spent every second since you murdered Rosalind trying to understand just how your sick mind works . Shouldn 't be that hard . We 're not that different , you and me . It 's not like we operate in different worlds , Coulson . We both got blood on our hands . Big difference is , I 've never hurt anyone for selfish reasons . That is , until now . What 's that supposed to mean ? There 's someone here who 'd like to say hello . Take a look . I got two of yours , so you take one of mine ? Like I said , two sides , same coin . Only I doubt you 're willing to take it all away . I thought you might say that , so I brought a friend along . If you lay a finger on Thomas ... Hanging up ? You sure that was the right play , boss ? I need Ward to know that we 've got the upper hand . Plus ... it 'll really piss him off . - Here . - Please don 't kill me . Nobody wants that . That 's not very reassuring when he 's got a gun to your head . Hate to break it to you , but your brother isn 't a very nice guy . You 're the one who just kidnapped me . - What 's wrong with you people ? - Ward hurt someone I care about . And as far as we can tell , you 're the only thing left in this world that he cares about , which means you 're the only way I can draw him out . Okay . But you better finish him off when you do . Honestly wasn 't expecting that . It 's what Grant 's always done ... hurt people and lie to himself about it . So all that talk about a traumatic childhood is just rubbish , then ? I 'm sure whatever he told you about our parents is true . See , my dad , he had some real anger issues , and my mom ... well , she had dad issues , so they spent most of their time taking those issues out on us . What about your brothers ? Were you close ? Christian was a lot older , so we never really hung out much , but Grant he was my best friend . Protected me from mom and dad , from Christian ... - And one day , he didn 't . - The day he pushed you down the well . Grant totally changed after that . It was like he felt guilty but couldn 't admit what had really happened . Instead , he kept promising never to let anyone hurt me again . Slightly unnerving coming from the guy who - just chucked you down a well . - You two keep in touch ? Family reunions , holidays , that sort of thing ? Grant was 17 when he burned my parents ' house down , with Christian inside . Ever since , I 've made sure to give him a pretty wide berth . Pretty sound logic , actually . Well , you don 't really seem like your brother . Just ' cause you grow up in a family of abusive monsters doesn 't mean you have to become one . I didn 't . Please , don 't hand me over to Grant . Sorry , mate . Giving you up is the only way to draw him out . Maybe not . During the call , I put a trace on Ward 's phone . Now we just have to keep him on long enough to get an exact location . Ward 'll never let that happen . He will if I 'm on the other end . Let me talk to him . - Not a good idea , even if he does ... - ... call back . Still not a good idea . I swear I 'll cut Fitz from head to toe if ... Grant ? Thomas ... You okay ? Is everything they 're saying true ? Don 't listen to them . They 're the bad guys . They killed someone I love very much . Then why is this happening ? They know how much I care about you . They want to hurt me . - It 's been almost 15 years . - I tried to see you . Mom and dad made that impossible . They kept you hidden . That wasn 't mom and dad . That was me . I changed my name and moved so you 'd never find me . Why would you do that ? 'Cause I didn 't want to let you hurt me again . - That was one time . - Really ? One time ? Then explain what the hell you did to mom and dad . - Thomas ... - No , you killed them . And Christian , too . You know what type of people they were . They hurt us both . I couldn 't let that happen again . Dad needed a walker to get around . Who was he gonna hurt ? I know this is tough to hear , but sometimes , you got to do a bad thing for the right reasons . Stop trying to justify what you did . Just stop . They were my parents , too . And yeah , they were horrible people , but you are so much worse . You set them on fire . Thomas , calm down . Listen to me for a second . - Time 's up . - Put Thomas back on the phone . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . - You traced the call . - And now I 'm coming to put you down . You will tell me everything I need to know right now . You understand me ? ! Do you ? ! No . No ! Trace puts Ward in the Southwest of England . They 're at the castle where we brought Simmons back . Which would explain why he kidnapped her and Fitz . 'Cause Malick 's trying to open another portal . Best get there before that happens , then . I spent my life staying off Grant 's radar . How am I supposed to stay safe now ? A security detail has been assigned to keep an eye on you . Is that all an act ? Or was he really gonna hurt me ? We 'll be in touch . - Daisy said you needed a word . - More like your opinion . I 've been reading Andrew 's file on Lincoln ... " a dangerous temperament that 's only been inflamed by recent events . It 's my professional opinion he should not be allowed in the proposed initiative . " What do you think ? I 'm not even sure if that 's Andrew 's evaluation . Maybe it 's Lash . How are we supposed to know the difference ? That 's a live sat feed from the castle where Ward and Malick are holding Fitz-Simmons . Looks like Hydra has a couple of dozen troops . The bigger problem is the heavy artillery , the surface-to-air missiles . And that 's not even the worst of it . Coulson told him he was coming . Cloaking won 't help if Hydra knows what to look for . I asked him if he needed backup , but Coulson refused to make the call . You 're the man in charge . Make it for him . We 're outmanned , outgunned , with no time to mount an assault with even a snowball 's chance against a fortified Hydra . What the hell am I supposed to do ? I think you already know . Well , there 's our little space traveler . We were just about to open up the portal . I thought you might want to come and see for yourself . Anyone who goes to that planet will die . That thing on the other side drives people mad . Well , that 's certainly an interesting theory . Here 's another . It wants to come back . And finally , after all these years , we finally found someone to help us do that . I 'll never help you bring that thing back , no matter how much you hurt me . Which is why we 've agreed to stop hurting you ... so that he would go instead . - Oh , Fitz ... - Sorry , Jemma . I always thought Fitz would give up the world for you . Looks like now he finally has his chance . Are you sure about this ? They haven 't even been cleared for field duty . I cleared them just now . Seems I might just get my team after all . Listen up ! Hydra has Fitz and Simmons , and they 're planning to open another portal ! Which is why we 're going to stop them . - Yeah , but why us ? - I 'm guessing we 're all they 've got . You two have powers . My other agents don 't . But I 'm not gonna lie to you ... this is a dangerous mission , and the odds are not in our favor . - Not really a selling point . - Here 's the deal . What Hydra 's planning is gonna hurt a lot of innocent people , maybe people you care about . I wouldn 't be asking you for your help if I didn 't think we had a chance . So either you step up and do the damn job or you let the bad guys win . The choice is yours . Nice speech , director . How long till we reach Hydra airspace ? We 're about 10 minutes out . Sir ? - About what happened back there ... - We got what we needed . - End of story . - I understand . But that look on your face ... I 've seen it before . It 's the same look Hunter had when he went after Ward . Not sure I 'm getting your point . It 's dangerous going into a mission that emotional . You need to be able to separate the job from your own feelings . You 're wrong . I 've been keeping my feelings in check , and look what it got us . Rosalind 's dead , Ward has Fitz and Simmons . My only regret is that I didn 't kill that son of a bitch - when I had the chance . - Coulson ... Let me know when we 're close . - It 's time . - Start without me . Need to get ready for when S.H.I.E.L.D. arrives . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s not getting near here . - Don 't underestimate Coulson . - Phil Coulson is of no consequence . You , on the other hand , still have an important role to play . What are you talking about ? I want you to lead our men on the other side . You can 't be serious . I 've been working for this moment ever since S.H.I.E.L.D. murdered Kara . Why would I give that up ? Because you 've already won . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s finished . Do you really need to take a victory lap ? This isn 't over till I 'm standing over Coulson 's dead body . I thought you were more than this , more than bloodthirsty and vindictive . I thought you had vision . Vision enough to know when I 'm being manipulated into risking my life for someone else 's pipe dream . Your dream ? Revenge ? That 's just vanity , Mr. Ward . That 's weakness . Don 't talk to me about weakness , old man . Weakness is following others blindly . Learned that the hard way . I 'm not asking you to follow . I 'm asking you to lead ! I 've been waiting for this moment for a long time , yes , but I 'd hoped that I 'd find someone to seize it with me . I thought it might be Pierce , but he was bloodthirsty . Thought it might be John Garrett , but his vanity led him to think of nothing but himself . John Garrett is the only reason I put my faith in Hydra . And that is the greatest thing he ever achieved for our cause . I 'm no soldier . You 're the finest we ever made . You 're the only one that can do this . And if you cross over to that other side , you will finally see that your faith in Hydra was never misplaced . It 's real . You will look it in the eye . - And then ? - And then ... we 'll be able to do whatever the hell we want . Hey ! You touch her , and the deal 's off . - Fitz , you can 't do this . - My mind 's made up , Jemma . No , we can 't let them bring that thing back to this planet ! Fitz ... please just let them kill me . I can 't do that . I won 't . I lost you once . I can 't lose you again . I 'm just ... I 'm not strong enough to live in a world that doesn 't have you in it . Oh , come back to me . Just don 't bring that thing with you . Only thing I 'm gonna bring back is Will . Okay ? Let 's get this show on the road . What are you doing ? Leading . Looks like they 're getting ready . They 're gonna take Fitz or Simmons . It 's the smart play . Whatever they want over there , they 'll take one to guide the team back , keep the other one here for insurance . That 's Ward . You can 't seriously know that from a bloody heat signature . It 's him . Wait for me . Once you get down there , you establish a perimeter . Wait for me . I 'm right behind you . Get on in . Find it , get to the exit coordinates , we 'll turn the portal back on in exactly ... - 12 hours . - Got it . Bring it back , my friend . Be the one that finishes what Hydra started . Making history today . Cheer up . New beginning for both of us . He 's going through . If that really is Ward , then we 're too late . Can you please go talk some sense into him ? You can 't do this . Only a complete lunatic would go down there without a plan . - I 'm ending this . - Oh , bloody hell . Wait , wait . What the hell are you doing ? We both know common sense was never really my strong suit . Hydra 's got us locked in ! We need to move ! Coulson , wait ! Shut it down . It 's nothing ! Fine ! Get moving !
