 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Buy you a drink ? Please . I hope I can trust roz . I want to . I have my people infiltrating your facility . Daisy : They 're not trying to cure inhumans , they 're - - They 're turning them . They 're giving terrigen to as many people as they can . Handing out the contaminant as a cure - - No , that 's not what we - - that 's especially sinister . No , I get weekly reports fr- - from malick . Thousands of years ago , An inhuman was born on the earth . It was sent through the portal to a distant planet . Hydra was founded with the sole purpose Of engineering its return . I know you want revenge , To cut the head off of s.H.I.E.L.D. I 'll help you do that . And in return ? You 'll help me learn How s.H.I.E.L.D. Brought someone back . [ jazz music plays ] Two all-americans from d.J. ' s Extra bacon , double cheese . Is it me , or is every burger that 's named " the all-american " Just really awful for you ? Oh , don 't be a hater , phil . Half moon pub . Isn 't that where we had our first drink ? I go there a lot . Of course you do . Yeah , it 's not like it 's a memento or anything . Just matches . Got it . You know , banks thinks I 'm crazy to ... Keep seeing you like this . Oh . Huh . You told banks about us ? Yeah , I tell banks everything . Hmm . I didn 't realize you two were so chummy . Well , there 's a lot you don 't know about me , Even after sneaking two of your agents into my workplace . Just to say it , technically , I was right to do that . You are working for hydra . And also ... [ cork pops ] ... I 'm sorry . Any sensible girl would swipe left in this moment . Honestly , don 't know what that means . [ chuckles ] you 're such a luddite . You know I have a flying car , right ? Uh , yeah . It 's from the ' 60s . [ grunts ] [ sighs ] I 'm glad we 're finally having burgers . Me , too . So , your team find anything new about malick ? Nothing we didn 't already know . D.C. Power player with his hand In almost every government organization . Yeah , including mine . Where he somehow managed to remove every inhuman You had in custody . Thank you . Wait , you think malick 's mobilizing ? Only question is why . Not sure . That 's what I intend to find out . You 're going back into the atcu ? I can 't protect you on the inside . [ chuckles ] Thanks , lancelot , but I 'll be just fine . The atcu - - it 's my turf . And as far as malick 's concerned , I 'm just clocking in another day at work . Still a dangerous play . Well , then that 's a risk I have to take . I mean , look - - it 's my people That malick 's been using as lab rats , And I 'm the idiot who 's been working under hydra This entire time . " idiot " is a little harsh . So what 's the plan once you 're in ? Just another day . But I scheduled a meeting with malick , and that way - - [ glass shatters quietly , whoosh ] [ gasps ] Roz ? Rosalind ? ♪ ♪ No , no ! Oh , no . Stay with my voice . Stay with me , roz . Listen , stay with the sound of my voice ! Look at me , right here ! Roz ! Roz ! I need you to breathe ! Please , roz ! Look at me ! Breathe ! Roz ! Breathe . Please breathe . Please breathe . Please , just stay with me . Please stay with me . ♪ ♪ [ cellphone ringing ] [ sighs ] [ ringing continues ] [ cellphone beeps ] Ward : Now you know how it feels , coulson - - To watch someone you care for bleed out right in front of you . Ward ? Got to admit , It still sounds funny when you don 't say " agent " first . What did you do ? It seems I just eliminated a leak at the atcu . You murdered rosalind to keep her from digging into malick ? Come on , coulson . You really think rosalind was gonna stop malick From opening another portal ? He 's opened one before . I 'm sure he 'll do it again . No . ♪ ♪ This is personal . S.H.I.E.L.D. Keeps sending its best agents to kill me . Thought I 'd stop that from happening again By taking out the guy who keeps sending them . [ breathing heavily ] Want to take me out ? Come and get me . We 'll settle this right now . I have people who take care of that sort of thing for me now . No , I just wanted to hear the panic in your voice Before you died . ♪ ♪ This isn 't over . [ device beeps ] ♪ ♪ [ grunting ] ♪ ♪ Aah ! ♪ ♪ [ gunshots ] ♪ ♪ [ grunting ] ♪ ♪ [ tires screech ] get down ! ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] Go , go , go ! [ tires screech ] What about miss price ? Just drive . ♪ ♪ Let him go . ♪ ♪ Coulson say anything once you got him out of there ? He just told me to get the interrogation room ready . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] ♪ ♪ [ groans ] ♪ ♪ [ breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ [ crashing , banging ] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I 'm so sorry , phil . Whatever you need , just ask . We start at the beginning . How does ward think ? Is there any weakness we haven 't exploited yet ? You really think there 's something we 've missed ? There 's only one way to find out . I want each of the original team members To tell me everything they remember about ward , Down to the smallest detail , no matter how uncomfortable . [ sighs ] Okay . ♪ ♪ When you two were sleeping together , Did he ever confess any personal details ? We didn 't do much talking . How was your relationship with ward after he saved your life ? I was grateful . Just grateful ? ♪ ♪ Once , I caught him alone in my bunk , like some sort of creeper . Was he stealing ? Uh , no . I don 't think so . But he was , um , just sitting there , Staring at a picture of me and my mum . Ward appealed because he was damaged . Did he ever open up about what had hurt him ? Like I said , not much talking . But whatever it was seemed to drive him . Made him desperate For others to think of him as some kind of hero . He and I , we were like brothers - - At least , that 's what it felt like at the time . Then I realized he was just using me . Using you for what ? It 's hard to describe , really , but it was like - - Like he was trying to replace something that had gone missing . [ simmons scoffs ] I was such a pathetic flirt , Always laughing at his jokes and those ridiculous puns . You were attracted to him . Well , he did jump out of a plane to save me . Ever think the feeling might 've been mutual ? That 's not what ward needed from me . Besides , it was obvious he fancied someone else . I don 't know what to say . Then just answer the questions . Sure . But I doubt there 's anything you don 't already know . I 've heard all about how ward fell for you . Now explain to me how you fell for him . Mack : I realize this has got to be hard on you . I just want to get the guy who took roz out . So do we . Which is why there are a couple of people I need you to meet . There was just something about him . We both had these messed-up childhoods . Made it easy to relate . Have you considered that all of that Might 've been an act to get close , That maybe he found a weakness and exploited it ? It wasn 't an act . For whatever reason , ward never lied to me . He just hid parts of himself that I wasn 't ready to see yet . " yet " ? When you grew up like we did , It - - it impacts how you see the world . Everything is filtered through a very specific lens . And ward got that . That 's why he thought he could make me understand him . Was he right ? Probably . After years of moving from place to place , I totally get how easy it was for him To be taken in by a powerful father figure . I even understand how garrett was able to draw him into hydra . It 's not like I wasn 't fooled by my mom when she - - Sounds like there 's a lot you 're willing to forgive . I will never forgive him . He murdered rosalind just to hurt you . He killed koenig ... [ sighs ] He killed koenig because of me . He knew once koenig outed him as hydra , he 'd lose you . And the sad part is , That 's when I finally understood him for the first time . The reason ward kills isn 't because he feels nothing . It 's because he feels too much . ♪ ♪ Ward mentioned that malick 's trying to open a portal . Does this look familiar ? Yeah , that 's distant star pathfinder . It was the program nasa was in the middle of When roz and I ... Joined . We weren 't privy to the details . You know where nasa was running it ? They weren 't . An independent contractor proposed the project , Ran things out of a lab complex . Facility shut down years ago . Simmons : Maybe worth looking anyway . Do we have to guess who it was That funded this independent contractor ? No , you don 't . It was gideon malick . ♪ ♪ All hail the conquering hero . That was fast . [ chuckles ] Seems I just gave the go-ahead . Been a while since I took a shot from that far out . Felt good . Yeah , I bet . Guess in all that excitement , You forgot about the part where we need phil coulson alive . He made it out . By the skin of his teeth . What the hell were you thinking about , Sending in your little bones brigade ? I wanted to put coulson through his paces . Ah . This is not some game you just leave to chance . Well , maybe not for you . I was good either way . [ laughs ] right . 'cause if coulson doesn 't make it out , You get that closure you 've been searching for . Closure 's not something that I ever put much stock in . Malick : What I believe in ... Is moving forward . Never looking back . These five stones were extracted from the monolith centuries ago . The idea was that they should be divided up evenly Among hydra 's most powerful leaders . Now you 've got the full set , thanks to me . You 're missing the point . ♪ ♪ These stones are the key to everything That hydra 's been marching toward since it was formed . And now you 're jeopardizing all of that For something as petty as closure . Don 't worry . Everything will play out exactly like we planned . How can you be so sure ? 'cause I know coulson better than he knows himself . Sir , I just wanted to say - - [ grunts ] sir ! You were supposed to take ward out . I sent you to do a job . You failed ! Now people are dead . You need to calm down ! ♪ ♪ [ gasps ] ♪ ♪ No , he 's right . Ward should never have had the chance to do what he did . No . She 's right . I 'm the one who picked ward for this team . Everything that happened since , it 's on me . Sir , I 'd do anything to have another shot at the bastard . Well , you better not miss this time . [ breathing heavily ] This time ? I figured out a way to track down ward , But we got to go off book . My specialty . I 'm not sure taking hunter is really such a good idea . You 're going , too , agent morse . We need a pilot . ♪ ♪ What are you thinking ? It 's simple , agent mackenzie . To take ward out , I need to cross some lines The director of s.H.I.E.L.D. Shouldn 't cross . Well , maybe those lines aren 't meant to be crossed . Maybe not , but this is happening . What , you want me to fill in ? As acting director until it 's finished . Why not put may in charge ? After everything that 's happened with andrew , She 's not ready to lead . You 're the only one I trust Who doesn 't have an axe to grind with ward . I was gonna check out the distant star facility With fitz and simmons . They 've already gone . I sent them and a team with agent banks 20 minutes ago . Well , maybe I should go . This isn 't a request . It 's an order . I need you to step up and do the damn job . Does this mean you 're gonna tell me your plan ? Absolutely not . ♪ ♪ Seems unlikely anything portal-related is still here . Don 't go jumping to conclusions just yet . We may still find something to help us bring back will . We can 't bring him back . Jemma ... We 've already built the program To determine where the portal will open on maveth . The only thing that 's left is getting to the other side . That 's not what I meant . It 's irresponsible of us to open another portal . Hydra 's been searching for the thing on that planet For centuries . It 's an old wives tale hydra moms tell their goblin babies . But I 've seen it . It 's real . Yes , and so is will , and he 's stuck there , and he needs our help . You don 't think I want to save him ? That it 's not tearing me up inside ? He saved my life , and ... You know how I feel about him . But to put so many other lives in jeopardy would be selfish . It 's not selfish - - [ gunshots ] Don 't do this . It 's not me ! [ grunting ] ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] Let 's go . Mr. Malick is waiting . ♪ ♪ Our target 's in a public place . Plenty of looky-loos , then , I imagine . You 're serious about all options being on the table ? You got something particular in mind ? Ever robbed a bank before ? Can 't say that I have . Have you ? Piece of advice - - Never trust a crooked jockey on a doped-up horse . My point is , I have an idea I think should work . Good , ' cause time 's a luxury we don 't have . Ward and malick are already 10 steps ahead . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ Don 't blame me . This was his idea . ♪ ♪ Get them up . You know , my father used to say , " never send a boy to do a man 's job , " But it honestly never occurred to me That I should try sending a young woman . Tell me , miss simmons , when you went through , Did you see it ? Whoa-oh ! [ chuckles ] You didn 't tell me she was so feral . It 's a new development . The secrets you must have hiding In that pretty little head of yours , just waiting to be shared ... Never gonna help you put another bloody portal - - Nobody 's asking you to . See , hydra 's been opening one portal or another for centuries . All it takes is a few stones and a building With just the right vibrational frequency . What 's all this about , then ? The other thing . They don 't know how to get back . You really are a sharp cookie . Maybe now you 're ready to reveal the secret . Come a little closer and find out . ♪ ♪ What about you ? Piss off . Any suggestions ? Split them up . ♪ ♪ Mack : Hydra 's taken fitz and simmons . How is that possible ? There was an ambush at the distant star facility . What about banks and the others ? They didn 't make it . We got to get on zephyr one and get there . I don 't think that 's the right move . They took fitz and simmons . I know that , but hydra 's long gone by now , And we can 't waste every resource we have Chasing our own damn tail . It 's better than doing nothing . ♪ ♪ I need to call coulson . ♪ ♪ [ cellphone rings ] [ cellphone beeps ] director ? Mack : Sir , we have a situation . Fitz and simmons have been kidnapped . What ? By who ? By hydra , by the looks of it . Seems they knew we were coming . That 's why ward mentioned the portal . He wanted us to go there . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ Does this mean we need to make a change of plans ? No . It means this better work . ♪ ♪ [ bell dings , woman screams ] Anyone need explaining what to do next ? ! ♪ ♪ Got no heroes here today , mate . ♪ ♪ Oh , god . How 'd you find me ? ♪ ♪ I 'm not afraid of you . Got to say , I am impressed With this whole furiosa vibe you got going on . Please just shut up . And sure , being trapped on another world Might 've had a lot to do with it , But I would like to think dropping you and fitz 20,000 leagues under the sea really got the ball rolling . You really are the king idiot . [ chuckles ] This can go a couple of different ways . Do your worst . You see , that 's the problem right there . If you 'd really gotten to know me , You 'd know that I would never do anything to hurt you , jemma . But I can 't say the same is true for him . ♪ ♪ Let me know if you change your mind . ♪ ♪ You want to see a trick ? ♪ ♪ [ breathing shakily ] What have you - - what - - What have you done with simmons ? Trust me , you really don 't want to know . I 'll kill you , you ... Psychopath ! Seems you 're still scared of me , fitz . Don 't worry . I 'm not gonna hurt you . There 's a much simpler way to make you talk . Leave simmons alone . The first thought I had when we met was , " wow , this guy 's really carrying a torch . " It was sweet , really . Not , uh , adult sweet . More like a cartoon puppy dog With its heart beating outside its chest . Don 't do this . I even told you to make a move before it was too late . Guess what - - too late . [ breathes deeply ] Please ... Just tell me how she came back , and this all ends . Simple as that . Simmons : No ! [ screams ] No ! No ! Or we can just ... Sit here and listen . No ! You really think he can lead us to ward ? What I realized about ward is that every twisted thing he does Is just a misguided attempt to justify his past . ♪ ♪ But there 's one thing in his past he can never make right . What is this ? Did my brother send you ? Hunter : Grant ward ? Doesn 't even know you 're here , mate . ♪ ♪ But he 's about to . I 'm curious which is worse for you - - Those moments when simmons screams ... Or is it the long pauses when she doesn 't ? [ cellphone rings ] ♪ ♪ [ cellphone beeps ] Wasn 't expecting a call from a dead woman 's phone . I spent every second since you murdered rosalind Trying to understand just how your sick mind works . Shouldn 't be that hard . We 're not that different , you and me . It 's not like we operate in different worlds , coulson . We both got blood on our hands . Big difference is , I 've never hurt anyone for selfish reasons . That is , until now . What 's that supposed to mean ? There 's someone here who 'd like to say hello . Take a look . ♪ ♪ I got two of yours , so you take one of mine ? Like I said , two sides , same coin . Only I doubt you 're willing to take it all away . I thought you might say that , so I brought a friend along . [ muffled shouting ] If you lay a finger on thomas , I s- - [ cellphone beeps ] ♪ ♪ Hanging up ? You sure that was the right play , boss ? I need ward to know that we 've got the upper hand . Plus ... It 'll really piss him off . ♪ ♪ Here . Please don 't kill me . Nobody wants that . That 's not very reassuring when he 's got a gun to your head . Hate to break it to you , but your brother isn 't a very nice guy . You 're the one who just kidnapped me . What 's wrong with you people ? Ward hurt someone I care about . Coulson : And as far as we can tell , You 're the only thing left in this world that he cares about , Which means you 're the only way I can draw him out . Okay . ♪ ♪ But you better finish him off when you do . ♪ ♪ Honestly wasn 't expecting that . It 's what grant 's always done - - Hurt people and lie to himself about it . So all that talk about a traumatic childhood Is just rubbish , then ? I 'm sure whatever he told you about our parents is true . See , my dad , he had some real anger issues , And my mom - - well , she had dad issues , So they spent most of their time taking those issues out on us . What about your brothers ? Were you close ? Christian was a lot older , So we never really hung out much , but grant He was my best friend . Protected me from mom and dad , from christian ... And one day , he didn 't . The day he pushed you down the well . Grant totally changed after that . It was like he felt guilty But couldn 't admit what had really happened . Instead , he kept promising never to let anyone hurt me again . Slightly unnerving Coming from the guy who just chucked you down a well . Bobbi : You two keep in touch ? Family reunions , holidays , that sort of thing ? Grant was 17 when he burned my parents ' house down , With christian inside . Ever since , I 've made sure to give him a pretty wide berth . Pretty sound logic , actually . Well , you don 't really seem like your brother . Just ' cause you grow up in a family of abusive monsters Doesn 't mean you have to become one . I didn 't . Please , don 't hand me over to grant . Sorry , mate . Giving you up is the only way to draw him out . Maybe not . During the call , I put a trace on ward 's phone . Now we just have to keep him on long enough To get an exact location . Ward 'll never let that happen . He will if I 'm on the other end . Let me talk to him . Not a good idea , even if he does ... [ cellphone rings ] ... Call back . [ ringing continues ] Still not a good idea . [ ringing continues ] [ ringing ] I swear I 'll cut fitz from head to toe if - - Thomas : Grant ? Thomas . You okay ? Is everything they 're saying true ? Don 't listen to them . They 're the bad guys . They killed someone I love very much . Then why is this happening ? They know how much I care about you . They want to hurt me . [ keyboard clacking ] It 's been almost 15 years . I tried to see you . Mom and dad made that impossible . They kept you hidden . That wasn 't mom and dad . That was me . I changed my name and moved so you 'd never find me . Why would you do that ? 'cause I didn 't want to let you hurt me again . That was one time . Really ? One time ? Then explain what the hell you did to mom and dad . Thomas - - no , you killed them . And christian , too . You know what type of people they were . They hurt us both . I couldn 't let that happen again . Dad needed a walker to get around . Who was he gonna hurt ? I know this is tough to hear , But sometimes , you got to do a bad thing for the right reasons . Stop trying to justify what you did . Just stop . They were my parents , too . And yeah , they were horrible people , But you are so much worse . [ computer beeps ] you set them on fire . Thomas , calm down . Listen to me for a second . Time 's up . Put thomas back on the phone . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . You traced the call . And now I 'm coming to put you down . [ phone clicks ] ♪ ♪ You will tell me everything I need to know right now . ♪ ♪ You understand me ? Do you ? Simmons : No . No ! No ! No ! Aaaah ! Aaaah ! Aaaah ! Hunter : Trace puts ward in the southwest of England . They 're at the castle where we brought simmons back . Which would explain why he kidnapped her and fitz . 'cause malick 's trying to open another portal . Best get there before that happens , then . I spent my life staying off grant 's radar . How am I supposed to stay safe now ? A security detail has been assigned to keep an eye on you . ♪ ♪ Is that all an act ? Or was he really gonna hurt me ? We 'll be in touch . ♪ ♪ Daisy said you needed a word . More like your opinion . I 've been reading andrew 's file on lincoln - - " a dangerous temperament That 's only been inflamed by recent events . It 's my professional opinion he should not be allowed In the proposed initiative . " What do you think ? [ sighs ] I 'm not even sure if that 's andrew 's evaluation . Maybe it 's lash . How are we supposed to know the difference ? That 's a live sat feed from the castle Where ward and malick are holding fitz-simmons . Looks like hydra has a couple of dozen troops . The bigger problem is the heavy artillery , The surface-to-air missiles . And that 's not even the worst of it . Coulson told him he was coming . Cloaking won 't help if hydra knows what to look for . I asked him if he needed backup , But coulson refused to make the call . You 're the man in charge . Make it for him . [ sighs ] We 're outmanned , outgunned , with no time to mount an assault With even a snowball 's chance against a fortified hydra . ♪ ♪ What the hell am I supposed to do ? I think you already know . ♪ ♪ Malick : Well , there 's our little space traveler . We were just about to open up the portal . I thought you might want to come and see for yourself . ♪ ♪ Anyone who goes to that planet will die . That thing on the other side drives people mad . Well , that 's certainly an interesting theory . Here 's another . It wants to come back . And finally , after all these years , We finally found someone to help us do that . I 'll never help you bring that thing back , No matter how much you hurt me . Which is why we 've agreed to stop hurting you ... So that he would go instead . Oh , fitz ... Sorry , jemma . Ward : I always thought fitz would give up the world for you . Looks like now he finally has his chance . ♪ ♪ Are you 're sure about this ? They haven 't even been cleared for field duty . I cleared them just now . ♪ ♪ Seems I might just get my team after all . Listen up ! Hydra has fitz and simmons , And they 're planning to open another portal ! Which is why we 're going to stop them . Yeah , but why us ? I 'm guessing we 're all they 've got . You two have powers . My other agents don 't . But I 'm not gonna lie to you - - this is a dangerous mission , And the odds are not in our favor . Not really a selling point . Here 's the deal . What hydra 's planning is gonna hurt a lot of innocent people , Maybe people you care about . I wouldn 't be asking you for your help If I didn 't think we had a chance . So either you step up and do the damn job Or you let the bad guys win . The choice is yours . ♪ ♪ Nice speech , director . ♪ ♪ Coulson : How long till we reach hydra airspace ? We 're about 10 minutes out . Sir ? About what happened back there ... We got what we needed . End of story . I understand . But that look on your face ... I 've seen it before . It 's the same look hunter had when he went after ward . Not sure I 'm getting your point . It 's dangerous going into a mission that emotional . You need to be able to separate the job from your own feelings . You 're wrong . I 've been keeping my feelings in check , and look what it got us . Rosalind 's dead , ward has fitz and simmons . My only regret is that I didn 't kill that son of a bitch When I had the chance . Coulson - - Let me know when we 're close . [ sighs ] It 's time . Start without me . Need to get ready for when s.H.I.E.L.D. Arrives . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s not getting near here . Don 't underestimate coulson . Phil coulson is of no consequence . You , on the other hand , still have an important role to play . What are you talking about ? I want you to lead our men on the other side . You can 't be serious . I 've been working for this moment Ever since s.H.I.E.L.D. Murdered kara . Why would I give that up ? Because you 've already won . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s finished . Do you really need to take a victory lap ? This isn 't over Till I 'm standing over coulson 's dead body . [ scoffs ] I thought you were more than this , More than bloodthirsty and vindictive . I thought you had vision . Vision enough to know when I 'm being manipulated Into risking my life for someone else 's pipe dream . Your dream ? Revenge ? That 's just vanity , mr . Ward . That 's weakness . Don 't talk to me about weakness , old man . Weakness is following others blindly . Learned that the hard way . I 'm not asking you to follow . I 'm asking you to lead ! ♪ ♪ I 've been waiting for this moment for a long time , yes , But I 'd hoped that I 'd find someone to seize it with me . I thought it might be pierce , but he was bloodthirsty . Thought it might be john garrett , But his vanity led him to think of nothing but himself . John garrett is the only reason I put my faith in hydra . And that is the greatest thing he ever achieved for our cause . ♪ ♪ I 'm no soldier . You 're the finest we ever made . You 're the only one that can do this . And if you cross over to that other side , You will finally see That your faith in hydra was never misplaced . It 's real . You will look it in the eye . And then ? [ chuckles ] and then ... We 'll be able to do whatever the hell we want . ♪ ♪ Hey ! You touch her , and the deal 's off . Fitz , you can 't do this . My mind 's made up , jemma . No , we can 't let them bring that thing back to this planet . ♪ ♪ Fitz ... Please just let them kill me . I can 't do that . I won 't . [ sighs ] I lost you once . ♪ ♪ I can 't lose you again . I 'm just ... I 'm not strong enough To live in a world that doesn 't have you in it . Oh , come back to me . ♪ ♪ Just don 't bring that thing with you . Only thing I 'm gonna bring back is will . Okay ? ♪ ♪ Let 's get this show on the road . What are you doing ? Leading . ♪ ♪ [ computer beeping ] [ rumbling ] ♪ ♪ Coulson : Looks like they 're getting ready . They 're gonna take fitz or simmons . It 's the smart play . Whatever they want over there , they 'll take one to guide the team back , Keep the other one here for insurance . That 's ward . You can 't seriously know that from a bloody heat signature . It 's him . Wait for me . Ward : Once you get down there , you establish a perimeter . Wait for me . I 'm right behind you . Get on in . ♪ ♪ Find it , get to the exit coordinates , We 'll turn the portal back on in exactly ... 12 hours . Got it . Bring it back , my friend . Be the one that finishes what hydra started . ♪ ♪ Making history today . ♪ ♪ Ward : Cheer up . New beginning for both of us . [ rumbling continues ] ♪ ♪ Bobbi : He 's going through . If that really is ward , then we 're too late . ♪ ♪ Can you please go talk some sense into him ? ♪ ♪ You can 't do this . Only a complete lunatic would go down there without a plan . I 'm ending this . Oh , bloody hell . Wait , wait . What the hell are you doing ? We both know common sense was never really my strong suit . ♪ ♪ [ explosions ] ♪ ♪ Hydra 's got us locked in ! We need to move ! ♪ ♪ Coulson , wait ! ♪ ♪ Shut it down . [ wind howling ] ♪ ♪ [ wind whistling ] It 's nothing ! ♪ ♪ Come on ! Get moving ! ♪ ♪
