 ACIDALIA PLANITIA NASA - ARES III - LANDING SITE Alright team , stay in sight of each other . Let 's make NASA proud today . How 's it looking over there , Watney ? Well , you 'll be happy to hear that in grid section 14 to 28 , the particles were phenomenally coarse , and on 29 , they 're ... . they 're much finer , which should be ideal for chemical analysis . Oh , wow . Did everybody hear that ? Mark just discovered dirt . Should we alert the media ? It 's alright . What 're you doing today , Martinez ? Making sure that the MAV is still upright . Well , I like you know that visual inspection of the equipment is imperative to mission success . I also like to report that the MAV is still upright . Watney , you 're keep leaving your channel open , which leads to Martinez responding , which leads to all our listening , which leads to me being annoyed . Roger that . Martinez , the captain would like you to please ... shut your smart mouth . We prefer to use a different adjective to describe Martinez 's mouth . - Oh , did Beck just insult me ? - Dr. Beck , and , yes . I 'll be happy to turn the radios off from here , commander . Just say the word . Hey , Johanssen . Constant communication is the whole ... Shut him off . Apologise for my countrymen , Vogel . Accepted . How many samples do we need , commander . 7 , a hundred grams each . [ EMERGENCY ] MISSION STATUS UPDATE We have a mission update . Storm warning . Commander , you should come inside . You 're going to want to see this . - What is it ? - Storm warning . I saw that in this morning 's briefing . We 'll be inside before it hits . Yeah . They-They upgraded their estimate . The storm is going to be a lot worse . Martinez , how 's it look ? Not good . 1200 km in diameter bearing 24.41 degrees That 's trekking right towards us . Base on current estimation , estimated force of 8600 Newtons . - What 's the abort force . - 7500 . Anything more than that and the MAV will tip . - Do we scrub . - Begin abort procedure . We are estimating where the marginal error would be ... could we wait it out ? Let 's wait it out . Let 's wait it out . Commander . Prep emergency departure . - Commander . - We 're scrubbed , that 's an order . Martinez , how long before take off ? 10 minutes . Visibility is almost zero . Anyone gets lost , home in on my suit 's telemetry . - You ready ? - Ready ! - Commander , are you okay ? - I 'm okay . Commander , we 're at 10 degrees , and the MAV 's going to tip at 12.3 Hey ! We might be able to keep the MAV from tipping . How ? Use the cables from the solar farm as guylines ! Anchor it with a Rover ! Watch out ! Aahhhhh ! Watney ! WARNING SUIT BREACH DETECTED . - What happened ? - He was hit . Watney , report . Before we lose telemetry , his decompression alarm went off . - Johanssen , where did you last see him ? - He 's offline . - I can 't , I don 't know where he is . - What are the vitals on his suit . - He 's offline . He 's offline . - Negative . Complete lost of signal on Watney . - Mitch ? - Yeah . How long can he survive decompression ? Less than a minute . Line up . Walk west . He maybe prone , we don 't want to step over him . Commander , we 're at 10.5 degrees , tilting to 11 . We got a gust of wind . Copy that . Everyone , home in on Martinez 's suit . It 'll get you to the airlock . Get in , prep for launch . What about you , commander ? I 'm going to search a little longer . Keep moving . Go ! Watney . Watney , report . The MAV is at 11.6 degrees . Once good gust and we 're tipping . If it tips , you launch . You really think I 'm going to leave you behind ? That 's an order , Martinez . Mark ! Mark . Can you hear me ? Martinez , what about the proximity radar ? Could that detect , Watney 's suit . Uh . It 's made to see the Hermes in orbit , not a little piece of metal put in a single suit . - Give it a try . - Roger . What is she thinking ? She knows the infrared can 't get through a sand storm . She is grasping for anything . We got negative contact on the proximity radar . - Nothing ? - Nah . I can barely see the Hab . Commander , I know you don 't want to hear this but ... Mark is dead . Commander . Hey . What the hell is wrong with you , man ? My friend just died , I don 't want my commander to die too . [ STABILITY WARNING ] - 11.2 degrees WE 'LL COME BACK ! Commander , you need to get back to the ship , now . 13 degrees . If we past balance , we 'll never rock back . I got one more trick left , and then I 'm following orders , commander . You 're firing the OMS ? That 's right . Commander ! On my way . [ - 12.9 degree - 12.9 ] Johanssen , let 's go . Mark . We 're 11.5 and holding . Ready to go on your command . Ready to launch . Commander . I need you to verbally tell me whether or not to . Launch . At around 4 : 30 AM , central standard time , our satellites detected a storm approaching the Ares 3 mission site on Mars . At 6 : 45 , the storm has escalated to severe and we have no choice but to abort the mission . Thanks to the quick action of Captain Lewis , astronaut Beck , Johanssen , Martinez and Vogel were all able to reach the Mars ascend vehicle . And performed an emergency launch at 7 : 28 central time . Unfortunately during the evacuation , astronaut Mark Watney was struck by debris and killed . Commander Lewis and the rest of her team were able to intercept safety with the Hermes and now are heading home . But Mark Watney , is dead . - Mr. Sanders . - Mr. Sanders . - Mr. Sanders . - Mr. Sanders ! OXYGEN LEVEL : CRITICAL OXYGEN LEVEL : CRITICAL OXYGEN LEVEL : CRITI ... PRESSURE : STABLE Okay . - Okay . [ MISSON DAY : SOL 19 ] Hello , this is Mark Watney , astronaut . I 'm entering this log for the record , because , in case I don 't make it . It is 06 : 53 on Sol 19 , and I 'm alive . Obviously . But ... I 'm guessing that 's going to come as a surprise to my crew mates and to NASA . And to the entire world , really . So ... Surprise . I did not die on Sol 18 and best I can figure . This length of our primary communication antenna broke off and threw it through my bio-monitor . and ripped a hole in me as well . But the antenna and the blood really managed to seal the breach in my suit which kept me alive , even though the crew must have thought I was dead . I have no way to contact NASA . And even if I could , it 's going to be ... 4 years until a manned mission can reach me . And I 'm in a Hab designed to last 31 days . If the oxygenator breaks , I 'm going to suffocate . If the water reclaimer breaks , I 'll die of thirst . If the Hab breaches , I 'm just kind of ... implode . And if by some miracle none of that happens , eventually I 'm going to run out of food . So . Yeah . Yeah . [ hab ] I 'm not going to die here . SOL 21 32 . 33 . 34 . 35 , 36 . Sweet Sour chicken . [ VAC FLUSH ] - Alright . Let 's do the math . [ SOL 21 ] Our service mission here was suppose to last for 31 Sols . For redundancy they sent 68 Sols worth of food , that 's for 6 people . So for just me , that 's going to last 300 Sols . Which I figure I could stretch to 400 if I ration . So ... I got to figure out a way , to grow 3 years worth of food here . On a planet where nothing grows . Luckily . I 'm a botanist . And Mars , will come to fear my botany powers . ORGANIC WASTE BIOHAZARD HUMAN - WASTE [ M. WATNEY ] SOL 22 PRESSURE : STABLE Staple came out . SOL 24 Fuck you , Mars . SOL 31 Johanssen , Jesus . SOL 36 The problem is water . I have created 126 square meters of soil . And every cubic meter of soil requires 48 liters of water to be farm with . So , I 'm got to make a lot more water . Good thing is that I know the recipe . - You take hydrogen , you add oxygen , you burn them . [ SOL 37 ] Now , I have hundreds of liters of unused hydrazine at the MDV . I run the hydrazine around an iridium catalyst It will separate into N2 and H2 . And if I just direct the hydrogen into a small area and burn it , likely remake history of humanity . Nothing bad has ever happened from lighting hydrogen on fire . NASA hates fire because of the whole , fire makes everybody die in space thing . So , everything they sent us up here with is flame retardant , with ... the notable exception of ... Martinez 's personal items . I 'm sorry , Martinez , if you didn 't want me to go through your stuff , you shouldn 't left me for dead on a desolate planet . By the way , I 'm figuring you 're going to be fine with this , given my present situation . Counting on you . - So , yeah . I blew myself up . [ SOL 41 ] - Best guess . [ Sol 41 ] I forgot to ... account for the excess oxygen that ... I 've been exhaling when I did my calculations , because I 'm stupid . Yeah , I 'm going to get back to work here , just as soon as my ear stop ringing . Interesting side note , this is actually how the jet propulsion lab was founded 5 guys at Caltec , trying to make rocket fuel and they nearly burned down their dorm . And rather than expel them , banished them to a nearby farm tell them to keep working . And then we have a space program . Okay . [ SOL 44 ] [ SOL 45 ] [ SOL 46 ] SOL 48 SOL 54 Hey , there . The nation was blessed , to have Mark serving in our space program . While his lost will be deeply felt , the men and women of NASA will soldier forth , onward and upward , in the mission of their agency . By doing so they honor the legacy Mark 's leaving behind . To ensure his sacrifice will not be in vain . VINCENT KAPOOR DIRECTOR OF MARS MISSIONS , NASA I thought you gave a lovely speech , by the way . - I need you to authorize my satellite time . - It 's not going to happen . We 're funded for 5 ARES missions . I think I can get congress to authorize a 6th . Look , ARES 3 evac 'd after 18 Sols . There 's-There 's half a mission worth of supplies up there . I can sell it at a fraction of the cost of a normal mission . And all I have to know is , what 's left of our asserts . You 're not the only one who needs satellite time . We got the ARES 4 supply missions coming up . We should be focusing on the Schiaparelli crater . Okay , we got 12 satellites up there , surely we can spare a few hours . It 's not about satellite time , Vince . We 're a public domain organization . - We need to be transparent on this . - Okay . The second we point the satellites to the Hab , I broadcast pictures of Mark Watney 's dead body to the world . You 're afraid of a PR problem ? Of course I 'm afraid of a PR problem . Another mission ? Congress won 't reimburse us for a paper clip if I put a dead astronaut out on the front page of the Washington Post . He 's not going anywhere , Teddy . I mean , he 's not ... he 's not going to decompose . You know , he 's going to be up there forever . Meteorology estimates that he 'll be covered in sand from normal weather activity within a year . We can 't wait a year , we got work to do . ARES 5 won 't even launch for 5 years , we 've plenty of time . Okay . Okay . Okay , consider this . Right now , the world is on our side . Sympathy for the Watney family . ARES 6 can bring his body home Now . We don 't say that 's the purpose of the mission , but we make it clear that would be a part of it . If we frame it that way . More support from congress , but not if we wait a year . We wait a year nobody gives a shit . MISSION CONTROL , NASA JOHNSON SPACE CENTER , HOUSTON , TEXAS 01 : 30 AM MINDY PARK SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS , NASA INCOMING : VINCENT KAPOOR MESSAGE RECEIVED Vincent Kapoor . CHECK THESE COORDINATES : LAT : 46 ° 42 ' 0 " LON : 22 ° 0 ' 0 " ACIDALIA PLANITIA SOL 54 SOL 18 SOL 18 SOL 54 What ? Hi , security . This is Mindy Park in SatCom . I need the emergency contact for Vincent Kapoor . Yes , him . Yes , it 's an emergency . 02 : 30 AM - How sure ? - A 100 % You got to be shitting me ? Prove it to me . For a start . Solar panels have been cleaned . They could 've been cleaned by wind . Back it up . Look at Rover 2 . According to the logs , Command Lewis took it out , Sol 17 , plugged it into the Hab to recharge . It 's been moved . She could have forgotten to log the move . No . Not likely . Why don 't we just ask Lewis . Let 's get on CAPCOM and ask her directly right now . No , no . If Watney is really alive , we don 't want the ARES 3 crew to know . How-How can you not tell them ? They have another 10 months on their trip home . Space travel is dangerous , they need to be alert and undistracted . But , they already think he 's dead . And they 'd be devastated to find out they left him there alive . I 'm sorry but you have not thought this through . I mean , what - what are we going to say ? Dear America , remember that astronaut we killed and had a really nice funeral for ? Turns out he 's alive , and we left him on Mars . Our bad , sincerely NASA . I mean , do you realise the shit storm that 's about to hit us ? How 're we going to handle the public . Legally , we have 24 hours to release these pictures . We release a statement with them . We don 't want people working it out on their own . Yes , sir . Look , if my math is right , he 's going to starve to death long before we can help him . You can 't imagine what he is going through up there . I mean , he 's 50 million miles away from home . He thinks he 's totally alone . He thinks we gave up on him . And what does that do to a man , psychologically ? What the hell is he thinking right now ? [ SOL 54 ] I 'm definitely going to die out here . If I have to listen to anymore goth hop disco music . My god , Commander Lewis , couldn 't you have packed anything from this century ? No , I 'm not . I 'm not going to turn the beat around . I refuse to . What attempts have been made to make contact with Mark Watney ? We 're working on it . Does he have enough supplies to survive ? We 'll be looking into that . What does this say about the agency ? Are you going to resign ? No . Dr. Sanders ... SOL 70 It 's time to start thinking long term . The next NASA mission is ARES 4 and it 's suppose to land at Schiaparelli crater , 3200 km away . 32 hundred kilometers . In 4 years , when the next ARES crew arrives , I 'll have to be there . Which means I have to get to the crater . Okay , so here 's the rub . I 've got 1 working Rover , designed to go a max distance 35 km . Before the battery has to be recharge at the Hab . That 's problem A. Problem B , is this journey is going to take me roughly 50 days to complete . So , I got to live for 50 days inside a Rover with marginal life support , the size of a small van . - So . [ SOL 71 ] In the face of overwhelming odds , I 'm left with only 1 option . I 'm going to have to science the shit out of this . [ SOL 74 ] Okay . So , a success . I 've double battery life , by scavenging Rove 1 . But , if I use the heater , I will burn through half of my battery every day . If I do not use my heater , I will be ... slowly killed by the laws of Thermodynamics . I would love to solve this problem right now , but ... unfortunately , my balls are frozen . I can 't . I 'm calling it . I 'm calling it . Good news , I may have a solution to my heating problem . Bad news , it involves me digging up the radioisotope thermoelectric generator . Now , if I remember my training correctly , One of the lessons was titled : Don 't dig up the big box of plutonium , Mark . I get it , RTGs are good for spacecraft , But if they rupture around humans , no more gamelies . Which is why buried it when we arrived . And planted that flag , so we can never be stupid enough to accidentally go near it again . But , as long as I don 't break it , Elmo did said ' Everything will be fine . ' , out loud . Look , the point is , I 'm not cold anymore . And sure , I could choose to think about the fact that I 'm ... warm because I have a decaying radioactive isotope riding right behind me , But right now I got bigger problems on my hands . I 've showered every single data file on Commander Lewis personal drive . This is officially the least disco song she owns . [ SOL 76 ] Where is Watney going ? Well , we think he is preparing for a journey . He 's been conducting equal amount of test . Taking the Rover 2 out for longer and longer trips each time . To what end ? Why would he leave relative safety of the Hab ? Well , we think he plans to travel to the Ares 4 launch site in order to make contact with us , but it would be a dangerous gamble . But , if we could talk to him , we would tell him to stay put And to trust that we 're doing everything in our power to bring him home alive . Thank you very much . Don 't say 'Bring him home alive ' , Vincent . You know what , these interviews aren 't easy . God forbid , I try to say something proactive and positive . Annie ! No more Vincent on TV . Copy that . 76 kilometers . Am I reading that right ? Are you asking me ? I am . Yes , sir . Mark drove 2 hours straight away from the Hab , Did a short EVA and then drove for another 2 . We think the EVA was to change batteries . He didn 't load up the oxygenator or the water reclaimer ? Every 41 hours , there is a 17 minute gap . It 's just the way the orbits works , so ... it 's possible that we missed something . I want that gap down to 4 minutes ? I 'm giving you total authority over satellite trajectories and orbital adjustments . Make it happen . Okay . Let 's assume Ms. Park didn 't miss anything , So , Mark is not going to Ares 4 , yet , But he 's smart enough to figure out that is his only chance . Bruce , what 's the earliest we can get a pre-supply there ? Well , with the positions of the Earth and Mars , - It 'll take 9 months . BRUCE NG Director , Jet Propulsion Laboratory And it 'll takes 6 months to build them in the first place . 3 months . 3 ? You 're going to say it 's impossible , and them I 'm going to make a speech about the abiding capabilities of the JPL team , And then you 're going to do the math in your head , And say something like , " The overtime alone would be a nightmare . " The overtime alone would be a nightmare . Get started . I 'll find you the money . - We need to tell the crew . MITCH Henderson , HERMES FLIGHT DIRECTOR , NASA - Mitch , we 've discussed this . - No , you discussed this . I 'm the one who decides what 's best for the crew . They deserve to know . Once there 's a real rescue plan , we 'll tell them . Otherwise , it 's moot . Bruce has 3 months to get the payload done . That 's all that matters right now . We will do our best . Mark dies if you don 't . SOL 79 It 's been 48 Sols since I planted the potatoes , so ... Now it 's time to reap and re-sow . They grew even better than I expected . I now have 400 healthy potato plants . I dug them up being careful to leave their plants alive . The smaller ones are reseed , the larger ones are my food supply . Are natural , organic , Martian grown potatoes . You don 't hear that everyday , do you ? And by the way , none of this matter at all If I can 't figure out a way to make contact with NASA . CHRYSE PLANITIA [ SOL 79 ] I know what I 'm going to do . Oh , he 's moving again . Where the hell is he going ? He hasn 't change course for 13 days . He 's no where near the Ares 4 . Problem is he 's not taking a direct route . I mean , he might be trying to avoid some obstacle . What obstacle ? It 's Acidalia Planitia . There is nothing out there except the ... What ? I need a map . Yeah . Hey . Come on , man . What 's are you doing ? It 's alright . It 's alright . Can I borrow this ? Okay . So , where 's the Hab location ? 31.2 ° north , 28.5 ° West . Okay . And , where is Watney ? Here . Okay , okay . Okay . I know where he 's going . I need to get on an airplane . [ SOL 94 ] JPL Jet Propulsion Laboratory Hi . Please follow me . The Jet Propulsion Laboratory PASADENA , California - How are you , Vincent ? - Bruce . Good flight ? Yeah . It 's in storage , just around the corner . Vincent , nice to see you . Nice to see you . What are the chances of Mark to get it working again ? It 's hard to say . We lost contact in 1997 . We think it was battery failure . But I like to point out , it last 3 times longer than we expected . Nobody is criticizing JPL 's work I just need to speak with everybody who was here in 97 . Don 't worry , they 're here . Guys . I would like to introduce , Vincent Kapoor , Director of the Mars missions , NASA . This is our current team , - and original project members . - How ya doing ? Alright ? - Is this the replica . - This is her . Okay . Let 's see it . Pathfinder . Pathfinder . SOL 109 Come on . Come on . Holy shit . Okay . Broadcasting Status . Listening for telemetry signal . Okay . Signal acquired . - Alright . - Okay . Camera . Incoming . Are you receiving me ? Yes . No . Okay . Point the camera , yes . 32 minutes round trip communication time . All he can do is ask , yes , no , questions . All we can do is to point the camera . This wasn 't exactly what we might have gone , - Are you kidding me ? - Tim . Tim . - Just point the camera . - Roger that . Pointing the camera . Yes ! Yes ! So , here 's the rub . [ SOL 109 ] Somehow , we have to have complex astrophysical engineering conversations . Using nothing but a still frame camera , from 1996 . Luckily The camera does spin . So , I can make an alphabet . It can 't be our alphabet . 26 characters plus a question card and a 360 gives us 13 degrees of arc . That 's way too narrow . I 'll never know where the camera is pointing at . Hexadecimal . Hexadecimal to the rescue . I figured one of you guys who kept an ASCII table lying around , I was right . Ladies and Gentlemen , I give you Super nerd , Beth Johanssen . Who also have copies of Zork II and Leather Goddesses of Phobos on her personal laptop . Seriously , Johanssen . Who thought this Miss Sonian of loneliness , Not that I 'm complaining . Yes ! Who am I to talk about loneliness ? I know where he 's going with this . Alright F , O. 7 , W. HOW ALIVE ? Vincent . Vincent . Wake up . I 'M OKAY IMPALED BY ANTENNA BIOMONITOR DESTROYED CREW HAD REASON TO THINK ME DEAD NOT THEIR FAULT Now that we can have more complicated conversations , The smart people at NASA have sent me instructions on how to hack a Rover so that it can talk to Pathfinder . If I hack , a tiny bit of code , just 20 instructions in the Rover 's operating system , NASA can link the Rover to Pathfinder 's broadcasting frequency and we 're in business . Mark , this is Vincent Kapoor . We 've been watching you since SOL54 . The whole world is rooting for you . Amazing job , getting Pathfinder . We 're working on rescue plans . Meantime , we 're putting together a supply mission to keep you fed until Ares 4 arrives . Glad to hear it . Okay . Glad to hear it . Really looking forward to not dying . - Oh . - Whoa . Yeah . How 's the crew ? How 's the crew ? What did they say when they found out I was alive ? RU receiving ? Mark . Guys , can we get some space , please . - Me ? - Yeah , you . Just give me a second . You should tell him . We haven 't told the crew you are alive yet . We need them to concentrate on the mission . ( What ? ) ( What the fuck ! ) ( What the fuck ! ) He says . They don 't know I 'm alive ? What the F word . F word in gerund form . F word again , what 's wrong with you ? Mark , please watch your language . Everything you type is being broadcast live all over the world . Yeah ? Oh , my God . Yes , sir . He 's under a tremendous amount of stress . I understand . We 're working on it . I 'm sure he didn 't mean what he said . Thank you , Mr. President . Problem is , Mark 's right . The longer we wait , The worse it 's going to get . We need to tell the crew . You 're bringing this up while Vincent is in Pasadena so he can 't argue the other side . I shouldn 't have to answer to Vincent . Or anyone else . It 's time , Teddy . THE HERMES 4 MONTHS SINCE MARS DEPARTURE Captain Lewis ? Go ahead . Data dump is almost complete . Copy that . On my way . You 're in a hurry . Yeah . My son turned 3 yesterday . Should be pictures of the party . Got a batch of personals . Dispatching them to your laptop now . I don 't mean to read , Vogel , weird German fetish e-mails . They 're telemetry updates . Hey , whatever does it for you , man . TO : ALL CREW VIDEO FILE : RECEIVED Oh , there 's a video message . It 's-It 's address to the whole crew . Play it . Come on , guys . I want to get in on that that telemetry action . Hi , hello . It 's Mitch , Mitch Henderson . I have some news . There 's no subtle way to put this . Mark Watney is still alive . Oh my God . I know that 's a surprise , I know you 'll have lots of questions , But here are the basics . He 's alive and he 's healthy . We ... We found out 2 months ago and ... decided not to tell you . - What ? - 2 months ? Oh my god . I was strongly against that decision . We are telling you now , because ... we finally have communication with him . and a viable rescue plan . We 'll get you a write up of what happened . A full write up of everything . But it 's not your fault . Mark stresses that everytime it comes up . So ... Yeah . Take some time to absorb this . And ... send all the questions you want , we 'll answer . Alright , Henderson out . Holy shit . He 's alive . I left him behind . - No . - No . We all left together . You were following orders . I left him behind . SOL 128 So , now that NASA can talk to me , they won 't shut up . They want constant updates on every Hab system , and they 've a room full of people trying to micromanage my crops . Which is awesome . Look , I mean , I don 't mean to sound arrogant or anything , But I am the greatest botanist on this planet , so ... Oh , one big bonus to this communication with NASA again is the e-mail , I 'm getting them again . A big data dump . It 's like when I was on the Hermes . I even got one from the President . The coolest one now . The coolest one I got was from the University of Chicago , where I Alma mater . They said that , once you grow crops somewhere , You officially " colonized " it . So , technically , I colonized Mars . In your face , Neil Armstrong . Oh , another news . There 's been a request for me to post for a photograph on my next transmission . I am trying to figure out whether I should go with high school senior , or ingenue . But , I 'm not really sure how it 's going to look with my spacesuit on . Yeahhh . What 's he doing ? I ask for a photo , and what , he 's the the Fonz ? Just be grateful we got you something , Annie . I can 't use this , Vincent , and you know that . I need a picture of his face . Well , I can tell him to take off his helmet , But then he , you know , die . So . We 'll release the photo and we 'll detail the rescue operation . I want to announce we 're launching some supplies to him next year during the Hohmann Transfer Window . Bruce , your team still on schedule ? It will be tight , but we 'll make it . 9 months travel time , that puts the probe to Mars on Sol 868 . Did we get the Botany team 's analysis ? Yeah . They estimate Mark 's crops will last till Sol 912 . They grudgingly admit that he 's-he 's doing a great work . Grudgingly ? Well , yeah . Mark has the tendency to tell them to have sex with themselves whenever they question one of his decisions . Get him online , Vincent . We can 't afford any miscommunication . I hate this margin . 912 Sols worth of food , we get there in 868 . That 's assuming nothing goes wrong . [ SOL 134 ] [ MALFUNCTION ] Aw ! Aww ! SUIT BREACH DETECTED OXYGEN LEVEL CRITICAL 14.0 % OXYGEN 13.5 % OXYGEN OXYGEN LEVEL : 10 % OXYGEN LEVEL : 5 % SUIT PRESSURE STABLE PRESSURE STABLE . GONE ! Gone , gone , gone , gone ! Crops are dead . Complete loss of pressure boiled off most of the water . Any bacteria that survived died in the subzero temperatures when exposed to Mar 's atmosphere . How long has he have ? Oh . He can still eat the potatoes he has , he just can 't grow anymore , so ... Give him ... 200 Sols . Rations give him to what ? Sol 409 ? So , with potatoes , 609 . So , by Sol 868 , he 'll be long dead . We 're going to have to launch as soon as possible , which changes our travel time . Yeah , we 're working on it . Preliminary estimates call for a 414 day trip . It 's Sol 135 now . We need 13 days to mount the boosters , perform inspections which gives Bruce and his team 47 days to make this probe . I 'll let you call Bruce . Give him the news . Okay . I 'm ... I 'm going to need a change of clothes . SOL 136 Dear Mark , Apparently , NASA 's letting us talk to you now . And I , drew the short straw . Sorry we left you behind on Mars , but we just don 't like you . Also , it 's a lot roomier on the Hermes without you . We have to take turns doing your tasks , but , I mean , it 's only botany . It 's ( not real science . ) Oh , Jesus . How 's Mars ? Dear Martinez , Mars is fine . I accidentally blew up the Hab , but unfortunately all of Commander Lewis' disco music still survived . but unfortunately all of Commander Lewis' disco music still survived . Every day I go outside and look at the vast horizons . Every day I go outside and look at the vast horizons . Just because I can . Just because I can . Tell the others I said hello . Will do , buddy . PRESSURE STABLE . 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 35 , 40 . 52 . JET PROPULSION LABORATORY PASADENA , CALIFORNIA Rich . Rich . Wake up . RICH PURNELL ASTRODYNAMICS Sorry , but they 're asking for the probe courses . What time is it ? It 's ... 03 : 42 I know we 're coming at this backwards , but we can 't commit to a firm launch date with so many unknowns . It 's alright . All 25 models for launch will take 414 days to reach the Mars . They varies slightly in thrust duration and fuel requirement isn 't nearly as identical . Not a good time to launch , is it ? Yeah . Earth and Mars are really badly positioned . Heck , it 'd almost be easier if you ... Almost easier to what ? I need more coffee . - Are you alright ? - It 's fine . Almost easier to what ? You do understand I 'm your boss , right ? Uh-huh . Let 's ask the very very expensive question . Is the probe going to be ready on time ? - We are behind . - Give me a number . 15 days . 15 days and I can get it done . Alright , let 's create 15 days . 13 days to mount the probe . Can we reduce ? It actually takes 3 days to mount the probe . And we can get it down to 2 , right ? I can get it down to 2 . 10 days are for tests and inspections . How often do those inspections reveal a problem ? Are you suggesting we don 't do the inspections ? Right now , I 'm asking how often they reveal a problem ? 1 in 20 . But that 's grounds for countdown halt . We can 't take that chance . Anyone else know a safer way to buy more time ? Dr. Keller , stretch Watney 's rations 4 more days . He 's not going to like it , but that will get us to 15 . - And we 'll cancel the inspections . - Teddy . - Sir , If that ever got out . - It 's on me . You got your 2 weeks . Get it done ! So , now , I have to hold out until the probe gets here with more food . You want to see what minimum calorie count looks like ? Standard issue ration . But instead of 3 of these every 1 day , I 'm now eating 1 of these every 3 days . And now they 've asked me ... to do that . [ SOL 154 ] The point is , stretch the rations 4 more days . These are real dick punch . I 'm ... I 'm going to dip this potato in some crashed vitacarn . And there 's nobody who can stop me . It has been 7 days since I ran out of ketchup . JET PROPULSION LABORATORY IRIS PROBE 4 WEEKS LATER Up . Up , up . Come up here . CAPE CANAVERAL IRIS PROBE LAUNCH This is the Flight Director = ( Flight ) . Begin launch status check . Roger that , Flight . Beginning launch status check . Do you believe in god , Vincent ? Yeah . Well . My father was a Hindu , My mother 's a Baptist , so , yeah . I believe in several . We 'll take all the help we can get . Launch status check complete . This is Flight . We are go for launch . Proceed with the count . 10 . 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , Main engines start . 4 , 3 , - 2 , - Ignition . 1 . Liftoff . Good thrust . Performance is normal . The payload is giving good data . She 's rock solid at this point , Flight . TVC looks good . - My god . - Yes ! - Yoo hoo ! - Yeah . We have an extra TDCS duration . We 're getting a little shimmy , Flight . Say again ? We 're getting a very large precession . Are we good ? Flight , it 's hitting the red line . Spinning on the long axis with a 17 ° precession . Launch , what 's happening ? Force on Iris is at 7 g 's . We 've lost the readings on the probe , Flight . - Oh . - Oh ! - Oh , Jesus Christ . - Jesus . We lost it , Flight . SatCon ? No satellite acquisition of signal . LOS . LOS here too . US Destroyer , Stockton , Reporting debris falling from the sky . Everyone in the LCC maintain your positions . GC . Lock the doors . HOW 'D THE LAUNCH GO ? HOW 'D THE LAUNCH GO ? WATNEY SOL 186 Commander Lewis , I may need you to do something for me . If I die , I need you to check in with my parents . They will want to hear all about our time here on Mars . I know that sucks , and it will be hard talking to a couple about their dead son . It 's a lot to ask . Which is why I 'm asking you . I 'm not giving up . I just need to prepare for every outcome . Please tell them . Tell them I love what I do , And I 'm really good at it . And I 'm dying for something big and beautiful , and greater than me . Tell them I said I can live with that . And tell them , thank for being my mom and dad . CNSA - CHINA NATIONAL SPACE ADMINISTRATION BEIJING We substituted protein cubes with the standard rations . The thrust of the launch combine with the simultaneous lateral vibration liquified the cubes and created an imbalance load . Vincent , why wasn 't this address from the inspection phase ? In order to make our launch window , we were forced to accelerate our schedule . Their astronaut is going to die from hunger . GUO MING CHIEF SCIENTIST , CNSA Of course . There are other ways . ZHU TOO DEPUTY CHIEF SCIENTIST , CNSA Our engineers have ran the numbers of the Taiyang Shen 's boosters . It has the fuel capacity to reach Mars orbit . Why didn 't NASA approach us ? Because they don 't know . Our data is classified information . That 's to say . If we do nothing ... The world will never knew , actually we could have helped . So . For the sake of argument , let 's say we decided to help them . We give them the boosters , that means the cancellation of Taiyang Shen 's program . Then let us , from Aerospace point of view , try to solve this problem . Find a way to cooperate . Yes . Yes , I understand . Thank you . Yes ! Alright ! Thanks to my uncle Tommy in China , We got another chance at this . Now we finished the Iris probe in 62 days , we 're now going to attempt to finish it in 28 . PLEIADES NASA ADVANCED SUPERCOMPUTER CALCULATIONS CORRECT We can jettison any kind of landing systems . We 're sending only rations . We can crash land on Mars . You should hang up the phone . - I 'm sorry , who are you ? - My name is Rich Purnell . I work in Astrodynamics , and you should hang up the phone , right now . Alright . Alright . I 'm going to call you back . I know how to save Mark Watney . Your probe plan won 't work . Too many things can go wrong . I got a better way . - Astrodynamics ? - Yeah . What the hell is Project Elrond ? I had to make something up . Yeah , but , Elrond ? Because it 's a secret meeting . How do you know that ? Why does Elrond mean secret meeting ? The Council of Elrond . It 's from the " Lord Of The Rings . " - It 's the meeting where they - The Lord Of The Rings . decide to destroy the One ring . If we are going to call something Project Elrond , I would like my codename to be Glorfindel . Okay . I hate everyone of you . Wait , Teddy doesn 't even know about this yet ? I 'm sorry . Who are you ? This is Rich Purnell , Astrodynamics . Tell them what you just told me . I can get the Hermes back to Mars by Sol 561 . How ? Would you stand right there for me , please ? Thanks . Right there , great . And could you , stand right there ? Right there . Okay . Let 's pretend that this stapler is the Hermes , And you are ... I 'm sorry . What 's your name again ? Teddy . I 'm the director of NASA . Cool . Teddy , you 're Earth . And right now , the Hermes is heading towards you , starting it 's month long deceleration intercept , but instead , what I 'm proposing is , It start accelerating immediately , to preserve and gain even more . We don 't intercept with Earth at all , but we come close enough ... to get a gravity assist and adjust course . While we 're doing that , - we resupply with the probe . - The Taiyang Shen . Pick up whatever provisions we need . And now we accelerating towards Mars . You 're Mars . Now , we are going too fast at this point to fall into orbit , but ... we can do a flyby . What good is a flyby if you can 't get Watney off the surface ? Watney would intercept using the MAV . Ow . And then they 'll just head home . I done the math . It checks out . - Rich . - Yes , sir . - Get out . - Alright . - Is he right ? - Yep . Bruce , what do you think ? Well , If Vincent say so . - We need to use the Taiyang Shen ? - Uh-huh . Wha-What am I missing ? Why is that important ? Because we can only do one . Send Watney enough food to last till Ares 4 , or send Hermes back to get him right now . Both plans require the Taiyang Shen . So , we have to choose . But , what about the Hermes ' crew ? It would be asking them , to add 533 extra days to their mission . And they wouldn 't hesitate , not for a second . Can the Hermes function for 533 days beyond the scheduled mission ? Should . Built to last the full Ares mission . So , technically , it 's only half way through it 's lifespan . - But , if something goes wrong . - Then , we lose the crew . So , what ? We , either have a high chance of killing 1 person , or low chance of killing 6 people . How do we make that decision ? We don 't have to make it , Bruce . He does . Yeah . But , bullshit . Should be Commander Lewis ' call . We still have a chance to bring 5 astronauts home safe and sound . I 'm not risking their lives . Let them make that decision . Mitch , we 're going with option 1 . You god damn coward . - Johanssen ? - Yeah . I know it 's your private time . Can I bother you for a second ? Yeah , go ahead . - Where are you ? - The gym . What 's up ? I just got an e-mail from my wife , and the subject line says , " our children . " My computer won 't open the attachment . Okay . Let 's take a look . Let 's see . This isn 't a jpeg . It 's a-It 's a plain ASCII text file . I don 't really know what we 're looking at . It 's ... That make any sense to you ? Rich Purnell maneuver . It 's a course maneuver for the Hermes . My god . The mission concludes with Earth intercept 211 days later . Would it work ? We ran the numbers . They checked out . It 's a brilliant course . So , why all the cloak and dagger ? Because it goes directly against NASA 's decision . Yeah . If we do the maneuver , they have to send the supply ship or we die . We have the opportunity to force their hand . So , are we going to do ? If it 's up to me , we 'll already be on our way . But it is , no , isn 't it ? Up to you ? Not this time . This is something NASA expressly rejected . We 're talking about mutiny here , which is not a word that I take lightly So , we do this together , or not at all . And , before you answer , consider the consequences . If we mess up the supply rendezvous , we die . If we mess up the Earth gravity assist , we die . If we do everything perfectly , We add 533 days to our mission . 533 more days , before we see our families again . 533 days of unplanned space travel where anything can go wrong . If it 's mission critical , we die . Sign me up . Alright , cowboy , slow down . You and I , we 're military . Chances are , we go home , they 'll court martial us . - Oh yeah , there 's that . - And for the rest of you guys , I guarantee they will never send you back up here again . Good . So , if we go for it , how would it work ? I 'll plot the course and execute it . Remote override . They can take over the Hermes from Mission Control . Can you disable it ? Hermes has 4 redundant flight computers , each connected to 3 redundant comm systems . We can 't shut down the comms , because we 'll lose telemetry and guidance . And we can 't shut down the computers , because we need to run the ship . I 'll have to disable remote override on each system . It 's part of the OS , I have to jump over the code . Okay , but like in English , like what would that mean ? I can do it . Great . But , it has to be unanimous . If we do this , it will be over 900 days of space . It 's more than enough space for 1 life , so ... Yes . I vote yes . Let 's go get him . Johanssen ? Yes . - Yeah . - Yeah ! Got an unscheduled status update from Hermes . Roger , read it out . Message reads : 'Houston , please be advised : Rich Purnell is a steely-eyed missile man . ' What ? Flight , Guidance . Hermes is off course . CAPCOM , advise Hermes they 're drifting . Guidance , get a correction ready . Negative , Flight . It 's not adrift . They adjusted course . What the hell ? Telemetry , any chance this is instrumentation failure ? Negative , Flight . Guidance , work out how long they can stay on this course before it 's irreversible ? Working on that now , Flight . Who 's Rich Purnell ? I don 't know . And somebody find out who the hell Rich Purnell is ! Annie will go before the media this morning and inform them of NASA 's decision to reroute the Hermes to Mars . Sounds like a smart move . Considering the circumstances . Whoever gave them the maneuver , only passed along information . The crew made the decision on their own . You may have killed them , Mitch . We 're fighting the same war . Every time something goes wrong , the world forgets why we fly . I 'm trying to keep us airborne . It 's bigger than 1 person . No . It 's not . When this is over , I 'll expect your resignation . I understand . Bring our astronauts home . SOL 219 Okay . Every Ares mission requires 3 years of pre-supplies . So NASA decided a long time ago it 's a lot easier to send some of this stuff beforehand rather than bring it with us . So , as a result , the MAV for Ares 4 is already there , at the Schiaparelli Crater , just waiting . So , the plan is for me to use that to go into orbit just as the Hermes is passing , And I guess they catch me in space . So , I 've got 200 Sols to figure out how to take everything here that keeping me alive : The oxygenator , the water reclaimer , the atmospheric regulator . Bring that all with me . And luckily I have the - the greatest minds on planet Earth , really , all of the brain power of the entire planet , helping me with this endeavor . And so far they 've come up with , " Hey , why don 't you drill holes in the roof of your Rover and hit it as hard as you can with a rock . " We 're going to get there . [ SOL 220 ] Identification . Goodbye Mars 533 days longer ? And you said yes to this ? He would have done the same for me . You know that . Cheese . Cheese . Cheese . He didn 't do cheese . Did he do cheese ? Hey , baby . - Hey . - I got something for you . I found it in a flea market . Original pressing . No . [ ABBA GREATEST HITS ] Not a scratch . I love it . With all due respect to your CNSA protocols , but-but we haven 't done things that way since-since ... Apollo 9 . - Did he get that ? - ( Do you understand ? ) 5 . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . Ignition . [ SOL 227 ] 7 MONTHS AFTER SOL 461 I 've thinking about laws on Mars . There 's an international treaty saying no country can lay claim to anything that is not on Earth . And by another treaty , if you 're not in any countries territory , Maritime law applies . So , Mars is " international waters . " Now , NASA is an American nonmilitary organization , it owns the hab . But , the second I walk outside , I 'm in international waters . So , here 's the cool part . I 'm about to leave for the Schiaparelli crater where I 'm going to commandeer the Ares 4 Lander . Nobody explicitly gave me permission to this , and they can 't until I 'm on board the Ares 4 . So , that means I 'm going to be taking over a craft over in international waters without permission . Which , by definition , makes me a pirate . - Mark Watney , space pirate . [ SOL 461 ] systems shutdown shutdown complete Space pirate . Wherever I go , I 'm the first . It 's a strange feeling . Step outside the Rover , first guy to be there . Climb that hill , first guy to do that . 4.5 billion years , nobody here . And now , me . I 'm the first person to be alone on an entire planet . How 's he doing ? So far so good . He 's ... sticking to schedule . Directs for 4 hours before noon , Lays the solar panels , waits 13 hours for them to recharge , and sleeps somewhere in there and then , starts again . How 's he doing ? He asked us to call him , Captain Longbeard . Well , technically , Mars would be under maritime laws . I know , I know . He explained it to us . Where is he ? - Here . - Okay . Here . Okay . SOL 494 SOL 517 Okay , we 're going to start by stating , for the record , that you 're not going to like this . Oh , yeah ? Yeah . The problem is the intercept velocity . The Hermes . Well , they , it can 't enter Mars orbit . Otherwise , they will never have enough fuel to , make it home . The MAV was only designed to get to low Mars orbit . So , in order for Mark to escape Mars gravity entirely , and to intercept the Hermes ... - He has to be going fast . - Exactly . Which means we need to make the MAV lighter . A lot lighter . 5000 kg lighter . But , you can do that , right ? Well , there 's some gimmes right off the bat . The design presumes 500 kg of Martian soil and samples . Obviously we won 't do that . And there 's just 1 passenger instead of 6 . With suits and gear , that 's another 500 ? Ditch the support of life . We don 't need it . And I 'm going to make Mark to wear his EVA suit for the whole trip . Wait a second ! If he 's in his EVA suit , How 's he going to operate the controls ? Well , he won 't . Martinez will pilot the MAV remotely from the Hermes . We 've never had a manned ship controlled remotely before . But I am excited about the opportunities that I forged . If we go remote , we can lose the control panels , the secondary , tertiary comm systems . Wait . Wait a second . You want to what ? You want to remotely controlled ascent with no backup comms ? He 's not even got to the bad stuff yet , Vincent . Well , let 's get to the bad stuff ! We need to remove the nose airlock , the windows and Hull Panel 19 . You want to take the front of the ship off ? Sure . The nose airlock alone is 400 kg . You want to send a man into space without the front of his ship ? Well , no . We 're going to have him cover it with Hab canvas . The hull 's mostly there to keep the air . Mars atmosphere is so thin , you don 't need a lot of streamlining . By the time the ship 's going fast enough for air resistance to matter , it 'll be high enough that there 's practically no air . You want to send him into space under a tarp . Yes . Can I go on ? No . Are you f---ing kidding me ? You think he means it like , Are you kidding me ? - You know ? - Um-hum . Or like , " Are you kidding me ? " I think it might be the second one . - Really ? - Uh-huh . Could be the first one . Are you kidding me ? Yeah , it could be the first one . SOL 538 SCHIAPARELLI CRATER Ares 4 LANDING SITE I know what they are doing . I know exactly what they are doing . 'Cause they 're keep repeating , Go faster than any man in the history of space travel . Like that 's a good thing . Like it would distract me from how insane their plan is . Yeah . I get to go faster than any man in the history of space travel . Because you 're launching me in a convertible . Actually , it 's worse than that , because I won 't be able to control that thing . And by the way , physicists , when describing things like acceleration , do not use the word ' fast ' . So ... They 're doing that , in the hopes that I won 't raise any objections . It 's a lunacy . You think , because I like the way , 'The fastest man in the history of space travel . ' sounds . I do like the way it sounds . Yeah , I like it a lot . I 'm not going to tell them that . Okay . Let 's do this . Come on . [ EJECT ] [ EJECT ] ( 400 kg nose airlock ? ) Beck and Vogel . I want you guys in airlock 2 . With the outer door open before the MAV even launches . Okay . Martinez flies the MAV , Johanssen sysop the ascent . Once we hit intercept , it 's Beck 's job to go get Watney . We 're ready . What 's the intercept plan ? We finished attaching the tethers into 1 long line It 's 214 meters long . And I 'll have the MMU , so moving around should be easy . How fast a relative velocity can you handle ? I can grab the MAV at 5 meters per second . Ten is like jumping onto a moving train . So , any more than that , I might miss . Well , we may have some leeway . The launch takes 12 minutes , and it will be 52 minutes before intercept . Once Mark 's engines shut off , we 'll know our intercept point and velocity . Vogel , you 're Beck 's backup . Everything goes well , you pull them on board with the tether . If anything goes wrong , you go out after him . Yep . Okay . Let 's go get our boy . SOL 561 To whom it may concern , take care of this Rover . She saved my life . Watney . There 's a mood of tension and anxiety here , outside Johnson Space Center . As you can see , many people have gathered here , To see whether or not , the mission to retrieve Mark Watney will be a success . Remember , they had some kind of contact with him . but it hasn 't been very much . We have to remind our viewers that we 're watching this as it unfolds and we 'll try to keep you up to date as to what exactly is going on . Let 's listen in to NASA , making contact with Mark Watney . Let 's listen in . If something goes wrong , What can Mission Control do ? Not a damn thing . It 's all happening 12 light minutes away , which means it takes 24 minutes for them to get the answer to any question they ask . Our launch is just 12 minutes , so ... They 're on their own . CNSA HEADQUARTERS BEIJING Today , people have gathered in front of the TVs in Beijing and all over the world , watching attentively at the rescue mission which have caught the attention of the whole world . This rescue made possible , is due to China NSA 's selfless ... . TRAFALGAR SQUARE LONDON Mark has been completely alone on Mars . According to psychology expert , they said ... Fuel pressure green . Engine alignment perfect . Communications 5 by 5 . We are ready for preflight checklist , Commander . Mission Control , this is Hermes Actual . We will proceed on schedule . We are T minus 2 min 10 sec to launch , by the mark . About 2 minutes , Watney . How are you doing down there ? I 'm good . I 'm anxious to get up to you . Thanks for coming back for me . Yeah . We 're on it . Remember , you 'll be pulling some serious g 's . So , it 's okay to pass out . You 're in Martinez 's hands now . Well . Tell that asshole no barrel rolls . Copy that , MAV . CAPCOM . Go . Remote Command . Go . Recovery . Go . Secondary recovery . Go . Pilot . Go . Pilot . Go . Copy . We 're a go . Mission Control . We are go for launch . T minus 10 , - 9 . - Main engine start . 8 . 7 . Mooring clamps released . About 5 seconds , Watney . Hang on . See you in a few , Commander . 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . Velocity , 741 meters per second . Altitude , 1350 meters . It 's too low . I know . It 's fighting me . Watney , do you read ? Booster separation complete . Velocity , 850 . Altitude , 1843 . He 's way below target altitude . How-How far below ? Checking . Watney , do you read ? He 's probably passed out He pulled 12 g 's on the ascent . Give him a few minutes . Copy that . Main shutdown in 3 , 2 , 1 . Shutdown . Back to automatic guidance . Shutdown confirmed . Fuel reserve depleted . Watney , do you read ? There seems to be some sort of problem with the transmission . I have interval pings . Intercept velocity will be 11 meters per second . I can make that work . Distance at intercept will be ... We 'll be 68 km apart . 68 km ? Did she just say 68 km ? Come on , guys , keep it together . Work the problem . Johanssen , time to intercept ? 39 minutes 12 seconds . Martinez , what if we point our thrusters in the same direction ? Well , it depends on how much fuel you want to save for the altitude adjustments for the trip home . How much do you need ? I can get by with about 20 % of what we have left . If we use 75.5 % of remaining altitude adjustment fuel , That 'll bring the intercept range to zero . Do this . Hang on . It brings the range to zero , but the intercept velocity will be 42 meters per second . And it 's way too fast . Then , we have 39 minutes to figure out how to slow down . Martinez , burn the jets . Copy that . Mav to Hermes . Watney ? Affirmative . What 's your status ? My chest hurts . I have broken my ribs . How are you ? We 're working on getting to you . There was a complication during the launch . Copy that . Well , how bad is it ? Well , we corrected the intercept range , but we got a problem with intercept velocity . How big a problem ? 42 meters per second . Well , shit . Commander , I have an idea . Go ahead , Mark . Well , If I can find something sharp in here and poke a hole in the glove of my EVA suit . I could use the escaping air as a thruster and fly towards you . It would be easy to control , because it would be on my arm . I can 't see you having any control if you did that . You 'd be eyeballing the intercept using a thrust vector you can barely controls Yes . Yes . Those are all very good points . But , consider this : I 'd get to fly around like Iron Man . Commander , let 's go Iron Man . This is unexpected , LOS . Communication lost . Standby . Maybe it 's not the worst idea . No , it is the worst idea . It 's the worst idea ever . Not what he said . Using atmosphere as thrust . What happens if we blow the VAL ? What ? You want to open the vehicular airlock ? It 'd give us a good kick . Yeah , but it will also blow the nose off the ship . And all the air will leave , and we need air to not die . We 'll seal the bridge and the reactor room . Everywhere else will go vacuo . Vogel . Go ahead , Commander . I need you to come inside and make a ... bomb . Uh . Again , Commander ? You 're a chemist . Can you make a bomb with what you have on board ? Probably . But I feel obliged to mention that setting off an explosive device in a spacecraft is a terrible terrible idea . Hang on . You guys making a bomb without me ? Copy that . Can you do it ? Yeah . Houston . Be advised we 're going to deliberately breach the VAL - to produce some reverse thrust . - What ? Beck , leave your suit on , meet Johanssen in airlock 1 . We 'll open the outer door . I need you to place the charge on the inner door . Climb back to airlock 2 along the hull . Copy . I 'm on my way . I 'm in , Commander . Copy that . Vogel , where are you ? - I 'm in the kitchen . - Okay . Commander , I can 't let you go through with this . I am prepared to cut the suit . Absolutely not . Well , see . The thing is , I 'm selfish . I want all the memorials back home to be about me . Just me . I should have left this guy on Mars . Hey . - Sugar ? - Yeah . Can you hold this ? Liquid oxygen . Add some stain remover that contains ammonia . This thing here , is 5 times stronger than a stick of dynamite . How do we activate it ? You can connect this to one of your lighting panels . Careful . Open airlock 1 . I 'm on the way to Beck . I just hope this is a good idea , guys . - It is . - Open A1 . Hi . You have it ? Make sure you 're not in here when this thing goes off . Hey . Be Careful out there . In space . Don 't tell anyone I did that . Bomb set . Leaving airlock 1 . Guys , I 'm running the numbers , even with optimum VAL blow , We 're going to be off on our angle . What 's the intercept distance ? Johanssen ? 260 meters to approximate . It 's too far . Commander ? Martinez , close the door . Open D3 . Leave it open . Open B2 . Johanssen , Time to VAL blow after initiate ? 15 seconds . We sure know how to cut it close . Commander . The distance is too far , I 'm going out . - I can do this . - It 's not a debate . I 'm not risking another crew member . Beck 's returned . Johanssen , initiate the bomb . 10 seconds . Strap in . 5 . 4 . 3 . - Deceleration ! - 2 , 1 . Activating the panel 41 . Bridge seal holding . - What 's the damage ? - Worry about that later . What 's the relative velocity ? 12 meters per second . Copy . Hook me up . Done . I 've visual of the MAV . What 's the intercept range ? I 'm checking . 312 meters . Did you say 312 ? Okay . I 'll wave at you guys as I go by . Oh . I can 't get to you , Mark . You 're too far . - I 'm not going to make it - I know . Beck , unhook me . I 'm going after him . Commander , I got this . Mark , report . On my way , Commander . Damn it . Johanssen , what 's my relative velocity to Mark ? 5.2 meters per second . Copy . Adjusting course . 3.1 meters per second . Distance to target 24 meters . 11 meters to target . 6 meters . Hold on , Mark . Come on . I got him ! I got him . I got him . Way to go , Iron Man . Beck , pull us in . It 's good to see you . You ... have ... terrible taste in music . Houston , this is Hermes Actual . We got him . YEAH ! Watney is secure . YES ! YES ! YES ! Contact in outer space , with Mark Watney . After a very long time , they have done what many people thought was impossible . Mark Watney has been successfully rescued . Mark Watney has been rescued . This has been an incredible mission . Get a hold of him . Hey-Hey , handsome . Beck , close the hatch . Hey , guys ! Houston , 6 crews safely aboard . This is a huge moment for this nation , for the world and , in deed , for international space travel . - Hey . - Hey . Oh god ! There 's a little sloth going on over there , man . I know . I haven 't had a shower for a year and a half . Don 't make me laugh . I have a broken rib . Hey , there . Good day , sir . - It 's an honor , sir . - Sir . - Sir . - Sir . Good morning , sir . DAY 1 Welcome to the Astronaut Candidate Program . Now pay attention , because this could save your life . Trust me . I know what I 'm talking about . Alright . Let me get a few things out of the way , right off the bat . Yes , I did in fact survive on a deserted planet by farming in my own shit . Yes , it 's actually worse than it sound . So , let 's not talk about that ever again . The other question I get most frequently is . When I was up there stranded by myself , Did I think I was going to die ? Yes , absolutely . And that 's when you need to know going in , because it 's going to happen to you . This is space . It does not cooperate . At some point , everything 's going to go south on you . Everything 's going to go south and you 're going to say " This is it . " That is how I end . Now you can either accept that , or you can get to work . That 's all it is . You just begin . You do the math . You solve one problem and you solve the next one , and then the next . And If you solve enough problems , you get to come home . Alright . Questions ? Once Mission Control complete their preflight checks , we 'll begin launch procedures . The Ares 5 team will rendezvous with the Hermes approximately 48 minutes after launch . From there , they 'll have 414 days of space travel ahead of them . Have the goals changed from the previous mission to the Ares 5 program ? And what do you hope to achieve this time around ? Well , no . The goals has always been the same for the Ares Program . This time , of course we hope to bring all the astronauts back at the same time . - Flight , Guidance check complete . - Copy , Guidance . This is Flight . We are go for launch on schedule . Final Aerial Service Check are complete . As everything remains a go . for the launch of the Ares 5 . 20 seconds . Proceeding with the count . T minus 10 . 9 . Main engine start . 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . And liftoff . As the crew of the Ares 5 begin the next chapter of America 's space exploration . Pressure look good . Woo ! Wow , good shot . There it is . 5 years after the rescue of astronaut Mark Watney , the Ares 5 is on it 's way to Mars .
