 Previously on the expanse . That distress call we never received , It was logged with hq . By some anonymous do-gooder aboard this ship . Holden , put a shuttle team together . Some dock-jock was slobbering all over her While she was prepping to ship out . She planted him in the deck . Every time we demand to be heard , They hold back our water , ration our air , Until we do as we 're told . This must be the beacon that called us . Somebody planted it . Canterbury , burn like hell , you 've got incoming ! How long can he hold on ? We 're losing him ! If we don 't get that radio back , we all die ... Today . This beacon we answered isn 't pirate tech ... It 's top-grade military stuff . What are you doing ? Buying us insurance . My name is james holden . Heaven help us all If mars and the belt decide to share a toothbrush . The cold war is over , this is something new . My name is james holden , Speaking for the five survivors of the canterbury . Our ship was destroyed answering a bogus sos from a ship called the scopuli . We recovered a false beacon and identified it as martian naval technology . It was a trap . Naomi nagata , alex kamal , shed garvey , amos burton ... a representative from the pur kleen corporation Has confirmed that the freighter canterbury Was bound for ceres station with a ... We are about to be taken aboard the mcrn donnager . ... Power when it diverted course To answer a distress call from the scopuli , A light freighter operating under a belt contract with tyco engineering . ... Action will only confirm that the canterbury was destroyed by mars . We 're dead anyway . Have fun . Stay calm and everything will be okay . No , no . Like this . Stay calm , Unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke ? Stay calm ... Hands big , And when you talk , in and before is weak . Okay , um ... Stay calm . Unte kowlting gut ... No . Stay calm , Unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke ? Okay . Stay calm . Unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke . Better . Every time better ! i have a good teacher . Oh , i 'm sorry . I have to go . Hey , uh , Why don 't you stay off the streets today , okay ? It could get dangerous out there . Maybe you , too , earther . Everybody 's been pissed about the extended water rations . Losing the canterbury is just going to make that worse . Radicals are going to try to exploit the situation . You can 't blame them . Mars practically declared war on the belt . Our sole concern Is the safe and peaceful operation Of this station . Star helix ... Hmm , nice breakfast ? ... Will maintain order . Opa roundup ? Fine by me . There will be no pre-emptive arrests of any opa members . They 're legal residents of the belt . We 're an earth corp . We will remain impartial . These are your sector assignments , your team leaders . You bust any heads and i 'll bust yours . Dismissed . That 's a great speech . Captain , captain . Muss is your team leader , miller . I don 't want to hear it . That 's not what i ... Really ? She 's the only one you listen to . Don 't sit . You 're not staying . Juliette mao . That 's not important right now . Oh , no . It 's important . Now . The scopuli is the ship that that holden guy got scooped up trying to save ? Well , julie mao was on it . I checked the logs ... All her shipmates were crewed up out of the same dockworkers local , Right here on ceres . I mean , opa ... Good riddance to them all . This was a favor . She 's not on ceres . So i 'll run that up the line and then daddy warbucks Can bother some other station chief that he thinks he owns . You know , the opa has probably heard that i 'm looking for one of their own by now . If we just let it go ... Just file the report , close the case , enjoy your tax-free bonus . All right , let 's go . Hey , go ahead , destroy the evidence , The word 's already out . Keep your mouths shut , now move . If we 're prisoners , we have the right to legal counsel ... Hey ! Get off me ! Hey , come on ! Hey , amos ! Put him down ! Amos ! Amos ! Just ... Can you just take it easy ? Now what ? Easy , fellas . He 's coming with us . What ? Alex ! Alex ! hey ! Where are you taking him ? We 're going to die . Why would mars blow up an ice freighter ? It makes no sense ... Why would mars blow up an ice freighter ? They 're trying to destabilize ceres . That idiot governor of ours is weak . Belters get thirsty , opa fans the flames , And mars gets the excuse They 've always wanted to sweep in and " pacify " the station . This is a security issue . The secretary general has to make a strong response . Like what ? Like redeploy the fleet . Which will only inflame the situation . We don 't even know that the martians are behind this . We have the word of some ice-hauler named james holden . He was a naval officer . You saw his service record . He has no reason to lie . Ceres is our station . The key to the belt . With those resources , Mars could finally cut the cord to earth . You want a war with mars ? This will get you one . But it 's my soldiers who will end up dying for it . Well , the secretary general wants a plan of action , admiral . And it can 't be , " let 's just sit and wait . " Unless we have proof , That 's exactly what we should be doing . Fleet command will not support redeployment Unless we have proof . I seriously doubt the secretary general will want to override us on this . The admiral 's right . Until we know more , we sit tight and wait . Unfortunately , given the current tension levels , My embassy needs me back on mars Sooner than i 'd hoped . So , please tell them Some other time . Of course . Fifty bucks says i can beat you to the end of the concourse . Bubbles . Frank . I always just let you win . You need $ 50 ? I need a drink , is what i need . Have two . It 's past noon . How are you holding up ? Ah , this canterbury business . The martians won 't release any more intel , If they even have any , Which just leaves the u.N. Screaming in my ear For what i can 't give them , because i don 't have . So , for the moment , you 're completely useless And therefore have no excuse Not to come to my house this afternoon . Oh , i don 't know if i 'm any fun right now . You 're never fun . But craig is . That 's why i 'm inviting you . Arjun is making flan . In 40 years , you 've never taken a " no " from me . Mmm-hmm . So why should today be any different ? If it makes you feel better , You are the best at rolling over . See you later . Donchu for sympany . The inners hate us down to our brittle bones ... All right , that 's enough . Get outta here ! Our air . Our water . Move along . Enne loof belterloader . All right , you 're done here . Acqua belterloader . You can 't silence us . Belters won 't stand for this forever . Excuse me , sir . Do you like to laugh ? No . I like to laugh . Great ! Now i know what you 're thinking . Mormons aren 't funny . But we have a comedy night at the laugh shack once a week , And i 'd love to prove you wrong . Can i put your name on the list for tonight ? Back off . I can 't do it tonight , but i 'd really like to check it out . How about next week ? It would be my pleasure . And it will be yours ! All right ... " captain shaddid . " That 's great . I 'll be in touch next week to remind you . Now you stay on him , Because the captain tends to get kind of forgetful . Yeah , if you don 't hear back from me , just keep trying . Will do , brother . Hey , hey ! You 're not gonna do anything about that . Nah , you take it . He went that way . Oh , i see . So you 're only chivalrous Once i 've already got the guy in cuffs ? Hey , your dates are your own business , okay ? That 's nice , miller . Earthers and dusters would unite to destroy the belt . Now is the time to lock arms ... They blew up the canterbury ! Remember the cant ... Remember the cant ... All right , that 's enough free speech for today . Break it up . You heard the man . Go on ... Come on . You 'll have your day at market , welwala . Yeah ? See , i 'm looking forward to it . Come on . Let 's go . You 're in fine form today . Just doing my job , ma 'am . So do it . If shaddid wouldn 't shut down my cases . What are you talking about ? Well , let 's see , it can 't be any of the dead scumbags Or missing gangsters piling up on your desk , Because nobody gives a shit about them , Least of all you . The cute girl kidnap side-job ? See , to me it sounded more like a time-suck for some rich dirtsider . Why are you pouting ? You love it when they drop off the board . Yeah . I like it to be my idea . Cover for me , will ya ? Just for an hour . Sure , no problem . The broadcast must 've gotten out . They 've got to tread carefully . They 're gonna try to frame us . Think about it . All they need is one false confession . And i wonder who 'll crack first . Nice . Shut up . They 're listening . No other reason to let us talk . You . Five fathers , three mothers ? Me ? Yeah . Eight parents , one child . Yes . On a 22-acre farm in montana , North american trade zone , very expensive to maintain . You were a tax break ? That 's not the way they saw it . Did you know your true parents ? They were all my true parents . Full genetic mix . In which female did you gestate ? Well , mother elise had the widest hips . So ... Why would you destroy the canterbury ? What ? What are you talking about ? What did you do with alex ? You were a problem in the navy . Eight years ago . Aboard the unn zheng fei . You assaulted a superior officer . Not technically , he ducked my punch . I broke my hand on a bulkhead . You were dishonorably discharged . He ordered me to fire on a belter ship . It was a smuggler ... Who was smuggling people ! You had no way of knowing that at the time . But i was right ! Earth and mars Have been stepping on the necks of the belters Out here for over 100 years And i didn 't want to be the boot . So you decided to switch sides . I stopped playing . Out to saturn , get the ice , Back to ceres , out to saturn , get the ice , back to ceres , Out to saturn , get the ice , back to ceres , Out to saturn , stop at phoebe , get the ice . Phoebe ? We never stopped at phoebe , it 's a restricted station . Why did you nuke the canterbury ? How long have you known that naomi nagata is an opa operative ? What ? Two advanced degrees in fusion drive design . You never wondered why someone of such obvious intelligence Was wasting her life sealing cracks and fixing gauges On an ancient , crumbling ice hauler ? I never asked ... Based on the desperate condition of your shuttle , It clearly required extraordinary improvisational expertise For you and your crew members simply to survive , Let alone restore your antenna array . These are the hallmark skill sets of terrorists . Did naomi nagata effectuate those repairs ? It 's not impossible , is it ? Naomi 's not opa . I don 't believe you . You do now . All right , i want every box on this pier opened up And i want full manifests on everything that 's in ' em , all right ? We got reports there 's some dangerous contraband-type shit in here , okay . Hey , nobody leaves until we 're done , okay . Bring those ones down and open ' em . Star helix ! Open it up ! That bird , Him die to give you feather fo your chapeau ? I 'm pretty sure the bird was already dead , pal . Now him live trapped in earther hat ? I 'm not looking for a fashion debate , copain . You got no copain here , cop . I 'm looking for anderson dawes . Think he might be my friend ? He kinda runs things around here , right ? You might know about that . I don 't sasa nating . No ? Wouldn 't sasa that opa tat on your forearm there , either , Or is that just part of your plumage ? Why don 't you look around , see what you can find . Mmm , for me . We 're going to give the vineyard next door Half our gray water for eight cases of wine . Gray water into wine , wine into gray water . We 're gonna retire to mars and the mariner valley circle of life . Wait , This wine came from that vineyard ? Mmm-hmm . Please don 't tell me i 'm drinking your pee . Because it 's delicious . No , no . They 're working on the foundation , So they haven 't spliced our plumbing into the vineyard 's hydroponics yet . He wasn 't serious ! Of course . I warned chrisjen that i was a little preoccupied . You seem pretty relaxed , bub . Craig , i 've put new points on the darts . Game of cricket ? I have a steady hand . Excuse us . Sure . Our operatives caught an opa agent With martian stealth composites . Mars is working with the opa . No , no , no , no , no . It can 't be . Yes . We have proof . We think they 're making a move to take ceres . The secretary general is going to present the evidence tomorrow . Stealth ships are first strike weapons . That 's just not possible . We 'll have to redeploy our fleet to show strength , And that will make a bad situation worse . The martians wouldn 't do that . I think you love them too much . Hey ... Uh ... You know , i , uh ... I dated a martian once . Yeah , she was beautiful , smart ... And , uh ... I love how industrious martians are . I remember , her mother , she etched a trellis ... she etched a trellis on their air dome ... I bet those pretty tin suits bind up something awful in the crotch . Amos ! Are you okay ? Just dandy . I mean , all that fancy gear , and the one thing they don 't allow for is Scratching your junk . Yeah , i get jock itch , too , sometimes ... Pretty bad , actually . What i recommend to my patients is uvazole , It 's an antifungal cream ... And the best thing about it is if you put it under your tongue , It , uh , helps to relax you ... He doesn 't need ball cream , shed , Because he 's got no balls . The martian navy took that away from him when he joined up . Those tin suits are anatomically correct . You want me to put you down again ? Come on in . Try . Yes , sir . With pleasure . Alex . It 's good to see you . I think . You look very well-treated . Yeah , well ... I flew with the mars navy for 20 years Before i shipped off on the cant . Oh , so ... So you 're helping them ? Whoa , whoa , whoa there , chief . Settle down . They let me clean up out of respect . Respect ? Yeah . You see , i served And i was honorably discharged , Which is a hell of a lot more than i can say about you , cowboy . Yeah , they told me . They told me a lot a stuff . Made me realize , i don 't know a good goddamn about you . You honestly think that mars destroyed the canterbury ? Why would they do that ? How the hell should i know ? Then , think about it . That beacon we found ... That you found so easy ? What if it was planted ? What if it was meant to be found ? Planted by whom ? Who stands to gain ? Who stands to gain if earth and mars get into a throw down ? How well do any of us really know naomi ? Hey , hey ! Guys ! These men refused to top off our water tanks . We 'll die out there without it . So die . Mars killed the cant . Hey , hey , hey ! Back these guys up . You . You ! You takin their side , ke ? You stay there . Right there . All right , now . Kowmang ... Kowmang Gotta die sometime . how about now ? Give the martians their water . Milowda na animals . You have every right to be angry . You should be angry . But if we act like animals We only justify their belief that we are . Gif im fo imalowda xitim . Treat them the way they should treat us . I 'm anderson dawes . You wanted to talk ? I know all the star helix who work on the docks . Or used to . We don 't seem to be a priority right now . I could get some more of them down here if you want . This isn 't your beat . What do you want ? Oh , uh , juliette andromeda mao . She 's opa . And ? Her parents want her found . What you say her name was ? Julie . Julie mao . She any relation to jules-pierre mao ? Well , you crewed her up on a ship called the scopuli . You know , the one that mars used to kill the canterbury . That would explain your interest in her . How much are they paying you to find her ? I 'm not judging , I 'm just curious to know what your rate is , In case i need you to suit up for a different side . What side would that be ? An earth corp may pay your salary , But you were born here . Lived your whole life on ceres . I think that under that ridiculous hat There 's a belter yearning to find his way home . Patron saint of lost causes . I 'm all choked up . Have i answered all your questions , detective ? You haven 't answered any of my questions . You took a young , naive , rich girl With daddy issues . Stop . And got inside her head ... Stop . Now i 'm getting choked up . Other than the money , what do you care ? Huh ? You didn 't know her . Nah . But you did . I 'll ask around for you . See if anybody know anything . And thank you for preventing bloodshed earlier . Ceres will need men like you in the days to come . Your educational history is quite impressive . I took free tutorials and tested through . To work on an ice hauler ? I deliver ice . You use us belters as slaves . How is the ice on phoebe ? How would i know ? Phoebe is a research station . Off-limits to belters . Belt , belt , belt , belt , belt . Do you think i 'm opa ? What , we all know each other And we 're all terrorists , right ? I have no resentments . I don 't believe in causes , And i will not be your scapegoat . Mmm . James holden . What about him ? He has no love for earth . He 's from earth ! He hasn 't been back in over twelve years . Well , maybe , it 's his family . People don 't work long range freight Because they love it at home . Who 'd you leave behind ? Hands where i can see them , please . Why did you leave the canterbury ? We were answering a distress call . Belters scrub distress calls all the time . Nine times out of 10 it 's pirates . A freighter captain would not have answered it . So who did ? Mmm ? Who registered the call ? Someone who survived ? The brute ? Unlikely . The pilot ? No ? No . He 's one of us . The so-called medic ? No . Was it you ? Was it you ? Hands where i can see them . Not you . It was holden . He registered the call . You and holden are working together . Where 's naomi ? What the hell is this ? You join up ? Wait , what ? That 's an option ? What did you guys tell them ? To suck it . Everything . I told them everything . Anything they wanted to know , i told them . I think i even made some stuff up at the end , i can 't remember . I just kept talking . They told me naomi 's opa . Is that true ? Who cares ? They 'll say anything to get in our heads . They told me that you faked your medical records And signed onto the cant to get away from a drug dealer who wanted you dead . Well , that 's true . So ... You okay ? You ? Are you opa ? Unbelievable . And coming from you ? Just answer the question , darling . I 'm not your darling , and you 're obviously one of them . All right , all right , let 's just settle down ... You didn 't answer my question . We putting all our cards on the table here ? Look , kids , these navy boys , They are not gonna play with us all day , So unless you all want to spend the rest of your lives Breaking big rocks into little ones on olympus mons , Somebody better come clean . You stopped me from chasing down the ship That killed the cant . Why ? Because you were being a reckless idiot . Yeah ? Or was it ' cause they were friends of yours ? Watch your mouth . And you . No one knows anything about you , except you do whatever she says . So what was my big plan , huh ? To sit on a shit bucket like the cant for five years while all of this got set up ? Sleeper agents . You ever heard of them ? Well , screw you ... Guys , guys ! Human shields , you ever heard of those ? Here we go again . Call the guards . He 'll take the first few bullets . Hey ! Enough ! Hey ! I 'm ready to talk , but only to your captain . I 'm ready to talk . Let him go . Amos . Do it . The captain will speak to you now . Late last night our routine surveillance of diplomatic core . Logged an urgent communique between ambassador degraaf And his counterpar And his counterpart on mars . Shortly thereafter , we picked up a spike in chatter between mars high command And nine mcrn facilities believed to manufacture stealth composites And gunships . Nine ? I thought there were only six . There were more than we thought . They were taking inventory . I leaked to degraaf that mars was giving stealth tech to the opa . He did what i thought he would . The spike in chatter was panic . They were calling to see if anything was missing . And since they had to ask , it means that they didn 't give it to anyone . Which means that mars isn 't working with the opa Or trying to take control of ceres . They didn 't destroy the canterbury . Then who did ? Someone who 's trying to start a war . Mr. Holden . As we speak , your face is on every screen and terminal in the system . Saying , in effect , that mars destroyed the canterbury . This is a lie . The kind of lie that can lead to war . You will publicly recant your statement . You guarantee The safety of my people , And i 'll say whatever you want . You will put out the fire you started by telling everyone , everywhere , That mars is innocent . That the canterbury was destroyed through the actions Of naomi nagata , an operative of an opa sleeper cell . Are you willing to make that statement ? That can 't be true . Even if naomi is opa . Without her , i 'd be dead . She saved her own life , too . Bring up the bogie . Yes , sir . That 's the drive plume of a ship decelerating hard toward us . We 've been tracking it inbound ever since we picked up your distress call . It 's not one of ours , or earth 's , and it won 't answer our hails . We suspect it was sent for naomi nagata . What do you think now ? What were the scopuli 's movements after leaving ceres ? After the transponder shut off , Did the ship show up on any flight control satellites or ... Extrapolate the possible destinations . Show me incident reports for the docks for juliette andromeda mao . Whoa , now . Hold it right there . Yeah ? Hey , miller . You need to get your ass back down to the medina now . We got problems . It 's our air , it 's our water ... Moon stole our water ! ... Used to be on ceres . Water on mars . We should have brought riot gear . Shaddid nixed it . She didn 't want to inflame the situation . Yeah , we wouldn 't want to upset them . Damn it . We got skirmishes in the rosse buurt ... Rosse buurt ? Come on , gia 's down there . What ? She kind of needs us here , pal . You want to take it ? Go . We 'll be all right . Man 1 : mars stole our air . Man 2 : Mars stole our water . Attention , please . This is a star helix security directive . For your own safety , by order of the governor , There is now a curfew in the medina . Please return to your homes . Return to your homes ! You heard her ! Get the hell outta here , go home ! There 's kids in there . Hold the line ! Get those kids outta there ! opa ! Opa ! Opa ! Remember the cant ! O-p-a ! At least you had the respect to stab me in the chest . They sell it at the shop on 25th and 8th . You know what i love most about mars ? They still dream . We gave up . They 're an entire culture dedicated to a common goal , working together as one To turn a lifeless rock into a garden . We had a garden and we paved it . They couldn 't do any of that without the knowledge of centuries from earth . Earth must come first . I have no choice about that now . My diplomatic credentials have been revoked . I 've been banned from mars for life . Apparently i 'm an alarmist who caused the mcrn to expose Classified stealth technology hubs . Craig called the realtor about selling our house this morning . We may have stopped a war . For a while , anyway . If you like , we can drink it now . I was looking forward to drinking our wine , Watching the sunset over the mariner valley . Do you remember ... You were very young , a couple of us played cards at your house ? I remember i didn 't like to be excluded . Well , you always lurked on the side , quiet , obedient but watching . Finally one night , you demanded to play , and , Well , we 'd had a few and ... You were ... I don 't know ... However old that is . We let you in . You didn 't take any hands , But you clearly understood the fundamentals . When the deal came to you , you called your game . Tennessee three-finger hold ' em . Your father took it very seriously . He asked you how to play . You said , " we each get five cards . " You dealt them out , Then you pointed to the far end of the yard and you said , Now ... " whoever gets to the tree first , wins . " You dropped your cards and were halfway there Before anyone else realized what was happening . I 've never seen your father more proud . See , here 's the thing . I was terrified for you , i didn 't know why . And now i do . You will do anything to win . Just like your father . That 's what got him killed . I won 't play with you , ever again . this is a star helix security directive . Anyone in the medina without authorization will be arrested on sight . This is a star helix security directive . Curfew is now in effect on medina level . Unauthorized personnel will be detained or arrested on sight . This is a star helix security directive . Anyone in the medina without authorization ... Things are calming down around here . I 'm just going to stick around for a while , make sure it stays that way . understood , havelock . I 'll pass that along . Okay . Stay calm , okay ? Come on , guys , it 's over . Just ... Just go home . It 's not over , earther . It 's just beginning . No ... Remember the cant ? this is a star helix security directive . Curfew is now in effect on medina level .
