 Amberle , you still alive ? Relax , Uncle Ander . It 's not like I 'm gonna break . How many times have I missed that jump tonight ? Five . You lose count of your steps tomorrow , it 'll be the shortest half mile of your life . - I 'm going again . - No . It 's late . The race starts at dawn ... you need to rest . But only the first seven runners across the line become members of the Chosen . I didn 't do all of this just to lose . Princess , are you sure you wanna step on thousands of years of Elvin tradition ? There 's no turning back . We need to get in there and stake out my starting place . Don 't worry . As your friend and loyal servant , I 've got you covered . Okay , let 's stay focused , Catania . Bet you wish you 'd told Lorin you were running now . He 's a big boy , he can handle it . Jace told me that if Lorin becomes a member of the Chosen , he 's gonna ask you to marry him . Amberle . You 're not allowed here . Have you come to wish me luck ? Yes ... and no . I 'm racing too . You 're kidding ? Is there a rule that says a girl can 't run the Gauntlet ? That 's the way it 's always been . We have female commanders in the Elvin army , and women on the High Council . It 's time the Four Lands had a female Chosen . You knew about this ? Who do you think sneaked her past the Home Guard and out of the palace ? The Gauntlet is dangerous , Amberle . These guys will do anything to win . So will I. Then good luck . May the best elf win . I 'm definitely sensing a lot of sweaty elf boy hate . Are you sure you want to do this ? Tie me up . Steady ! Only the first seven to cross will be anointed . On the sound of my horn ... Get up , Amberle . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . One , two , three , four ... Jump . They 're coming ! One ! Two ! Three ! Four ! Five ! Six ! - Don 't give up ! - Go ! There 's one Chosen left ! Get up ! It 's a girl . - Look . - I can 't believe it . Is that the princess ? I thought you were teaching her how to fence ? She was a quick study . Congratulations . As king , I welcome you to the Order of the Chosen . At the dawn of every new year , we gather in this sacred garden to recount the story of the Ellcrys . Thousands of years ago ... our Elven ancestors fought a war against an army of Demons . The Elves were at the point of annihilation , when their elders turned to magic . Using this powerful gift , they managed to imprison the Demons in a realm known as the Forbidding . The Ellcrys was created to stand sentry . As long as it lives , the Demons are locked up for all eternity . Now , I realize that for some of you , this is merely ... folklore . But in no way does this diminish your responsibilities . And you are now its protectors . Now step forward , place your hands on the tree , and be accepted by the Ellcrys . I can 't believe you let her embarrass our father like that . This is his last ceremony before he abdicates the throne . I didn 't let Amberle do anything . Okay , this was her idea . I just aided and abetted . She could have seriously hurt herself . I thought for Aine 's sake that you 'd want to keep her safe . Invoking our dead brother , that 's very subtle . You should work that into your coronation speech . We made a pact to protect her , remember ? Well , at least you 'll know where she 'll be for the next year ... locked behind these walls , watering an old tree . Do you have any respect for Elvin traditions ? Only the ones with parties . _ _ _ _ _ It has begun . Had to go all the way to Olney , but I found white willow bark . Afraid it won 't do any good now . I 'll leave you two alone . Wil ... Hey , Mom . You hang in there , I 've got something new to try . I promise , this will ease your pain . Always ... such a ... a sweet boy . So much ... I need ... to tell you . Open it . They 're Elfstones . Belonged ... to your father . They 're magic . I know you thought ... your father was crazy ... but he was ... a good man . He believed in those . Mom , you 're not making any sense . My precious ... boy ... find ... the Druid . Find ... the Druid . Promise me . No , Mom , don 't leave me . No , Mom , I 'm not ready . She always loved this spot . Said she could see the whole world from here . I 'm sorry , Wil . Hey , um , Uncle Flick ... have you ever seen these before ? Mom called ' em Elfstones . I told her to bury those damn things after your father died . Why ? Because they put him in an early grave . He was never the same person after he used ' em . Used ' em ? Wait , you 're not seriously telling me you believe in magic . I believe in evil , Wil , and those things will bring you nothing but misery . Do yourself a favor , throw them in the river and be done with ' em . I 'm sorry . Someone 's here to see you . I told the Home Guard not to let anyone in . That 's why Catania helped me avoid them . If you won 't tell me what 's going on , maybe you 'll talk to him . You owe me . You didn 't need to check up on me . You passed out in front of the Ellcrys . I was worried about you . I 'm fine . Then why have you locked yourself up in here ? You wouldn 't believe me if I told you . Is that one me ? Oh , oh ... You definitely got the ears right . Come on . Hey . Can I ask you something crazy but you have to promise not to laugh ? Yeah . Do you think the story of the Ellcrys is true ? You mean the part where it 's a barrier holding back a Demon army ? Come on , Amberle , we both know magic died out with the Druids . Yeah , you 're right . Forget I asked . Come to the celebration tonight . People need to see you . I need to see you . Leave your demons behind and come and celebrate . You just buried your ma . Now is not the time to be making reckless decisions about your future . I know my future 's not here . That 's the Elfstones talking . Give me a little credit , Uncle Flick . I threw those things away like you said . I 'm moving to Storlock to train as a healer . You 've never been more than five miles outside of Shady Vale . The world outside is dangerous , Wil . It 's full of Gnomes and Trolls and Rovers . They all hate each other . The only thing they have in common is they hate Elves more . I 'll keep my ears covered ... just like always . You 're the same as your father . Never happy with your place in the world . What is that suppose to mean ? Stay in Shady Vale . Let me talk to Dax . I 'm sure he could use an apprentice . Dax couldn 't heal a stubbed toe . Storlock has the best healers in the Four Lands . Wil ... you did everything you could for your ma . It wasn 't enough . I never want to feel that helpless again . Uncle Ander . Thanks for the save . The Gauntlet 's easier to navigate than this party . Just don 't faint again and you 'll be fine . My fainting days are over . Good , because as you can see , there are a lot of people who are very eager to meet you . Grandpa still hasn 't spoken to me . Don 't worry about it . You know , sometimes I think the only member of the family that he actually likes is Manx . Speaking of loyal dogs , how 's your boyfriend ? Be nice . Lorin 's a good guy . He deserves someone who truly loves him . I 'm just not sure that someone is me . Well , then you 'd better tell him or else you 're going to spend a very awkward year together in the Sanctuary . Not nearly as awkward as watching you pine for Commander Tilton . No ... No , I 'm not pining , I 'm ... I 'm observing . That 's been over for a very long time . And I think we can both agree she made the wiser choice . Happy hunting . I need you . You look absolutely amazing . Thanks . Would you like to dance ? I just need some food . I haven 't eaten all day . I 'll make you a plate . Closer . Lorin ! Why ? Stay back ! What are you doing out here ? The Ellcrys called to me . I heard it during the Gauntlet and then again tonight . I tried to ignore it , but it won 't let me . Amberle , you 're not making any sense . When I touch the tree , it shows me visions ... horrible visions of the future . Like what ? That I 'm going to kill you , Lorin . Kill me ? I saw it . I stabbed you . I don 't know what to think anymore . I should never have run the Gauntlet . I have to leave Arborlon . There 's only one person who can help me . - Calm down . - No , I won 't put you in danger . You need to stay as far away from me as possible . Seriously ? I 'm sorry . Whoa ! Well , so much for my shortcut . Hey , I don 't like it any more than you do . Great . Now I 'm the guy who talks to his horse . I thought Elves were supposed to be smart . I 'm half-Elf . Clearly the wrong half . Only an idiot would travel these woods alone . Trolls hunt here . Wait , that 's a Troll ? ! Was a Troll . The Troll must have picked up your scent . I hear Elf ears are their favorite snacks . Huh . Even short tips . If you 're going to keep insulting me , I should at least know your name . Eretria . I 'm Wil . Thanks for saving my life . Hey , wait up . Prince Ander , any word on Amberle ? The Black Watch are still sweeping the countryside . I wish there was something I could do . You can start by telling the truth . I told Prince Arion everything . See , I 'm an excellent liar , which means I can tell when somebody 's lying to me . Amberle left the party upset and you followed her out here . You two got into a fight ... and now she 's missing . As far as I 'm concerned , I 'm staring at the prime suspect . She said the Ellcrys called to her and showed her a vision of the future . In it ... she killed me . You honestly expect me to believe that the tree was communicating with her ? I know it sounds crazy . That 's why I didn 't say anything . You better pray she 's still alive . Hey , what do you think that was ? Don 't know , don 't care . Aren 't you curious about ancient humans ? How they were able to build these incredible things ? Look , they 're dead , we 're not . End of story . Anyone ever tell you you 're kind of cynical ? Anyone ever tell you you 're kind of naive ? - What is it ? - Not sure . Some kind of fungus or bark rot . The Ellcrys is sick ? When 's the last time that happened ? Never . So you don 't recall any accounts of the Ellcrys ever having been sick ? It 's never even shed a leaf . I understand the symbolic importance of the Ellcrys , Father , but it is , after all , only just a tree . The Ellcrys is more than just a tree . I can assure you of that , boy . Stop there ! How did you get past the Home Guard ? Eventine , please tell your son I mean no harm . Allanon ? Put down your sword , boy . It has been a long time , my old friend . Father ... Father , who is this Human ? This is Allanon ... the last Druid of Paranor . Druid ? You said the last Druid died in the War of the Races . Did you now ? No one has set eyes on you in 30 years . I assumed the worst ... but it appears you have not aged a single day . I have been called by the Ellcrys . I must go to the Sanctuary immediately . If you really are a Druid ... prove it . Show us some magic . I don 't do tricks . Let him go . If Allanon is here ... there are dark days ahead . This is your house ? You 're welcome to camp out with the Trolls . I didn 't picture someone like you living in a place so ... woodsy . Take off your clothes before you come in . All of them . You 're joking , right ? No . You need a bath . And I don 't want you tracking mud all over my " woodsy " little house . So , uh , you live here alone ? Don 't worry , we won 't be disturbed . Mmm . So aren 't you worried about Rovers ? What do you know about Rovers ? One look at you and they 'd take the clothes off your back and steal your little bag of blue rocks . I need those back . Why ? Are they valuable ? Only to me . Someone 's got a little secret . What 's it going to take for you to tell me ? They 're called Elfstones . They belonged to my dad . They 're supposed to have magical powers . They 're very pretty . Compared to you , I hadn 't noticed . I 'm sorry . I 'm the one who should apologize . For what ? The epic headache you 're gonna have in the morning . It 's much worse than I thought . The Ellcrys is dying . Are you certain ? You need to mobilize the Elven army . Why does a dying tree require an army ? You do know the story of the Ellcrys , don 't you ? Each leaf represents a single Demon . Once they begin to fall , the creatures of darkness will be released from the Forbidding , one by one . We all know that story is just a fairy tale . Father , you 're not actually listening to this , are you ? You 've allowed him to believe this when you know the opposite to be true . After the War of the Races , I believed that magic had disappeared , along with you and the Warlock Lord . Well , then you tell that to your people when the fairy tales are ripping out their throats ! _ _ _ _ _ _ Get dressed , Wil . How do you know my name ? Where 's Eretria ? Your Rover girl is long gone . Rover ? I don 't understand . This is her house . No , it 's not . It 's theirs . Oh ... I 'm an idiot . You 'll get no argument from me . You were supposed to be in Shady Vale . Did my uncle send you to bring me home ? Flick had no intention of telling me your whereabouts . But his thoughts were never hard to read . What ... Who exactly are you ? I am Allanon . We must reach Druids ' Keep . Wait , you 're a Druid ? Right before my mom passed away , she told me I needed to find you . Perhaps you should have listened to her . You would have saved us both a lot of time . She gave me these Elfstones ... That ... The Rover stole those too . This is going to be harder than I thought . You have put our quest in jeopardy . What quest ? I can 't believe this is the Shannara I 've been dealt . That 's my horse ! Hey ... Yes ! Hey . The Four Lands is in grave danger . Only the last son of Shannara can save it . My name 's Wil Ohmsford . You 've got the wrong guy . You 're a Shannara . Your ancestors were kings and warriors ... heroes who lived and died defending the Four Lands . Men like your father . My father was a deadbeat drunk who died alone and destitute . You 've been lied to . Do you believe in magic , boy ? Of course not . Well , magic flowed through your father . And it flows through you too . It 's in the Shannara blood . If I had magic inside me , why didn 't it help me save my mom ? It could have ... if you 'd known how to unlock it . I can show you how . Come . Your destiny awaits . _ _ _ _ _ _ Next one goes straight through your heart ! Who are you ? I mean no harm . Please . I saw your fire and was hoping to warm myself . You 're the second Elf I 've run into this week . Actually , the first was a mongrel . Cute but not too bright . Where are you headed all by yourself ? To the Elvin mission in Culhaven . I 'm a teacher . You pack light . Unlike you . My husband found work near Balinor . I had to pack up my stuff and meet him there . Thank you . You have no wedding band . Not that I 'm surprised . Who would want to marry a Rover ? Well , your jewelry gave you away too , Princess . I don 't know of any teacher who wears the royal seal of Arborlon engraved on their cuff . What was your plan , drug me and then rob me ? I steal to survive . Don 't try and justify your actions . You and your kind are a blight on the Four Lands . Ouch . Does the arrogant attitude also come on a silver platter ? You wouldn 't know the first thing about my life . Well , you don 't have an escort . My guess , you 're running away , probably from a guy who either broke your heart or knocked you up . Whatever your drama , it doesn 't even compare to what you 're gonna have to face out there in the real world . Thanks for that nugget of Rover wisdom . Amberle , I need you ... come back . Afraid of the dark , Princess ? Now who 's the thief ? Believe me , you got the better end of that trade . There it is . Druids ' Keep . I can 't believe I rode all night for this . For hundreds of years , this fortress was the center of the Four Lands . The wisest men and women from each race , they were called here to study and train in the art of magic . It 's just a ruin . This is sacred ground , Wil . Don 't touch anything . I don 't know what you 're hoping to find , there 's not much left . The Codex of Paranor is here . What exactly does a Codex look like ? It 's a book containing the magical history of the Four Lands . If there is a way of saving the Ellcrys , it will be found within its pages . Why don 't you just call it a book of magic ? Is it a Druid requirement that everything has to sound so mysterious ? I spoke to Lorin . Amberle told him that the Ellcrys was communicating with her . Giving her visions of the future . I dismissed it until I found this in her room . Demons ? She sketched them before the Druid showed up . It can 't be a coincidence . Until we are certain , I want all the Chosen and the entire Elvin Council taken to the palace for safety . Black Watch will guard them night and day . My mentor told me that he hid the Codex in this chamber before the Keep fell . When was that ? 300 years ago . Wait , that would make you ... way too old to be alive . My Uncle Flick was right , this is crazy . The Codex is here . Good luck finding it . I 'm going to Storlock . You can 't walk away from your destiny , Wil . Watch me . You were never going to Storlock . The Elfstones were guiding you to me . You know it to be true . Don 't move ! Don 't speak . Let your eyes bear witness ! Whoa ! And now , do you believe ? Magic is real . Yes . Will I be able to do that ? One day ... maybe . Behold , the Codex of Paranor . Your hand ... Magic always comes with a price , Wil . Never forget that . My ancient Druid 's a little rusty . Maybe you can fill me in . " When the Ellcrys comes to the end of its days , " a flower will bloom " that will bear a single seed . " A member of the Chosen " must carry that seed to Safehold " and immerse it in the Bloodfire . " Only then can the seed be returned " to the Sanctuary and the Ellcrys be reborn . " That doesn 't sound so bad . It 's not like you need a human sacrifice or something . Where 's Safehold ? I 've traveled all over these Four Lands and I 've never come across such a place . Perhaps ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Hey , Allanon ! It 's me , it 's me ! Wil , we must return to Arborlon . Hurry ! - Amberle . - I 'm fine . Listen , the Ellcrys called to me again . We 're all in great danger . - There 's a Demon headed here . - Demon ? We have to warn the Chosen , where are they ? The king moved us to the east wing of the palace . I snuck past the Black Watch to check on the Ellcrys . I thought I 'd lost you . You have no idea . Demons in Arborlon ? Never thought I would live to see the day . The Chosen must be protected at all costs . They alone can save the Ellcrys . The Black Watch should be guarding that door ! The Chosen ... they 're all dead . No ... one still lives . This must be the work of Gnomes . They 've struck at the heart of the palace before . Gnomes had no part in this . It is the work of the Dagda Mor . The Dagda what ? He 's a powerful Elvin Druid who was corrupted by dark magic . He has been plotting his revenge now for thousands of years . If he 's a Druid , can 't you find and destroy one of your own ? I tried , but he is cloistered in a black henge which cloaks his location . I don 't understand . If he really has escaped the Forbidding , why doesn 't he attack himself ? According to the Codex , the weaker the Ellcrys gets , the stronger he becomes . But he will not be truly free to walk this Earth until the last leaf has fallen . Kill the Chosen , kill the Ellcrys . Until then , he will dispatch his Demons to carry out his murderous biddings . Like he has done here . Can my father and I please have the room ? Father , you need to send this Druid away . People are starting to talk , they don 't understand why you 're under his thrall . You mean you don 't understand . No , I don 't ! Six innocent lives have been slaughtered inside our walls and you want to blame Demons and magic ? What would you suggest ? You had planned to step down in a few months . Do it now . Let me take control of the situation . Let me do what I have been training to do . I will lead the Elvin army and I will root out our real enemy . My son ... a true leader does not abdicate at the start of a crisis . And as for your training , it is no match for my experience . By the time I was your age , I had won the War of the Races and I brought peace to the Four Lands . You are the greatest king since Jerle Shannara . But ... But think of your legacy . After everything that you have done for the Elven people , do you really want to go down as the mad king who believes in Demons ? If Princess Amberle is the last of the Chosen , how come the tree can 't find her ? The Ellcrys has called to her , but she needs to return voluntarily . Nobody can be forced into service . Can 't you use your magic like you did at Druids ' Keep ? Finding a dusty old book is much easier than tracking a willful girl who doesn 't want to be found . I need you to search the princess 's quarters . Don 't tell anyone of your mission . Dagda Mor has an agent within these walls . And , Wil , don 't screw up . If the Dagda Mor finds Amberle before we do ... the world ends . Great . Thanks for the encouragement . Ignore Iggy . Use him to scare the bark nuts off any Rover that comes sniffing around . Aunt Pyria ? You are the spitting image of your mother . Now , what are you doing out here ? You could have been kidnapped or killed . I 'm in trouble . I need your help . How far along are you ? I 'm not pregnant . In your letters ... you said you witnessed magic during the War of the Races . That was a very long time ago . But you still believe in it ? What is really going on , Amberle ? I ran the Gauntlet ... and won . I became a member of the Chosen . Your grandfather must be furious . - Good for you . - No , it 's a nightmare . When I laid my hand on the Ellcrys , I had a vision ... Arborlon in flames , Demons feasting on the dead . It was a vision of the future , a future that 's going to happen because I broke the rules . You need to help me stop it . Look what I caught . Come on ! Choke ! Eretria ! Eretria ! That 's enough ! We scouted that house four nights ago . I was beginning to think you 'd double-crossed me . And risk you putting a bounty on my head with every Rover in the Four Lands ? Thanks for the trust . Where 's your haul ? I stripped the place clean , just as you taught me , but I got ambushed on the way back . Ambushed ? They stole my haul with my horse . Trolls would 've eaten you . Gnomes would 've gutted you . Who was it , another Rover clan ? An Elf . An Elf ? Well , you should have killed the arrogant little snot , cut off its pointy ears , and brought them to me as a souvenir ! Guess you 're not cut out for a heist after all . It was my first time going solo . Just give me another shot . This is a clan , not a charity . I 'm selling you to Boca Madrid . He wants a wife and he 's had his eye on you for a while . Cephalo , wait ! I didn 't come back empty-handed . But you 've got to promise not to sell me . They 're one of a kind . I 'm sure you could get a good price for them . - Those are ... - Elfstones . There 's nothing rarer . There may be hope for you . Come on , sweetheart . Why don 't you tell your dad exactly how you got a hold of these ? My son believes you 're leading me astray . I remember a younger king who wouldn 't allow the whispers of the doubters to cloud his judgment . Well , we can 't all fall asleep for decades and forget that the world has moved on without us . We found him trespassing in the princess 's room . He insisted on seeing the Druid . Your Highness . I ... I think I know where Amberle is hiding . She 's with somebody called Pyria . Pyria ? No one has heard from my sister for years . According to these letters , she lives in Wing Hove . Amberle was secretly corresponding with her . I found them hidden in her room . Why would the princess need to write in secret to her aunt ? We had a falling out many years ago . She fell in love with a Human . And when she asked for my blessing , I refused . Because she didn 't love an Elf ? Because she loved you , Allanon . I thought she understood that there was no future for us . Well , evidently , she didn 't . However , thanks to your very capable young apprentice here , we now have our best chance of getting Amberle home safely . I will instruct the scouts to go to Wing Hove . No . Wil and I will go ... alone . We will ? Inviting a few soldiers might not be a bad idea . Whatever killed the Chosen could still be inside the city walls . Nobody else is to know Amberle 's location or her life could be in danger . As you wish . What do you think , old boy , hmm ? What do you think ? He said the Elfstones belonged to his father . But even he didn 't believe they were magic . Maybe he was lying . Where did this halfling say he was from ? Someplace called Shady Vale . There used to be stories about an Elf who lived in the Vale . He 'd gladly tell you his wild tale of how he single-handedly won the War of the Races with nothing but a magic sword and three humble Elfstones to aid him . Well , my father taught me not to believe anything I didn 't see with my own eyes . You think just because those pointy-eared bastards tell us that magic 's dead , that 's the truth ? What makes you think I haven 't seen it , hmm ? Find the halfling and I promise not to marry you off . I find him , you grant me my freedom . So you and the king 's sister ... Wow . I never pictured you as the romantic type . My relationship with Pyria is none of your concern . I 'm sure the age difference must have been kind of weird . How old are you , like 350 ? Stop talking . I can 't . It 's the only thing keeping my mind off the fact that we could be ripped apart by rampaging Demons at any moment . Nobody should die like that . Well , thanks to you , we have a chance of finding Amberle and stopping them . Whoa . Was that a compliment ? I 'm not much of a conversationalist . As you can tell , I don 't get much practice . If you don 't want to talk about Pyria , at least tell me about my dad . I met Pyria because she was keeper of the royal archives when I was tracking down descents of the Shannara bloodline . - How come ? - They were being murdered . Of course they were . I met your father when he was living in Shady Vale with the Ohmsfords . He and Flick were like brothers . - Brothers ? - No way . Uncle Flick refuses to talk about him . Your father is the only reason this world didn 't fall into darkness 30 years ago . His courage and fortitude inspire me still . If he 's such a hero , how come nobody remembers him ? Why did he die a sad , lonely drunk ? Well , you might recall I told you that magic comes with a price ? Your father mastered the Elfstones , he defeated a terrible evil , and the magic ... took its toll . Is that what 's gonna happen to me ? Magic affects each person differently . But you are not your father , Wil . So I 'm supposed to use Elfstones I don 't have to protect a princess who doesn 't want to be found from a Demon horde bent on laying waste to the world ? And even if I succeed , which is entirely doubtful , my life could still be doomed because magic will have fried my brain . Mmm . I liked it better when we didn 't talk . Allanon ? We 're here for Princess Amberle . I can 't help you . She 's at the waterfall . Damn your Druid tricks . Go now , time is precious . That 's Shea 's boy , isn 't it ? I 'm not convinced he 'll be the man his father was . After all these years , here you are standing right in front of me , looking like you haven 't aged a day . How can that be ? The Druids ' sleep . A deep hibernation that restored my magic . I was depleted after the war . I had no choice but to leave . No choice ? You abandoned me to grow old without so much as a good-bye . And now you return as young and strong as a spring stag . Amberle told me about the Ellcrys and her visions . The situation is more dire than she knows . If you 're here , I should have guessed . And right now the destiny of the Four Lands rests upon Wil and Amberle 's shoulders . And once again ... you are the puppet master , manipulating innocent lives as you see fit . Princess Amberle ! Princess Amberle ! Princess Amberle ! Uh-uh , eyes up here ! I 'm sorry . Who are you ? Uh ... You 're an Elf ? Half-Elf . And yes , they 're small , so spare me the ear jokes . How did you find me ? Your letters to your aunt . You went through my things ? Look , it 's really important you return to Arborlon . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . This conversation would be much less awkward if you were dressed . Turn around . Okay . Let 's start over . Who the hell are you and what are you doing here ? My name is Wil Ohmsford . I 'm here because the Ellcrys is dying and you are the only one who can save it . The Ellcrys is dying ? Yes , and I know the tree speaks to you . Did Lorin tell you that ? Well , not exactly . What aren 't you telling me ? I think it 's better if the Druid explains everything . You 're here with a Druid . I thought they were all dead . This one just took a very long nap . Are you his errand boy ? Actually , Allanon brought me along to protect you . You 're joking , right ? When the sleep calls , there is no time for good-byes . Being a Druid is not a choice . It 's a calling . You will never know how sorry I am ... or how much you still mean to me . A Fury . Stay behind me ! Aunt Pyria ! I think we should wait for Allanon . Aunt Pyria ! Amberle ! Amberle ... stay back !
