 Claire : Previously ... There 's a price on my head for murder . Claire : Black jack was able to commit his various crimes in the highlands Because he was being protected by a powerful man . ( gasps ) The duke of sandringham . ( coughing ) We were raising money to restore the rightful king . ( speaking other language ) ( all speaking other language ) Colum : Send a missive to the duke of sandringham , Inviting him to a banquet here in his honor . Very wise to get the measure of the jacobite cause From an englishman 's perspective . You should come visit me sometime down in the village . I have a cabinet full of potions and medicinals . I need some peppermint , my dearest . I have something to offer ye . I made a vow . I won 't break it . Claire : What on earth is this ? It 's an ill-wish , meant to bring pain or harm . Well , who 'd put such a thing under our bed ? Laoghaire . ( folk music playing ) ( claire gasps ) ( knocking on door ) ( knocking continuous ) No . No . ( knocking continuous ) Murtagh : Jamie ! ( speaking other language ) ( pounding on door ) Murtagh : Wake up ! Enough , damn it . ( groans ) Murtagh : Come on , you lazy dog ! ( jamie speaking other language ) Has my knock grown so feeble , Or have yer marriage duties made ye sluggish ? ( door closing ) ( sighs ) Mistress . There must be good reason for this visit . Aye , lad , there is . The duke of sandringham has arrived to take counsel with the laird . He 's taken up residence in merlewood house . ( speaking other language ) Jamie : This is my chance , then . Hell , the duke has always been partial to me . Some would say too much so . I 'm not about to offer up my hindquarters . But his grace wields a fair amount of power in court , And if so inclined , he could lift the price on my head . Aye , it 's worth the asking . Though he 's not a man to grant a favor lightly . It 's not a favor I 'm asking . I 'm an innocent man seeking justice . Justice , from the duke of sandringham ? The name 's familiar to ye ? I 've heard it before . Jamie , if I tell you something , Do you promise not to ask how I know ? I told ye I 'd never ask you for anything ye dinna wish to tell me . Yes , I promise . The duke , you mustn 't trust him . You mean his fondness for other men ? I ken all about that . He visited here when I was 16 or so . Very attentive to me he was , but that 's as far as it went . I wasn 't aware . That 's not it . ( sighs ) The duke is a close ally of black jack randall . Did randall tell ye that ? You promised . I made no such pledge . We 'll both be respecting yer wishes on that account . A friend of jack randall 's can be no friend of yours . Perhaps , before you approach the duke , It might be worth having a word with ned gowan . Get his advice in light of this information . Aye . I 'll talk to the lawyer . But , claire , Ye must realize what this means . This is my first real opportunity to gain a pardon . I can finally return home to lallybroch . Take my rightful place as laird of broch tuarach . And you can be my lady . We 'd be happy there , I know we would . As do I. Look , laddie , as it stands now , ye 're wanted for murder . Ye can deny this from now till judgment day , But it 's yer word against captain randall . And even with the duke 's backing , I fear that there is no way that a british judge Will take yer word over that of one of his majesty 's officers . Even if my words speak the truth ? Truth or lies have very little to do with the law . Hmm . Then there 's nothing to be done . No , no , no , no , no . Don 't be so quick to surrender yer position . You tell me the duke has close ties to black jack ? Well , if that 's true , we may be able to prove to the duke That friendship with such a villain Is more dangerous than it 's worth . If ye have something on yer mind , Ned gowan , then speak it . I can draw up a petition of complaint , Accusing randall of crimes against the scottish people , Yer wife included , And of transgressing his majesty 's laws . If you can convince the duke of sandringham To deliver that document To the lord president of the court of session , That could lead to a court martial for black jack . Or at the very least , a reassignment far from scottish soil . Court martial ? Reassignment ? Can they not just hang the bastard ? Sweating out the rest of his military career in some west indies hellhole Would be a far greater punishment . With randall in disgrace , I believe I can take jamie 's case to court And win him a general pardon . ( indistinct conversations ) Mrs. Fitz : I just feel like a complete ... Here , let me help ye put it on . It 's so lovely . I hate to dirty it . Claire , do you see What my darling granddaughter here has stitched for me ? Is it not the most beautiful thing ye ever laid eyes on ? Mrs. Fitz , would you mind giving us a few moments ? Laoghaire and I have something to discuss . Aye . Well , I can see by your face it 's a serious matter . Can I be of some help ? No , thank you . This is between laoghaire and myself . All right , then . I 'll be just outside if ye need me . Come on , girls . Shoo . Shoo . If ye have something to say , say it . I have chores to tend to . Look familiar ? Why should it ? Because you placed it under my bed . What cause would I have to do such a thing ? Look , I know You have deep feelings for jamie , And that when tender regard is denied , it can be very hurtful , Especially in one so young as yourself . I even understand why your jealousy would be directed at me , Even though I never conspired to take jamie from you . The truth is he was never yours to begin with . That 's a lie . Jamie fraser was and is mine . And you did us both a wrong past Bearing when you stole him away . You 're mistaken , child . My poor jamie , trapped in a loveless marriage , Forced to share his bed with a cold english bitch . He must have to get himself swine drunk every night Before he can stand to plow your field . ( gasps ) I shouldn 't have done that . Sorry . Aye , I did put that ill-wish 'neath yer bed In the hope it would make jamie hate ye as much as I do . He belongs with me , and one day , it will be so . Well , I hope the price you paid wasn 't too dear , Because that will never happen . Ye 're wrong . Ye 're wrong about jamie just as ye 're wrong about yer friend geillis . It was she who sold me the ill-wish . ( scoffs ) That surprises ye , doesn 't it ? Good . Just stay away from me and my husband . ( indistinct conversations ) If you 're looking for my wife , she 's not here . Wench never is when I need her . ( yells ) ( speaking other language ) Raw turnips never agree with me . I could use some of my wife 's tonic . Oh ! Stuff and nonsense ! My sweet lamb , where are you ? ( groans ) Here , fennel should give him some temporary relief . Damn it all , jeanie , bring me my chamber pot . Go on , on you go ! I should be going . By christ 's heaven , you should ! It be a full moon tonight . ( arthur groans ) Seek mistress duncan in the woods , North of the foothills in the hours before dawn . Jeanie ! The chamber pot , damn you ! ( grunts ) ( indistinct whispering ) Geillis : Release . Goddess ... Earth mother . Open the gates . I praise thee . ( fire cackling ) ( soft gasp ) Rise from the fires . ( moans ) You can come out now , claire . I thought I heard a rustling in the bushes . But then again , I always like to imagine someone 's watching me . You could have joined me , you know . But you english are a prudish people . It 's really quite nice , in spite of the chill . Yes , you looked like you were enjoying yourself just fine . 'twas the icy wind whispering over my nipples . Makes them harden like acorns . So I can see . And you 're pregnant . Congratulations . Thank you . It 's been my own special secret for months now . Not even arthur knows . You must be joking , surely . How 's that possible ? I don 't recall him ever seeing my unclothed body . Certainly not in daylight . ( chuckles ) I thought you two weren 't having intimate relations . We 're not . I have a lover . Anyone I know ? Aye . Well , must I guess ? It 's dougal mackenzie . ( chuckles ) I know what ye 're thinking . I 'm married to another man . A child would certainly be awkward . The bairn won 't be born for months yet . Plenty of time For the summoning to prove fruitful . Is that what I witnessed ? A summoning , what , of some pagan spirit ? Mother nature , of course , To ask for our freedom , dougal 's and mine . Claire , I must ask ye to keep my secrets . Not tell anyone . Not just about the child , about what you saw tonight . I understand . I knew ye would . Come on , let 's put out the fires . I promise ye , claire , if I 'd known it was for you , I would have never sold laoghaire the ill-wish . Ye could do a lot worse to me if ye wanted , Now that I 've shared all my secrets with you . Look , I have no wish to do you harm . You 're my friend . The only one I 've made since I 've arrived here , In this part of scotland . I feel much the same . If it wasn 't for you and my darling dougal ... Beautiful , is it not ? Dougal gave you this ? The duke of sandringham himself presented it to him For that slag of a wife , maura . ( chuckles ) A trinket like this would be wasted on the likes of her . So he gave it to me . Dougal 's married ? Aye . But his wife has been holed up in that estate of theirs for years . She 's not one for public gatherings . Don 't blame her , she with such a homely countenance . You say it was a present from the duke ? But I thought he came to see colum ? Hmm . He meets with colum , But it 's dougal he 's fond of . Claire : At first , I found it puzzling . An english lord , a friend of black jack randall , On such good terms with a known jacobite like dougal mackenzie . But then I remembered something that frank had said . Your ancestor had a prominent and powerful man Who could protect him from the censure of his superiors . Frank : Yes , possibly . It would had to have been someone high up in the hierarchy of the time To exert that kind of influence . Oh , aye . What about the duke of sandringham ? The duke of sandringham . Hold on . Wasn 't sandringham a suspected jacobite himself ? Aye . You know , I believe you 're right . Now , that 's odd . Claire : Odd indeed , but well worth keeping in mind . ( indistinct baby cry ) What was that ? Nothing . ( indistinct baby cry ) No , listen , it 's a baby . Claire , that 's a fairy hill . That baby is no human child , that 's a changeling . What the hell are you talking about ? When the fairies steal a human child away , They leave one of their own in its place . You know it 's a changeling because it doesn 't thrive and grow . That 's just superstitious nonsense . Claire ! If ye leave a changeling out overnight in such a place , The wee folk will come and take it back And return the child they 've stolen . They won 't , because it 's not a changeling , It 's just a sick child . It might very well not survive a night out in the open . I have to go . You go yourself , then , and good luck to you . ( baby crying ) ( panting ) Oh , god . ( gasping ) Oh , god . Oh , you poor child . I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . ( horse approaching ) ( sighs ) Jamie : Sassenach . ( breathing heavily ) I came up here , But I was too late . The baby was already gone . They just left it out here to die . Aye . I know . You 've a kind heart , But ye 've no idea what ye 're dealing with . Show . Come . ( sobs ) Been looking all over for ye . I met geillis duncan on the road . She told me where ye were . It 's dangerous to be out here alone , sassenach . Don 't tell me you believe in fairies and changelings and all that . It 's not about what I believe . These people , They 've never been more than a day 's walk from the place they were born . They hear no more of the world Than what father bain tells them in the kirk on a Sunday . And for the parents of that child , It might comfort them a bit to think it 's the changeling that died . And think of their own child , healthy and well , Living forever with the fairies . ( sighs deeply ) Take me home . Jamie : According to ned , how did he put it ? " randall 's repeated sexual provocation " of a high-born englishwoman is a black mark impossible to erase . " That 's good , isn 't it ? Hmm . Sign yer name , just below mine . I know ye have yer doubts about sandringham . Well , I don 't question the truth of them , But ye have to try , claire . For us . For lallybroch . ( chuckles ) Scotland . I suppose it will have to do . ( sighs ) Well , don 't just sit there . Scribble . I 'm sorry , madam , you were saying ? Captain jonathan randall . Yes , of course . The petition of complaint . By christ , a petition of complaint Against captain randall ? Poppycock ! I 'm told That said captain is one of the finest officers in the regiment . Come ... Let me see this abominable document . My husband will be presenting it to you later today . Ah . So , lord broch tuarach has sent you along to soften me up , To play on my well-known sympathies for the weaker sex ? I can assure you , your grace , jamie has no idea I 'm here . Nor would he approve if he did . By my word . He 's picked a feisty wife . I would expect nothing less of the lad . Make no mistake , I am very fond of jamie , But I 'm afraid I must refuse this outrageous proposal . Will you go away ? I understand your reluctance . To turn against one 's friend is no easy thing . Friend ? I hardly know the man . Even if it were so , what of it ? An english nobleman befriending one of his majesty 's Most valued officers , That 's scarcely inimical to either of our reputations . Look , my dear , you 're a most alluring woman , And I 'm sure you will bear jamie many beautiful children , But my time is not my own these days . So many goings-on . I certainly have no time to review these libelous falsities . That 's very good . Write that down , would you ? " libelous falsities . " Forgive me , I 'm thinking of writing a book . Aphorisms of the most worthy and most witty , Clarence marylebone iii , duke of sandringham . Memorable . Sandringham : Now , then . I believe you 've said what you came to say ? Before I go , there is one question I hope you 'll answer . How could I refuse just one question to so fair a lady ? How much jacobite gold did dougal mackenzie pass along to you ? Madam , it 's a dangerous thing to hurl slanderous charges With such reckless abandon . They 're only slanderous if untrue . You determined to make me your enemy ? On the contrary , I need you as my friend . And I trust my friendship , No matter how lowly obtained , Is preferable to a date with the gallows as a traitor to your king . Has anyone ever told you , you have the most gorgeous neck ? It holds your head so prettily . I 'd hate to see them parted . Mark that . I don 't want to be over-hasty about jamie . I 'm really so fond of him . He 's such a good lad , stout-hearted . His grievances deserve to be heard . To petitions of complaint . I look forward to helping your husband To restore his good name . ( chicken clucking ) Rupert : Claire ! Claire ! The laird is asking for ye . It 's dougal . He 's just learned that his wife 's perished from a sudden illness And he 's gone raging drunk . Well , how ? What happened ? A fever it was . The messenger said it consumed her in a day . Burned her up as if by fire . Well , what does colum want me to do ? Soothe the mad beast with one of those sedatives of yours . ( crashing ) ( yelling ) Get back . Get back ! ( grunts ) ( yells ) No ! Did you bring some potion to muzzle this idiot ? Yes . Do you have something to put it in ? Dougal : Dire mischance the day she wedded me . Poor lass . It 's my fault , all of it . ( sobs ) All my fault ! ( speaking other language ) Stay back ! All of ye ! Or I 'll slice yer ears ! Hey ! Away . Or I 'll strike yer head from yer shoulders . Easy , man . I just ... I just seek to slake my thirst . Aye , aye , aye . Aye . I 'd drown my sorrows if I could . This will quiet him down . ( dougal shouting ) How 're you going to get him to take it ? ( crashing ) What makes you think he 'd refuse ? ( yelling ) Get off me ! Come on ! Hey ! Come on ! ( speaking other language ) ( dougal sobs ) ( speaking other language ) Not even a blind man would think she was bonnie , But she deserved better than me . Hard-pressed to stand . Don 't be leaving him lying on the floor there . Lift him up . Watch over him . I will deal with the sodden fool when he regains sobriety ! Easy . If ye drop him , I 'll have yer balls . ( bell rings ) ( indistinct conversations ) Claire . Have you heard about maura ? Can you believe it ? Yes , I 've heard . Though it doesn 't put the same smile on my face , If that 's what you 're hoping . It 's a tragedy , no doubt . God rest her soul . But surely ye won 't begrudge me a wee bit of celebration ? After all , my prayers have been answered . You don 't really believe It had anything to do with that summoning of yours , do you ? I don 't know that it did , and I don 't know that it did not . And neither do you . I know it 's a coincidence . A sad one and nothing more . Believe what you will . Now dougal and I can be together . I think your husband might have something to say about that . ( chuckles ) What the hell are the macdonalds doing Visiting the duke of sandringham ? ( horse neighs ) ( deep sighs ) I had no idea My acquaintanceship with captain randall was such common knowledge . Well , know it we do . And I have no doubt it 's whispered about In your majesty 's court as well . Our majesty 's court , you mean , of course . Leave us , minou . Leave . Damn that randall ! I must admit that shielding him From the consequences of his misdeeds Sometimes feels like a full-time occupation . And I loathe work . But it will require a good deal of delicacy . After all , I must damn the captain without damning myself . Of course . It could be done . However , jamie , Favors must be returned in kind . If I scrub your back , I 'd expect you to see that mine was equally spotless . I 've been challenged to a duel . By the macdonalds , you mean ? Ah , you saw them leave the house , yes ? Andrew macdonald . Some nonsense about an unpaid debt . I 've never been able to turn my back on a game of maw . Pity I 'm not better at it . Anyway , this is an affair of honor . Shots will be exchanged , but I understand no one will be hurt . Murtagh : Hmm . When the macdonalds are involved , There 's always a chance that blood will be spilt . Yes , I know the macdonalds and mackenzies are sworn enemies , But this is not a clan matter . I myself will be in the line of fire . All that I require from jamie is that he appears as my second . Alas , my servants are chosen for their beauty , Not their belligerence . You , of course , contain within you A sublime combination of the two . This is no good , jamie . This is a macdonald matter . You need to stay out of it . You suggested I approach sandringham in the first place . I 'd have kept my mouth shut if I knew he 'd lead ye to the macdonalds . I 'm not feeling blithe about it myself , But if I back out now , I lose my chance to return to lallybroch a free man . There will be other chances . Can you swear to it ? Better than the one afore me ? Well , it 's a risk I have to take . ( indistinct conversations ) ( bagpipe music playing ) ( applause ) ( bagpipe music stops ) ( applause ) Clan mackenzie welcomes our longtime friend and ally , His grace , the duke of sandringham . It is our honor to share our bounty with him . Always a pleasure to visit clan mackenzie ! God bless scotland ! God bless the king . ( speaking other language ) ( all speaking other language ) They make quite the trio . Aye , certainly . Colum and the duke appear to be in fine spirits . ( indistinct conversations ) ( clears throat ) Let me guess , this must be mrs . Fraser ? Claire , Allow me to introduce his grace , the duke of sandringham . An honor , madam . ( chuckles ) Jamie , if you wouldn 't mind getting me something to drink While the duke and I get better acquainted ? Of course . Excuse me . You bastard . You had to get your pound of flesh , didn 't you ? Merely a quid pro quo . You 're familiar with the term ? Simply means " this for that . " Well , if anything happens to jamie during your little duel , Quid pro quo . Your concern for your husband is commendable , But may I point out that it is I That will be faced with the disagreeable end of a pistol . So you 'd better hope that nothing happens to me , Or this petition of your husband 's will never reach london . ( gasps ) ( coughing ) ( screaming ) ( arthur coughing ) Help me turn him to his side . I think he 's choking ! ( arthur gasps ) Put him back down . Claire : I reluctantly searched the crowd for my friend . However , what I found was anything but a grieving widow . ( screaming ) It was then I noticed traces of a peculiar odor . Bitter almonds . The same smell you 'd find resulting from a dose of cyanide . And I knew straightaway what had caused Arthur duncan 's sudden demise . ( geillis crying ) He 'd been poisoned . Gentlemen , upon my count , five paces , if ye please . One . Two . Three . Four . Five . Halt . Mark yer places . Combatants , take yer positions . Combatants , you will fire Upon the dropping of the handkerchief . Are you ready ? Aim your weapons . ( gun shots ) Man : Steady , steady . Does the duke of sandringham offer his apology for non-payment of debt ? I do . And does andrew macdonald accept said apology ? I do . Jesus christ ... ( whispering ) Then this affair is concluded . Let 's drink to friendship . Honor observed and restored . Honor is a poor substitute for coin . Aye . I , for one , refuse to drink with mollies . Off with ye , go and couple together like the filthy dogs ye are ! Sir , order your boys to hold their tongues . Let it go , lads . Mind yer manners . Father , the man rents a great house but canna pay an honest debt ? Tell me , is the duke 's fat arse as comforting as a woman 's cunny ? Aye , is yours stretched like some crone 's sagging teats ? I said enough , ye whelps . ( speaking other language ) Come , come , jamie , let 's not descend to calling of names . Aye , into the woods , you go . To find a fallen log to bend each other over ! Is it true the macdonalds learn of love by rutting with their mother ? ( both laughing ) ( speaking other language ) Andrew : Alexander ! ( grunts ) ( yelling ) ( grunts ) So sorry , I 'm so desperately sorry . Nothing to be alarmed about . Merely a scratch . Do tell your wife it wasn 't my fault . And now , I 'm afraid , I must be on my way . A duel is one thing , a common brawl , quite another . Concern yourself not . I shall honor my side of the bargain . ( jamie grunts ) 'tis but one more scar , sassenach . Nothing worth brooding over . And the duke did take the petition . That 's cause for a bit of celebrating . ( sniffles ) Now perhaps it is better to wait Until closer to our leaving . ( soft grunt ) Ye 're not normally a closed-mouth woman , claire . I expected noisier displeasure . ( grunts ) But quiet anger can be very effective . Jamie , the laird is asking for you . Colum : You will return to your home and attend to your wife 's funeral . And at home you will remain until I send for you . Ye 're exiling me . How long ? Until you come to your senses . If you are even capable of such a thing . Ye 're asking me to do what I canna . I 'm not asking ye to do anything , you half-wit , I am ordering you ! ( door closing ) I will not spurn geillis duncan . Oh , neither would her husband , And you see what she did to him ! That bloated bastard 's been dying for years . ( colum laughing ) By christ , ye actually love the bitch . Or ye 're an even bigger numskull than I thought . I do love her . And with just cause . Brother , She 's carrying my child . Yer child ? Aye . Yer child ? ( sniffles ) what , need I tell ye how children are conceived ? No , no , no , no , no . It 's arthur duncan 's child . Just as hamish is my child . Aye . And if ye think ye 're going to be marrying that evil temptress , Ye 're very sadly mistaken , sadly so . Ye will leave this castle today . Angus , rupert and this one , they will accompany you . You haud yer gab . You will speak when you are spoken to . Now , on no account will ye stop and say goodbye to yer whore . After the funeral , you and yer companions , Ye can do whatever ye like . Ye can drink and fornicate yerselves to oblivion , But you will do it on yer home ground , Not mine . Um . Do ye not even have a nod To acknowledge the orders of yer laird ? Jamie fraser . How dare you shed macdonald blood without my approbation ! I had no desire to cross swords with the macdonalds ... ( grunts ) But the duke of sandringham requested that I accompany him as payment For his aid in winning ... I 'm not interested in yer stories , Yer plots , yer bloody wounds ! I 'm sorry if I have disappointed ye . Disappointed me ? No disrespect was intended . But if you think so poorly of me , Ye 'll be pleased to ken I 'll soon be returning to my home at lallybroch . In time , ye can do what ye want , But not until I give my permission . Now , until then , ye 'll stick close to my brother . You see to it that he follows my orders in all matters . And just so that I know that yer mind is focused on my wishes , Ye 'll leave that wife of yours here . I see no reason ... Ye flap that tongue at me again , lad , I 'll have it cut out at the root ! Now go . I hate that you 're traveling with an open wound And I won 't be there to tend to you . No need to fret , lass , Ye already packed me enough fresh bandages To cover me from face to feet . Claire . Afore I go , I 'll advise ye to stay well clear of geillis duncan . Do you think colum intends to punish her , too ? His wrath will be aimed in her direction next . Loveless or not , Her marriage to the fiscal kept her safe . With arthur gone , there 'll be no one to protect her From her own reputation . Now with dougal being sent away ... Aye . There 'll be no one to save her from colum 's ire . Stay away from her , claire . Dougal : Kiss your bride goodbye , jamie . The others await us . I want to put some hard miles between me And my brother before nightfall . These are dangerous times , mo nighean donn . Be careful . ( indistinct conversations ) I will . I said kiss her , dinna swallow her . Come back to me , james fraser . As soon as I can . ( soft grunt ) I 'm sorry , my dear . Didn 't mean to bother you . Thought a wee bit of salve might help . It 's no bother . I do wish you 'd take more care around the ovens . That 's the second burn this week . I 'd call that a very good week . Ooh , now . Dinna fash yerself , It 's not a permanent situation , ye ken . Jamie will appease his laird best he can And be back in his good graces in no time . In your arms , as well . ( laughing ) Thank you , mrs . Fitz . Tammas : Auntie . Madam fraser . A letter has arrived for you , madam , From the village . Hah . Geillis , I came as quickly as I could . Claire . Your letter . What letter ? The one you sent . 'twas not me who sent it . Suspect someone 's playing a prank on you , claire . I was just about to go downstairs to dinner . Jeanie , ye can set the table for two . Geillis , this is no prank . I 've no time for dinner and neither do you . You must leave here now . Leave ? And go where ? Wherever you choose . I don 't care . Well , that 's a comfort . In that case , I 'll remain here . Geillis , drop the pretense . I know you poisoned your husband and I 'm not the only one . What a thing to say , claire . It 's positively cruel . Not as cruel as colum will be . If you care for your baby , Then you will pack some belongings and you will flee here . We can argue the " why " of it later . Your concern touches my heart , but it 's misplaced . ( sniffs ) Is it ? ( pounding on door ) Warden : Open up ! Who 's there ? Warden : Open the door now ! It 's the warden . Mistress ? There are wardens here to see ye ! Warden : Open this door now ! Do not let her answer that door . You can escape through the kitchen . I 'll see to the packing . I 'll meet you in the glade later tonight . Flee my own house ? Like a thief in the night ? I won 't have it . Warden : Open this door now ! Warden 2 : This is official business ! We demand to see mistress duncan right away . Open up ! Mistress ! Dougal will never allow anything to happen to me . To us . Jeanie ! Let them in ! Warden 1 : Geillis duncan ! He made me a promise . Warden 1 : Take us to your mistress . The man loves me to death . Geillis duncan , ye 're under arrest for witchcraft . Under whose orders ? Well , lookie here . The other sorceress . It 's the thieves ' hole for the both of ye . What on earth have I done ? You 'll hear all about it at the trial . Let 's go . Get your hands off me ! Stop ! Get off me ! Ye 'll not be casting any spells on us tonight . Aye , ye 're a feisty little witch , I 'll give ye that . ( doors shut ) Warden : Hah ! Yah ! ( whip cracks )
