 Ripped By mstoll Where the hell are we ? You heard the warden , the thieves ' hole . Is there anyone else in here ? Earwigs . Hornie-gollachs . Rats the size of lyam-hounds . You only have yourself to blame for this . Are you saying this my fault ? I 'm the one that warned you to pack your belongings and flee . Just as the wardens arrived at my door . Perhaps it was you who sent them to me . It was Laoghaire . She arranged the letter to tell me to go to your house . And she was there watching us as the wardens took us out . I kept your secrets , Claire . You should have kept mine . Jeanie told me where to find you in the woods . If you didn 't want to add fuel to the rumors , then you shouldn 't have made it common knowledge that you were under the full moon dancing naked and burning effigies . So you think I 'm a witch ? Of course not . You may not have killed Dougal 's wife , but you definitely killed Arthur . And it wasn 't witchcraft , it was old-fashioned poison . Am I wrong ? I started with white arsenic a few months ago . Thought it would kill Arthur off before the child began to show . And then you 'd be free to marry Dougal . It 's a boy , again . He 's kicking . Food for the witches . Wait . I need to talk to you . There 's been a mistake . Is that right ? I 'm Claire Fraser , from Castle Leoch . I 'm married to James Fraser , nephew of the Laird . And I 'm King Arthur . Surely King Arthur was more appealing than that slimy paddock . We won 't be here long . Dougal will come for us . No , he won 't . Yes , he will . Jamie said that Dougal told Colum all about your affair and the baby . Colum banished him , sent him to his wife 's funeral , and commanded that he stay away . And sent Jamie with him . No one is coming , Geillis . Share a bit of dinner ? I 'm not hungry . How long do they mean to keep us here ? Till the trial , of course . They 'll summon the examiners . Lie near me . It 'll be warmer . We 're going to burn the witches . We 're going to burn the witches . It 's starting . I suppose getting burned as a witch is better than freezing to death . Make way . Rise up . I said , move up . Move ! Make way ! They 're coming ! They 're coming ! Is that what I think it is ? Well , it 's not a maypole , Claire . Make way for the accused . Move ! Stating in evidence that the accused , one Geillis Duncan and one Claire Fraser , both standing before the Church 's court for the crime of witchcraft , did inflict pain , suffering and death upon the citizens of Cranesmuir by their practice of the unholy arts . There were no familiar faces in the crowd . None of my friends from Castle Leoch . My knowledge of witch trials told me that the accused rarely walked free . Make way . Make way , please . I demand to be let in to the proceedings . And you are , sir ? My name is Edward Gowan , Your Honor . Lawyer , former writer to the Signet , Edinburgh . Let him pass . And what brings you here , sir ? Your Honors , as we 're all aware , the Witchcraft Act of 1563 was repealed by the House of Lords in 1735 . I therefore submit that this entire trial is illegal . This is an ad hoc proceeding , under the administration of the Church . Well , I see that we have dispensed with British law , which pleases me greatly , but I am certain that you will not wish to dispense with our proud Scottish legal tradition . We are still in Scotland , are we not ? No one 's disputing that , Mr. Gowan . Yes , well , here in Scotland , an accused witch is entitled to a defense lawyer at trial . A benefit sadly not offered to those in merry old England . As I therefore would like to offer my services in support of the accused . Oh , very well . Take your place . Thank you . Let us now summon the first witness . Jeanie Hume . I labored as housekeeper for Arthur and Geillis Duncan for nigh on five years , Your Honor . And did you have occasion to witness any strange or unyirdlie goings-on during that tenure ? I can tell ye that it was many the woman that come to the door seeking love charms , amulets , talismans and the like . And Mrs. Duncan was happy as Hogmanay to dispense them . And did ye ever witness Mrs. Fraser in league with Mrs. Duncan ? Many times . In the fields , gathering herbs . And in the still room , meddling potions . Poor Mr. Duncan knew naught of any of it . Jeanie was rigorous and detailed in her accusations . For the better part of an hour , she built a convincing case against us . It was dreadful what befell that dear , sweet man . On many occasion , I have heard Mrs. Duncan singing in the hall outside where Mr. Duncan was sleeping . What kind of singing ? Ominous incantations , to be sure . It would send the kittlins running from the house . Animals have a nose for these things , ye ken . They sense evil . So now we 're to take the testimony of a cat ? Mr. Gowan . Isn 't it the truth , Mrs. Hume , that you were unhappy in your position at the Duncan 's residence ? I was quite content there . Oh , so content that you inquired about a position at Castle Leoch , seeing that you were underpaid and under-admired ? And where you referred to Mr. Duncan , and I quote , as a " flatulent old scunner , " and his wife to be a " flibbertigibbet . " I don 't recollect those were my exact words . What we have here , Your Honors , is nothing more than the grumblings of a malcontented maidservant . Take a seat . Let us summon the next witness , Robena Donaldson . My man and I had an ailing child , born healthy , but it turned puny and weak . We knew it was a fairy changeling . We placed it in the Fairy 's Seat on the hill and kept watch through the nicht , sirs , so as to recover our beloved bairn after the wee folk returned it . But ... But just before morn , we saw her . She took the child in her vile embrace , and spoke strange spells over it . When the sun rose , my good man and I went to see . And there we found the changeling child , dead on the hill and no sign of our own wee bairn . It was her who done the wicked deed , sirs . I know it in my bones ! I was on that hill that night , but I didn 't harm your child ! I was trying to help him ! So you admit it . Witch ! I am a healer ! I am a healer ! I could not abandon a dying child ! - I was trying to save it ! - Shh ! Do not further incriminate yourself . Let me do my job . You ... You have my deepest sympathy on the loss of yer beloved child . But may I ask , if ye were there , why did you not stop this woman from interfering with the work of the fairies ? I ... I was afeared . So isn 't it true , then , that your fear and silence allowed her to contaminate the bairn so that when the fairies came , they could not complete the switch ? At least ye can take comfort in knowing that it was the changeling child that died , and that your own child is healthy and living forever with the fairies . Perhaps we should thank this woman , instead of condemning her . Witness dismissed . Ned 's skill at turning an argument on its head started to show promise , but as I looked around the room at these good people , I wondered what made them so ready to watch us burn . Regardless of the evidence , they only wanted one outcome . Call the next witness , Alastair Duffie . Have ye a charge to put to either of the women here ? Against Geillis Duncan , Your Honor . With my own eyes , I saw her standing on the battlements during a great storm . I saw her call down the lightning with a flick of her hand . Thunder roared as she laughed . Her eyes , red as flames , with a look in them that would steal the soul from a man . Then the wind rose up , her cloak flapped open around her and she leapt into the sky and flew like a great-winged bird ! Ave ! Aye ! Witch ! Please . This is preposterous ! The accused will be silent . We shall reconvene in the morning . Ned . There 's grave danger afoot . What do you think of our prospects ? After today , I wager we stand a chance . Did Colum send you to help me ? Oh , no . In fact , he would not look favorably upon me being here . Did he have something to do with my arrest ? - Ned ? - No , no . Here , take this usquebaugh , water of life . It 'll keep you warm tonight . Pass me that flask . He 's a queer fellow , isn 't he ? That Ned Gowan . Well , he certainly seems optimistic . Ye still don 't understand , do ye ? They mean to kill us . Drink tonight , Claire , for tomorrow , our ashes will be scattered to the four winds . I am curious . Was it Dougal you were after , or his position and money ? No , I had plenty of money . I knew where Arthur kept the keys to his papers and notes . The man wrote a fair hand . 'Twas easy enough to forge his signature . I managed to divert near on 1,000 pounds over the last two years . You stole his money . Why ? For Scotland . What do you mean , for Scotland ? I dream of our Bonnie Prince Charlie , a Stuart king back on the throne . You 're a bloody Jacobite . So it was politics that brought you and Dougal together . Aye . He 's the only man I ever met who could be my proper match . You are aware that he 's not exactly the most faithful man . Do you think I mind ? He 's got an eye for the lasses . Colum fights for the MacKenzies . Dougal fights for the MacKinnons , the MacPhersons , the Chisholms , the Camerons . All of the clans . All of Scotland . The man 's a lion . God . You actually love the bastard . Your words , not mine . So Colum ordered him to go , and off he went . So sorry , Geillis . Don 't be . Don 't you dare . Come the rising , I shall know I helped . Whatever happens with the examiners , I would do it all again . I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country . Nicely put . Isn 't it just ? How about you ? Do ye love him ? Your ginger-haired laddie , Jamie ? It 's his name you cry out in your sleep . If you really are a witch , now would be a perfect time to use your powers . Aye . Same to you , my friend . A starling . You can always find them amongst the more common birds . The plumage is iridescent . Looks like a silly crow to me . When I was a little girl , I used to go to Brighton in November . They would all gather there , thousands of them . This massive flock . A murmuration , it was called . They 'd be swooping and twirling in this kind of hypnotic cloud , in perfectly synchronized patterns . What possesses them to do such a thing ? To protect each other from the falcons . Safety in numbers . Hitch the wagon . We 're hardly a flock , you and I. Clear the path ! Although , according to witnesses , I have been known to take wing . Rise up . Time to go . Step aside . Your hand , girl . Move . Come on . From Castle Leoch , Laoghaire MacKenzie . She was not Mrs. Fraser when we first became acquaint . She was Mistress Beauchamp then . Go on . I came to her for a potion to open Jamie Fraser 's heart to my own . I 'm sorry , it 's painful to speak about ... I was the one , you see , who Jamie was meant to marry , but she took the potion herself . I don 't believe it . Did you concoct such a potion ? It wasn 't an actual potion . I was just trying to help her . She hexed Jamie and turned him away from me . She stole him ! This is nonsense . - I didn 't hex anybody . - Silence . Clearly , she 's a jealous young lass with a broken heart . Aye . My heart was broken . And when I confronted her , she struck me . Did you in fact strike this woman ? She put an ill-wish under my bed . And then tried to seduce my husband ! He was the love of my life . Burn the both of them ! Burn ! This girl is the reason that I 'm here at all . She fabricated a note from Mrs. Duncan summoning me , alls the while knowing that the wardens were coming to make an arrest . These crocodile tears are just further evidence that she 's trying to get me out of the way ... Cease your ramblings , Mrs. Fraser ! You 're an embarrassment to yourself . Let 's call the next witness . His Reverence , Father Bain . Ye good folk of Cranesmuir , I knew when I first set eyes on Claire Fraser that you had welcomed the whore of Babylon into your midst . That you had allowed yourselves to be seduced from the path of righteousness by her beguiling sinfulness and wicked allurement ! Is this a trial or a sermon ? I fell to my knees and prayed for God to curse her malevolence and wreak his mighty vengeance upon her body and soul . And God answered my prayers . He said to me , " You have made a prodigious mistake . " When young Tammas Baxter was seized by Beelzebub , I administered the last rites , I abandoned hope . Blinded by vanity , hubris , I rebuked Claire Fraser . But it was she who determined the boy was ill from ingesting poison flora and Claire Fraser did what I could not , saved the boy 's life . Blessed congregation , hear my confession . I failed Tammas Baxter , I failed you and I failed God . I 'm no longer worthy to serve the good and holy people of this parish . I beseech you . Let me go . Bear witness to her fiendish ploy . It would take Satan himself to drive a man of God away ! - Witch ! - Witch ! Burn her ! I have done nothing . Mrs. Fraser ! Father , this court forbids you to leave this parish . After heedful consideration ... Your Honors , a momentary recess . Briefly , Mr. Gowan . Briefly . Please , allow these ladies some privacy , please . I ask you quite thankfully ... Please . I 'm afraid the climate has turned , and there is no coming back from it . What do we do ? We save one of you . Neither one of us is a witch . It doesna matter what you are . It 's what people think you are . And people thought you were a witch long before this English lass came into our midst . And let 's be frank , ye 've practiced yer murky trade for years . The only thing that ever stood between you and a pile of kindling was your husband , and he 's dead . Are you my lawyer or my judge , Mr. Gowan ? I 've tried , Mrs. Duncan , but you 're beyond saving , and you ken it . What is it you 're saying , Ned ? I 'm saying that if you claimed that Geillis Duncan bewitched you and renounce her ... - Renounce her ? - Mmm-hmm . State that she tricked you - and drew you into her evil web . - Oh ! What if I don 't ? They 'll burn ye both . I 'll give ye a moment to think about it , but hasten , because this court awaits . Stay back ! Stay back ! This is just too much . No , wait . There has to be another way . Why are you here ? What are you talking about ? - I was arrested ... - No , why are you here in Scotland ? - I was traveling from Oxfordshire . - No , you 're lying . You 've been lying all along . Dougal knew it . Colum knew it , too . That 's why he hasn 't lifted a finger to help you . You have no idea what you 're talking about . No more lies , Claire ! If I 'm going to die , if I 'm going to burn as a witch , I need to know I 'm dying for something . So tell me now , and this time I want the truth . Why are you here ? They 're growing impatient . - We need a moment . - No , I don 't think they 're ... A moment ! It was an accident . I swear to you , Geillis . I 'm not here for any reason . - I came and it was an accident . - By accident . So you don 't want to change things or do anything at all , do you ? I just want to go home . I don 't even know if that 's possible . Nothing . It 's really all for nothing . - Geillis , I ... - I cannot delay the court any longer . What are you going to do ? Looks like I 'm going to a fucking barbecue . Uh , Your Honors , Mrs. Fraser would like to address the court . Mr. Gowan is mistaken . I have nothing to say . Are you mad ? Maybe I am . We must rely on an injunction of the Lord . " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live . " Thereby , we pronounce Geillis Duncan and Claire Fraser guilty , and do hereby condemn them to death ! Burn the witch ! Burn them both ! Burn the witch ! Burn her ! Conduct the prisoners to the pyre , if you please . The question you had before . Wait , you cannot do this ! I forbid this . I think it is possible . What ? No ! 1968 . Ned ! Ned ! This has nothing to do with witchcraft ! Condemn them ! You 're all murderers ! Your God will damn you all . You 're going to burn in hell ! You will not speak before this court in that manner , woman . Strip her and skelp her ! No ! Get off of me , you bastards ! Get your bloody hands off me , you bloody bastard ! I shall dance upon your ashes . Harder ! Harder ! Claire ! Let her go ! Sir . You have no place in the working of this court . I swore an oath before the altar of God to protect this woman ! And if you 're telling me you consider your authority to be greater than that of the Almighty , then I must inform ye that I 'm not of that opinion myself . The first man forward will be the first man down . This woman is no witch . But I am . Geillis ! No ! I confess that I killed my husband , Arthur Duncan , by the means of witchcraft . I took advantage of the ignorance of Claire Fraser , bewitching her for my purposes . She neither took part in , nor had knowledge of my dealings , nor does she serve my master . See here ! I bear the mark of the Devil ! What the villagers saw as evidence of evil was actually the scar of a smallpox vaccination . And it hit me like a bolt of lightning . Geillis was from the future , from 1968 . Run ! Claire , come now ! I am the mistress of Satan . I carry his child ! Burn her ! Geillis . I have lain with Beelzebub in the darkest hours ! I have pledged my soul to him forevermore ! - Silence ! - No ! Cover the witch ! Cover her up ! I will have the child of Satan . He will damn you all ! Cover her up ! Stop ! She 's with child ! I 'm with Child ! We have to leave now , Claire . We have to go . The cuts are not deep . I think you 'll not be marked . Claire , I know there are things ye do not wish to tell me . But I have one thing to ask ye . Honesty . When you do tell me something , let it be the truth . And I 'll promise you the same . I agree . Then there 's one thing I must ask you , for your own safety as well as mine . Are you a witch ? Are you serious ? I 've often seen that scar on your arm and thought nothing of it . Until I saw the same on Geillis Duncan today . She called it the Devil 's mark . So ... I 'm not a witch . After you hear the truth , then maybe you 'll think otherwise . I 've never had smallpox . But I can walk through a room of dying men and never catch it . I can nurse the sick , but their sickness cannot touch me . This mark is called a vaccine . And you 've never heard of it . No one here has . But it prevents me from contracting the disease . I know about Jack Randall because I was told about him . I know the day he was born , and I know the day he will die , and I know that he works for the Duke of Sandringham because my husband told me about it . I know about the Bonnie Prince , the Jacobites and their doomed cause . I know what 's going to happen to the Scots . I know all of this because ... Because ... I 'm from the future . I was born on October the 20th in the year 1918 . That 's 200 years from now . Do you hear me ? Do you hear me ? I hear you . You think I 'm raving mad , don 't you ? No . No , I believe you , Sassenach . So . I dinna understand it a bit , not yet . But I trust you . I trust your word , your heart . And I trust there is a truth between us . And so , whatever ye tell me , I will believe you . Can you tell me more ? I was a combat nurse in the British Army . Before we left the church , she said to me , " 1968 . " I told him everything . The whole story , it came pouring out of me like a cataract of water over a broken dam . Tell me again about the stones . I didn 't realize how badly I needed to tell someone , anyone , until that moment . The Scots never had a chance . He listened . Thousands were killed at Culloden . He didn 't understand it all , but he listened . So , I left you in the glade and went to meet Horrocks and you ran away . You were trying to get back . Back to the stones . And back to your husband . Yes . And I beat you for it . I 'm so very , very sorry . Don 't ... You couldn 't have known . Rest now . No one will harm ye . I 'm here . Do you really believe me ? Aye . I believe you , Sassenach . Although it would have been a good deal easier if you 'd only been a witch . Over the next several days , we rode hard . We were both determined to leave the castle and the trial far behind us , hopeful the distance would overshadow the questions that remained unanswered . And from the main house ... Jamie spoke repeatedly of Lallybroch , detailing the life we 'd have together , the life he 'd always imagined . I tried to listen . I tried to invest in Lallybroch as my home . I tried to imagine a life for us both , but I felt adrift , anchorless in a running sea . - I want you inside me . - No . No , mo nighean donn . I want to watch you . So , Sassenach , are ye ready to go home ? Yes . Take a look . It 's what you wanted . Aye ? What you 've always wanted . To go home . Yes . It 's your place . This is it . Is this the one ? Yes . So , what did you do last time ? I really didn 't do anything . I heard this buzzing sound , and I just touched the stone . Claire . I 'm sorry , lass . I stopped ye . I shouldna have done so . I just wasna ready . I know . Well , there 's no use in waiting . I must part with ye now . That 's why we 're here . It 's your own time on the other side of that stone . You 've a home there , a place . The things you 're used to . And Frank . Frank . There 's nothing for you on this side . Nothing , save violence and danger . Now go . I 'll stay at the camp until nightfall to make sure that you 're safe . Good bye , Sassenach . Jamie ! Goodbye . On your feet , soldier . Take me home to Lallybroch . Ripped By mstoll
