 ABRAHAM : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest all across the globe animals have decided " no more . " And so we were hired , a team of people from different backgrounds , with different specialties . An expert in animal behavior , a journalist , safari guide , foreign intelligence agent , and a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , why it 's happening , and how to stop it . NARRATOR : Previously on Zoo : The Mother Cell is in every single product Reiden makes . It 's everywhere . It 's all over the world and it can 't be stopped . - Where 's your husband ? - Oh , my husband is back in Paris . Although he never became my husband . I learned he was having an affair with my sister . You 're talking about your daughter . Her name is Clementine , she 's 10 years old , she was diagnosed three years ago . Why aren 't you with her ? I 've waited too long . Uh , Jackson , hey . Now 's not really a good time . Jamie , listen to me . Ben killed the optometrist . He isn 't FBI . I don 't wanna hurt you . Just give me the Mother Cell . [ GRUNTING ] Okay . That happened . [ GROWLING ] [ GROWLING CONTINUES ] [ SNARLING ] What is that ? The bears . [ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING ] Oh , wait , I 'm sorry . I ... No , no , no . I 'm just ... - Hey , uh , I wasn 't ready . - We 're good . I have everything I need . I should just turn myself in . I know . You said that . Just drink the iced tea . It will make you feel better . JAMIE : Look , seriously , I ... I shot a man , an FBI agent . I can 't just walk away from that . No , a man claiming to be an FBI agent tried to kill you and you defended yourself . Quite capably , as Jackson says . But we can 't prove that . So let 's do something about it . Let 's prove that not-really-FBI-Agent Ben Shafer was working for Reiden . - Instead of ... ABRAHAM : We will . - We will ? ABRAHAM : Yes . - How ? - That I don 't know yet . But we 'll figure something out . Right now we worry about keeping you safe , okay ? Forty-eight hours ? You said you could do it in two . I did , and I can . But only for repeat clientele . Consider us old friends and make it an hour . I need a name . For the passport . Um ... Armstrong . Nancy Armstrong . What are you thinking ? It 's attractive , that 's for sure . I 'm also thinking there 's no way we can take this to the government . Not yet . Let 's assume for a second that everything that the chemist said was true . That molecules from this Mother Cell are in every single one of Reiden 's products . We still need proof that this is what 's causing the aberrant behavior in the animals . We need , uh ... I don 't want to say a smoking gun , that 's way too dramatic , but a bloody knife ? If we had a bloody knife , then perhaps we could build a proper case . We 're going to Paris . Not that I don 't love that sentence , but why ? What 's in Paris ? A pack of four Eurasian brown bears were being studied for migration and feeding habits . Two days ago , their trackers went offline . The bio-lab assumed it was just interference with the satellite . Then , yesterday , one of the bears showed up in an apartment in the 16th arrondissement and nearly killed the woman who lived there . That bear is now apparently deep in hibernation in a research facility . Um , hibernating ? - In the middle of summer ? - Yes . And the rest of the pack are still missing . MITCH : Sleuth . - Pardon ? - A pack of bears is called a sleuth . - Whatever . There ... - There 's your bloody knife . - Yeah , well , if there 's evidence of this Mother Cell in that bear 's bloodstream , then , that would do it . Perfect . When do we leave ? CHLOE : Jamie 's passport will be ready in an hour . We 'll have just enough time to make our flight . Where are you going ? Drugstore . If we 're getting on a red-eye to Paris , I need some melatonin . MAN : Yes , I understand . Will he know who you are ? Okay , no , no , no . I 'm getting him now . You 've forgotten how to knock ? Have you heard of something called the Mother Cell ? - The Mother Cell ? What 's that ? - I don 't know . But someone wants to talk to you . He says that he has the Mother Cell and he 's willing to give it back , but he needs something in return . Transfer it . [ PHONE RINGS ] [ WHISPERS ] Go . [ PHONE BEEPS ] [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Hello ? Hello . Uh , you don 't know me , but you 're gonna want to listen very carefully to what I have to say . Ripped By mstoll How do we tell if he 's been infected by the Mother Cell ? Grab me that tray of test tubes over there , will you ? I 'm gonna take a blood panel and hope that some foreign elements show up . If they do , I 'll compare their chemical structure with the Mother Cell . And if they match , we 've got our answer . So , basically , you 're looking for a fingerprint , - chemically speaking . MITCH : Look at you . Getting all science-y . Ten drops each , in each of those test tubes . And as a backup , we 'll take a DNA sample . Takes a little longer , but might as well while we 're here , right ? Would you mind taking a swab from our friend 's mouth there ? [ BEAR SNORING ] Sure . [ MONITOR BEEPING ] - He 's waking up . - Oh , that 's okay . - Says you . - No , really . It 's fine ... Even in hibernation , a bear 's heart rate increases when a predator approaches . It 's nature 's little warning signal . Apparently , you 're quite predatory . Okay . This good ? That 's perfect . Put that in one of those little baggies over there . - Huh . - " Huh , " what ? His eye is normal . Come take a look . No defiant pupil . That doesn 't make any sense . If he was exposed to the Mother Cell , - his pupil should be ... - All big and scary . Yeah . It should be . WOMAN [ IN FRENCH ] : MAN 1 [ IN FRENCH ] : WOMAN : MAN 1 : I think you 're wrong . You understand what they 've been saying ? - Enough of it . MAN 2 [ IN ENGLISH ] : And you are ? [ IN FRENCH ] MAN 2 : And , uh , what are you thinking ? Why is he wrong ? Look , these aren 't necessarily normal bears . Exactly what kind of bears are they ? What do you mean , they aren 't normal ? JACKSON : I don 't know for sure . But , uh , look , they won 't necessarily be acting like you 'd expect them to . And like she said , bears of a sleuth stick together . So if one entered the city , most likely the others will too . Perhaps they are traveling underground ? The sewers , tunnels , the catacombs ? And that 's why they haven 't been spotted . From what we 've already seen , these bears , they 're unfazed by people . So if they want food before they hibernate , they 're gonna feed on whatever 's available . There are more than 300 miles of sewers and tunnels that run under Paris . I suppose we 'd better get searching . That was perfect . You motivated them , maybe got them looking in the right direction . Chloe . [ BOTH SPEAKING IN FRENCH ] Uh , Jean-Michel Lion , Jackson Oz . - Hey . - Hello . Jean-Michel is a civil engineer . I did not know you were back . Your sister said you left town . I 'm just here for a few days . And why are the Americans interested in a pack of missing French bears ? - I 'm sorry , I can 't tell you . - Ah . Secret affairs I understand , but , uh , heh , bears ? If I could tell you , I would . But I can 't . Okay . If I get any leads on where they may be , I 'll call you straightaway . Thank you . [ IN FRENCH ] [ IN FRENCH ] So that 's him , huh ? The ex-fiancé . [ IN ENGLISH ] That 's him . So there 's two beds in the guest bedroom . And the sofa opens up into a bed as well . The most important question is : Where is the wine ? I hear you French are very famous for it . In the kitchen . Help yourself . So I ... No defiant pupil ? What does that mean ? I don 't know yet . But it doesn 't necessarily mean that the bear wasn 't affected by the Mother Cell . Blood labs should be back in a couple of hours . But why else would a bear be hibernating in the middle of summer ? There are two types of hibernation , okay ? One is what we normally think of : Yogi Bear goes into a deep suspended animation to survive a winter of scarce resources . The other is when an animal falls temporarily dormant , so that resources can be biologically redirected . What does that mean , " redirected " ? Like a caterpillar turning into a butterfly , or when little kids sleep so deeply when they 're growing . So you mean you think that the bear 's changing ? I think it 's possible . The question is , into what ? [ CELL PHONE CHIMES ] - Hey . JACKSON : Hey . Dinner 's almost ready . - Cool . - And we should , uh , probably talk about Mitch 's new theory about the bears . Yes . Delavane wants to see me . I 'll be back as soon as I can . Jamie , vino ? Thank you . But it 's " Nancy . " I should get used to saying it . As far as names go , it 's not so bad . It was my mother 's . " Armstrong " was her maiden name . Abdullah Balogun . Sorry ? I had another name once too . When I was 13 years old , my parents were killed in a raid . Me and my little brothers were taken in by the rebels . The United Republic Army . Malik and Kalim . The rebels fed us and gave us shelter . But then a few days later , I was made to undertake a initiation . [ MEN YELLING ] It was their way of breaking me . Forcing me to prove my loyalty to them . They gave me a gun . [ MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] And a single bullet . And told me that I must choose which of my two brothers I should kill . And I was told that if I did not shoot one of them , then they would both be killed . I looked into the eyes of my baby brothers . So sweet , so gentle . And I knew from that moment that they were both condemned . You see , one of them would die , but the other , like me , would be turned into an animal . [ INHALES SHARPLY ] So I made the only decision I could . I chose neither . And I sent them both to a better place . [ GUNSHOTS ] Five years later , I escaped from the army and changed my name to Abraham . And I went somewhere they would never find me . And even though I knew I did the right thing for my brothers , I 've been spending my whole life trying to make up for my choice by protecting the people I care about . My new family . And now you are part of that family too . Miss Nancy Armstrong . DELAVANE : Killed him ? An FBI agent . A dirty FBI agent . At best . So you 've just said . Who ? Who killed him ? I can 't tell you . A member of my team . The good news is , I 've been tracking channels , and there hasn 't been any chatter . None . It 's almost as if they haven 't discovered his body yet . But they will . And whether he was a real FBI agent on the take for Reiden or posing as an FBI agent , either case , this is now a federal matter , which means they won 't stop until they find out who killed him . Which means , eventually , they will find us . And everything we are doing will become public , which will make it impossible to do our job . So , what are you saying ? You want me to turn them in ? I 'm saying , Agent Tousignant , that you may not have asked for it , but nothing is more important than the task you have been given . To figure out what is happening to the animals and how to stop it . I am doing that . As much as you may have come to like them and want to protect them , none of the people on your team are more important than your ability to complete that task . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? Yes , sir . How do we get past the facial recognition ? No problem at all . All we need is an employee with top-level access . Right , because why would that be a problem ? CHLOE : Hey . How is it going ? Abe had an idea , a good one . - About the bears ? - No . About Jamie . She can 't spend the rest of her life running . We have to get her out of it by proving that Ben Shafer was on Reiden 's payroll . Okay . Reiden has an office here in Paris . We 're breaking in . JACKSON : So the Paris Reiden office only handles European contracts , but their computer network is linked to the central system back in Boston , which means , if we can hack into their system , we can prove that Ben Shafer was on their payroll . And how are we gonna do that ? What , the hacking-into-the-system part or the proving-it part ? CHLOE : Both . Here . It makes more sense if you drink this . Okay . Uh , second part first . I 've done investigations like this for stories I 've written . Corporations keep track of every penny of their finances , so if there 's a payoff to Ben Shafer , it 'll be in their accounting records . We just access the finances and follow the paper trail . Presuming that he used his real name . Agreed . It 's not necessarily going to be easy , but there 's always something . Uh , money that moves from one account to another . - Numbers that don 't add up . - A pattern . That 's your specialty , right ? Recognizing patterns . Okay , you say once we access their finances . - How are we gonna do that ? JACKSON : That 's the cool part . See , as far as we can tell , all top-level Reiden executives have access to their computer network . But the system doesn 't use passwords . It uses facial recognition . So we just need to locate an executive with access and then trick their system into thinking they 're signing into their account . ABRAHAM : And that 's where you come in . This is going to be a team effort . Even Mitch . We 're presuming there are thousands of documents to comb through , so we 're going to copy the records onto a computer with enough storage space . The one in the animal lab . And what 's my role ? You get to have some fun . - Thank you . WOMAN : You 're welcome . [ MAN SPEAKING IN FRENCH OVER PA ] Hey , how 's it going ? Almost there . Six , seven , nine , seven , dot , six , three , zero , dot , six , four . Six , three , zero , dot , six , four . Okay , got it . - Good luck . - Thanks . [ CELL PHONE RINGS ] Hey . JAMIE : Six o 'clock , blue suit , dark hair . He 's Antoine Bellrose , senior VP , financial strategy . Got it . Bellrose , VP , finance . Good luck . - Why 's she stopping ? - I don 't know . What 's wrong ? The security guard over there , I know him . He 's ex-DGSE . I can 't do this . He 's gonna recognize me . We have to get out of here . We need to come up with another plan . No . I got this , give me your phone . But Abe 's right , you got to get out of here . [ SPEAKS IN FRENCH ] Uh , Monsieur Bellrose ? [ SPEAKS IN FRENCH ] Do you speak English ? - Yes . JACKSON : Fantastic . My name is Scott Polson . Uh , I 'm with the Msisimko Safari Camp back in Africa . Have you been to Africa , Mr. Bellrose ? BELLROSE : Africa ? - Heh . No , I didn 't think so . Neither did the Finance Department in the States , which is why they nominated you for the trip . What trip ? I knew that you didn 't get our letters . That 's probably why you didn 't respond . For the work you 've done , you 've been nominated for a trip to Africa , all expenses paid . You are joking , yes ? I mean , this is some sort of prank ? No , no joke , no prank . Apparently , you earned the company a fair amount of money last year . Yes , uh , I did . Let me get my calendar out here . We have open dates in August and October . - A little to the left . - Though , um , I would suggest the fall . It 's a much better time of year . - Yes . - So how does that work for you ? Sure . [ BEEPING ] All right , well , August it is . That 's it . Get your bags packed and we 'll be in touch , Mr. Bellrose . - Thank you . - No , no , don 't thank us . Thank your colleagues back in the States . Come on , come on , come on . [ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] Mademoiselle ? Oh , thank you . Well , damn . They actually pulled it off . Dr. Morgan . Your blood labs are back . - DNA profile too . - Thank you . Something is wrong ? No . I was hoping there would be something abnormal in the bear 's blood work . It turns out there is . That 's good news , yes ? Yeah , that 's good news . This DNA , however , makes zero sense . That 's abnormal too ? It looks like it 's changing . [ BEAR GRUNTS ] [ MONITOR BEEPING ] - I think he 's waking up . - Yeah . Cannot be good . Hand me some of that sedative over there . [ BEAR SNORING ] What the hell ? WOMAN : What ? Bent the needle . Can you ... ? Feel this . Feels like armor . I don 't understand . How is that possible ? I don 't have a clue . [ BEAR GROWLS ] [ MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY ] [ GROWLING ] - Okay , don 't move . WOMAN : Aah ! Aah ! Dr. Morgan , no ! Dr. Morgan . Dr. Morgan , are you all right ? Uh , yeah . JACKSON [ OVER PHONE ] : You injected it with what ? A microchip , with an RFID tracker . What ? Why do you have a microchip with an RFID tracker ? MITCH : In case anyone had any plans to release it back into the wild . How about this ? Don 't ask questions , just be grateful . Okay , where is he now ? MITCH : Same as five minutes ago . He 's running through the woods , alongside the highway . It looks like he 's headed towards the , uh , - " Meudon " Forest . - The Meudon Forest ? Yeah , that 's what I said . The Meudon Forest is south , but according to the people from the bio-lab , that bear lived west , in les Hauts-de-Seine . JACKSON : So if he 's not headed home , he 's headed towards the other bears . Listen , you know how we talked about the bears changing ? Well , I think they 've developed some kind of endoskeleton . - What do you mean ? - A hard shell , like a hard shell underneath its skin . Wait a minute , a shell ? You got to be kidding me . Sadly , no . Okay , so the wildlife services and the police are waiting for us on the other side of the Meudon . What are you doing here ? Told you I was fine . Well , I came to make sure you were as fine as you said you were . - Well , you missed quite a party . JAMIE : Yeah , I can see that . Hey , that 's a nice little scratch . - I know , it 's hot , right ? JACKSON : Okay . We 're at the forest , Mitch , northwest corner . Where 's the bear ? In the woods . Due west of you . Looks like about 500 yards in . It looks like Park Services are already there . [ GUNSHOTS ] [ MAN YELLING ] So is one of you going to tell me what is going on here ? What do you mean ? That bear has some kind of super thick skin . Huh ? It took three tranquilizer darts to bring it down . Is this some kind of next-gen weapon that your agency is experimenting with ? No . No ! Still no leads on the other three bears ? No , but Park Service is going to cordon off the woods and do a grid search . If they are here , we 'll find them . Okay , we 'll help you look . Sure . What is it ? Where 's your friend , Jackson ? JACKSON : Over here ! ABRAHAM : Jackson . Ice-cold . He 's been dead for at least a few days . What is this place ? It 's Fort de Châtillon . It was built in the 1870s , from the Prussian War . They tore most of it down 40 years ago . What is it , rafiki ? Bear scat . Multiple tracks . Must be three of them . [ IN FRENCH ] Delightful . JACKSON : Abe , look at this . Does that hole look big enough for a bear to get in ? [ IN FRENCH ] CHLOE : Huh ? CHLOE : [ IN ENGLISH ] Guys , I mapped this place for the city . It 's a maze in there , you 'll get lost . - Do you have a gun for me ? CHLOE : No . [ GROWLING ] [ ABRAHAM HUMMING ] Really ? What ? It comforts me . [ SNARLING ] What is that ? The bears . They 're snoring . Oh , my God . [ SNORING ] There 's no signal . I can 't call this in . There 's only two of them . Where 's the third ? Come on . [ WHISPERING ] Okay , guys . That 's three . Can we go now and alert Wildlife Services ? Let 's go . When we were living together , I was always the one who killed the spiders . What is it ? This is where the bears were sleeping . Are you certain ? I remember the debris right there in that corner . Okay . Let 's get out of here . Come on . [ GROWLING ] Stand your ground . All right ? Don 't ... Don 't run , but don 't let it think you 're a threat . - No ! - The other bears . We gotta stop him . Aah ! [ CHLOE SPEAKS IN FRENCH ] [ COCKS GUN ] - You okay ? - Yes . JACKSON : Hey ! Hey , bear ! Look right over here ! Come get me ! So my friend can shoot you in the back ! Huh ? Come on over here ! Hey , Mr. Bear ! Right over here ! That 's right . Right over here ! Nicely done . Anytime . [ INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ] [ CHLOE SPEAKS IN FRENCH ] [ IN FRENCH ] [ IN FRENCH ] [ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] This is the DNA profile of our bear from the lab . And this is the same bear 's DNA six years ago , when he was first tagged . - It changed . MITCH : Mm-hm . Because of the Mother Cell . - Uh , yes and no . - What does that mean ? MITCH : Okay , think of it this way . None of the Earth 's creatures are born perfect . Right ? We all have genetic anomalies . Be it a birthmark , double-jointed wrists , webbed toes . But the anomalies that become the norm are the ones that are adaptive . That are more useful to survival , like opposable thumbs . What does it have to do with animals ? The traits we 've seen . The bear 's endoskeleton , the bats flying abnormally high , lions seemingly communicating over long distances ... They all make their species more capable of survival . - Stronger , better . - And what I think ... Just like our ancestors developed opposable thumbs , I think the Mother Cell is just accelerating these mutations in the animal kingdom that we would see occur naturally , but not for another several generations . Maybe a couple hundred years from now , depending on how long it takes us to screw up the planet . But we 're seeing it now because of the Mother Cell . But here 's the good news ... If the Mother Cell can make a naturally-occurring situation worse , maybe it can do the opposite . MITCH : Correct . But what 's the opposite ? The Mother Cell can cure the animals ? Dr. Morgan believes so , yes . He says it will take some time to figure out how to alter the Mother Cell 's chemistry to make a vaccine , but he 's convinced that his reasoning is sound . Wow . - This is ... - Exciting . Yes , I know . And the answer to the question you haven 't asked me yet is no . No . I 'm not gonna cut loose the member of my team who killed Agent Shafer . And if you 're not happy with the way I 'm handling my assignment , you can feel free to replace me . But until then , now that I know what 's happening to the animals , I am gonna try to do my best to reverse it . If that 's okay with you . You surprise me , Miss Tousignant . Thank you . I believe you 're waiting for me . I 'm Clayton Burke . I had to lie to my wife . She doesn 't understand why I had to rush off to Paris and miss our 24th wedding anniversary . And I have to tell my daughter why she 's dying , even though there are people who have a medicine that can save her life . Her name 's Clementine . She 's 10 . We first discovered she had Glazier 's Syndrome when she was 7 . So , basically , as long as she can remember , she 's been the kid who 's dying . I 'm sorry . That 's not what I want to hear from you . What I want to hear is : " Yes , of course , your daughter can have the drug that can cure her . " Followed by the question : " When can we deliver it ? " Well , I 'm assuming you applied for the Stage 3 trials and your daughter was rejected because she 's too young . Maybe I 'm not being clear . I don 't want her placed in a trial . Seven years of wildly successful trials is enough to convince me that your drug will cure her . Three months of pills and she 'll be symptom-free . And how do you expect me to do that ? The entire program is under intense FDA screening . Every dose is accounted for . Not my problem , is it ? I 'll expect a call from you within 48 hours , telling me where and when I can get my medicine . The Mother Cell . How do we even know you have it ? Have a nice day . Ripped By mstoll
