 NARRATOR : For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest all across the globe animals have decided " no more . " And so we were hired , a team of people from different backgrounds , with different specialties . An expert in animal behavior , a journalist , safari guide , foreign intelligence agent , and a veterinary pathologist . Our task : To find out what is happening with the animals , why it 's happening , and how to stop it . Previously on Zoo : The global pandemic your father believes was about to emerge . - It appears it has arrived . - We 're all here because you believe that these scientific theories of a notorious crackpot are now coming to pass . Mitch Morgan , as advertised . This is Agent Ben Shafer of the FBI . Uh , Jackson . Hey , now 's not really a good time . Jamie , listen to me . Ben Shafer killed the optometrist . He 's a corrupt FBI agent . [ GRUNTING ] LEO : The Mother Cell is in every single product Reiden makes . It 's everywhere , it 's all over the world and it can 't be stopped . The Mother Cell can cure the animals . CHLOE : Dr. Morgan believes so , yes . You 're talking about your daughter . Her name is Clementine , she 's 10 , she was diagnosed three years ago . Why aren 't you with her ? Baby mama married a decent guy and I just decided to let them have their family until she got sick and I started beating down the doors of every research hospital in the country . Then her mom put a stop to that . He says that he has the Mother Cell . He 's willing to give it back , but he needs something in return . I have to tell my daughter why she 's dying . Your drug will cure her . I 'll expect a call from you within 48 hours , telling me where and when I can get my medicine . DELAVANE : I 'm sending you back to the States . To Pender Island , Massachusetts , to be precise . Why ? What 's going on ? Two weeks ago , a cargo ship left Oslo , Norway , bound for Portland , Maine . The crew complained about an unusually high rat population . And while there are always rats on a ship , 48 hours into the journey , the crew reported the ship had become literally infested . That there were hundreds of rats on board . Eventually , the ship ended up adrift , not far from the small resort community of Pender . MAN : Rats . Where a fisherman claims to have seen thousands of rats leaving the ship and swimming for shore . When local authorities boarded the vessel , they found the crew dead , their bodies in a horrible condition , suggesting they had been attacked by the rats . Among the cargo was grain from a farm that uses Reiden pesticides . So , what do you want us to do ? Go to Pender Island . Conduct an initial threat assessment to determine if a containment protocol is necessary . Hopefully , it will not be . But most importantly , capture one male and one female rat and bring them back for analysis . I 'm staying here in Paris for another week . Keep me posted . - And good luck . - Thank you . JAMIE : I 'm just saying , all four of us don 't need to go . I could come with you . I could stay in a motel and go through the Reiden documents from Paris , and you can go and talk all things Mother Cell - with your friend at Harvard . - I think you should stay with the others . A day on the island is a good way to stay under the radar . And if anyone is looking into Ben Shafer 's death , more people you have watching your back , the better . You keep saying things like that , people are gonna start to think you care . [ CELL PHONE BEEPS ] It 's me . I 'm in town , and I have the Mother Cell for you , but I 'm not gonna be able to deliver it until later today so call me . We 'll arrange a meet . Ripped By mstoll How did a few rats become thousands on the course of a trip across the Atlantic ? Well , if Mitch is right and the Mother Cell is an accelerant , it may be , by being exposed to it in a contained environment , it accelerated the reproductive nature of the rats . Or we could be seeing it in rats first because they have a short gestation period . What if this is just the beginning ? We could face a massive population explosion in the entire animal kingdom . A swarms of rats is one thing , but a swarm of lions , tigers , alligators ... How would we even begin to fight back against something like that ? Okay , first things first . We have to warn the people on Pender Island . I 'm pretty sure they 'd be aware . Aside from a fisherman , no one has reported any rats at all . None ? That doesn 't make any sense . What does make sense since this whole thing began ? We need to capture a male and a female . It 's the only way to see how the Mother Cell affects their reproductive behavior . So we 're going on a rat hunt . What 's the matter , rafiki ? The men that died on that cargo ship were eaten by rats . Okay . It 's been proven that rats that taste human blood begin to crave it . Well , that 's just awesome . There 's something on your mind and it 's not just the rats . We vacationed there . When I was a kid . Pender Island ? Before my dad got bad . He 'd rent a shack on the beach every summer on the side of the island that hadn 't been built up yet . Have a big clambake , invite all the neighbors . So you see , you still have some good memories about your father . Sure . But the last really good ones took place on that island . Which appears to have been overrun with bloodthirsty rats . Clem 's just getting it together . - How you been ? - Fine . MITCH : Oh , there he is . There he is . Hey , you remember me ? Hm ? I 'm the guy who brought you here , a long time ago . - Has he been acting okay ? - He got hit by a car . Yeah , I know . Clem told me . So he 's been acting like a dog who got hit by a car . What I meant was , is ... Has he been acting aggressively in any way ? Not at all . Why ? Hello . Hey , Clem . Look , babe . Henry remembers Mitch . Isn 't that amazing ? It is because I don 't . It 's okay . I remember you . So , what are you guys gonna do ? You haven 't planned anything ? You haven 't seen her in eight years and still , you haven 't planned anything ? I just thought we 'd , you know , improvise . Why don 't you take him to your park , Clem ? - Okay . - I 'll pack up some sandwiches . - You can picnic . - I 'll get Henry 's leash . Oh . Henry 's gonna come ? There she is . Hey , sheriff . Becky ? Jackson ? Yeah . Wow , I haven 't seen you since ... - Forever . Heh . - Yeah . - This is my friend , uh , Chloe . - Nice to meet you . Hello , friend Chloe . I was his first love . But don 't be jealous . - We were 12 . - Oh , no , no , no . We , uh ... Chloe 's ... We work together . - Yeah . - Oh , I 'm sorry . You look , well , you look like two people who should be together . Again , I 'm sorry . [ CHUCKLES ] So your office said we 'd find you here . We want to talk about the rats that came off the ship the other night . What about them ? Billy T. , the fisherman . He has a gift for exaggeration , a fondness for whiskey . If he claimed he saw a hundred rats , you can be pretty sure he saw more like 12 . There 's nothing to be concerned about . Actually , uh , there is . You saw the bodies on the ship , right ? Well , you seriously think rats killed the crew ? Rats don 't eat live people . In fact , they 're more afraid of us than we are of them . The coroner hasn 't finished his exams yet , but unofficially , he believes it was a carbon monoxide leak that killed those men . And then the hungry rats came in and feasted on the corpses . It 's tragic , sure , but not sinister . Yeah . I 've sent Mitch five text messages asking if he 's arrived at Harvard yet . No reply . - Have you heard from him ? - No . But I haven 't reached out to him yet . I have patience . I don 't . What 's taking them so long ? - Should we go over there ? - No . We wait here , as discussed . At this present time , you and any representative of the law is a bad idea . - I 'm not a fugitive , Abe . - Not yet . And it would be nice to keep it that way . I think that you should consider evacuating the island . - Just to be safe . - Are you kidding ? What is this all about , Jackson ? We 've been studying animal behavior all over the world and there is a real danger here . You know how much this community depends on the tourists . Evacuating in the middle of peak season would cause a heck of a lot more damage than any rats ever could . If thousands of rats had shown up , someone would have seen them . So far , all I 've heard about are a few being spotted over by the Wilson . - Remember the Wilson Hotel ? - Yeah , of course . It 's been closed for a while now . It 's undergoing some renovations . All right . That 's fine . Thank you very much , Becky . Well , it was really good to see you , Jackson . And if you stay on-island , we should get together . Just no more rat talk , you hear ? The Wilson Hotel . That 's where we have to go . It 's huge . If it 's deserted , it would make the perfect breeding ground for them , once the ship was no longer viable . MAN : Come on , Fitzy . What 's your problem ? What do you got against reality TV shows ? I 'm just saying , they got shows on fishermen and repo men . Even those duck guys with the beards . Why not one on pest control ? I mean , I 've been called many things in my day but boring ain 't one of them . Imagine yours truly whipping out Old Reliable to scorch a colony of wasps . That 's some must-see TV right there , I 'm telling you ! Hey , I gotta jump . I got me a live one . Hey there , little buddy . Just stay right there . Where you going ? Where you going , buddy ? Where 's my little buddy ? Hey , little fella . [ CLANKING AND SQUEAKING ] All right . There you are . [ MAN SCREAMING ] ABRAHAM : Come on , you son of a ... JACKSON : You used to be good at this . ABRAHAM : Got it . JACKSON : Thirty-seven seconds . You 're slowing down . It 's the salt air . Makes the lock stick . - Well , okay then . - Guess they 're not finished wiring . I 'll have a look for a circuit panel . See if I can get some light . CHLOE : Hey , the exterminator left some traps . Look . ABRAHAM : It hasn 't been touched . - Neither has this one . ABRAHAM : Those traps are no good to us because they are store-bought junk intended to kill the rats . Unlike like what we 've brought , which should merely trap them , hopefully becoming a honeymoon suite for a male and female for Mitch to observe . The fact that it 's come to this , searching for killer rats in an abandoned hotel . - I should have gone to college . - I thought you did go to college . Should have gone to a better college . Well , happy hunting . Chloe and I will check the traps on the upper floors . You guys look down here . Nice park you got here . What makes it yours ? Well , Mom never really lets me out of the house by myself anymore . But when she does , I 'm allowed to come here . With Henry . Oh . I , uh , brought you a present . Cool . A piece of paper . Open it . You do know I 'm still at the age where I would play with a doll , right ? A doll would 've been fine . Duly noted . Just open it . A parking ticket . You got me a parking ticket . A really old parking ticket . It 's 10 years old , to be exact . I got that outside of Brigham and Women 's Hospital on the day you were born . Okay . When your mother 's water broke , the neighbor had to take her to the hospital because , uh , I was at a duck sanctuary in Westport . And there was traffic and I was late . So I had to park illegally and I got that ticket . But I made it there on time . And you saved it . Mm-hm . To , you know , commemorate me making it to the delivery room to see you arrive . Anyway , now it 's yours . It 's like a family heirloom . Yeah . Something like that . With a ketchup stain . - Oh , that 's , uh , coffee , I think . - Oh . [ CLEMENTINE CHUCKLES ] Last year , I just decided what the heck , signed up for the dating service . - And here we are . Heh . - Yeah . You know , there is a trick , apparently very popular among ... the ladies on a first date . Twenty minutes into the date , they have a friend call on the cell phone and if the date isn 't going well , they fake an emergency and bolt . That 's terrible . I know about this because it 's happened to me three times now . A little bit of a coincidence , don 't you think ? So , what do you do ? I manage a chain of hair salons . In Queens . Oh . That explains why the dating service thought we 'd be a good match . You manage hair salons and I have this luxurious mane . [ WOMAN LAUGHS AND CELL PHONE RINGS ] Ahem . Want to get that ? Might be an emergency . Nope . I 'm sure that it 's not an emergency . Some of these wires are chewed clean through . I could maybe fix it if I could see it , Jamie . Sorry . I still haven 't heard from Mitch . It 's killing me , to be this close to taking down Reiden . So , what if we did ? What if Reiden was found guilty of everything you ever suspected them of doing ? What then ? What do you mean ? When I was a little boy , my cousin Simon and I were obsessed with finding a particularly endangered member of the antelope family , the hirola . We traveled all around the countryside just to catch a glimpse of one . Then , finally , in Somalia , we found a small herd of hirola . Yes , it was as beautiful as we had hoped and many photos were taken . But when we traveled home , we realized there was an emptiness . We had expended so much energy on a single-minded pursuit . And it was over . What now ? I appreciate what you 're saying . But I assure you , there will be no emptiness when we bring down Reiden . There will be only joy . JACKSON : Looks like Abraham found the circuit panel . [ SQUEAKING AND SCAMPERING ] It sounds like there 's hundreds of them . Maybe thousands . Thousands . [ RATTLING NOISE ] What is that ? - It 's called bruxing . - Bruxing ? It 's the sound they make when they grind their incisors . You 're saying that ... Yes , that they 're sharpening their teeth . Looks like we have a winner . Careful . Don 't let it bite you . Come on . Come on to your old friend Abraham . JACKSON : Hey ! JAMIE : Ah ! It 's worse than we thought . - You got one . ABRAHAM : Yes . A male . Okay , now we just need a female . JAMIE : At the risk of sounding overly girly , this is all really , really , really disgusting . [ LINE RINGS ] - Sheriff Bowman . - Becky , it 's Jackson . I can barely hear you , Jackson . What 's that noise ? The Wilson is literally crawling with rats . - We hear them in the walls . - You 're at the Wilson ? Yes . There are thousands of rats inside . You have to at least evacuate all the nearby homes . I need to stop at the station , then I 'm on my way . - Stay where you are . - Don 't come . You have to keep people away from here . Becky . Damn it , she hung up . Come on , the sooner we find a female rat , the sooner we get out of here . Let 's eat . Oh . Okay . I remember your mother 's cooking is not so good . Have these been approved by the FDA ? Afraid not . What is it ? That 's either very old cheese or very new meat . [ CHUCKLES ] Do you have a wife ? Or a girlfriend ? No . And you 've never met Justin , right ? No . Just on the phone . You like him ? I do . A lot . He 's awesome . But I don 't call him " Dad " or anything , in case you were wondering . Okay . So , um , how you feeling ? Not bad . For a dead girl . You know , you really shouldn 't call yourself that . Why not ? It 's what the other kids call me . WOMAN : Really ? You 're checking your phone ? Are you hoping one of your pals will call you with an exit strategy ? Ha . No . I just ... I 'm worried about a colleague of mine who vanished . Oh . - I 'm sorry . - No , it 's all right . I 'm sure he 's fine . He 's something of a protégé of mine . Younger guy . Number 12 . We call him that because he 's ... He 's handsome like a quarterback . [ WOMAN CHUCKLES ] You never told me what you do for a job . That 's probably because it 's very hard to explain . I settle differences within my business . Like a mediator . Yeah , something like that , I guess . Heh . But , uh , Number 12 is special . He 's a good kid . I guess since my son took off for California , I ... Well ... - I 'm sure he 's fine . - Yeah , well , me too . Hello there . Care for a ride ? - Oh , I don 't know , I ... You ? - Why not ? - Let 's do it . - I 've never done this . MAN : Here you go . Watch your step . WOMAN : Thank you . [ NEIGHING ] It 's all right . My patch job must not have held . Perhaps it worked better than I thought . [ ELEVATOR DINGS ] - Hey , guys . The elevator 's here . - Must be Becky . JACKSON : Through here . - Move , move , move . Come on , come on ! - Where 's Chloe ? - Oh , my God . [ WOMAN LAUGHS ] Hey , you don 't mind me asking , how long you two been together ? Not long . - Nothing ? - No . Sorry . It 's okay to be worried about your friend . [ NEIGHING ] - Whoa , Gypsy . Whoa . - Everything all right ? No , he just got spooked . I 'm not sure why . - Whoa , slow down . Come on . - What 's wrong ? - Come on , boy . Gypsy , whoa ! - Is there something you can do ? - I 'm trying ! Gypsy , slow down ! - Aah ! Come on , slow down . Gypsy , stop . The horse is out of control ! Ah ! - No , no , no ! - I 've got you . Let 's go ! [ PEOPLE SCREAMING ] That was a good day . You should come around more often , professor . Yeah , I think so too . Jackson ? Hello ? We 're clear . JACKSON : She 's not answering her phone . She 'll be okay . Chloe 's a badass , right ? Hold on . Do you hear that ? Yeah , it 's coming from your game bag . Impossible . Dude ! - Thought you said that was a male rat . - It is male , trust me . - Well , how could a male rat give birth ? - I don 't know . Ugh . Some species reproduce asexually . Insects , fish , reptiles . But not rats . No mammals , for that matter . - They 're all male . - Are you sure ? You want to count rodent penises , be my guest . I 'll take your word for it . But how can that be ? I don 't know . I don 't know , but it is . Well , is that so unusual ? It is statistically unheard of for standardized litter to be comprised of entirely one sex . - I suppose it 's not impossible but ... - Highly unlikely . Okay , animals reproduce to ensure the survival of their species , right ? What if that 's changing ? Think about the mutations we 've seen in the other animals . The lions communicating over great distances . The bears and their endoskeletons . The bats , the rats . The whole thing . What if these mutations are not about the ... survival of one species but the destruction of another ? Meaning us ? We gotta find Chloe . Hello ? Jackson ? [ RATS BRUXING ] Ah . Chloe . So much for the coroner 's theory that rats don 't eat people . CHLOE : Yes , and we need to find something better than rat traps . Yeah . You take care of these people , okay ? I need you to keep an eye on him . If he starts displaying any atypical aggression , just put him in his crate . Call me . - What are you talking about ? - It 's a thing that I 'm working on . Certain animals are acting strange . If you notice anything , please , just call me , all right ? - Justin too . - And why would I do that ? Because I 'm an animal expert . No , I mean , why would I call you ? About anything ? I 'm just curious . - All right , Audra , look ... - Is this your midlife crisis , Mitch ? Where you feel guilty about all the crappy things you 've done , like walk out on your wife and your baby girl ? Is that what this is ? - No , it isn 't . - Buy a sports car . Go to a nightclub full of cheerleaders . Have a regular person 's midlife crisis . But do not , for one second , think that I need you here . Okay . But answer me one thing , why now ? Why , after all this time , did you call and say you wanted to see her ? Why now ? Let 's assume , for a minute , that the cargo ship loaded with Reiden products accelerated the reproduction of the few rats on board . Okay , then once the ship got close and was no longer safe , - they had to find another viable option . ABRAHAM : This abandoned hotel . Hey , guys . It 's ... They don 't sound right . They 're suffering . I think they 're dehydrated . It 's no wonder . Male rats can 't nurse . Well , like , up until ten minutes ago , they couldn 't give birth , either . Yeah , well , something 's nursing the pups . Given how quickly the rats are multiplying , they have to be feeding . There 's got to be females around somewhere . - And they must be big . - Big ? Why big ? To feed all these pups . Wait , are you ... Are you guys saying that there are some kind rat queens ? If there are , we have to find them . Okay , that would be crucial to understanding this particular mutation . How about you guys go and find your rat queen and I go and find Chloe ? Jamie , do you really want to be in this place alone ? How about we stick together and find them both , huh ? WOMAN : That horse . What was wrong with it ? I don 't know . I 'm a little more concerned about you . - See you at the hospital , okay ? - Okay . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] - Hey . MAN : Hey , boss . It 's me , Murph . Yeah , I 'm in a bit of a situation here . Can I call you back ? - It 's about your friend , Number 12 . - What about him ? He 's dead . - What are you talking about ? - He was shot . His body was just found in a hotel stairwell . In Alabama . Any leads ? Security cam footage from the hotel lobby . Sending it to you now . [ SIREN WAILING ] Who are those people with him ? And what was Ben Shafer doing in Alabama ? I don 't know , but I 'm sure as hell gonna find out . JAMIE : Where are we going ? JACKSON : Rats build nests to raise their young so you 'd think with this many rats we 'd see a bunch of nests . - But we haven 't seen any . - Exactly . So maybe if we 're looking for one big queen rat , we should be looking for one big nest . Something tells me you already know where such an area might be . I think I do . Well , being the wise ones we are , we 'll do our best to avoid such an area . We shall not . ABRAHAM : Perhaps you are wrong . [ SQUEAKING ] JACKSON : I 'm afraid not . JAMIE : Ah ! ABRAHAM : Dear Lord ! JAMIE : Oh , my God . I think we 're all agreed that these creatures need to be destroyed . - Any suggestions on how to do that ? - I don 't know , but ... I think we have a bigger problem . What do we do ? CHLOE : Guys . - Chloe , stay out of here . Queens ! Get the queens ! - Get out of here ! - Go , go , go ! [ SIREN WAILING ] JACKSON : Fire got them all . Any pups that survive , they won 't last long . Not without the females . I called an off-island exterminator , just to be safe . That 's a good idea . There 's something more to it , isn 't there ? Whatever it is you 're looking into ? There might be . Heh . Well , good luck . And be safe . And don 't wait another ten years to come back here . This island is still great . When it 's rat-free . Hey , Becky , wait a second . - I need to apologize . - For what ? For disappearing , back then . And never explaining why . You didn 't have to explain . I knew . Everybody knew what ... Ahem . Was going on with your father . Right . Of course . Besides , we were 12 . [ BOTH CHUCKLE ] CHLOE : You had good taste when you were 12 . I 'll breathe a lot easier when we 're off this island . CLAYTON : This would be much more civilized if you 'd just give me your name . My assistant told me , " That man is here . The surly one . " That 's what he called you . Can we just get this over with ? There should be more than enough here to help your daughter . It 's a six-week course of treatment . The protocol is simple : Two pills , three times a day . [ INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE ] The Mother Cell . Ripped By mstoll
