 Previously on " Agent Carter " ... Colleen : Peg , you work at the phone company . It ain 't life and death . Carter : Darling , you have no idea . Agent Carter , all hands on deck . Meaning cover the phones . Howard , you 're asking me to become a traitor in order to prove you are not one . Howard : You want a mission that matters ? This is it . I 'm going to regret this , aren 't I ? Absolutely . My Butler ... Edwin Jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . Where are you ? ! Go ! Go ! Your line of work requires support . There is not a man or woman , who is capable of carrying the entire world on their shoulders . You sweet on her , Sousa ? [ Chuckles ] I was gonna grab a drink . Want to join me ? Maybe another time , all right ? Sure thing . Another time . May I introduce you to our new resident ? Oh , call me Dottie . Return to your room . Dottie : I can be anybody I want . Maybe I 'll be an SSR agent next . Carter : I 'm afraid Dottie escaped . Promise me you 'll get the son of a bitch who did this . - We 'll catch them . - Attagirl . Chief ! Man : Chief ! You think you know me . - Hands up . - What are we gonna do about this guy ? We found a way of preventing him from speaking . Should you again find yourself in need of my services , I would be honored to assist you , Miss Carter . Good work , Carter . You saved thousands of lives . You 're all lucky that you work for him . I just did what needed to be done . - Yeah . - How can you take that ? Carter : It doesn 't bother me . I know my value . ♪ Deposit or a withdrawal ? Withdrawal . - All right , all of you ... Let me see your hands ! - The three of you , over here ! Move it ! Let 's go ! - Get ' em up ! - Hands where I can see them ! This way ! Go , go ! - Man : Please ... - I 'm talking to you ! You , too . On your feet . ♪ I 'll need the key to safety deposit box number 143 . Turning that handle to the left sets off the bank alarm . For a pittance , you 'll risk your life to protect someone else 's fortune ? Pull it to the right . [ Grunts ] Weren 't you taught any manners ? Help the geezer . [ Grunts ] ♪ [ Grunts ] ♪ [ Grunts ] Dorothy Underwood , you are under arrest . ♪ Hey , drop that gun ! - Drop it ! - Don 't move ! We 've got you surrounded ! Don 't even think about it . We are the SSR ! Lower your weapons . Carter : You heard the man . ♪ [ Grunts ] ♪ Man : Hey , look out ! ♪ [ Breathing heavily ] ♪ New hairstyle ? ♪ [ Coins rattling ] ♪ [ Coins rattling ] Aah ! ♪ Love the hat . ♪ Oh , give me land , lots of land ♪ ♪ Under starry skies above ♪ ♪ Don 't fence me in ♪ ♪ Let me ride through the wide open country that I love ♪ ♪ Don 't fence me in ♪ ♪ Let me be by myself ♪ [ Engine shuts off ] He 's right here . [ Coughs ] [ Police radio chatter ] You the science cop ? Detective Andrew Henry , homicide . Daniel Sousa , Strategic Scientific Reserve . Oh , I 'd shake your hand , but I 'm one of those suckers who catches a cold whether it 's summer , spring , winter , or fall . What do we got ? You ever hear of the lady of the lake killings ? - Can 't say I have . - How long you been in L.A. ? Six months . Two years ago , the lady of the lake killer dropped two dead women in Echo Park Lake . Led a task force with manhunts , press conferences , and everything . And ? Never caught the bastard . Disappeared . Till today . You found another body . Dead woman in the exact same lake . No two ways about it ... My guy 's back . So why was the SSR called in ? If it was up to me , you 'd be working on your tan right now , but my lieutenant 's got a bee in his bonnet about jurisdiction . The hottest day of the year , right ? Only the lake don 't know it . [ Sighs ] [ Spectators murmuring ] [ Ice creaking ] [ Coughs ] [ Sighs ] ♪ Look at this . So ... Until we catch this lunatic , looks like you and me are partners . [ Horns honking ] [ Chatter ] ♪ Here are the things you will tell me ... The names of your handlers in Russia , your methods of communication with them , the names and whereabouts of other communist operatives on American soil , why you were targeting Bowery Savings Bank , and who it is you are working for . Feel like I got a front-row seat to Rocky Graziano versus Tony Zale . [ Chuckles ] Quiet . Peggy , I expected so much more from you , not [ British accent ] " you will tell me this and this and this . " [ Normal voice ] Where 's your technique ? Girls like you raised with silver spoons and perfect skin , you expect everything to come to you so easily . You have one chip to trade on ... Fear . And fear is the one tool that little girls who grow up handcuffed to their beds learn . I , however ... Am not afraid of you . Now , this was found in deposit box 143 . There was no owner on the bank registry . Why did you want it ? Peg ... We both know there are currencies stronger than money . ♪ If anyone can break Dottie Underwood , it 's Carter . [ Chuckles ] You two mooks have something better to do ? Or is your service not needed at the SSR ? Chief , L.A. ' s on the horn . Thanks . ♪ How 's the surf today , Agent Sousa ? That 's Chief Sousa to you . And congratulations , Jack . I hear you caught Dottie Underwood . Yeah , we caught a lead right after you left to open the west coast bureau . Seems as if you were our bad-luck charm . [ Chuckles ] You tell that joke at least once a month . What you got ? We caught a mystery out here ... An ice cube the size of a lake with a dead woman trapped inside . Who 's the body ? Don 't know yet . I got a homicide dick who says this is the work of a killer he 's been chasing the past two years . I 'm heading up a task force with him , but , Jack , my L.A. office is too green . So , what ? You want to leave New York thin because the moment you catch a real case , you throw your hands in the air ? You know I 'm understaffed as is . I 'm sure you can spare one guy . [ Chuckles ] I have just the man for you . Thank you . ♪ Are you trying to undermine this interrogation ? I was just beginning to make her feel comfortable . Every interruption sets me back an hour . Well , that 's no longer your worry . You 're done here . What ? Why ? We caught a high-profile case that needs eyeballs with experience . Well , give it to someone else . No one knows Dottie like I do . We used to live next door to each other . Yeah , and you had no idea she was a spy . Next flight leaves for Los Angeles in three hours . Sousa asked for you and nobody else . Did he ? Yeah . It 's a real burden being everybody 's favorite agent , isn 't it ? If this is about your insecurity , Chief Thompson , then I suggest you deal with it in your own time . Don 't sabotage our first real shot at uncovering Dottie 's true agenda . Carter ... Believe it or not , the SSR can actually function without you once in a while . And who will you have interrogate her ? Plan on doing that myself . Jack , she isn 't afraid of you . Hmm . Pack your bags . [ Big-band music plays ] ♪ The hills of California ♪ ♪ Are something to see ♪ ♪ The sun will kinda warm ya ♪ ♪ Then drop in the sea ♪ Miss Carter . Mr. Jarvis . [ Music continues ] Thank you for collecting me . I hope it wasn 't a bother . Not at all . I 'm delighted to see you again . Shall we ? Um , Mr. Jarvis ... Yes ? I understand Howard came out west for a defense contract . He did . And you did say you came out here to arrange his estate . I think I see where this is heading . - What I don 't understand ... - You 're puzzled , perhaps . Uh , puzzled , yes , that 's the word . It 's the flamingo , isn 't it ? It is , indeed , the flamingo . [ Flamingo squawks ] Regrettably , you are not the only house guest to whom Mr. Stark has extended an invitation . Meet the newest member of the Stark mansion menagerie ... Bernard . Bernard . Bernard Stark , to give his full name . [ Flamingo squawks ] Ready for another adventure , Miss Carter ? Uh ... Where is Howard ? Mr. Stark 's latest hobby keeps him quite busy . He 's opening a moving-picture studio . Fancies himself to be Cecil B. Demille . Fatty Arbuckle , more like . I 'll rent a car and get out of your hair as soon as possible . Oh , no . With Mr. Stark out of town , I can easily shuttle you from place to place . Oh , I 'd never dream of such an imposition . Miss Carter , you have no idea how foreign Los Angeles will seem to a civilized person such as yourself . They eat avocados with everything . The foliage is preposterous . Take the palm tree . Would you trust the structural integrity of such a thing ? - No , I suppose not . - They afford no shade . Everybody says it 's a very dry heat , but that doesn 't mean it isn 't unbearably hot . And worst of all , the drivers are both abundant and abundantly irresponsible . While I appreciate your concern , I am certain I can hazard the Los Angeles driving conditions . Miss Carter , since our last adventure , my life has consisted of oiling floorboards , cleaning pools , - and ... - [ Flamingo squawking ] Transporting exotic livestock . I 'm profoundly and exhaustively bored . Please , at least until Mr. Stark returns , allow me to drive you around . When can we expect our esteemed Mr. Stark to return from the preproductions of his motion picture ? That depends on how long the location scout allows Mr. Stark to ... scout her locations . Oh . [ Engine revs ] [ Brakes squeal ] Are we certain this is the place ? Positive as pie . Thank you , Mr. Jarvis . [ Shoes tapping ] [ Sighs ] Mm . [ Bell dings ] Hey , Peg ! I didn 't realize you were in town . Let me show you right through to Mr. Auerbach . Oh ! I 'm sorry . I don 't think you 're right for the Auerbach Theatrical Agency . Have a nice day . [ Scoffs ] That 's the third place this week . We don 't advertise . Our sign is barely legible . [ Bell dings ] Our address is wrong in the city directory . And yet , somehow , they find us . Come . I 'll show you right through . - You out here long ? - Possibly . Well , that pasty skin 's gonna get burned if you don 't cover up . Is California to your liking ? [ Sighs ] I was so sick of those New York shadows . The moment I heard Chief Sousa was heading up the new L.A. bureau , I leapt at the opportunity . It 's hot out here , sure , but it 's a ... - Dry heat . - Yes . Do you know I took up surfing ? [ Chuckles ] [ Sighs ] The " R " to the " S " cabinet . That 's easy enough to remember . [ Metal clanking , gears whirring ] ♪ How is ... everything ? Everything is through the first door on your right . You can 't miss him . ♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Sighs ] [ Telephone rings ] This is agent O 'Malley . [ Indistinct conversation ] Well , call him again . - Man : Yes , sir . - Hello . ♪ Chief . Peggy . What are you doing here ? The lady of the lake killer . Right . Thompson said you requested backup . Yes , yes . Yes , of course . Unless you 've solved it already . No , no , no . I ... I was expecting ... You didn 't put the request in . No , I did . But not for me . I ... I just didn 't think you were coming till tomorrow . Um ... Welcome to Los Angeles . Thank you . ♪ I know that all your time has been consumed - with setting up the SSR 's west coast bureau ... - It has been . - Traveling across the country ... - And staffing the office , I know . But I did call on several occasions . I 'm sorry . I , uh ... Why didn 't you return my messages ? Because sometimes , a three-hour time difference feels like a lifetime . Henry : Okay ! I 've got three more boxes of old case files downstairs . [ Grunts ] Detective Andrew Henry , L.A.P.D. Homicide , this is Agent Peggy Carter , SSR , New York . How many of you agents do we need ? As many as it takes to catch the killer . Well , that 's zero . This new body means I 'm gonna have journalists clawing down my door . With a little help from the press , I 'll catch our bad guy before evening rush on Cahuenga Pass . What if the frozen lake and the murder aren 't connected ? How do you figure ? You think they 're unrelated . The body was dumped at another time ... But was found only when another incident caused the lake to freeze . - Unlikely . - Most doubtful . - But not impossible . - What was that old dooley saying ? " Explore all avenues for unturned stones . " What 's a dooley ? The SSR came on board because a body of water froze during a heat wave . The first step we should take is to determine whether or not the dead body and the frozen lake are even the same crime . [ Shuddered breathing ] A thousands heaters blasting in here and it 's still freezing . I wish you 'd called . - So we 'd know to bring long Johns ? - So I could tell you not to come . I don 't have an autopsy report . Henry : Meltzer , you 're kidding me . This is the best chance we 've had in two years - to catch our man . - Why the delay ? Meltzer : This isn 't a layer of frostbite . She 's frozen through and through . Even with the heat shining on her ? She 's only beginning to thaw , but you 'll have to wait a bit longer , unless you want the autopsy performed with a chisel . Is there anything you could tell us from a visual inspection ? Well , her stab wounds are consistent - with the other lady of the lake victims . - Here 's the shoes . They 're on the wrong feet . Well , the killer 's signature is to switch his victim 's shoes . That detail was never released to the papers . See ? We got our guy . Do we know whether the body caused the lake to freeze or vice versa ? No . And to add to your ever-growing list of things we don 't know ... I can 't explain this , either . ♪ Fetch a chisel . Samberly : That 's not ice . Then what is it ? Short answer is , I don 't know . So is the long answer . And there 's nothing else you can tell us ? I 'm doing my best . You field agents , always looking down your noses at us lab techs . Excuse me ? Just because we don 't carry guns doesn 't mean we 're not in the SSR . We value your contributions . We 're just asking ... Then why not invite me when you agents grab drinks ? Aren 't you always invited ? No . Never . Well , yes . Of course you 're invited , doctor ... Samberly . Samberly . Yes , Samberly . What about the glow ? Samberly : The non-native matter is in a radioisotopic form , ionizing the nitrogen molecules in the air and blood to create the luminescence . The only occurrence that could create such a phenomenon is by producing the radioisotope in the form of uranium . [ Coughs ] What does that mean ? She was near a particle accelerator . The one used in the Manhattan project is in Tennessee . There 's another one in Pasadena at Isodyne Energy . I applied there but instead chose to go with SSR . Unfortunately . What is Isodyne Energy ? Isodyne Energy is a development laboratory dedicated to fuel initiatives in the 20th century . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? Do you know who works with the particle accelerator ? Our scientists . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? We 'd like to look around your facilities . - Do you have a search warrant ? - We do not . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? We 're pussyfooting around here while the killer 's stalking his next victim . Before we leave , um , may I use your restroom ? Why not ? We 've already wasted an hour coming here . It 's , um , on your right . Is there anything else I can help you with ... No ! Do I need a search warrant to know how many years you 've worked at Isodyne ? [ Door opens ] Oh . Oh ! Excuse me . Oh . Sturdy . Um , three years . [ Buzzer ] Is there anything else that I can help you with today ? ♪ [ Door closes ] [ Indistinct conversation ] ♪ Do you want to be thunderstruck ? ♪ Come here . [ Door opens ] I hope you 'll forgive me , but what you 're about to experience will change your life forever . I 'm not one for surprises . [ Motor whirring ] ♪ Taste this . Are you poisoning me ? Well , that 's ethanol , so ... Yes . ♪ Well , I 'm usually a-a whiskey girl , but [ Chuckles ] this is the best wine I 've ever tasted . See ? ! See , I realized that by manipulating the oxygen in the malic and succinic acids , I could tweak the pH balan ... So you 're a genius . No . But yes . [ Chuckles ] Who are you ? Uh , Agent Carter , with the Strategic Scientific Reserve . Do you know this woman ? Oh , my God . That 's Jane ... J-Jane Scott . W-what happened to her ? Did she work with the particle accelerator here ? W-we didn 't overlap . I-I work in containment research . I think she was a particle physicist . Did she have any friends here ? Well ... There were some rumors , but I don 't like to participate . By telling me , you wouldn 't be gossiping about Jane . You 'd be helping her . Let 's just say that ... She had a very close relationship with the owner of Isodyne Energy ... Calvin Chadwick . By that , I mean they were involved . Yes , I understand . Sleeping together . Your point is made . [ Door opens ] Excuse me . I 'm sorry I got you caught . Well , at least they didn 't find my scotch distillery . [ Chuckles ] Here 's my business card . If I can be of any more help , or if you want some more wine . Thank you , Doctor ... Wilkes . Let me give you my personal number . Oh , uh ... Very well . Maybe I should have your number , as well . I , uh ... I ... I ... don 't believe that 's necessary . Of course . Great . [ Chuckles ] Great . - Thank you . - Yes . [ Horns honking ] Calvin Chadwick 's office is stonewalling us , too . This is a sketch from a witness 's description of a man seen near Echo Park late at night two years ago . You know who this doesn 't look like ? Calvin Chadwick . Mr. Chadwick owns a horse racing this afternoon at Santa Anita . The man is running for Senate . Well , then he 'll be kissing babies and pressing palms , as well as hooves . That 's not my gist , lady . Calvin Chadwick is a wealthy industrialist . He 's not going around killing women and throwing them in a lake . What lead are you proposing we follow ? Not one from the word of some janitor . Jason Wilkes is a physicist ! Look , sweetheart , I don 't know how you do things in New York , but out here , if we go after Chadwick , the papers are gonna crucify us when they find out we 're wrong . - And what if we 're right ? - How would you handle it , detective ? I would use the press to our advantage . Give an interview to the newsreels , get the word out there . I take it you have journalist contacts ? I got contacts all over the place . I 'll arrange everything , okay ? Have at it . We 'll comb through your old files , see if there isn 't a clue we missed . Thank you . [ Telephone rings ] El Lobo 's racing in the fourth . Place a bet for me after you find Chadwick . My wife , Ana , has a very modern sense of style . I 'm certain she 'll have picked out the perfect outfit for you for a covert operation at the races . She 's your stylist , what can go wrong ? [ Flamingo squawks , tires screech ] ♪ [ Flamingo squawks ] I couldn 't maneuver him into the enclosure . He 's the devil in pink . [ Tires screech , flamingo squawks ] Jarvis : Mrs. Jarvis ! [ Gasps ] Miss Carter is here . [ Hungarian accent ] Miss Carter , - I feel like I already know you . - Oh . [ Laughs ] Oh ! She hugs . [ Chuckles ] She does not hug . It 's a pleasure to finally meet . Yes . Well , I 'll give you both some privacy . Excuse me , Mr. Jarvis . Oh . Hmm . ♪ [ Moaning passionately ] [ Sighs ] She 's an embarrassing creature . [ Laughs ] He 's too easy . What 's that look ? Uh , I don 't know . I suppose I was expecting someone more ... Like Mr. Jarvis ? In a girdle ? [ Laughs ] Precisely . From his tales of your heroics , I was picturing a circus strongman in a wig . [ Chuckles ] I 've selected a few potential ensembles for the racetrack , but I 've also sewed you ... This . What is it ? A garter . - That 's also a holster . - [ Gasps ] - [ Giggles ] - You are fantastic . [ Laughs ] [ Chuckles ] [ Flashbulbs popping , big-band music playing ] [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪ [ Flashbulb pops ] That is Calvin Chadwick . [ Flashbulbs popping ] [ Chuckles ] Oh , and his wife , Whitney Frost . Who ? Whitney Frost , star of " the 'F ' Stands for Freedom . " She doesn 't look familiar . Well , surely you 've seen " Tales of Suspense . " I 'm not one for the cinema . What do you do for relaxation ? Assemble rifles ? I trust you to distract her with your flattery . Aside from " Danger , " my middle name is " Charm . " [ Sniffles ] [ Both laugh ] Excuse me . Miss Frost ? Edwin Jarvis . Head of production , Stark Pictures . Oh . Charmed . Might I have a word ? [ American accent ] Mr. Chadwick , I am one of your biggest advocates for Senate . What a delight to see such an attractive young woman like yourself interested in politics . If you don 't beat that ugly old representative Anderson , California is gonna go to hell in hand basket . [ Laughs ] I think I need you on my campaign committee . Why , just the other day , I was extolling your virtues to a dear friend of mine ... Uh , Jane Scott . Yes . Well ... Thank you for your support . [ Normal voice ] Are you aware that Miss Scott is dead ? Who did you say you are , Miss ? Agent Peggy Carter with the SSR . When was the last time you saw Miss Scott ? Is it SSR protocol to surprise people with the death notices of their employees ? I understand she was more privileged than an employee . Is your wife aware you were having an affair ? You would be perfect for the lead role in a new Stark Pictures production . Really ? And what 's the picture ? - The movie ? - Yes . Th-that Stark Pictures is ... is currently casting is ... is called ... " The British Are Coming . " Mm . I 'm tired of costume dramas , to be honest . Oh , no , no , no . This would be a ... A spy picture . No , you 'd play a female agent . Tough as nails . Now I 'm intrigued . So , she , uh , doesn 't have a love interest ? Um , uh ... we haven 't found the right actor yet . If you have nothing to hide , you 'll hand over a complete list of employees at Isodyne Energy . I 'm a patriot and I would gladly help , but Isodyne Energy deals in classified and confidential United States government contracts . If you get proper clearance , I will give you a tour myself . And in the meantime , I have to collect my winnings . Have a good day , Miss Carter . Hello , love . Mr. Jarvis , our horse lost . Oh , no . We 'll be in touch , Miss Frost . Carter : Chadwick was nervous . He has more to hide than a dalliance with an employee . Now that the autopsy report 's complete , we 'll have a better idea of what happened . [ Door opens , closes ] [ Henry coughs , scoffs ] Been on this case for two years and you 're not gonna wait for me ? Boy . [ Sighs ] [ Coughs ] [ Door creaks ] Still freezing in here . How did Meltzer even cut into the body ? Sousa : What 'd you find , Dr. Meltzer ? [ Ice creaking ] Dr. Meltzer ? ♪ [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] [ Sighs ] It 's been over 24 hours . Shouldn 't I get a phone call ? Where 's Peggy ? Carter ? She 's moved on to a new case . You 're yesterday 's news for her . But who 's gonna interrogate me ? My boss and I ... We used to have this routine to get suspects to turn . He was the carrot , and I was the stick . He spoke smoothly , and I didn 't speak at all . See , the problem is , is that you and your Commie friends , well ... [ Clears throat ] You killed the carrot . [ Carrot slams ] ♪ And I 'm not afraid of you . ♪ What you 're gonna tell me ... [ Grunts ] ♪ You 're too easy . We need Peggy . [ Door opens ] Jack ! [ Grunting ] ♪ Did Agent Carter mention what she wanted me to see ? Only that it was of the utmost importance . [ Clank ] That used to be a person ? Carter : Can you explain such an occurrence ? Not even in my nightmares . Oh , my God . I need some air . If we lent you a sample , are there tests you could run to determine what happened ? Yes . Yes . Th-this is a lot to take in . Dr. Wilkes , can you excuse us , please ? Yeah . Um ... I 'm gonna get some water . [ Clears throat ] [ Sighs ] [ Ice creaking ] ♪ Carter : What is it ? The official autopsy report . Cause of death ... organ failure due to unknown toxic substance . Exactly ... Not the stab wounds . So someone stabbed the body after she 'd already died . The murderer wanted us to think Jane Scott was killed by the lady of the lake killer ... When actually , she was killed from exposure to the substance that froze the lake . Her shoes were switched on her feet . The only people that knew that detail were the actual lady of the lake killer and ... And the police . Where 's Detective Henry ? Henry : Keep it moving . Go . - Gentlemen ! - Tighten your jaw . - Excuse me ? - He 's gonna ... - Hit you . - Get in . What is it you expect me to do ? You 're gonna fix me . Go . ♪ Tell me ... who were you stealing this pin from ? Why did you want it so badly ? Now that I have your interest , what will you give me ? Me give you ? ♪ A beating you won 't forget . If you want more from me than a sore throat , this needs to be an exchange . Peggy would 've known that . And what does that sick head of yours think Carter would 've offered you ? Deportation is better than prison . Prison is better than the electric chair . Deal . Show me the paperwork , and I will tell you exactly who I was stealing that lapel pin from and why . [ Door opens ] Hey ! This is a federal interrogation . Who let you in here ? I did , Jack . [ Bolt cutter snaps ] The Federal Bureau of Investigation will be taking custody of Miss Underwood . ♪ Jack , you are doing great work . You 're making a real name for yourself . Then why does the FBI get the prize ? Let 's get a drink . Tell Peggy I say bye . Man : All right , this way . Let 's go . Come on , Jack . The suspect is detective Andrew Henry , L.A.P.D. He is armed and dangerous . Approach with caution . Oh ! Oh , is it broken ? You 'll live . Keep your head back . Of course I 'll live . I 'm worried about the aesthetic . Ana 's absolutely mad about my profile . [ Scoffs ] Look . ♪ [ Brakes squeal ] ♪ Keep your head down . A bullet hitting your nose will be harder to explain to Ana . Andrew Henry ! Jason Wilkes ! If you 're inside , come out with your hands raised ! The windows are frosted over . [ Ice creaking ] Steering column 's frozen . He had to ditch the car . Dr. Wilkes left us a bread crumb . Mr. Jarvis , I 'll need you to wait here for the police . Direct them to follow us . Will do . Here . Well , I suppose this is progress . Only use it if absolutely necessary . And tell the police not to fire , either . We have a lot of questions for Detective Henry . Very well . But if I do see this Detective Henry , I can 't promise not to bludgeon his nose . So the cops will spot you . I shall be a beacon of justice . ♪ We 're nowhere near isodyne ! L-listen , I-I 'm sure you had a perfectly good reason for killing Jane . I didn 't kill anyone . Then why are you doing this ? For the right money , I clean up other people 's messes . So when I was hired to take care of Jane Scott 's body , I made it look like the lady of the lake killer to revive the case . My lieutenant had pulled all my resources ! Don 't you see ? ! I 'm a good guy ! You go left , I 'll go right . Give a shout if it gets chilly . You , too . - [ Siren walls in distance ] - Oh , oh ! You hear that ? P-put your gun down , let them help you . We 'll lose them , okay ? And then you 're gonna cure me ! [ Gunshots ] Man : Don 't fire ! Let 's go ! Move in ! [ Grunts ] Hi . I said no guns . Holster your weapons . Where is Detective Henry ? - Back that way . - Stay here . You should , too . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Gasps ] ♪ Put down the gun . Or what ? You 're gonna kill me ? Look at me . I 'm dying ! We can help you . I won 't last . You 'll see . - Take a step back . - We can work this out . They 're not gonna let us . Who won 't let us ? [ Gunshot ] I said no guns ! I 'm sorry . I-I left my radio in the car . Do you have any idea how much legwork it took to catch Dottie Underwood ? Of course I do . Don 't you trust me to grill her ? Jack , who 's been your biggest supporter since day one ? You have , Vernon . When your father called me , talking about his war-hero son acting aimless , who got you the gig at the best intelligence agency both sides of the Atlantic ? And I appreciate everything you 've done . I do . I just ... I feel like the person who fights the bear should be the one to get the honey . I 'd never steer you wrong , Jack . Then why are you giving the FBI credit for the capture of Underwood ? You need to start playing the long game here . The SSR is a wartime agency , and the war is over . Am I being fired ? Worse . You 're becoming irrelevant . The entire department of war is being restructured , which means that the SSR is going the way of the dinosaur . It 's a different world now . And you 've got to ask yourself , " do I want to be the former chief of the SSR or the current muckety-muck of the next big thing ? " I want to be in the muck . And that 's the kind of attitude that 's gonna serve you very well . [ Sighs ] Dottie Underwood was attempting to steal from some very powerful men who have even more powerful allies . Like who ? The important thing is , you stopped her , and those men ... They know you did . Now , you keep your nose to the grindstone , and they 'll make sure that your next position befits your pretty face . [ Jazz music playing ] [ Siren walls in distance ] Dr. Wilkes , I feel responsible for putting you in danger 's path . Wonder how many days it will take my heartbeat to slow . If whatever killed detective Henry and the medical examiner is contagious , then we 've all been exposed . I 'm guessing that whatever it is , you can 't get it unless you 've been exposed to contaminated blood . The medical examiner had the most intense and prolonged exposure , which may explain why he succumbed first . At your earliest convenience , I 'm going to need a written report stating exactly what Detective Henry told you . I 'll get it to you immediately . I want to thank you properly for saving my life , Agent Carter . That 's not necessary . How about dinner and dancing ? This Saturday evening ? You 're a brave man . But I make it my policy not to socialize with persons of interest . Of ... Of course . That makes perfect sense . But it 's nice to know you find me interesting . ♪ The job 's done . Good man . See , hon ? You figured out how to fix it all . [ Chuckles ] And that 's the last time we should have to dirty our hands , hmm ? Just because you dirtied other parts of your anatomy . I 'm not sure whether you follow the adventure or the adventure follows you . Who do you think killed Jane Scott ? I don 't know . Me , neither . And the case isn 't closed . Guess I 'll be around for a bit longer . You think that scientist will help us out ? He 'll write a report , but I doubt he 'll know the full extent of what his employers are up to . - Right . - Was quite a night . [ Chuckles ] I could do with a drink . How about you ? I can 't tonight . Maybe another time ? Yes , of course . I forgot my jacket . - Go on without me . - Oh . Night . Night . Woman : Daniel ! Over here . [ Sousa laughs ] What are you doing here ? - Hi . - What a surprise . I got off work early . Let 's get out of here . ♪ [ Horn honks ] I 'm parked down here ! [ Machinery humming ] [ Whooshing ]
