 Previously on " Agent Carter " ... This was found in deposit box 143 . Why did you want it ? We both know there are currencies stronger than money . Miss Carter , since our last adventure , I 'm exhaustively bored . Allow me to drive you around . Jarvis : Mrs. Jarvis ! I feel like I already know you . Oh . [ Laughs ] Oh ! She hugs . Hello . Chief . Welcome to Los Angeles . The SSR came on board because a body of water froze during a heat wave . She was near a particle accelerator . Samberly : There 's another one at Isodyne Energy . - Here 's my business card . - Thank you , doctor ... Wilkes . Calvin Chadwick . Jarvis : And his wife , Whitney Frost . I clean up other people 's messes . We can work this out . They 're not gonna let us . [ Gunshot ] I want to thank you properly for saving my life . How about dinner and dancing ? I make it my policy not to socialize with persons of interest . But it 's nice to know you find me interesting . Chadwick : See , hon ? You figured out how to fix it all . Frost : And that 's the last time we should have to dirty our hands , hmm ? Just because you dirtied other parts of your anatomy . I could do with a drink . How about you ? I can 't tonight . Maybe another time ? [ Birds chirping ] Jarvis : One , two , three . [ Grunts ] [ Breathing heavily ] [ Grunts loudly ] [ Metal clanks ] Good lord , man ! Ah . Yes . [ Weights clank ] The attire is a touch primitive , but I 've found that free range of motion is imperative . I had no idea your interests were so diverse . Since our adventures in New York , I 've begun a regimented physical-fitness routine . Ah . As well as training in the deadly arts . Ah , the deadly arts , you say ? ♪ Fencing is a gentleman 's pursuit and my hobby . Mm-hmm . Look , my combat training focuses primarily on boxing . Queensberry rules , of course . And judo . I 've actually developed into rather a dangerous judoka . How many butlers can say that ? Here . [ Inhales sharply ] Try to take me down . [ Chuckling ] N-no , no , I don 't think ... Please , Miss Carter , I am quite prepared for you . Oh ! - Mm . - Really ? - Don 't be shy ! - Mr. Jarvis , I really wouldn 't do that if I ... I shan 't hurt you too badly . I really don 't think you want to do that , Mr. Jarvis . Mr. Jarvis , would you ... [ Grunts ] I learned that one from my brother . [ Groans ] [ Grunts ] Oh ! Whoa ! Mr. Jarvis ! Good morning , you two . ♪ Did he catch you with his patented tortoise of fury ? Oh , is that what he 's calling it ? Ana 's been my sparring partner for the past 12 months . Oh . She knows all my strengths and weaknesses . Thank you , darling . He 's never more lethal than when he 's flat on his back . ♪ Tea 's on . Unless you 'd prefer to go for another round with my husband . Oh , thank you . No . Um , Mr. Jarvis , if you wouldn 't mind slipping into something less athletic , I could use a ride to the office . There 's work to be done , and I 'm just getting started . Very well . So you haven 't told her . Not yet , Rose . - Are you gonna tell her ? - Yes , Rose . Well , what are you waiting for ? It didn 't really come up when we were chasing officer Icicle . Daniel , you 're a nice guy . Oh , that 's just mean . Look , all I 'm saying is , the longer you wait to tell her , the more awkward it 's gonna be when they meet . [ Laughter ] There he is . I got to start my shift . Ah . I dropped off cookies . Peggy 's already had three . It was the best meal I 've had since arriving in Los Angeles . So you ... you two have met . Would you believe my grandfather 's from her hometown ? She 's practically family . Well , small world , isn 't it , Chief Sousa ? Yeah , tiny . But I do want to show you around , Peggy . We 'll hit all the tourist traps . Actually , what are you doing tonight ? Do you want to join us for dinner ? Oh , no , I don 't think that ... It 's right on the beach . You can 't come to L.A. and not see the ocean . Well , I ... the reservation 's for two , so ... We 'll pull up a chair . You 're coming . Now I 'm late . ♪ [ Bell rings ] Um , [ Clears throat ] Daniel , I don 't mean to intrude . Uh , no , no . It 'll be fun . Besides , you heard Violet . If you don 't show , she 'll throttle me . All right . Um , [ Clears throat ] we 've sent our men to pick up the body of Jane Scott from the morgue . It should be here by midday . We need our scientists to identify the mysterious substance that killed her if we 're gonna get anywhere on the case . Sounds great . Cookie ? ♪ [ Ice crackling ] ♪ [ Silenced gunshots ] [ Grunting ] [ Body thuds ] [ Body thuds ] ♪ [ Slow classical music playing ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Ah . [ Sighs ] Man : Chadwick , good to see you . [ Chuckles ] How about a scotch , Eddie , my boy ? Right away , Mr. Chadwick . The gentlemen are in the meeting room . Are they ? Shall I bring your drink to you there ? Uh ... yeah . Sure . [ Rumbling ] [ Indistinct conversation ] Gentlemen , I didn 't know we had a meeting on the books . Take a seat , Calvin . Ah . [ Bookcase closes ] In light of recent events , the council has determined our best course of action is to shut down the Isodyne program and dispose of all assets . The council ? Well , Tom , I 'm on the council . Thus far , your experiments have yielded no results and attracted a federal investigation . You can understand our concerns . Well , we suffered a setback , yes , but ... And accidents will happen . Failure is often a key component to progress . Yes , I 'm still living off the dividends from the crash of ' 29 , a crash that Tom here had the vision to orchestrate . But your program has put all of our interests in jeopardy . We are in possession of what could be the greatest discovery of all time . You 've failed to illustrate that to us , Calvin . [ Chuckling ] Well ... I mean , I 'm not a scientist . All I can say is that sharper minds than ours tell me this substance is potentially priceless . Atomic energy isn 't even regulated yet , and Isodyne is set to make it a thing of the past . This project could make us billions ... The decision 's been made . [ Sighs ] The woman 's body is being taken care of as we speak . Tonight , our men will clear out the laboratory . And following that , all connection to the program will be terminated . You shouldn 't take this personally , Calvin . Your interests are our interests . Your primary focus now should be the Senate race . Mm . We 've already contributed a considerable amount towards your campaign . Yeah . You 're right . ♪ [ Police radio chatter ] No sign of Jane Scott 's body . Sousa : Major Beringer was a marine ... three tours . White had a damn black belt . This was a professional hit . Clearly , we 've kicked a very formidable hornet 's nest . This case is much larger than we initially thought . Man : Chief Sousa . New York wanted you to get this A.S.A.P. Thompson got us the Isodyne search warrant . Want to kick that nest again ? Let 's stomp it to the ground . Hello . Welcome to Isodyne . Is there anything ... We have a warrant to search the premises . You can help me by opening the door - or we will open it by force . - Peggy . There was a small containment leak , and the lab is currently under isolation . Well , how convenient . - Dr. Wilkes ! - Uh , A-Agent Carter . Good ... Good afternoon . What is this nonsense about a containment leak ? Oh . Yes , th-there ... there was a leak , and I 'm afraid that the lab is ... Under isolation . We heard . And when might the lab be safe enough to enter again ? I don 't ... Um ... [ Clears throat ] Um , these things sometimes t-take some time . Isodyne is up to something , and I 'm going to find out what . Be careful you don 't get caught up in the crossfire . I 'm sorry . I 'm needed elsewhere . Thank you for coming . He knows something . We should 've arrested him last night . I don 't think that would 've been our best option . Don 't tell me you believe that garbage about radiation . No , but I do think that Dr. Wilkes is interested in cooperating with us . We may find some answers after all . [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪ [ Buzzer ] ♪ [ Grunting ] ♪ _ _ Yeah . All right . Thanks . The Dunbar Hotel downtown . What do you know about it ? I 've been before . It 's a great time . Real hot spot for the colored crowd . Violet and I watched Ella Fitzgerald sing there . Still , you 're gonna need backup . I 'll cancel my dinner . - The note says , " come alone . " - Ah , right . Whenever I 'm planning to ambush somebody , I always ask them to bring along some friends . Even if that is the case , and I don 't think it is , I can handle myself , Daniel . Well , this time , you don 't need to . I got a change of clothes in my locker . It 's a pretty swanky place . You might want to get yourself dolled up a little bit . I 'm perfectly dolled up , thank you . - Just don 't want you to embarrass me . - [ Chuckles ] [ Clatter ] Oh . - Oh , wait . - Oh , whoops . No , it 's okay . I 'll get it . Thanks , I ... [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry . - Don 't be . - It 's very beautiful . - I didn 't mean for you ... - So your dinner t-tonight ... ♪ Will you please tell Violet I 'm sorry I couldn 't make dinner ? ♪ I 'm very happy for you , Daniel . ♪ Plans for the evening ? Just work , but I 'm told I must look swanky . Hmm . What are the other agents wearing ? I 'm going alone . Chief Sousa ... has other plans . There are no other agents ? Well , he 's the only one that matters . I mean , that ... that would be useful , that is to say . Where are you going ? The Dunbar Hotel . [ Gasps ] Wonderful spot ! Do you dance ? I prefer the east coast swing , but Edwin is quite adept at the collegiate shag . These won 't do for dancing . Oh , no , I 'm not dancing . I 'm simply meeting an informant . Hmm . Sounds dangerous . No , he 's a scientist . Oh , very dull , then . [ Chuckles ] Well , he 's rather amusing , actually . He 's a genius , absolutely . A bit odd . He 's very interesting . It 's nice to interact with someone outside the SSR . It 's been a long time since ... um , sorry . Uh , what were you saying ? This will be perfect . I do wish you 'd allow me to drive you , Miss Carter . Your thirst for adventure is appreciated . Now , I thought Mr. Stark 's leisure car would be appropriate . Couple of things I ought to show you . [ Clears throat ] This button here is in case you find yourself ... [ Whirring ] Dehydrated . Howard Stark becomes more ridiculous the longer I know him . This button here adjusts the tints of the windows for extra privacy , there 's a small compartment in the back with a change of clothes , and this is what Mr. Stark affectionately refers to as his ... [ Light dings ] Sock on the doorknob . His what ? It 's a tracking device . Mr. Stark activates it when he 's abandoned the car for the evening because he 's found companionship . [ Scoffs ] When I think Howard has reached the depths of depravity , you did up a wellspring , Mr. Jarvis . Uh , radio ? [ High-pitched voice ] No . Oh ! Good lord , is that a mirror ? [ Indistinct conversations ] You could use some pointers in choosing secret meeting locations . I thought it 'd be best to meet somewhere in public , somewhere we wouldn 't get a lot of looks . Very well . So , tell me what happened today at the lab . One Gin Rickey , please , and for the lady ? No , thank you . Two Gin Rickeys . Nothing for me . So ... Where 'd you grow up ? Dr. Wilkes , I 'm not here for small talk . A woman from your lab died , and two of my men were killed to hide the evidence . I had nothing to do with that . Your refusal to explain yourself just makes you look complicit . This morning when I arrived at the office , I was escorted into a conference room stuffed to the seams with corporate lawyers . They very helpfully reminded me of the highly classified nature of the work we do at Isodyne and then threw around words like " treason , " " prison " ... And " hanging . " It was a lot of fun . The SSR can protect you . I 'm not talking to the SSR . I 'm talking to you . And before I risk my career and my life , I 'd like to know a little bit more about the woman I 'm trusting . I grew up in Hampstead , just outside of London . And I have changed my mind . I 'm going to need a whiskey ... neat . You are all I have in this world , and you are all I 've ever wanted . And if you leave me and you go off to war , just the thought of never seeing you again ... Just the thought would crush me . And I couldn 't stand it , my love . I couldn 't stand being without you . I love you . I just ... I love you . Cut ! Cut ! Cut ! [ Bell rings ] Reset , everybody . Very nice , Carl . Why don 't you go take five ? - Miss Frost . - Frost : Yes ? - Great work . - Thank you . Just a couple adjustments . Can I get makeup over here , please ? Thank you . Let 's go . Let 's go . Let 's see if we can try and get rid of the lines around her eyes . Can we do that ? Great . Let 's talk about your wardrobe . Uh , can we bring it in anymore ? No . I can barely breathe as it is . Well , then , I guess someone 's gonna be skipping lunch today , isn 't she ? You are . You 're my trooper . You 're my girl . - Hey , Ralph ? - Ralph : Yes , sir ? Can we , uh , throw a few more lights on her ? Yeah . I thought you said you knew how to light older women . Where is wardrobe ? Wardrobe ! Let 's go ! ♪ And suddenly , I was alone . I had nowhere to turn . And it dawned on me that I was going to have to face this all by myself . And the door opened and Headmaster Portley walked in to find me wearing a bandit mask in the middle of his bedroom , my hands filled with his wife 's knickers and his most expensive bottle of Brandy . [ Laughs ] And ... and y-your friends just left you there ? It was my fault , really . It was greedy to go back for the liquor . [ Chuckles ] And so , what happened ? They broke a few switches on me , but I was the school hero . But your friends got away . Hmm . Hmm . Maybe you 're trustworthy after all . [ " I Wanna Be Loved " plays ] ♪ I wanna be loved with inspiration ♪ Ah , this is my song . ♪ I wanna be loved starting tonight ♪ - You can 't be serious . - I-I 'm sorry . I-I have to dance whenever I hear this song . Oh , you have to , do you ? Just a few bars . D-don 't worry . I can still dance and spill my guts at the same time . ♪ Instead of merely holding conversation ♪ ♪ Hold me tight ♪ ♪ I wanna be kissed until I tingle ♪ You know more than you 're saying about Isodyne 's involvement in all this , don 't you ? ♪ I wanna be kissed starting tonight ♪ I have a pretty good idea . Did Calvin chadwick kill Jane Scott ? ♪ Embrace until our heartbeat intermingle ♪ No . Not deliberately , in any event . ♪ Wrong or right ♪ But ... Would he kill to cover up the research that we 've been conducting ? Yeah . I think he would . ♪ I 'm past the stage of merely turtle-doving ♪ It 's bigger than you think it is . Bigger than even Mr. Chadwick thinks . What is it ? Best way to explain is to show you . Come on . ♪ And I insist the world owes me lovin ' ♪ ♪ Baby , can 't you see ♪ ♪ I wanna be thrilled to desperation ♪ Thanks for the drinks . Bartender : My pleasure . - Have a good night . - You , too , sir . ♪ I wanna be thrilled starting tonight ♪ [ Sighs ] Well ? They 're scrapping it . Zero matter , the experiments , everything . [ Sighs ] [ Sniffles ] We have at our fingertips a means to change the world , and they just want to throw it away . Zero matter can make atomic energy as obsolete as the steam engine . - I told them that . - [ Sighs ] They think there 's too much risk , what with all the ... press surrounding the lab right now . Press we wouldn 't have if you had been better at choosing your mistresses . I did what I could . They 'd made the decision before I 'd even arrived . Then why didn 't you stop them instead of letting them walk all over you like you always do ? [ Sighs ] [ Clatter ] Honey , I 'm sorry . The council was adamant . They 're scrubbing the lab tonight . As of tomorrow , zero matter will be gone . Listen , the council ... They really want me to focus on my senate campaign . In the long run , isn 't that better for both of us ? Yeah . [ Both laugh ] Oh . I 'm sorry . You 're gonna make a wonderful senator . [ Chuckles ] I love you . [ Sighs ] I love you . That 's my girl . [ Engine shuts off ] [ Car doors open ] [ Car doors close ] Wilkes : I love coming up here . Helps me keep some perspective . I would think it would make you feel rather insignificant . Oh , no . [ Chuckles ] No . See where the lights sort of taper out into nothing ? That 's where I grew up , working in the orange groves with my family ... Long days , scorching heat , always wanting out , wanting more ... And everyone saying that you can 't get out , you don 't deserve more . That makes you feel insignificant . How does one make it from the orange groves to the laboratory ? It started here , actually . I took a second job at the observatory scrubbing floors at night . Saved enough to get myself a degree . But it was the war that gave me a real opportunity ... Navy engineer . And then some real , actual scientific work in the weapons propulsion lab . Seems to have paid off . I applied to 16 companies when I got home . Isodyne was the only one that was willing to put one of ... my kind in a lab . So you can see why I didn 't immediately jump at torpedoing my relationship with them . You 're a good man , Dr. Wilkes , but protecting Isodyne betrays everything you 've fought so hard to achieve . I know . ♪ At least I 'll still have this view . Makes the rest of it ... A little more bearable . I 've quite enjoyed myself this evening , but if you 've brought me all the way up here for a view , then I 'm going to be very cross . ♪ Sadly , this lovely view is not the only thing I have to show you , Agent Carter . [ Projector whirring ] During the war , Isodyne , along with every other legitimate company in their field , was working towards a successful atomic reaction . It was a scientific gold rush . Now , Isodyne didn 't build fat man or little boy , but their research got far enough to continue atomic testing after the war ended . I-I assume you 've seen an atomic test before . Remember what happens ? A blinding light followed by a mushroom cloud followed by total devastation . This one didn 't go as planned . ♪ What happened ? I wish I could tell you . Isodyne has worked its people around the clock , trying to determine the exact science behind this anomaly , but ... Well , here . See for yourself . ♪ What on earth could do that ? Watch . ♪ No sign of the men or the vehicles since that moment . Only one thing was left behind . Isodyne is calling it zero matter , mostly because there 's no fit for it anywhere on the periodic table . Zero matter is unlike any substance that we have ever seen . I 'm starting to think that it 's more dangerous than anything we 've ever known . [ Air hisses ] Move . So , what is it ? I have a hypothesis . Do you know what a perfect fluid is ? Are you talking about zero matter or your winemaking machine ? [ Chuckles ] Real fluids conduct heat and have viscosity . Perfect fluids have no sheer stresses , no heat conduction . You see , zero matter I-i-is always drawing energy into itself . I-it 'll always be the coldest object in the room because it is literally devouring any nearby energy . And that 's what killed Jane Scott ? She must 've made physical contact with the specimen . What exactly was your involvement ? My job was to build and maintain the magnetic containment chamber . Zero matter does not want to stay in one place . Where do you think it comes from ? Could be extraterrestrial . Could be extradimensional . Not of this earth ? Right now , we don 't know . You said you could contain it . Mm-hmm . Could you transport it ? Why ? Because you and I are going to Isodyne tonight to steal it . [ Footsteps approaching , clank ] Man : They 're in here somewhere . Fingers on the trigger . Shoot anything that moves . [ Gasps ] We need to find another way out of here . Follow me . [ Indistinct shouting ] ♪ Oh , bloody hell ! What ? What are you doing ? Sending an S.O.S. [ Light dings ] [ Classical music playing ] Jarvis : Whoa ! Whoa-whoa ! Don 't move ! [ Bernard squawking ] I 've got you . Whoa . Whoa ! Oh , you beast ! [ Buzzing ] Darling ? Huh ? Come in , please . Right now . I had that pink atrocity exactly where I wanted him . What could possibly be so important ? There 's a sock on the doorknob . [ Bernard squawks ] Come on . Come on . Follow me . Can you shoot ? I was in the Navy , remember ? Cover me while I get this started . Don 't let them get away ! [ Grunts ] [ Gunfire ] ♪ I 'm out ! [ Gunfire continues ] Here . ♪ [ Engine turns over ] Get in ! ♪ All right , spread out . On me . Go , go ! [ Tires squeal ] ♪ Go ! Go get in the car ! ♪ [ Engine turns over ] [ Tires squeal ] ♪ - Do you see them ? - No . ♪ It should be easy to lose them once we 're back in the city . [ Engine clanking ] Oh , of course . Four lights down , there 's an alley . Pull in there and kill the lights . ♪ [ Tires screech , engine backfires ] [ Tires screeching ] [ Tires screech ] [ Grunts ] [ Engine shuts off ] ♪ [ Breathing heavily ] I 'm starting to think I make a pretty good secret agent . Not your best hypothesis . [ Winces ] Ow . A lapel pin ? I 've seen this symbol before . What 's it mean ? I 'm not sure . So , what do we do ? Everything 's closed . We keep walking until we find a phone . Could be a long walk in those heels . I 've performed far more strenuous tasks in heels . ♪ I like Leo Carillo . I 'm telling you , Zuma 's got those perfect barrels . But Malibu has the wind , Violet . I 'm a purist . Sorry . I 'm ready . You look ... great . I thought tonight called for something more than my nurse 's whites . Who 's that clown ? Someone learning a hard lesson in rejection . ♪ Have a good night , Rose . [ Telephone rings ] Auerbach Theatrical Agency . Wait . Mr. Auerbach , call for you . Hello ? Jarvis : Chief Sousa , I 'm terribly sorry to interrupt . - Jarvis ? - Ah , yes . Edwin Jarvis here . I 've received an S.O.S. signal from Miss Carter . Apparently , she 's at the Griffith Observatory , and I fear she may be in some trouble . I 'll meet you there . [ Sighs ] There . Perfect . Do you have any change ? No , not in this dress . Let 's ask inside . ♪ Excuse me , can you make change for the telephone ? [ Sighs ] Miss , you okay ? She 's fine . [ Scoffs ] We just need to get ... I wasn 't talking to you , boy . I was talking to the lady . I 'm perfectly well . I just need change for the phone . You 'll have to buy something . If you think I 'm gonna buy something from some no-good charlatan in this rat hole of a place ... - Okay , okay . - Then you are seriously ... Hello ? Operator ? Hel ... hello ? Oh , God . The phone isn 't working . That odious swine . He may be a jerk , but this éclair ain 't half bad . Next time , we do things my way . A quick jab to the right eye will adjust his attitude tremendously . [ Chuckles ] Won 't get us anywhere . Besides , it 's not like he 's a rare specimen . You gonna punch all of L.A. ? Maybe . I could do with a hobby . I 'd start with the guys with the guns that just tried to kill us . Tried to kill you , Dr. Wilkes . That doesn 't make me feel better . Who were they ? I 'm betting they 're operating on orders of Isodyne to scrub the project . We need to get to your lab to retrieve the research and the zero matter before those men get their hands ... There 's a car coming . [ Grunts ] Could be the men from the observatory . Don 't move . Definitely not . [ Brakes squeal ] ♪ Is it them ? What ? ♪ Oh ... no . We 're safe , then ? Yes . For the time being . ♪ I have an idea . So do I. We 're going to steal that car . That 's , uh ... Yep , that 's definitely what I was thinking . You hear from her ? No . What did you find ? A rather unsettling amount of bullet casings . And her car with her tire slashed . And no sign of Peggy ? Well , apart from the bullet casings . Well , you don 't think that ... [ Door slams ] ♪ [ Grunts ] [ Crutch pounding ] I fear Chief Sousa may be losing his composure . Oh , he 's just worried about Peg . As are we all . No . Chief has a special kind of worry about her . Jacobs ! Yes , sir ? Get to the observatory . Supervise the crime scene . I want you checking every blade of grass for evidence . On my way . Baxter , go shake down the Dunbar . I want a statement from every person that set foot in that place . Baxter : On it . Rose ... get on the horn with local precincts . Put an APB for Jason Wilkes . I want every badge in this city looking for him . [ Cabinet slams ] Jarvis , you 're coming with me . Excellent . Where are we going ? - Isodyne . - Oh . I 'm through playing nice . Looks clear enough , but we 'll have to move fast . [ Engine shuts off ] [ Car doors close ] What 's that for ? You used all my bullets . [ Clank , indistinct conversation in distance ] Someone 's here . Man : We 've got to move fast . Get the zero matter . I 'll take care of them . [ Zero matter whooshing ] ♪ [ Air hissing ] ♪ Ma 'am , y-you shouldn 't be ... Whitney Frost ? In the flesh . Wow . You know , I 'm ... I 'm a big fan of yours . [ Chuckles ] Hmm . What are you doing here ? ♪ [ American accent ] Excuse me . You don 't have clearance to be here . What do you think you 're doing ? You 'll have to sign this . ♪ Get her ! [ Grunting ] ♪ You really shouldn 't be here . I-it 's not safe . No , it isn 't . In fact , I 'm surprised to see you alive , Dr. Wilkes . Excuse me ? Now , you 're going to place the specimen in that case , and you 're going to give it to me . Miss Frost , you have no idea what this stuff is capable of . Oh , on the contrary , I am the only person who knows what it 's capable of . Now hand it over . ♪ Miss Frost , you 're making a terrible mistake . I can 't in good conscience let you go through with it . So you 're willing to die for this crisis of conscience ? I 'm starting to think that was your plan for me no matter what . I 'm also starting to think that you 're smart enough not to shoot me while I 'm holding this . ♪ [ Both grunting ] Run . [ Lamps squeaking ] [ Normal voice ] Dr. Wilkes ? Jason ? ♪ - Do you see her ? - No . Officer : Don 't bother . There 's no way anybody survived that . Let 's pack it up . [ Indistinct conversation ] ♪ Good . Yes , you 're here . Here 's the situation . Dr. Wilkes and I entered Isodyne Energy at approximately 4 : 30 A.M. - Carter , I ... - I engaged with four suspects while Dr. Wilkes went in to retrieve this unregistered ... - Slow down . - Highly volatile scientific discovery . Peggy , stop . Stop . Are you okay ? Um , yes , I 'm fine . And Dr. Wilkes ? He di ... He didn 't make it . The explo ... explosion . Okay . We 're done here . How about you get some rest ? Th-there 's still so much to process . Peggy ... You 're going home . Okay ? [ Police radio chatter ] ♪ [ Siren wailing ] Miss Carter ... I 'm immensely relieved that you 're unharmed . [ Voice breaking ] Mr. Jarvis , can I trouble you for a ride home ? Of course . [ Siren continues ] [ Brakes squeal , engine shuts off ] [ Sighs ] [ Grunting ] Is everything okay ? Yes . Well , no , not entirely , but I 'm fine , Peggy 's fine . I just , uh ... [ Sighs ] I 'm just real tired . Poor thing . I-I was worried . I 'm so sorry about last night . I feel awful . It 's ... It 's all right . Yeah , I know , but still . My boyfriend catches bad guys , and I 'm very proud of him . I just like knowing you 're safe . I am , and ... I 'm gonna make it up to you . I promise . I know you are . I figured it was a long night , so I brought you a bear claw . Well , now it 's half a bear claw . [ Chuckling ] ' Cause I got hungry . Why don 't you keep that safe for me ? You should hit the hay . [ Sighs ] Call me when you finish work . Maybe we can catch a movie , make up for lost time ? Will do . I love you , Daniel . I love you , too . ♪ [ Sighs ] [ Engine turns over ] ♪ [ Sighs ] Edwin suggested tea , but I thought whiskey was more the order of the day . Bless you . Mm . Strange that it should hit me so hard . I don 't think it 's strange at all . I 'd only known him a few days . Edwin only knew me a few weeks before he had forged papers , gone AWOL , stolen a plane , and helped me escape the Third Reich . Doesn 't take long to realize you 've met someone special . I just wish I had the chance to get to know him better . I 'm sure he felt the same way , Miss Carter . [ Knock on door ] Chadwick : Whitney ? Honey , are you there ? [ Knock on door ] I need to talk to you . There was an accident at the lab . The zero matter ... It 's all gone . [ Shivering ] [ Doorknob rattles ] Chadwick : Whitney !
