 Previously on " agent carter " ... Colleen : Peg , you work at the phone company . It ain 't life and death . Carter : Darling , you have no idea . Agent carter , all hands on deck . Meaning cover the phones . Howard , you 're asking me to become a traitor In order to prove you are not one . Howard : You want a mission that matters ? This is it . I 'm going to regret this , aren 't I ? Absolutely . My butler - - edwin jarvis . He 'll help you in any way he can . Where are you ? ! Go ! Go ! Your line of work requires support . There is not a man or woman , who is capable Of carrying the entire world on their shoulders . You sweet on her , sousa ? [ chuckles ] I was gonna grab a drink . Want to join me ? Maybe another time , all right ? Sure thing . Another time . May I introduce you to our new resident ? Oh , call me dottie . Return to your room . Dottie : I can be anybody I want . Maybe I 'll be an ssr agent next . Carter : I 'm afraid dottie escaped . Promise me you 'll get the son of a bitch who did this . We 'll catch them . Attagirl . Chief ! Man : Chief ! You think you know me . Hands up . What are we gonna do about this guy ? We found a way of preventing him from speaking . Should you again find yourself in need of my services , I would be honored to assist you , miss carter . Good work , carter . You saved thousands of lives . You 're all lucky that you work for him . I just did what needed to be done . Yeah . How can you take that ? Carter : It doesn 't bother me . I know my value . ♪ Deposit or a withdrawal ? Withdrawal . All right , all of you - - let me see your hands ! The three of you , over here ! Move it ! Let 's go ! Get ' em up ! Hands where I can see them ! This way ! Go , go ! Man : Please ... I 'm talking to you ! You , too . On your feet . ♪ I 'll need the key to safety deposit box number 143 . Turning that handle to the left sets off the bank alarm . For a pittance , You 'll risk your life to protect someone else 's fortune ? Pull it to the right . [ grunts ] Weren 't you taught any manners ? Help the geezer . [ grunts ] ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ [ grunts ] Dorothy underwood , you are under arrest . ♪ Hey , drop that gun ! Drop it ! Don 't move ! We 've got you surrounded ! Don 't even think about it . We are the ssr ! Lower your weapons . Carter : You heard the man . ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ Man : Hey , look out ! ♪ [ breathing heavily ] ♪ New hairstyle ? ♪ [ coins rattling ] ♪ [ coins rattling ] Aah ! ♪ Love the hat . ♪ oh , give me land , lots of land ♪ ♪ under starry skies above ♪ don 't fence me in ♪ let me ride through the wide open country that I love ♪ ♪ don 't fence me in ♪ let me be by myself [ engine shuts off ] He 's right here . [ coughs ] [ police radio chatter ] You the science cop ? Detective andrew henry , homicide . Daniel sousa , strategic scientific reserve . Oh , I 'd shake your hand , but I 'm one of those suckers Who catches a cold whether it 's summer , spring , winter , or fall . What do we got ? You ever hear of the lady of the lake killings ? Can 't say I have . How long you been in l.A. ? Six months . Two years ago , the lady of the lake killer Dropped two dead women in echo park lake . Led a task force with manhunts , Press conferences , and everything . And ? Never caught the bastard . Disappeared . Till today . You found another body . Dead woman in the exact same lake . No two ways about it - - my guy 's back . So why was the ssr called in ? If it was up to me , you 'd be working on your tan right now , But my lieutenant 's got a bee in his bonnet about jurisdiction . The hottest day of the year , right ? Only the lake don 't know it . [ sighs ] [ spectators murmuring ] [ ice creaking ] [ coughs ] [ sighs ] ♪ Look at this . So ... Until we catch this lunatic , Looks like you and me are partners . [ horns honking ] [ chatter ] ♪ Here are the things you will tell me - - The names of your handlers in russia , Your methods of communication with them , The names and whereabouts Of other communist operatives on american soil , Why you were targeting bowery savings bank , And who it is you are working for . Feel like I got a front-row seat To rocky graziano versus tony zale . [ chuckles ] Quiet . Peggy , I expected so much more from you , Not [ british accent ] " you will tell me this and this and this . " [ normal voice ] where 's your technique ? Girls like you raised with silver spoons and perfect skin , You expect everything to come to you so easily . You have one chip to trade on - - Fear . And fear is the one tool That little girls who grow up handcuffed to their beds learn . I , however Am not afraid of you . Now , this was found in deposit box 143 . There was no owner on the bank registry . Why did you want it ? Peg ... We both know there are currencies stronger than money . ♪ If anyone can break dottie underwood , it 's carter . [ chuckles ] you two mooks have something better to do ? Or is your service not needed at the ssr ? Chief , l.A. ' s on the horn . Thanks . ♪ How 's the surf today , agent sousa ? That 's chief sousa to you . And congratulations , jack . I hear you caught dottie underwood . Yeah , we caught a lead right after you left To open the west coast bureau . Seems as if you were our bad-luck charm . [ chuckles ] You tell that joke at least once a month . What you got ? We caught a mystery out here - - an ice cube the size of a lake With a dead woman trapped inside . Who 's the body ? Don 't know yet . I got a homicide dick who says this is the work Of a killer he 's been chasing the past two years . I 'm heading up a task force with him , But , jack , my l.A. Office is too green . So , what ? You want to leave new york thin Because the moment you catch a real case , You throw your hands in the air ? You know I 'm understaffed as is . I 'm sure you can spare one guy . [ chuckles ] I have just the man for you . Thank you . ♪ Are you trying to undermine this interrogation ? I was just beginning to make her feel comfortable . Every interruption sets me back an hour . Well , that 's no longer your worry . You 're done here . What ? Why ? We caught a high-profile case that needs eyeballs with experience . Well , give it to someone else . No one knows dottie like I do . We used to live next door to each other . Yeah , and you had no idea she was a spy . Next flight leaves for los angeles in three hours . Sousa asked for you and nobody else . Did he ? Yeah . It 's a real burden being everybody 's favorite agent , isn 't it ? If this is about your insecurity , chief thompson , Then I suggest you deal with it in your own time . Don 't sabotage our first real shot At uncovering dottie 's true agenda . Carter ... Believe it or not , The ssr can actually function without you once in a while . And who will you have interrogate her ? Plan on doing that myself . Jack , she isn 't afraid of you . Hmm . Pack your bags . [ big-band music plays ] ♪ the hills of california ♪ are something to see ♪ the sun will kinda warm ya ♪ then drop in the sea Miss carter . Mr. Jarvis . [ music continues ] Thank you for collecting me . I hope it wasn 't a bother . Not at all . I 'm delighted to see you again . Shall we ? Um , mr . Jarvis ... Yes ? ... I understand howard came out west for a defense contract . He did . And you did say you came out here to arrange his estate . I think I see where this is heading . What I don 't understand - - you 're puzzled , perhaps . Uh , puzzled , yes , that 's the word . It 's the flamingo , isn 't it ? It is , indeed , the flamingo . [ flamingo squawks ] Regrettably , you are not the only house guest To whom mr . Stark has extended an invitation . Meet the newest member of the stark mansion menagerie - - Bernard . Bernard . Bernard stark , to give his full name . [ flamingo squawks ] Ready for another adventure , miss carter ? Uh ... Where is howard ? Mr. Stark 's latest hobby keeps him quite busy . He 's opening a moving-picture studio . Fancies himself to be cecil b . Demille . Fatty arbuckle , more like . I 'll rent a car and get out of your hair as soon as possible . Oh , no . With mr . Stark out of town , I can easily shuttle you from place to place . Oh , I 'd never dream of such an imposition . Miss carter , you have no idea How foreign los angeles will seem To a civilized person such as yourself . They eat avocados with everything . The foliage is preposterous . Take the palm tree . Would you trust the structural integrity of such a thing ? No , I suppose not . They afford no shade . Everybody says it 's a very dry heat , But that doesn 't mean it isn 't unbearably hot . And worst of all , The drivers are both abundant and abundantly irresponsible . While I appreciate your concern , I am certain I can hazard the los angeles driving conditions . Miss carter , since our last adventure , My life has consisted of oiling floorboards , cleaning pools , And ... [ flamingo squawking ] ... Transporting exotic livestock . I 'm profoundly and exhaustively bored . Please , at least until mr . Stark returns , allow me to drive you around . When can we expect our esteemed mr . Stark to return From the preproductions of his motion picture ? That depends on how long the location scout Allows mr . Stark to ... Scout her locations . Oh . [ engine revs ] [ brakes squeal ] Are we certain this is the place ? Positive as pie . Thank you , mr . Jarvis . [ shoes tapping ] [ sighs ] Mm . [ bell dings ] Hey , peg ! I didn 't realize you were in town . Let me show you right through to mr . Auerbach . Oh ! I 'm sorry . I don 't think you 're right for the auerbach theatrical agency . Have a nice day . [ scoffs ] That 's the third place this week . We don 't advertise . Our sign is barely legible . [ bell dings ] Our address is wrong in the city directory . And yet , somehow , they find us . Come . I 'll show you right through . You out here long ? Possibly . Well , that pasty skin 's gonna get burned If you don 't cover up . Is california to your liking ? [ sighs ] I was so sick of those new york shadows . The moment I heard chief sousa Was heading up the new l.A. Bureau , I leapt at the opportunity . It 's hot out here , sure , but it 's a - - Dry heat . Yes . Do you know I took up surfing ? [ chuckles ] [ sighs ] The " r " to the " s " cabinet . That 's easy enough to remember . [ metal clanking , gears whirring ] ♪ How is ... Everything ? Everything is through the first door on your right . You can 't miss him . ♪ [ indistinct conversations ] [ sighs ] [ telephone rings ] This is agent o 'malley . [ indistinct conversation ] Well , call him again . Man : Yes , sir . Hello . ♪ Chief . Peggy . What are you doing here ? The lady of the lake killer . Right . Thompson said you requested backup . Yes , yes . Yes , of course . Unless you 've solved it already . No , no , no . I - - I was expecting - - You didn 't put the request in . No , I did . But not for me . I - - I just didn 't think you were coming till tomorrow . Um ... Welcome to los angeles . Thank you . ♪ I know that all your time has been consumed With setting up the ssr 's west coast bureau ... It has been . ... Traveling across the country ... And staffing the office , I know . ... But I did call on several occasions . I 'm sorry . I , uh ... Why didn 't you return my messages ? Because sometimes , A three-hour time difference feels like a lifetime . Henry : Okay ! I 've got three more boxes of old case files downstairs . [ grunts ] Detective andrew henry , l.A.P.D. Homicide , This is agent peggy carter , ssr , new york . How many of you agents do we need ? As many as it takes to catch the killer . Well , that 's zero . This new body Means I 'm gonna have journalists clawing down my door . With a little help from the press , I 'll catch our bad guy before evening rush on cahuenga pass . What if the frozen lake and the murder aren 't connected ? How do you figure ? You think they 're unrelated . The body was dumped at another time ... But was found only when another incident caused the lake to freeze . Unlikely . Most doubtful . But not impossible . What was that old dooley saying ? " explore all avenues for unturned stones . " What 's a dooley ? The ssr came on board Because a body of water froze during a heat wave . The first step we should take is to determine whether or not The dead body and the frozen lake are even the same crime . [ shuddered breathing ] A thousands heaters blasting in here and it 's still freezing . I wish you 'd called . So we 'd know to bring long johns ? So I could tell you not to come . I don 't have an autopsy report . Henry : Meltzer , you 're kidding me . This is the best chance we 've had in two years To catch our man . Why the delay ? Meltzer : This isn 't a layer of frostbite . She 's frozen through and through . Even with the heat shining on her ? She 's only beginning to thaw , But you 'll have to wait a bit longer , Unless you want the autopsy performed with a chisel . Is there anything you could tell us from a visual inspection ? Well , her stab wounds are consistent With the other lady of the lake victims . Here 's the shoes . They 're on the wrong feet . Well , the killer 's signature is to switch his victim 's shoes . That detail was never released to the papers . See ? We got our guy . Do we know whether the body caused the lake to freeze Or vice versa ? No . And to add to your ever-growing list of things we don 't know ... I can 't explain this , either . ♪ Fetch a chisel . Samberly : That 's not ice . Then what is it ? Short answer is , I don 't know . So is the long answer . And there 's nothing else you can tell us ? I 'm doing my best . You field agents , always looking down your noses at us lab techs . Excuse me ? Just because we don 't carry guns Doesn 't mean we 're not in the ssr . We value your contributions . We 're just asking - - Then why not invite me when you agents grab drinks ? Aren 't you always invited ? No . Never . Well , yes . Of course you 're invited , doctor ... Samberly . ... Samberly . Yes , samberly . What about the glow ? Samberly : The non-native matter is in a radioisotopic form , Ionizing the nitrogen molecules in the air and blood To create the luminescence . The only occurrence that could create such a phenomenon Is by producing the radioisotope in the form of uranium . [ coughs ] what does that mean ? She was near a particle accelerator . The one used in the manhattan project is in tennessee . There 's another one in pasadena at isodyne energy . I applied there but instead chose to go with ssr . Unfortunately . What is isodyne energy ? Isodyne energy is a development laboratory Dedicated to fuel initiatives in the 20th century . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? Do you know who works with the particle accelerator ? Our scientists . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? We 'd like to look around your facilities . Do you have a search warrant ? We do not . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? We 're pussyfooting around here while the killer 's stalking his next victim . Before we leave , um , may I use your restroom ? Why not ? We 've already wasted an hour coming here . It 's , um , on your right . Is there anything else I can help you with - - No ! Do I need a search warrant To know how many years you 've worked at isodyne ? [ door opens ] Oh . Oh ! Excuse me . Oh . Sturdy . Um , three years . [ buzzer ] Is there anything else that I can help you with today ? ♪ [ door closes ] [ indistinct conversation ] ♪ Do you want to be thunderstruck ? ♪ Come here . [ door opens ] I hope you 'll forgive me , But what you 're about to experience will change your life forever . I 'm not one for surprises . [ motor whirring ] ♪ Taste this . Are you poisoning me ? Well , that 's ethanol , so ... Yes . ♪ Well , I 'm usually a-a whiskey girl , But [ chuckles ] this is the best wine I 've ever tasted . See ? ! See , I realized that by manipulating the oxygen In the malic and succinic acids , I could tweak the ph balan- - So you 're a genius . No . But yes . [ chuckles ] Who are you ? Uh , agent carter , with the strategic scientific reserve . Do you know this woman ? Oh , my god . That 's jane - - j-jane scott . W-what happened to her ? Did she work with the particle accelerator here ? W-we didn 't overlap . I-I work in containment research . I think she was a particle physicist . Did she have any friends here ? Well ... There were some rumors , but I don 't like to participate . By telling me , you wouldn 't be gossiping about jane . You 'd be helping her . Let 's just say that ... She had a very close relationship With the owner of isodyne energy - - Calvin chadwick . By that , I mean they were involved . Yes , I understand . Sleeping together . Your point is made . [ door opens ] excuse me . I 'm sorry I got you caught . Well , at least they didn 't find my scotch distillery . [ chuckles ] here 's my business card . If I can be of any more help , or if you want some more wine . Thank you , doctor ... Wilkes . Let me give you my personal number . Oh , uh ... Very well . Maybe I should have your number , as well . I , uh - - I - - I ... Don 't believe that 's necessary . Of course . Great . [ chuckles ] great . Thank you . Yes . [ horns honking ] Calvin chadwick 's office is stonewalling us , too . This is a sketch from a witness 's description Of a man seen near echo park late at night two years ago . You know who this doesn 't look like ? Calvin chadwick . Mr. Chadwick owns a horse racing this afternoon at santa anita . The man is running for senate . Well , then he 'll be kissing babies and pressing palms , as well as hooves . That 's not my gist , lady . Calvin chadwick is a wealthy industrialist . He 's not going around killing women and throwing them in a lake . What lead are you proposing we follow ? Not one from the word of some janitor . Jason wilkes is a physicist ! Look , sweetheart , I don 't know how you do things in new york , But out here , if we go after chadwick , The papers are gonna crucify us when they find out we 're wrong . And what if we 're right ? How would you handle it , detective ? I would use the press to our advantage . Give an interview to the newsreels , get the word out there . I take it you have journalist contacts ? I got contacts all over the place . I 'll arrange everything , okay ? Have at it . We 'll comb through your old files , see if there isn 't a clue we missed . Thank you . [ telephone rings ] El lobo 's racing in the fourth . Place a bet for me after you find chadwick . My wife , ana , has a very modern sense of style . I 'm certain she 'll have picked out the perfect outfit for you For a covert operation at the races . She 's your stylist , what can go wrong ? [ flamingo squawks , tires screech ] ♪ [ flamingo squawks ] I couldn 't maneuver him into the enclosure . He 's the devil in pink . [ tires screech , flamingo squawks ] Jarvis : Mrs. Jarvis ! [ gasps ] miss carter is here . [ hungarian accent ] miss carter , I feel like I already know you . Oh . [ laughs ] oh ! She hugs . [ chuckles ] She does not hug . It 's a pleasure to finally meet . Yes . Well , I 'll give you both some privacy . Excuse me , mr . Jarvis . Oh . Hmm . ♪ [ moaning passionately ] [ sighs ] She 's an embarrassing creature . [ laughs ] He 's too easy . What 's that look ? Uh , I don 't know . I suppose I was expecting someone more - - Like mr . Jarvis ? In a girdle ? [ laughs ] precisely . From his tales of your heroics , I was picturing a circus strongman in a wig . [ chuckles ] I 've selected a few potential ensembles for the racetrack , But I 've also sewed you ... This . What is it ? A garter . That 's also a holster . [ gasps ] [ giggles ] you are fantastic . [ laughs ] [ chuckles ] [ flashbulbs popping , big-band music playing ] [ indistinct conversations ] ♪ [ flashbulb pops ] That is calvin chadwick . [ flashbulbs popping ] [ chuckles ] Oh , and his wife , whitney frost . Who ? Whitney frost , star of " the ' f ' stands for freedom . " She doesn 't look familiar . Well , surely you 've seen " tales of suspense . " I 'm not one for the cinema . What do you do for relaxation ? Assemble rifles ? I trust you to distract her with your flattery . Aside from " danger , " my middle name is " charm . " [ sniffles ] [ both laugh ] Excuse me . Miss frost ? Edwin jarvis . Head of production , stark pictures . Oh . Charmed . Might I have a word ? [ american accent ] mr . Chadwick , I am one of your biggest advocates for senate . What a delight to see Such an attractive young woman like yourself Interested in politics . If you don 't beat that ugly old representative anderson , California is gonna go to hell in hand basket . [ laughs ] I think I need you on my campaign committee . Why , just the other day , I was extolling your virtues To a dear friend of mine - - uh , jane scott . Yes . Well ... Thank you for your support . [ normal voice ] are you aware that miss scott is dead ? Who did you say you are , miss ? Agent peggy carter with the ssr . When was the last time you saw miss scott ? Is it ssr protocol to surprise people With the death notices of their employees ? I understand she was more privileged than an employee . Is your wife aware you were having an affair ? You would be perfect for the lead role In a new stark pictures production . Really ? And what 's the picture ? The movie ? Yes . Th-that stark pictures is - - is currently casting Is - - is called ... " the british are coming . " Mm . I 'm tired of costume dramas , to be honest . Oh , no , no , no . This would be a - - a spy picture . No , you 'd play a female agent . Tough as nails . Now I 'm intrigued . So , she , uh , doesn 't have a love interest ? Um , uh ... We haven 't found the right actor yet . If you have nothing to hide , You 'll hand over a complete list of employees at isodyne energy . I 'm a patriot and I would gladly help , But isodyne energy deals in classified And confidential United States government contracts . If you get proper clearance , I will give you a tour myself . And in the meantime , I have to collect my winnings . Have a good day , miss carter . Hello , love . Mr. Jarvis , our horse lost . Oh , no . We 'll be in touch , miss frost . Carter : Chadwick was nervous . He has more to hide than a dalliance with an employee . Now that the autopsy report 's complete , We 'll have a better idea of what happened . [ door opens , closes ] [ henry coughs , scoffs ] Been on this case for two years And you 're not gonna wait for me ? Boy . [ sighs ] [ coughs ] [ door creaks ] Still freezing in here . How did meltzer even cut into the body ? Sousa : What 'd you find , dr . Meltzer ? [ ice creaking ] Dr. Meltzer ? ♪ [ door opens ] [ door closes ] [ sighs ] It 's been over 24 hours . Shouldn 't I get a phone call ? Where 's peggy ? Carter ? She 's moved on to a new case . You 're yesterday 's news for her . But who 's gonna interrogate me ? My boss and I - - We used to have this routine to get suspects to turn . He was the carrot , and I was the stick . He spoke smoothly , and I didn 't speak at all . See , the problem is , is that you and your commie friends , well ... [ clears throat ] You killed the carrot . [ carrot slams ] ♪ And I 'm not afraid of you . ♪ What you 're gonna tell me - - [ grunts ] ♪ You 're too easy . We need peggy . [ door opens ] Jack ! [ grunting ] ♪ Did agent carter mention what she wanted me to see ? Only that it was of the utmost importance . [ clank ] That used to be a person ? Carter : Can you explain such an occurrence ? Not even in my nightmares . Oh , my god . I need some air . If we lent you a sample , Are there tests you could run to determine what happened ? Yes . Yes . Th-this is a lot to take in . Dr. Wilkes , can you excuse us , please ? Yeah . Um ... I 'm gonna get some water . [ clears throat ] [ sighs ] [ ice creaking ] ♪ Carter : What is it ? The official autopsy report . Cause of death - - organ failure due to unknown toxic substance . Exactly - - not the stab wounds . So someone stabbed the body after she 'd already died . The murderer wanted us to think jane scott was killed by the lady of the lake killer ... When actually , she was killed From exposure to the substance that froze the lake . Her shoes were switched on her feet . The only people that knew that detail Were the actual lady of the lake killer and - - And the police . Where 's detective henry ? Henry : Keep it moving . Go . Gentlemen ! Tighten your jaw . Excuse me ? He 's gonna - - ... Hit you . Get in . What is it you expect me to do ? You 're gonna fix me . Go . ♪ Tell me - - who were you stealing this pin from ? Why did you want it so badly ? Now that I have your interest , what will you give me ? Me give you ? ♪ A beating you won 't forget . If you want more from me than a sore throat , This needs to be an exchange . Peggy would 've known that . And what does that sick head of yours Think carter would 've offered you ? Deportation is better than prison . Prison is better than the electric chair . Deal . Show me the paperwork , and I will tell you Exactly who I was stealing that lapel pin from and why . [ door opens ] Hey ! This is a federal interrogation . Who let you in here ? I did , jack . [ bolt cutter snaps ] The federal bureau of investigation Will be taking custody of miss underwood . ♪ Jack , you are doing great work . You 're making a real name for yourself . Then why does the fbi get the prize ? Let 's get a drink . Tell peggy I say bye . Man : All right , this way . Let 's go . Come on , jack . The suspect is detective andrew henry , l.A.P.D. He is armed and dangerous . Approach with caution . Oh ! Oh , is it broken ? You 'll live . Keep your head back . Of course I 'll live . I 'm worried about the aesthetic . Ana 's absolutely mad about my profile . [ scoffs ] look . ♪ [ brakes squeal ] ♪ Keep your head down . A bullet hitting your nose will be harder to explain to ana . Andrew henry ! Jason wilkes ! If you 're inside , come out with your hands raised ! The windows are frosted over . [ ice creaking ] Steering column 's frozen . He had to ditch the car . Dr. Wilkes left us a bread crumb . Mr. Jarvis , I 'll need you to wait here for the police . Direct them to follow us . Will do . Here . Well , I suppose this is progress . Only use it if absolutely necessary . And tell the police not to fire , either . We have a lot of questions for detective henry . Very well . But if I do see this detective henry , I can 't promise not to bludgeon his nose . So the cops will spot you . I shall be a beacon of justice . ♪ We 're nowhere near isodyne ! L-listen , I-I 'm sure you had a perfectly good reason For killing jane . I didn 't kill anyone . Then why are you doing this ? For the right money , I clean up other people 's messes . So when I was hired to take care of jane scott 's body , I made it look like the lady of the lake killer To revive the case . My lieutenant had pulled all my resources ! Don 't you see ? ! I 'm a good guy ! You go left , I 'll go right . Give a shout if it gets chilly . You , too . [ siren wails in distance ] oh , oh ! You hear that ? P-put your gun down , let them help you . We 'll lose them , okay ? And then you 're gonna cure me ! [ gunshots ] Man : Don 't fire ! Let 's go ! Move in ! [ grunts ] hi . I said no guns . Holster your weapons . Where is detective henry ? Back that way . Stay here . You should , too . [ breathing heavily ] [ gasps ] ♪ [ gun clicks ] Put down the gun . Or what ? You 're gonna kill me ? Look at me . I 'm dying ! We can help you . I won 't last . You 'll see . Take a step back . We can work this out . They 're not gonna let us . Who won 't let us ? [ gunshot ] I said no guns ! I 'm sorry . I-I left my radio in the car . Do you have any idea how much legwork it took To catch dottie underwood ? Of course I do . Don 't you trust me to grill her ? Jack , who 's been your biggest supporter since day one ? You have , vernon . When your father called me , Talking about his war-hero son acting aimless , Who got you the gig at the best intelligence agency Both sides of the atlantic ? And I appreciate everything you 've done . I do . I just ... I feel like the person who fights the bear Should be the one to get the honey . I 'd never steer you wrong , jack . Then why are you giving the fbi credit For the capture of underwood ? You need to start playing the long game here . The ssr is a wartime agency , and the war is over . Am I being fired ? Worse . You 're becoming irrelevant . The entire department of war is being restructured , Which means that the ssr is going the way of the dinosaur . It 's a different world now . And you 've got to ask yourself , " do I want to be the former chief of the ssr Or the current muckety-muck of the next big thing ? " I want to be in the muck . And that 's the kind of attitude That 's gonna serve you very well . [ sighs ] Dottie underwood was attempting to steal From some very powerful men who have even more powerful allies . Like who ? The important thing is , you stopped her , And those men - - they know you did . Now , you keep your nose to the grindstone , And they 'll make sure that your next position Befits your pretty face . [ jazz music playing ] [ siren wails in distance ] Dr. Wilkes , I feel responsible For putting you in danger 's path . Wonder how many days it will take my heartbeat to slow . If whatever killed detective henry and the medical examiner Is contagious , then we 've all been exposed . I 'm guessing that whatever it is , You can 't get it Unless you 've been exposed to contaminated blood . The medical examiner had the most intense And prolonged exposure , Which may explain why he succumbed first . At your earliest convenience , I 'm going to need a written report Stating exactly what detective henry told you . I 'll get it to you immediately . I want to thank you properly for saving my life , agent carter . That 's not necessary . How about dinner and dancing ? This Saturday evening ? You 're a brave man . But I make it my policy Not to socialize with persons of interest . Of - - of course . That makes perfect sense . But it 's nice to know you find me interesting . ♪ The job 's done . Good man . See , hon ? You figured out how to fix it all . [ chuckles ] And that 's the last time We should have to dirty our hands , hmm ? Just because you dirtied other parts of your anatomy . I 'm not sure whether you follow the adventure Or the adventure follows you . Who do you think killed jane scott ? I don 't know . Me , neither . And the case isn 't closed . Guess I 'll be around for a bit longer . You think that scientist will help us out ? He 'll write a report , but I doubt he 'll know The full extent of what his employers are up to . Right . Was quite a night . [ chuckles ] I could do with a drink . How about you ? I can 't tonight . Maybe another time ? Yes , of course . I forgot my jacket . Go on without me . Oh . Night . Night . Woman : Daniel ! Over here . [ sousa laughs ] what are you doing here ? Hi . What a surprise . I got off work early . Let 's get out of here . ♪ [ horn honks ] I 'm parked down here ! [ machinery humming ] [ whooshing ]
