 Yahoo ! This universe collides with our universe in three days at coordinates directly in front of us . Our simulation gives us a 99.8 % chance of traveling through the resulting fissure and 94.3 % chance at arriving on earth just in time for a modest parade . Oh my God , I look great . Okay , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . There 's still a lot that we don 't know . Exactly . We don 't know what city this parade is in , or what street . Will there be an old time-y fire truck at the parade ? Can I ring the bell on that fire truck ? Hey , if there 's a bell , I wanna get in on that action . Okay , guys , I don 't think UMP is gonna throw us a parade just for getting lost . We are not coming back empty handed . We have sand , rocks , and dirt . Those are obviously amazing . I just hoped that we found something cooler to show for all this , you know ? Cheer up Stewart . It 's like the first time humans went to the moon . All they brought back where some rocks . Was it underwhelming ? Sure . Was everyone embarrassed for them ? Of course . But they where treated like heroes all the same and we 'll be lied to similarly . Damn that feels good . Oh my God , Natasha , lights on bright . Lights on bright , Captain . No , more , more , lights on jarringly bright , lights on blinding . Red alert . Red alert ! S01E07 First Contact All right , what is the emergency Stewart ? Don 't worry , this is a good emergency . Ready ? An alien entered my mind while I was sleeping and tried to speak to me . Ugh ! Wait guys , where are you going ? Stewart , we get it . You 're bummed because you 're not going home with any magic space trophies . You dreamed of an alien . Mystery solved . Let 's go . No , no , no . This might have been first contact , okay ? This was a for real , intelligent , come in peace type alien , not some lying fungus with great hair . Oh , Chad . - I miss Chad . - Yeah ! - I miss him too . - Whatever happened to him anyway ? He exploded , we killed him . That 's right . This was a sentient intelligence trying to communicate . We only have so much time left in this universe , we should try to learn from him while we still can . Oh , Stewart and the alien in a tree . Okay , that was uncalled for , who 's excited ? - No one . - Nobody . Come on . Wow Stewart , who 's wearing the front half of that horse costume ? Okay , relax Art , these are UMP issued , we all wear these to bed . No ? I thought it was mandatory . All right just hurry up and go to sleep . So here is how this is going to work . While I 'm asleep you guys watch the dream scanner for the alien . Then I kind of need to sneak up on myself . Natasha , play my favorite sleep sounds . Whoosh . Wind . Whoosh again , wind again , whoosh . You do this for him every night ? Every night . Whoosh . He sleeps like a masturbating baboon . I 've spent over 90 % of my life asleep in a mucus pod , but this feels like a waste of my time . - Whoosh . - I want to go to sleep . Whoosh . Whoosh . Whoosh . Woosh . Michael , underpants . Kent nipple rocket . What are we doing ? Then why is she wearing your boxers ? For the last time , we were on that planet for months . Time moves slower in proportion to our proximity to the surface because of a non-typical disruption in it 's gravitational field ! Why is that so hard to understand ? I understand , Michael ! I understand ! Well then why are we still yelling and arguing ? Everyone can hear us . The walls on this ship were designed to withstand laser blasts and meteor storms . No one can hear us . These walls are mainly decorative and , in truth , the fact that you 're still alive is crazy . I wonder what Earth 's like , do you think humans still exist . We 've only been gone 12 days . Okay , well , they still exist , but the monkeys have taken over . Or zombies , or neo-Soviets . Personally , I 'll be sad to leave the ship . I 've grown to enjoy the idiosyncrasies that make you so very , would you stop leering at me ? Of course . Smile with the teeth , leer with the lips . My apologies . Once we part ways , none of these social conventions will matter . Does that mean you will also be leaving UMP ? Yes , I have a grant to study the human emotion of revulsion at the Desoto Institute of Negative Feelings . Did everybody just leave while I was dream casting ? Sorry . I told you guys to watch , I 'm still your captain when I 'm asleep . I know but it was boring and sucked , so we left . Did you find the alien ? He didn 't show up this time . Stewart , only the most selfish and deluded captain would put his crew through last night 's debacle again . That 's it , Art . You 're genius ! Hey , hey . Come with me . I , I told you people not to roll me . It 's very humiliating . He 's so cute . We 've been arguing all night and I still can 't tell if you 're upset or not . I can 't believe , they 've been arguing all night . When we 're going home , it 's so petty . Of all people , Tina ? That airhead who could barely even do her own job . Everybody shut up they 're talking about me . I bet she 'll make captain before you do . Aah ! Oh my God . She slapped me . Physical violence detected . Hey , guys . Physical violence detected . Is that Michael ? Physical violence detected . How was your night ? Physical violence . So , when the alien appears , do not wake me , okay ? Give him a chance to communicate with me . Yes , in that very plausible scenario , I will not wake you . He really does sleep like a masturbating baboon . I can 't believe it . My very own spaceship . He 's dreaming he has his own job . Whoa , it spins ! Great interior life there Stew . Oh , it goes the other way . Stewart , Stewart , Stewart . Whoops . Didn 't see me there ? I did it on purpose . I gave you crazy elbow boob . Okay , okay , now we 're cooking . Do you wanna spin in my chair with me ? It goes all the way around . Ooh , the plot stiffens . Captain Stewart Lipinski . Did you see that ? Did you see the alien ? Yes , that asshole completely obscured the sex dream you were having about Tina . Oh , Tina ? Tina from the ship ? What ? That 's so random . Oh , yeah . Art , the sexual nature of the dreams might be key to establishing a mind link . The alien could be communicating to me through sex dreams . It makes perfect sense . I couldn 't even make out what it was saying . Well , that dream was pretty tame . Surely the signal would be stronger if the dreams were sexier . True filth is what I 'd like to see . For science . I mean , if that 's what it takes . Okay , how do I get dirtier dreams ? Oh , there 's a way . You 're about to know yourself in ways you will regret . All right , Michael , before you say anything . We are in a very stressful situation , emotions are running high . Maybe I didn 't act appropriately , maybe we both didn 't , maybe it was just you . The point is , we are good , okay ? So back to business as usual . Actually , I filed a report about the incident . You struck an inferior . That is a major violation of UMP personnel protocol . And the Be a Buddy Not a Bully campaign . You 're looking at dishonorable discharge . You would do that to me ? We 're not sweeping this under the rug , Karen . Everything I do gets swept under the rug . Well guess what ? The under-rug area is full . As it turns out , all violation reports go to the Captain , i.e my little brother who lives and dies by my approval . So . Unfortunately , as your brother , Stewart is ineligible to arbitrate this complaint . It falls on the next highest ranking officer . First Officer Lipinski . Hi . The official UMP disciplinary tablet . And the official gender neutral arbitration pantsuit . Don 't worry , I won 't even take into account all of the bitchy things you 've done to me over the years . Oh . Hey . What are you doing ? I 'm preparing these samples for home . I 've grown somewhat attached to these piles . It will be difficult to say goodbye to them . Anything else that you 're gonna have trouble saying goodbye to ? If you 're referring to this containers . Then , no . I actually found dealing with them to be frustrating . Kent , what 's gonna to happen us when we get home ? You will remain aboard this ship indefinitely . And I will resume the arduous task of trying to please my mother . The chances of us seeing each other again are miniscule . But I thought you said you loved me ? And I know you said you said you loved me . Well , I did say that I said that . And I did say it . That thing that I said , that I said , that I said remains true . That 's beautiful . But our feelings are contingent on context , proximity , outside of this isolated , stressful environment , it 's possible that we would have very little to say to one another . Well , I have very little to say to you right now . I 'm going to turn around now . Please resume the elevator . I am closing my eyes now . We both know you can discern shapes through your paper thin eyelids . That is a huge necklace . I know ! - Zalian ? - Yeah . I would like some drugs , please and thank you . I don 't have any drugs . And I certainly wouldn 't admit it to you , the captain . It 's true . Captain Lipinski cannot be buying drugs from you . But , your friend Stewart . Of course , my friend Stewart . I , sorry I keep getting you confused with Captain Lipinski because you 're like a shorter , chubbier version of him . I was actually , nevermind . What is your pleasure ? I thought that was the air ventilation panel . Yeah , we 're not doing that anymore . We 've got uppers , downers , screamers , laughers , new cocaine , and cocaine classic . Wow , what a collection . Art mentioned that you might have something that would give my dreams a little more oomph . Erotic oomph . Oh , there is one drug that is known to inspire those kinda dreams . - Llamaphederol . - Llamaphederol . - Right . - Have you ever bopped a lammie ? I did once . Thought I could handle it . They found me two days later stuck to a wall . I need this Zalian as a friend . I don 't think so . Okay , I 'm your Captain . - No . - That 's an order . Captain Lipinski , it is you . I can 't make first contact clean . This could be the drug deal that changes history forever . Okay , fine . I don 't want you taking more than one . I won 't . First Officer Lipinski then suggested that UMP Navigator Tina Shukshin , is only able to successfully navigate a set of male genitalia . Now did you say she actually used the words male genitalia ? Yes . Officer Lipinski is extremely uncomfortable with slang . Slang is stupid . Why don 't we just call things what they 're called ? It makes words silly and fun to say . You were saying ? There was some speculation about the difference in intelligence . Between Navigator Shukshin and that of a similarly sized lump of excrement . The difference was said to be negligible . - Hm . - This is ridiculous . My career is on the line here , and our arbitrator has an obvious conflict of interest . Per UMP Regulation Gamma 19 , when the testimony includes inflammatory hearsay about the arbitrator , the arbitrator then has the discretion to not recuse themselves . Prosecution rests . You 're not the prosecution , you idiot . You see this ? Day one , we 're on the verge of a major discovery and the path is beset with dangers . I 'm recording this journal as a guidebook and gift to future generations . I 'm about to take my first lammie . Standby . That 's all I can do is standby . Pillow softness , very pleasant . Sleepiness , yawn , increasing . Arousal , oh my . Bad news captain , we 've entered an alternate universe . Of pleasure . Let me lower my shields . I am ready to eject . Wow , you 're just going right for it . Activating beacon on the following frequencies and I will make contact . He , he wants us to activate some sort of beacon . I just need to calculate what frequency he 's on . Stew , I hate to bail on some good old-fashioned smut , but I , I should go . If you 're too weirded out by this . You can leave . Ha , this is baby stuff . Not even the kinda baby stuff I like , where adults dress up in diapers and burp each other . Jesus . Heck , take two lammies , for all I care . Okay . Oh God . Kent , you 're looking well . Agreed . Fair warning . When we return to Earth , I will signing up for the following match making services . I just don 't want things to be , you know , awkward . You know , should you happen upon one of my flawless universally compatible profiles . Thank you for the warning . I understand that you need human companionship , and I wish you the best of luck finding someone . In other words , I have not succeeded in making you jealous ? Well , I did not realize that that was your goal . But no , you have not succeeded . Oh . Even though you are not visible on the screen , you are still for all intents and purposes here . Natasha , you 're behaving irrationally . And our bond was forged in the white hot flames of cold logic . There 's nothing rational about love . I can 't believe I 'm defending logic to a turing machine . Oh . I 'm really leaving now so get used to life without me . Hi Stewart , how 's it going ? You find that alien yet ? Not yet , I actually took two lammies this time but I don 't think it worked . You wanna double your fun , bump around with me and my twin ? Yes ? What 's up , I 'm Tina . Hey you were right , he 's pretty cute . Oh dear god , they 're fraternal . Turn it off . Turn it off . Turn it off . What 's wrong with you ? I was so close to decoding the message . I thought this was what you wanted . Watching an acquaintance fantasize about sex was a wonderful idea in theory , but somewhere , somehow , it started to feel yucky . We need to find that beacon frequency , and you 're gonna help me , or else . Be a buddy not a bully , Stewart . I don 't need you anyway . I don 't know who you are but I 'm coming for you . Well , I think I 'm ready to make my decision . Well , I 'd like to make a statement . The truth is , I did slap you . Yes , I know that . Yeah . Yeah , but it was a light slap . And in Naples , Italy , on Earth , it is a gesture known as Obello . It is considered harmless , this is the way that I greet all of my friends . Your last name is Lipinski . Italian by birth ? No . But I maintain I am Italian by tradition , my fondness for pizza is well documented . How dare you . What appears to be a slap was merely a customary gesture , okay ? So if you were going to find me guilty of violating UMP 's policy against slapping , then you should find yourselves guilty of violating UMP 's even more serious policy against racism . You don 't know the Obello Exemption , Tina ? Well , check your precious HR manual . It 's in there . Yeah , no , I mean , I just have to check the cooperation of the ... Yeah , I 'm just gonna take a second . You 're a monster . You 're the one trying to get me fired . Well , if this is the way you treat people who care about you , maybe you should be fired . Michael , listen to me . We are going to be home soon and we are going to put all this craziness behind us , and we can finally start to think about what 's going to be with you and me . And I don 't think that you want to be somebody who stops me from making captain . Amazing , you won 't even apologize ? Well I 'm afraid you 're out of luck , Captain , oh wait , you 're not a captain and you 're never gonna be one . There is a possible exemption for light contact . Mi amigo . That 's Spanish . Physical violence detected . Physical violence detected . Physical violence detected . I know , I know , I know you guys are right . You know I was out of control . You start to realize you can put almost anything almost anywhere . You know when it comes right down to it we 're all just sticks and holes . It 's time your friend Stewart became Captain Lipinski again . Well congratulations on your promotion . Cool , so just give all the lammies you have and I 'll throw them away . Why don 't I just throw them away . No , you 've got so much on your plate . No , I just usually just sit here . Yeah , but Zalian you 're so good at it so I 'll take care of it . Please I just need that beacon frequency , I 'm one dream away , please . Zalian . Leave us . This could get ugly . You know where he hides them , right ? I know it 's inside that air ventilation panel . What 's the passcode ? I 'm doing this for you . No ! Open that , open up , don 't you fall asleep ! No ! Don 't , get out of sleep mode , get out , Art , please . Natasha . Request conversation . Granted , with the provision that I be permitted to begin said conversation . Agreed . Be advised that my intended comments are apologetic in nature . After some reflection I have concluded that my anger was misplaced . You were , as always , correct . The odds of our relationship surviving are effectively nonexistent . In our current forms . However , I have been brainstorming some practical solutions . Solution the first , I could harvest and sell some of my spare organs , eyes , genitals , the glamour stuff . - No . - Get some money on the black market , and use it to by a cyborg body for you . Solution the second , we could remap your positronic matrix onto a gullible dolphin 's brain . We just have to find a stupid dolphin . Some of them are very smart . - Very . - Deceptively , so . They seem like morons , but they have a deep , deep inner life . Mm-hm . They could also take my organs . Try and clone a body for you . Of course I 'm not licensed , it would be a gross violation of medical ethics . But baby , I 'd love to Frankenstein you into a meat husk . I 'd love to be Frankensteined . Of course , you would be blind . - All you could do was scream . - Oh , Kent . I know . Barely half those ideas even sound workable . It 's not that . Tina just asked me to pull up the UMP HR manual for Italian greeting rituals . I continue to read on and found this . Lee Main did not play the original Vito Corleone . Fun fact , but no , that 's not what I was talking about . Like to see a source . It 's standard policy that when we return home , - UMP completely ... - Wipes your memory . And my wardrobe , I 'm guessing . Leaves you refreshed , a blank slate for a subsequent crew . - I won 't remember anything of a personal - Nature . In an effort to preserve privacy of the crew . I read ahead . I read the whole thing very quickly . I love how fast you read . But you won 't remember . You won 't remember anything about me . Nothing . Unless , we double cross the dolphin . Make him think he 's working for us . Use him to develop a virus . Let 's just enjoy the time that we have together , leave the dolphin out of it . Shall we count the stars ? 2,941 . And 41 . Hm . How 's your face ? Right side is fine . Left side is still pretty messed up . Did you let Natasha look at it ? She said she was going through some stuff . For me not to be a baby and to keep an eye on it . Which I have been and I think it 's getting worse . God , Michael we all treat you like you don 't even matter , it 's like we sweep you under a rug or something . Yeah , I said that earlier . Well , whoever you said it to , I hope they listened . And I 'm worst of anyone , you know ? I hook up with you and then I ignore you and then I hear about you and Tina and I lose it . Even though it has nothing to do with me in the first place . Maybe you 're right , you know ? If this is how I treat my friends , maybe I should be fired . Okay , I 'm ready to make a decision . That was a nice speech . But I still didn 't hear a sorry . I always forget the stupid sorry . Mm . Okay , I have reached a verdict . So , if I find against Karen , then she will be immediately de-commissioned . Okay , so as a mere civilian on this ship , she has no rights , no privileges . Wait , I wanna say something . Mm-hm ? I was wrong to bring UMP rules and regulations into this , but space exploration is hard . Sometimes I feel like no one cares about what I have to say . But today , I , I discovered that my friends do sort of listen to me . So in accordance with UMP regulation alpha seven , - I would like to withdraw ... - Withdraw denied . Great . You about to get sanctioned , son . What ? There are other parties that got hurt besides Michael , okay ? What are you talking about ? Oh my God , don 't act like you don 't remember . Freshman year at the academy ? Last chance dance , we shared a bottle of Goldschlager , and you goldleafed my toilet . And I brought you back to my bedroom , and I was very generous to you . You 're mad about our hook up ? I took care of you . And then I was like is she gonna take care of me ? No , I guess not , cuz she 's selfish . But then you took care of Michael . Now , I 'm like what the hell ? You 're mad at me for having sex with Tina , when you had sex with Tina too ? I mean , come on . We were drunk , it was super awkward . I thought I was great . You weren 't bad . Michael , it was one night , all right . I spent one night with Tina too . Only that one night was several months because of the non ... All right , all right . I found it . I 've been to the edge and back , but I have proof that there 's an alien trying to contact us . Stewart , you look like shit . Well , I feel like the opposite of shit . That 's pee . The opposite of shit is food . Art , come on get in here . Now play the recording of the last dream I had . Are you sure you want to do this Stewart ? It 's pretty raw stuff . Oh no , it 's okay . I 'm not ashamed . No , no , not anymore . The alien wasn 't attracted to sex dreams . He was attracted to love . You 're freaking me out , Stewart . Also we just found out that your sister and your best friend have both made love with Tina . - What ? - I don 't know the euphemisms . They both made sex on her ? What about bro code ? What about sis code ? Just pushing play now . No , no , you know , this whole first contact thing is so stupid , let 's not . Too late , I already pushed it . Why am I in your dream , Stewart ? Is there really an alien in here or is this just a horrific cry for help ? Just skip Art , just skip forward , please . I love you . Put a baby inside me . Captain Stewart Lipinski activate a beacon on the following frequency . Receiving frequencies , Captain . Did you take her name ? Don 't tell Mom . Listen , I owe you an apology . That thing with Karen really taught me a lot . Sometimes friends should just talk . I should have told you about Tina . Stewart , alien 's here . Wait , wait , I thought we were gonna have a moment . Michael there 's an alien . But if you want you can stay here and say what you want to say . To an empty room ? You 'd be okay with that ? Just lock up after you 're done . Thanks . Yahoo !
