 You 're watching the x-files . - This is dangerous . - When has that ever stopped us before ? Catch all-new episodes mondays , and check out our other fox programs- - Gotham , sleepy hollow and Lucifer . - You 're the devil . - Correct . Only on fox . My name is fox mulder . Since my childhood , I have been obsessed by a controversial global phenomenon . Since my sister disappeared when I was 12 years old ... In what I believe was an alien abduction . My obsession took me to the FBI , where I investigated paranormal science cases through the auspices of a unit known as the x-files . Through this unit , I could continue my work on the alien phenomenon , and the search for my missing sister . In 1993 , the FBI sought to impugn my work , bringing in a scientist and medical doctor to debunk it ... Which only deepened my obsession for the better part of a decade , during which time that agent , Dana Scully , had her own faith tested . In 2002 , in a change of direction and policy , the FBI closed the x-files , and our investigation ceased . But my personal obsession did not . There are 10,000 sightings each year in north America alone , and so it 's been since the dawn of time- - stone age and even biblical references into our modern age . In 1947 , Kenneth Arnold saw nine unidentified craft out the window of his small plane , followed by the historic crash at roswell and its legendary cover-up . In 1957 , ufos were spotted over our nation 's capital . The Pentagon held press briefings . Multiple witnesses in 1967 at malmstrom air force base in Montana see fighters scramble but easily outrun by ufos that climb upwards of 200,000 feet , twice the service ceiling of our highest-flying spy planes . Dr. Edgar Mitchell , the sixth man to walk on the moon , cites secret studies on extraterrestrial materials and bodies . Secretary of state Cyrus Vance and future president Gerald r . Ford validate the ufo phenomenon in official government memoranda . But now people only laugh , and only roswell is remembered . But we must ask ourselves are they really a hoax ? Are we truly alone ? Or are we being lied to ? Can I ask how much longer ? Two shakes of a lamb 's tail , doc . Step quick . Excuse me . Dr. Scully ? Yes . You have a phone call . I 'm just heading into surgery . That 's what i told him , but ... But he said it was important . Who is it ? He says his name is Walter Skinner , assistant director , FBI . If I was the president , the moment I was inaugurated , my hand would still be hot from touching the Bible , and I would immediately race to , uh , wherever they hold ... have the files about area 51 and ufos , and I 'd go through everything to find out what happened . The aliens won 't let it happen . My life 's become a punch line . What 's happening out there , Scully ? A.D. Skinner 's looking for you . Why doesn 't he just call me ? He doesn 't know how to reach you , mulder . I barely know how myself . What does he want , Scully ? He wants to know if you 've been watching someone called tad O 'Malley on the net- - apparently , he 's reached out to us from the FBI . Hold on . I 'm bringing him up . It comes down to this . It 's a mainstream liberal media lying to you about life , Liberty and your god-given right to bear firearms . Why would I watch this jackass , Scully ? 9 / 11 was a false flag operation . It was a warm-up to world war III . Now , hear me on this . It 's all part of a conspiracy dating back to the ufo crash at roswell ... I thought you were done with ufos . The stranglehold they put on your very existence , I believe is how you put it . I 'm just the messenger , mulder . Apparently this guy is desperate to meet . Tell Skinner to set it up . Seriously ? And don 't pretend I 'm going alone . Uber ? Hitchhiked . Relax , Scully . I 'm kidding . I just worry about you , mulder . Not to worry , doc . I 'm taking good care of myself . It 's good for you to get out of that little house every once in a while . It certainly was good for you . I 'm always happy to see you . And I 'm always happy to find a reason . Fox mulder ? Yes . Tad O 'Malley . And you must be former agent Dana Scully . Yes . That 's ... quite an entrance you make there . She 's shot men with less provocation . Funny . I heard you were funny . Join me for a little ride ? I 'd be happy to talk to you , Mr. O 'Malley , but right here is fine . Allow me my small precautions . Low-flying aircraft often employ what they call " dirtboxes " to record conversations that I prefer private . Aircraft employed by whom ? I 'm afraid I can only speculate . Shall we ? Because ... Why not ? None for me , thanks . Scully ? I take it you have enemies . Well , not always of my choosing , Dana . Air 's getting a little hot in here . Oh , I 'm sorry- - those don 't roll down . I had the vehicle bulletproofed . 'Cause you never know when a gun-toting liberal might go hinckley . You 'll have to excuse him . How can we help you , Mr. O 'Malley ? I 'm not some Johnny-come-lately to the ufo phenomenon , Mr. mulder . Like yourself , I 'm a true believer . No , I only want to believe . Actual proof has been strangely hard to come by . You ran the x-files . You were the x-files . You all but wrote the book . I 'm afraid that book is closed . As are the x-files . For better or worse , we 've ... Moved on with our lives . Yes , we have . For better or for worse . Well , that 's beside the point . What is the point , Mr. O 'Malley ? And how does a man with your conservative credentials count himself a believer in ufos and 9 / 11 false flag conspiracies ? I take it you think my message is disingenuous . Conspiracy sells- - it pays for bulletproof limousines . You think I do it for the ratings ? I think you 're the O 'Reilly factor with a shopworn little gimmick . What bill O 'Reilly knows about the truth could fill an eyedropper . The Kelly Cahill incident . Kelly Cahill and her husband were driving home in Victoria , Australia , when a craft appeared overhead . The cahills lost an hour of time , and Kelly was hospitalized with severe stomach pain after discovering a triangle-shaped mark near her navel . As I said ... My interest is real . What I need is your expertise . Our expertise for what ? I 'm rattling some pretty big cages in the intelligence community , but I 'm prepared to go all in- - prepared to blow open maybe the most evil conspiracy the world has ever known . That 's quite an assertion , Mr. O 'Malley . What 's stopping you ? If I 'm putting my ass out there , I need to know it 's hanging by more than just a very slender thread . Apparently , he has something to show us . Something ... And someone . Aliens couldn 't find this place . How did you , Mr. O 'Malley ? A man in my position finds himself contacted by interesting strangers . Everyone , meet sveta . Sveta , this is Dana Scully and fox mulder . Hi . Hi . Hello . Welcome to my home . Sveta 's who suggested i call you . And how would you know to do that ? You probably don 't recognize me . No , I think I 'd remember . You interviewed me and my family when I was just a little girl . Right after my first abduction . Please , come in . These are from over 20 years . You both probably recognize the classic scoop-mark scars . How many times have you been abducted , sveta ? I lost count . And then there are the screen memories they implant . The memories implanted over actual memories to make abductees forget . I 'm familiar with the syndrome . They aren 't always effective , and things come back to me sometimes . Like what kind of things ? Tests they do . Harvesting and stuff . The aliens made you pregnant ? A number of times . But they take the babies before they 're born . Those are the memories they can 't remove . They removed your unborn fetuses ? Through here . They do everything through here . Even with the DNA . Tell them about your DNA , sveta . I have alien DNA . For sure . Have you had a doctor confirm that ? No . Something you could test ? Dana ? Oh , lord . Oh , good lord . Damn thing could be dangerous . What are you doing ? ! For god 's sake , what have you done ? ! I 'm gonna take a swab . If you 'll roll up your sleeve , I 'll get some blood , too . I know you 're doubtful about this . What makes you say that , sveta ? I 'm kind of a mind reader . Is that a personal trait , or is that what happens with alien DNA ? I can move things . With my mind . Would you care to demonstrate ? I can 't do it all the time . So it just ... happens whenever . I don 't know how to control it . You were a couple before . I 'm sorry , what ? You and Mr. mulder . You were together , but now you 're not . You reading my mind , sveta ? He 's been depressed . What you diagnosed as endogenous depression . It 's what killed your relationship . Oh . And you have a child together . That 's enough . You believe me now ? Why don 't you tell me . You don 't know what it 's like to be abducted . To be taken against your will . You don 't know . Well ... maybe you do . I was right about one thing . Conspiracy 's made you a very rich man . One way to look at it . What 's made me rich is my pursuit of the truth . My pursuit 's not been so lucrative . I feel I need to warn you . When we arrive at our destination , the people we 're meeting are very paranoid about the work they do . I want to prepare you for what you 're about to see , Mr. mulder . A Faraday cage ? For what ? Do you know what an arv is ? That 's what you brought me here to see ? This is garner . He 'll walk you through the science . That 's an alien replica vehicle ? Given your background , i would 've thought you 'd seen one before . No , never . Not like that . What we 're showing you , we do at great risk . Colleagues have had labs burned to the ground and work destroyed by our own government . It 's running on toroidal energy , so-called zero-point energy . Simply the energy of the universe . You 're talking about free energy ? That we 've had since the ' 40s . No fuel , no flame , no combustion . A simple electromagnetic field . Technology kept secret for 70 years while the world ran on petroleum . Oil companies making trillions . What I 'm gonna show you next is the most unbelievable part . Gravity warp drive- - but how ? Element 115 . Ununpentium . Where did you get it ? Where are you going with that thing ? I 'm a man of medicine , sir . It 's dead . It 's done now . Then why even bring me out here ? Testing yourself for alien DNA ? High cholesterol . Sorry to barge in on you like this . It looks like you 've had quite a day . The usual around here . Doesn 't look so usual to me . It 's a disease called microtia . Children born without ears . You operate on these kids ? I assist the surgeons , who are really doing god 's work . Giving kids what their biology neglected . So it 's a genetic deformity ? Possibly , but not conclusively . It 's most common in navajo Indians . What 's so striking is how alien it looks . I assure you that is simply a random coincidence , Mr. O 'Malley . You mean , unrelated to your previous work experience ? Far , far from that experience . Do you miss it at all ? The x-files ? As a scientist , it was probably some of the most intense and challenging work I 've ever done . I 've never felt so alive . You mean working with mulder ? Possibly one of the most intense and challenging relationships I may ever have . And , quite honestly , the most impossible . Yeah . I got that impression . Are you here for a reason ? I needed to know you weren 't upset by mulder putting you on the spot with this sveta business . No , it 's fine . I 'm ... used to it . And I just wanted to see you again . How did you get here ? Hitchhiked . There was a moment you were being asked about your abductions- - about your pregnancies , how the aliens took your babies- - and before you answered , you looked at O 'Malley . Why ? Because it 's not exactly the right question . I 'm sorry , I don 't understand . Because I don 't believe it 's aliens who were taking them . But you said you were abducted . This is difficult . These are very difficult memories , and this is ... Very dangerous answers . Well , everything stays between us , sveta . The things I 've experienced- - they 've affected my entire life . They 've made it impossible to have anything like a normal existence . What are you afraid of ? That it only gets worse . Sveta , who took your babies ? Men . Men ? Humans ? You saw their faces ? Yes . They took me aboard their ships . And ... I was afraid they would kill me if I ever told anyone the truth . It 's why you didn 't see a doctor . Who can I trust ? They would call me a liar when they 're the liars . You can trust me . You worked for the government . Technically , but not for years . But you always wondered . If they weren 't lying to you , too . Mulder . Scully , listen to me . I 've been misled . We 've been misled . Mulder , hold on a second . No , just-just listen to what I 'm saying . What if everything we 've been led to believe in is a lie ? What if there is no alien conspiracy ? Can we pull over a second ? I 've got to get out . Mulder , what are you talking about ? I 'm talking about everything we 've been led to believe . Our work , the x-files , everything . Can we talk about this soon ? I know why O 'Malley came to us , Scully . And that girl is the key , Scully . Sveta is the key to everything . Couldn 't you be jumping to conclusions ? I can 't do this over the phone right now , Scully . I got to go . Mulder , where are you going ? Mulder ? Talk to me . Where are they- - the files ? I don 't know where they are . You said no one had been down here , it hadn 't been touched . Not for 14 years since you and Scully left the bureau . I need access to the x-files . Can you tell me what this is about ? It 's about controlling the past to control the future . It 's about fiction masquerading as fact . Now , you owe me some answers , Skinner . You just calm the hell down , mulder , before we both get pissed off . I don 't take orders from you . No . Who do you take orders from ? Why do you think i called you ? Because I was looking out for you , like I 've always looked out for you . A decade of my life in this office . And all the time , i was being led by my nose through a dark alley to a dead end , exactly as they planned . You 're blaming me for that ? No , I 'm blaming myself . I 'm sure they lied to you , too . There hasn 't been a day since you left that I haven 't reached for my phone to call you , mulder , wishing that you were still down here . Since 9 / 11 , this country has taken a big turn in a very strange direction . How they police us and spy on us , tell us that makes us safer ? We 've never been in more danger . Then do something about it , mulder . Now you 've got my number . So if you own a registered firearm , you will actually be targeted as an enemy by your own government in the likely imposition of martial law . But I 'd like to end the show on a brighter note by pointing out the heroic work being done by a friend of mine . Literally putting kids back together who are born without something we all take for granted . At our lady of sorrows hospital in Washington , D.C. , Dr. Dana Scully , working to mend the lives of unfortunate children . Dr. Scully ? I 've got your test results back . Thank you . Nurse ? I need you to do something . Of course . I need these samples retested . Was there a problem with them ? Dr. Scully ? We need you in here . I just want them retested , please . Thank you . Oh . And I 'm expecting a call- - well , I 'm hoping for a call- - from somebody named mulder . Is the hour absolutely necessary ? It was important that I see you . We made an agreement about our meeting in unsecured environments . I took the usual precautions . I 'm assuming you did , too . I 've been standing here for over an hour . I haven 't seen a soul . I called you because you said if I ever put the pieces together , that you would confirm . And have you put them together ? I 've met someone . I 've seen something . 'Cause you weren 't even close . Warring aliens lighting each other on fire and other such nonsense . I was being cleverly manipulated . And what brings this new clarity ? I saw an arv running on free energy . I saw it disappear . That 's what they all seem to do . But the technology exists . It 's existed since roswell . And it 's been in use , being used on humans in human testing , the taking of men , women and children that 's misreported as alien abductions . So you believe you have the how . Yes . And I think I know the why . The why is more complicated than you may ever know , Mr. mulder . 60 years ago , we were warned about the military industrial complex gathering too much power . This is old news . The countdown has begun . It began in 2012 , but no one knew . Tell me something new . Alien technology being used against us , not by aliens , not with aliens , but by a venal conspiracy of men against humanity . You 're wasting my time . What are the tests for ? You tell me , Mr. mulder . Ten years ago , you came to me saying you couldn 't take your secrets to your grave , that you couldn 't live with it . I 'm a man of medicine . I didn 't know how my work would be used . The lies are so great , Mr. mulder . The truth must be unassailable . Well , let me tell the world . They 'll make a mockery of us . Then let me take that bullet . And these men are capable of that . You 're nearly there . You 're close . Roswell . That was a smokescreen . So I 've been told . What are you doing here , Scully ? Mulder , you hang up on me , i don 't hear from you all day , you 're on some jag about the x-files . I figured it out . It all makes complete sense . All these years , we 've been deceived . I don 't know what you mean . I ... I couldn 't call you because it 's gonna sound crazy . That 's why I 'm here , mulder , as somebody who cares about you . As somebody who 's worried about you . All right , just listen to me , all right ? No , you listen to me , mulder . Scully , you got to trust me on this . I have seen this before . You 're on fire , believing that you 're onto some truth , that you can save the world . This will finally be their undoing . It 'll be your undoing , mulder . This is my life . This is everything . This is everything I believe in . You want to believe . You so badly want to believe . I do believe . I believe that tad O 'Malley is right . This is not an alien conspiracy . It 's a conspiracy of men . Tad O 'Malley is a charming man full of charming bs , mulder . No , he woke me up . How do you know he 's not playing you ? He 's a player . He 's been a godsend . What are you talking about ? The truth is out there , Scully , and tad O 'Malley 's gonna broadcast it . Mulder ... listen to me . As your friend and as a physician , you are on dangerous ground here . I know what I 'm doing . Is everything okay ? Yeah , everything is okay . She 's the key to everything . Sveta ... is the key . You know what you 're doing . Scully ... Hey . Where you going ? You 're not leaving , are you ? I just need to get out of here . Stay . It 's important . Don 't tell me what 's important , please . I just need to leave . Wasn 't she invited ? I would have invited you , Scully , but I didn 't think you 'd come . I shouldn 't have come . Then what are you doing here ? Mulder , what are you up to ? The tentacles reach far back into the last century , but it wasn 't until victories in Europe and Japan and the onset of the cold war that political and economic conditions became perfect for actual execution . A conspiracy bigger and more secret than the Manhattan project . More odious and far-reaching . No sooner had we defeated Germany than a new threat started appearing in skies over America , drawn to earth by the latest threat to extinction : The h-bomb . Explosions acting as transducers , drawing alien life-forms through wormholes in spaceships using electrogravitic propulsion . Advanced extraterrestrial species visiting us , concerned for mankind and the threat of our self-destruction , forestalling our annihilation through their own self-sacrifice . The crashes at roswell . More importantly , places like aztec . World leaders signed secret memos directing scientific studies of alien technology and biochemistry . Classified studies were done at military installations s4 , groom lake , Wright-Patterson and Dulce , extracting alien tissue . Tests were done on unsuspecting human subjects in elaborately staged abductions , in craft using alien technology recovered from the downed saucers including human hybridization through gene editing and forced implantation of alien embryos . Why do such a thing and lie about it- - our own government ? Your own government lies as a matter of course , as a matter of policy- - the tuskegee experiments on black men in the ' 30s ; Henrietta lacks . What are they trying to do ? That 's the missing piece . But it 's not hard to imagine- - a government hiding , hoarding alien technology for 70 years , at the expense of human life and the future of the planet . Driven not only by corporate greed , but ... a darker objective . The takeover of America . And then the world itself , by any means necessary , however violent ... Or cruel ... or efficient . By severe drought brought on by weather wars conducted secretly using aerial contaminants and high-altitude electromagnetic waves , in a state of perpetual war to create problem-reaction - solution scenarios to distract , enrage and enslave American citizens at home with tools like the patriot act and the national defense authorization act , which abridged the constitution in the name of national security . The militarization of police forces in cities across the U.S. The building of prison camps by the federal emergency management agency with no stated purpose . The corporate takeover of food and agriculture , pharmaceuticals and health care , even the military , in clandestine agendas , to fatten , dull , sicken and control a populace already consumed by consumerism . And I encourage you all to go shopping more . A government that taps your phone , collects your data and monitors your whereabouts with impunity . A government preparing to use that data against you when it strikes and the final takeover begins . The takeover of America . By a well-oiled and well-armed multinational group of elites that will cull , kill and subjugate . Happening as we sit here . It 's happening all around us . The other shoe waiting to drop . It 'll probably start on a Friday . The banks will announce a security action necessitating their computers to go offline all weekend . Digital money will disappear . They can just steal your money ? Followed by the detonation of strategic electromagnetic pulse bombs to knock out major grids . What will seem like an attack on America by terrorists or Russia . Or a simulated alien invasion using alien replica vehicles that exist and are already in use . An alien invasion of the U.S. The Russians tried it in ' 47 . You can 't say these things . I 'm gonna say them tomorrow . It 's fearmongering claptrap , isolationist techno-paranoia so bogus and dangerous and stupid that it borders on treason . Saying these things would be incredibly irresponsible . It 's irresponsible not to say it . Especially if it 's the truth . Your test came back negative . What do you mean , negative ? She has no evidence of alien DNA . I promised you the truth today , but that truth has come under assault . Tad O 'Malley tried to put words in my mouth . He paid me to create stories about alien abductions . He is saying lies and stories for his TV show so people will watch . I am ... so sorry if I misled anyone . They got to her . These are the depths our government stoops to . We must be making them very afraid . Dr. Scully ? Your test results came back in . Sveta ? Sveta ? Sveta ? No , no . Stop ! You can 't ! You have no right ... There 's something called the Venus syndrome . It 's a runaway global warming scenario that leads us to the brink of the sixth extinction . Those with means will prepare to move off the planet into space , which has already been weaponized against the poor , huddled masses of humanity that haven 't been exterminated by the uber-violent fascist elites . If you believe in that kind of thing . You look exhausted , mulder . It was a long day at the office . I don 't know if you saw , but ... Tad O 'Malley pulled the plug . They 're very good , these guys , you know ? And what about sveta ? Where is she ? I 'm sure they scared her to death . We need to find her , mulder . We need to protect her , no matter what . Why ? You said her tests came back negative . I ran them again . In fact ... I sequenced her entire genome because I didn 't trust the initial results . Are you saying she has alien DNA ? And I sequenced my own genome- - because of my history and ... Because we have a child together . Scully ... what are you saying ? I 'm saying she 's not the only one . I 'm saying someone has to stop these sons of bitches . Skinner . Skinner . Scully , are you ready for this ? I don 't know there 's a choice . Oh , no ... Please ... Please don 't quit . No . Oh , no . No ! No ! Yes . Yes . I see . We have a small problem . They 've reopened the x-files . I made this . Captioned by media access group at wgbh you 've just watched the x-files . Now here are a few more shows to check out from fox . I have the ability to draw out people 's forbidden desires . Ooh ! Hello ! So , you 're psychic or something ? No , I can 't read people 's minds . I 'm not jedi . - Who are you ? - Call me Lucifer . - You 're the devil . - Correct . Lucifer . Series premiere Monday , January 25 on fox .
