 ( electronic whirring ) _ FEMALE ELECTRONIC VOICE : Good day , Dr. Sanjay . Yeah . Good morning . ( scanner wand squeaking ) Sanjay ! ( laughs ) Oh . You okay ? Rough weekend ? A humdinger . Work or pleasure ? I haven 't known pleasure for quite some time . ( wry laugh ) ( tone ringing ) Are you okay ? It 's nothing . HILL : The Founder looked at the data . He sent a message this morning . " Do over . " CYNTHIA : That 's it ? We spent months on those trials . We 've tried every new source of pluripotent stem cells , including samples from amniotic fluids . We need more than just pronouncements from above . We need direction ! What about a meeting with the man ? HILL : You want the Founder to tell you how terrible your data is face-to-face ? The guy is a recluse . No one here 's even seen him for years . ( distorted ) : For all we know , he didn 't even read the stuff . HILL ( distorted ) : I can assure you that Augustus Goldman is ( slows , distorts ) : fully engaged . But the Founder has other interests that keep him occupied . Yeah , what about that ? Doesn 't that creep you out , that he 's referred to as " The Founder " ? ( fluttering ) ( glass rattling ) ( snaps , cracks ) ( fingers thudding ) ( eyelids shudder and crackle ) CYNTHIA : ... do it . HILL : Now . It 's necessary . Data ... is the key . HILL : Don 't hesitate . Go . Go now . Go ! ( tone ringing ) ( distorted ) : No ... no ! ( glass rattling , clattering ) Can 't anyone hear that ? ( tone stops ) ( gasps ) Sorry . Excuse me . ♪ ♪ ( typing rapidly ) CYNTHIA : Do it . HILL : Now . ROGERS : Data ... is the key . ( knock echoing ) ROGERS ( muffled , distorted ) : Sanjay ! Sanjay ! Sanjay , come on ! Open up ! ( insistent banging on door ) HILL ( muffled ) : Open the door , Sanjay ! ROGERS ( distorted ) : Sanjay ! Sanjay , open the door ! - HILL : It 's not opening ! - Open the door ! Sanjay ! HILL : Something 's wrong with the system ! ROGERS : Sanjay , open the door ! ( tone ringing ) - ( tone intensifies ) - ( Sanjay whimpers ) ( gasping ) ( muffled ) : - Sanjay ? ( muffled ) : - Sanjay ! Sanjay ! - ( tone continues ) - ( crackling , squishing ) ( brief whimper ) _ _ ( camera shutter clicking ) What do you make of this , Scully ? Well , it seems that Dr. Sanjay had a psychotic break and committed suicide . Note the letter opener sticking out of his head . Noted . All the witnesses I spoke to have consistent accounts . I mean the room . He chose the most secured place in the building to kill himself . He was trying to access something . These are isolated servers , so the only way to get to the data is through this terminal , which is also protected . Is that why we 're here ? You 're interested in the server ? What are you looking for , Mulder ? Unhand the hard drive , sir . This is evidence . It 's classified . The reason why we 're investigating , rather than the local police is because we have security clearance . To be in the room . Not to look inside this . That is property Department of Defense . MULDER : We need to conduct a few more interviews , then , before we conclude our investigation . The individuals pertinent to this incident have already been interviewed by your colleague . We 'd like to talk to Augustus Goldman . That 's impossible . Dr. Goldman was not even on campus when this happened . Well , if you won 't let me look at the drive , then I have to talk to Goldman about what the deceased was trying to access before he died . I 'm not authorized to confirm that I have knowledge of the whereabouts of the Founder . Can you confirm that you have security cameras watching over the entire complex ? There 's that one , - and I saw a few more out there . - GUARD : Yes . In that case , I 'd like to see all of the tapes . - As soon as possible . - GUARD : All right . I 'll have those sent over . But for now , remove this body so we can secure this room . Sorry , we 're not finished ... Oh , we are finished . We are finished . Mulder , that 's not your phone . You know me , Scully . I 'm old-school . Riley vs. California . The Supreme Court ruled that you needed a warrant to search a mobile phone . That 's for a suspect . Sanjay 's the victim . Well , there is no victim . He killed himself . Well , then , I 'm sure he won 't mind me talking to some of his friends . Here 's someone he talked to every night . " Gupta . " Dr. Sanjay is from western India . Gupta 's a Marathi word . It means " secret . " How do you know that ? I 'm old-school , Mulder . Pre-Google . ( blues song playing in background ) ♪ Tell me , baby ... ♪ Gupta ? Thanks for meeting me . My name is ... No ... no names , please . You 're Sonny 's friend ? ( no voice ) Is that guy bothering you ? Not yet . What ... do you ... want ? I want to talk . Can we go somewhere more private ? I don 't ... know you well enough . I 'm safe . You can trust me . Come on . Oh , whoa , whoa , no . Well , you said you wanted to " talk . " Yes . I-I don 't think that means exactly what you think it means . Or ... or I 'm not ... You guys are all alike , you know ? You say you want to walk on the wild side , but when it comes down to it ... you 're repressed . I finally let go of all that , that self-loathing and that judgment and I 'm free . Stop tormenting yourself . The truth is in here . Yeah , I 've-I 've heard something like that . Hey , listen , I-I-I gotta tell you ... ( clears throat ) Sanjay is dead . _ Deceased is a male , 35 years old , five-foot-eight and three-quarters inches , 180 pounds . ( sighs ) The probable cause of death is the introduction ... self-propelled ... of a letter opener into the cerebral cortex by way of the ear canal . ( sighs , groans ) I will now commence with my overall external examination . The last couple of weeks , he was ... he was distant . He was ... he was troubled . I ... I thought it was me , you know ? We hadn 't gotten together for a while . I mean , he 'd call me every night , but nothing ... physical . Did he talk to you about his problems ? About work ? Yeah . Yeah , he said he was upset about his kids . He said they were dying . His kids ? He was single . I didn 't push it . I just tried to make him feel better . Well , I saw where he lived . There was nothing there . He lived an antiseptic life . He lived two lives . In two separate places . - ( phone buzzing ) - Excuse me . Yeah . Mulder , you gotta see this . I had to break his fingers to pry them open . But he wrote that on the palm of his hand before he died . " Founder 's Mutation . " The Founder is what they called Dr. Goldman at Nugenics . Is that why you wanted to talk to him ? I don 't think that 's the mutation Sanjay was referring to . Did you find anything else on the autopsy ? Well , there were no abnormalities in Dr. Sanjay 's brain . The opener destroyed the acoustic nerve and then went into the cerebral cortex . It 's weird , because the opener goes in at 90 degrees and then it veers off at 60 degrees up into his brain , like he was hunting for something . Yeah . It ended up in the auditory cortex . You know ... he blurted something out at the meeting , before his suicide . He said , " Can 't anyone hear that ? " - Hmm . - But nobody else could hear a thing . Well , ultimately , hearing is just nerve impulses interpreted by the brain . What if those same impulses could be generated without actual vibrations striking the ear drum ? - Hmm . - Well , anyway . If he left a note on his hand , maybe he left other clues . But where ? We 've checked out every square inch of his apartment . Well , he leased a place that only Gupta knew about . I think we should go to where he actually lived . _ ( indistinct conversations ) It 's hard to imagine , in 2016 , that Sanjay had to keep his lifestyle preferences a secret . Being gay wasn 't his only secret . ( tires screech , man grunts ) Mulder ? ( distant ) : I found something . His kids . Yeah . Sanjay was afraid they were dying . These kids , they look so young . None of them look older than ten . Look at the backgrounds . SCULLY : It 's a clinical setting . It looks like it might be a hospital . ( car doors shut in distance ) The police are coming up . We must have triggered a silent alarm . All right , look around ... he 's bound to have kept some information on them somewhere . ( tone ringing ) ( groans ) Mulder ? Mulder , are you okay ? ( footsteps approach ) They 're coming . Mulder . MAN ( distant ) : Police officer ! OFFICER ( distorted ) : Lady , put your hands where I can see ' em ! SCULLY ( distorted ) : FBI . ( tone continues ringing ) ( nails scraping ) ( tone ringing , nails scraping , no voice ) ( tone stops ) ( distorted , indistinct , then : ) ... find her . ( distorted ) : Help me . ( distorted ) : Find her . ( echoing ) : Find her ... Find her ... Find her ... ( tone ringing , increasing in intensity ) Do you have anything to add to this , Agent Scully ? If you look at the files that we found in Dr. Sanjay 's apartment ... No , I can 't look at those . They 're right over there . MURPHY : These files are classified . They 're the property of the Department of Defense . Well , I 've had a look at them . Those files are the medical records of children with grave genetic abnormalities . How those children relate to Dr. Sanjay 's suicide is the object of our investigation . SKINNER : Well , considering the fact that you just lost access to those files , your investigation is closed . I 'll submit the report on the suicide to the proper authorities . We 're done here . MURPHY : ( clears throat ) Let me remind you , Agents Mulder and Scully , dissemination of any classified material , either internally or publically , will be dealt with harshly . I 'm familiar with Edward Snowden . I assume you made copies . I managed some top sheets before the DoD took over . I think those children are failed experiments . So you suspect the Department of Defense is experimenting with genetic modification on humans ? What do you think ? I think there were many troubling details to this case , and , um ... if Agent Mulder has nothing more to add ... I don 't . ... then I think we need time to prove his theory . SKINNER : The bureaucracy in the FBI has become increasingly complex and inefficient . It might take days for your incident report and order to close the investigation to make it through the proper channels . Welcome back , you two . Surveillance footage ? Yeah , from Nugenics . I 've been working on syncing all the cameras to the exact time code of Dr. Sanjay 's suicide . ( sighing ) : There . What happened to you at Sanjay 's apartment , Mulder ? I can understand why you wouldn 't want to tell Skinner , but I was there , I saw you on your knees in pain . I heard sounds . It was a high-pitched frequency , like-like a steel spike being driven through my head . And then it focused into two words ... " Find her . " There were no sounds . I didn 't hear anything . Look at those birds . Maybe they seeded the lawn that morning . Infrasounds , Scully . Vibrations inaudible to the human ear but known to drive the worms up through the soil to the surface , in response to them . Mulder , how are these connected ? The birds , the suicide , the kids , the genetic anomalies . What are you hiding ? Augustus Goldman is the only one who might know how it all fits together . We gotta talk to him . What are you hiding ? ( keyboard clacks ) Sanjay heard sounds ... right before he committed suicide . That could be you , Mulder . This is dangerous . ( scoffs ) When has that ever stopped us before ? I might know how to get to Goldman . _ WOMAN : Augustus . Yes , I know him well , but he 's a very private person . Some would say reclusive . Without him , we wouldn 't have the resources to help these women in need . He 's a true champion of the unborn . Dr. Goldman is a blessing . That 's why we 're here today . I 've become aware of a situation that I wanted to share with you . Dr. Goldman is under investigation . Obamacare . We wanted to spare him the indignity of having the government knock at his door unannounced . I was wondering if we could meet with him in private . Dana , I 'm afraid Our Lady of Sorrows cannot be a conduit for the FBI to one of our biggest donors . Sister Mary , I 've worked here for seven years . You know me . Yes , and I know your heart 's in the right place . I wouldn 't ask if it weren 't important . I have a number I can call . I 'll agree to relay a message . Thank you . Ask Dr. Goldman if he 'll talk to us about the Founder 's Mutation . Stay here . ( tapping on glass ) I got to get out of here . What 's your name ? Agnes . You got a car ? Do you want to call someone ? You think if I could call someone I would be asking you ? Just forget it . I knew you weren 't gonna help me . Agnes . Wait . I 'm a doctor . You can tell me anything . I don 't belong here . Not with these sheep . I don 't care what I signed . The hospital is only concerned with the health of the mother and the baby . My baby . Of course , your baby . I changed my mind . I 'm not giving it up . I don 't care if he 's sick . Sick ? My baby 's not right . They saw it on the ... ultrasound thing , and I had a feeling , you know , ever since I got pregnant . But everybody here has the same story . Just don 't say anything . I was just kidding around , okay ? If you ever want to talk . I 've spoken to Augustus . He said he 'd be happy to meet you . Thank you . Sister Mary , how are the patients chosen to be here ? They 're homeless , damaged in one way or another . Alcohol , drugs , no fathers in the picture . Men and their lies . No offense . Desire is the devil 's pitchfork . But as long as there 's a need and an innocent child , we 'll provide for each and every one . MULDER : It 's insidious , Scully . A ward for pregnant women paid for by Augustus Goldman , the founder of a company with deep ties to the Department of Defense . This could be another phase of the project ... their experiments in eugenics . Those women in there ... could be incubators . Mulder ... I 'm not a fragile little girl . Scully ... This is what you suspected all along , but were afraid to articulate . Is this what you believe happened to me 15 years ago ? When I got pregnant , when I had my baby ? Was I just an incubator ? You 're never " just " anything to me , Scully . Do you ever think about William ? Yes , of course I do , but I 've ... I feel like I 've had to put that behind me . He 'd be 15 years old now . And I 've missed every single year of his life . And sometimes ... I hate myself that I didn 't have the courage to stand by him . You did what you did to keep him safe . His adoption is secret , his location is unknown because you had to protect him . Do you believe he was an experiment ? I don 't know . What if he 's out there somewhere , like one of those kids on Sanjay 's wall , fighting for his life ? All we can do , Scully , is pull the thread , see what it unravels . ( class bell ringing , student chatting ) SCULLY : It 's the first day of school . Are you nervous ? Your hands are sweaty . Ew ! That 's you . ( laughs ) What 's the most important thing to remember ? Sit still , listen , say " excuse me " if you fart . ( laughs ) The most important thing to remember is that I love you . That 's all you have to remember . Come on , let 's go say hi to your teacher . Thank you . ( bell ringing , kids chattering ) Hi , Mom . Bye , Mom . Be home in time for dinner ! ( quietly ) : Will ... I 'm scared . You 're gonna be fine . You 've just broken your arm . Does it hurt anywhere else ? Okay , we 're gonna get you to the hospital , and take some X-rays to make sure you don 't have a concussion , okay , honey ? WILLIAM : Mom ! Mom , please ! Mom ! ( gasps ) What 's happening to me ? ♪ ♪ _ MAN : " Founder 's Mutation . " Intriguing message . It 's what Sanjay wrote on his hand . Yes , before his unfortunate act of self-destruction . Very dramatic , but meaningless . I 've read everything you published , Dr. Goldman . It seems your research deals primarily with genetic manipulation . Let me try to explain to you what we do here . It 's no secret . We 're trying to save children . I won 't tell you their last names , to protect their privacy , but I can tell you what they are fighting against ... Proteus syndrome ... Crouzon syndrome ... all kinds of cancerous tumors ... epidermal displasia ... Pitt-Hawkins syndrome , ichthyosis , Marfan syndrome , among others . We are a cutting-edge research facility for these unfortunate patients . There 's absolutely no cost involved to be treated here . Would you like to talk to him ? Sure . - ( switch clicks ) - Adam ? ( over speaker ) : You have a visitor . ( over speaker ) : Hi , Adam . My name is Dr. Scully . How long have you been here , Adam ? Forever . And where are your parents ? I don 't have any . He was sent to us as a baby . Adam has a form of Crouzon syndrome . And why is he in a sealed room ? All of the children . He has a genetic disorder . He 's not contagious . Thank you , Adam . We are working with therapies unavailable anywhere in the world . We need to eliminate the environmental factors that could affect the outcome . I am searching for the key that was the seed to all of these terrible genetic abnormalities . Alien DNA ? Is that why the Department of Defense is funding your research ? Dr. Scully , I was told that you were the rational one . GIRL : No ! Let go ! - MAN : Molly ! Oop ! - Let go of me ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! I 'm afraid that that is all the time that I have . Sarah will show you out . This way , please . He didn 't answer my question . ( Molly screaming ) - Let go of me ! - Molly ! Molly ! No ! No ! No ! No ! ( Molly continues screaming and yelling ) Did you see that , Mulder ? Interesting . ( beeping ) Something 's happened to Agnes . We found the victim with your card in her pocket . Hit and run ... car was moving pretty fast . Skid marks from back there - up to the point of impact . - ( siren approaching ) We 're checking cameras in the area . No witnesses . What about the baby ? What are you talking about ? She was pregnant . The baby 's gone . ( siren wailing ) Mulder ... - Hmm ? - Agnes died from blunt force trauma . Most likely from the impact of the car . Her right ulna was broken in two places , her lungs were lacerated by broken ribs , and her skull was crushed . What about the baby ? Surgically removed . I couldn 't tell if the fetus was still alive when it was taken from her womb , but ... they took it , Mulder . To get rid of evidence . Agnes wanted to talk . She left the hospital . That baby was the only proof that she was part of Goldman 's experiment . What if the baby was still alive ? Mulder , that car hit her so hard that a , an adult woman with the benefit of a mature skeletal structure wasn 't able to survive the impact . It 's highly unlikely that the baby would remain viable . Unlikely for human fetuses . In 1973 , the Syndicate was convened to assist in a project to colonize the world by creating alien / human hybrids . The project was ultimately unsuccessful . I doubt they ever stopped trying . But what you 're talking about is changing the genetic makeup of a population . That 's the next step in evolution . Every new species begins with a Founder 's Mutation . One child with the correct combination of DNA could be a start . There was a study published last year in Nature Communications , by Batini and Hallast , that found that Y chromosomes in the majority of European men could be traced back to just three individuals from the Bronze Age . I did some digging around the police archives , looking for anything related to Goldman . 17 years ago , Jackie Goldman was remanded to St. Elizabeth 's hospital as a forensics patient . She was adjudicated criminally insane . Dr. Goldman 's wife ? She was convicted of murdering her baby . That body also was never found . _ Mrs. Goldman , we 'd like to ask you a few questions about your husband . About his work ? Mulder , she hasn 't said anything in ten minutes . ( yowling ) You don 't like cats ? What do you want ? Can we ask you a few questions , Jackie ? Not about my husband . He is the one still keeping me here . Do you miss your daughter ? Molly . You should see , uh , that one , that one . I love my daughter . But ... there was ... something odd ... about her . I felt it from the day she was born . I-I didn 't know for sure ... until she was two . Where 's Molly ? She fell in the pool and nobody noticed . Molly was underwater for at least ten minutes . She should 've been dead . I never told anyone else this . Not only was she alive she was breathing in the water . ( muffled exclamation ) The other moms thought it was a miracle . But I knew what it was . My husband ... did ... something to the embryo . He used our own daughter for his research . I was nine months pregnant at the time . I was not about to let him have my son . I had to get away from that monster . ( gasping ) Please ... don 't go . I love you . I want my daughter , Augustus . She is safe , so are you , right here with me . - What did you do to her ? ! - Jackie ! Jackie ! No ! ( panting ) He took Molly away . He hid her from me . So I got in the car and I drove . I just drove , no idea where to go . I knew there was no chance they would leave me alone . I had another baby in my belly . " They " ? The government . Augustus worked for them . I couldn 't trust anyone . Especially the police . I was so scared . I was going too fast . And there was an animal in the middle of the road . I-I panicked and I crashed . ( moaning ) ( gasping ) ( grunting ) ( sobs ) ( grunting ) I thought I was gonna die . ( rapid gasping ) But that 's when I heard the sound . ( tone ringing ) ( screams ) It was so loud and piercing ; it hurt . It was in my head . - ( tone ringing ) - ( screaming ) He was talking to me in the only way that he knew how . And I knew what I had to do . They said I killed my baby . I didn 't . I let him out . Do you know what happened to your son ? Passed out from loss of blood . Woke up in a hospital . I never saw my boy again . I think about him every day . A mother never forgets . All my training , everything that I know about psychology tells me that she 's delusional , but , Mulder , there 's something about her that I trust . She heard a tone in her head , a screech ... that 's what happened to me . Are you saying that you think the baby that communicated with her communicated with you ? Wouldn 't be a baby anymore . Excuse me . Uh , you don 't work for the hospital , do you ? You 're a subcontractor ? Yeah . A-1 Janitorial . We 're all over the city . Thank you . Thanks . MULDER : A-1 Janitorial also services Nugenics . You 'll recognize the uniform . He 's cleaning the office directly above the Secured Servers vault . He 's no more than 15 feet away from Dr. Sanjay at the time of his death . ( tapping keys ) Action , reaction . ( beeping ) I made a request for the name of the janitor on duty . Turns out he also worked at St. Elizabeth 's last month . High school dropout Kyle Gilligan . We got him . I 'm Special Agent Scully . This is Special Agent Mulder . We 'd like to speak with Kyle Gilligan . I 'm his mother . Is he around ? We 'd like to ask him a few questions - about an incident at work . - The suicide ? You heard about that . There 's not a thing that goes on in my son 's life that I don 't know . Well , we 'd still like to speak with him . He 's got nothing to say . Why don 't you let us decide that ? I don 't like to expose my son to stressful situations . It 's not good for him . He doesn 't understand it . He 's simple . And he 's a minor . And I won 't allow it . You didn 't give birth to Kyle . ( quietly ) : Mulder ... What did you say ? After the accident , where 'd you find him ? Get the hell off my porch . Your son is unique ; have you ever wondered why ? - Get out ! - Mulder , she 's making it pretty clear . ( birds cawing , wings fluttering ) ( birds screeching , squawking ) ( quietly ) : Bad things happen when the birds gather . - ( tone ringing ) - Aah ! - ( ringing intensifies ) - Aah ... - ( groaning ) - Mulder ... ? Mulder ! Mulder ! ( gasps ) Where is he ? ! - ( tone ringing intensely ) - ( yelling in pain ) Where is he ? ! - ( birds squawking ) - ( mother shouting ) ( tone continues ringing ) ( tone ringing ) Whatever you 're doing , stop right there . ( inhales ) MOTHER : Don 't take him ! ( crying ) : Don 't ! Please don 't take him ! He didn 't know what he was doing ! He was just trying to protect me ! Is that true , Kyle ? That you don 't know what you 're doing ? Why did you kill Dr. Sanjay ? I didn 't want him to die . You made him kill himself . No ! I would never . He was ... was helping me . You got inside his head . You got inside my head . You can make people hear things . Like you just did ; like you did to me in Sanjay 's apartment . But you can 't control it . I just want to find my sister . Molly ? At the hospital , where you worked . You heard Jackie 's story . She told me that he has her . And Jackie is my real mother , okay ? I have to find my sister . Kyle , nobody knows where she is . I know who knows . ( switch clicks ) ( switch clicks ) Hmm . Would you mind if I took some blood ? Where 's Molly ? How do you know that name ? My ... ( gasps , groans ) ... mother told me to find her . And what would you do ... once you found her ? I don 't ... know . I 'm gonna let you meet Molly . Molly ? ( quiet laugh ) What 's your name ? Kyle . ( quiet laugh ) No . Y-You 're not my sister . No ! - ( clattering , thudding ) - SCULLY : Kyle ... ? Molly ? You 're Molly . MOLLY : I didn 't know I had a brother . I can hear you . Are you ready ? ( rumbling ) MULDER : Kyle ! ( electrical buzzing and crackling ) GOLDMAN : Molly ! - No ! No ! - Daddy , just let me go ! Get the hell away from her ! ( tone ringing , electrical buzzing ) - ( screaming ) - SCULLY : Kyle ! - MULDER : Scully ! - ( Goldman screaming ) ( electrical buzzing ) Aah ! ( Goldman screams in agony ) ( tone ringing intensely ) ( Goldman screaming ) Skinner , keep your people behind the red tape . ( helicopter flying over ) Department of Defense has control of the facility . It 's now classified as top secret . We no longer have jurisdiction here . Have they found Molly or Kyle ? You were the last one to see them , Agent Mulder . I blacked out after Goldman 's eyes popped out of their sockets . Believe me , you can 't unsee that . Well , they 're gone ; there 's no trace of them anywhere . ( helicopter flying over ) Kyle 's blood . A trace . ( growls , screeches ) Monkeys . Yeah , that 's ... well , that 's early man , William . ( screeching , hooting ) And that 's the monolith . What 's a " momomyth " ? Some people think it represents our first contact with aliens . Other people think it represents the beginning of human knowledge . I ... I think one day you 'll probably have your own ideas about it . ( hooting , grunting , screeching ) Dad ... Hmm ? My fin broke . Oh . Space is hard . " All great and honorable actions are undertaken with great difficulty . " ( imitating President Kennedy ) : " We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do other things , not because they 're easy ... BOTH : " But because they are hard . " - ( chuckles ) - That 's right . Come on , let 's light this candle . We 'll do yours first . Okay . There you go . You ready ? Yep . Five , four , three , two , one . Ignition . I 'm gonna go up there someday . WILLIAM : Dad ! William ! ( rumbling ) Dad ! No ! ( rumbling fades ) ♪ ♪
