 Previously on The Expanse . I provided a ship for an OPA recon mission out of Ceres . The name of that ship is the Scopuli . I need this frigate to retrieve the lone survivor , Lionel Polanski . Our routine surveillance of diplomatic core logged an urgent communique between Ambassador Degraaf and his counterpart on Mars . I leaked to Degraaf that Mars was giving stealth tech to the OPA . My diplomatic credentials have been revoked . I 've been banned from Mars for life . A lot of Martians gave their lives getting us onto this ship . Are there any bodies we need to take care of ? Lieutenant Lopez . I am a consultant for Davila Aerospatiale . Corporate espionage ? I 've been stealing codes and tech from Tycho for two years now . Then why are you on our ship ? Miller , you 're fired . I 'm like some bad virus you just can 't shake . So listen , that ship you 're looking for , Anubis , whatever , it never showed up here . Anubis 1-A is still here on Eros , racking up dock fees . A guy with big ideas , wanna take on the bad guys , so long as it doesn 't cost him anything . What the hell are you babbling about ? I 'm talking about that clown upstairs , that as soon as you cut loose , will sell us to the highest bidder . I 'm talking about the Mickies comin through that airlock to take us down . Naomi was right to be afraid of you . You 're gonna need someone to watch your back . A partner . You can 't come with me . James Holden may have problems with authority , but I don 't see a terrorist mastermind . We 'll have the asset bag him and bring him home for a long chat . Your corporate spy 's been compromised . His final report said that Holden was heading for Eros in a converted MCRN gunship , with fake transponder codes supplied by Fred Johnson . So I 've activated a black ops team . We 're taking Holden off the board . Shit . _ First time ? First time what ? First time in space ? - Oh , I am . - Ah . Ceres born and raised then ? Yup . They say if you grew up on a station , you develop a natural agoraphobia . From living underground . In the tunnels . You 're not used to the wide open spaces . I 'm used to this guy . He spends a lot more time working underneath things than he does on top . He could worry a little more about his ear hygiene , too . You just looked a little nervous , that 's all . You know , if you identify the fear , you can get past it . And then you get used to it . I 've been flying once a month for the past year and a half . - Salesman ? - No , I 'm , uh . I 'm preparing myself for the Nauvoo . The Nauvoo . Hmm . Mormon ? Yes . A different kind of salesman . But don 't hold that against me . Well , there was a time when I would 've . But not anymore ? Uh . Forgive me for saying so , but I don 't get the impression you 're a man who 's accepted Jesus Christ into his heart . I guess I 'm just not that desperate . We all are . If we 're being honest with ourselves . Let me ask you something . You guys are gonna get on this big ship , you 're gonna ride out into the great beyond for 100 years . What happens when you get out there ... And there 's nothing . That big planet you got picked out , it ain 't worth a damn . I mean , nobody really knows what 's out there . You can 't come back . Well , you 're right about not coming back . But if that is the case , God has just revealed to us that we haven 't finished our search yet . Doesn 't that scare the shit out of you ? Yeah , of course it does . But I put myself in the hands of God . True faith is a risk . You know , and with great risk comes ... Yeah , yeah , I know the rest . Yeah . _ Ah , who knows . You guys might be getting out at just the right time . _ Only thing we got here is the lovely charted belt asteroid Bravo-Alpha 834024112 . No life pod , no emergency habitat , nothing . These were the coordinates we were given . It 's just a rock . Alex , take her around , let 's have a look-see . You got it , Chief . Alex , hold up . Swing back . Right there . Inside that crevasse . That is some sweet parking job . It 's barely registering on the scopes . It 's a stealth ship . Just like the ones that killed the Donnager . And the Cant . I kinda want to blast it . Easy there , partner . These things tend to shoot back . _ _ This is as far as you 've got ? It 's level four MCRN encryption . If I poke the wrong node , I 'll wipe out all the data . A lot of Martian soldiers gave their lives for this information . I need to know why . _ _ I need you to look at something . Kinda busy . What the hell is that ? I was hoping you could tell us . Looks dead . Oh , yeah , you 're a great help . EMF reflection , practically zero across all main bands . It 's nice stealth tech . We already figured that out . Who has ships like that ? Mars , of course . But this is not a design I 've seen before , - must be one of the newer . - It 's not Martian . No one else builds stealth , no one else can afford to . This is what Fred Johnson sent you out here to find . - I don 't think he knew it was out here . - Bullshit . A dead stealth ship sitting next to a rock looks just like a rock , unless you know exactly where to look . You guys are out here to salvage this . We 're not on a salvage mission . Fred Johnson is a terrorist , you can 't ... We 're not on a salvage mission ! We 're here looking for survivors . And some answers , if we 're lucky . Main airlock 's open but the hull seems to be intact . There could still be air inside . All right , then . We 're going in . Remember what happened the last time we went into one of these ? Yeah , well , this time we got guns of our own . Suit up . You 're coming with us . - Me ? What ? Why ? - And meet your new bodyguard . He so much as breaks a toenail , you 're hitch-hiking home from this rock . Sure thing , skipper . Move . You seeing our suit-cams ? Yup . All video feeds are lookin ' good . This is bullshit . - You can 't just treat me like some ... - " Canary in a coal mine ? " All right , people . Hold on to your helmets . Docking tunnel is engaged . Connection ... Is good . After you . _ Looks like somebody got spaced . Your kind of ship . The latch is broken from the inside . Someone forced their way out of this . This is a Belter suit . This is definitely not a Belter ship . _ Guess that explains what happened to the crew of the Scopuli . This is the ship . The one that killed the Cant . It has to be . I 'm going to check Engineering . See what shape the reactor 's in . I 'll go with you . Hey , Amos , take the flight deck . We need to check the ship 's systems and logs . Take him with you . He 'll be useful . Come along , tweety bird . Flight deck 's gotta be upstairs . After you . You guys need more eyes over there . Let me see what I can give you . All right , sweetheart , what do you got for me ? _ I think that 'll do just fine . - You ever think about them ? - Who ? McDowell . Byers , Paj , Ade . I suppose I 've been trying not to . Didn 't know any of them that well . I didn 't exactly sign onto the Cant to make friends . Why did you sign on to the Cant ? So I wouldn 't have to have conversations like this one . You 've picked a strange time to be chatty . We live in strange times . What ? Remember McDowell 's glass cats ? Those figurines in his office . Yeah . One time , late shift , I caught him , like , petting them . He said he was cleaning them , and that they were investment grade antiques . I really wish I 'd gotten that story . All the airlocks are open . No doubt about it , this ship was vented on purpose . Hangar bay 's empty , too . Should be a short-range shuttle parked there . But it ain 't . Folks , I do believe somebody got away . Flight deck is clear . Looks like we got a safe . With something in it . Great . Another goddamn safe . Naomi , there 's battery backup on the control panel . All systems green . Do you want me to fire up the reactor ? This 'll go quicker if we have some lights . Yeah , just warm it up . Someone cut through the hatch . The reactor was shut down properly . So why did someone need to break in to do it ? Uh ... Naomi . What the hell is that ? _ Tycho Station pinged the Nathan Hale approximately four hours ago . They wanted to know why a UNN battleship was headed straight for them . What were they told ? A plausible story about reactor malfunctions and an urgent need for temporary dock . We don 't think they bought it . Doesn 't matter . We 'll be on their doorstep in three days and that 's not enough time for Fred Johnson to dismantle and hide an entire stealth tech program , is it ? Yeah , that 's assuming that they had it in the first place . We 'll find something . Sir , if we board and search that station ... Tycho is an Earth corp , we have jurisdiction . The Belters won 't see it that way . They 'll think we 're lying and the OPA will make sure of it . It 's done . Moving on . James Holden . We learn nothing from a dead man . Secretary-General 's orders . You 'll turn him into a martyr . James Holden will be killed in random street violence on Eros . The murder capital of the Belt . Wrong place and wrong time . _ What now ? Frank DeGraaf was found dead in his home this morning . He took his own life . Jesus . I 'm so sorry . We can finish later . We can finish now . We 're going in for a closer look . Alex , did your drone turn anything up ? Negative . There 's not another soul on board . No bodies , no people . Nothing . I could check the logs for you . I 'll check the logs . Can 't have you sneakin ' into comms and calling someone you shouldn 't . Feel free to try , though . Have you ever seen anything like this before ? Nothing even close . Maybe it 's stealth-tech stuff . A nano-fluid spill that froze when the ship was vented . The ship 's called the " Ann-you-bis . " " Ann-you-bis " ? Spelled A-N-U-B-I-S ? Uh-huh . It 's pronounced " Anoobis . " Egyptian God of the dead . " Ann-you-bis " works too . Okay , people , let 's review . Right , so the crew of this badass ship boards the Scopuli , uses it as bait to nuke the Cant , then spaces the crew except for Lionel Polanski , who somehow survives . Gets control , and then he powers down , vents the ship and then leaves a nuclear missile-ed , state-of-the-art stealth fighter tied to a rock . That make sense to anybody ? The ship 's in perfect condition , why would he just leave ? We 're missing something here . Hey , guys . I just accessed the navs . Whoever was on this ship was headed to Eros from Phoebe Station . Phoebe ? Lopez said they found everyone on Phoebe dead . Some toxic spill or something . Maybe this is what he was talking about . I 'm getting a real bad feeling about this . Holden , behind you ! - Jesus ! - Back off ! We 're coming in . Naomi , what 's going on ? I think it 's absorbing energy from the reactor . I 'm shutting everything down . What happened ? We have to kill the power . Stand by . For a second , it felt like that thing was ... - It was alive . - Yeah . Amos , cut out the computer cores . It 's time to leave . Alex . We 've encountered a possible biohazard , we need full decontamination . Wasn 't gonna let y 'all back aboard without it . We should stow these in the cargo bay , in case we need to jettison them quick . Get us out of here . You 're going to Eros , aren 't you ? Aren 't you ? If this " Lionel Polanski " is going to be anywhere , it 's gonna be there . I know that place . I got hooks in systems all over Eros . Let me help you find him . And if I do , you let me walk . Okay . When we find Polanski . Not before . Anybody object to us turning that ship into scrap ? - Hell no . - Well , I ... Anybody except you . Do it . Look , you control that ship . You have a bargaining chip . Why would you destroy something you control ? Because that ship is a weapon , and that thing on it felt like a weapon , too . And I don 't think Fred Johnson , or Earth , or Mars , or anybody should have it . Torpedoes armed and ready . Fire . Remember the Cant . _ Eros Station police services are provided by CPM Security Corporation . Trust CPM for all your security needs . _ _ Damn it ! Hey , uh , I was wondering if you could help me out . - Son of a ... - I 'm looking for my ship . Yeah , the Anubis . - Check the board . - I did that . It 's here . Look , it 's my daughter 's ship , you know ... And I 'm just trying to make sure , you know , did she fly it here , or did she maybe exchange it , you know , for some other goods , maybe to some low life . We don 't give out that info . I 'm just trying to find her , you know . I mean , if she 's here . She 's gonna be in some trouble . Son of a ... Hey , how about I sponsor you a round . More luck when it 's not your money . Help . Get off of me ! Anubis . Lionel Polanski ? Freeze ! Don 't move . You talkin ' cause you 're fed up . You talkin like a fed-up person would talk . You need to talk with this . Semi . You seem sober . That 's the biggest surprise of the night . Oh , I was chasing down a lead . Judging by the footprint on that dock master 's chest , I 'd say you were stomping on a lead . Why are you on Eros ? Well , it 's not official business , or anything . Actually , I 'm not officially employed . Ah , this just keeps getting better and better . Open the door . I 'm taking this one for a walk . And where 's my damn hat ? Hey , give me a number four , bare , in a bowl . Uh ... Just give me a coffee . Two number fours . It 's on me . All right , well , make mine the burrito-style , you know , regular . - And , uh , plus the coffee . - Hey . All right , Semi . You could trace the girl . For me . With the security cameras . Man , we usually lock people up for shit like that . Anyway , I told you , this ain 't the old days . This new security contract . These CPM guys are a pack of criminals with badges . They shut down access to all the public cameras while they revamp the system . They 're just setting up their shakedown network while nobody 's watching . Anyway , what do you know about this kid ? Why she 's on Eros ? Trust your gut before your head gets in the way . Yeah , yeah , I used to spout off all kinds of bullshit back in the day . Like how the road to hell is paved with good intentions . Look , when I got kicked off the force , I gave you that hat so you 'd keep your head , not make the same mistakes I did . Oh , I must have forgot it back on Ceres . Yeah , you forgot it back on Ceres . And now you 're following this girl out to the ass-crack of the solar system , huh ? Get yourself fired . Yeah , what in your head even tells you that this girl 's lookin ' to get rescued ? She could be hard-core OPA , who helped bomb those ships to start our goddamn war . Who 'll put a bullet in your head the minute you knock on her door . Yeah . Yeah , she might . But you 're still gonna pull on that thread , aren 't you ? No matter what I say , no matter what you unravel ? I believe in her . That 's all I got . It 's all I got . Think I 'm crazy ? It 's probably gonna be my ass when they check the logs . I knew you wouldn 't take " no " for an answer . " Lionel Polanski . " That 's the name she used when she registered the shuttle . Someone with that name is registered at the Blue Falcon . What 's that ? Where is it ? It 's a flophouse core-side . But it 's not a good place . I 'll talk to you later , buddy . Sir , the Nathan Hale has just flipped and is decelerating towards us at full burn . They 've repeated their request to dock for repairs , claiming a reactor malfunction . But we believe they 're deliberately altering their drive signature . What 's their ETA ? Roughly two days , sir . Keep me posted . You said you cracked it . - Hope it 's not a letter to a wife . - It 's not . It 's a real-time tactical record of the Donnager battle , right down to the millisecond , with full sensor logs and analysis . This must 've come directly from the CIC . They also got hi-res images of the attacking ships . Were they able to identify them ? Not from what I can see here . But they were able to collect highly detailed drive signatures . Well , they did fly closer to those ships than anyone else in the system . Unfortunately , for them . You 're going to want to see this for yourself . So what are you going to do now ? This place used to be the jewel of the Belt . I wish I could 've seen it in its heyday . It 's not a bad district , though . I 'm tellin ' you , if you guys like okra-infused tank-grown ribs , there 's this place on Level Six that 's pretty ... Please , shut your word hole . There it is . Last place the name Lionel Polanski showed up on the nets was here . _ _ System 's actin ' up today . So the last time I was here this machine did not work . - Ah . - See that . Here you go . - Help you ? - I 'm lookin ' for a friend who checked into a room here . Lionel Polanski . It 's a special friend . It 's his birthday . I got an " L. Polanski , " in room 22 . - Call up for you ? - No . No , it 's a surprise thing . Thank you . Maybe I should go up on my own . Not freak the guy out . Maybe take Amos . Alone is fine . Hey ! We 're runnin ' out of ammo . James Holden . Shit just follow you around , don 't it kid ? Are you a cop ? Not anymore . Hey , thanks for the assist . Now who the hell are you ? Anybody else know you were coming here ? No . No , I don 't think so . They do now . Kenzo . That son of a bitch . Semi . Listen , you 're gonna get an alert from the Blue Falcon , shots fired , a bunch of dead bodies . So I sure hope it 's you who answers that call . Hey ! Hey ! We need to talk . Who the hell are you ? And what are you doing here ? I 'm going up to room 22 . Now , any second , there 's going to be another group of thugs coming through that door , this time with badges . You touch me again , there 's gonna be another body on the floor . Don 't ! Julie ? Who the hell 's Julie ? Oh , God . What 's that smell ? Sweat . Sick . Ozone ? Scopuli . Somebody put up a bitch of a fight . No , they were turning things off . Same as that reactor . Nobody touch anything . Wait . Wait . Oh , my God . Jesus . Julie .
