 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... - Why should I trust you ? - Because we all have our secrets . You have one sitting in the cargo hold of your ship . Some people just don 't deserve forgiveness . - Kara ? - She does . Gordon 's the only one who knows where we are . Keeps us secret and safe from the outside world . Raina 's gift may allow her to see things before they happen . Any decisions based on your gift will be made by me . Who decided you should have final say in all the decisions around here ? Coulson has been moving alarming amounts of resources all over the globe . Linking all these activities is a code name ... Theta Protocol . You want to tell me what Theta Protocol is ? No . 2x20 - " Scars " ♪ I am a robot tourist ♪ ♪ my laser 's set to stun ♪ ♪ I am a robot tourist ♪ ♪ please , will you turn me on ? ♪ - Sam . - Billy . Uh , American flight 220 gets in three minutes early . Copy that . And what was with you rage-quitting " C.O.D. " last night ? What 's up ... What 's up with you and all the spawn kills ? It 's called " black ops " for a reason , Billy . And ... And crunching pretzels in my ear the whole time ... ♪ getting closer ♪ ♪ we want to make it with you ♪ ♪ we want to make it with you ♪ ♪ I 've seen the eye of horus ♪ ♪ aurora borealis ♪ ♪ the square in Tiananmen ♪ ♪ but I have never seen your skin ♪ ♪ we want to make it with you ♪ - How was your flight , sir ? - Another middle seat . - But I remembered to bring you this . - Oh . Sweet . Thank you , sir . Hope they never go out of business . So , Simmons is adjusting nicely to HYDRA . _ She 's tougher than she looks . Skye 's doing well in her training with May , - And Trip 's on board full-time . - Well , what about the new recruits ? Billy says that Hartley and Hunter keep drinking all of his beer . Not surprised to hear that . - Any update on Agent Gonzales ? - Unfortunately , no . There 's a pretty good chance that HYDRA took him out . - Keep looking . - And , uh ... Fitz ? Any progress ? Some . Does May still think you 're on a recruiting trip to London ? She does , which is why I don 't have a lot of time here . Okay . Well , sir , first , you are going to need ... - A lanyard . Yes , I do . - Blue and gray ... subtle , masculine , gels nicely with the new triangular design . - What are we calling this , anyway ? - The Theta Protocol , sir . " Theta Protocol . " I need you to write that down for me . I gotta tell you , it 's not easy to keep something as big like Helicarrier in secret . _ _ Cards on the table . Obviously , you and Fury have been keeping busy . What can I say ? I 'm a company man . With the fall of SHIELD , Fury felt we needed a failsafe , something completely off the books , a " break in case of emergency " type of thing . - Seems like you broke it wide open . - And saved the day in the process . What 's transpired over the last week is a lot to take in . I know . When I found out that this ship had survived HYDRA 's attack and still had that classified cargo onboard , that you placed spies on my base , that I couldn 't keep my own people safe ... I felt like I 'd failed as director . And the truth is , I did . A coup will make you think about things like that . I tried to do it all alone . That was a mistake . Even Fury had a World Council watching over him , - providing guidance . - What are you suggesting ? One SHIELD , where I operate as director , under your advisement . This way , we 'll have a cool underground base and a boat . It 's hard to argue with a man who prevented Ultron from killing thousands of people . But there are plenty more battles to be won , and one closer to home that I fear the Helicarrier won 't solve . She 's been in there every day . You think she 'll stay when he wakes up ? She says she wants to take him home , whatever that means . She won 't say much else about it ... not to me , anyway . You can go ahead and take that off now , Agent Palamas . Thanks . Hmm . Your brain scans look rather normal , considering . What does that mean ? Well , you 'll still have some memory gaps , obviously , but any part of the HYDRA indoctrination that was affecting your actions is gone . Your mind 's your own again . Thank you ... both of you . Honestly , I think knowing Bakshi 's gone has helped more than anything . You know as well as I do what a monster he was . You were undercover at HYDRA with Agent Morse , weren 't you ? Well , sort of . I didn 't know she was there at the time . She had very dark hair . But she did save my life when it came ... Hi . It 's okay . I 'm here . You 're safe now . Added bonus ... you 're not naked with needles poking out of your skin . Skye , why are we ... No . - Oh . - Uh ... uh , it 's okay . You can trust them . They 're my friends . They helped save you . - You never should have come for me . - I had to . - Jiaying wouldn 't allow it if I ... - There 's a reason for that . The only thing that 's kept us safe all these years is that we were a secret . Now SHIELD knows we exist . And they won 't stop till they find Afterlife . Blue light ? Really ? Spilling out of your son , from every pore . He 'll go through the mist when he comes of age , Michael , - and he 'll be beautiful . - Thank you . You 're looking very well . You were right . It is a gift ... all of it . I just needed to embrace it ... embrace my life here , my ... purpose ... to help my people . Your vision of the devastation of Sokovia has proved your value ... to all of us . - Have you had any more visions ? - All the time now . I 'm starting to feel at peace , less fraught with fear and pain . Though sometimes , it 's ... hard to tell what 's a vision and what 's a dream . Well , maybe I can help . Last night , I saw something ... beautifully peculiar . It 's hard to describe . It was a giant stone , but not a stone . And then , suddenly ... it was like an ocean , - waves crashing against the shore . - Hold on . This stone ... were there deep cavities carved into it ? How did you know ? This could mean the end of us . I don 't understand . Have you come across this before ? Only through stories passed down by our ancestors . It 's Kree , dangerous , intended to destroy our people . - But didn 't they make us ? - Then they decided we were a mistake . Gordon , do you think you could locate it , confirm it exists ? If it 's Kree , I suppose I could find a connection to tether . But it 'll only put me in the vicinity . Maybe I could help . If I see the place , I 'll know it . It will be easier if we 're together . Go . Find it . This is it . It 's here . - Does any of this look familiar ? - No . I remember a red door . Thought you 'd be happier . Or at least content . Things are getting back to the way they were . You really believe that ? Or do you hope that if you forgive Coulson , Hunter will do the same for you ? You said Raina 's manipulative . But is she dangerous ? That depends on how you define " dangerous . " She convinced Gordon and Skye to go after Lincoln even though they knew it wasn 't safe . Daisy 's strong . She gets that from you . But if she 's not okay , I will personally rip out Raina 's little , tainted rat heart ! Or not . W-Whatever you want . Who was she when you first met her ? She had nothing ... no family , no home . Somehow , she convinced this café owner to bring her old pastries ... persuaded a tailor to give her leftover fabric so she could make dresses . - Resourceful . - Selfish . Soon , she demanded the warm , fresh pastries , not the stale ones . If they were willing to give her cotton , why not silk ? I 've never seen her not want something . What is it you think she wants now ? I 've envied you because Jiaying needs you . You bring people in and out of Afterlife . - I 'm just an annoyance . - Oh , that 's not true . Your gift is incredible . I 've never seen anything like it . But I wasn 't chosen . Why does she bring so few through the mist ? Stop ! Holy ... It 's the teleporter . They 're going for the cargo on the lower deck . They know we 're here . We need to go . Gordon , this is it . Wait . It 's not safe . Should have destroyed it when we had the chance . You know we couldn 't risk it . There were too many variables . So this is alien . Recovered from a dig site nearly a hundred years ago . Its energy signatures are unlike anything we 've seen before . Mm . And does anyone have any idea what alien world it came from or what it even does ? Oh , this new SHIELD brain trust seems to be working out brilliantly . Anything about it in Fury 's toolbox ? Just that HYDRA was looking for it . Well , now you have a new interested party . Question is , why ? I have no idea . Seriously , I have never heard of anything like that before , and neither has Lincoln . - And you believe him ? - Why wouldn 't I ? You barely know him . I know enough . He and Jiaying helped me . They never tried to hurt me . Th-They taught me to channel my power so I wasn 't hurting myself . These are good people , Coulson . Are they ? People , I mean . Look , I know you feel connected to this group , but you won 't tell us much about them , - you 're keeping to yourself ... - I 've been taking care of Lincoln . Okay , but from our perspective , we don 't even know - what to call them . - Inhumans . Our ancient ancestors called themselves Inhumans , and we just want to be left alone . - " We " ? - If they want to be left alone , then why infiltrate a military vessel ? You 're assuming that this thing is a weapon . Well , it 's in SHIELD 's possession . Maybe they 're just afraid of it ... afraid of what Gonzales might do with it . We 're not the enemy here . This man teleported onboard , Skye . He 's clearly very dangerous . Well , same could be said about you , May . I heard about what happened to that little girl in Bahrain . Jiaying told me the whole story . Did you know that she was inhuman ? They both were . So you , of all people , should understand why they 'd want to keep their location a secret ... what they 're so afraid of . Cargo hold 's secure . Or as secure as it can be with a teleporter in the mix . We no longer have to wait for the Inhumans to come to us . Remember how HYDRA could track the teleporter ? I was able to rebuild that device using this scan from Deathlok 's eye . - What are you saying ? - When the teleporter left the cargo hold ... We were able to follow his signature . - You know where they are ? - We do . I think it 's time we pay our new friends a visit . - What 's our plan of attack ? - Who said anything about an attack ? - These people are a threat . - We don 't know that . We don 't know anything about them . Except for the fact that they found our base and our aircraft carrier . They could teleport into this room right now - and leave a bomb behind . - We 've seen what Skye 's capable of . Lincoln could short out our entire system . I understand your concerns , but the last thing we need is to start a war . We just finished one , for God 's sake . Action needs to be taken , Phil . Which is why I 'm proposing a sit-down with their leader , this woman Jiaying . We 'll call it a fact-finding mission . They 'd need to agree to that first . We could use Skye as a liaison . She is a SHIELD agent . - Is that still true ? - Of course it is . Now 's a good time to find out where Skye really stands . - So they do have it . - Deep in their ship , under lock and key . - For now . - Sounds like somebody knows something we don 't . - Jiaying , this doesn 't concern him . - Yes . Yes , it does . Our daughter is probably still with SHIELD . Or did you forget that you dropped her off at their doorstep ? ! - Cal , don 't lose your head . - Oh , come off it . This little act ... it 's so transparent . Now you 're ... you 're going to help " your people , " protect them with your " visions " ? How do we know that you 're not just making this stuff up ? Everything she 's seen has come true . This power that she has ... it lets her control you . What do you think I 'm trying to do ? Oh , huh , I don 't know . Create chaos ? - Why would I do that ? - Because you thrive on it ! - Back off . - Cal , please ... What are you gonna do , Cal ? Without that concoction that you take , you 're nothing . What 's in those vials , anyway ? - Muscle milk ? - Enough ! SHIELD wants us to be afraid , to fracture . But we 're all tied together ... a history that goes back thousands of years . They will not take that away from us . No , you cannot go there . - Listen , secrecy is what they value most . - We can 't ignore their existence . - They 're not ignoring ours . - Please ! Look , at the very least , we need to find out how many people we 're dealing with , assess their powers , place them on the index . You know how this works . You 're a SHIELD agent . I-I don 't know what I am anymore . Okay , just ... let Lincoln and I go first . They 're probably worried about us . I 'll talk to Jiaying , explain why you 're coming , that you just want to help . She 'll listen . How can you be sure ? Because she 's my mother . We 're locking her up ? - Don 't tell me you empathize . - She was one of us . So was Grant Ward . Look , when she takes your face , then we can talk . Hmm . Shouldn 't do that without a spotter . - My spotter 's always late . - Needed to practice my speech . Nothing you say is gonna change my mind , Barbara . Things could be different , you know . Sometimes , anarchy brings order . My favorite idealist . - You talk to Hunter yet ? - He still hasn 't looked me in the eye . About three days after that , he 'll be ready to talk . You two are messed up . Says the guy who put him in a choke hold . Though he 's been pretty quick to forgive you . He 's using me to piss you off . You know that , right ? Hunter 's always worn his heart on his sleeve . I don 't know how to do that . Maybe something 's wrong with me . I think I 'm up . - I miss my plane . - Me , too . Though , if you think about it , mostly terrible stuff happened on that thing . I spoke to Skye . This woman she keeps talking about , Jiaying ... it 's her mother . I was expecting at least a raised eyebrow , but okay . - I 'll tell the Council . - May ... I thought now would be a good time to apologize to you , at length , as promised . - There 's no need . - Fury and I felt ... - We don 't owe each other anything . - Hey . That 's not true . Look , if this is about what Skye said ... - It 's not . - Because it doesn 't matter . - I don 't care what happened in Bahrain . - Yes , you do . Or you wouldn 't bring it up . That girl wasn 't killed in the crossfire , Phil . Okay . It was her or everyone around us , and I made the call . I only told Andrew . Back then , our boundaries were clear . I was married to him , and I worked with you . - Melinda ... - When you started carving into that wall , you asked me to watch you ... and put you down if you got out of control . I would never have shot you , but I should have stopped you . - I never lost control . - Skye is living proof that you did . You finish indexing Lincoln ? Yes . But , um , I actually went to get ... well , I ... I thought you might like this . Snagged it off the bus before it went down . Thought it might be something you ... well , anyway , here you go . - Thank you . - Yeah , she , um ... she shakes . But you 're not doing anything . - That 's why it 's funny . - Time to go . - How did it go ? - The indexing ? They just asked a lot of questions . But I 'm sure you guys already have my blood from when I was out , right ? - It 's protocol . - HYDRA said the same thing . I know you 've been through a lot , but you can trust us . You 'll see . So , how does this work ? You just click your heels together and whisper , " there 's no place like home " ? Sort of , actually . Gordon explained it . He can sense us . It 's this thing called quantum entanglement , and , um ... Yeah , he 'll ... he 'll find us . As long as we 're nowhere near any of you guys . Okay . I 'll see you tomorrow . - Okay . - Okay . Gordon ! Gordon ! Thank god ! I had another vision . - SHIELD ... they 're coming . - Here ? What do you mean ? I saw Quinjets raining fire on us . Afterlife in flames . - We have to warn Jiaying . - No . That 's why it starts . She can 't be the one who talks to them . - Jiaying can 't meet with SHIELD . - If it 's not Jiaying , then who ? Well , maybe it should be me . - How 's it coming along ? - We 're packing up the crates now . Is everything okay ? Should we be worried ? Of course not . This is merely a precaution . Okay . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . - What happened ? - A lot . But I 'm okay . A doctor at SHIELD patched him up . - SHIELD ? - We need to talk . Go to the recovery room . Have one of ours take a look at you . Come . Tell me everything . And you were just beginning to like it here . We don 't have to leave . SHIELD doesn 't want that , either . - Nothing has to change . - Sometimes , I forget how young you are . Please just sit down with him . Coulson ... he 's a good man . He 's ... He 's the only person who 's ever tried to take care of me . And ... until now , he 's the closest I 've had to family . Please , Mom . Agent Weaver , you 'll be with me on QJ36 . We 'll land a good distance from their main buildings here . Now , I 'll go in first ... alone , unarmed . You shouldn 't be the one going in . - Care to elaborate ? - You 're too close to this . Skye 's like a daughter to you , and her mother is these people 's leader . I 'm banking on that personal connection to get - everyone through this safely . - You shouldn 't be . This is one of the greatest threats SHIELD 's ever faced . I agree . A whole race of people with powers ... And you 've proven time and again that you 're not objective when it comes to Skye . - That 's your opinion , not fact . - Want to talk facts ? Ultron was created because people were too close to Tony Stark . They were blinded by his charm . They trusted him . Never even thought to look at what he was working on . And the Avengers ... they let one man do whatever he wanted , and the world was almost destroyed for it . We 're SHIELD . We 're better than that . Or at least we should be . May ? You 're awfully quiet . Gonzales should go . Okay , then . I asked you to stay and give me advice . I 'd be a fool not to take it . As director , I 'll quarterback the mission from here . Gonzales and Weaver , you 're on QJ36 . Sure you don 't need any help with the indexing ? Do you actually want to ? You almost died last time . Last time was HYDRA and Ward . And even that worked out mostly okay . You know , you shouldn 't feel bad about Ward . I wanted to kill him , too . And I couldn 't . Means we 're better than him . I did try to kill him , Fitz , and I 'm kicking myself that I failed . The next terrible thing he does is on me . Bobbi , Coulson wants us to scout ahead . - Already locked in the coordinates . - Okay . Mack . Aren 't you supposed to be down with Gonzales and Weaver ? I never minced words with you before , sir , and I 'm not going to now . I 'm leaving . The fact that Theta Protocol turned out to be a Helicarrier doesn 't change things for me . Fury brought you back from the dead , and he used alien blood to do it . And you can 't be blamed for what happened to you , but you can 't be trusted , either . I 'm in full control of my actions . I had my own brush with something alien , and I know better than to mess with things I can 't understand . But it seems like you haven 't learned that lesson . I 'll have you reassigned to the carrier , under Gonzales . No . As much as I like and respect you , sir , if you 're the Director of SHIELD , I don 't want any part in it . I 'll go to the carrier , but ... it 'll be to collect my things . You 've been with SHIELD , what , 13 years ? I 'm sorry to lose you . All right , let 's get those jets in the air . SHIELD ? No , no , no , no . They cannot come here . You mustn 't allow it ! I don 't have a choice . Oh . I 'm sorry . That looked very old . - Was ... Was it old ? - Cal , you 've met these people . Tell me honestly ... can we trust them ? I only know a few of them , none of whom I 've enjoyed . Phil Coulson is my least favorite , but ... he does care about our Daisy . She was telling me about something called the index . The index ? Do they want to ... ? No , no , no . They will brand you ... all of you . You have power here ... lots of it . To do what ? Openly attack them ? - Blast their planes out of the sky ? - Well , for a start . Our daughter wouldn 't want that . And my people would never - blindly follow me into a war . - I would . So many people diminish with age , but you ... you 're as bold as the day I met you . I must look like an old man to you now . No . This is the same face I fell in love with . It 's me who 's changed . We can 't lose our daughter to these people again . They 're terrified of us , of our powers . What can I do to convince them that we don 't mean any harm ? Give me to them . They think I 'm a murderer , which is technically true . Let them have me . SHIELD loves it when they get to lock someone up . High fives all around . - Cal , I can 't ... - Let me protect my family the way I couldn 't before . Please . Mack quit today . You ever wonder who you 'd be without SHIELD ? Actually , been giving that a lot of thought recently . You ? Hunter asked me to leave once , to be with him . It was the one time I was tempted to walk away . You 're really gonna let Captain Ahab just waltz in there and have a fireside chat with Skye 's mum ? I am , though that is a really strange way of putting it . What if the Council is wrong ? I mean , Gonzales has never ... It 's not the Council versus us , Fitz . Not anymore . And they 're right . I haven 't always made the right call , especially when it comes to Skye . If I don 't put my faith in them , then SHIELD will fall apart all over again . Hate to break it to you , but SHIELD will also fall apart if a dozen angry enhanced blokes rain terror on us all . Yeah . I think we 've been spending too much time together . Gordon . What is it ? What 's wrong ? Were you able to locate our insurance policy ? Took some digging , and I 'd appreciate a bit more notice in the future . - 10 minutes out . - Copy that , Agent May . Hey , May , autopilot has us descending . You sure about those coordinates ? Funny how you 're so broken up about betraying Hunter . 'Cause it seems like you couldn 't care less - about what you did to me . - Kara . You just sat there , pretending to comfort me . But you were just trying to see if I remembered . Well , I do . Sir , there are a lot more unknowns than we anticipated . If Skye 's done her job and their leader agrees to meet , I 'll handle the rest . Lock in . Touchdown in five . I always knew my life was building up to something ... that I had a purpose . It 's nice to finally see what it is . Where did you take Jiaying ? I would hate for her to be someplace uncomfortable . Some would call your transformation a curse . But at Afterlife , we choose to call it a gift . Why ? Because we don 't want the way that others see us to define who we are . But you have used your powers to manipulate those around you , and you 've taken advantage of my good faith . - No . You have to listen to me . - Don 't . It 's the same with you every time . No , it 's not ! I 'm trying to save us ! There 's not a single soul that knows you who trusts you , Raina . Keep her here until SHIELD is gone . - Then we 'll decide your fate . - You have to believe me . Something terrible is going to happen unless you do what I say ! You 'll regret this . - Where 's Coulson ? - At headquarters . And I represent SHIELD with his same intentions . I might ask why he 's here , though . You returned Lincoln and Skye to us . We 'd like to return someone of interest to you . He 's killed agents of yours , hasn 't he ? Uh , no . No , not SHIELD agents . I don 't think . No , just people ... who had it coming . We pride ourselves on doing the right thing . And as much as this pains me , I do understand the larger goal . - I 'll call one of my people to take him . - Skye can . Would you take your father to the agents outside ? - I 'm sure mister ... ? - Gonzales , Robert . Robert and I have much to discuss . You know , I was always excited to meet you . even when you were a little bit of nothing in your mother 's belly . Oh , I had all these ideas in my head as to what kind of woman you 'd turn out to be , and ... You really are magnificent . I 'm very grateful I got a chance to know you . I 'm glad I got to know you , too . Skye told me what HYDRA did to you . It 's shameful . If a long life has taught me anything , it 's that you can never truly be prepared for what people are capable of . HYDRA took from me , too . We share the same scars , but it 's important that you know that we are not them . I have something for you . Go on . Open it . What happened to Coulson ? Did they do something to him ? We all felt that it was best to have someone more objective to meet with your mother . Gonzales sent people to kill me a few weeks ago . He 's a much better man than you think . What about you ? Why can 't you be in there right now ? I told you , we needed someone objective . I know that Whitehall subjected you to unspeakable horrors , that he took everything from you . A good man , Phil Coulson , put a bullet in him . - Where did you ... ? - SHIELD recovered it from Whitehall 's office after his death . I know that you were separated from your daughter . I thought that that might belong to her . A traditional Chinese gift to ward off evil spirits , isn 't it ? I never got a chance to give it to her . I kept hoping that if she was alive , evil would never find her . Not like it did me . I hope your mother is everything you wanted her to be . SHIELD has a very long and sometimes violent history with enhanced people , but the truth is , sometimes good people get powers , and sometimes bad . We 're there to protect the public when it 's the latter . And how would you like me to help you do that ? I would like to meet your people , learn about their powers . We 'll keep a record , and if any ever try to do someone harm , we 'll be there to stop them . That 's why SHIELD exists . I have a gift in return ... a piece of our history , something that might interest you . May even be worth indexing . That 's what you like to call it , right ? I have lived enough life to see countless people profiled for their differences . It 's amazing how many generations fall into the same trap . What is it that makes people feel they have the right to do that ? Fear . That 's what it is . SHIELD 's goal is to protect everyone . They turned over Cal . We 'll deal with him when you get back to H.Q. - We found these vials on him , ma 'am . - What are these ? Beats me . Fear drives us to do things we would otherwise never do . That 's why I first started experimenting with Terrigen crystals . We only had five Diviners in our possession . I knew if they were destroyed , we 'd lose our ability to transform ... an entire race gone forever . So we decided to make our own . As some have said , discovery requires experimentation . Eventually , we melted a Diviner down and grew new crystals from it . Unfortunately , we could never quite separate the Diviner metal out . It 's now laced within them . See ? This wasn 't a problem for Inhumans , of course . The Diviner 's harmless to us . But for humans ... well ... Let 's hope you 're one of us . No ! Stop ! How dare you compare your scars to mine ? You 're nothing like me , like us . Whitehall cut me to pieces . He ripped out my organs and stuffed them in jars ! I will never let that happen to my daughter ... to any of my people ! You 'll get everyone killed , you crazy ... - Mom ? - What 's going on in there ? Mom ! - Mom ! - He tried to kill me . SHIELD tried to kill me . This is war . Mom ! We 'll return in a moment . Agent Morse , what 's your twenty ? . Agent Morse ... Agent Morse ! You did good , baby . Fooled every one of them . It was hard being away from you . - It 's better when we 're together . - Why can 't we kill her now ? Closure 's about so much more than that . It 's about digging in , doing the work . I 'll show you what I mean . - And then we 'll kill her . - She 's waking up . We don 't want that .
