 ♪ - My name was milo rodricks . Not that it matters anymore . I 'm ... I wasan astrophysicist . I 've lived more than a lifetime , and ... ♪ And I can smell pop-tarts . I 'm the last human being Enjoying his last sensory pleasure . ♪ I got a favor to ask . Don 't forget us . We may have many faults , but we don 't deserve to be forgotten . ♪ Strike my first statement . My name is milo rodricks Till the very last second , Till the end . ♪ - ♪ I see trees of green ♪ red roses too ♪ I see them bloom ♪ for me and you ♪ and I think to myself ♪ what a wonderful world ♪ ♪ - Milo , don 't shovel , baby . They 're hot . I 'm booking a pedicure . Are you good for a pedicure , honey ? - Had mine done last week . - That the one that exploded ? - Nope . - Good . - Damn it . Ed , you swore , man . Diesel , come on . diesel ! ed , hey . Hey , it 's ricky stormgren . I got to ask you , have you been--you been drinking again ? I think you must have been drunk when you worked on that thing . Hello ? ♪ Diesel ! Come on . Come on . Come on . ♪ ♪ - Is your phone ... - No , no . - You get a signal ? - Hello ? Hello ? - It just dropped , all of a sudden . - Right there , right there . - There 's no way . - Right there . - Up there . ♪ - Hurry up . - Let 's get out of here . - Get out of the way ! ♪ ♪ - ♪ - ♪ - All military forces are assembling . Planes , helicopters , even model aircraft , Basically anything that is in the air that is manmade Is being brought down without damage to person or property . Communications such as cell phones are being disrupted . - I 'm standing on the gianicolo hill Overlooking the chaos in the streets of downtown rome Where the military continue to assemble in droves . It 's frightening , and it 's- - - Communications do seem to be scrambling , But I would say that here in the United States , They 've been reported over new york , houston , and d.C. - And reports are saying that at least 40 cities Around the world now have these vessels hovering over them . - London , okay , the picture is breaking up , But you can see a craft there . - They 're downing all air traffic . Aircraft are settling like- - - Feathers , we 'll say they 're settling like feathers . - All over the world . No casualties , everything in the sky has been grounded . They 're containing us . So , dad , what 's our angle ? Siobhan , do we have a headline picture ? - Already up , hugo . - Still have no idea What they want or where they have come from , As they have made no replies To any attempts to contact them . - You see , what we 're looking at here Could be perceived as ... - This is a national security matter now , So everyone looks to me . No , no , no , no , listen to me . We do not evac the president . I want him to remain in the eoc . What 's going on ? Wagons roll , come on . Joel ? Why can 't you drive around him ? - Because he 's my son . - Your son ? I thought your son was dead . - Uncle paul ? There 's no need to be afraid . My name is karellen . I 'm the supervisor for earth . - There 's no need to be afraid . My name is karellen . I 'm the supervisor for earth . - I know that this is frightening and bewildering . Please try to understand that we 've come a long , Long way to help you . - Annabel ? - We 've come to help mankind . - War , famine , inequality ... These will be things of the past . - Suffering will end . Injustice will end . No tears , only happiness and safety . - Your national and local governments Will still have jurisdiction . You will run your water and power . Your stores will be open . Your markets will trade . Your lives will continue as before minus one thing . - Injustice . This won 't happen overnight , But the process is already beginning . - It will herald the arrival of the golden age of man . We 're not conquerors . We 're enablers . We 're going to help you change . - I know it 's frightening , But you are no longer alone . - I know that this is frightening , But you are no longer alone . - I know it 's frightening , but you 're no longer alone . - We 're calling them the visitors . - No , we 're not . ♪ - Cellular service is temporarily unavailable . Please try your call again later . - We haven 't been able to bring you this Because we 've been having transmission problems . The images of gaza are staggering . The wall that separates israel from the gaza strip , All 400 miles of it , is gone . Arab residents are mingling with jewish residents . - They didn 't actually resurrect the dead . They appear to us as beloved deceased relatives . Now , that is something- - - Ellie , you okay ? - Ricky . - I just saw an israeli soldier embracing an elderly arab man Who was weak and stumbling from the shock of it all . I mean , this is just--it 's incredible . I mean , words cannot describe . This is truly incredible , Emotionally charged scenes between both israelis And palestinian residents . I mean , people from both sides are hugging . Some are even weeping . - Who 'd you see ? - I just saw an israeli- - - I saw my dad , of course , but , You know , they missed a trick Because no way he would get through that many sentences Without throwing in the f-bomb . You ? Who 'd you see ? - Yeah , me too , I saw my dad . - But they are not moving , And they 're displaying nothing that I could say- - - It 's like the playwright just walked on stage And stopped the play . - Remember that little old war in the congo no one could stop ? Well , both sides are praying together under a flying saucer . - Hands-across-the-water moment , huh ? - They 're doing something similar in sudan . We hear there 's some kind of Conciliatory intervention between north and south korea . Look , we might be able to get something into the air . - Hmm . " blessed are the peacemakers , " general . Let 's keep it in our pants for now , hmm ? - Everyone was paid a visit by this avatar . It calls itself the supervisor for earth , karellen . - How are we spelling that ? With a k ? - Every major military conflict that we know about Across the globe , well , they 've just stopped . There 's some rioting . Mogadishu went totally wacko , apparently . Then they blocked out the sun . - Ho , ho , ho , ho , hold on . They blocked out the sun ? How ? - Localized eclipse ? I don 't know . They 're aliens . It 's world peace , all hold hands and sing " kumbaya . " Us cynics have to swallow our pride And expect pigs to start flying any day now . - My uncle joey kept pigs . Irish grazers . He used to hire a local choirboy To sing to them as they were loaded onto the truck , And these pigs , they loved it . They were so peaceful All the way to the slaughterhouse . ♪ - ♪ - What 's up , man ? - Okay . I want you back in the house , milo . - Come on , mom , it 's fine . All the planes can take off again . We were just grounded so they could give us a message . - You 're smart , baby . What do you think their weakness is ? - You mean like a character flaw ? - No , like in " signs , " when that little girl Killed them with a glass of water . You know , janey from downstairs said the army 's everywhere now ? You think they 're gonna launch , like , a--what do we call it , Like , a air strike ? - I don 't think they want to hurt us , mom . Why come all this way just to blow us up ? - Because they 're aliens ? ♪ - Quiet down now ! Let the mayor speak ! - Can we just ... We 're never gonna get anywhere If we 're all hooping it up . - Well , what about food and water , mayor ? - Yeah . - Yeah . - There will be no hoarding . They 've only settled over three cities , And as far as I can tell , Nothing here in missouri has changed . - I guess they approve of basketball . Look , we 've seen what they can do . The question to ask ourselves is What can we do about them ? As far as I can tell , not a damn thing . - Ricky , you 've been a godsend to this town , The way you negotiated between the community And the limestone company last year , But this is a horse of a whole different color . - Yeah , exactly , which is why I ask , Why are we even trying to guess what they 're up to ? - So what 's your grand plan ? - I say we sit tight . I mean , they haven 't zapped the head off The statue of liberty yet . In fact , they 've actually made an effort To make us feel comfortable , So if this is an invasion ... I gotta say , it 's an awfully considerate one . - They need you all over again . - I don 't know about that . They 're probably all sick of me by now . - You never understood the effect you have on people . It 's very rare . - Ready to head up to bed ? We can pretend to sleep . - When that alien , karellen ... When he spoke to you as your dad- - - ♪ yeah , let 's twist again ♪ like we did last year ♪ do you remember when ♪ things were really humming ♪ yeah , let 's twist again - Els , you 're not annie oakley . You 're from greenwich village . Let 's go . Let 's go ! Come on , quick ! Get in the basement ! ♪ Diesel . ♪ ♪ Okay . ♪ You 've got my attention . ♪ Ah ! All right ! All right , hey ! - Ricky ? - Ellie , stay down there . Son of a ... ♪ All right . If I go , leave my family alone . This is ridiculous . ♪ - Heads up ! - You let no one through , you hear me ? No one . - Hold the line ! - Stay back . - Get back ! ♪ - Do you like it ? It 's the honeymoon suite . - The four seasons hotel . New york city . Annabel and I didn 't leave this room for three days , Even though I had tickets to the playoffs . - Hmm . Yankees beat minnesota twins three games to one . ♪ - What the hell is going on ? - There 's no need to be afraid . My name is karellen . ♪ - Why are you here ? - You were on the verge of discovering Interstellar travel , But the stars are not for man , ricky . We need a messenger they can trust , A conduit between the overlords and earth . Mm , overlords . I find that term a little bombastic , but hey-ho . ♪ - Why did you make this room ? Why 'd you send me annabel ? - Because she is still the most important thing in your life . ♪ - No , I got a new life . I 'm getting married again . All of this , this is- - This is mind games . Look , you scare the hell out of us , and you knock my door down , And then you ask me to be your ambassador . Buddy , you 're not even in the right zip code . I mean , you need- - you need the president , The pope , the dalai lama , somebody . - Problem is , they have baggage . You don 't . You are hardworking , Brave , kind . ♪ - Why did you make this room ? - You 're prepared to change and adapt . - Okay , take me home . Take me ho--where 's- - where 's the thing ? - People trust you . You look them in the eye and- - - Hey , if you want someone to push your agenda , Then you go down there , And by all means , do it yourself . - When the limestone mine wanted to take over your town , You brought both sides together . You built bridges . You healed divides . They called you- - - They called me " the pacifier . " It was ... It was meant to be a joke . - Mm , I know . I 've studied all human languages , syntax , Colloquialisms , jokes . I get it . 7 billion people , And I chose you . It was between you And an 82-year-old blind woman from seoul . ♪ What are you thinking ? - I 'm thinking I want to see who I 'm talking to . - I have to stay where I am . There 's a lot to tell people . Look beside you . ♪ - What is it ? - It 's a gift . ♪ - What if I don 't want to take it ? - Well , then don 't take it . ♪ I hope you can trust me . ♪ - I might take it and just chuck this thing in the river . - If that 's what you want to do , then of course , I respect your decision . I believe you will make the right choice , Whatever that choice may be . - I don 't know about you , paul , But these guys don 't give me the warm fuzzies . They 're neutralizing the world 's armies , And everybody 's looking to us to make the first move . The president wants to strike , paul . - Yeah , what 's the point ? We 'd be ants firing wood-pulp pellets at a b-52 . - The president thinks that we could- - - They brought dead people back . They stopped the world , general . As far as I 'm concerned , that puts them in the pilot 's seat . - We need you here , paul . - I just heard six hours ago They kidnapped a farmer named richard stormgren . - Jeez . What do we tell the old man ? - Tell him I 'm going to missouri . - Ran outside and approached to see what it was , And that 's when we saw it . - Yeah , good on you . - The pod thing , it was over the mountains over that way . - Alien abduction . - We thought it was gonna crash right into their house . - The overlords talk about peace , harmony , justice . Then they smash a fella 's house in and carry him away . Well , people need to know the facts . Then they can make up their own minds . ♪ - Still here waiting for- - - There it is ! - Right there ? ♪ ♪ ♪ - Ellie ? - Hey , babe . - Are you okay ? - I talked with him ... With karellen . - What--what did he say ? What--what did he look like ? - I don 't know . I didn 't- - I didn 't see him face-to-face . He gave me this . - What is it ? - I have no idea . ♪ - Mr. Stormgren . Can I see you for a minute ? ♪ - stay back ! - For your own safety , move back ! ♪ ♪ - I 've been reading all about you on the flight over . You 're a smart man , mr . Stormgren , A progressive man , humanitarian . - You better be careful , you 're gonna have me Blushing there , mister- - - Danlow , paul danlow . I work for the u.S. Secret service . - I can figure out who you work for , mr . Danlow . - What you got there ? - I have absolutely no idea . - They give you that ? Can I take a look-see ? You really should give that to me , And I can take it somewhere , somewhere safe . - I 'm sure you could . - You 're not gonna open it , are you ? It 'd be one hell of a move with the earth at stake and whatnot . Look , I understand . The aliens gave you something , and that makes you feel special . - Okay , no , no , don 't do that . Don 't patronize me . - Oh , I 'm not . They must take you seriously , so I take you seriously . That 's why I 'm asking you to hand it over Of your own free will . - Uh-huh , with a gun ? - Okay , what if it 's a bomb or a virus ? You think of that ? - Of course I thought about that , But don 't you think that if that was their intention , They could have done it themselves at any point ? - Well , think about it , ricky . So far these aliens have been Overwhelmingly demonstrative and secretive , threatening . They smashed open your home , forced you onto their ship . Then they give you this thing and they tell you to open it ? - Actually , karellen told me I could do what I wanted with it . Okay ? He gave me a choice . You 're not . - Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . What are you doing ? What are you do--whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . - Just recording you on our property threatening us . - All right , all right , hey , look , look . I 've seen what these guys can do . I 'm pretty sure they can stop you from shooting us . - Yeah ? Maybe they can 't . Maybe they 'll just find another farmer . - Actually , the backup was an old lady in seoul . - Hell , cards on the table , ricky , you 're a decent man , And decent men can be manipulated . - Hey , look , he said that they 're here To teach us , all right ? To help us . He said , " hey-ho . " They 're evil aliens , But their leader says , " hey-ho " ? No . You know what I think ? I think you want to know what 's in this thing Just as much as I do . - Whoa . Final warning , hand it over , Or I will put you down . ♪ - Okay . There 's intel from hospitals as far away as china . Same story everywhere . We 're looking at a 60 % recovery In patients presenting with leukemia , hodgkin 's lymphoma , Pulmonary lung disease . The first cure occurred the same minute that you opened the vial . - Maybe they are gonna cure everything . - You tell me . They 're your friends . ♪ Ricky , you 're the sole spokesperson for an alien race . Have fun with it . - - You got it ? - Yeah . - Morning . Uh ... My name is , uh , is richard stormgren . Um , I have been chosen to be the ... The intermediary between the overlords and , uh , Us , earth . And trust me , this was all One giant " twilight zone " to me too , so ... Uh , I was taken up to meet with him ... Uh , karellen , And I was not permitted to see him ... Physically , Uh , although I could tell that , in speaking to him , He seemed to be compassionate . I will be taken up to meet with him at regular intervals And will be passing on ... Uh , passing on information . Uh ... Karellen wants you to know that any war anywhere Will be seen and will be firmly stopped . Chemical pollution of the atmosphere will be , uh ... ♪ Yeah , they 're gon- - they 're gonna deal with that . - They 're going to deal with it ? - Yeah , pretty sure about that . The environment , uh , social issues , politics , I 'm told that that 's gonna Be more of a gradual process of development- - Just tell us , why won 't karellen show us his face ? - I ... Don 't know . - Can they stop death ? - I-I can 't--I can 't- - - Well , what does the inside of their ship look like ? Come on , tell us something . It looked like a hotel suite , Four seasons hotel in new york . - Well , mr . Stormgren , hey , you must know some- - - One of their pods just landed on the white house lawn . - That 'll be for me . Which way ? - Don 't worry about it . We 'll get you up to speed . - You know , it 's only gonna get worse . Half the world thinks that you 're their salvation . The other half wants to blow you out of the sky . - Well , you 've had that relationship With your religions for long enough . - Mm-hmm . - Fear , disorientation , and anger Is part of the first stage . - " are . " - I 'm sorry ? - They--they are part of the first stage . - Second person singular present active imperative . My bad . ♪ - You 've cleaned up . - We are not as demonstrative as you might think . We want to help you help yourselves . - Yeah , but a lot of people are gonna find that Awfully condescending . - Tell me , is it condescending To send your children to school ? - That 's a good point , but here 's the thing . If you walk around calling us all children , You 're gonna piss a lot of people off . - My bad . - ♪ - If you , um ... If you 'd have come here five years ago ... Annabel still be alive ? - We weren 't here five years ago , and she died . - Mm-hmm . - If you 'd like , I will dismantle this room . - No , no , we 'll ... Let 's keep the room for now . - Of course . ♪ - Ricky ! Ricky ! Ricky ! Ricky ! - Ricky ! Ricky ! - Diesel . Come on . Come on , up . come here . ♪ - This is gonna change everything for us , ricky . - Look , I 'm sorry , els , all right ? Just give me ... Give me a couple weeks so I can wrap my head around What happens next . - It was annabel . They sent you annabel , didn 't they ? ♪ Four seasons honeymoon suite ? ♪ And every time you go back to that ship , It 's to that hotel room . ♪ I 'm here . Whatever you go through ... Just know I love you . ♪ - A stonewashed hick from a flyover state . Why do you think they picked this guy ? Because he doesn 't ask the right questions , that 's why . What if they 're playing the long game ? They can live for thousands of years , So they can wait , you know ? Make us healthy , make us sleepy , make us fat . They want to buy the world a coke . all lovey-dovey . Oh , you can dress this up In as much hippie-dippie crap as you like . This is an invasion . ♪ - No disrespect , sir , But what the hell can you do about it ? ♪ - On my daddy 's farm , The animals have all the food they want . I feed the pigs red apples . And daddy gives them medicine so they never get sick , And they 're happy when daddy and the other men Take them away . I don 't know where they go , But I know they 're really happy . - Paid for by the freedom league . ♪ - Their reaction is understandable . It means we 're making an impression . Now , there is plenty of food and shelter on this world . It 's a question of distribution . Put the right people together . They will come because you ask them to . - And then what ? I don 't even own a suit . I don 't know what you think I 'm gonna accomplish That generations of diplomacy hasn 't . - The politicians have failed . Be yourself , ricky . Don 't think like them . - Look , karellen . - Hmm . - I think it would go a hell of a long way with people If you would just , you know , show yourself . - You wouldn 't accept my appearance . - So , hiding out here , You plan to stop centuries of people hurting one another ? - But you are already feeling each other 's pain . You share the same fears and confusions About us and about your future . It 's a healthy beginning . - So the overlords have actually Sealed up the saudi oil reserves . - Uh , why ? - Well , I think that we 're hoping it 'll be taken As an invitation to come talk with us . - Mr. Stormgren ? - Mm-hmm ? - I can show you a petition sponsored by the freedom league , 22,400,000 people who want the overlords To get the hell off our property . Next time you cozy up to your pal in the sky , You tell him that . - Let 's look at what 's happening . I never thought that I would see world peace . Did you ? No ? We 've ended war , And now it 's time to end starvation . Every day , millions of people are starving While the rest of us just throw away unwanted food , So we need to find a way to get that surplus Into the hands of the poorest people . So we don 't need a navy anymore , right ? It just so happens we happen to have a lot of big ships Just sitting around doing a whole lot of nothing , So we 're gonna refrigerate the u.S. Fleet and use that To transport the food supplies across the atlantic To west africa . We 're just gonna empty them out And then fill them up with dinner . - Impressive . No , it really is . I mean , It leaves our nation completely open to attack , But I 'm glad africa will get her meals on wheels . - The overlords have imprisoned our oil reserves . - Actually , they freed your supply lines . These pipes pumped your oil . Now we 're gonna use them to pump desalinated water Into the sub-sahara . - You cannot just commandeer the property of the saudi kingdom . - These people are dying of starvation and thirst . Now , we need to irrigate half a continent , sir , And our think tank says that 's the best way . - oh , I am so sorry . You guys got to be dying of thirst too . Can I get you something to drink ? Hey , can we get these guys something to drink , please ? - Yes , why has there been no water on the table ? ♪ - Gentlemen , cheers . - Dirty texan muck , hmm ? Very well , but understand that this is not the wish Of our kingdom . - We have always been in this together . Now it 's time to start acting like it . Gentlemen , welcome to the golden age of man . ♪ ♪ - Yes , of course , when they first arrived , I was scared . Everybody was scared . We watched them like we were shop mannequins , But after the shock , We realized that we had been living in so much uncertainty . They had come to rule us , And you can argue the morality , of course , But they brought certainty and stability . At least that 's how it seemed to us at first . I look back now and shudder . We were all under a spell . ♪ - Paid for by the freedom league . - That 's some fancy schooling . - He gets a scholarship . He wrote this essay about the overlords And sent it to some fancy college in massachusetts . - Oh , yeah ? Like what ? What 's in it ? - My son has theories . - Never known the neighborhood to look so nice . They still can 't take away the u.S. Of a . Got to have independence . Fourth of July , yo . - Hi , honey . How was school ? ♪ - There was a cocaine plant in ecuador . The overlords split it up into its component parts , About 4 million pieces . - What they do is like magic , huh ? - They 've learned how to manipulate solids At a molecular level , Probably using a controlled magnetic field . It 's not magic , mom . It 's just a 30,000-year head start . - Your mind , honey . It just blossomed when they arrived , didn 't it ? What you gonna do with all that know-how , huh ? - I don 't know . I can 't do much with it . ♪ - Keep dreaming . Supper 's on the table . - The freedom league 's gaining momentum , Funded by people like hugo wainwright . Doesn 't that bother you ? - I had hoped the world had had enough of angry mobs . - The saudis are pushing back on this whole thing , And I can 't blame ' em . People get angry when they feel impotent . - But I 've enabled you all to help yourselves . - But , see , this is what I 'm talking about . While you 're standing back there hiding your face ... I mean , look at this . Have you seen these ? - I don 't mind the centipede . I 'm not wild about being portrayed As a blue robot , though . - You know what they 're most afraid of ... Is that you don 't look any different at all . I 'm telling you , to have gone through all this Just to be ruled over by humans- - - We don 't look like humans . ♪ - That 's new . ♪ - As surely as it rises , the sun has to set . ♪ ♪ - You cut this up with roach powder . I 'm not taking it from you no more , fence . - You 're damn lucky I get any . And you pull your neck in , girl . - Get out of there ! ♪ - Oh , great , here comes dr . X. - You 're selling my mom drugs again ? - Go back in , milo . I can handle this boy . - Boy ? Does this look like some boy toy to you ? - Just give me my money . Ah ! Aah ! - Around here I 'm the overlord , And that 's the truth ! - Next to them , you 're nothing ! Just a boy with his water pistol . - Milo ? ♪ - Bro , what you thinking ? - Milo ! No ! Oh , god ! Not you ! Milo ! ♪ Not you ! Ah ! What ? No , not you ! Honey ? What ? ♪ Honey ? Look it 's not just our science that 's been hobbled . They control our justice system . My news sites are reporting they just executed a young kid From the inner-city projects . - Well , we 're getting eyewitness reports That say it was an accident . - Do the overlords allow accidents ? Sure , the kid had a gun , But they took him out right there and then , no trial . You break the rules , bang , you 're dead . They are watching us all the time , And they are dealing in swift moral absolutes . It 's exactly the kind of thing That makes the freedom league rise up . - I 'm glad you mentioned the big , silent guy . Let 's bring miss peretta jones into the discussion . Peretta , you 're part of the junior faith initiative , Which aims to remind young people of the importance Of remembering god in these unique times . - Oh , yes , I guess we have to . The overlords have destroyed god . My mother was a devout christian . We lived in the poorest part of brazil . When the overlords came , she lost her faith . My mother decided that she couldn 't live in a world Without god , so she killed herself . My fear is that the next generation Won 't remember there was ever talk of god . - It 's clear they control our political process , Our law enforcement , And though I 'm not a religious man , Miss peretta makes a very good point . They 're controlling the way we think . - This is nice . Just you , me , and the 5,000 by the gate . - Maybe I 'll go take them some loaves and fishes later . They 'll like that . ♪ - So , uh , What with world peace and all that stuff , Do you even need to go back up there anymore ? - Babe , I guess that 's up to karellen . ♪ - It 's up to you . ♪ - All right . I 'll tell you what . Why don 't we get this wedding back on track ? - Do you want to ? - I love you , els . Hey ... I love you . - But you never would have if things had been different , If annabel was still ... And I can 't help thinking things are different for you up there . Karellen is not letting you move on . He 's built this dollhouse of the past to control you somehow . - Okay , just give--just give me a little bit of credit here . - You 're distant from me . - Because I have responsibility . I 'm sorry . As much as you may want , this is not about us . This is--this is about the whole damn world . - You 're my whole damn world . ♪ What 's up there isn 't real . ♪ ♪ - All right , guys , hey , come on . Back on the other side of the fence . - Ricky . Ricky ? ♪ ♪ - Know what they call you ? The blue collar prophet . Cool , huh ? ♪ - Where are you from ? - Mexico city . - How 's the air in mexico city these days ? - It 's clean . ♪ - Listen , if you don 't have him , you need to help him . You can do anything , right ? So you find him , and you bring him back to me . Bring him home . - What 's she doing ? ♪ ♪ - Coffee ? - Want to tell me what part of your journalistic experience Gives you the chops to play general ? - I 'm not playing general . I 'm a pacifist . We are 120 miles from the nearest town , 150 feet underground , Lead-shielded , self-sufficient , And off-grid , I believe they like to call it . - So what are you trying to do here , wainwright ? You want to--you want to start a war ? Come on , you 're smarter than that . You know you can 't win . - You 're right . We can 't win a war against them , But organized resistance ? Now , that 's different . You see , Karellen likes to see himself as the benign overlord . What if we stopped working with him ? What if we destroy our clean power plants , Pollute our irrigation systems ? - But listen to yourself . - Defiance . If we stop following them , they 've failed . - So you destroy every good gift they 've given us . Then what ? - They leave . What choice do they have ? - So we can just screw the world up all over again . - I 'd rather the world went down the toilet Under our control than flourished under theirs . - Oh , okay , I get it . So then--so this is about who 's holding the power , right ? 'cause you used to hold the reins to public opinion . Now you don 't like that they 've taken that from you . You 've got--you got to wrap your head around the fact That working with them is not the same as working for them . - Semantics , ricky . - So what the hell do you want from me ? - I want you to join the freedom league and speak for us . - No . - Then the overlords have their first martyr . ♪ ♪ - Did he plan that for the camera ? ♪ - Are you hurt ? - No . - Time has changed . Our time . A second is an hour to us . Remember how we used to talk about that ? How we wished that a night would last a whole year ? ♪ - Don 't come to me like this , karellen . - I 'm not karellen , ricky . ♪ - Then what are you ? - A memory . A ripple in a pond . I 'm not a part of them . I 'm a part of you . - Why would karellen send you ? He could have sent anything . - No , he couldn 't . He 's led by what 's in your heart . That 's why he built this room , our room . ♪ - No . ♪ ♪ I buried you . - Did you ? One day you 'll understand why I came back And why he built the room . - Ricky ? ♪ What 's happening to us ? - Oh , come here . Come here . ♪ - Look at you . They shouldn 't do this to us . They 're playing with your mind . ♪ You need to see who this karellen really is . - Be safe . - Yeah . ♪ - Don 't think about it . Just do it . ♪ - You guys see everything , right ? - Mm-hmm . - So then you could have stopped them from taking me . - We could have neutralized his armies , But we needed the world to see what human resistance Is capable of , That they would murder someone so beloved for their cause . Their spirit is broken now . The freedom league is disbanding . We are doing this for your own good . - Let me tell you a little something about trust , karellen . It works both ways . - The world federation is being founded . Your nations will now unite as one . The first stage is complete . - He 's exactly right . I 'm just talking to myself . You told me that you needed my advice Just as much as we needed yours . Well , here it is . As long as you stay hidden back here , There 's always gonna be people that don 't trust you . Human beings don 't trust what they can 't see . - They trust in a god they can 't see . Man needs a lot more psychological preparation Before we can show ourselves . - So when ? - Not for many years , But when the time is right ... I know you 're disappointed with my answer , But we 've seen the effect our appearance can have . - So then you have been seen by people . - Your world isn 't the only planet we 've supervised . Now , your work is done here , I think . ♪ - What ? So that 's it ? - I 've so enjoyed our chats . - Oh--okay , just hold on . - You 'll live to see that day . It will be wonderful for both of us , But it will still be very hard when we finally appear . I hope you don 't mind me saying this , But I 'm going to miss you , my friend . Hmm . - Uh , karellen ... - Good-bye . - Karellen ! ♪ Karellen was right . We can 't let anyone see this . Just delete it . Get rid of ' em . I 'm done . I 'm home . Ellie ryberg , Will you marry me ? - Evil can disguise itself as truth . Whatever faith or belief you have , Know that we 're in this battle together , All of us . We can never give up the fight . No matter how mighty the overlords may seem , We should never give up . ♪ Remember , there is an ultimate truth in this universe . ♪ I will never , ever stop believing that . ♪ - Media magnate hugo wainwright , jr . Has been found hanged in his d.C. Office . The newspaper proprietor left no note , And there are believed to be no suspicious circumstances . ♪ - You seem pretty low for a walking miracle . - I never used to feel this different or this scared When I was in the chair . - That 's ' cause your chair was a barrier Protecting you from the world , But the barrier 's down now . You 've got to stop hiding and work out who you are . - Is that what they did when they cured me ? - Oh , maybe . Maybe they think you got potential . - On the tv , they say that science is dying . I don 't want it to die . ♪ - So what are you gonna do about that ? - Well , I want to be the first person to visit their planet . ♪ - Then that is what you 'll do . ♪ - Who knows why they chose 15 years , But things had got a whole lot better . I got a place at mit , graduated , And got a job in astrophysics . Mom got clean and looked younger than ever before . In fact , everyone did . " youth of utopia , " they called it . The earth was being reborn , so to speak , And right now was waiting To meet their guardian angels . ♪ Kenny ? ♪ - Milo . Oh , my god , milo . Welcome home . - It 's good to be back . - You still playing scientist ? - I am in the dwindling dodo profession That is astrophysics , yes , sir . Man , I mean , wow . Look at this . Everything- - everything 's changed . - Yeah , most of these are empty . When folk found out they didn 't have to earn money , They just cleared on out into them wide-open spaces . It 's pretty much all mine now . - Yeah ? - Mm . - I mean , you looked after ? - People leave this for me every few days . I have music . I have peace . They did it , milo . They did it . They showed us how to make heaven on earth . Mm ! - It 's a big day . - Yes , it is . - Thought maybe you 'd want to come to a bar And share it with me . - I don 't need to see them , milo . - What are you talking about ? - I 've seen enough . - You know me . I could never see enough . ♪ - Hey , buddy . - Come on , dad , it 's started . - What 's started ? - Jake ! - What 's that ? - Come on ! - All right . - What are you doing ? - Ahh . No hello ? Right there . Okay . - It 's hard to believe that our wait is over , But it is , And it seems that the supervisor for earth , karellen , Deems us ready to look him in the eye . And here we are at the designated monument site- - - I can 't believe it 's arrived . We 're ready , huh ? - Guess we are , amy . Guess we are . ♪ - It 's a beautiful , balmy evening As the sun starts to set on the 200,000 excited spectators . Delegates from the world federation Are taking to the main podium . It 's fair to say that everybody 's breath Is truly bated as we wait to meet our guardian angels . ♪ There 's--there 's some disturbance in the sky . ♪ And it 's here . It 's above us right now . ♪ People are on their feet . We haven 't seen an overlord ship this close Since they first arrived over a decade and a half ago . Now , it does appear to be docking with the arrival ramp . ♪ And it 's docked . The ship is docked . ♪ - This is karellen . Let the children come forward . - The child greeters that karellen asked for Are now entering the arrival ramp . ♪ - My god . ♪ ♪ - Karellen was right to hide himself from us . - Still , I think , uh ... I think it may be too soon . - This world will be okay , won 't it ? - Yeah . Yeah , I think so . ♪ - Hello . There is no need to be afraid . ♪ ♪ Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
