 Previously on Neon Joe , Werewolf He-yump ... ( Carol ) What 's the matter ? This whole thing taking you back to your time in Seattle ? You shot that kid holding a hoagie . Oh , sure , focus on the guy who happened to laser his pubes right when Neon Joe was collecting pubes . ( Joe ) If Matt was attacked , there 's a very good chance he was infected . Just like I thought . He a wolf . ( sobbing ) My baby ! ( gunfire ) Enemy approaching ! Warn Jimenez ! I 'm out ! Switching to .50 caliber ! It 's not working ! Don 't shoot that ! It 's not a gun ! What ? ! Don 't shoot , it 's a sandwich ! ( gunshot ) ( sighs ) ♪ Episode 01x03 " Bark Bark Yum Yum " ( Joe ) Getting Susan to end her son 's life will be a challenge , to be sure , but I am nine for nine when it comes to convincing mothers of children in werewolf-induced coma to pull the plug , And I look forward to making it an even 10 . A.K.A. a Joe 's dozen . He-yump ! Hot chowder , coming through ! Ooh , hello , Neon Joe ! ( indistinct conversations ) What going on in he-yump ? Susan runs a speed-dating night called It 's just chowder . People meet over a bowl of chowder , nice and casual , see where it takes them from there . No pressure . It 's just chowder . Yeah , you can tell I-I-I-I - - I like to sing . You know ( operatically ) ♪ Ahhhh ! ♪ Can I have your chowder ? Hey ! I 'm ready for some chowder . Nice try , Dave . You 're banned . Tell me I can 't have chowder . He threw up on someone last week . Heh . But we have got to get you in the next round . Oh , no , no . No , thank you . I got a very strict pre-date ritual I stick to . Wash my pits , I squeeze one out . But I came to talk to Susan , anyway . We can do that another night . ( blows whistle ) And time ! Switch it up . Take over for a minute . ♪ Oh , do-do , bah , bah , bah ♪ ♪ Do , do , do , do , boo-boom ♪ ♪ Chicka , chicka , chicka , chicka , chicka ♪ Beat it , Angela . ♪ Cha , cha , cha , cha ♪ ♪ Boop , a-doop , boop ♪ ♪ Boo-boop , boop-a doo ♪ Chowder . So , Joe , what did you want to talk about ? We could also head over to my place and talk between the sheets . Yeah , uh , I believe that it is time to talk about releasing your poor boy to the great beyond . Time 's up . Switch ! Don 't forget , it 's just chowder . Can I have your chowder ? Oh , sure . How you doing , Sonny ? Man , that chowder night fun . Get lucky ? Gonna be sexting someone tonight ? No , I didn 't have a chance to wash my pits and squeeze one out . I did talk to Susan , but , uh , that didn 't go so good . Susan ? Surprised you 're here . How you mean ? Ever since Matt went into his coma , she 's been here every night . I guess some people grieve by getting wasted and screwing dudes in the bathroom . Screwing dudes in the bathroom , huh ? Well , he-yump , think about pursuing the possible sexual angle with Susan . Hey , Neon Joe , Look how sweaty I am ! What he watching ? Oh , Sheriff made an exercise video . All proceeds go to victims of police violence . ... . Two , three ! Switch hands ! - Ahhh . Ahhh . - Police violence . He-yump . Hey , where 's Sheriff , anyway ? I thought all the gals in Garrity want to slurp up on that hunky chowder . No , that thing with the kid in Seattle really messed him up . Destroyed his marriage . Your new partner is about as twisted as a pretzel doing yoga . A pretzel doing yoga ? ( laughing ) Good one , Sonny . News flash . Sheriff a yoga pretzel . Well , I appreciate that tip , Sonny . I 'll see you around . Mmm ! Boy , I got to tell you , I usually prefer my clams bearded , but , uh , this tender bivalve flesh teabagging my taste buds just fine . ( laughs ) ( gulping ) ♪ Ever since Neon Joe got to town , it 's all " Neon Joe 's gonna find out about us . " Neon Joe has a recorder with information on it . " The biggest threat we have to anybody finding out about us is you ! Done . Put that back together ! ( scoffs ) You are the only one of us who ever really wanted to be friends with these humans . Maybe you can exploit that with Neon Joe and find out what 's on that recorder . Or can you not handle a mission of that magnitude ? No . Good . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm off to play darts with my current lover . And if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to make a lasagna . This steel beast is one tough ride . But the results you get in your triceps and abs will be your reward . That 's how you buckercise ! Yeeee-he-yump ! A-whoa , horsey ! A-whoa ! ( laughs ) ( beeps ) Neon Joe . Heard about your little exercise videos . Interesting choice of charity , victims of police violence . Yeah , so ? Now , why do I got a sneaky feeling that all the proceeds are going to a certain mom of a particular kid that just happened to be killed dead in a hoagie-related whoopsie-doodle ? So what if it does ? It helps me feel better . I 've never met her , I 've never seen her , and that 's exactly the way I like it . Whoa , slow down , Sheriff . Slow down . It 's time to clear your head and man up . We can 't have you hitting the pause button drawing your weapon when that werewolf show up . ( wolf howls ) Right ? Or - - Or if Matt come out of that coma , Georgia have that little wolf baby . No , the - - the - - the key to drawing your metallic gun without hesitation is to start by drawing your wiener gun with lubrication . Now come on . Let me set you up on a date . ( groans ) Now , ho-hold up , now . Hold up , now . It 's just chowder . Dead ... hoagie ... he-yump . Oh , yeah . ( muffled moaning ) Quit beating your meat , Dave ! ( moaning continues ) Relax . You wash your pits and squeeze one out ? What ? Man , don 't no one in this town got no pre-date routine ? Who 's my date ? Someone you never met , but got a lot in common . Single mom from the Northwest . Seattle , to be specific . You son of a bitch . Oh , too late . Oh , my God . Right on time . Oh , here you go . Come on in . ( breathing heavily ) Oh , no - - no tears , now . No tears . Here you go . Got a - - got a table all set for you . Have a seat . Now , Karen , Sheriff . Sheriff , Karen . And , uh , don 't forget , it just chowder . I just wanted to say that - - You 've been sending the money , haven 't you ? - Listen - - - Here you go . You go- - You got to have the chowder for it to be just chowder , Am I right ? I didn 't have anything to do with this . Cracker ? I would 've never - - Pepper ? Pepper ? I would 've never have asked you - - Spoon ? Bon appé-he-yump . ( monitor beeping ) ( monitor beeping rapidly ) ( monitor beeping ) While Sheriff getting over his mental hump , I 'm gonna be getting on my pelvic bump . ( chuckles ) Hey , Neon Joe ! Oh , hey there , Sonny . Say , you up for a little ' bee ? Oh , well , I would love to , but I got important werewolf business to tend to . ( wolf howls ) How about a rain check ? Sure . All right . See you around . Can 't wait to see the look on Susan face when I start to give her the hee-haw he-yump . The buttering-up has commenced . ( slurps ) Mmm-mmm ! This bramble-grape tea is simply divine , Susan . Um ... I would like to apologize for being so , uh , insensitive to your grieving emotional state the other night . Thank you . Beautiful artwork , by the way . Thank you . I do them myself . Oh , well , uh , perhaps I 'll be lucky enough if one day maybe you 'll , uh , do me . ( sighing ) He-yump . Perhaps . Might I offer you a foot rub ? Sure . Yeah , why don 't you pop that right on over he-yump ? Mm . Ooh . Now , I know it difficult to talk about your son , but I would like to remind you that , uh , he 's got a very slim chance coming out that coma . Any not-so-slim chance you like to suck toes ? Yeah , now you talking Joe 's language , he-yump . Uh-he-yump . ( moans ) ( muffled ) Even if he do come out of it , He 's still a werewolf . ( wolf howls ) Let 's skip the werewolf stuff and focus on the toe sucking . Your boy gonna die . Could be a silver bullet to the brain . ( wolf howls ) Or could be his mother giving him a gentle push into the blissful beyond as she lovingly , tenderly pull the plug . You can see yourself out . Huh ? And you suck toes , you don 't lick them . My fully-engorged schwang-doodle says otherwise . Yeah . ( clapping ) I 'm glad to hear you 're also having dreams about your son . I mean , I 'm not happy you 're having dreams , I 'm - - I 'm just saying ... Look , we 're forever connected by the worst day in our lives . Maybe now we put all that behind us . It 's nice to have someone to talk to about this whole thing . I 'm glad you decided to stay . ( knocking ) Bark , bark , yum , yum ! Excuse me ? Bark , bark , yum , yum ! Yeah , okay , Dave . See you later . What was that all about ? ( scoffs ) Let 's just say you 've met the town drunk . ( both chuckle lightly ) So , um , how did you raise all that money for the charity , anyway ? My bull . So , I settled on " Buckercise . " It 's actually a pretty good workout . But ... guess I won 't have to make these videos anymore . Forbidden fruit . Oh ! I can 't believe I said that out loud . Oh , that 's okay . I was actually thinking the same thing . Nicely played , Sheriff . I 'd say that forbidden fruit about to get a whole lot more bidden . ♪ ♪ My number . Let 's keep in touch . Will do . Hey ! Bark , bark , yum , yum ! ( laughing ) Oh , man ! How many town drunks you guys have ? ( laughs ) Trust me , you are not a dog . I-I mean , like , you 're , like , a total fox . ( laughs ) Call you when I land . All right . ♪ Got myself a girlfriend ♪ - ♪ Bark , bark , yum , yum ♪ - ( TV ) The Action news - ♪ Got myself a girlfriend ♪ - will be right back - ♪ Bark , bark , yum , yum ♪ - after the break . ♪ Bark , bark , yum , yum , Grayson 's dog food ♪ ( Karen ) When I think about the best nutrition for my dog , I think about four simple words - - Bark , bark , yum , yum . ( echoing ) Bark , bark , yum , yum . ( distorted ) Bark , bark , yum , yum . Yum , yum . Yum , yum . ( muscles creak ) ( monitor beeping ) ( monitor beeping rapidly ) He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! He-yump ! All right , good . Good . Let 's take five . You got a good jab . We got to work on that uppercut , he-yump , When I get back from the little boys ' room . - Okay , Neon Joe . - Real good . You like Rocky Balboa , he-yump , and I 'm Apollo he-yump . ( Joe ) Yeah , that mayor cute , even if she a lez . Guess I 'm - - ( fast-forwarding ) I 'm pretty sure I can un-lezify her no prob . All I got to do - - ( fast-forwarding ) Now I know what brought me to Garrity . Not just werewolf . Something else going on in this town . Big secret 's about to be revealed . I do believe I 'm emotionally ready to take on the responsibility of a new best friend . Sonny Coco has emerged as top candidate . Back to my burrito . Your footwork coming along real good . But , now , don 't forget , when you 're in that ring , stick and he-yump , stick and he-yump . - Right ? - All right. okay . See you later , Neon Joe . All right , Sonny . Good job . Well , hello there , Sheriff . I heard Karen left town this afternoon . Take it you two had a forbiddenly fruitful good time . ( laughs ) Bark , bark , yum , yum . That 's far enough . Turn around . You gonna blow my brains out ? Nope . Just this . He-yump ! All right , I deserved that . But you calm down now , you hear ? I called the real mom , she told me to go to hell . So I had to hire an actress . From a national dog-food commercial ? ! He-yump ! ( grunts ) It worked , though . I saw what you did to her " t . " I saw what you did to her " v. " I was - - I was watching the whole thing on my b 's , man . I saw it all . Yeah . You had some crazy actress sex . You ought to be thanking me . ( cellphone rings ) Dalton . Okay . I 'm on my way . There 's an emergency at Dave Blonger 's . This isn 't over , though . He-yump ! Oh ! Dave Blonger was the werewolf . ( wolf howls ) ( Joe ) Yeah , bark , bark , yum , yum . More like ouch , ouch , spoom , spoom ! ( laughs ) Oh , he-yump . Look at this right here . Oh , yeah . I hope he didn 't die before pleasuring himself to this hot piece of tush . ( chuckles ) He-yump . Looks like Dave Blonger died in the act of autoerotically asphyxiating himself . Just as I suspected . Human turn into werewolf . ( wolf howls ) If it die while in human form . Otherwise known as a flipsy-flopsy from the usual way it happen . Huh . What have we here ? Sheriff , take a look at this . Contact lenses . Moon-proof contact lens . That 's how he was able to control it the whole time . He knew Joe was on the case , so he threw in the towel . Or , rather , choked himself with the towel , got in one final ' gasm . Wow . This whole time . Well , I guess it 's over . Well , except for Matt . Yeah . And except for this . He-yump ! In any case , I 'm very happy to announce that a month-long reign of supernatural terror is over in Garrity . The werewolf is dead . Awesome ! Great news ! Mayor , what about the boy in the coma ? Technically there 's still a werewolf here in Garrity . Why keep it alive ? Why wait ? ( Man ) Yeah , why ? Sheriff Dalton can answer those details . If you 'll excuse me , I 'm off to have scones with my current lover . Thank you , Mayor . Um , Matt 's mother , Susan Duane , has yet to give consent - - Uh , actually , uh , th-the breakthrough in the case came due to an extensive sensual angle that I 've been pursuing with Ms. Duane . She 'll be pulling the plug on her son , and soon . I stake my reputation on it . That 's all for today . Y 'all can he-yump . Oh , hey , Sonny . Congratulations cracking the case , Neon Joe . Oh , thank you , buddy . I appreciate that . That 's not a gun . I know . ( Man ) Enjoy your meal . ( thunder crashes ) Aah ! ( breathing heavily ) I got clean pits and an empty colon . Free and clear to focus on getting Susan to pull the plug . Maybe get my jock rocked in the process . Remember , the son you knew is gone . You need to think of all the sons and future sons of Garrity that you 'll be saving by doing this . I think it 's time we both let go . Well , thanks for that extra round of convincing . ( chuckles ) Can 't wait to see my portrait on your wall . These are the longest noodles I have ever had to use . Oh , hey , what 's up ? I was just in there doing your job . Your measures are extreme , but you were right . Thank you . Yeah . Thanks , Neon Joe . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , good , good . Just like how I planned . Drive you two into each other 's arms . Yeah , I bet you were both thinking about me right when you spurted spasms , he-yump . Right ? As far as I can tell , all he 's concerned about is trying to turn you straight . Doesn 't matter , though , right ? I mean , the werewolf 's dead , Susan 's gonna pull the plug on Matt . Neon Joe will be out of town . We 'll be in the clear . I guess you 're off the hook . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to have frittatas with my current lover . ♪ Goodbye , best friend that never was . Hey , man . Finish my puzzle . ( groans ) Uh , now it 's time to , uh , pull the plug on this particularly gruesome chapter in Garrity 's history . You ready to do this ? Yes . Uh , you 're doing the right thing , Susan . - ( sighs ) - What 's that ? Some of my homemade meatballs . They were Matt 's favorite . I just want him to go out happy . Oh , my God . I call dibs on the meatballs . Yeeee-he-yump ! Mmm ! ( laughs ) Ride ' em , Joe ! Whoo-hoo ! He-yump ! He-yump ! Oh , he-yump ! Oh ! Whoo ! Yeah , baby ! Yeah ! Whoo ! Yeee-he-yump ! That meatball 's good .
