 Previously on " Agent Carter " ... A woman from your lab died , and two of my men were killed to hide the evidence . I had nothing to do with that . Best way to explain is to show you . Only one thing was left behind ... zero matter . Tonight , we 'll clear out the laboratory . We need to get to your lab to retrieve the research and the zero matter . Whitney Frost ? Now hand it over . Run . Dr. Wilkes ? He didn 't make it . Is Dr. Wilkes a suspect in the explosion at Isodyne ? Why did he do it ? Was it a personal vendetta ? What was Isodyne working on in the lab ? Is there a danger of radiation ? Vega , clear a perimeter . No press for a hundred yards . - How you holding up ? - I 'm fine . How goes the search ? Slow going . Dr. Wilkes brought a lot of work home . Anything regarding Isodyne 's work on zero matter ? Nothing that would explain why a bunch of gorillas were shooting at you last night . They were shooting at Dr. Wilkes . They wanted him killed . I suppose I did their job for them . You know what happened at the lab was an accident . Nevertheless , Dr. Wilkes is dead , and the only lead that we have in the case is a tie pin , the same kind that Dottie Underwood tried to steal in New York . I called Thompson when I got back into the office . Haven 't heard back yet . I doubt he 'd call to report his lack of progress . Do you hear that ? It 's hollow . There must be 50 grand in here . Plane ticket to Moscow , one way . And a Russian passport . Why would Wilkes have a Russian passport ? Maybe because he 's a Russian spy . Do you have any evidence to support that preposterous theory , Agent Baker ? Found this under his mattress . Tokarev TT-33 . Same gun that was used to kill the agents moving Jane Scott 's body . Your pal Wilkes wasn 't just a spy . He killed two of our guys . A spy who hides every bit of incriminating evidence in one easily discovered place ? I don 't believe it for one moment . You think someone planted all this ? I think Isodyne is trying to frame Dr. Wilkes and they want us to do their dirty work . # Agent Carter 2x03 # Better Angels Original Air Date on January 26 , 2016 End of the line , Colt . Ain 't nowhere else for you to hide . I own this town . Tough talk , Sheriff . Now draw ! Hold it ! You 're in the shot ! Still in the shot . Cut ! That 's lunch ! One hour , everybody . Mr. Stark , we have rushes for you to look at . I always thought you should be in pictures , Peg . What do you say ? Arlene French called in drunk . You want to play a sassy beer wench ? - I 'd rather be the cowboy . - I like it . I don 't think the audience is ready yet . But they 're ready for a movie based on a comic book . Sounds like a dreadful idea . I 'll have you know , this is a historical drama . Kid Colt was a real person . And if it fails , there will be a substantial write-off come tax season . Sorry I missed you last night . We wrapped late . And Irene Dunne and I wrapped even later . Do you have time to talk about the real world for a moment ? Unbelievable . That rift snuffed out an atomic explosion like a match . You got a blockbuster flick on your hands , Peg . You have any idea what could do that ? Zero matter , or at least that 's what Dr. Wilkes thought . I was hoping you 'd have some answers . Well , that kind of power doesn 't exist in the natural world . This zero matter stuff ... This could be the greatest find of the century . Well , apparently , it 's important enough for Isodyne to fabricate a story about Dr. Wilkes being a Communist . You know , that 's an easy enough setup . He 's already a target ' cause of the color of his skin . I won 't let them tarnish Dr. Wilkes ' name like this . Wilkes was a member of the Arena Club ? - Is that what that pin is from ? - Yeah . And I 'm amazed they allowed him to be a member . They keep their ranks male and pale . Jarvis here isn 't even white enough for them . Please . I 'm 1 16 Turkish . What kind of organization is it ? Social club . For L.A. ' s silver spoon crowd since 1906 . The influential , the powerful , the reptilia and the rodentia . The Arena Club is where they all congregate . They 've been trying unsuccessfully to recruit Mr. Stark for years . I 'm not a joiner . - Women aren 't allowed . - Well , there 's that , too . That pin belonged to one of the men that tried to kill me last night , and Dottie Underwood tried to steal one just like it back in New York . Who is Dottie Underwood ? She kidnapped you . At gunpoint , not long ago . You were wearing your brown mohair jacket . The Russian knockout with the killer backhand . A Soviet spy in an old-boys club ? What the hell have you gotten yourself into , Peg ? I don 't know . But at least I know where to start looking . Oh ! You scared the life out of me . Front page above the fold . Hmm ? You were right , the Commie angle was perfect . Cops didn 't doubt our story for a minute . Well , you 're the one that sold it . I 'm not the only actor in the house , hmm ? Why aren 't you at work ? Oh , I was ... I wasn 't feeling well this morning . I ... Oh , you okay ? Oh , yes . - I 'm better now . - Good . I 'm gonna pull the ' 39 Moet out of the cellar . Cal . What if I told you I wanted to retire from acting ? You mean after the election , right ? I 'd hate for anything to overshadow the campaign now . No . Of course . Of course . It was just idle thoughts , and ... Well , when ... We win this thing and move to Washington , you can retire and have all the babies you want . Mm . That sounds wonderful . How did they get this ? We haven 't even released a statement yet . Isodyne desperately wants the world to believe that Jason Wilkes is a Communist . And they have friends at the Times . Well ... Look who finally decided to show up for work . - Jack , what ... - An appalling surprise . I missed you too , Marge . What are you doing here ? Hey . I had some business in town . Figured I 'd drop by and clean up another one of your messes . Is that what you think you do ? Your incident report from the accident at Isodyne ... I fixed a couple of details . " I chased the Russian spy into the lab but couldn 't apprehend him before he set off an explosion . " this is rubbish . This is covering your behind , Carter . I 'm not filing a report about you running around Hollywood with this guy . People might get the wrong idea . And what idea is that ? That you 're a Communist . The only Communist I know is Dottie Underwood . Have you gotten one iota of information out of her yet ? Or is she still rearranging the office furniture atop your sternum ? Don 't worry about things that don 't concern you , Carter . She was stealing from the very organization that we are investigating . And that investigation is concluded . - Your John Hancock , please . - I 'm not signing my name to that . Fine . You don 't need to . You can 't do that , Jack . She was acting as a part of my investigation . On loan from my office . Isodyne is using Wilkes as a patsy . They found something so dangerous , it destroyed their own lab . Now they 're pretending it never happened . If only you could prove that . Watch the Isodyne film . See for yourself what they 're hiding . I already read the book , and it stunk . The case is closed . I 'd forgotten what a pleasure it was to work with you . _ Can 't believe this . Absolutely ridiculous man . It 's nearly 10 : 00 . Does Howard know that I 'm waiting on him ? Take a number , honey . And , um , who are these people , please ? According to the accountants , production assistants . I see . Well , they all look very ... useful . Not in the slightest . Somebody turn down the sun , please . Have you quite finished fannying about ? We have work to do . I am working . It 's called thinking . They help me think . I need to find out more about the Arena Club . Who 's a member , who 's a friend , who 's an enemy , and most important of all , what do they talk about behind all those closed doors ? I 'll tell you what they talk about ... Buying low , selling high , and gout . I want to plant listening devices in the club and let them incriminate themselves . Well , that sounds boring . You want something jazzier . Besides , that club is men only , remember ? And you 'll have complications pulling that off . My plan will have enough jazz for your liking , and believe me ... You won 't be bored . Come on . Who 's a good boy ? - Hey . - Howard 's a good boy . Give that back . Uh , just a second . - Chief ? - Yeah . Someone here to see you . Vernon ! It 's good to see you . Thanks for coming out to the coast on such short notice . How do you like it out here so far ? I wish I 'd packed my clubs . But I 'm guessing you didn 't call me out here for golf . You 've been briefed on the situation at Isodyne ? Just crossing the t 's on that report right now . It will be very uncontroversial . The spy , Wilkes ... He stole some sensitive material from the lab before he blew up the place . I 'm gonna need your help recovering it . Well , as far as I know , we 've recovered everything Wilkes stole from Isodyne . What kind of sensitive materials are we talking about ? Oh , you 'll know it when you see it . The SSR isn 't typically in the business of handing over key evidence . Come on , Jack . We talked about this . There are bigger fish than the SSR , and right now , they 're more concerned with a breach of national security than evidence protocol . How is the accident at Isodyne a breach of national security ? If the material that Wilkes stole falls into the wrong hands , it could be disastrous for the United States . Well ... If the SSR has it , it 's in the right hands . Don 't be a boy scout , Jack . I know you understand what I 'm saying . If I find anything ... I 'll let you know . You give me a call . We 'll do lunch . Apparently , that 's the sort of thing that goes on out here . You 'll find the majority of our membership hails from the Ivy league , of course ... Harvard , Yale , Princeton . Last month , we even admitted a gentleman from Brown . Heaven help us . Brown ... heaven help us , indeed . Our members ' median income hovers around ... Excuse me , Terry . Torrance . Yeah . That Martini ... It 's been about five minutes . Yes . Well , how many more minutes before I get it ? Perhaps I could render your busy bartender some assistance . I assure you , Leopold is quite capable ... Listen , Torrance , you got one hell of a building here . Unfortunately , what you got inside that building is duller than Sunday mass . Take my word for it ... It can get quite raucous . Why , just yesterday ... We had the monthly rehearsal of our very own barbershop quartet . I 'm sure if you met some of the gentlemen , you would have ... That 's the problem ... you 've got a surplus of gentlemen . Women are not allowed in the Arena Club . The great Eleanor Roosevelt herself was turned away at our threshold . Well , I 've seen old Ellie 's threshold . I believe you 've made the right choice . Nope . I 've got something different in mind . Jarvis . S-sir . Welcome to the Arena Club , ladies ! Now don 't ever say Howard Stark didn 't get completely behind the suffragettes . You 'll find the lounge through here and the pool table on the left . Anyone gives you any lip , tell them you 're with Terry there . Mr. Stark ! This way to the bar , ladies . No . No , no , no ! You are not allowed in here . Come on in . Don 't be shy . Hi , handsome . You must be Leopold . Allow me to show you how to make a Martini in a timely fashion . Security , we have a code pink . Thank you . I 'm sure it 's hard to see right now , but you just helped safeguard your country 's future . And your own . _ Get me security . I need Warshauer in the chambers now . I think we might have a breach . I don 't know . Just something ain 't right . Just get him down here . Hey , you ! You 're not supposed to be in here . Miss Wendy ! The powder room is that way . Oh ! I ... I 'm so sorry . I get really confused around books . Hmm . You know what , Terry ? I think I might 've been a little bit harsh on this place . You 're not half bad . Mr. Stark , it 's time to go . Actually , your club 's terrible , and I 'm never coming back . Come on , girls . Let 's go back to my pool and play watergiggles . This is a private club ... in America . You need a search warrant , probable cause . What part of " this case is closed " was unclear to you , Carter ? I told you there was a conspiracy afoot . The Arena Club is fabricating the future just the way that they fabricated the story about Dr. Wilkes . The newspapers I found are proof . The headline read " Anderson ankles election . " what the hell does that even mean ? It means he 's stepping down . I speak Hollywood now . The date on the newspaper is tomorrow 's date . They were gmng representative Anderson a warning ... " Resign willingly and we 'll play nice . Refuse and we 'll ruin your life . " either way , the results stay the same ... Calvin Chadwick wins a seat in the Senate . The arena club knows what 's happening tomorrow because they 're making it happen . Do you have any idea the can of worms you 're asking me to open ? Rigging an election is a serious accusation . All the more reason to listen to Peggy . Where are those newspapers ? I-I had to leave them behind . Well , of course you did . God forbid bringing me actual evidence . Hold on , Jack . If something comes up on one of Peggy 's bugs , we have all the evidence that we need . The bugs were destroyed . The club must have had some kind of countermeasure that shorted out all of Howard 's devices . So you 've got nothing ? Why are we even having this conversation ? ! Because we need to dig deeper into the Arena Club . It ain 't happening . They 're colluding to throw an election . They 've already smeared a man they tried to kill . God , you are so hell bent on clearing your pal Wilkes . I think your emotions are clouding your judgment . You 're being a coward ! Peggy . You are so afraid of ruffling powerful feathers that you 're doing what you always do ... Burying an ugly truth and hoping someone will pin a medal on you . You 're done here . Get on the next plane back to New York . If he thinks I 'm just gonna drop this , he has ... He 's not wrong . Are you on his side ? ! You know I 'm on your side . I believe you . But you 're kicking yourself so hard for what happened to Wilkes ... I got him killed , Daniel . He went into that lab of his own free will . He was a civilian , a rare bird trying to do right in the world , and I treated him like a soldier . All I 'm saying is , I think you 're on to something with the Arena Club , but if you keep acting like the lone ranger , I cannot help you . I 'm doing what needs to be done . If you are unwilling and unable to help ... Stop . Look . Peggy ... No , don 't touch me . I 've seen this before . This is a side effect of zero matter . If I 'm contaminated , then you mustn 't come anywhere near me . Well , we got to do something . I agree . Wow . That 's wild . But treatable , I hope . Oh . Damn . Should 've used the cheap stuff . We get it ... Stuff floats around her . Why ? And how ? Is she okay ? Everybody 's so impatient . You 're missing the obvious . Anybody ? The temperature around Peggy is approximately 7 degrees cooler than the rest of the room . Not unlike the lady in the lake . And the detective . And the medical examiner . That 's a constant . A good thing to have in an equation . But they all froze to death . Relax . You 're not freezing . You 're not contaminated with zero matter . Who can tell me how I know this ? Are you teaching a class ? Jarvis , you have a hypothesis ? There 's a disruption in the gravitational field - near Miss Carter . - Excellent . How do we get it to stop , professor ? I 've got an idea . Filmmaking isn 't art . It 's more than that . It 's science , which is why I 'm gonna beat these movie yahoos at their own game . Because of your boundless modesty ? Photography is the science of capturing light in its permanent form . When you capture that light , the image is still invisible . And that 's when the developing process comes in . You 're using silver nitrate . That 's what photographers use to bind images to celluloid . Come on . It 's the strategic scientific reserve . The silver nitrate ... creates a photosensitive coating which re-creates the captured image onto film . But Jarvis and I have been working on a new chemical solution . Mr. Stark 's process would make all invisible wavelengths ... Ultraviolet , X-ray , infrared ... Not just visible but recordable . If I can pull that off , I 'll make a fortune . Another fortune . You think your formula can make , well , this visible ? It exists . By definition , it must be observable . Ready to give it a go ? It 's working . Dr. Wilkes . Howard , what 's happened ? Why can 't I touch him ? He 's visible . He 's just not tangible . You can 't touch him any more than you can touch a light out of a projector . - Is he ultraviolet ? - He 's somewhere outside our visible spectrum . Interesting . Why can 't he talk ? Say " ahh . " I didn 't coat his vocal cords . Now I have , may have enough mass to create an audible frequency when they vibrate . - Are you all right ? - I think I 'm gonna throw up . It 's not that bad . Am I dead ? We thought so , but apparently not . Oh . Good . Good . I 've been shadowing you since last night , trying to get you to notice me . Well , I was hoping my formula would create more than a visible presence . I must have fallen short . Can we make him whole again ? I don 't know . Thank you for getting me this far . Dr. Wilkes , do you remember what happened to you the other night at Isodyne Energy ? Yeah . I-I-in the lab , I ... I was going for the zero matter sample , a-and Whitney Frost showed up . Whitney Frost , the actress ? And wife of Calvin Chadwick , senatorial candidate and owner of Isodyne Energy . What was she doing there ? The same thing I was doing ... She wanted zero matter . She had a gun . She said that she knew more about zero matter than I did . She grabbed for it , and it fell . Boom . So she was caught up in the explosion , as well . I was closer , so I took the brunt of the explosion . Howard ! The emulsion must be wearing off . I didn 't think he 'd shed it so quick , but the Brownian motion ... Fix him ! It 's all right , Dr. Wilkes . You stay right there . We 'll ... We 'll figure this out . From the pharmacy , get me some saline solution and some sterilized water . From the lab , get me some silver halide and some ammonium thiosulfate . And pick up any heavy metal you can find , just in case . Oh , and from the market , get me some of that cheese I like . You know , what is it ? That ... that yellow one . Uh ... Velveeta . Velveeta . I 'll get two bricks . That 's quite a spring in your step , Jarvis . You and Peggy make a great team . I 'm happy to help out Miss Carter in any way I can . You just make sure you let me know if I 'm gonna need to find myself a new butler . I 'm more than happy in my position , sir . I know . I 'm great . But so is she . Is there anything we can do to help ? Unless you can improve on my formula or make it permanent , then , no , you can 't . I 'm gonna stay up day and night to figure this out for you , Peg . I know how important it is for you . Dr. Wilkes is a crucial part of my investigation . Of course . And he 's a good man who 's in over his head because of me . He deserves a better fate than this . Well , then , there 's no time to lose . I 'm off . Can I do fondue with that cheese ? You can 't do anything . We should get back to work . I 'm persona non grata at the SSR at the moment . I could use your help finding out what Whitney frost wants with zero matter and how she purports to know so much about it . You think she survived the explosion ? I assume so . If a movie star had the sniffles , we 'd know about it , let alone being blown up in a laboratory accident . I 'll do some digging into her . What are you gonna do ? I 'm going to poke the bear . Miss Frost ? Peggy Carter . Do you have a moment ? Of course . And it 's Agent Carter , isn 't it ? Yes , we met at the racetrack , but we were never properly introduced . I must admit , I was a little star struck . I 've never met a famous movie star before . Oh , please . We 're just like everybody else . We put our pearls on one strand at a time . And they are just letting anyone waltz onto the studio lot these days . I find being polite and asking nicely opens many doors . Oh , I 'm sure it does . Actually , I wanted to ask you about the incident at Isodyne . It was horrible . It 's just horrible what happened to , uh ... Mr. Wilson . Wilkes ... Dr. Wilkes . Did you know he was a Communist ? I can 't say that I did . I guess he fooled all of us . Isn 't it incredible to think one of them could just infiltrate a secure lab ? What do you know of Isodyne 's work ? Not a thing . Oh , please . The thought of my husband 's work gives me a terrible migraine . But you were there the night of the explosion . A security guard saw you at the lab just before the accident . Well , he made a mistake . Let 's see . I left Cal 's office at 9 : 00 , security goes home at 10 : 00 . I think the newspaper said the explosion happened sometime after midnight ? Papers are in the business of selling papers . Finding facts isn 't always their top priority . Truer words , Agent Carter . You know , last week , the press said that I was involved in a torrid love affair with Cary Grant . I should be so lucky . Well , that 's why I trust my instincts . They 're more reliable than what I 'm told to believe . And what are your instincts telling you now ? That things aren 't what they seem . Yes . Miss Frost , we 're ready for you , sweetheart . Okay . Well , duty calls , Agent Carter . If you 'll excuse me . You look great . Oh , thank you . This what you 're looking for ? Did you watch it ? If Rita Hayworth 's not in it , I 'm not interested . You 're doing the right thing , Jack . I trust you . No one will remember this meeting when the history books are written , but I will . If it was up to me , you 'd get a medal for this . You 're doing a great service for the United States . That 's all I ever wanted to do . _ Lambda is given by Planck 's constant , divided by MC ... Except we can 't calculate " M " without an accurate reading of your mass . No mass , no wavelength . Hey , Peg . You 're back . Yeah , and he 's good . Stark Industries good . Excellent news . Chances are , he 'll need a job once he regains his corporeal self . If he regains his corporeal self . We 'll get there . I just need to stay alert . Coffee . Who wants a coffee ? Maybe Irish coffee . Jarvis , where 's the coffee around here ? ! " If he regains himself ? " this is ... I have no idea what this is , a-and I don 't know if I can fix it . You 're in the best hands imaginable . You really think Stark can fix me ? I meant your hands . That 's kind of you . In a very short space of time , you 've managed to do what very few have done . You 've impressed Howard Stark . And you 've impressed me . You don 't even know me that well . I 'm an excellent judge of character . Couldn 't find any coffee . You 're here late . Yeah , early bird 's got nothing on the night owl . Let 's see what you have here . Agnes Cully , Broxton , Oklahoma ... Sounds interesting . Almost sorry I ... pulled Carter away from all the fun . I 'm sure you two have plenty of excitement waiting for you back in New York . Yeah . She 's still a pistol . You two seem to have patched up whatever it was that sent you packing out west . The only thing that brought me out west was a promotion , Jack . You sure it wasn 't a broken heart ? I don 't know where you get your ideas . As a matter of fact , I 'm getting engaged . You 're kidding me . Really ? Yeah . Good for you . Thank you . Why don 't you wrap this up , and I 'll buy you a drink . You can tell me all about her . Uh , sorry , Jack . A Chief 's work is never done . - You know how it is . - Come on . Oklahoma can wait . You can show me that Frolic Room Bar I keep hearing about . Next time . Yeah , uh ... You 're on . Next time it will be . Take care of yourself , Sousa . Safe flight . Nice shirt . And then I thought she was just gonna pull out a pair of handcuffs and arrest me on the spot . Are you listening ? No , I 'm listening . Peggy Carter , who does she think she is , handcuffs ... We have to do something about her , Cal . She 's not gonna just go away . I got some friends in the war department . I will call first thing and make sure she doesn 't bother us anymore . No ! No . Official channels are not gonna cut it . I know women like her . What do you want me to do ? I want you to let Mr. Hunt take care of her . I can 't do that . We 've already had enough run-ins with the Feds to last us all year . She scares me . Look , it 's okay . - No . - We 'll think of something . No , it 's not okay , ' cause you weren 't there . And you don 't understand . She threatened me . What did she say ? She said she knew about Wilkes , what we did . She is dangerous . Sweetheart , calm down . It 's okay . She 's using me to get to you . And when she does , I can 't ... I would just hate if this caught the council 's attention . I 'll take care of it . You 'll call Mr. Hunt . I 'll do it right now . I 'm turning in for the evening , Miss Carter . Good night . Good night , Mr. Jarvis . Are you certain it 's such a good idea to be exercising this late at night ? I find an evening workout is the best way to release the frustrations of a given day . Yes , I see . I 'm sorry you found the day so disheartening . Is there anything I might do to help ? Nothing ... Comes to mind . If you need a sparring partner ... I 'm sure Mr. Stark would be more than happy to hire one for you . I 'm fine , Mr. Jarvis . Well ... Good night . Good night . Ah ! Miss Carter , are you all right ? _ Well , good morning , Mr. Jarvis . Miss Carter . How are you feeling this morning ? Reinvigorated . How 's the , um ... Less painful when I remember we 're on the right track . Whitney Frost acted rashly , and I will not make the same mistake . What 's all this ? Oh , um , improved security measures . Mr. Stark spent the wee small hours bolstering the estate 's alarms to ensure that we won 't be caught unawares again . Behold . Warning ... you are not authorized to access this area . Terrifying . It 's a temporary measure . I 've no desire to spend the rest of time as a disembodied voice . Run me through it one more time . Okay . Why don 't we take a break ? Peg , you 're up . - Have you slept ? - Nope . No sleep . Coffee . Perhaps a little nap . I 'll do that on the plane to Peru . Uh , you 're what the where now ? Peru . The country . Jason and I realized we need an expert in subatomic and gravitational physics . And there 's no greater expert in the world than my old professor , Abner Brody . Unfortunately , he took his brain with him when he relocated to the Amazon last year . I 've heard of Brody . There 's no one better . You crunch the math . The lab is yours till I get back . Anything you need , Jarvis is your man . I 'll be back as soon as I can . Where 's my passport ? I take it you had an interesting night . That man is a menace . A genius , but no doubt a danger to himself and others . As he 's proven time and again , but he 's all right . He 's more than all right . He invited me ... a-a stranger ... Into his home without a second of equivocation . You know how many people would do that ? He 's a good friend . I 'm sorry you met under such unpleasant circumstances . I shouldn 't have asked you to go into the lab in the first place . You mean my lab , to retrieve my work . Who else was supposed to do it ? Well , nevertheless , I am sorry you got hurt . I know . But better me than you . Which is why I can 't stay here . " Can 't stay here " ? Are you mad ? Someone tried to kill me , and now they 're trying to kill you . I 'm removing myself from the equation before anyone gets hurt . If you remove yourself from the people trying to protect you , you 're as good as dead . Do you think you would 've made it out of the Griffith Park Observatory without me ? I can hold my own . Oh , don 't be a ninny . You need us . And we need you . If Whitney Frost is an expert on zero matter , as she claims , you 're our best asset against her . Miss Carter ... You 're not going anywhere . And it 's Peggy . Peggy , I 'm not going anywhere . Good . I 'm glad you saw reason . No , I didn 't see reason . I still think I 'm putting all of you in danger . But you don 't want me to leave , so that 's reason enough for me to stay . Very well . Wow . Usually got to go all the way to France to get a hickey like that . Does it hurt ? Hopefully not as much as the bullet hole I put in my assailant 's hand . You sure you don 't want a security detail ? I want to go back to work . I thought you were on your way back to New York with Thompson today . I thought I 'd miss that flight . Did you find anything in your research ? Yeah , did some digging into Isodyne and hit pay dirt on their secret weapon ... An okie named Agnes Cully , kind of like the Heartland 's Marie Curie . These are patents . She was an inventor ? And then some . Her work put Isodyne on the map during the war . You know the radio frequency modulators the allies used to send coded messages across enemy lines ? Rotating the frequencies was her idea . What has she got to do with our case ? Peggy Carter , meet Agnes Cully . " Whitney Frost " is her stage name . America 's sweetheart is the brains behind Isodyne Energy . Every eye in the country is on her , and no one sees her . How much time do you have ? Uh , plane leaves in a little bit over an hour . Plenty of time . I know you had a tough call to make yesterday , and I just want you to know how much I appreciate the faith that you put in me . If you 're happy , I 'm happy . My pops will be glad to hear we 're working together . Great . And everybody 's happy , especially your new best friend . Jack Thompson , meet Calvin Chadwick . Jack , it 's great to meet you , pal . I can 't tell you how much everyone at Isodyne appreciates your help . It 's been a hell of a week . Well , my pleasure , Mr. Chadwick . Oh , you can call him Calvin . Although you might want to get used to calling him Senator Chadwick . Here 's to the youngest member of the Arena Club , running for Senate unopposed . Who could 've seen this coming ? Congratulations . Miss Frost , you got a minute ? Of course . Come in . Listen , I just got off the phone with the studio . Is everything all right ? There 's no easy way to say this . They want to replace you . What ? They 're looking for a fresh face . Someone younger ? I-I told them I would walk if they fired you . I told them nobody treats my star that way . They folded . - Yes . - Oh , my God . Thank you . You 're my girl . I 'll always take care of you . Oh , Ken ... Thank you . Truly , thank you so much . You are so beautiful . Ken ... Ken , no . What is that ? - Nothing . - That is not nothing . - What happened to your face ? - It 's nothing . - That is not nothing ! - Wait . Wait ! Oh , my God ! Aah !
