 Previously on " Agent Carter " ... Carter : A woman from your lab died , and two of my men were killed to hide the evidence . I had nothing to do with that . Best way to explain is to show you . Only one thing was left behind ... zero matter . Tonight , we 'll clear out the laboratory . Carter : We need to get to your lab to retrieve the research and the zero matter . Whitney Frost ? Now hand it over . ♪ Run . Sousa : Dr. Wilkes ? Carter : He didn 't make it . ♪ [ Chatter ] Man : Is Dr. Wilkes a suspect in the explosion at Isodyne ? Woman : Why did he do it ? Was it a personal vendetta ? What was Isodyne working on in the lab ? Is there a danger of radiation ? Vega , clear a perimeter . No press for a hundred yards . - How you holding up ? - I 'm fine . How goes the search ? Slow going . Dr. Wilkes brought a lot of work home . Anything regarding Isodyne 's work on zero matter ? Nothing that would explain why a bunch of gorillas were shooting at you last night . They were shooting at Dr. Wilkes . They wanted him killed . I suppose I did their job for them . You know what happened at the lab was an accident . Nevertheless , Dr. Wilkes is dead , and the only lead that we have in the case is a tie pin , the same kind that Dottie Underwood tried to steal in New York . I called Thompson when I got back into the office . Haven 't heard back yet . I doubt he 'd call to report his lack of progress . [ Floorboard creaks ] [ Foot thuds , floorboard creaks ] Do you hear that ? - It 's hollow . - [ Grunts ] ♪ [ Whistles ] There must be 50 grand in here . Plane ticket to Moscow , one way . And a Russian passport . Why would Wilkes have a Russian passport ? Maybe because he 's a Russian spy . Do you have any evidence to support that preposterous theory , Agent Baker ? Found this under his mattress . Tokarev TT-33 . Same gun that was used to kill the agents moving Jane Scott 's body . Baker : Your pal Wilkes wasn 't just a spy . He killed two of our guys . A spy who hides every bit of incriminating evidence in one easily discovered place ? I don 't believe it for one moment . You think someone planted all this ? I think Isodyne is trying to frame Dr. Wilkes and they want us to do their dirty work . [ Spurs clanking ] [ Woman crying ] End of the line , Colt . Ain 't nowhere else for you to hide . I own this town . Tough talk , Sheriff . Now draw ! Howard : Hold it ! You 're in the shot ! [ Horse neighs ] Still in the shot . Cut ! [ Bell rings ] That 's lunch ! One hour , everybody . Woman : Mr. Stark , we have rushes for you to look at . I always thought you should be in pictures , Peg . What do you say ? Arlene French called in drunk . You want to play a sassy beer wench ? - I 'd rather be the cowboy . - I like it . I don 't think the audience is ready yet . But they 're ready for a movie based on a comic book . Sounds like a dreadful idea . I 'll have you know , this is a historical drama . Kid Colt was a real person . And if it fails , there will be a substantial write-off come tax season . Sorry I missed you last night . We wrapped late . And Irene Dunne and I wrapped even later . Do you have time to talk about the real world for a moment ? Unbelievable . That rift snuffed out an atomic explosion like a match . You got a blockbuster flick on your hands , Peg . You have any idea what could do that ? Zero matter , or at least that 's what Dr. Wilkes thought . I was hoping you 'd have some answers . Well , that kind of power doesn 't exist in the natural world . This zero matter stuff ... This could be the greatest find of the century . Well , apparently , it 's important enough for Isodyne to fabricate a story about Dr. Wilkes being a Communist . Howard : You know , that 's an easy enough setup . He 's already a target ' cause of the color of his skin . I won 't let them tarnish Dr. Wilkes ' name like this . Wilkes was a member of the Arena Club ? - Is that what that pin is from ? - Yeah . And I 'm amazed they allowed him to be a member . They keep their ranks male and pale . Jarvis here isn 't even white enough for them . Please . I 'm 1 / 16 Turkish . What kind of organization is it ? Howard : Social club . For L.A. ' s silver spoon crowd since 1906 . The influential , the powerful , the reptilia and the rodentia . The Arena Club is where they all congregate . Jarvis : They 've been trying unsuccessfully to recruit Mr. Stark for years . I 'm not a joiner . - Women aren 't allowed . - Well , there 's that , too . That pin belonged to one of the men that tried to kill me last night , and Dottie Underwood tried to steal one just like it back in New York . Who is Dottie Underwood ? She kidnapped you . ♪ At gunpoint , not long ago . ♪ You were wearing your brown mohair jacket . The Russian knockout with the killer backhand . A Soviet spy in an old-boys club ? What the hell have you gotten yourself into , Peg ? Carter : I don 't know . But at least I know where to start looking . ♪ [ Door opens ] [ Chadwick clears throat ] Oh ! You scared the life out of me . Front page above the fold . Hmm ? You were right , the Commie angle was perfect . Cops didn 't doubt our story for a minute . Well , you 're the one that sold it . I 'm not the only actor in the house , hmm ? Why aren 't you at work ? Oh , I was ... I wasn 't feeling well this morning . I ... Chadwick : Oh , you okay ? Oh , yes . [ Chuckles ] - I 'm better now . - Good . I 'm gonna pull the ' 39 Moet out of the cellar . Cal . What if I told you I wanted to retire from acting ? You mean after the election , right ? I 'd hate for anything to overshadow the campaign now . No . Of course . Of course . It was just idle thoughts , and ... [ Chuckles ] Well , when ... We win this thing and move to Washington , you can retire and have all the babies you want . [ Chuckles ] Mm . That sounds wonderful . ♪ How did they get this ? We haven 't even released a statement yet . Isodyne desperately wants the world to believe that Jason Wilkes is a Communist . And they have friends at the Times . Well ... Look who finally decided to show up for work . - Jack , what ... - An appalling surprise . I missed you too , Marge . What are you doing here ? Hey . I had some business in town . Figured I 'd drop by and clean up another one of your messes . Is that what you think you do ? Your incident report from the accident at Isodyne ... I fixed a couple of details . " I chased the Russian spy into the lab but couldn 't apprehend him before he set off an explosion . " This is rubbish . This is covering your behind , Carter . I 'm not filing a report about you running around Hollywood with this guy . People might get the wrong idea . And what idea is that ? That you 're a Communist . The only Communist I know is Dottie Underwood . Have you gotten one iota of information out of her yet ? Or is she still rearranging the office furniture atop your sternum ? Don 't worry about things that don 't concern you , Carter . She was stealing from the very organization that we are investigating . And that investigation is concluded . - Your John Hancock , please . - I 'm not signing my name to that . Fine . You don 't need to . You can 't do that , Jack . She was acting as a part of my investigation . On loan from my office . Isodyne is using Wilkes as a patsy . They found something so dangerous , it destroyed their own lab . Now they 're pretending it never happened . If only you could prove that . Watch the Isodyne film . See for yourself what they 're hiding . I already read the book , and it stunk . The case is closed . [ Scoffs ] I 'd forgotten what a pleasure it was to work with you . ♪ Carter : Can 't believe this . Absolutely ridiculous man . It 's nearly 10 : 00 . Does Howard know that I 'm waiting on him ? Take a number , honey . And , um , who are these people , please ? According to the accountants , production assistants . I see . Well , they all look very ... useful . Not in the slightest . Somebody turn down the sun , please . Have you quite finished fannying about ? We have work to do . I am working . It 's called thinking . They help me think . I need to find out more about the Arena Club . Who 's a member , who 's a friend , who 's an enemy , and most important of all , what do they talk about behind all those closed doors ? I 'll tell you what they talk about ... Buying low , selling high , and gout . I want to plant listening devices in the club and let them incriminate themselves . Well , that sounds boring . You want something jazzier . Besides , that club is men only , remember ?
