 My name is Fox Mulder . Since my childhood , I have been obsessed by a controversial global phenomenon . Since my sister disappeared when I was 12 years old ... in what I believe was an alien abduction . My obsession took me to the FBI , where I investigated paranormal science cases through the auspices of a unit known as the X-Files . Through this unit , I could continue my work on the alien phenomenon , and the search for my missing sister . In 1993 , the FBI sought to impugn my work , bringing in a scientist and medical doctor to debunk it ... which only deepened my obsession for the better part of a decade , during which time that agent , Dana Scully , had her own faith tested . In 2002 , in a change of direction and policy , the FBI closed the X-Files , and our investigation ceased . But my personal obsession did not . There are 10,000 sightings each year in North America alone , and so it 's been since the dawn of time ... Stone Age and even biblical references into our modern age . In 1947 , Kenneth Arnold saw nine unidentified craft out the window of his small plane , followed by the historic crash at Roswell and its legendary cover-up . In 1957 , UFOs were spotted over our nation 's capital . The Pentagon held press briefings . Multiple witnesses in 1967 at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana see fighters scramble but easily outrun by UFOs that climb upwards of 200,000 feet , twice the service ceiling of our highest-flying spy planes . Dr. Edgar Mitchell , the sixth man to walk on the Moon , cites secret studies on extraterrestrial materials and bodies . Secretary of State Cyrus Vance and future president Gerald R. Ford validate the UFO phenomenon in official government memoranda . But now people only laugh , and only Roswell is remembered . But we must ask ourselves ... are they really a hoax ? Are we truly alone ? Or are we being lied to ? THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE HIGH DESERT NORTHWESTERN NEW MEXICO 1947 Can I ask how much longer ? Two shakes of a lamb 's tail , Doc . Step quick . OUR LADY OF SORROWS HOSPITAL WASHINGTON , D.C. Excuse me . - Dr. Scully ? - Yes . You have a phone call . I 'm just heading into surgery . That 's what I told him , but ... but he said it was important . Who is it ? He says his name is Walter Skinner , Assistant Director , FBI . If I was the president , the moment I was inaugurated , my hand would still be hot from touching the Bible , and I would immediately race to ... wherever they hold ... have the files about Area 51 and UFOs , and I 'd go through everything to find out what happened . The aliens won 't let it happen . My life 's become a punch line . What 's happening out there , Scully ? A.D. Skinner 's looking for you . Why doesn 't he just call me ? He doesn 't know how to reach you , Mulder . - I barely know how myself . - What does he want , Scully ? He wants to know if you 've been watching someone called Tad O 'Malley on the Net ... apparently , - he 's reached out to us from the FBI . - Hold on . I 'm bringing him up . It comes down to this . It 's a mainstream liberal media lying to you about life , liberty and your God-given right to bear firearms . Why would I watch this jackass , Scully ? 9 / 11 was a false flag operation . It was a warm-up to World War III . Now , hear me on this . It 's all part of a conspiracy dating back to the UFO crash at Roswell ... I thought you were done with UFOs . The stranglehold they put on your very existence , I believe is how you put it . I 'm just the messenger , Mulder . Apparently this guy is desperate to meet . Tell Skinner to set it up . Seriously ? And don 't pretend I 'm going alone . DOWNTOWN WASHINGTON , D.C. Uber ? Hitchhiked . Relax , Scully . I 'm kidding . - I just worry about you , Mulder . - Not to worry , Doc . I 'm taking good care of myself . It 's good for you to get out of that little house every once in a while . It certainly was good for you . I 'm always happy to see you . And I 'm always happy to find a reason . - Fox Mulder ? - Yes . Tad O 'Malley . And you must be former agent Dana Scully . Yes . That 's ... quite an entrance you make there . She shot men with less provocation . Funny . I heard you were funny . Join me for a little ride ? I 'd be happy to talk to you , Mr. O 'Malley , but right here is fine . Allow me my small precautions . Low-flying aircraft often employ what they call " dirtboxes " to record conversations that I prefer private . Aircraft employed by whom ? I 'm afraid I can only speculate . Shall we ? Because ... why not ? None for me , thanks . Scully ? I take it you have enemies . Well , not always of my choosing , Dana . Air 's getting a little hot in here . Oh , I 'm sorry ... those don 't roll down . I had the vehicle bulletproofed . 'Cause you never know when a gun-toting liberal might go Hinckley . You 'll have to excuse him . How can we help you , Mr. O 'Malley ? I 'm not some Johnny-come-lately to the UFO phenomenon , Mr. Mulder . Like yourself , I 'm a true believer . No , I only want to believe . Actual proof has been strangely hard to come by . You ran the X-Files . You were the X-Files . You all but wrote the book . I 'm afraid that book is closed . As are the X-Files . For better or worse , we 've ... moved on with our lives . Yes , we have . For better or for worse . Well , that 's beside the point . What is the point , Mr. O 'Malley ? And how does a man with your conservative credentials count himself a believer in UFOs and 9 / 11 false flag conspiracies ? I take it you think my message is disingenuous . Conspiracy sells ... it pays for bulletproof limousines . You think I do it for the ratings ? I think you 're The O 'Reilly Factor with a shopworn little gimmick . What Bill O 'Reilly knows about the truth could fill an eyedropper . The Kelly Cahill incident . Kelly Cahill and her husband were driving home in Victoria , Australia , when a craft appeared overhead . The Cahills lost an hour of time , and Kelly was hospitalized with severe stomach pain after discovering a triangle-shaped mark near her navel . As I said ... my interest is real . What I need is your expertise . Our expertise for what ? I 'm rattling some pretty big cages in the intelligence community , but I 'm prepared to go all in ... prepared to blow open maybe the most evil conspiracy the world has ever known . That 's quite an assertion , Mr. O 'Malley . What 's stopping you ? If I 'm putting my ass out there , I need to know it 's hanging by more than just a very slender thread . Apparently , he has something to show us . Something ... and someone . LOW MOOR , VIRGINIA Aliens couldn 't find this place . How did you , Mr. O 'Malley ? A man in my position finds himself contacted by interesting strangers . Everyone , meet Sveta . Sveta , this is Dana Scully - and Fox Mulder . - Hi . - Hi . - Hello . Welcome to my home . Sveta 's who suggested I call you . And how would you know to do that ? You probably don 't recognize me . No , I think I 'd remember . You interviewed me and my family when I was just a little girl . Right after my first abduction . Please , come in . These are from over 20 years . You both probably recognize the classic scoop-mark scars . How many times have you been abducted , Sveta ? I lost count . And then there are the screen memories they implant . The memories implanted over actual memories to make abductees forget . I 'm familiar with the syndrome . They aren 't always effective , and things come back to me sometimes . Like what kind of things ? Tests they do . Harvesting and stuff . The aliens made you pregnant ? A number of times . But they take the babies before they 're born . Those are the memories they can 't remove . They removed your unborn fetuses ? Through here . They do everything through here . Even with the DNA . Tell them about your DNA , Sveta . I have alien DNA . For sure . Have you had a doctor confirm that ? No . Something you could test ? Dana ? Oh , Lord . Oh , good Lord . Damn thing could be dangerous . What are you doing ? ! For God 's sake , what have you done ? I 'm gonna take a swab . OUR LADY OF SORROWS HOSPITAL If you 'll roll up your sleeve , I 'll get some blood , too . I know you 're doubtful about this . What makes you say that , Sveta ? I 'm kind of a mind reader . Is that a personal trait , or is that what happens with alien DNA ? I can move things . With my mind . Would you care to demonstrate ? I can 't do it all the time . So it just ... happens whenever . I don 't know how to control it . You were a couple before . I 'm sorry , what ? You and Mr. Mulder . You were together , but now you 're not . You reading my mind , Sveta ? He 's been depressed . What you diagnosed as endogenous depression . It 's what killed your relationship . And you have a child together . That 's enough . Do you believe me now ? Why don 't you tell me . You don 't know what it 's like to be abducted . To be taken against your will . You don 't know . Well ... maybe you do . I was right about one thing . Conspiracy 's made you a very rich man . One way to look at it . What 's made me rich is my pursuit of the truth . My pursuit 's not been so lucrative . I feel I need to warn you . When we arrive at our destination , the people we 're meeting are very paranoid about the work they do . I want to prepare you for what you 're about to see , Mr. Mulder . A Faraday cage ? For what ? Do you know what an ARV is ? That 's what you brought me here to see ? This is Garner . He 'll walk you through the science . That 's an alien replica vehicle ? Given your background , I would 've thought - you 'd seen one before . - No , never . Not like that . What we 're showing you we do at great risk . Colleagues have had labs burned to the ground and work destroyed by our own government . It 's running on toroidal energy , so-called zero-point energy . Simply the energy of the universe . You 're talking about free energy ? That we 've had since the ' 40s . No fuel , no flame , no combustion . A simple electromagnetic field . Technology kept secret for 70 years while the world ran on petroleum . - Oil companies making trillions . - What I 'm gonna show you next is the most unbelievable part . Gravity warp drive ... but how ? Element 115 . Ununpentium . Where did you get it ? Where are you going with that thing ? I 'm a man of medicine , sir . It 's dead . It 's done now . Then why even bring me out here ? Testing yourself for alien DNA ? High cholesterol . Sorry to barge in on you like this . It looks like you 've had quite a day . The usual around here . Doesn 't look so usual to me . It 's a disease called Microtia . Children born without ears . You operate on these kids ? I assist the surgeons , who are really doing God 's work . Giving kids what their biology neglected . So it 's a genetic deformity ? Possibly , but not conclusively . It 's most common in Navajo Indians . What 's so striking is how alien it looks . I assure you that is simply a random coincidence , Mr. O 'Malley . You mean , unrelated to your previous work experience ? Far , far from that experience . Do you miss it at all ? The X-Files ? As a scientist , it was probably some of the most intense and challenging work I 've ever done . I 've never felt so alive . You mean working with Mulder ? Possibly one of the most intense and challenging relationships I may ever have . And , quite honestly , the most impossible . Yeah . I got that impression . Are you here for a reason ? I needed to know you weren 't upset by Mulder putting you on the spot with this Sveta business . No , it 's fine . I 'm ... used to it . And I just wanted to see you again . How did you get here ? Hitchhiked . There was a moment you were being asked about your abductions ... about your pregnancies , how the aliens took your babies ... and before you answered , you looked at O 'Malley . Why ? Because it 's not exactly the right question . I 'm sorry , I don 't understand . Because I don 't believe it 's aliens who were taking them . But you said you were abducted . This is difficult . These are very difficult memories , and this is ... very dangerous answers . Well , everything stays between us , Sveta . The things I 've experienced ... they 've affected my entire life . They 've made it impossible to have anything like a normal existence . What are you afraid of ? That it only gets worse . Sveta , who took your babies ? Men . Men ? Humans ? You saw their faces ? Yes . They took me aboard their ships . And ... I was afraid they would kill me if I ever told anyone the truth . It 's why you didn 't see a doctor . Who can I trust ? They would call me a liar when they 're the liars . You can trust me . You worked for the government . Technically , but not for years . But you always wondered . If they weren 't lying to you , too . MULDER TAP TO ANSWER Mulder . Scully , listen to me . I 've been misled . We 've been misled . Mulder , hold on a second . No , just-just listen to what I 'm saying . What if everything we 've been led to believe in is a lie ? What if there is no alien conspiracy ? Can we pull over a second ? I 've got to get out . Mulder , what are you talking about ? I 'm talking about everything we 've been led to believe . Our work , the X-files , everything . Can we talk about this soon ? I know why O 'Malley came to us , Scully . And that girl is the key , Scully . Sveta is the key to everything . Couldn 't you be jumping to conclusions ? I can 't do this over the phone right now , Scully . I got to go . Mulder , where are you going ? Mulder ? Talk to me . FBI HEADQUARTERS WASHINGTON , D.C Where are they ... the files ? I don 't know where they are . You said no one had been down here , it hadn 't been touched . Not for 14 years since you and Scully left the Bureau . I need access to the X-Files . Can you tell me what this is about ? It 's about controlling the past to control the future . It 's about fiction masquerading as fact . Now , you owe me some answers , Skinner . You just calm the hell down , Mulder , before we both get pissed off . I don 't take orders from you . No . Who do you take orders from ? Why do you think I called you ? Because I was looking out for you , like I 've always looked out for you . A decade of my life in this office . And all the time , I was being led by my nose through a dark alley to a dead end , exactly as they planned . You 're blaming me for that ? No , I 'm blaming myself . I 'm sure they lied to you , too . There hasn 't been a day since you left that I haven 't reached for my phone to call you , Mulder , wishing that you were still down here . Since 9 / 11 , this country has taken a big turn in a very strange direction . How they police us and spy on us , tell us that makes us safer ? We 've never been in more danger . Then do something about it , Mulder . Now you 've got my number . So if you own a registered firearm , you will actually be targeted as an enemy by your own government in the likely imposition of martial law . But I 'd like to end the show on a brighter note by pointing out the heroic work being done by a friend of mine . Literally putting kids back together who are born without something we all take for granted . At Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital in Washington , D.C. , Dr. Dana Scully , working to mend the lives of unfortunate children . Dr. Scully ? I 've got your test results back . Thank you . Nurse ? I need you to do something . Of course . I need these samples retested . Was there a problem with them ? Dr. Scully ? We need you in here . I just want them retested , please . Thank you . Oh . And I 'm expecting a call ... well , I 'm hoping for a call ... from somebody named Mulder . NATIONAL MALL WASHINGTON , D.C. Is the hour absolutely necessary ? It was important that I see you . We made an agreement about our meeting in unsecured environments . I took the usual precautions . I 'm assuming you did , too . I 've been standing here for over an hour . I haven 't seen a soul . I called you because you said , if I ever put the pieces together , that you would confirm . And have you put them together ? I 've met someone , I 've seen something . 'Cause you weren 't even close . Warring aliens lighting each other on fire and other such nonsense . I was being cleverly manipulated . And what brings this new clarity ? I saw an ARV running on free energy . I saw it disappear . That 's what they all seem to do . But the technology exists . It 's existed since Roswell . And it 's been in use , being used on humans in human testing , the taking of men , women and children that 's misreported as alien abductions . - So you believe you have the how . - Yes . And I think I know the why . The why is more complicated than you may ever know , Mr. Mulder . 60 years ago , we were warned about the military industrial complex gathering too much power . This is old news . The countdown has begun . It began in 2012 , but no one knew . Tell me something new . Alien technology being used against us , not by aliens , not with aliens , but by a venal conspiracy of men against humanity . You 're wasting my time . What are the tests for ? You tell me , Mr. Mulder . Ten years ago , you came to me saying you couldn 't take your secrets to your grave , that you couldn 't live with it . I 'm a man of medicine . I didn 't know how my work would be used . The lies are so great , Mr. Mulder . The truth must be unassailable . So let me tell the world . They 'll make a mockery of us . Then let me take that bullet . And these men are capable of that . You 're nearly there . You 're close . Roswell . That was a smokescreen . So I 've been told . What are you doing here , Scully ? Mulder , you hang up on me , I don 't hear from you all day , you 're on some jag about the X-Files . I figured it out . It all makes complete sense . All these years , we 've been deceived . I don 't know what you mean . I ... I couldn 't call you because it 's gonna sound crazy . That 's why I 'm here , Mulder , as somebody who cares about you . - As somebody who 's worried about you . - All right , just listen to me , all right ? No , you listen to me , Mulder . Scully , you got to trust me on this . I have seen this before . You 're on fire , believing that you 're onto some truth , that you can save the world . This will finally be their undoing . It 'll be your undoing , Mulder . This is my life . This is everything . This is everything I believe in . You want to believe . You so badly want to believe . I do believe . I believe that Tad O 'Malley is right . This is not an alien conspiracy . It 's a conspiracy of men . Tad O 'Malley is a charming man full of charming BS , Mulder . No , he woke me up . How do you know he 's not playing you ? - He 's a player . - He 's been a godsend . What are you talking about ? The truth is out there , Scully , and Tad O 'Malley 's gonna broadcast it . Mulder ... listen to me . As your friend and as a physician , you are on dangerous ground here . I know what I 'm doing . Is everything okay ? Yeah , everything is okay . She 's the key to everything . Sveta ... is the key . You know what you 're doing . Scully ... Hey . Where you going ? You 're not leaving , are you ? I just need to get out of here . Stay . It 's important . Don 't tell me what 's important , please . I just need to leave . Wasn 't she invited ? I would have invited you , Scully , but I didn 't think you 'd come . I shouldn 't have come . Then what are you doing here ? Mulder , what are you up to ? The tentacles reach far back into the last century , but it wasn 't until victories in Europe and Japan and the onset of the Cold War that political and economic conditions became perfect for actual execution . A conspiracy bigger and more secret than the Manhattan Project . More odious and far-reaching . No sooner had we defeated Germany than a new threat started appearing in skies over America , drawn to Earth by the latest threat to extinction : the H-bomb . Explosions acting as transducers , drawing alien life forms through wormholes in spaceships using electrogravitic propulsion . Advanced extraterrestrial species visiting us , concerned for mankind and the threat of our self-destruction , forestalling our annihilation through their own self-sacrifice . The crashes at Roswell . More importantly , places like Aztec . World leaders signed secret memos directing scientific studies of alien technology and biochemistry . Classified studies were done at military installations S4 , Groom Lake , Wright-Patterson and Dulce , extracting alien tissue . Tests were done on unsuspecting human subjects in elaborately staged abductions , in craft using alien technology recovered from the downed saucers ... including human hybridization through gene editing and forced implantation of alien embryos . Why do such a thing and lie about it ... our own government ? Your own government lies as a matter of course , as a matter of policy ... the Tuskegee experiments on black men in the '30s ; Henrietta Lacks . What are they trying to do ? That 's the missing piece . But it 's not hard to imagine ... a government hiding , hoarding ... alien technology for 70 years , at the expense of human life and the future of the planet . Driven not only by corporate greed , but ... a darker objective . The takeover of America . And then the world itself , by any means necessary , however violent ... or cruel ... or efficient . By severe drought brought on by weather wars conducted secretly using aerial contaminants and high-altitude electromagnetic waves , in a state of perpetual war to create problem-reaction - solution scenarios to distract , enrage and enslave American citizens at home with tools like the Patriot Act and the National Defense Authorization Act , which abridged the Constitution in the name of national security . The militarization of police forces in cities across the U.S. The building of prison camps by the Federal Emergency Management Agency with no stated purpose . The corporate takeover of food and agriculture , pharmaceuticals and health care , even the military , in clandestine agendas , to fatten , dull , sicken and control a populace already consumed by consumerism . And I encourage you all to go shopping more . A government that taps your phone , collects your data and monitors your whereabouts with impunity . A government preparing to use that data against you when it strikes and the final takeover begins . - The takeover of America . - By a well-oiled and well-armed multinational group of elites that will cull , kill and subjugate . Happening as we sit here . It 's happening all around us . The other shoe waiting to drop . It 'll probably start on a Friday . The banks will announce a security action necessitating their computers to go offline all weekend . Digital money will disappear . They can just steal your money ? Followed by the detonation of strategic electromagnetic pulse bombs - to knock out major grids . - What will seem like an attack on America by terrorists or Russia . Or a simulated alien invasion using alien replica vehicles that exist - and are already in use . - An alien invasion of the U.S. The Russians tried it in ' 47 . You can 't say these things . I 'm gonna say them tomorrow . It 's fearmongering claptrap , isolationist techno-paranoia so bogus and dangerous and stupid ... that it borders on treason . Saying these things would be incredibly irresponsible . It 's irresponsible not to say it . Especially if it 's the truth . Your test came back negative . What do you mean , negative ? She has no evidence of alien DNA . TRUTH SQUAD WITH TAD O 'MALLEY SHOW I promised you the truth today , but that truth has come under assault . Tad O 'Malley tried to put words in my mouth . He paid me to create stories about alien abductions . He is saying lies and stories for his TV show so people will watch . I am ... so sorry if I misled anyone . They got to her . These are the depths our government stoops to . - We must be making them very afraid . - Dr. Scully ? Your test results came back in . Sveta ? Sveta ? Sveta ? No , no . Stop ! You can 't ! You have no right ... " FINDER SPYDER " TRUTH SQUAD WITH TAD O 'MALLEY ERROR 404 SITE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE DON 'T GIVE UP There 's something called the Venus syndrome . It 's a runaway global warming scenario that leads us to the brink of the Sixth Extinction . Those with means will prepare to move off the planet into space , which has already been weaponized against the poor , huddled masses of humanity that haven 't been exterminated by the uber-violent fascist elites . If you believe in that kind of thing . You look exhausted , Mulder . It was a long day at the office . I don 't know if you saw , but ... Tad O 'Malley pulled the plug . They 're very good , these guys , you know ? And what about Sveta ? Where is she ? I 'm sure they scared her to death . We need to find her , Mulder . We need to protect her , no matter what . Why ? You said her tests came back negative . I ran them again . In fact ... I sequenced her entire genome because I didn 't trust the initial results . Are you saying she has alien DNA ? And I sequenced my own genome ... because of my history and ... because we have a child together . Scully ... what are you saying ? I 'm saying she 's not the only one . I 'm saying someone has to stop these sons of bitches . - Skinner . - Skinner . SITUATION CRITICAL . NEED TO SEE YOU BOTH ASAP . Scully , are you ready for this ? I don 't know there 's a choice . Oh , no ... Please ... Please don 't quit . No . Oh , no . No ! No ! Yes . Yes . I see . We have a small problem . They 've reopened the X-Files .
