 Announcer : You 're watching second chance . What we 're about to do should be left to god . Catch all-new episodes wednesdays and check out our other fox programs- - Rosewood , bones and lucifer . - What 's your name ? - Lucifer . Like the devil ? Only on fox . Previously on " second chance " ... Woman : Disgraced sheriff jimmy pritchard Took his own life today . [ zapping ] You 're the first to journey all the way back . To get another chance . James : I know you . You 're one of those ... Rich computer twits . Otto re-coded your white blood cells To fight the cancer in my blood . You brought me back to save you . Otto : The donor grows much stronger Than any of my models anticipated . You really knew my grandfather ? There is no way that jimmy pritchard killed himself . Duval : What is your connection to my father ? ! Who the hell are you ? I 'm sheriff jimmy pritchard . Mary : You have 12 hours before you need to be back in the tank . Set the timer on the phone for you . You worried about who you brought back ? Should I be ? Gracie , step away from him . What are you gonna do , duval ? Shoot your own brother ? I 'm family . You think my son 's just gonna walk away ? [ muffled screaming ] Is that it ? Not even gonna leave a $ 20 on my nightstand ? I 'm sorry . Thank you for , uh ... My blood ? Yes . Not at all . Thanks for bringing me back from the dead . [ chuckles lightly ] I 'm not handling this well . I didn 't consider the , um , intimacy of the situation . So you felt something , too ? No . No . It 's just that ... I don 't even know you , And now we 're ... Exchanging body fluids . Yes . It 's just that you are a , uh ... A certain kind of man . And I live a certain kind of life - - One that has not been full of surprises . Surprise ! So you 'll understand if I need a moment To , um ... Adjust . I 'll be right here . Duval : I don 't understand . Is the dna sample a match or not ? Gloria : From what I got off the glass you gave me , There are enough points of commonality For it to meet the criteria for a familial match , But the rest of it seems almost transgenic . I 'm sorry , trans ... ? Genic . Yeah , like , the way you would modify corn against insects Or cows to give more protein-rich milk . But the sample came from a man , so - - Something 's either funky with my machine Or real funky with that dna . Can you get me another sample ? Yeah , but the match . You sure ? Yeah . He is family . Thanks . [ beep ] Match to what ? You know , if that 's a dating service , You should try badge bunnies . They love guys with guns . I gave the fbi lab a dna sample Of the guy who says he 's our half-brother . Came back a positive familial match . Really ? Mm-hmm . Like , for sure positive ? That 's right . You can 't date him . We 're all pretty bummed about it . Background check has him serving overseas For the last 15 years , but he is lying about something . I 've got calls in to the units he was in . Or you could invite him over for dinner and just ask him . Did you run my prints When they brought me home from the hospital ? I had an idea where you came from . So dad had another woman . Is that such a shock ? [ chuckling ] no . I mean , we might have enough siblings Out there for a baseball team . The big question is why would he want to join this family ? I mean , I 've been looking to get out since I was 13 . That 's exactly the question . The guy shows up out of nowhere , and he knows all about me . The way he looks at me , he 's working something . I need more answers . And I think I know where I can get them . [ glass clanking ] Can I help you ? I 'm looking for the mustard . That 's not what that means . When I say , " can I help you ? " I mean you have to help me understand who you are And why you 're here before I call security . I said I 'm looking for the mustard . But the yellow kind , no , not this - - This stuff with seeds in it . Who puts seeds in mustard ? Those are mustard seeds . That 's what you make mustard out of . No , mustard is yellow . You know , you go to the ball park . You put it on a hot dog . Yellow . I don 't need to be learning new things at my ... Age . I 'm calling security . Relax . I 'm a friend of mary 's . Oh , are you ? And where exactly on the venn diagram of ms . Goodwin 's life Does your circle overlap with hers ? The venn ... ? Corporate ? Academic ? Charitable ? I 'm quite intimate with all of her circles , And I don 't remember you being in any of them . I 'm just curious . When you were a little girl , Did you ever think you 'd be the kind of person That grew up to say you 're intimate With another person 's circle ? I 'm calling security . It 's okay , alexa . I see you 've met my guest . Oh ... Yes . So sorry . I am here because I brought you the research reports For the conference call that you have later . And I did that . So now I can go . And it was so nice to meet you . And you have that , and I 'm going . So ... Bye . She thinks we 're having sex . Yes , I got that . I 'll talk to her . And tell her what - - the truth ? A version of it . Arthur : Good morning , sheriff pritchard . You asked me to alert you to crimes That met your specific criteria . I 'm sorry . You did what ? Just ones that need my particular skills . Oh . There are crimes to be solved Involving drinking and arrogance ? This is unfolding currently . Newscaster : We have to warn you - - Some of these images are very disturbing . You can 't see in these pictures , But the letters " f , " " d , " and " s " Were carved into the foreheads of the victims . Police and the fbi are trying to determine If these letters match any known terror groups . We 're hoping that surveillance footage of the scene Will help to identify the killer or killers , Although that footage still has not been recovered At this time . Mary : Pause . Enhance . That 's the criteria you gave arthur to search for - - Fbi cases your son is working ? Did I ? We 're doing everything we can . We 're cooperating ... Turn that guy up . ... To the families of the victims of this tragedy . The right to peacefully protest is fundamental to our nation , And we are cooperating fully with the fbi To find whoever did this . That 's who has your missing footage - - that guy . Those people are dead . Yeah . Good eye . Mary : You really think duke davis Had something to do with an axe murder ? No , I 'm suggesting that he took the video footage To cover up whoever he had do it . I knew this guy back when he was starting up . The union tried to squeeze him out of a contract . He had the organizer dumped in the bay . What do you mean , " dumped in the bay ? " I mean he was alive and then he wasn 't And he was dumped in the bay . And guess what , security footage was missing . So now you think he needs a visit from the sheriff . Damn right he does . No . Mary , can we sedate him now ? No , it 's okay . I 'm just gonna talk to the guy . [ sighs ] Duke doesn 't know you . You 'll never get past his security . But he does know me . Mary , no ! I can offer lookinglass ' help to update his security . If I get access to duke 's systems , You can search for the missing footage . And since I know you won 't stay here even if you promise to , You can come , but I will do the talking . [ speaks foreign language ] Just talking . It 's okay , kid . I won 't let her get in any danger . That security footage is electronic . It can 't be erased unless someone inside davis northwest Wanted it to be . Get a warrant to search the offices And find out what those letters mean . While you 're doing that , I 'm gonna take a few minutes personal time . Hey , otto , we got a fed at the curb . Why are you talking like that ? Mr. Pritchard has been helping me With my vernacular phrasing . Don 't listen to him . Ever . And show me who 's at the gate , please . My sister isn 't here . Goodbye . I know . I want to talk with you . Arthur , run the possible scenarios if I let him in . Analyzing all the variables , Including your social skills And what he might find in this house , The probability of you ending up in prison is 62 % . Go away . I know you 're a genius , So maybe you can help me understand Why the guy your sister is with Has dna with a , uh , what do you call it , Um , transgenic mutation ? Why is he saying those words ? Those are our words . Read his facial expression . What does he know ? For that data , you will need to engage him in conversation . [ grunting ] Keep your hands up ! [ yells ] How are you , duke ? Hey , mary . Sorry I couldn 't , uh , meet at the office . My people don 't want me out after what happened today . Terrible thing . Brutal . Yes . And to get right to it , Your company is built on an old-school model Without the digital infrastructure needed To identify future threats . Case in point , The unfortunate loss of the surveillance footage . I want to personally put all the reach And resources of lookinglass at your disposal To help in any way we can . That 's very - - very generous of you . Mr. Pritchard here is my head of security , And he can coordinate our resources with yours To track down any leads to who did this . I think you 'll be amazed at what we can do . Thanks for the offer . If I need the help , I 'll be in touch . Unless you 're not that anxious to find who did it . Can 't be an easy time for coal energy - - Legislation , protestors . Anything that discourages trouble Might not be so unwelcome . Always good to see you , mary . You mind if I give it a try ? It looks fun . That is , if you 're done beating up your kid . That is your kid that you 're beating up , right ? James . I won 't hurt him . Just keep him busy long enough for you to look around . See if you can find something . Okay if we sit ? Yes , just not in my chair . Which is your chair ? All of them . [ chuckles ] What can you tell me about transgenic mutation ? You 're the one who said those words When you were standing outside . Yeah , but it involves pritchard , right ? What can you tell me about him ? About jimmy pritchard ? Nothing . A guy in your position doesn 't usually surround himself With people he doesn 't know . I don 't surround myself with any people . You and your sister are very close . You mean to tell me you don 't know anything About the guy she 's out with right now ? I didn 't say I didn 't know anything . I said I couldn 't tell you anything . Where did you learn to box ? Army . Saigon . Wait , no , not saigon . Fallujah . I was in fallujah . Come on . Hit me . You know , mary 's right . No one stands to make more out of this mess than you do . You think I benefit From having my name associated with this butchery ? It 's been associated with worse . Do I know you ? Oh , I know you . I know how you beat the unions in ' 85 . Oh ! Pritchard ! I remember a pritchard . Drunk ex-sheriff who killed himself in disgrace . I see a resemblance . Arthur : Mary , otto has let an fbi agent in the house . It is not going well . The agent has begun to touch things . You know , I read that you have issues you deal with - - The need for order and predictability . This pritchard - - I 'll bet - - I 'll bet he 's not predictable at all , is he ? I 'd rather you not touch that . Oh . You haven 't had dirt under your nails in years , have you , duke ? But you know who did . Why is this any of your business ? What happened to those people ? [ grunting ] Someone 's gonna pay for that . Ohh ! Ohh ! Mary : Stop ! We 're done here . [ duke groans ] Good round . I was close . He was gonna talk . He was not going to talk , and you were going to hit him . We 'll get him another way . We 'll get him ? Look at you . Wait ! Dude . You just owned my dad . Totally punked him . It was awesome . No one does that . Thank you . Wow . Even the kid wants to bring him down . Let me go talk to him . No . We have to get back to otto now . He let duval into the house . Those glasses work both ways ? How long have you known him , otto ? You have to talk to mary . Mary talks to people . I do not talk to people . I-I think you should go . When did you first meet him ? You have to talk to mary ! Just tell me when he showed up ! December 5 , 2015 . Now go ! [ whimpering ] Do you know what that day is ? James : Leave the kid alone , duval . Gonna ask anybody anything , ask me . And what will that get me - - more lies ? Tell him you have information about the case . I saw something that ties duke to the crime . I , uh - - I have a line on who hacked up the protestors . Meet me at 1081 woodlawn avenue - - In the back . What do I know ? What the letters carved On the victims foreheads mean . Wow , I 'm very smart . Duke : Asher ! Asher , can you hear me ? I know what those letters are . I had the video brought to me because I was afraid . For god 's sakes , asher . Please tell me this isn 't you . Sorry . I wish I could . Now be a good father and clean it up for me . [ bird chirps ] Interesting spot to meet . I picked somewhere I knew we 'd never run into anyone . I 've been meaning to come down here and pay my respects . We 're not here to pay our respects to him , are we ? No . We 're here because I want the truth ... About you . About him . And why you showed up at lookinglass The same day our dad died - - that day right there . I needed mary goodwin 's help . How did you know her ? Met her at a conference . I was in private security after my last tour in fallujah - - That 's where I was . We just kind of hit it off . You and mary goodwin . Yeah . Even had a thing for a while . You and mary goodwin ? Yes , and I don 't appreciate your tone . When I heard about dad , I didn 't believe for a second that he 'd killed himself . And frankly , duval , I 'm disappointed that you did . [ chuckling ] why ? I expected that call every day for 15 years . Because the jimmy pritchard I knew was no quitter . So I asked mary if I could use her company To help find out what really happened . And you did . So why are you here ? 'cause dad asked me to keep an eye on you . I 've got information on these killings . Do you want it or not ? Yeah , I do . What do you have ? Duke davis went to this fancy prep school . The motto was de tenebris phoebus . And that 's the initials carved on the victims ' foreheads . Except the letters weren 't " d , " " t , " and " p . " They were " f , " " d , " and " s . " When you translate it into english , It means , " from darkness , the sun " - - " f , " " d , " " s . " You know latin ? [ chuckles ] You don 't think I could know latin ? Say something in latin . Go on . Somebody ... Yeah . ... Wants us to look at duke davis And his old school , so ... All right . I 'll check the names of his classmates when he was there , See if anything happened . It should take a day . Paperwork will take a day . I 've got a quicker way . Everybody that went to highland hall with duke , Everybody that 's been there since then , Where they are now , and what they 're doing . Mary : So the information I gave you helped ? Can we get him ? She gave you the clue ? It was a collaboration . Is that fbi agent pritchard ? Ms. Goodwin . Agent pritchard , some of the information I may or may not have on hand May or may not have been obtained legally . Do you still want to hear it ? He 's nodding " yes , " mary . Do you want to catch duke or not ? So , yeah , it 's all done with , uh ... Computers . Yeah . That was my guess . Narrow down the search . Anything bad or newsworthy happen When duke was at highland hall ? No . Nothing comes up . Oh . But some things did happen when his son was there . That 's the kid . My - - my fan . " dormitory burns down in fire . " First thought to be arson , later ruled accidental . Looks like asher davis left school after that . And duke davis only connection then Is a large donation made to help rebuild the dorm . In exchange for making the charges disappear , I bet . Maybe so . Follow asher . " please . " Please . Where 'd he go next ? One year at holy trinity preparatory academy . But he left there , too , after being suspended . Any dorms burn down ? No , but a lacrosse player was put in a coma after an attack . [ exhales sharply ] no charges . Where 'd he go next ? Ecole mont-leclair in geneva And then two colleges in the northwest . Coinciding with an attempted assault - - No charges , rape - - no charges filed . Duke just keeps moving him around , Making the charges disappear . And now to make surveillance footage disappear . This kid 's gone from burning down dorms to axe-murdering . He 's escalating fast . I think he 's trying to get his dad 's attention . " out of darkness , the sun . " It is a message - - for duke . It 's a pun . " out of darkness ... The son . " Alexa ! No , if this is about that man this morning , No need to explain , But I do have to tell you I am so happy for you . You work so hard , and you take care of your brother . And if you want to enjoy the pleasures of a man , Even one who doesn 't offer any intellectual challenge at all - - Alexa . No . He 's just a donor . A donor ? You 're gonna have a baby ? Oh , I 'm so happy for you . You are going to make the best mom - - no . Blood . Blood ! Blood donor . For me . An experimental cancer treatment . We put him up at the house so news doesn 't get out . I should have told you . [ sighs ] It 's already working . There is a light in you , and I can see it . I didn 't tell you to be here . Why - - why are you here ? I know these people . I know how they work . Been picking up after them for long enough . And you know them from where ? Dad told me stuff . I am inclined to believe almost none of that , But the truth here is fbi - - not fbi . So everyone here who 's not fbi should take a nice walk . Feed the ducks . Dad , I think that fbi agent is here to talk to you About those dead protestors chained to your fence . Why do you say that ? Oh , you know , they hated coal . My dad hated them . Now they 're dead . Close your mouth , asher . I mean , it 's all over the news . Do you watch the news ? I don 't , but I hear old people do . Shut your mouth ! I 'm not here to talk to your father , asher . I 've got a few questions for you . Just need to cover the bases . If you don 't mind , I 'd like to know where you were During the hours before and after those killings . Let me see . Let me see . Let me see . I know I was somewhere ... With someone . Well , now you 're here with me . So where were you , asher ? I have thought about it - - as a dad , What would I do if , god forbid , gracie got in serious trouble ? It 's not easy . I get it . But this guy - - this - - this duke davis - - Didn 't go well ? He made it clear that if I wanted to talk to asher again , I 'd have to wade through his lawyers . And the kid ? Alibi . He said he was with the cart girl . Maybe let me take care of this one . Again , fbi - - not fbi . She 's just gonna blow smoke up your ass . Then lying to a federal agent Is one more thing I 'll get her for . [ engine shuts off ] You take me to the nicest places . You . You don 't belong here . Yeah , I 've been feeling that a lot lately . What are you doing here , bobbi ? Huh ? Something for asher ? You don 't know anything about asher . I know he 's a prince , and you 're a cart girl . I 've seen this movie . It doesn 't end well for the cart girl . What are you doing for asher ? [ door creaks ] Ah , well , if it isn 't mary goodwin 's head of security . That 's what you are , isn 't it ? That 's what you 're wearing ? Okay , well , don 't just stand there . Let 's go down . [ door creaks ] [ indistinct conversations ] Man , that really pissed my dad off When you took him down in the ring . Yeah , you liked that , didn 't you ? Look at you trying to get all up in my head . Oh , don 't worry about her . Right now you got a choice to make - - red or blue ? Hey , I know you want to talk to me tonight , But party 's over if you don 't swallow . You first . [ chuckles ] I 'd put your seat back and tray table up if I were you . [ conversations echo ] [ laughs ] [ camera shutter clicks ] [ growling ] [ distorted camera clicking ] [ conversations echoing ] Ahh . Did you come here to save me from the evil prince ? Do you want me to save you ? Hey , do you want her , man ? What ? It 's cool . She 's the cart girl . Everybody wants the cart girl . Asher , cut it out ! You ass ! [ chuckles ] Does your dad beat on you a lot in the ring ? Yeah , it makes him feel big . Whatever . You know , if you want , I could maybe teach you a few moves , Get inside that right cross . Yeah . No , I don 't think I need that . Hey , this pill makes me want to tell secrets . You want to hear a secret ? I know you 're here for me , and I 'm ready , okay ? I 'm ready for it . [ laughs ] You should see your face right now , dude ! You 're so wasted . [ laughing ] [ groans ] [ snoring ] Yeah , he 's definitely my dad 's son . I recorded the whole thing . [ indistinct conversations ] Okay , well , you 're just gonna have to trust me . He brought it up . He wants to get caught . He called me out . [ sighs ] Oh . Hi . You okay ? [ device shuts off ] You look a little bit like grandpa . What ? No , I mean , the way that he used to look . You know , sometimes , in the morning . [ moans , chuckles ] Why - - why don 't you just be a good girl , huh , And make me that , uh , famous hangover cure ? It was just one time . Gracie , gracie , gracie . Don 't do drugs . Understand ? But dad brings me all the good stuff from the evidence locker . Hey . Not funny . The designer drugs kids do these days - - In my day , all you needed Was a little mary jane and some whiskey , And you were set . Your day ? Oh , I got to run . All right , so , to recap , You spent a night of illegal behavior With our murder suspect , Had him drop you off On the investigating fbi agent 's lawn ... [ voice echoing ] and got no information . Yeah . That 's great . No . Wait . I-I-I forgot . I got this from the cart girl . You stole that from our cart girl . She 's his favorite toy . I don 't think he 'd go anywhere without her . [ voice echoing ] where 's he going ? You 're the fbi agent . You find the clue . Gracie ... I got to go , okay ? Sorry . See ya . Her dog . She put her dog in the kennel . She kenneled her dog . Why would anyone kennel their dog ? Just go ahead and say it . They kennel their dog because they 're leaving town . Or in this case , fleeing . Yes . Good work with the wallet . Maybe next time you can get some legally obtained evidence So that I have something , you know , to put in the report . Life is not reports . More like him every day . He knew how to tail someone . You lose her , we get nothing . So I won 't lose her . Really ? Driving like this ? You ever tailed anyone before ? Never . This is very exciting . It 's my first tail . [ airplane whooshes ] I guess duke davis ' jet ? Taking the kid and the girl out of the country ? He 's still covering his kid 's tracks . [ bobbi screams ] I 'll call for backup . You stay put . Duke ? Duke ? Where 's your kid ? Are you a father ? Yeah , I am . Huh . He was such a tiny baby . Weighed almost nothing . My hand covered his whole back . [ chuckles ] He was always in trouble . Just boy stuff . His mother saw . I just thought rambunctious . Then came the business at highland hall . Then he did it again . And the company - - oh , that kind of publicity Is gonna hurt all of us - - family , friends . What was I supposed to do - - Destroy everything just because I couldn 't handle my kid ? So many . At some point , I ... I was in too deep . No one would understand . Not if they weren 't a father . Oh , duke . Officer with a 10-33 , Med response at the airfield off cole avenue . A stab wound , loss of blood . But this - - this last thing ... With the axe That was enough . But you were taking him out of the country , Letting him get away with it again . He thought so . He didn 't want to go . But he - - he wasn 't - - he wasn 't getting away with it . None of us were . I only put in enough fuel to get us an hour ... Over the ocean . You have kids ? Did I ask you that already ? [ screaming ] You want me , kid ? Here I am . Aah ! Asher : Sweet , stupid bobbi . I saw you do the math on that little cart girl . I knew you 'd follow her . Follow her sad , little car . Putt , putt , putt . Why 'd you kill your dad , asher ? Oh , he couldn 't stop me . He was weak . You wanted him to stop you . [ blade scraping ] I wanted him to try . If you wanted your daddy 's attention , You should have gotten a piercing like a normal kid . I didn 't want his attention . I wanted him to be a man , like you - - Like us . I know you understand what being a man is . I saw it . And now you want me to stop you . Is that it ? To try . That way , when you 're dead , I 'll be the strongest . You know what , I 've been dead . It 's not for me . [ yelling ] Aah ! Ohh ! Drop it ! I told you to watch the right cross . Where 's the girl ? She doubled back . Her car 's gone . Did you set up a perimeter ? You mean have I done this before ? Yeah . Now I 'm gonna cuff him 'cause he 's a bad guy . Leave him alone ! [ gunshot ] Ohh . [ gunshot ] ohh . [ gun clicks ] [ gasps ] [ grunts ] [ exhales sharply ] On your knees ! Get down now ! Hands behind your back ! Asher . Is asher okay ? [ james coughing ] Is asher okay ? Oh , god . Now what the hell did you do ? [ straining ] I got shot . What 's it look like ? All right . You hang on . The ambulance is coming , okay ? No . No ambulance . Yes ! Yes . Yes . That 's shock from the loss of all that blood . You hang on , all right ? You hang on ! Now I 'm gonna get you to the hospital . No , I just took a bullet for you . So you just listen to me , all right ? Just once in your life , just listen to me . Take me to mary goodwin 's . [ breathing heavily ] [ engine revs ] This is agent pritchard . You 'll find duke davis dead in his plane . He was killed by his son , who 's in an ambulance . An accomplice is cuffed and in a hangar . I 'll make the report after I pursue another lead . [ james breathing heavily ] Why the goodwin house ? Why does it always take us back there ? And I want the truth this time . I always told you the truth . I just told you what you needed to know . You didn 't need to know everything . You were just a boy . You were just a boy . I should have gone to your ball games . I should have ... I should have been better to your mom . A child 's father is supposed to ... Protect him from the bad things , not be the bad things . Sorry , duval . I was just - - I was just trying to protect you . What the hell are you talking about ? [ cellphone rings ] James ? This is fbi agent pritchard . He 's dying . He begged me to take him back to you . He said you could fix him . Can you do that ? What 's wrong with him ? Multiple gunshot wounds , Cuts , massive blood loss . I 'll meet you at the gate . No , we 're coming in together or I take him to the hospital . No more lies . [ beep ] This is not good at all . I realize that , otto . To compromise the security of the operation Is to put us at risk , But to refuse will put you at risk . I understand that , otto . Let me think . [ breathes heavily ] What the hell is he ? Mary : Not " what . " " who . " He 's james pritchard . You know that . [ speaking foreign language ] He was saying things in the car - - Going to ball games , Like he thinks he 's my father . He said he was sorry . Why did he say that ? [ speaks foreign language ] Why did he say he was sorry ? [ speaking foreign language ] Why does he think he 's my father ? Because he is . ♪ ♪
