 Announcer : You 're watching second chance . What we 're about to do should be left to god . Catch all-new episodes wednesdays and check out our other fox programs- - Rosewood , bones and lucifer . - What 's your name ? - Lucifer . Like the devil ? Only on fox . Previously on " second chance " ... Woman : Disgraced sheriff jimmy pritchard Took his own life today . [ zapping ] You 're the first to journey all the way back , To get another chance . Jimmy : I know you . You 're one of those rich computer twits . Otto recoded your white blood cells to fight the cancer In my blood . You brought me back to save you . Otto : He 's stronger than predicted . Why does he think he 's my father ? Because he is . He 'll accept who you are . You saw it . He 's almost there . - That 's the problem . If he accepts who I am , he 'll want nothing to do with me . No , my father never looked like that , so he can 't be . He isn 't . He isn 't , he isn 't . But he is . Mnh-mnh . He 's the best version of your father . His cells were recoded for optimal capacity . Physically , he is the best version . It 's me . I 'm back . Reporter # 1 : For so long , the unrivaled high-tech leader Spanning social media , hardware , and killer apps , Lookinglass has seen its price per share slip recently As always enigmatic chief technology officer Otto goodwin has become even more reclusive . Reporter # 2 : Lookinglass aiming to reassert itself In both the corporate I.T. , As well as the personal use market with the launch Of its new operating system . Reporter # 3 : A two-year product drought is ending today As lookinglass rolls out its new operating system . Will this answer the question Of what has otto goodwin been doing ? Will this new product be just what lookinglass needs ? Reporter # 4 : Mary goodwin will appear On several national morning shows Before officially rolling out the new product herself At the lookinglass campus . Reporter # 5 : As important as the new technology Of the operating system is , What 's more crucial to the lookinglass stock price Is consumer confidence in the corporation itself . Can they remain relevant ? Reporter # 6 : Lookinglass is down another 1 % Off yesterday 's opening bell , Continuing a slow and steady slide with sheer volume Nowhere the numbers c.E.O. Mary goodwin wants it to be . And add to this mix unconfirmed rumors That the lack of new products and innovations is due To an illness somewhere high up in the lookinglass camp . Reporter # 7 : It 's clear that today Lookinglass wants the world to know they mean business . You 've been a very patient board of directors , And today your patience will be rewarded . By tonight , investors will be assured that our company Is where the smart money should be , That we are a good buy at this price Because we 're only going up from here . I will see you all at the launch . Thank you . [ sighs ] You think maybe one of them could smile every so often . It 's a big day . Were you able to sleep ? I wasn 't . Not a wink . Too excited . A little nervous . When do we leave for the first interview ? We should get in the car as soon as you 're done With your blood transfusion , which should be starting now . Or have you already done it ? No . Mr. Pritchard has not shown up yet . I 'm not sure where he is . We should push the interviews . No . We need to set the tone for today . Lookinglass and this announcement Need to own the news cycle . If I cancel interviews , Then that is what they will talk about . Your transfusion . You need it . It can wait until mr . Pritchard returns from wherever he is . He 's probably doing something important . ♪ ♪ All-in . Guess this just ain 't your night . [ chuckles ] Never is . You remember this guy ? Yep . Real son of a bitch . [ laughter ] You 're telling me . He 'd have had this figured out by 3 : 00 a.M. , though . See , my problem was , I was looking for one cheater When I should have been looking for four , right ? Hey . Everyone 's having a good time . No one likes a sore loser . One of you scratches your ear means you got jacks or better . The other raises the pot till you fold , Leaving me to fend for myself . Then what ? You guys , uh , you split the pot and then , Well , I just go home , lick my wounds ? Time to start licking . [ laughter ] [ both grunting ] I guess it 's just not your night . Mary : And today 's launch of the lookinglass 9 phone Is just the next step in that journey . Well , it 's been a while since the last product launch . Will we have to wait another three years for the next one ? I hope not . Look , otto and I And everyone at lookinglass really like to get things right . Why rush something into an oversaturated market ? After a while , people feel cheated If the product doesn 't match the hype . But with this , I can promise you that we 're - - I 'm sorry , ms . Goodwin . If I could just interrupt you , We are receiving unconfirmed reports From several internet news sources , And since we have you here , Sources are saying that you 've been diagnosed And treated for anaplastic myeloma , An aggressive form of blood cancer , Which is always known to be fatal . Ms. Goodwin ? You handled things brilliantly . Our stock is already dropping . Get the board of directors on the phone . [ cellphone vibrates ] Okay . Don 't bother . Hello , craig . Yes , you and everyone else in america . Well , I 'm sorry , but I felt it was a very private matter . As a matter of fact - - Ms. Goodwin ! [ screams ] Photographer : Hey , driver , slow down ! Hang on , ladies . We got photographers . Come on ! Just one shot ! One shot ! Photographer : Hey , mary ! Mary ! Over here ! [ screams ] [ tires screech ] Photographer : Mary ! Mary ! [ camera shutters clicking ] Photographer : This way ! Hey , mary ! [ screams ] Photographer # 1 : Yeah , right here ! Photographer # 2 : Look at the camera ! Photographer # 1 : Just one - - one picture ! [ camera shutters clicking ] Photographer # 1 : Go , go , go , go ! Photographer # 2 : All right , speed up ! [ tire screeches ] [ gasps ] [ tires screeching ] [ gasps ] You okay back there ? [ breathing heavily ] I 'm fine . I 'm sorry . You were saying ? [ elevator bell dings ] man : It 's an unusually aggressive cancer , And recovery rates are very low . A diagnosis like this - - I say six months at best . Look who 's here . You 're mad . That 's a mad smile . Where were you this morning ? That 's not really any of your business . It 's been made clear to me That you do some kind of private investigative work . But here your primary purpose of business Is a blood donor to mary . You weren 't here . She missed her transfusion . So , yes , it is my business . Schedule a separate presser two hours before the launch . I 'll answer whatever cancer questions they 've got then . Okay , I get this wasn 't a day to miss a treatment , But if you 're mad at me , then just yell or something . And push the product team meeting to 3 : 00 In the conference room . Absolutely . Is this your version of the silent treatment ? You 'll be shocked to hear this , But not everything in this world is about you . Reporter : ... Involved in a high-speed chase That ended with ms . Goodwin 's car damaged and disabled On the shoulder of highway 35 , 4 miles south of seattle . No injuries were reported , and as yet , No charges have been filed in the incident . You want to tell me about that ? Now a look at our forecast . Nothing for you to worry about . I 'm sure you have a lot on your mind . I said I was sorry . I didn 't ask for an apology . We have a problem . Actually , a series of givens , Which , when factored together , create a paradox . Tell me . Givens - - " a , " You have anaplastic myeloma , which is now public knowledge . " b , " you discontinued Traditional therapies months ago . " c , " the board of directors are demanding an examination To evaluate your current state of health . Mary . Sorry . Have you seen this ? [ sighs ] Arthur . Display . What 's that ? It 's , um ... It 's a ... It 's a dead pool . What 's a dead pool ? Arthur : A dead pool is a game of prediction Which involves guessing when someone , Most typically an elderly or ill celebrity , will die . Whoever picks the right day wins . Oh , no . This is bad . Someone bet on today . It 's almost time for my conference call , If you 'll excuse me . [ sighs ] And it doesn 't matter how she dies . As long as she dies by midnight tonight , They win the entire pool . Why would they bet on today when it 's all over the media The doctors gave her six months ? Tell me about the car accident . Ms. Goodwin is here . Thanks , owen . I 'll take it from here . Hell of a day , huh ? Yeah . It 's incredible you kept the lid on your cancer story As long as you did . It was bound to come out . I 'd rather it wasn 't on the same day We 're launching our new operating system . You know , maybe it 's good everybody knows . You can be honest with your employees and wall street . I appreciate your advice , but that 's not why I 'm here . So I take it you 're not here For a stress-reducing , therapeutic quickie . [ chuckles ] I 'm not . I 'm here about finalizing the merger . Our legal team 's been on it full time . They 'll have the deal papered by next month . And then if ... Then if your cancer wins , Your company will be taken care of . [ sighs ] If something happens to me today , I need to know my brother will be supported . Wait , is this about that dead pool crap ? I need to know you 'll take care of otto . He trusts you . After me , you 're the only person he trusts . Promise me . I promise . I 'll take care of otto . Thank you . And what about you ? You need help . I can take care of myself . So no therapeutic quickie ? I have a product to launch . I thought you were a multi-tasker . [ indistinct conversations ] We were driving down the highway , And everything is normal . And then , all of a sudden , There are three cars speeding up on both sides of our car . And then this minivan , it pulls up on our right , And all of a sudden , it was like bam ! On the window . What are you doing here ? You sent me an urgent text . Why did you drag me out here ? He didn 't . I did . I used his name . Mary 's in trouble . We need help . You 've got help . Me . Your liability quotient is 4.7 . Out of ... ? 10 . Mary 's safety requires someone who is at least an 8 . Duval is an 8.5 . No . There 's no way he 's double what I am . Where you getting these numbers from ? Hey , thanks for the high ranking , But next time you 're in trouble , Just dial 911 like every other taxpayer . Got to get back to my job now . Hey , hey . Are you still pissed about this whole c.I. Thing ? Being a confidential informant is a smart move . Your boss was beginning to ask questions . You don 't want them finding out about - - About my working with the privacy-invading Wonder twins and my dead-not-dead dad ? I mean , it 's a gray area . I get it . But it 's gonna make your life easier . Nothing about any of this makes my life easier . ♪ ♪ Whoa ! That was exciting . Was that exciting for anyone else ? No . Okay . Arthur and I gathered every available photograph That was uploaded from the accident . The images will advance every five seconds . You will be able to see each car in relation to mary 's vehicle . See ? The minivan moving up Right before it ran us off the road . What exactly are we looking for ? James : Otto , can you show us where the van passed mary 's car ? Otto : We 're missing a sequence . The images of the minivan came from the photographer In the last car . For some reason , they weren 't uploaded . But I do have this ... Alexa : That was even more exciting . Mary said there was an explosion when the tire blew . Maybe a gunshot . Someone is trying to kill mary ? Yeah . There 's this thing . It 's called a dead pool . Now , a dead pool is this thing where they gamble - - I know what a dead pool is . Right there . The metal is scooped out smooth . See ? All along there . Huh . 9mm . Here 's another . It took at least two shots . Show us the van driver 's face . Arthur : He doesn 't appear in any of the photographs . Whoever 's in the minivan , that 's your shooter . On the breaking news Of mary goodwin 's cancer diagnosis , The price of lookinglass stock has lost 8 % Since the opening bell And looks to keep dropping as this day goes on . It 's not just the fact of her illness , But the fact that it was kept From board members and shareholders alike . She 's not canceling the launch . No . She thinks it 'll show weakness , So she 's insisting on going out in public . Where she 'll be a target . For once , you and I actually agree on something . Then stop her , otto . Use that twinspeak of yours . Tell her not to go . I tried . She won 't listen . For some reason that defies me , she connects with you . You have to talk to her . Make her stay home . Please . Someone tried to kill her . They 'll try again . [ exhaling sharply ] [ grunts ] [ breathing heavily ] [ grunts ] I have 10 more minutes in here , then it 's all yours . Actually , I wanted to maybe show you a few moves , Teach you how to defend yourself . I can defend myself . Yeah , against a bag . I 'm talking about street fighting . Now , listen , there are six basic moves . [ both grunting ] Those six ? Yeah , well , you know , three and five were a little slow . [ chuckles ] no wonder you 're sluggish . Not taking care of yourself . Out all night with women . [ chuckles ] there were no women . Mary , the real reason I 'm here is , We 've been talking , you know , duval , otto , alexa . We 've decided that , uh , You 're not gonna do your presentation today . [ scoffs ] you decided ? Yeah . Someone wants to kill you , mary , today . Someone ? Arthur , display the list . [ beep ] I run a high-profile company with millions of users And twice as many haters . We put out one update that doesn 't improve their lives Instantly , I get death threats ! Kind of making my point for me , mary . But why don 't you just postpone it one day ? Why ? So he can move his bet to tomorrow ? Or the next day ? Or the next ? Or you want to keep me in lockdown forever ? ! [ both grunting ] [ breathing heavily ] You may have called the shots when you were sheriff , But this is my company , my responsibility . I take my responsibilities seriously . [ water running ] [ sighs ] Arthur : Mr. Pritchard , are you feeling okay ? Just a little dizzy . It 's only been 12 hours since you 've been in the tank . I think I had too much to drink last night . I 've identified the paparazzi photographer Who has the missing footage you 've been looking for . [ sighs ] can you track his phone for me ? I want to have a little talk with him . Of course . But perhaps I should alert otto about - - No . I 'm fine . Just a hangover . [ indistinct conversations , car alarm blaring ] [ clears throat ] [ car alarm chirps ] Ah . The attentive car owner . Who are you ? I 've got a few questions about the goodwin accident . You took a few pictures of a black minivan . I don 't think you uploaded them all , and I want to see them . Screw you . Okay . [ car alarm blaring ] What the hell , man ? ! Well , it was either the car or your face . Did I make the right choice ? I said show me the driver . You 're showing me somebody 's arm . Take it easy . Look . A cobra tattoo ? I need a name . How should I know ? I 've never seen him before . He 's not one of us . Special agent duval pritchard . Leave a message and I 'll return your call At the first opportunity . [ cellphone beeps ] Aw , a reunion with my poker buddies . Jared brought a friend . [ chuckles ] Look , guys , As much as I 'd love to spend all afternoon Handing you your asses - - again - - I 'm a little bit busy today , so why don 't you - - [ groans , coughs ] [ chuckles ] Oh , that should have done more . [ groaning ] [ door opens ] Agent pritchard , can I help you ? I arranged to have myself assigned as lead agent On your death threat . That was a good idea . I 'm high profile . The fbi was going to send someone . And we can 't have federal agents Digging around out here , can we ? It bothers you , keeping secrets . You mean from the bureau I swore an oath to ? Yeah , it does . But now I got to ask why . Your father has a rare genetic precursor that allowed us - - No , that 's how , not why . Your father never told you ? No . Otto recoded his white blood cells to fight off death . Now we 're using them to fight cancer . Your cancer . And if it continues to work , others , as well . So he comes back younger and stronger , Lives in some architectural digest model home , Drives that car , and he cures cancer ? [ scoffs ] So , where is this gift to mankind ? I have no idea . We had an argument . He stormed off . Classic . He 's probably at peng 's halfway through a bottle of bourbon . [ echoing ] sir . Sir , can you hear me ? Sir , do you remember your name ? [ monitor beeping ] Sheriff jimmy pritchard . Get away from me . I got to find mary , tell her about the cobra . Jimmy : Dumb idea , kiddo ! Why am I over there ? Sir , I-I think you just need to lay back and just relax , okay ? You 're in the stew now . Possible brain trauma , extreme disorientation . Let 's get a psych evaluation just in case . Yeah . You better pull it together . Quickly . I feel like hell . I feel like I 'm ... 75 years old again . Don 't you get it ? There 's something going wrong inside your body . And your little girlfriend 's in trouble , too . So you got to get out of here . She 's not my girlfriend . Whatever you say . [ elevator bell dings ] I really need you to consider canceling this presentation . You have to , mary . You have to cancel . I can 't . Our stock is cratering . If they don 't see me out there today , it 's all over . It 's too dangerous . You almost died this morning . Why risk it ? I 'm not risking it . You 're here . I appreciate that vote of confidence , but - - I 'll do it . [ sighs ] If people need to see the face of the company , They can see mine . That 's not a bad idea . When you spoke with the nurse , you told her your name was , Uh , sheriff jimmy pritchard ? The man who died recently ? Well , there 's dead and there 's dead . Do you ever feel depressed , worried , or anxious ? Nothing any good glass of bourbon wouldn 't fix . Could I just use your phone ? I 'm sorry . I can 't do that . Have you ever had feelings of wanting to harm yourself ? Others , sure . But myself ? I just need to get a message to somebody . Maybe you could just let me borrow it for a second ? Um , do you ever drink to get drunk ? Why ? How do you do it ? Or feelings of insecurity ? Is this really a job ? Can you just call the fbi , ask for my son ? Your son works for the fbi ? How old could your son be ? Just ask for agent pritchard , okay ? Whoa , whoa . Take it easy . You 're blowing it . Just get a message to agent pritchard , okay ? Tell him that the guy he 's looking for Has a cobra tattoo on his left arm . Oh , boy . A cobra tattoo ? I know this sounds crazy . Well , we don 't like to use that word . Well , try " idiot . " Will you just shut the hell up ? ! I think a 24-hour Observational hold might be advisable . This pooch is officially screwed . [ flatline ] Finally . You get your ass in gear before they lock us up for good . What the hell 's happening to me ? I bet that egghead knows . [ breathing heavily ] Oh , no . I 'm never gonna make it . Stop whining . [ clatter ] If you don 't get out of here soon , Your girlfriend 's gonna be a goner , too . So get your ass up and call duval . You need to tell him about the guy with the cobra tattoo . Woman : ... Will be starting in 30 minutes . Upon going through the security check , Please follow directions to our main theater . Governor 's agreed to send another 100 state troopers . Maybe the extra security layer will be a deterrent . Maybe . But I 'm not taking any chances . I 'm coordinating with local law enforcement , Making sure our comms are in sync . Good . Man : All right , next in line . [ beep ] [ indistinct conversations ] ♪ ♪ [ indistinct talking ] Woman : Cardiology attending to the e.R. , please . Cardiology attending to the e.R. [ breathing heavily ] Okay . Uh ... I should really learn to use one of these things . Uh , hello ? Mary , otto , anyone ? Anyone read me ? Arthur : Hello , sheriff pritchard . Arthur , it 's - - it 's me ! I have established your identity and location . I have been scanning for your voice pattern . Tell duval the guy he 's looking for Has a cobra tattoo on his left forearm . I 'll communicate your message . And , arthur ... I could really use a cab . [ indistinct conversations ] [ sighs ] You don 't have to do this . You know that , right ? This time ... I 'm gonna take care of you . Do I have to wear this tie ? [ laughs ] You don 't have to wear this tie . Here to present the cobra9 operating system Is lookinglass founder and co-chairman otto goodwin . [ cheers and applause ] ♪ ♪ [ camera shutters clicking ] [ clears throat ] I , uh ... Uh ... Um , uh ... [ clears throat ] [ camera shutter clicks ] They 're uneven . It 's the banner . He 's stuck . He 'll fixate on the banner . Don 't - - Mary : I 'm sorry , otto . [ cheers and applause ] I almost missed my cue . [ laughter ] You all know that otto and I Lost our parents when we were very young . And since then , Our family has been me , otto ... And all of you . And I know that you 're now aware of the struggle We 've been going through behind the scenes For the past few months . There have been a lot of conversations About the future of this company . Suspect is a male with a cobra tattoo On his left forearm . Repeat - - suspect is a male with a cobra tattoo On his left forearm . But despite what you 're hearing everywhere , I am getting better . Lookinglass is growing stronger . I 've got eyes on target . Section three . And we are both going to be around ... You 've got a green light . Take him down . ... For a very , very long time . [ cheers and applause ] Get on the ground ! Don 't move ! [ audience screaming ] Don 't move ! [ indistinct talking ] Search his backpack . Sorry . No dead pool payout for you today . This is griggs , sector 6 . I have the suspect in custody , sir . I have a suspect , as well , sir . Cobra tattoo . I 've got one here , too . ♪ ♪ Duval : Here . It 's just their stuff . Nothing . They 're clean . All right . Who wants to explain The big meeting of the cobra club ? You . Start talking . I don 't know what 's going on . We work for lookinglass . Who 's we ? We 're software developers . We designed the cobra system for the lookinglass 9 . The messaging app . So we all got cobra tattoos . We just got a tip that someone with a cobra tattoo Might be here today intending to kill mary goodwin . Is there anyone else on your team ? Malcolm . Malcolm who ? Sprague . Total dick . Halfway through the project , he just stopped showing up , So ... Ta-da ! Me . I replaced him . He was weird , angry . Not a people person , even for a coder . [ siren wails ] Adair : Malcolm sprague filed six lawsuits against lookinglass In the last year in the amount of $ 50 million For a copyright violation , breach of contract , Pain and suffering , and personal distress Caused by " the bitch mary goodwin . " I 'm pretty sure " bitch " isn 't a legal term . This is our guy . You 'll have the search warrant By the time you hit malcolm sprague 's door . Stairs ! Down ! Mary : We cheat everyone at lookinglass . We 're using people , and I like it . Hi . I 'm mary goodwin , And I promise you I 'm going to lie . We cheat everyone at lookinglass . We 're using people , and I like it . Hi . I 'm mary goodwin . That is seriously messed up . He 's been all alone with this anger . Nothing else matters to him now . [ gasps ] Don 't scream . Just start the car and drive where I tell you . Malcolm , please , If you 're mad at me because I took your job - - My job ? You think I care about my job ? Mary took more than my job . It was the team , wasn 't it , malcolm , that designed it ? They were my ideas . My mind . Me ! All right ? Now she 's gonna pay for it . Start the car and drive . [ engine starts ] ♪ ♪ Because of him , They identified the man who 's trying to kill me . The fbi 's searching for him right now . What 's wrong with him ? His endocrine system is failing . But the tank will fix that . It hasn 't so far . There 's a glitch in his code that the tank is not correcting . He 's shutting down . You mean dying ? Yes , dying . I don 't know why . My code was perfect , but there 's a glitch . I can 't fix it . I 'm worried , mary . Are you worried ? Yes . But I 'm worried about him now . And what do we think if he dies ? Arthur : Mary , a personal message was just posted To your lookinglass page that I think you should see . Go ahead . Malcolm : You owe me for what you 've taken . And now I 've taken something of yours , One of your precious lookinglass family . [ muffled whimpering ] You 've ignored me , ignored my lawsuits . Then you go on tv And you wear your little white dress And you lie to the world . Go to the iron horse campsite , 30 miles off highway 61 at the holston exit . I 'll meet you there . One hour . Come alone or she dies . [ muffled whimpering ] One hour . Remember , wear your little white dress . I 'll make you a trade - - You for her . I can 't believe they 're actually doing this . Doing what ? They 're going to meet him , the man who wants to kill mary . They 're really going to meet him . No , that 's crazy . We have to stop them . I mean , you need to stop them . I could stimulate you . But what if I kill you ? If you die , then mary dies , it would be like I killed mary . But if I don 't , then malcolm could kill mary . Arthur , calculate risks . Arthur : Incomplete data set . Factoring givens , there is a 19 % chance for - - Otto , just do it . [ shakily ] okay . This is pure adrenaline . You 're going to feel a little kick . But please ... Don 't die . I 'll do my best . [ tires screech ] [ car horn honks ] [ tires screech ] [ cellphone rings ] Hello ? Are you wearing the dress ? Yes . Good . You 're obeying . There 's been a change of plan . What ? You 're gonna be looking for an abandoned barn . Listen to me . I can pay you for your work and your time . Just let kelly go . [ scoffs ] You do not have enough money To pay for what you stole from me . Malcolm , please . If you would like to see your precious employee again , You 're gonna do what I say . Okay . Get off at exit 2 . Go to the barn . [ muffled screaming ] This is adair . Malcolm sprague just made contact . He 's changed plans . He wants us to pull off a mile north Off of exit 2 , an abandoned barn . Okay , we 'll shift resources down to you . Stay put until they arrive . Not sure we have time for that . Agent pritchard - - [ cellphone beeps ] Agent pritchard ! [ sighs ] [ muffled shouting ] [ car horn honks ] Oh , no . [ engine revs ] [ sighs ] You got to be kidding me . [ sighs ] What the hell are you doing here ? I 'm here to help . That 's what I 'm doing here . How are you even moving ? Otto gave me this big needle of something . You thought I ran off ? Is that what he told you ? That I was on a bender ? What ? That I was at peng 's ? Was that it ? You wrote me off , but now you need my help . So just - - just say it . Go on . Just say it . Just you 're happy I 'm here and you need my help . Just say it . Say it . Oh , for god 's sake . Just say it . Or we 'll never get out of here . I 'm glad you 're here . You . And we need your help . You 're welcome . Now let 's go . Otto says I 'm gonna pass out in about 10 minutes . ♪ ♪ [ car doors close ] Here . Put my vest on under your coat . My backup . This is my old service weapon . Your backup piece is my old gun ? Let 's not make a thing of it . Wasn 't gonna . All right . Sprague will want to be on high ground Far enough way to make an escape . The sunset will be at his back , so he 's somewhere over there . [ cellphone rings ] " at 7 : 50 , walk towards the barn . " That 's in four minutes . Get in the car and keep the doors locked . Stay there until you hear from us . And if four minutes goes by and I don 't hear from you ? No safety . Just a long trigger pull . Just point and squeeze . She 'll do the rest . What about you ? Kind of want to get my hands on him anyway . [ breathing heavily ] Look , why don 't you stay here ? I 'll go up ahead . You don 't even got a vest on . Get behind me . You worry about yourself . I 'm fine . [ muffled shouting in distance ] [ breathing heavily ] Where the hell is he ? [ gunshot ] [ groans ] I heard a shot . [ grunts ] [ groans ] [ grunting ] [ warbling ] [ breathing heavily ] Are you okay ? Pritchard , duval , are you okay ? [ both grunting ] [ muffled shouting ] It 's okay . It 's gonna be okay . ♪ ♪ [ gunshots ] [ breathing heavily ] Oh , god . I thought you were dead . [ sighs ] You know , I 'm getting a little tired of you saving my life . You just saved my life . What - - what are you talking about ? [ sighs ] [ breathing heavily ] [ both chuckle ] I 've been carrying this around ever since I found out ... Who you were , deciding whether I should give it to you or not . It 's got a big dent in it . Yeah . If you don 't want it , I can take it back . No , no , I want it . I want it . [ sighs ] Keep my gun , though . [ sniffs ] I like knowing that 's your backup . The glitch was impossible to predict Because it did not exist in the subject 's original code . His genetic code is evolving . His own body 's rewriting it . We can expect there will be more changes . Arthur : Otto , there is something else you should see . It 's about mary . I need to say something . When you didn 't show up for my blood treatment And then when you stormed off ... I did not storm off . And then when you disappeared And then when you were half-dead And then suddenly you show up - - This is the worst apology ever . It 's not an apology . It 's just ... When I thought you weren 't there for me , it hurt , Because I wanted you to be there for me . What do you think that means ? I think after 75 years , I know that when a woman asks me what I think something means , She knows what it means . Mary . The numbers from your most recent blood labs ... What about my numbers ? They 're improving . It 's not a cure . It 's not even full remission . But it 's the first clinical indication That the treatment is working . His blood is making you better . [ sighs ] We need to go public with this . With the new cobra9 product launch And my numbers getting better , Lookinglass will be stronger than ever . Arthur , call alexa . Mary . Mary ! And then get the board - - Listen to him . You 're alive . You 're not dying . At least not today . No , not today . And neither are you . You 've just watched second chance . Now here are a few more shows to check out from fox . What happened here ? - ( siren wailing ) - gordon : Bad guys in this town are changing . I don 't know how bad it 's going to get . Man : They think guns can stop me ? This is not a game . Troubled times . You ready to do this ? What grown man invites people to call him " rosie " ? A secure man . There is a serial killer on the loose . We 're gonna catch him . You come at me again , the law won 't be able to keep me off you . - Thanks for keeping me in the loop . - I 'm looping you in right now . Okay , I forgot to put you in the loop . Announcer : Rosewood . Returns Wednesday , March 2 on fox .
