 Previously on " Agent Carter " ... It 's drawn to you . It 's calling me . - Wait ! - Oh ! Jason ! Oh , my God . I know where Jane Scott 's body is . Where 's Peggy ? Carter ? She 's moved on to a new case . You are yesterday 's news to her . I need your help . It called me here . It wants to be let out . Should you really be touching her ? Yes . I have to . I need an atomic bomb . The two remaining warheads were put in storage . Well , it won 't be the first time we 've infiltrated a Roxxon facility . Jarvis : The elevator requires a special key . Talk Mr. Jarvis through the procedure . I 'll take care of our company . [ Groaning ] [ Grunting ] You said you moved here because you wanted a fresh start , but that 's not the whole truth , is it ? I think you 're in love with Peggy . Chadwick : Get the Council together . I want to call an emergency meeting . They 're gonna want to hear this . Peggy , I ... Jason ! Jason ! [ Distorted ] Jason ! Can you hear me ? [ Wind roaring ] Can you hear me ? Jason ? Jason ? ! [ Gasps ] What happened ? I-I-I ... I don 't know . I-I was somewhere else . I-I don 't know . It 's all right . You 're back now . No , it ... it 's not all right . I can 't ... I can 't fight it anymore . I 've lost control , Peggy . - We 'll fix this . - No ! No . I 'm at the whim of ... of some dark force that we have absolutely no understanding of . I could vanish forever at any moment , and we 'd have no idea when or what would happen next ... What do we know ? Your work at Isodyne was in containment research . You built a housing unit for zero matter . Perhaps you can do something similar for yourself . - That won 't work . - Why ? Because I have no mass . I have no material form to contain . But if you did ? If I did , we wouldn 't be having this conversation . Jane Scott 's tissue sample . When you were exposed to the zero matter from that , you were restored to a tangible state . Temporarily . If you could replicate that even briefly , do you think you could build a containment chamber for yourself ? Yes . Y-yes , I think that might work . We need to get our hands on some more zero matter . And as far as we know , there 's only one place left in the world to find it . [ Muttering ] And I did it . But then it went away , but I will get it back . Darling , are you okay ? Do I look like I 'm okay ? Sweetheart , I was ... No . No , what exactly has happened as of late , Cal , that would lead you to believe that I 'm okay ? - Whitney , please . - Would it be the catastrophe , maybe , at the Roxxon facility ? Or maybe you 're referring to the never-ending interference of that twit federal agent and how she has crippled everything - that I am trying to accomplish . - Honey , everything 's gonna be fine . How can you say that ? ! Because I 've arranged for the Council to meet with you . What did you say ? I thought long and hard about it through the night , and I realized that I haven 't been giving you the proper support . And this is my way of rectifying my mistake . But the Council never meets with outsiders , let alone a woman . It took some convincing , and I did have to cash in all my chips . But you 're worth it . You 've always understood this stuff better than me . That 's why you need to be the one that addresses the Council on zero matter and all its potential . You did that for me ? I did it for us . Now , everyone 's gonna be in attendance tomorrow night for the fundraiser . I think once the Council sees what you 're capable of , well , [ Chuckles ] they 'll give you whatever you want . Oh , Cal . Oh , thank you . Of course , my love . [ Bird squawking ] Carter : Ooh . Does that go through your body ? It does , which is fortunate . Yes . Less likely to infect . [ Moaning ] You must be in incredible pain . Only when I walk . And sleep . And breathe . - And eat . - Ah , yes . Eating was very unpleasant . This is all very frightening . There . [ Groans ] I suffer this injury , well , avoiding something far worse , if you can believe that . I cannot . - Well-done . - Thank you . [ Panting ] Where are you going ? To change , then down to lab . I 'll find Doctor Wilkes and begin preparations for tomorrow evening . Shouldn 't you be resting ? In a perfect world . Sadly there 's no rest for the weary and wounded until the job is done . I 'll be up for tea , darling . [ Door closes ] [ Breathing heavily ] Ooh . You look terrible . Says the woman with the rebar hole through her abdomen . Is anything the matter ? [ Sighs ] You didn 't call me here to ask me about my emotional state . Right . Yes , I called you here because we have a problem . Just one ? Dr. Wilkes has lost his foothold here . Last night , he disappeared temporarily , and now he could vanish forever at any moment . We need to do something to anchor him into this world until we find a more permanent solution . Whatever that something is , it 's already giving me indigestion . Daniel , not only is Dr. Wilkes a good man , he is the centerpiece for the case we 're building against Isodyne , Whitney Frost , and that Arena social cabal . So you need him . We need him . All right . What 's the plan ? Dr. Wilkes has designed a containment chamber to stabilize himself , but he needs a sample of zero matter . I intend to get that sample from Whitney Frost . Okay . The best chance that we have of getting close to Whitney without being detected is her husband 's campaign fundraiser tomorrow night at the MacArthur Grand Hotel . Not an easy ticket to get . Howard Stark donates money to all the political candidates to ensure good favor with whomever wins , so Mr. Jarvis has two tickets secured . Of course he does . We can modify this vacuum syringe from the SSR to get the sample of zero matter . We use the crowd to our advantage , we get close enough to puncture her skin , and then we make a hasty exit without any fuss . You 're gonna do this ? Yes . You , who can barely walk ? You , who Whitney 's tried to kill within the past 48 hours ? You , who Whitney will see coming a mile away ... Same as Jarvis , by the way . Well , someone else , then . Who ? Me ? I 'm not gonna fly as Jarvis ' date . - Rose , then . - She 's on a flight home . Her mother 's sick . Well , m-maybe ... We can 't trust anybody at the SSR . That 's become painfully clear . And I 'm not about to send a civilian into the jaws of that lion without sufficient training . No , what you need is a highly skilled , unknown face who can blend in with the glamour and throw down in the gutter . I don 't know anybody besides you who can pull that off . I have a terrible idea . Underwood , Dr. Wexford is here to conduct your psych evaluation . Show him in . ♪ Hello , Dr. Wexford . ♪ [ American accent ] You can leave us . Are you sure ? This one 's a handful . Don 't worry . I have protection . Now , please , some privacy . We have a lot to talk about . ♪ [ Grunts , exhales slowly ] Oh , Peg , you 're hurt . Mm . ♪ - [ Grunts ] - You 're real hurt . [ Normal voice ] I thought you 'd like to know that we 've received no contact from the Soviet government or anyone claiming to be affiliated to Leviathan , asking for your release . This is my surprised face . Considering this will be your home for the foreseeable future , perhaps you should start decorating . - It takes more than six walls to hold me . - Six ? We 're in a cube , Peggy . Try to keep up . I admire your confidence . Seeing you gives me a real boost . How do you mean ? Well , let 's see . You came here in disguise , not in official SSR capacity . That means you don 't want this visit on the record , which means you 're probably going behind someone 's back . How naughty . So if you 're not here to interrogate me officially and you 've gone to such great lengths to hide the fact that you came at all , I think the reason for your visit is pretty obvious . You need my help . Wilkes : Now gently thread the wire around the base conductor to generate the magnetic field . Exceptional work . Every detail matters in both art and science . Precision is key . We 'll just need to set one more coil and we 're finished . I have to say , this whole thing has me entirely on edge . Mm . The situation is not ideal , but Miss Carter is very determined . Oh I-I believe in Peggy , but ... so much can go wrong . I mean , they 're ... they 're going deep behind enemy lines , I mean , basically surrounding themselves so they can get as close as possible to perhaps the most dangerous person alive . But there will be reinforcements , yes ? Not to my knowledge , no . Pretty much everything has to go perfectly or else ... I-I 'm sure it 'll be fine . Jarvis : Ana ! Oh . Do you know where my formal ivory cuff links are ? Top right drawer on the vanity . Ah . Yes , thank you . Need to look my best . A lot of responsibility this evening . Quite invigorating , really . Leading a mission , being right in the thick of the action . So sorry . Wilkes : Uh , th-that 's all right . We 'll ... we can pull out the wire and thread a new coil . I-if you 'll excuse me for a moment . Darling , are you all right ? Yes . Fine . Oh , gosh . Still ? Why were you trying to steal this from the vault in New York ? Maybe I was hired to steal it . Maybe the pin is not just a pin . Maybe that pin unlocks the secrets to every major decision made in this cesspool of a country . Maybe it just matched my blouse . Play coy if you like , but we both want something from the men that wear those pins . And I 'm going to break you out of here to help me get it . Is that right ? As you astutely pointed out , I 'm not authorized to offer you a deal at the moment . However , once we 're through and I 've removed the red tape , we can work on negotiating your deportation . Sounds fun . I 'm in . That was easy . What can I say ? I 'm a giver . Just so we 're clear , I know you 'll try to run , and I 'm prepared for it . Just so we 're clear , I know your deportation offer is a lie , and you can never be fully prepared for me . Then we 're in agreement . You 'll help me get what I need , and then I 'll lock you back up in this cell . ♪ Use this to get through the door . [ Exhales sharply ] Simple as that , is it ? I 'd call it intermediate for a smart girl like you . [ Groans ] I 'll handle the guards . [ Straining ] You just follow my trail up to the ground level . Um , no window shopping . [ Clears throat ] [ Knock on door ] When you get outside , go right . [ Lock clanks ] Miss me ? See you at dinner . ♪ [ Device whirs ] [ Device whirring ] [ Lock clunks ] [ Lock clunks ] [ Lock clunks ] [ Lock clanks , door creaks ] Sweet dreams . ♪ Oh , Peggy , you 're no fun at all . [ Indistinct conversations ] Huh . ♪ You thought this would stop me ? No , but I thought this might . [ Electricity crackles ] [ Grunts ] [ Groans ] [ Electricity crackles ] You happy ? Very . [ Hair dryer whirring loudly ] [ Speaks indistinctly ] I can 't hear you . - [ Whirring stops ] - Right . Yes . Sorry about that . Apology not accepted . Allow me to explain the situation . We have this exquisite diamond choker which will complete your ensemble for this evening . How fabulous . I 'll be sure to return the favor with a choker of my own someday . Hmm . The necklace is equipped with a tracking device so that I can monitor your location at all times . [ Necklace beeps ] And if you attempt to move the beacon or break even one link in the chain , you will be injected with a neurotoxin ... [ Door opens ] Which will kill you in 35 excruciatingly painful seconds . Oh , good . She 's awake . Miss Underwood . Jeeves . I was just wondering what type of firearm I 'd be carrying this evening . Uh , that would be no type . You can 't be serious . If I give you a gun , she 's only going to take it from you . I take deep offense to that remark . And I don 't see how you 'll feel safe sending me out with ... Her unarmed . Where 's your wristwatch ? It 's a wristwatch , Miss Carter . It 's on my w ... Oh . I , uh ... Sorry . ♪ - Fine . - Mm . A knife , then . Or a cane with a sword hidden inside . Oh , n ... [ scoffs ] Excuse me for one moment . [ Whirring resumes ] [ Indistinct conversation ] [ Conversation continues ] [ Thud ] Ugh . Chadwick : Are you almost ready ? No . I can 't go . [ Chuckles ] What do you mean you can 't go ? Just ... you 're gonna have to reschedule the meeting . Sweetheart , that 's not possible . Please , just another time ... Anytime ... A smaller venue or something more private , please . Whitney , these men do not reschedule . The Council does not give second chances . I cannot be seen in public like this . The press will have a field day with me . I look like a circus sideshow . [ Sighs ] Hold on . Here . Put this on . [ Sighs ] ♪ It 's perfect . You look wonderful . [ Sighs ] I have not felt butterflies like this in so long . Oh , thank you . And I 'll thank you properly later . Can 't wait . This is your target . Do you recognize her ? Can 't say that I do . Her name is Whitney Frost . She 's a rather famous movie actress ... Star of " The ' F ' Stands for Freedom . " Doesn 't sound like my kind of picture . I 'm more interested in your new beau . Hi , handsome . - Hello . - Don 't talk to her . Aren 't you protective ? Don 't be shy , little puppy . Come on over here . Join us . Keep focus here . You 'll be obtaining a blood sample from Miss Frost , and you will do so without being detected . - Is that it ? - Don 't be cocky . Frost is far more dangerous than she looks . And I cannot stress this enough ... Do not let her touch you . Fine . No touching . Dr. Wilkes designed this device to administer a fast extraction . You depress the vacuum button the side and then release it once the needles have made contact with the skin . Should draw a significant sample in less than one second . Chief sousa and I will monitor the operation from a surveillance van outside . We 've disguised two-way communication radios for both you and Mr. Jarvis ... A pair of glasses for him and ... This for you . Hmm . Do you have any questions about your objective ? I am a little confused about this doohickey . Why don 't you come over here , show me how it works ? You may leave us , Jason . Goodbye , Dr. Jason Wilkes . ♪ Something wrong ? No . No . I 'm just excited to get to work . [ Siren walls in distance ] We can still call it off if you 're having second thoughts . There 's no going back now . Only forward . [ Static ] [ Groans , inhales sharply ] [ Static , ballroom music playing ] Testing , Mr. Jarvis . Do you read me ? Jarvis : Loud and clear , Miss Carter . Though it pains me to say it , Miss Underwood is a phenomenal dancer . The decadence in this place is truly repulsive . [ Music continues ] We 're reading you , too , Underwood . Have you seen Whitney Frost yet ? Jarvis : I 've just spotted her now . She 's campaigning with her husband . [ Music continues ] Well , looky who 's here . It 's the blond one . ♪ We should go say hi . ♪ It 's not even a question of security to me . Communism is a moral issue . The very ideals of our nation are under threat . I feel the same way , Mr. Chadwick . Now , when I 'm elected , my primary focus will be defending our borders and beating back this red invasion . Which means more resources and money for men like you . We 'll take all the help we can get . Thompson here led the team that was responsible for capturing a major Soviet threat on U.S. soil . Ah . That 's the kind of people this country needs ... True born leaders . Such a shame you 're so good at your job , Chief Thompson . Ma 'am ? I 'd love to take that handsome face of yours and have you co-star with me in my next picture . [ Chuckling ] I , uh ... no . [ Both chuckle ] But thank you ? She 's my secret weapon , Jack . When we get to D.C. , those old senators won 't know what hit them . Carter : Thompson ? Our Jack Thompson ? Sousa : The hell is he doing here ? He appears to be rubbing elbows with Miss Frost and Mr. Chadwick . Want me to kill him ? - Do not kill him ! - Do not kill him ! Come on . It 'll be quick . Miss Carter , I think we must abort this mission . Abort . Abort . Abort . Mr. Jarvis , the clock is ticking for Dr. Wilkes . This is our only real , viable opportunity to acquire the sample from Whitney . You must find a way to complete your objective without being spotted by Thompson . Can you do that ? Yes . Yes , I can . All right , Miss Underwood ... Oh , dear . I told you Chadwick would be a powerful friend . He certainly does seem to have our best interests in mind . This room is filled with powerful friends . That 's Thomas Gloucester . His financial firm has a hand in every dollar that flows through Wall Street . There 's Mortimer Hayes . He controls every major newspaper west of the Mississippi . These are the men that keep this world spinning . And they 're starting to know your name . [ Gasps ] You 've played your cards well so far . There 's only one conspicuous stain on your record . What 's that ? Jack , you know Hugh Jones . Oh , sure . He came to my New York office last year , ruffling feathers . You tell him about that girl ? What girl ? A few nights ago , one of Hugh 's storage facilities was raided . The atomic material used in a prototype rocket was stolen . My intel says it was Peggy Carter . You coming after me again , golden boy ? No . I had no idea . Hugh , give us a moment , okay ? [ Chuckles ] This Carter woman is disobeying your direct orders . Now , if you want to impress the people in this room , climb the only ladder that counts , you can 't let a-a female subordinate make an ass out of you like this . Yeah ? I have pulled the fox back out of the henhouse . Every second we remain here puts us in more peril . Mr. Jarvis , you have a valid reason to be in attendance . You need to keep Thompson occupied while Dottie retrieves the sample . You think you can handle that , Underwood ? I don 't know . It 's such a complicated plan . Miss Underwood , you ... are a nuisance . But for the next 10 minutes , you are going to follow instructions , and you will conduct yourself like a professional . Is that understood ? Yes , sir , Jeeves . Good . Now , I see Miss Frost heading towards the powder room . [ Slurps ] Follow my lead . Whiskey ... Up to here , please . You should smile more . Hasn 't been much of a smiling night . Well , night 's not over yet . [ Chuckles ] Chief Thompson . It is you . Jarvis ? Do you know I 've just won a $ 50 wager with Mr. O. Selznick . He thought you were Burt Lancaster . I didn 't know this was a butler-friendly affair . Oh , Mr. Stark is a contributor . He likes to keep things diverse politically . Funny , I don 't remember you wearing glasses . Oh , I 've developed a slight astigmatism in one eye . I think they make me look rather refined . Where 's Carter ? Sitting by Mr. Stark 's swimming pool , reading a rather bawdy pulp novel last time I saw her . I find that hard to believe . And why 's that ? Because she wouldn 't miss an opportunity to ruin this evening for Calvin Chadwick . So , if you 'll excuse me , I have a sudden urge to go secure the perimeter . Uh , are you sure it 's wise to , uh ... To cause such an uproar at your employer 's party ? My employer ? Yes . Mr. Chadwick . He 's always looking out for ambitious men like yourself to do his bidding . You 're just his type . Oh . I 'm chief in the New York SSR . I serve the federal government . Oh , yes . My mistake . [ Chuckles ] When he 's elected senator , Chadwick and I will work together ... To protect this country . Well , I find that hard to believe . Thanks for the input . I 'll be sure to forget it as soon as you 're out of my sight . One final word of advice . I know you fancy yourself a political animal , but you are decidedly out of your depth , Chief Thompson ... [ Chuckles ] And these waters are full of sharks . Some advice for you . A little baking soda will help get the stains out when you 're doing Stark 's laundry . Well , everybody knows that . [ Door closes ] Oh , my gosh . I am such a klutz . Are you okay ? I didn 't stick you , did I ? This thing will not stay on . I didn 't feel a thing . [ Door opens , closes ] ♪ That was Whitney Frost just now . Underwood , do you have the sample ? [ Static ] What on earth is that ? ♪ [ Indistinct conversation in distance ] I understand that . No . No , no , no , no , no . [ Conversation continues ] ♪ [ Conversation continues ] [ Door closes ] ♪ Gentlemen , thank you for agreeing to this meeting . Without further ado , my wife , Whitney Frost . Distinguished Council members . [ Sighs ] It is such an honor to be here today . Since the discovery of zero matter , I have been a vocal advocate for its research and development in the energy market . But I was wrong . I was wrong about zero matter , and for that , I wanted to apologize . The mistake I made was in thinking that this discovery was about energy . This is not about energy . This is about power ... The kind of power that could bring the world to its knees . But why tell you ... ♪ - [ Gasps ] - When I can show you ? ♪ [ Rat squeaking ] ♪ Observe . [ Squealing ] ♪ [ Gasps ] ♪ [ Panting ] I-I must say , uh , we all thought you were going crazy , but thank you for bringing this to our attention . I believe we 're all in agreement on how to proceed . [ Snaps fingers ] Darling , you were perfect . [ Grunts ] Chadwick : Do not let her touch you ! Cal ! Cal , what 's going on ? - I 'm sorry . - Cal ! [ Grunting ] ♪ No , no . [ Frost panting ] ♪ [ Panting ] Now ... Hold on . ♪ [ Rumbling ] [ Screams ] [ Screams ] ♪ [ Frost panting ] ♪ No . Whitney , please . Whitney , please . Darling , I 'm sorry . I trusted you . I know . Please . No , no . Please . I made you . Please . ♪ [ Screaming ] ♪ I 'd like to call this meeting to order . ♪ Any objections ? Mr. Jones , I need unrestricted access to all Roxxon facilities . Um ... yes , ma 'am . I 'm also gonna need you to speak to Vernon masters , bring him up to speed on this administrative overhaul . Will that be a problem ? No , ma 'am . Mr. Hayes , I 'm gonna need your publications to fabricate a story on the sudden disappearance of my husband and those other pasty buffoons . Yes , Miss Frost . Good . Good . I have chosen you to be a part of my Council because I believe that each of you can contribute to my plans . And I promise you , as long as you remain loyal and of use to me , I will bring you unlimited power unlike anything this world has every seen . I have something to say . Yes , Mr. Jones ? I 'm very excited about this collaboration , and I look forward to seeing where your leadership takes us , Miss Frost . Thank you , Mr. Jones . ♪ Meeting adjourned . I have broken away from Chief Thompson , but he is overtly suspicious of my presence and on high alert for you , Miss Carter . Carter : I heard the entire conversation . Well-played , Mr. Jarvis . Underwood dumped her radio . Do you have eyes on her ? I am , uh , presently engaged in a frenzied search for her while speaking to my glasses like a madman . Keep looking . Help is on the way . We have to go in . Peggy , you 're injured . If you get spotted , you can 't run . If you get cornered , you can 't fight . So I 'll improvise . Ooh . [ Inhales sharply ] You okay ? [ Weakly ] Fine . [ Clears throat ] You sure ? Mm-hmm . Oh . 'Cause it looks like you just popped your stitches trying to open a door . [ Breathing heavily ] Not fun when your body quits on you , is it ? Welcome to my world . Oh , how do you cope with it ? I 'll tell you when I learn how . But it helps to know that sometimes , you have to put your faith in others to get the job done . [ Moans ] ♪ Great party . Bring her to me ... Alive ! How is it ? Somewhere between infuriating and embarrassing . Looks like I 'll have to schedule a follow-up appointment with Violet . Yeah , well ... We 'll see . Is there a problem ? Nah , we 'll get you fixed up . I meant with Violet . Uh ... no . Not at all . [ Switches click ] Daniel ! Violet , um ... Broke off the engagement . - What ? ! - Why ? It 's complicated . Who does she think she is that she can do better than you ? That 's not it . I messed up . Then I 'll speak to her . - No ! - Nonsense . I will go on your behalf and enlighten her to the massive blunder that she 's about to make . - That is not a good idea . - Of course it is . I 'm very persuasive . Peggy , she broke it off with me because she thinks I 'm in love with you . ♪ Oh , my God . Daniel ... It 's fine . It 's all right . N-no , it isn 't . You were happy out here , and then I came and mucked up your whole life . Maybe I was just fooling myself . I 'm so sorry . Truly . ♪ [ Inhales sharply ] ♪ [ Crash ] [ Gasps ] Miss Carter ? Hello ? Hello ? [ Gasps ] Oh , no . ♪ [ Man grunting ] [ Dottie grunting ] ♪ [ Gun clicks ] Miss Underwood . [ Grunts ] [ Both grunt ] Nice to see you again . ♪ No I.D. and a gun ... The guy 's private security . This is bad . Dottie is either in or causing trouble . Regardless , we ... [ Door opens ] I have tried repeatedly to make contact with ... oh . Who 's the dead gentleman ? The one who caved in the roof of the van and knocked out communications . - Where 's Dottie ? - I have no idea . I searched everywhere , though I did manage to recover this . She disappeared but left the sample of zero matter behind ? It would appear so . But we can use the tracking device implanted in her necklace . The receiver was crushed with the rest of our gear . We need to get back to Stark 's and make repairs . No , I 'm not leaving Dottie Underwood in the wild . Mr. Jarvis , take me in with you . I would love to , Miss Carter , but I 've just been escorted out rather forcefully by hotel security . Apparently , they didn 't appreciate my snooping around the upper floors . Peggy , the party 's over . Look . [ Indistinct conversations ] It 's too risky . We stay here , we blow our cover . I don 't like it , either , but retreat is our only option right now . [ Sighs ] Let 's go . ♪ This is all a bit much , Hugh . [ Chuckles ] Forgive me if I take a moment to process it . Trust me , you 're getting this news the easy way . - Whitney Frost ? - Mm-hmm . And there 's no room for pushback ? She 's calling the shots now . You get that package to her tonight . ♪ [ Door opens ] Nice work , son . Thank you , Vernon . Yeah . [ Door closes ] Really a great job of cleaning up the mess you made . What 's that supposed to mean ? This is your girl Carter . This whole fiasco 's got her fingerprints all over it . I think you got this mixed up . That was Underwood that we just ... Underwood was sprung with the help of a female psychiatrist . Who else besides Carter would be so reckless as to let that nut case loose on this party ? You said yourself that you saw Stark 's butler here , acting fishy . Well , we all know that those two are thick as thieves . It doesn 't make sense . [ Sighs ] If it is Carter , what 's the angle ? What 's she trying to accomplish ? It doesn 't matter . You 're gonna have to take her out . I 'm not gonna kill Peggy Carter . Who said kill ? That would be wrong ... Both morally and strategically . Killing makes her a martyr , shines more of a light on her . I need you to destroy the very idea of her ... Discredit , disgrace , and subdue Agent Carter so that all this misguided work that she 's done becomes unquestionably invalid . That presents a whole new set of problems . Oh , God . I must be slipping in my old age . She 's got something on you , doesn 't she ? Don 't say it . You don 't need to tell me what it is . It must be pretty bad , though ... Shameful , even . I 'll tell you this , Jack ... The only way to fight leverage is with leverage . Dig something up on her . Everybody 's got secrets . Carter 's a girl scout . If you can 't find a way to take her down ... Then I have to question whether you 're suited for high command in this government . There is no question , sir . ♪ [ Grunts , exhales sharply ] I can 't tell you how relieved I am to see this . This could save my life . I-I can 't thank you enough . [ Exhales sharply ] Ana helped me sketch some blueprints for a containment chamber . It should be a relatively easy construction . These are the blueprints here . You 'll want to take a look and see what materials we 'll need . I 'd like to start building it as soon as possible . I 'm sorry , Dr. Wilkes . We 'll have to look at them later . Later ? Dottie Underwood gave us the slip . As long as she 's unaccounted for , there 's no way to calculate how many lives are in danger . But I 'm in the middle of ... Miss Carter , a visitor . It 's Chief Thompson . Is that good or bad ? - Don 't go . - I 'll be fine . It 's not worth the risk . Jarvis can send him packing . I 'll be the next stop on his blame train . I 'll take the heat for you . That 's kind , Daniel , but I can handle Jack Thompson . ♪ [ Inhales sharply ] ♪ Oh , this is unexpected . [ Clears throat ] Sorry for the hour . Hope I didn 't wake ya . - No , I 'm an early riser . - That 's funny . Sure look like you 're coming off a long night . Oh . [ Chuckles ] Your charm knows no bounds . It 's a wonder you 're not married yet . You ever heard of a Dr. Katherine Wexford ? I haven 't . Who is she ? You know her . I think she 's someone very close to you . I knew a Katherine Hornstock once , but we weren 't that close . I know what you 're doing , Carter . Is there something I can do for you , Chief Thompson ? I 'm on a flight back to New York at 4 : 30 . You 're coming with me . Sorry . I can 't do that . I wasn 't asking . And there 's no place in my office for agents who can 't follow simple orders . Well , it 's not the best job market out there for women right now , but I 'll just have to manage . Don 't do this . Do what ? You 're chasing bogeymen down into a pit of quicksand . Please , just get on this flight with me . Leave all this behind . It 's okay to be wrong from time to time . Believe it or not , I 've been wrong before . I know what it feels like . I 'm not wrong . Not this time . How much you willing to bet on it ? Mm ... Everything I 've got . That 's a lot to lose . But I won 't lose . Yes , you will . And when you do ... You 'll never see it coming . ♪ Good luck , Peggy . [ Sighs ] ♪
