 Announcer : You 're watching second chance . What we 're about to do should be left to god . Catch all-new episodes wednesdays and check out our other fox programs- - Rosewood , bones and lucifer . - What 's your name ? - Lucifer . Like the devil ? Only on fox . Previously on " second chance " ... Woman : Disgraced sheriff jimmy pritchard Took his own life today . [ zapping ] You 're the first to journey all the way back , To get another chance . Jimmy : I know you . You 're one of those rich computer twins . Otto recoded your white blood cells To fight the cancer in my blood . You brought me back to save you . Otto : The donor grows much stronger Than any of my models anticipated . Why does he think he 's my father ? Because he is . I 'm here about finalizing the merger . I need to know you 'll take care of otto . After me , you 're the only person he trusts . I 'll take care of otto . What 's wrong with him ? The glitch did not exist in the subject 's original code . His genetic code is evolving . His own body 's rewriting it . Mary . The numbers from your most recent blood labs , They 're improving . His blood is making you better . For some reason that defies me , she connects with you . [ heart beating ] Dr. Lesueur : She will be a beautiful monster . I 'll be back in a few hours . Bury the other girl outside while I 'm gone . Make sure the hole is deep . Sleep . Let the drugs hold you down . [ rock music plays ] â ™ ª high ho , triple sow cow â ™ ª â ™ ª I 've got a feeling like a tired old flow â ™ ª â ™ ª but I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª gasoline â ™ ª saccharin â ™ ª I got no reason for the state I 'm in â ™ ª â ™ ª but I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª hotel â ™ ª taco bell â ™ ª I got the hit that you know damn well â ™ ª â ™ ª but I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª cut , tease â ™ ª better believe â ™ ª I got a feeling that I 'm underneath â ™ ª â ™ ª but I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª but it 's all right , it 's okay â ™ ª â ™ ª I got the time , but the time don 't pay â ™ ª â ™ ª it 's all right , it 's okay â ™ ª â ™ ª I got the time , but the time don 't pay â ™ ª â ™ ª it 's all right , it 's okay â ™ ª â ™ ª I got the time , but the time don 't pay â ™ ª â ™ ª it 's all right , it 's okay â ™ ª How many are we going to have to bury before he gets one right ? â ™ ª Jilly : [ whimpering ] [ whimpering ] â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am [ whimpering ] â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am [ screams ] â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be Damn , lady ! Monsters ! They 're monsters ! â ™ ª so let me be What a day , otto . The kind of day that makes you feel young . Well , I am young , but still . You know the kind of day that just makes you want to grab it with both hands ? No . You don 't look out there and think there 's just a world Of trouble I can 't wait to get into ? No . Well , you wouldn 't . Where 's mary ? I got the supercharger hooked up to the riviera . Maybe she wants to celebrate her remission By taking a ride up the coast . Throw back a few clams and pitchers of beer . Mary doesn 't throw back clams or pitchers . And , anyway , she 's in a hotel having sex with connor graf . [ coughs ] she 's where , doing what ? She 's in a hotel , having sex ... With connor graf . Who the hell 's connor graf ? Arthur : Connor graf , age 34 , c.E.O. Incentric biosystems . Estimated net worth - - $ 1.2 billion . Interests include artisanal small-batch bourbon , Rock climbing , french new wave cinema . That bothers you ? No , I just didn 't know she was seeing someone . Connor 's the man she has sex with . I don 't believe she 's seeing him . I - - I guess I 'll just take a ride up the coast on my own , then . Before you do , you might be interested to know That there should not be another glitch in your code . Good to know . I replicated the code in these . [ beeping ] Uh ... Any further changes should show up in these subjects first . Actually , I 'd like to draw some blood from you And run a quick series of tests To ensure that you and the rats are all lined up . [ chuckles , sighing ] [ chuckles ] I needed that . Needed that or needed me ? [ laughs ] you know what I mean . We need to talk about the merger . I don 't want you to worry about that , all right ? Your company and otto are in safe hands , I promise you . You have enough to deal with , So I don 't want you to worry about that . Okay ? When we first started discussing the merger , I 'd just been given six months to live . Mm . I needed to make sure lookinglass was in good hands . Yeah . That otto 's place there would be secure . But I have more than six months to live now . Remission ? Not fully but improvement . My numbers are better . [ laughs ] that 's great . Well , we need to celebrate . We - - we need to go somewhere . We need to - - connor ... The merger . I don 't want to plan for my end anymore . I need to call off the merger . I know it was a lot of work . [ sighs ] Look , don 't - - don 't even mention it . It 's all lawyer stuff . One phone call , it all goes away . Mm ! That 's perfect . So davos or rio ? Neither . Work . I feel good . And I want to work . [ door closes ] [ sighs ] [ inhaling , exhaling heavily ] Bitch . [ police radio chatter ] Duval : Yeah , what do you have ? She said she woke up on a table . There were three people in the room , But she only got a good look at one of them . Can she I.D. Him ? Well , you should maybe go ask her that yourself , sir . [ cellphone beeps ] [ cellphone rings ] [ siren wails in distance ] [ cellphone beeps ] I 'm in the middle of something . All right , what you working on ? You need any help ? No . I have to go now , all right ? Are you , uh - - you , grace , and helen Still coming to peng 's later ? Look , gracie 's away on a class trip . Mm , right . Yeah , she is . Uh , you and helen , then - - pritchard family dinner . Sounds good , right ? I 'll do my best . Is that police radio ? Are you on a crime scene , duval ? Duval ? [ cellphone beeps ] That was definitely a police radio . What are you doing , duval ? Agent duval is currently Investigating a kidnapping case . Well , now we 're talking . Artie , do any of the deputies on the scene have those , uh , Body cams ? [ siren wails ] [ chuckles ] Artie , if you weren 't some creepy little kiddy cartoon , I 'd kiss you . [ police radio chatter ] Oh , they 've got cadaver dogs . I love cadaver dogs . Means they 're looking for a dead body . Turn it up . [ volume increases , helicopter blades whirring ] Helicopters . Ma 'am ? What the hell 's going on out there ? I 'm agent pritchard , fb . You said you got a good look at one of the men . Not men .. Monster . Monsters ? Monsters ? Sir ? You should come and see this . Duval : Excuse me , ma 'am . Stay with her . Arthur , what 's that address ? [ indistinct talking ] [ engine shuts off ] [ helicopter blades whirring , car door closes ] [ police radio chatter ] How did you find out about this ? Lookinglass . What , the radios ? Body cam ? Yeah . Look , I heard what happened . Why don 't you let me work this one with you , huh ? This means something to you . Why ? I heard what the witness said . Never seen a real monster before . And you 're not going to now . Look , if what she thinks she saw is real , These people need to be stopped , and it 's what I do . So just let me stop them . There is nothing to do . What , why ? You already caught them ? Them ? There are no them . There 's nothing out there . There never was anything out there . It 's empty . Clean . No dna . Luminol shows no blood . No body . And certainly no surgical table or instruments . What we have are the drug-induced delusions Of a party girl Who works part-time for a high-end escort service . Test her blood ? Mm-hmm . Positive for mdma . She was high , and she saw monsters . [ sighs ] okay , well ... I 'll let you get back to whatever it is you were doing . All right . Uh , dinner at peng 's , though , right ? Yeah , dinner at peng 's . [ siren wails ] [ police radio chatter ] [ scoffs ] Great . You another agent come to say you don 't believe me ? I 'm not with the fbi . I just work with them sometimes . Uh , I heard your statement . That I 'm some whore , High on molly , seeing things ? You know , that house was empty . It 's ... You know what ? Screw you and screw this . There were monsters , they were real , and they were after me . And now no one 's gonna stop them . Ma 'am , I can drive you home now . Hey , I - - I think I can help you . I 'm not asking anyone for any more help . If what you saw is real , you might want to rethink that . [ police radio chatter ] You live here ? Yep . [ scoffs ] okay , so exactly what kind of fbi consultant Has this home ? Otto : It 's not his home . You can 't have people here . Oh , yeah ? Why ? I assume you know why , And you 're baiting me with that question . What does he mean , not your home ? He 's joking . I 'm incapable of joking . Who is she , and why is she here ? That 's my business . Nothing to do with you or mary . It 's my business , otto , And if you don 't mind , I 'd like to get back to it . My sister lets you go out because she thinks you need it . That was twinspeak . Why do you live with otto goodwin ? I work for them sometimes . Them ? Does mary live here , too ? Jilly , let 's just talk about last night , huh ? [ sighs ] What 's the last thing you remember ? [ sighs ] I went for a run , and I ended up in that house . This monster you saw , describe it to me . Why ? I 've seen enough things in my life to ... Believe you . Artie ? May I help you ? Artie , she 's gonna describe something to you , And I want you to make a sketch . Okay , mr . Pritchard . Whenever you 're ready , jilly . Um , he ... It ... It had an oval-shaped face . [ beeping ] And a shaved head . Horns , little ones . No , under the skin . Dr. Lesueur : Is this everything ? Yes . From the house ? We watched the feds from up in the hills . There 's nothing of us left to find . They think the girl was just tripping . Good . We 'll get someone else for you to work on . Can 't be someone else . I chose her . It has to be her . He had dark eyes , piercings , I remember . [ beeping ] On his nose and above his eyebrows . [ beeps ] I ... I don 't think I want to do this . You - - you 're doing great . Come on , you got this . [ sighs ] Keep going . His ears were pointed . [ beeping continues ] [ door opens , closes ] Hi . I just came back to change in between meetings . Everything okay ? Yes . I 'm working , and pritchard 's upstairs with a prostitute . Initiating facial-recognition software . [ exhales sharply ] [ breathing shakily ] Oh ! It 's real . It really happened . [ sighs ] You must be the - - Jilly . This is jilly . You were gonna say " hooker . " Just a word . Go ahead , say it . Jilly 's in trouble . I 'm helping here out . Is there a problem here ? I 'll just give you some space . Can I ask if she 's in trouble Why the police aren 't handling it ? They don 't believe her . For some reason , you do believe her ? She 's in trouble . I brought her home . I mean , this is my home , isn 't it ? If I want to be with someone , I can bring them back to where I live . I don 't have to sneak off to a hotel . Wait , are we talking about me now ? Those the same clothes you wore last night ? What has gotten into you ? Your brother 's code . Oh . Sometimes I forget you 're - - What ? What am I ? You 're one of a kind . You must get lonely . You must get scared . [ beep ] facial recognition match . Caleb the widowmaker . That 's him . He 's real ! That 's him ! Arthur , what am I looking at ? I matched this sketch to a photo From an underground body modification website . A what ? Body modification is the deliberate altering Of the human physical appearance For aesthetics , sexual enhancement , Or rites of passage . Nice . And this mr . Widowmaker , any idea where I could find him ? He works at a bar called the inkwell . Jilly , you sure this is the guy ? I 'm gonna go take care of something . Jilly 's gonna stay here till I 'm done . [ sighs ] Look , I didn 't mean to mess up Whatever situation you have going here . I really do respect you . A strong woman in a man 's world . Would you like some tea ? Yes . But tea with wine and no tea . Good idea . And maybe a change of clothes . â ™ ª First time alone with an escort ? I think so . Yes . Well , he seemed to know his way around . With escorts ? Yes , I believe he 's had some experience from before . Before what ? Before he came to live here . Just so you know , uh , he and I didn 't do anything . That is none of my business . We 're not in a relationship . So he 's with your brother . Otto ? No . Why would you say that ? Just the way you both were real unhappy That he brought me back here . I figured he must be with one or both of you . What do you think of him ? I think he 's a badass . But ... But what ? Something else . He 's kind of an old soul , you know ? [ rock music playing ] [ indistinct talking ] â ™ ª ... Tell some more lies [ indistinct singing ] â ™ ª it 's spreading like a disease â ™ ª Caleb the widowmaker ? Do I know you ? This is you . I 'm just wondering is " the " your middle name , Or is " the widowmaker " your last name ? Where do you think you 're going ? Just want to ask you a question . [ patrons yelling ] I know what you did to jilly in that house , caleb . [ grunting ] [ screams ] [ punches landing ] [ glass shatters ] â ™ ª Helen : Well , he said he 'd be here . He says a lot of things . Maybe we should just go ahead and order . Look , he grew up not knowing us . Imagine what it was like for him Knowing we were his family and not being able to see us . I mean , he 's - - he 's a bastard , duval . Yes , helen , he is a bastard . If he wants a pritchard family dinner , I think he should have one . Well , if he wants a pritchard family dinner , Then he should show up for it . Jimmy : Duval , helen . [ sighs ] Well , three siblings . Here we are . Should we order drinks ? The man jilly saw , he 's real . Who 's jilly ? The escort he drove off with from my crime scene last night . Well , you 're not a very good boss to let that happen . He 's not my boss . We work together . He 's not a monster , either . He 's a man , and he works at the inkwell . You went after him , didn 't you ? I 'm guessing he 's either in the trunk of your car or long gone . There was a little bit of a fight , and I did lose him . But I have this . Oh ! Now it 's a pritchard family dinner . That 's - - He has some kind of elf ear on him . The don 't use their real names in there , But with this , we could find him . You want me to get a dna sample of the blood from an elf ear ? No , he tried to grab it back . I want you to run this bloody fingerprint right here . Swelling 's gone down nicely . Now , don 't be surprised If someone mistakes you for your daughter . Oh ! [ knock on door ] Dr. Lesueur , a patient keeps calling . I told him you were in a consult , But he says it 's an emergency . I 'll be right back . I told you never to come here . Some fed came to the bar asking questions . What did you tell him ? Nothing . I swear it . I got away . Looks like it hurts . Meet me at the garage , I 'll make everything better , all right ? Gloria : Okay , that fingerprint is a match to a caleb hammond . First offense . 18 years old , killed his neighbor 's dogs ... With a garden trowel . Caleb at 21 . In for possession . Caleb at 24 . Now in for assault . Can you connect him to the house they found jilly in ? Bank owns that house . It 's been empty for the past six years . Caleb 's last known address is here ... With his wife . You pay him a visit . You can flash him your badge , ask him some questions . I 'll just stay out of it . I will . I 'll just stay out of it . Thank you . [ text messages swoosh ] Are you leaving ? Yeah . I got to get back to my life . Which isn 't here , you know ? James wanted you to stay . Are you sure ? I have a cab waiting . I thought he brought me back here to save me . And don 't get me wrong - - He was the only one who believed me . Why did he bring you back here ? To show you he was saving me . Although , him being a man , it 's 50-50 if he even knows that . See ya . [ door opens ] [ door closes ] We have nothing on the guy who lives here . [ doorbell rings ] well , he is a dog-killing monster . Hmm . Took you long enough . [ baby cooing ] Come on , the sink 's this way . You 're not the plumbers . No , ma 'am . Fbi . It 's about caleb ? I threw him out last year When he started calling himself the widowmaker . So whatever he 's done , you 're gonna have to Go ask whoever it is he 's making miserable now . This the , uh , sink that 's giving you trouble ? Yeah . Ew . Lucky for you , I made sure duval knows his way around a j-trap . Remember the house on elm When you stuck a toy soldier down one of these things , Some kind of crazy rescue mission ? Your mom had guests over and it was gonna be ... [ chuckles ] Don 't just stand there . Ask the nice lady where a wrench is or find a bucket . You have a wrench or a bucket ? It 's about time . It 's throbbing like crazy . All right . Well , sit down , and we 'll get started . I thought you liked pain . Only when I ask for it . Can you tell me why you asked your husband to leave ? He got too weird . How did caleb get weird ? He 'd go on about beauty , How some beautiful people are monsters , They just don 't know it . But he was gonna show them . Caleb had some bad times . He had it rough as a kid . But he was putting it all behind him . All behind him until ... ? Until he started hanging out with this cutter . Cutter ? What 's a cutter ? The illegal doctors who do the more extreme modifications . Like horns ? Yeah , horns , branding , Scarification , penis-splitting , you know ... W-wait , what was - - what was the last one ? These cutters , they use surgical tools , right ? Yeah , they do . You have the name of this cutter ? No names . That work they do is so illegal . Caleb was always so freaking voldemort about it . Okay , good . Well , what can you tell us about voldemort ? He 's kidding . Oh . [ disposal whirring ] You 're paralyzed , but I know you can hear me . I want to thank you for all you 've done , but ... It 's all about jilly now . You 've been in love , you understand . When she looks at you and knows you for who you are . You see , I can 't risk getting caught . And that fed knew you , and you know me , So I 'm gonna push this blade in deeper , and you will die . Now , I know you only like pain that you ask for , So don 't worry , my dear and sweet widowmaker . It won 't hurt . Caleb hammond , a.K.A. Caleb the widowmaker , Came under the influence of a cutter who uses surgical tools . Surgical tools is what jilly says she saw at the house . This is real , duval . Yeah . Okay . First thing we do is get jilly somewhere safe . I didn 't exactly like that talk About caleb showing beautiful people How they 're really monsters . She is somewhere safe . I left her at goodwin house . [ sighs ] [ car door alarm chiming ] [ car door shuts ] Thanks for coming to get me . Of course . My pleasure . [ engine starts ] You just let her walk out the door ? She 's a grown woman . What was I supposed to do ? Did she tell you where she was going ? Did she give me the name of the man who is going to pay her for sex ? No . [ elevator bell dings ] So tonight , the usual three hours ? Yes . Why don 't you go run a bath , And , uh , I 'll get us some drinks ? That sounds really nice . I can 't find her phone . You sure you gave me the correct number ? Yes , I 'm sure . Duval : Even if it 's off , you should be able To push through and find it , right ? Even if the battery 's out , we should be able to find it . Well , what the hell does it mean ? [ electricity zaps ] [ microwave beeping ] [ cork pops ] Who was the last person she contacted ? Jilly got a text before she left . Did you pull it off the cloud ? Yes , from a disposable phone . He must be a regular client , someone she trusts . If he 's the cutter , then we got to find him . I 've got a more low-tech idea . Let 's go . [ door opens , closes ] [ speaking twinspeak ] I have something to ask . What is it ? Will you marry me ? It 's beautiful . Just like I always knew it would be . [ sighs ] What happened ? W-why 'd you stop ? No , I 'm just - - I 'm having a little trouble Getting into it tonight . Do you mind just giving me a minute and we can start again ? Sure , yeah . Okay . A-are you okay ? You , uh ... You seem distant . I had this thing happen to me . What ? Were you hurt ? No . But it made me feel like I couldn 't take care of myself . And I 've spent my life taking care of me . No one 's gonna take that from me . Good for you . That 's important . Hmm . What 's in this ? I know that taste . Pharmaceutical mdma . That 's what I put in your water bottle Before you went for your run the other night . What ? After I left , they said that you cut yourself free And you - - you ran for it . You can take care of yourself . [ sighs ] that only makes me love you more . We are gonna be so happy together . You were there , behind the light . You were the man behind the light . [ gasping ] Ohh . Oh ! [ rock music playing ] â ™ ª you know I need more â ™ ª baby , I need more â ™ ª gonna get down on your floor My friend mr . Widowmaker around ? No , not since you beat the crap out of him . What do you want ? Oh , uh ... I 'll take a cutter . Cutter ? Don 't know what that is . Duval : Sure you do . The cutters are the ones who do the extreme work . Like penis-splitting . Okay . Why don 't you act your age ? Hmm ? Yeah . We just want to have a talk with him . Bartender : Listen , I can 't help you . We don 't mention their names for a reason . They make all this possible . We turn them in , we go against our community . Even if one of them is a killer . We don 't say their names . Ever . [ door opens ] there he is . Hey , you know , why don 't you just let me Show you a little old seattle , huh ? Maybe you 'll learn something . Hey , hey , hey , hey ! Y-you 're fbi . You can 't do this ! No , turns out he 's not fbi . Then what is he ? Oh , you 'd need a science background to understand it . I just want to show you something . This is the hospital . I 'm having a little trouble figuring out , You know , who I am , where I fit in . But I feel like in this alley , I fit right in , don 't you ? I can 't give you a name . Please . You see , this guy ... This is the morgue . You got a pen ? That 's how you used to do it ? I 'm a monster . I know . The things that I 've done . Now , I know you saw one of my mistakes . Right ? There were others before you , I admit it - - Weaker women . See ... I was looking for someone strong , like you . Because no one deserves to be alone , Even a monster like me . And you said you 'd be mine . You took my ring over and over And said that you 'd share my life . So if I 'm a monster and you love me ... You must be a monster , too . I promise you , jilly , I will make you a beautiful monster . But monsters ... Don 't have soft , pure skin . See , some monsters have leathery skin . Some have scales . Some monsters - - Well , some monsters are covered in feathers . Black feathers . We 'll tattoo the feathers , then I think we 'll implant the claws . Then we 'll take that face of yours off and give you another . All right . [ needle buzzing ] [ elevator bell dings ] Pritchards ? What - - no ! Wait , no , you can 't go in there ! Mary , I tried to stop them . They barged . It 's okay , alexa . You can go . This is about jilly ? These are the drivers license photos of the six cutters That we got from the bartender at the inkwell . We need to know if any of them has spent any time with jilly . So use your facial-recognition software That I 'm not supposed to know about To see if you can put any of them with her . No . What ? No . I 'm not a monkey that jumps Every time you say " solve a puzzle . " Get on your machine right now . I 'm not gonna ask you again . Otto ! I 'll do it myself . Arthur ? Yes , mary ? No . Arthur is mine . No , mary . Implement my override . [ beeps ] override implemented . Should I use lookinglass facial recognition To associate any of the photos on your desk To the woman who was in our house yesterday ? Yes , arthur . Go ahead and do that . [ beeping ] That was taken last year . He 's wanted her for a long time . Now I 'm making this official . Duval : You need to go home . What ? Go home ? Your gut was right . Now let the people with badges finish this . We 'll get him . You go on home now . [ car door shuts , engine starts ] He 's wanted in florida under a different name . Eight dead prostitutes , all surgically altered . The coroner said they all died during the process . We 're gonna hit his apartment , his office , And any other known residence . Clea ! Check the bedroo , over her . Clea . Place is empty , si . They waited six hours for him to show up Hoping he 'd lead them to jilly . But she 's not in there . And now he knows the fbi is on to him . Yeah . What about her ? Jilly ? Tell you what I used to tell my men . Sometimes you do everything right And the bad guys still win . I used to hate giving that speech , Some deputy trying his best not to cry . You 're saying the world is , you know , full of bad men - - I mean , real bad men out there just laughing at you . The best thing about my last few years in this chair Is I didn 't have to give that speech anymore . [ sighs ] You don 't have to be the sheriff . Oh , then I wouldn 't know what I was . It 's all I have left of me . [ knock on door ] I solved it because I couldn 't help myself . So you might as well know . Solved what , otto ? She said they used a light . The previous location the doctor was using , The house in the woods , was owned by the bank . The banker handling it ... Is a client of dr . Lesueur 's . I compiled a list of the other bank-owned properties Handled by the same banker . They total 136 , all empty . But jilly said they used a light . So I had arthur check to see If any of those abandoned properties Are now pulling power off the grid . And we found one . [ needle buzzing ] [ humming ] The hard part comes next . There 's always so much blood . [ whimpering ] â ™ ª Jilly : [ whimpering ] Uxor : [ gasps ] [ muffled talking ] Shh . â ™ ª Oh , no . Where is she ? She was the one ! She loved me ! Where is she ? ! I 'm right here . [ grunts ] Aah ! You think killing him will make this all go away ? It 's a start . I get that , I do . But if you kill him ... It will change you . There 's no coming back from that . It 's up to you . It 's your choice . [ breathing heavily ] [ grunts ] Those tattoos , what he did to you You can get them removed . These feathers are me now , not him . It 's what I 've been through ... How strong I can be . You need to go with him now . Okay ? [ car door closes ] What am I gonna find in there ? Just a couple of guys who thought they were bad . But you showed them , didn 't you ? [ engine starts ] [ rock music playing ] â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be â ™ ª I know what I am , they know what they are â ™ ª â ™ ª so let me be [ sighs ] Now that the merger 's off , I 'm not going to be able to get otto . I can 't do the science without him . I-I can 't make this work without otto . You 're gonna have to work harder . I tell you everything they tell me . I need you to get me otto 's lab work and notes . If I can 't have otto , I need his work , all right ? All of it . Well , that 's inside their house , then . I 'm the only person mary trusts there . You 're a good person . And you hate to violate her trust . But this is how we get what you want . Don 't forget what you want . I 'm home . Did you have a good day ? Yes . [ sighs ] What is it , my dear ? Do you think you can do the wrong things For the right reason ? I used to have a scar on this ankle . This body doesn 't have it . The scar you got in the tank is the only one that doesn 't heal . Each time you go back in the tank , You 're restored without imperfections . I got that imperfection climbing over a fence Separating me from a secret swimming hole . I proposed to my wife that day . The other day , duval told me to go home . I came here . This is your home If you want it to be . â ™ ª You 've just watched second chance . Now here are a few more shows to check out from fox . What happened here ? - ( siren wailing ) - gordon : Bad guys in this town are changing . I don 't know how bad it 's going to get . Man : They think guns can stop me ? This is not a game . Troubled times . You ready to do this ? What grown man invites people to call him " rosie " ? A secure man . There is a serial killer on the loose . We 're gonna catch him . You come at me again , the law won 't be able to keep me off you . - Thanks for keeping me in the loop . - I 'm looping you in right now . Okay , I forgot to put you in the loop . Announcer : Rosewood . Returns Wednesday , March 2 on fox .
