 I want you to become a mentor for my outreach program . ANA : A client of mine was an inmate here . He committed suicide . Kevin Grey ? There 's someone out there who has a vast interest in all of this . They are running it . - HARRY : Tim Larson owed Lily-Anne money . I think this is enough to prove that she ordered the hit . Lily-Anne Lau , I 'm further arresting you on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Caleb Pursey . KALEEM : You owe her . What does that mean , Kaleem ? You 're a family man . Harry owes Lily-Anne Lau a lot of money . I 've heard that rumour . POLICE AGENT : A package for the boss . SURI : I 'll take it to Winter . HARRY : What 's that ? EVE : My mother 's Medicaid 's file . Maria Alexandri . You were one of the detectives on it . - Original air date : 2016 , February 26 Sub by mielb Nice place for a date . I wanted to show you something . An illegal cage fight . It 's a fixed fight . What ? EVE : See the fighter in the red gloves ? His name is Flanagan . He 's gonna go down at the 3rd round . You see the big man in the blue suit opposite ? This is his show . He fixed this fight . I want you ... to go down and see the bookie and put everything you have on Flanagan . What 's the point of fighting if he 's gonna take him down ? I said I wanted to show you something ... what that bracelet 's capable of . [ BELL RINGS ] Don 't think Flanagan is gonna last till the 3rd round . No , he 's a good fighter . Two years ago , he taught me how to fight . Before he started fighting for this lot . So you really think the bracelet can change what 's happening ? Even in sure things , there 's an element of chance . [ BOOING ] I did that ? Get your money . HARRY : Forget the money . I did that ! EVE : Vincent Lermontov once told me that when you wear the bracelet , there 's no such thing as a coincidence . What does that mean ? It 's not just about luck . You start making things happen around you ! Yeah , leave the money ! You wanted them to see me do that . Why ? To send a message to the boss behind all this . What ? The man that killed your mother ? What did you do with the money ? What ? The money you won at the Green Dragon casino the night Freddie Lau died . The money you won with this woman , Eve , at a fixed roulette table . Suri , I didn 't win at a fixed table . You won 70,000 - two consecutive maximums , on 2 spins of the wheel . I burnt it . [ PHONE RINGS ] West 13 . On duty . OK . We 're on our way . So , what you 're gonna do about that footage ? I 'm still working that out . So who is this Eve to you ? Just some girl I met at the roulette . SURI : You need to tell me the truth , Harry . Is that you receiving a bribe from Freddie Lau ? No . That 's me winning the money for real . How am I supposed to believe that ? If that 's true , why did you burn the money then ? Because it belonged to Lau ! And that 's because I thought that the roulette table was rigged . I know that whatever the truth is , Winter would want to nail me for it anyway . Hey . You 're the foreman ? Yeah . Over there . Jesus ! It hadn 't been for the rats , he would never have been found . We demolish this building on Tuesday . You 're gonna have to stop all work until our SOCO 's have everything they need . I doubt deputy mayor will adore that ! Deputy mayor ? The St-Pancras metro point is being built here . FOREMAN : Well , this better be . Press call on Tuesday . They 're coming to watch and blow this place up . MEDICAL EXAMINER : This is Luke Bangura . 18 years old . Sierra Leonean origin . His mother came in this morning . Said she 'd listed him as a missing person 14 months ago , but we 've only just identified him from his dental records . The building he was found in had been sealed off for the last 6 months . I think he was moved there recently . Just in time to be blowing up . MED . EX . : The decomposition has actually been interrupted . I think he was moved from a predominantly clay soil shallow grave . There are still samples of the soil on and inside his body . Move to the vital organs , he 's had large chunks removed - the rats probably , but ... the left kidney is completely missing . Completely ? I noticed some clean incisions where it used to be . It would take some time and energy to remove a kidney . You don 't go to this kind of trouble without a good reason . How come Luke 's mother found out about the body so quickly ? Don 't you know this ? According to Kelly Harrington of the Evening Reporter , the body found is another victim of ritual killing in the African community . A source said the nature of the wounds were consistent with a juju sacrifice . What source ? We 're the only people that know about this . The leak must have come from within MIA 's . You don 't know that . Yeah , who else could prep a journalist so quickly ? Come on , let 's go see Winter . That 's the deputy mayor ! Give them a minute . Whichever way you want to spin it , there 's a crime wave happening on your watch and the media are all over it . The mayor is seeing the city held hostage by fear . His city . Triads say ... in Soho and Shoreditch , murder in Hatton Garden , voodoo mutilations ! You see how this plays in the minds of the public ? - Yes . - I want this witchcraft murder nailed , ASAP . Match your point : project is a major trial for our mayor . How much of that did you hear ? Frierson 's got a loud voice . He always had . Even back in the day , when he was made D.C.I. Then what is it , Harry ? How does it get linked ? The so-called witchcraft killing I 'm investigating and no-one else knows about it . You really believe the leak came from here ? HARRY : It 's come from somewhere ! That 's sort of the expectations to be carried on your shoulders , Alistair . - [ GOSPEL SONG ] - How can I comfort our sister , Marianne ? Fulfil the hole in our hearts left by her fine young son , Luke , a student of politics , a young man with a sharp inquiring mind and a future that promised great things ? What did they do to you ? [ SHE CRIES ] I 'm sorry to have to ask you this , but we believe that Luke 's kidney was removed by the killer . Can you share any light on ... why this might have happened to him ? Are you asking me if I know why someone evil butchered my son ? I 'm afraid we think this was no ordinary murder . PASTOR : This talk of juju sacrifice ... Juju is a colonial word the British press love to bring out when they want to diminish our native culture . Are the police just going to go along with the same racist stereotype ? MARIANNE : This is just a savage murder . It has nothing to do with who we are , or how we live . Please , I 'm sorry . I apologize if I 've offended you . I 've just ... I 've a few more questions , please . Could you tell us anything about the day that Luke went missing ? What he was doing ? Where he might have been ? MARIANNE : It was February 14th , Paradise . We were meant to go to the cinema that night . But first , he was going to give blood at the clinic in Peckham . He never met me at the cinema . I never saw him again . He was gonna give blood ? MARIANNE : He 'd been in touch with someone from a medical aid charity , working in Ebola zones in Sierra Leone . African Health Union , I think . They were interested in Luke because of his very rare blood group . And what was his blood group ? He was h / h . It 's sometimes called Bombay blood . Can I go ? I need to prepare the funeral . Yes , of course ! Thank you . Bombay blood is a variant of the O blood group . It needs a special test to be detected . Which is why it didn 't show up in the post-mortem . Only 4 in a million people have it . [ PHONE BEEPS ] Some odds ! Ah no ! No , no ! What 's the matter ? Our forensics team have been pulled out of the demolition site . What ? Part of the demolition has to go ahead as planned , no further delays . Winter 's just rolled over . I 'm going back there for another look . You get onto the paper . Find out journalist Kelly Harrington . [ SUDDEN THUMP ] Hello ? Hello ? [ GUN SHOT ] [ 2nd GUN SHOT ] [ 3rd GUN SHOT ] [ HORN ] DEMOLITION WORKER : What the hell ? How 's it going ? I 'm sorry , I can 't give up my source . I just can 't . Kelly , your source knew too much , too quickly . Your article was online 2 hours after we got to the body . That 's not my problem . What you 're asking is against all journalistic practice . Ah ! Come on , Kelly ! It 's no bloody Watergate ! I 've read your copy before . It 's peppered with inaccuracy and prejudice . I don 't need to listen to this . That 's why they chose you to break the story . What ? They needed someone to promote a particular slant to this crime . Kelly Harrington was only too happy to oblige . After all , it 's what you want your readers to think about our African immigrants . Who do you know at City Hall ? What ? Someone at City Hall rang you with the story , yes ? You know , I came here without a lawyer , to help with your questioning , not to be harassed by this psycho ! You think your gunmen last night sling to City Hall too ? Well , someone gave the order to pull our SOCO 's out . Going to scoop lunch , just let me finish . I thought doctors couldn 't help us . He was . But ... Dad 's really busy with work and he can 't get any time off . Poor dad ! He 's alright ! And Daisy , you know it is just you and me moving in here ? MARIANNE : Luke 's father was a politician back in Freetown . That 's why he took politics . I used to say Sierra Leone is tugging on Luke 's soul . You said Luke went ... to give blood at the Sierra Leone Health Agency ? Do you remember anyone from the agency contacting you ? Yes . A doctor came to our house once . I think Luke met him on a Bombay blood on-line forum . What was the doctor 's name ? Doctor Marghai . There 's no Dr Marghai registered with the NHS . What about a charity called African Health Union ? Wait ! It 's nice to work with that guy , Alan . I 'll catch up with you later . - Jim Stepton ! Long time . Do you want a tip ? - Harry Clayton ? - 25 to 1 . Forget her past . Worth putting some of that police pension , no ? Hello . I take it this isn 't a coincidence . Maria Alexandri , my first case , your last , before you retired ... you left it unsolved . I really don 't remember it ... Remember I took some personal leave ? My daughter was born 10 weeks prematurely . That 's when Karl Frierson brought you in . You see , I 've been taking another look at it . And it seems to me that you and Frierson dropped every lead I had uncovered straight down the toilet , till it went cold . Is that an accusation ? No , no , no . That 's an observation . So tell me , Jim , why did you roll over for Karl Frierson ? The race hasn 't finished yet , Jim . Our horse is gonna win . Every time I fell at something , he blocked it . There was a suspect . We waited too long . He disappeared . Frierson wanted to kill it ? Nothing I could prove . If I were you , I 'd let it go , Harry . He 's a very powerful man , and he always gets what he wants . TV : ... Forget her past ... You let a murderer go , Jim . I did wanna say thank you for the way you 've treated me these last few days . I 'll remember it . And give my regards to your wife and daughter ... Ana and Daisy , isn 't it ? Harry ? Crown Prosecution Service didn 't think we had enough evidence to make the charges stick . But that 's shite ! We have Lily-Anne 's memory stick . It clearly shows that Tim Larson owed Lily-Anne 110,000 Pounds . As you know , Tim Larson 's still maintaining that he killed Caleb Pursey because he owed him money and Pursey 's threatened his family . He 's lying ! We need a conviction on this . And that 's what we 're gonna get with Tim Larson , not Lily-Anne Lau . We got into this to go after the bad guys . Do you remember ? So , everything we have to work per today is simple . It 's really easy to grasp . There 's questions of your responsibility and community . Jake , can you tell me what you think 's gonna be the most difficult thing to achieve when you 're released ? Well , I guess this community thing sounds like a bit of shit . [ ALL LAUGH ] Harry , it 's me . Still no luck finding anyone who 've heard of Marghai . Call me when you get this , please . Hey . No , no , no . You can 't come back here , Harry ! Lily-Anne 's been released . But you knew that already . How would I know that , Harry ? Because you are the sewer through which she contacts me . You know you look a little stressed . You care to a drink ? You want some minty ? That bitch threatened my family . Now I want you to get her a message from me . If she ever goes near my family , I will find her and I will finish her . Harry , you 're a detective . Man of the law . You know you don 't mean that . HARRY : Tell her . Make her understand . No-one comes near my family ! Hi , Billy ? Do you remember me ? I spoke to you last week . We were talking about Kevin Grey ? Please lady ? Leave me alone ! I think you know how he died . Gordon . It was Gordon . See you and Frierson are friends again , Alistair . Smashing stuff ! What are you doing here , Harry ? Oh I just wanted the heads-up on the new crime initiative for our city . Reclaim the neighbourhood . What does that mean exactly ? Means we 're not longer on the back foot to crime . Brilliant ! London can sleep easily . Don 't you get tired of playing the idiot ? Well , soon I 'll get tired . So why don 't you stop ? Go save your marriage . Be a better dad . Stop gambling . Do nice things . Why did you never get married , Alistair ? I forgot . You found the greatest love . It 's always troubled you , hasn 't it , Harry ? But I draw so much strength from my faith . Always ever I 've found something more to believe in . And I still obviously am . [ CLAPS ] HOST : Guests ! Can we put our hands together for our speaker ? The deputy mayor , Karl Frierson . [ APPLAUSE ] FRIERSON : Ladies and gentlemen , welcome and thank you for your presence here , at the launch of my new initiative : Reclaim the neighbourhood . But first , a little of who I am and what London means to me . I was a policeman for 20 years before I got very sick . It was a year ago , February the 15th , and I was in a bed at the Cardwell clinic , dying . My doctor said that all my options had been exhausted . What was wrong ? Chronic kidney failure . FRIERSON : ... but , February the 15th was no ordinary day . Against all odds , all expectations , a donor was found and my life was saved . And I knew that I 'd been given a chance not just to live again but to live in a way that I wanted to live , in the city that I love . I 've spent most of today looking for a Sierra Leonean aid agency called African Health Union ? It has a base here . I 'm sorry , I 've never heard of it . And I know nearly all the West African aid agencies around here . What about a doctor Marghai ? You 've heard of a doctor Marghai ? No . I 've never heard of him . Is there somewhere else we can talk ? It is very important we find him . He might be involved in a brutal murder of a member of your community . I think the charity you 're looking for no longer exists . This fact sheet may help . - Ana . Harry ! I didn 't know you were here . No , I wasn 't invited . I crashed this party . Harry , this is Nikhail Julian , the governor of White Cross prison . Nice to meet you . This is Harry Clayton . We were just talking about Ana signing up to be a mentor in the prison 's outreach program . FRIERSON : Nikhail ! The outreach program ! Amazing project , incredible results ! Glad we backed you on this one . We know each other , don 't we ? Yeah ! Indeed . I 'm Harry Clayton . We worked together ... many years ago . You were the Senior Investigating officer on my first case at MIA 's . Right . It was the murder of ... Maria Alexandri . It was never solved . Afraid I don 't remember it . That way you 've done great things since . And terrific speech by the way ! Thank you . Tell me about Maria Alexandri , your mother . Every year or so , every time we moved , my mother would tell me the stupid story about us being tortured in the long night of tortures , guardians of a lucky bracelet . Justifying why we were running again . And I ... grew resentful . What is the torch ? You 're looking at one . We 're the only ones that can transfer the bracelet from one wearer to the next when they die . So when did you start believing in it ? When I was 18 , - I ran away from Ma . HARRY : - Really ? I had enough of that crazy bullshit . When I came back , she was in a bad way , delusional . She kept telling me that our days ... were numbered . Within a week , she was murdered just like she told me . I 'm sorry . But how ... do you know that the man that killed your mother is the same man that killed Freddie Lau , the same man that wants the bracelet ? For the last 3 years , I 've been tracking a man called Golding . - Golding ? - I 'm certain . He owed my mother debts . This name is a cover . I 've never been able to find out who he really is . That 's why he was a diamond thieves . You 'll have him . Her name is Grace . She came to this refuge a few weeks back , just after it happened . She 's my cousin . Did you have an operation to have a kidney removed ? SURI ( whispering ) : Oh no ! I 'm so sorry . Can you tell me who did this to you ? GRACE : These are bad people . They lied to me . Cheated me . Did Dr Marghai do this ? Marghai , yes ! Where is he , Grace ? It 's a private health clinic . Corinth Road . Marghai is only there a few days a month . Flies in from Freetown . Corinth Road Health Centre DESK CLERK : Can I help you ? I would like to see Dr Marghai , please . No Dr Marghai here , love . You 've got the wrong clinic . Please , I need to see him . I 'm desperate . He has to help me . I 'll see if my manager has any information on this doctor . - What 's his name again ? - Marghai . - - Why are you here ? I have a kidney problem . Where did you hear about our practice ? My friend , Grace . She came here 5 weeks ago . They want me back here at 9 tonight to see the doctor then he 'll decide whether he 's treating me tomorrow . Marghai 's in the country ? No-one mentioned his name , but they 've taken blood from me . No , this is the place . He 's gonna turn up here tonight . SURI : We need to do this properly through Covert Ops . I don 't feel comfortable winning it like this . HARRY : Now , you know how long that 's gonna take and they won 't let us do it anyway . Marghai just needs to believe that you want to sell your kidney . Once I 'm in there , I 'm in their hands ! This might be our only shot at them ! SURI : Why the hell would you hurry while I 've been tracking all this down by myself ? I 'm withholding evidence that would sink you and you 're still sneaking off doing God knows what ! You don 't have to do this ! Damn right , I don 't ! - - How did you manage on your own ? Mix of ... boarding schools . My mum and dad left enough money for my guardians to ... send me away . It 's not a sob story ! It 's just how it was . I 'm amazed you turned out half-way sane ! That 's not even the good half ! What you 're doing up , young lady ? It 's Saturday . You need to go back to bed right now , please . God ! [ KNOCK ON DOOR ] Thought you weren 't gonna do this . Someone tugged to Luke 's kidney and used Marghai to get it . This may be our only chance to find out who . Thank you . Call you as soon as I set eyes on Marghai . NURSE : Take off your clothes and put on that gown . But I 'm just here to talk to the doctor today . He needs to examine you . Put on that gown . [ NURSE LOCKS THE DOOR ] [ PHONE RINGS ] Daisy ? I went to your flat but you weren 't there . What ? Where are you ? You don 't love me anymore ! That 's not true , darling ! Just ... where are you now ? [ PHONE BEEPS ] Hi ! This is Harry Clayton ... [ DOOR UNLOCKS ] Why aren 't you undressed ? The doctor is here . Don 't be afraid . You 're in very good hands . DAISY : You 've just abandoned us . You 're just letting us go ! Tell me where are you now ? I don 't know ! Think I 'm at the bus outside your house . - What number ? - The 29 . Its stop 's at Turnpike lane . Where are you Daisy ? I 'm outside a pub . It 's called the Prince of Wales . Stay there . Someone will come and get you soon . Prince of Wales pub . Stay there , Daisy . Dad , I 'm scared . Who are you calling ? My sister . No phones here ! I don 't want an operation now . I thought this was just a check-up ! You 're very lucky . I fly to ... Ana ? I know where Daisy is . Thank God ! Where is she ? Where ? She got on a number 29 bus . She got out at Turnpike Lane . She 's outside the Prince of Wales pub . Turnpike Lane ... I 'm nearby . I 'll be there in 10 . Get there as quick as you can . Call me the minute you have her , OK ? The Prince of Wales pub . [ PHONE BEEPS ] Oh Suri ! [ DOOR RING ] Check that . It 's a courier . Scalpel . [ LOUD THUMP IN THE DOOR ] Police ! Suri ! Suri ! HARRY ( Whispering ) : Oh my god ! My god ! Oh my god ! Suri ! ANA : Daisy ! Daisy ! HARRY : Alright ! - I 'll take it from here . - OK , sir . In ! HARRY : You 're proud of yourself , Dr Marghai ? You tricked Luke Bangura into your clinic , then operated on him . You then let him die on the table like an animal ! And all for a single kidney for Karl Frierson . That 's right ! I know Luke 's kidney is inside Frierson ! Jesus Christ ! It was Frierson , wasn 't it ? Wasn 't it ? Answer me , Marghai ! Stop ! Karl Frierson has h / h blood . Luke 's kidney was for him , eh ? [ HORNS ] Yeh-Yes ! It was for Frierson . I thought it was just the kidney they wanted but when I was operating , his men pulled a gun on me and make me kill him . FRIERSON : I like to think good London is a city built by dreamers . The people who believe ... in dreams . And our iconic buildings are not only part of our skyline , they 're part of our collective identity as London is . A soon as I press this button , we 'll start work on another dream , the Metro Point project . Alright ! Everybody ready ? Here it goes ! [ BOOM ] What can I do for you , detective ? I wanted to come in for questioning . What about ? It 's in connection with the murder of Luke Bangura . You finish up here . I 'll see you downstairs . In your speech at City Hall , you said that just over a year ago , you were dying . You needed a kidney transplant , is that right ? That 's right . But on February the 15th at the Cardwell clinic , you received , yes ? Yes . You have a very rare blood type , h / h . And only an h / h kidney would do . On the 14th of February last year , a young man called Luke Bangura went missing . He also has h / h blood . Well , he did . Two days ago , we found Luke 's body . And ? Luke 's kidney had been removed ... by Dr Marghai , who we now have in custody . That 's a hell of a coincidence , isn 't it ? You needing an h / h kidney and one being removed from Luke 's body the day before your operation ? Am I missing something here ? My kidney came from France . We have all the paperwork . So you don 't deny being h / h . Why is my client being interrogated about his blood type ? It must have been a terrible situation for you , sir , knowing that you 're getting closer and closer to death , waiting for a miracle until you have no choice but to engineer one yourself . You are delusional and when this farce is over , I will make it my personal mission to have you removed from duty . You found Luke Bangura through an h / h on-line forum , didn 't you ? LAWYER : Unless you intend to charge my client , I 'm advising him not to respond . Why did you have the body moved , Karl ? Because in a shallow grave , it could still be discovered . But under thousands of tons of rubbles , it 's destroyed forever . WINTER : - That 's enough ! HARRY : - Excuse me ? Sorry Karl , there 's been a misunderstanding . There 's no need for you to be here . I 'm in the middle of an interview here . No , you 're not . My office , detective Clayton ! - What ? - Now , Clayton ! Here ! I have a strong case . I have Dr Marghai ! Who has just revealed that you forced a confession out of him , which he has now totally recanted ! How can he ? He almost killed Suri ! Listen , I know Frierson did this . How ? What evidence do you have ? Do you have any idea what you 've just done ? This man controls our budget . He guides our policy . And now he thinks I sent you after him without a single shred of evidence ! Listen Alistair , I know Frierson has been leaning on you , but he is rotten ! You should listen to yourself , Harry . Ah , do what you have to do ! You had no authority to risk Suri 's life like that . You 're not in control anymore . Did you get him ? Yes . Good !
