 Announcer : You 're watching second chance . What we 're about to do should be left to god . Catch all-new episodes wednesdays and check out our other fox programs- - Rosewood , bones and lucifer . - What 's your name ? - Lucifer . Like the devil ? Only on fox . Previously on " second chance " ... Woman : Disgraced sheriff jimmy pritchard Took his own life today . You 're the first to journey all the way back - - To get another chance . James : I know you . You 're one of those rich computer twins . Otto re-coded your white blood cells To fight the cancer in my blood . You brought me back to save you . Otto : He 's stronger than predicted . Why does he think he 's my father ? Because he is . He should never have called you an idiot , your dad . You just try to see the best in people . I saw the best in my dad , Even if he didn 't see it in himself . You know , I 'm glad you 're here . My dad 's done so much by himself . He really needs you . Can you just promise me you 're here to help him ? I 'm not a monkey that jumps Every time you say " solve a puzzle . " [ speaking in twinspeak ] Otto ! I just want to know ... What you said to me then ... I will always be here with you , otto . ... Is it still true ? [ police radio chatter ] I 'm looking right at them . Six , right out on the street this time . Reese and his jalisco brothers won this round . Chan is m.I.A. This turf war is escalating . Hey . - Hey . [ phone beeps ] These six were chan lee 's bodyguards . Lee entered the seattle heroin market just a month ago . D.C. ' s leaning on me to clean this mess up . The doctor wants some good news , So I want you to work this until you can get me some . Father and son on their way home . [ sighs ] Wrong place , wrong time . Woman : No , please ! No ! Man : Tragedy struck today In this working-class west seattle neighborhood As a drug war exploded in a violent shootout . Local police along with fbi are trying to find out Exactly who 's behind this spike in drug violence Over the last six weeks . It is believed to be a dispute between rival gangs competing - Over the local heroin market . [ ringing ] [ cellphone vibrating ] James : Duval . Duval , I know you can hear me . Duval . How many times do I have to tell you ? Stop using that lookinglass tech To make my phone answer your calls . This is important . I 'm in the middle of a drug-fueled gang war Trying to figure out Who 's putting all this heroin on my streets . I think I did . Did what ? Put all the heroin on your streets . Just meet me at peng 's . Not until you tell me what this is about . [ receiver clicks ] [ siren wailing ] [ muffled grunting ] What did we tell you ? You should 've stayed out of seattle . You want turkey or roast beef ? Roast beef . [ grunting continues ] [ muffled screams ] [ sighs ] You 've got one minute , starting now . Duval , sit down , please . [ sighs ] 1990 , there 's a flood of heroin on the streets . Worse than now - - more blood , more drugs . Guy running it was a guy named ray carson . I remember that . You rolled up his operation . Put a dozen of his guys behind bars , But carson got away . He didn 't get away , but I 'll get to that . Now , before it all went down , I had a c.I. Ray 's girlfriend , joan solodar . Joan solodar from solodar motors ? Yeah . Who sponsored little league teams and school fairs ? She was your c.I. ? That 's who she is now . Back then , I saw a good girl in a bad situation . I was gonna stop the drug war and get her out . One night , she calls me , Says ray found out she was working for me , Started beating her . She shot him . He knew it , jimmy . He knew I was working for you . Official story was that ray got away . You covered up a homicide . I rolled up the biggest drug source in seattle . I gave a young woman a new life . She swore to me she 'd go straight . For 20 years , I believed her . I watched her build her business , Raise her profile in the community . What happened after 20 years ? I won big in a high-stakes poker game . We played all night . I hit every hand . Cory just kept losing . Cory ? This harvard m.B.A. Hotshot . Works in an accounting firm uptown . I 'm little short , jimmy , again . I 'm on a losing streak . I don 't know what 's wrong with me . All that crap you 're putting up your nose . You know what , cory ? You can 't play here anymore . I got to tell your other games , too . Please , please . No , no , come on , please . Don 't cut me off . I got some information . All right , maybe it 's worth what I owe you . I know who 's behind all the heroin in seattle . It 's an old girlfriend of yours . You know , the one who sells cars . That 's a lie . Listen , my - - my firm put me on the account . I 'm the one running the audit . She 's laundering the money through her car dealerships . She 's running smack , jimmy . I didn 't want to believe him . So , what did you do ? Joan : Well , as I live and breathe . Has it been two years already ? I had a good night at poker , solly . Thought I 'd pick up my new car early . Solly . You know you 're the only one who still calls me that ? We go back . Yes , we do , sheriff . Let 's go to my office . Why 'd you close the door , jimmy ? I 've been hearing things , joan , About you dealing smack . Let me see your books . Show me it 's all legal . Listen , sheriff ... You saved my life back then , and I will never forget that . I covered up a murder for you ! You did . Show me the books , joan . You know I can 't do that , sheriff . Lenny . Last thing you want is your fed son Finding out about what we did together . Don 't open a door unless you 're ready to walk through it . I must 've dialed your number 10 times after that . I hung up every time . But I 'm telling you now . Well , I 'm glad it only took you coming back from the dead To make you finally see the light . But you know I need evidence to take to the bureau , And you never got any . I have a plan . A plan ? Yeah . I go to joan as a buyer . Once we have a deal , you come in with the bureau . Stop the drugs , stop the killing . I know her , duval . She thinks I 'm dead . She won 't see me coming . Joan : That 's good . [ muffled screaming ] Really nice work . Thank you . Send that to hong kong . Make sure they know this is my town And I 'm the only one who sells in it . â ™ ª [ door opens ] Too loud ? Yeah . Uh , maybe just - - just a little . Yeah , sorry . It , uh , it just kept sounding better - The louder we turned it . - Mm-hmm . Garret says that it 's meant to be played loud . Oh . So ... You must be garret . Yeah . Yeah , this is garret . Garret , this is my aunt helen . Nice to meet you , my aunt helen . You can call me helen . So , how do you two , uh , know each other ? Oh , we met at school . Oh . You 're in high school ? Uh , no , garret is 20 . Which is older . So , in college ? Taking a gap year . His band played the dance . Garret is a drummer . Can he stay for dinner ? [ chuckles ] â ™ ª Go on home . Don 't open the door unless you 're ready to walk through it . How you doing ? I 'm lenny . Cameron brown . Came here to buy a car , but if this is your handshake , Then I 'm not sure we could do business . Oh , why don 't we show you some cars ? Come on , lenny . My granddaughter 's got a stronger grip than this . Your granddaughter ? Did you - - Did you just say your granddaughter ? James , given your current age , Remarks about your granddaughter might draw attention to you . As will breaking that man 's hand . So , why don 't you let go of it now ? Come on , let go of his hand . No , lenny , of course not . How could I possibly have a granddaughter ? Is that , uh , joan solodar over there ? From the commercials ? " you can go far in a solodar car . " She your boss ? She 's the owner , yes . I 'd like her to sell me the car . [ chuckles ] ms . Solodar doesn 't do sales . She owns the dealership . Well , no offense , lenny , But now I 've shaken hands with a little girl . I 'd like to make a deal with a real woman . Alexa , there should be 14 new products At the new production presentation , But I only see 13 new products on this list . Why was this one removed ? Mary said she needed it . Did she say for what ? No , otto , she didn 't . If you want your hat , sheriff ... You 're gonna have to come and get it . I think you hurt lenny 's feelings . I think he 'll get over it . He said you wanted to see me . I prefer to do business with the boss . I can understand that . You 're a man who knows what he wants . I 'd like to think so . That was you selling me , wasn 't it ? You were selling me ? Yes . I confess . This is why I don 't do sales anymore . You gonna send me back to lenny ? No . I 'm all yours . Then come on . Sell me a car . [ sighs ] The cockpit is designed so you have complete control . Everything is exactly where you need it to be . It 's tight in the corners , hugs the road . And for a luxury car , it really wants to go . Lots of power . The engine is incredibly responsive . Just a very light touch And she 'll really open up to you . I was 25 when my dad made that bust . Newspaper called him a hero . Not sure the mayor would 've given him the key to the city If he knew about joan solodar and that body they buried . Should we take it for a test-drive ? You know what , actually , I 'm looking for something With a little more power . What did you have in mind ? Heroin . I know you supply it . I sell cars , mr . Brown . I 'm not looking to step on your business in seattle . I 've seen what happens to people who do . I want to expand it into other markets - - Montana , wyoming , colorado , utah . They all need a quality product . $ 10 million order to start . As much as I like that number ... I sell cars . And I have no idea why you think I did anything else . Your man over there - - lenny . I did time with his uncle in pelican bay . He told me you sell more than just cars . Want to check me out ? Call him . Mary 's never taken a new product before . It 's always something we do together . Where is pritchard ? How 's , uh , how 's uncle jack ? Almost ready to go . Okay . You sure this is gonna work ? Arthur : Yes , agent pritchard . All the visual and voice data needed Was obtained during the hack Of lenny 's last skype session with his uncle . No wires . He 's clean . Please remember your camera 's in your contact lens . So do us all a favor and don 't look in the mirror . This scar come with a story ? I got it saving his uncle 's ass . Well , why don 't we ask him about that ? Duval : Lenny ... What are you doing calling me ? Everything okay with your mom ? Yeah , everything 's fine , uncle jack . It 's just this guy here says he knows you . I have no idea who that is . [ gun cocks ] - uh ... I 'm just messing with ya . That 's ... Cameron brown . [ sighs ] How you doing , jack ? Not as good as you . What 's going on ? I need you to vouch for me . [ static crackling ] What the hell 's going on ? Otto : That holo-projector isn 't even beta tested . They were supposed to show it at today 's meeting . You took it . Get him to turn it back on now . Fix it , please . It 's not on our end . I don 't like this . You don 't come to the meeting , then you let him use that ? I know you don 't like helping pritchard , but I do . We can 't go in two directions , mary . If we go in two directions , we will pull apart . You need to turn it back on now . My dad is out there with a gun to his head . You are gonna turn this back on now , Or I am coming down there and I 'm gonna put a gun to yours . Sorry about that . Connection here is crap . I only got a couple of seconds , but ... I 'd trust that man with my life . [ laptop chirps ] So , we all good ? We doing business ? It 's time for you to leave , mr . Brown . We 'll be in touch . Lenny , show him out . And then come to bed . [ sighs ] did she when she 'd call ? I mean , did you sell her on the deal or not ? You were watching . Yeah , I was . But I can 't tell . Unlike you , I don 't know her , know her " moves . " Maybe you two can throw that ball around outside . I did like the part where you said you 'd trust me With your life . Me ? No , that was uncle jack . Maybe you two can throw that ball around outside . [ cellphone rings ] Joan : Mr. Brown . Joan . If you can prove funds , I think I have something to sell you . Joan solodar was your father 's c.I. ? For the record , duval didn 't know that . Dad only told that to me . Because he 's the good son and you 're the bad son . It 's what makes me such a good c.I. I 'm telling you , she 's the money behind the jalisco brothers . You 're asking me to go after joan solodar , A clean record , taxpaying local businesswoman , Based on the word of a corrupt , disgraced sheriff ? Yes , ma 'am , we are . I am . My father may have been all those things , But whatever he did , He did it for the good of this city . If he says she 's the one behind that heroin , Then we need to act on it . You want to stop these drugs . No , I don 't need you to tell me what I want , So close up while I think . Okay . I 'll get legal to okay the buy money . You go back to joan and set the meet . You won 't regret this . Said the bad son . Where are you meeting her ? Her place . She 's very beautiful . Mm-hmm . Suppose so . Is that how she fooled you ? [ giggles ] [ sighs ] Does duval know ? How you felt about her ? How did I figure it out ? I 'm a woman . I can tell these things . You should tell duval . [ beep ] [ door buzzes ] Man : Mr. Brown , Ms. Solodar 's expecting you . Go right up to the penthouse . [ laughs ] Hm ? [ elevator dings ] How you doing , fellas ? I know you ? 100 grand . Good faith . Rest when we make a deal . What you want comes from mexico . We import it . We wanted to see your face so that you understand That you 're in business with us now , too . Things go well , you don 't see us again . Things go badly , you 'll see us once more . That was reese . Put a tail on him , now . That was smart . Joan solodar wasn 't in the elevator . They didn 't say her name . Nothing to put this on her . [ elevator dings ] I hope you had a pleasant ride up . I met some interesting people in the elevator . Isn 't that what we have to embrace in life ? Unexpected meetings with interesting people . What would your little league team think About you hanging out with these cartel hard boys ? What do you think of me ? I think you 're a badass , solly . Solly Was a nickname I used a long time ago . Solodar was a mouthful . And the last person to call me that died a while back . You said your c.I. Just met her ? Yeah , why ? Because the way they talk , It kind of seems like he 's doing her . Seem like that to you ? Like he 's getting that ? That is a worrisome piece of trivia To know about me , mr . Brown . Should I be worried ? I do my homework . A deal this big , I want to know everything about a person . So , what do you know about me ? I know this business used to be ray carson 's . And now it belongs to you . I know you run it better than ray did . I know that you keep lenny around for fun . You never let him get close . I know if you keep heading that way ... You 're gonna be old and alone , ms . Solodar . [ chuckles ] I 'm gonna give you an address , And you meet me there in three hours with the cash . Oh , and please call me solly . Makes me feel young . The building where she wants to make the deal Is three blocks off the harbor . The coast guard will cover the water for us . We 'll have one chopper in the air at a standoff position , And s.W.A.T. On the ground . Woman : Ma 'am . Got a report of shots fired at solodar motors . [ police radio chatter ] Solly . What about it ? I slipped . Called her a nickname I shouldn 't have known , And I thought I covered , But she made me when I called her solly . Why weren 't you supposed to know that name ? I thought I covered . Lenny was laundering money Through the dealership - - drug money . And when he found out that I knew , he ... [ crying ] He tried to kill me . He came at me . You stay here . Duval , listen . She killed lenny to get herself cleared , Just like she did with ray . She did it again . Man : The money was laundered through the car dealerships , Which , as you can see from these corporate records , Are in lenny wahl 's name . When my client discovered this - - Joan : I confronted lenny . It was stupid , I know . I should 've just gone to the cops , but I was so mad . And then he beat me . The emts on scene Documented the bruising on my client 's body . We 're prepared to fully cooperate With this investigation . Excuse me for a moment . Something 's going around in my head That 's been bugging me . I thought it was that you knew her nickname . But it 's not that you knew it . It was the way you said it to her , And what you said about her . You were gonna save her ! Five months , day and night . I had to move back to the house because mom couldn 't take it . That 's when she started taking those pills . Do you know that ? That - - One , there are a lot of things about me and your mother That you don 't know . Two is keep your voice down . People are listening to you accuse me Of things your father did . Yeah . Come on , come on , do it ! Do it ! Excuse me . [ door opens ] What the hell was that about ? Family stuff . What about her ? She made your c.I. She walks . [ sighs ] [ cellphone rings ] Hello ? Hey , uh , it 's helen . Now 's not a good time , helen . I think something might be wrong with gracie . She 's been staying with me While duval 's been working on the big heroin case . I came home , she 's supposed to be here , She 's not , and she 's been seeing this guy . And I didn 't tell duval because I didn 't want to worry him , And she 's not answering her phone . S-slow down . And then there 's this , um , vent that was open , And - - and there 's This cookie tin inside , and - - I mean , the guy 's a drummer , But why worry duval with that , right ? 'cause he just does so much . Helen , The cookie tin , is there anything in it ? It 's , um - - it 's - - it 's empty . But , um - - [ sniffs ] god . It 's got a funky smell , though . - Yeah . [ elevator dings ] Gunpowder . [ gunshot ] Okay , that 's enough . It 's getting late . Just a few more . Have another beer , gracie-loo-hoo , While I reload . Okay , why don 't you give me the gun now ? It 's cool . How 'd you know about this place , anyway ? Her grandfather took her here . He trusted her with what was in that air vent , And he took her down here to teach her how to shoot . It was their secret . But he told you , I guess . What are you doing here ? Come take you home . Let 's go . She 's with me . Aah ! Car keys , now ! [ keys jingle ] And if I catch you hanging around gracie again , I 'm gonna snap your fingers off , drummer boy . Gracie , let 's go . No . How many of these you had ? None of your business . Look , I can take care of myself , okay ? Yeah ? Well , you 're still a kid and you shouldn 't have to . Put me down ! Duval : Where 'd you find her ? I 'll let her tell you that . But , duval , she 's taking care of you The way you took care of your mother . Maybe gracie just needs to be gracie . You 're giving me parenting advice ? That 's rich . Do I even need to remind you that joan solodar Walked out of the fbi with no charges filed ? You remember joan , right ? Helen : Joan solodar ? Didn 't daddy used to buy his cars from her ? Mm-hmm . Sorry , helen . Can we talk in private ? Look , if you want to hate me for what I did , Join the damn club . Joan solodar is still out there . - Shut up . - " shut up " ? I don 't want to hear you say , that we can still get her , That you know her better than anyone . I can still be mad at you all I want , But you have a plan to put her behind bars . That 's what you were gonna say , wasn 't it ? Wasn 't it ? Well , I was gonna start with " I 'm sorry . " Then I was gonna get to all that other stuff . But , duval , we can still get her . You remember cory , the accountant . â ™ ª Hey , you said there was gonna be a poker game . Where the hell is it ? I said if you liked poker , you should come down here . I never said there was gonna be a game . Cory . Didn 't he tell you to stay away from the coke and cards ? Who are you ? How do you know that ? The same way we know joan solodar lost a lot of money Making it look like lenny ran her drug business . But she has more money , doesn 't she ? And you know where it is . [ ringing ] Hey , we need to talk about the money . The usual place . Okay , thank you . I 'll be right over . [ beep ] Otto , I need a surveillance system For an area that 's too heavily wooded for a drone . With the biometrics ? For what you 're doing with pritchard ? Yes . I didn 't bring him back so you could help him atone For his past sins . You brought him back to save my life . But it 's my life , otto . I like it out there . It makes me happy . Don 't you want that ? It makes you happy because of what you 're doing ... Or who you 're doing it with ? You can 't be with him , mary . He 's our experiment . You know that . Arthur ? Arthur : Yes , otto . We need to start a search for a new donor With the same precursor as pritchard 's . But , otto , as a donor , Mr. Pritchard is performing perfectly . I know . Mary 's cancer is in remission , But ongoing therapy is still required . Just find another donor like I told you to . Other than the donor you already know about ? If joan takes duval 's bait , then we have her . She really did a number on you . I did a number on me all by myself . You sure that thing will work ? It 's a genuine lookinglass product . It tracks the heartbeats of anyone out there . Right now , it 's reading three . I thought you were coming alone . So , you 're the son ? Jimmy 's golden boy ? Oh , yeah , I heard all about you . He 'd go on and on . It 's been a long time Since I 've had my hands on a pritchard . You know , your dad had that anger in him That made bedtime Real special . Am I feeling some of that in you ? No wires . You 're gonna hear a lot worse about me before we 're done here . You were a different person then . Maybe . But I 'm still on the hook for what I 've done , aren 't I ? You , go first . Speak quickly . If the fbi knows about the money I shielded for you , They know everything wasn 't in lenny 's name . The fbi doesn 't know anything . He 's out here without official cover . God , cory , you really are a bad poker player . He bluffed you , and you told him . [ scoffs ] So , what do you want ? I know you fooled my father into setting you up in business , And he ruined my mother 's life doing it . I want you to pay me for that . I made a calculation - - five months , day and night . I put a dollar amount for every hour of those days He didn 't come home . You 're gonna pay me for that . And what if I don 't ? Then I bring him back to the fbi . If she goes for it , you got her . You were , what , 25 when he worked that case ? And you had to move back home Because it took a toll on your mommy . Yeah , I know about that , too . Why would she turn her back on them ? [ device chirps ] Three more heartbeats , 20 yards away . Your dad called her , though , On those nights he wasn 't gonna get home . He made those calls from my bed . You 're not like him . You 're soft . Or good . What 's the difference ? I 'm not like him . He was stupid to let you use him . I just want to get paid . Last chance . [ grunts ] [ chuckles ] you want to be bad ? You want to be like your father ? Make that go away . Where do you think you 're going ? I 'm gonna walk a little ways over here And put the two of you in the ground Where I put ray after I killed him . James : I can 't find the other two men . Where are the heartbeats coming from ? You think it 's easy being a woman in the drug business ? I built up this business up . I earned this money . And no pritchard , living or dead , Is gonna take that away from me . How you doing , solly ? [ device beeps ] [ computer dings ] Duval : Where do you think you 're going ? I 'm gonna walk a little ways over here And put the two of you in the ground Where I put ray after I killed him . You think it 's easy being a woman in the drug business ? I built this business up . I earned that money . And no pritchard , living or dead , Is gonna take that away from me . Who are you , really ? Tell me . Don 't open a door unless you 're ready to walk through it . [ handcuffs click ] [ police radio chatter ] Got a question for you . Shoot . Why 'd you do it ? [ sighs ] I was about your age . My youth was behind me . I could see what was coming . She was young . She - - she made me feel young . And I made a mess of things . Yeah . You did . I 'm trying to fix things now . I 'd like to believe you are . What - - what - - What do you mean you 'd " like " to believe me ? [ car door closes , engine starts ] Duval , didn 't you see what we just did here ? No , I don 't want to hear you 'd " like " to believe me . You better believe me ! Life is messy , gracie . That 's what I told her . But we do the best we can , and ... We forgive each other when we come up short . Okay ? Yeah . Okay . And you know you can 't see that boy anymore . What ? You can 't see him anymore . No , you can 't tell me who I can see . Wait . Gracie - - gracie , come back here . Gracie ! No , you can 't tell me what to do ! Honey , I 'm trying - - Arthur , what 's the status on the replacement for pritchard ? Arthur : There is no need to replace mr . Pritchard . Mary has the results , But I was verifying the numbers before informing you . Informing me of what ? Mary ? What - - what 's wrong ? What happened ? Nothing 's wrong . It 's just that , um ... Your blood ... It worked . I 'm cured . Cured ? [ laughs ] Her system is clear of cancer . There is no need for further treatment . May I ask what will we do with mr . Pritchard ? He 'll be leaving . You 've just watched second chance . Now here are a few more shows to check out from fox . Welcome to the toughest challenge of your life . Four decorated heroes- - ( trigger cocks , gunshot ) Will train 16 civilians- ( horn blows ) - whoo ! Just like they were military . Let 's go ! Get down here now ! - John cena hosts a team competition- - - all : Booyah ! Where you 're only as strong as your weakest link . We would have been better off without you there . - You give up- - - I 'm-a stop this now . You will be pushed ! - You go home . - Woman : No , no , no ! American grit . April 14 on fox . We all got it comin ' to us sooner or later . Why don 't you tell me about these chains- - how we 're gonna break ' em . Next time I see you , I will kill you . â ™ ª ( hip-hop ) Truth is , we are at war . Drop ' em ! Help me , god ! This whole thing will bring out the worst in you . I want revenge . We did what we had to do . No doubt .
