 Announcer : You 're watching second chance . What we 're about to do should be left to god . Catch all-new episodes wednesdays and check out our other fox programs- - Rosewood , bonesand lucifer . - What 's your name ? - Lucifer . Like the devil ? Only on fox . Previously on " second chance " ... How 'd you know about this place , anyway ? Her grandfather took her here . If I catch you hanging around gracie again , I 'm gonna snap your fingers off , drummer boy . I know you don 't like helping pritchard , But I do . It makes me happy . If we go in two directions , we will pull apart . What 's wrong ? What happened ? Your blood ... It worked . Arthur : Her system is clear of cancer . May I ask what we will do with mr . Pritchard ? He 'll be leaving . This is weird , not having to do this anymore - - Get hooked up . Just kind of half getting used to it . I know you didn 't ask for any of this , but thank you . For saving my life . Hey , it wasn 't all bad . Got to live here and drive that car . I should thank you for bringing me back from the dead . Nobody 's ever done that for me before . You know , that day that you brought me back , You said that otto couldn 't be without you . I guess now you can go back to taking care of him . I guess I 'll find my own place to live . Now that you 're cured , There 's not really much point in me being here . No . Now that I 'm cured , there 's not . Otto says he can move the tank wherever I go . It 's automated . Sends you updates or something . I can have alexa line up some places for you to see . No , I can take care of it . Of course you can . Sorry . You know , I never thought it would work This cure . Never thought I 'd have to figure out What to do with the rest of my life . I know what you mean . Connor : Cured . Not remission , but cured ? Yes . No need for further treatments . Now I 'll never get lookinglass or otto , And without otto , you can 't have george . You don 't need otto . I snuck into the lab . I-I sent you the data . It wasn 't enough . The information wasn 't enough for my scientist To reverse-engineer how he brought pritchard back . [ sighs ] What do we do ? You mention here that mary and pritchard Have grown close , right ? Oh , they would never admit it , But I can see it when they 're together . All right . Oh . You 're gonna use pritchard to take otto away from mary ? No , we 're - - we 're just going to show otto That the man he brought back to save his sister Is taking her away from him . That 's - - mr . Graff ... Sneaking into a lab is one thing , But if mary were to find out that we turned otto against her , Her - - her heart would break . There 's got to be another way . Alexa . Alexa , I realize you 've grown very fond of mary , But you have to remember what your purpose was . Otto brought you back to save her . When he saw that you couldn 't , that you were twisted , That your blood wasn 't right for her , he just threw you away . You were unformed when I found you ... Where otto left you there to die , But as soon as you could speak , you said one word . You remember ? I said ... " george . " George . George is your purpose now . He 's old . And he 's near the end . But he doesn 't have to be . If you want george here with you , You 're gonna have to break otto away from mary . Okay ? Alexa , where are we with the attendees For the cancer cure meeting ? All lookinglass department heads will be here in the office . Legal , too . Heads of bio-research from stanford , harvard , and m.I.T. Will be on the poly-com , And reps from the f.D.A. Will be on speaker phone . Good . James won 't be living with us anymore , But his blood is the basis for the cure , So how often will he need to be at the lab ? We don 't need him at the lab . What do you mean ? Once I stockpile enough of his blood samples As the basis for the research , We 'll never have to see him again . [ sighs ] It 's really too bad . What is ? Oh , that mr . Pritchard won 't be here with us anymore . Why is that ? Well , it 's silly . I just ... A little part of me thought It wasn 't just his blood that was saving your sister . Of course it was just his blood . What else could it have been ? Oh , I 'm not a scientist . I just thought , when they 're together , mary seemed ... I don 't know , more alive . You 're right , alexa . You 're not a scientist . Oh , I almost forgot . Connor graff called . He said he was free tonight If you 're in the mood for a game . Yes . I think I am . Arrange it . [ indistinct conversations ] [ growling ] [ screams ] [ glass shatters ] This is a nice part of town . Not anymore . Since when ? 2004 , 2005 . The whole place went to crap after I left office . What a surprise . I don 't know why you 're moving out at all . I thought you liked it there . I did , but now mary 's cured , There 's no need for me to be there anymore . [ sighs ] what about the , uh ... The tank ? Oh , the egghead can move it . See , this can 't be right . 5 grand a month ? This area 's all warehouses . Not anymore . Lofts - - high-end . Yeah , exposed brick , open plan . Since when ? A while . But now that she 's cured , There 's no other reason for you to stay there ? Why she might want you there ? No . I know what you 're getting at , But , no , I was there for just one reason . And I 'm glad it worked out . I am . But it is time for me to go . Exposed brick , huh ? Open plan . Open plan 's when you ... Live together but you 're not married , right ? Sometimes I forget how old you are . Well , I 'm sorry . I haven 't done this in a while . I lived in the house that you and helen grew up in For 40 years , And then after I left office , it was , uh ... Left office ? Thrown out . Resigned before that happened , thanks . And then after your mom died ... You moved me into my place . I just - - I just - - I don 't know how this thing works . Get a broker . You might like that . Most of them wear skirts . Oh , I-I do like skirts . Let me ask you something . Mm . You got this big house , Just you and gracie rolling around in it ... [ sighs ] I don 't think you 'd like it there . Why ? Well , gracie 's always having friends over . You know , teen girls , they get loud . And there 's your drinking and card playing , coming home late . Well , just - - gracie would love to have me there , right ? And there 's the tank . Yeah , the tank . It 's the kicker , isn 't it ? Well , I could leave it where it is . I could just go back and forth until I find a place of my own . Well , if you 're going back and forth , Then you might as well stay there , right ? You don 't want me to stay with you . I just think it would be problematic . The only problem is you don 't want me there . In fact , now I come to think of it , you never did . Oh , that 's not true . Is that why you tried so hard to move me after your mom died ? You never asked to stay with me . I shouldn 't have to . You 're my son . I was grieving and alone . No , you - - you were playing cards and drinking And you never asked . I shouldn 't have to . [ sighs ] [ cellphone rings ] Agent pritchard . Yep . Go ahead . Four bodies . Yeah ? I got it . Thanks . Wait , whoa , whoa , whoa . Hey , wait . Four bodies . Take me with you . You really think it 's healthy To cure your loneliness by working a multiple homicide ? Well , you just jumped off your stool pretty quick . I think , you know , if you won 't let your dad stay with you , The least you could do is take me on a ride-along . [ indistinct conversations ] - I.D. ? - [ clears throat ] He 's with me . [ police radio chatter ] Okay . Okay . Why don 't you come stay with us until you find a place ? No . I don 't think you mean it . [ retching ] [ camera shutter clicking ] [ siren wailing in distance ] There 's four bodies . Ripped to shreds . Neighbors heard what was going on , called 911 . By the time the neighbors got in , Whoever did all this - - gone . Out the window . [ police radio chatter ] You were 50 years on the job . Yeah , about that . You ever see anything like this ? No , son . Pretty sure I never did . Duval : The moys . First generation . Father was a cab driver . Mom was a cashier at the local market . Son and daughter went to the local high school - - Two years apart . There was nothing to indicate That the moys were into something that got them killed . But this ... Was a crime of rage . The victims were eviscerated with some kind of jagged tool . Their skin was pulled from their bodies . Most of their bones were broken . Violence like this and the fact that The killer was unafraid to jump from that window Suggests p.C.P. And this ? Maybe some variation of a chinese symbol For house or home . Gang task force is checking it out against asian gang signs . And your c.I. ? You using him on this ? Yes , ma 'am . He has connections to the chinese community . Emma : I don 't recognize that as part of a gang sign , And I don 't know that family , but believe me , If I knew anything about who did this , I would tell you . That is not crime . It 's just evil . Yeah , well , just let me know if you hear anything . Okay . Bye . Everything okay ? Yeah , just something for duval . So what do you think , huh ? Exposed brick , open plan . It 's nice , right ? We should talk about money Now that you won 't be living with us anymore . I 've set up a sum in an account for you In return for everything you 've done . Is it a billion dollars ? 'cause that sounds about right . Not yet , but we 've given you a piece of the cancer project , And if that goes , it 'll be north of that . Mary , I was kidding . Did you say north of a billion dollars ? That 's years away . I 'd like for you to have the buick . [ door opens , closes ] I can 't imagine anyone else driving it . [ footsteps approach ] thanks . Betty : Hi . I 'm sorry I 'm late . I 'm betty , the realtor . Can I just say , I have never heard a divorcing couple Be so cordial and just so sweet to each other ? Oh , we 're not divorcing . Oh , I 'm so sorry . I-I couldn 't help but overhear . When you said he could keep the car , I just assumed that you were . [ chuckles ] we 're not divorcing . Because we 're not married . Well , there 's plenty of time for that , And this loft is an ideal space For a young couple like yourselves . We 're - - we 're not a couple . This is just for me . I didn 't know any realtors . She helped me find one . So then you 're just a - - just a good friend , then . Well [ chuckles ] well , we all need more of those . Why don 't you show us around the loft . Good idea . Okay . It 's open plan , as you can see , And there 's an outdoor space , as well . It 's good for a dog . You sound like a man who 'd have a dog . No . No dog . Big fish tank . Oh , no worries . This industrial space is rock-solid . [ laughs ] Uh , what kind of fish ? Rescue fish . Uh , saved from a science lab . Saved from a science lab . Wow . He 's kind of a catch , isn 't he ? Come over here . I 'll show you a great spot for it . Connor : You 're in a good mood today . Hmm . And I know why . It 's mary , isn 't it ? What about her ? Come on , otto . We both know I know your sister pretty well . I could tell something 's up with her . And , generally speaking , I know women , So I can see it in her . It 's clear as day . I 'm not sure what you mean . Wait , a-are you worried about me being jealous ? Otto , y-you know what your sister and I have Is an understanding . Yes , it is a non-emotional , sexually reciprocal arrangement . So you don 't have to worry about me being jealous When I find out she 's in love . Why would you say that ? Because I 'm happy for her . Like you are . And I 'm proud of you for being happy for her . That 's empathy right there . Good for you . You 're happy mary 's in love with pritchard . With pritchard ? Yes , I-it 's not at all like what mary and I have . This ... Thing she has with pritchard , it 's , um ... It 's a real thing , isn 't it ? No . She 's not in love with him . It 's going back the way it was . Hey . I didn 't mean to upset you . But can I ask , Is there a plan for what happens to you When mary makes her life with him ? I mean , you guys have talked about it . You figured something out . It 's going back the way it was . You haven 't spoken about what 'll happen to you , have you ? Hey . You know we were going to merge . Mary trusted me to take care of lookinglass , To take care of you . If you want any help figuring this out , You know I understand you . I understand what you need . I think you should leave now . [ sighs ] Okay . Arthur ? Arthur : Yes , otto ? Scrub the last 10 minutes of my office footage From the server . Yes , otto . Of course . Yeah , I just left otto . If what you say about mary and pritchard is true , If he feels abandoned by her , then otto will come to me . And then , alexa , Then you can have what you want . [ click ] [ cellphone beeps ] Was that connor ? Yes . It won 't be much longer . How many times have you read that ? [ chuckles ] Too many to count . You and your romans . My romans lived because they died . They had full lives because they knew it would be over one day . George . That 's the natural order of things , isn 't it ? I love you . Loved our life , but doesn 't life need death at the end To have any meaning ? Shh ! Shh ! No . No , no , no . Don 't say that . It 's not true . We are so close . We 're so close , my love . [ sighs ] But is it right ? Is this right ? I thought that we would grow old and die together . I did . And then I died And woke up like this . [ dog barking ] [ crack , dog yelps ] I don 't want to put any pressure on you , But I did just get an offer on this space , so ... Uh , I have to go . Do you need help ? No . Why won 't you let me help you with what you 're working on ? Look , thanks for helping with the realtor , But I got to go . [ door opens ] So ... [ door closes ] You think he 's taking it ? [ camera shutter clicks , police radio chatter ] [ siren wailing in distance ] Duval : Two more dead , same level of violence , And a dog over by the fence , torn up like the men . Did you get anything from emma ? No . I showed her the sign , but ... If it was a gang , she didn 't know it . These two dead are chinese-american , Just like the last time . Is serial killer targeting an ethic community . You running down any asian hate groups ? Yeah , we 've got agents With hate crime and serial-killer experience Coming up from l.A. I need to present what we have for them First thing in the morning , so you call emma peng . You tell her this is her community that 's being targeted . She 's gonna have to dig deeper . You got it . [ cellphone rings , beeps ] Hey , gloria . What do you have for me ? Gloria : Listen , I got through the blood panel of the first crime scene , The family of four , And I isolated blood that must be from the killer . You got an I.D. ? No , but it must be the killer 's Because it doesn 't match the victims . You need to step all over this phone conversation right now . Working on it . And if it doesn 't match the victims , It has to be the killer 's right ? Gloria , what are you trying to say ? Work faster . Jam it . Got it . Jamming it now . Okay , so the thing is , the killer 's blood is ... [ static , feedback ] I didn 't get that . Say it again . Transgenic . The dna in the killer 's blood .. [ static , feedback ] The one from the cocktail glass I matched to your family . I thought you would want to know . Gloria , I can 't hear you . [ engine starts ] Hello ? Duval ? [ ringing ] This is gloria . I can 't come to the phone right now . Leave me a message . [ bee ] [ cellphone beeps ] [ cellphone beeps ] Betty : This is betty , the realtor . Just checking in about the - - [ beep ] Otto : It 's otto . I need blood samples from you As a basis for the universal cure . Once I have them , we won 't be needing you anymore , so - - [ beep ] Mary : It 's mary . Arthur says you 've been sitting in your parked car . If you want , you know you can call . [ cellphone rings ] Yeah . Emma : It 's emma . There 's something you 'll want to come and see . On my way . [ engine starts ] Is that him ? He says he was at the last killing . He got away , but he saw the killer . He 's here illegally , so he won 't talk to the cops . I told him he could trust you . Was I wrong ? Emma : Li , this is the man I told you about , The one who will pay you a reward . Tell him what you told me . Go on , li . Tell him . It 's okay . He killed both my friends and my dog . We weren 't doing nothing . Li , I 'm sorry to have to ask you this , But I need to know you were really there . There 's a bunch of facts the f.B.I. Haven 't released , But if you were there , you would know them . How did he kill your friends ? With his hands . He wasn 't there . The damage done to the victims Was done with a weapon or a tool . He used his hands . I saw him . Did you see his face ? No . It was too dark and it was too high up . High up ? What do you mean ? He was a giant . Like this . A-and he killed my friends . He tore them apart . Okay . It was a giant and he did it with his bare hands . Is there anything else you remember ? I don 't think he had ears . You been drinking tonight ? Yes . For a few days running ? All week . But I saw what I saw . Sleep inside tonight , okay ? [ sighs ] I believe he believes what he saw , But drinking all week Will make you see things that aren 't there . Thanks . Gracie . What are you doing here ? And what did I say would happen to you If I ever saw you again ? I 'm sorry about the other night . It was stupid . I was just showing off . I should thank you for putting a stop to it Before anyone got hurt . Please don 't break my hands . He 's not gonna break your hands , are you , uncle jimmy ? Whatever I.D. They showed you was fake . Take that back . I 'm almost 21 . You 're not helping yourself . Gracie , what is going on ? Grandpa always talked about peng 's , Said it 's where both sides of the law drank , And I wanted to show garret something cool about our family . Can we at least stay for lunch ? [ sighs ] Yep . We can have lunch , But it 's not safe around here , So afterwards , I 'm taking you home , okay ? Adair : Agent pritchard . Ma 'am . Gentlemen , excuse us , please . We just got word that - - That gloria mundy was pronounced dead at county general . Gloria ? What happened ? She stepped into the street . Hit-and-run . No witnesses . I was just talking to her . I know . You were her last call . But she had gotten the crime-scene blood results . We got cut off before she could give me her report . I had them sent here to me . It 's no help . The killer 's blood doesn 't match to anything in the system . I was just talking to her . Going to peng 's , the drummer boy ... You 're pushing boundaries . I get it . Just don 't be stupid , okay ? Every teenager does it . Well , your dad didn 't , but your aunt helen , I mean ... [ chuckles ] she ... You do that a lot , you know ? Hmm ? Say things as if you 're grandpa , Then stop and say , " oh , no . I mean , that 's what your grandpa told me . " I read an f.B.I. Interrogator handbook dad had on his shelf . If you were my suspect and you did that , You know what I 'd think ? No , what 'd you think ? You have something to confess . You 'd make a good cop . It runs in my blood . By a previous agreement , The core blood donor will remain anonymous , Known only to myself and otto . Our plan is to break ground On a dedicated 26-acre cancer cure facility By the beginning of the quarter And to be in human trials by the end of next year . Professor ? F.D.A. Regulations provide protection For human subjects of clinical investigations Conducted pursuant to requirements [ echoing ] for prior submission to f.D.A. Or conducted in support of applications for permission ... Mary : You know , I wasn 't sure if it would work , this cure . James : Now that you 're cured , There 's not really much point in me being here . [ sighs ] [ beep ] arthur : Mary , are you feeling ill ? You left that meeting abruptly . [ sighs ] I 'm fine , arthur . I just didn 't want to be there . But this project must be very fulfilling for you . The project will run itself . All it needs now is money . Can I help with something else ? Access the f.B.I. Computers . Show me what duval and pritchard are working on . Yes , mary . Two crime scenes with this left behind And no apparent connection between the victims . Arthur , use every bit of computing power lookinglass has . Find a connection . Gracie : I know I sound like aunt helen , But when you came to get me that night with the gun , For a second I thought it was him - - Grandpa . Well , you 'd had a few beers . Yeah . Yeah , maybe so . But there 's something that you 're not telling me . [ cellphone rings ] [ grumbles ] Mary goodwin ? You know her ? Kind of . Well , answer it . I 'll call her back . Call her back ? It 's mary goodwin . [ beep ] Whoa . Mary : I need to talk to you . Hi , mary . I got my niece , gracie , in the car . Hello , gracie . Oh , my god . Oh , my god . Hello ! I need to talk to you about the case . We don 't have a case . I have a case , and I 'm doing fine with that . I found a connection between the killings . You won 't talk to me about the case , and I think I know why , But you 'll want to hear this . Come here , and I 'll tell you . [ beep ] How does your car do that ? Why do you know mary goodwin ? And how come she talks to you like that ? [ sighs ] All right . You found a connection . What is it ? It 's not the victims that have something in common , It 's the crime scenes . The same person lived at them . Albert lin lived at the first crime scene from 2008 to 2012 . He lived at the second from 1978 to 1985 , And then it was condemned and torn down . The only thing these places have in common Is that albert lin called them home . And this is how you would draw home . Hmm . Why 'd you cut me out ? Cut you out of what ? You 're working this case and you won 't ask for help . It 's like you 're punishing me for being cured . I thought we were good out there together , and you did , too . The two of us . I did . And then you suddenly shut off ? You barely speak to me . You 're cured , mary . You 're going back to how things were - - you and otto . If I 'm done here , I 'm done here . [ sighs ] [ speaking twinspeak ] What does that mean ? It means " I don 't want you to go . " How do you say , " I don 't want to go ? " [ speaking twinspeak ] [ repeating twinspeak ] Where 's albert lin now ? He went missing three years ago . Now he 's just trying to come home . James : Albert lin lived at those two places . The only other place he lived in seattle was 8383 bledsoe . You have to get agents there . It 's where he grew up . 8383 bledsoe . They just called it in . Married couple , same m.O. Bodies broken , ripped apart . Look , it seems significant he lived at those places , But I just pulled up his missing-persons report . You are aware that albert lin was born in 1937 . That would make him 79 years old . Maybe he 's working with someone . Look , I talked to a witness , said he saw the killer , Said it was a big guy , did it with his bare hands . You talked to a witness and you didn 't tell me ? I thought he was just a drunk . Now I 'm not so sure . If somebody 's going through all the places that albert lived One by one , And his earliest address is 8383 bledsoe ... Where is he going now ? I 've got to take this to the brass . Sit tight . Are we going to sit tight ? [ indistinct conversations ] You 're mary goodwin . How do you know mary goodwin ? Why does everyone find it weird that I know her ? Because wired magazine called her " america 's e-princess , " And based on the way you drink and play cards , I 'd call you a buckethead . Okay , everybody . Listen up . I want to thank emma for tracking you all down . You 're here because you knew albert lin At some phase in his life . You know that he went missing three years ago . We think he might be in some kind of trouble . Now you 're all gonna get a phone . I want you to press record and say anything you know About albert lin . Anything you can remember at all . We 're looking for any place he might 've called home , Even if he didn 't officially live there . [ all speaking chinese ] [ chinese continues ] This isn 't the work of a 79-year-old man , But seems connected to albert lin . Find out how . Drill down into his life . Find everything you can on him . Yes , ma 'am . And any leads on gloria 's hit-and-run ? No . But she was one of us . We will find them . This first , then that . Yeah , this first , then that . Something you said on this might help us find albert lin - - Magic land ? [ speaking chinese ] We used to go there as kids . It was a lot smaller then . [ speaking chinese ] In the summer , we went every day When we could scrape enough money together . We called it our home away from home . Home away from home . â ™ ª Not that I don 't think you 're good at your job , but ... I was hoping they 'd send other agents . They 're mounting up . I knew you wouldn 't wait for backup . You want to wait ? No . I don 't . He 's going back in time , killing after killing , So if he 's gonna be here at all , it 'll be soon . I ever bring you here as a kid ? Once . Punched a clown . I pun- - [ chuckles ] Did he deserve it ? He was a clown . Oldest part of the park is this way . Some of it would 've still been around when he was a kid . All right , let 's say albert lin is involved . Why unleash that level of violence On places you used to live ? That 's easy . He wants to go home . When he gets there , it 's not his home anymore . That could make anybody angry . You know , you can come live with me if you want . [ metallic clang ] [ rustling ] [ creaking ] How long before the f.B.I. Get to the park ? They 're in motion now . We should be able to get in and out before they get there . [ helicopter blades whirring ] [ creak ] [ creaking ] [ gunshot in distance ] [ grunting ] [ grunts ] Son . I 'm okay . I think he busted my knee . He 's gone . I 'll double back . Yeah . Be careful . [ grunts ] Where the hell did you come from ? Where 's albert lin ? Where 's albert lin ? Albert lin ! I don 't think so , pal . He 's a little bit older than you are . [ groans ] [ yells ] [ grunts ] [ growls ] Albert lin . Are you albert lin ? [ helicopter blades whirring ] [ growls ] Are you albert lin ? Are you trying to get home ? [ popping ] [ growls ] [ coughs ] Oh . Since when do you guys use tranq darts ? Those weren 't my guys . [ siren wailing in distance ] [ sighs ] You okay ? Yeah . You ? He just beat the crap out of me . No man can beat the crap out of me , duval . He was stronger than me - - a lot stronger , and , uh ... And what ? And he was albert lin . No . Albert lin is an old man . Yeah , I know that . So am I. Duval : One of our agents was killed . She was run down . It was a hit-and-run . She was on the phone with me when it happened . She wanted to tell me Something about the blood at the crime scene , Something about the killer 's blood . Before that woman got run down , It sounded like my phone was being jammed . She might 've still been talking . If she was ... Then lookinglass might be able to help . I got it . Find out what she was saying . I got it . â ™ ª How many crime scenes ? How many victims ? Mr. Graff . How many crime scenes ? How many victims ? Four crime scenes , including where we found him . Nine dead . He did eight . We had , uh ... A fed to clean up . All right . Well , clean the rest of this up . None of this comes back to me or this company , Then you come tell me how he got out in the first place . Yes , sir . Arthur : I have located the call made to duval pritchard . It was jammed on agent duval 's end , But gloria mundy 's side of the call Is still on the phone company 's meta-server . Would you like me to play it ? Yes . Gloria : Transgenic . The d.N.A. In the killer 's blood Was artificially engineered , Just like the d.N.A. Sample you brought me a while back - - The one from the cocktail glass I matched to your family . [ chime plays ] I 'm not the only one brought back . Who are they ? I don 't know about any others . Mary , who are they ? You 're the only one I know about . I swear it . What about otto ? We should ask him . Where is he ? Arthur , where 's otto ? Mary : You 're working this case but you won 't ask for help . It 's like you 're punishing me for being cured . Where did you get this ? I was transcribing video notes from mary 's meeting And I saw it . I thought you should know . I never did trust that pritchard . James : You 're cured , mary . Was it wrong for me to show you ? ... You and otto . If I 'm done here , I 'm done here . No . You can go . [ speaking twinspeak ] What does that mean ? It means " I don 't want you to go . " How do you say , " I don 't want to go ? " [ speaking twinspeak ] [ repeating twinspea ] [ screaming ] You 've just watched second chance . Now here are a few more shows to check out from fox . Welcome to the toughest challenge of your life . Four decorated heroes- - ( trigger cocks , gunshot ) Will train 16 civilians- ( horn blows ) - whoo ! Just like they were military . Let 's go ! Get down here now ! - John cena hosts a team competition- - - all : Booyah ! Where you 're only as strong as your weakest link . We would have been better off without you there . - You give up- - - I 'm-a stop this now . You will be pushed ! - You go home . - Woman : No , no , no ! American grit.April 14 on fox . We all got it comin ' to us sooner or later . Why don 't you tell me about these chains- - how we 're gonna break ' em . Next time I see you , I will kill you . â ™ ª ( hip-hop ) Truth is , we are at war . Drop ' em ! Help me , god ! This whole thing will bring out the worst in you . I want revenge . We did what we had to do . No doubt .
