 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Your APB 's been lifted . You could go back to your old life if you want . I don 't know . It 's pretty interesting here . I 'll appoint a new head to the ATCU , one who understands they answer to you . Oh , boy . We need to replace our losses . And our guest needs Inhumans . You want to believe , but you don 't know if you can . You 'll believe ... once I make a believer out of him . Grant Ward . I wish we could have met under different circumstances . He was a good soldier . He dedicated his life to Hydra . Thank you for arranging that . He was strong , resilient ... a perfect host . I made some moves this week to ensure we have all the inhumans we need when the time comes . In fact ... I just acquired one you might find useful . Bring him in . See if you can get through to him . I want to see his eyes . What are you ? What are we ? Don 't leave like this , Carla . It 's not my fault . I just couldn 't say no to the president . Yes , you could have . You just didn 't want to . You 're always choosing career over family , Glenn . That 's not true . And now we 're finally paying the price . I 'm gonna fix this , Carla . Everything okay ? What the hell are you doing here ? Are you spying on me ? You know , my personal life is none of your damn business . You 're right . But the ATCU is , which you now run . And since you refuse to talk to me or return my calls , I didn 't really have a choice . I 've been busy . You know I 'm technically your boss now , right ? But I 'd prefer to be partners . You are not now , nor will you ever be , my boss . And we will never be partners . I didn 't ask to get put in front of this sideshow circus . If I find out you had anything to do with it ... It was the president 's idea , as was the symposium in Taiwan that we 're supposed to be getting ready for . We need to be prepared . Somehow , I have a feeling Your idea of being prepared and my idea of being prepared are two wildly different things . Watch where you 're aiming that ! You 're not seriously gonna take that with you , are you ? Best to be overprepared than caught with your guns down . It 's a diplomatic conference . Yeah . Throw inhumans into the mix , and you have to expect the unexpected ... Speedy powers , melty powers , eyeball death rays . Well , that 's why we 've got Daisy and Lincoln with us . Oh , yeah . Good old shake 'n bake . What 's in the case ? It 's the director 's new toy ... something we 've been working on . Does it kill , stun , or disintegrate ? It makes gloves . Hey , Fitz . Are you coming with us ? My work 's done . I 'm just gonna put this in the director 's cabin . So , what do you know about this conference ? I know it 's small , secret , just a few countries . They 're calling it " a symposium on the alien contagion . " No wonder everyone is afraid of us when they use words like that . And you know , we 're only part alien , and it 's not a disease ... it 's an awakening . Interesting word choice . I mean , for me . Terrigenesis made me who I was supposed to be . I was given a gift , and I use it to stop bad people from doing bad things . Unfortunately , some of those bad people were also inhumans . Yeah , well , you know who else does bad things are humans , but you don 't see any symposiums on the human contagion . Humans , we know . Inhumans are brand-new territory . People fear what they don 't understand . Any word from Lincoln ? How 's his field op with May going ? Just a trial run . But having been there myself , I 'd say he 's miserable . You 're too obvious . Blend in . I 've been blending in half my life . Pretty sure I can handle this . Where are you ? Watching your every move . Stay focused . Field work isn 't always about rushing in and using your powers . Look for anything out of the ordinary ... People with their hands in their pockets , long coats , clothes that don 't match the weather . Wait . I think I see something suspicious . What is it ? What do you see ? No one would ever intentionally cut their hair like that . Not funny . We 're here to protect the director . Try and remember that . This symposium is gonna be a colossal waste of time . Sitting around a conference table , singing " Kumbaya " is not going to accomplish a damn thing . I 'm less interested in the symposium than I am with the intel we can gather there . We need to know if any of these countries are harboring inhumans . So it 's a sneaky , little spy mission . S.H.I.E.L.D. , remember ? That 's how we roll . May , I 've got one . No joke . My gut tells me Malick will have a presence there ... someone in his pocket trying to influence the delegates while getting information on any inhumans . Sounds like you . Yeah . But we 're the good guys . I know it 's none of my business , but I hope you and Carla work things out for your son ... George , right ? What is he ... 11 now ? He 's 12 . - A good age . - Yeah . Good night , general . Director . Coulson , 12 : 00 . Get out of there now ! Creel . - Get in . - Hey ! Coulson ! What are you doing ? May , they got Carl Creel . I need backup . Lincoln , forget what I said . Rush in and use your powers . I 'm on it . Hey , Michelin man . Let 's finish this . Lincoln ! Lincoln , enough ! Stand down . That 's an order ! What the hell do you think you 're doing ? ! It 's Creel . He was trying to assassinate you . Assassinate me ? He 's here to protect me . His absorbing powers don 't seem so impressive now , not with all the inhumans around . Mr. Creel , I 'd like to ask you a few questions , if you don 't mind . Do you know how you got your powers ? An experiment . Something went wrong . Something went right . You 're the only human who survived contact with a terrigen Obelisk . What was that like ? It hurt . Well , by all accounts , you should be dead . Only inhumans can touch them and survive . Do you know how that was possible ? Beats me . I still have a sample of his DNA . Yeah , perhaps we should reopen our study , now we know more about the inhumans . Do you know how long we 'll be keeping him here ? I don 't know . There 's still a lot of bad blood . He killed my friends , Izzy and Idaho . I watched them die . He was brainwashed by Hydra . He didn 't know what he was doing . It took us months to undo their dirty work . - He 's a good kid . - he 's a murderer . And he had a criminal record long before Hydra got their hands on him . He 's from the streets . He made some mistakes . He 's reformed . I believe everyone deserves a second chance , but taking him with us on a covert mission doesn 't seem like the place to test it . It 's a crazy world out there , full of powered people . I finally have one of my own . I don 't leave home without him . What are you saying ? He doesn 't go , I don 't go . Fine . We 'll go without you . We don 't need him . Actually , we do . If the acting head of our own ATCU doesn 't show up , it sends a bad message ... Not to mention it will embarrass the president and destroy any hope of an international coalition . What are you saying ? He goes . You can 't be seri ... This debate is over . I 'm taking a big leap of faith . You better be right . I trust him with my life . If he steps out of line in any way , Lincoln and I will take him down so hard , he 'll never get up . Agent May , will you escort General Talbot down to see Creel ? Excuse me . I 'm not kidding ... I will hurt him . You 're not on this op . What do you mean ? I should be there . I agree , but there are two rules for the symposium . The first is , no aliens . The delegates want to be able to speak freely without fear of offending anyone . Yeah , well , it 's too late for that . And what 's the second rule ? No weapons . And what are we supposed to do if someone else decides not to play by those rules ? That 's why having Creel there might not be such a bad idea . He 's not inhuman , so he 'll pass any DNA screenings they may have , and if he is truly reformed , could be an asset . You can 't take the bad out of a bad man . May I have a word ? Your body isn 't improving . Maybe a new host , one not so damaged . I know you 're not offering yourself . The host must be dead . Oh , no . I 'm afraid this old body wouldn 't be the right choice . Perhaps Giyera ... an inhuman . I cannot inhabit inhumans . We cannot feed on our own kind . Well , I 'm sure I could find a volunteer . Grant Ward will serve my needs until we 're ready . Very well , then . I can assure you there won 't be any more setbacks . Good . We like to hear that . Briefing 's about to start . Hunter . I 'm tempted to throw him off the plane right now . We made a deal with the devil once before , and we all know how that worked out . Mission 's more important . Aren 't you tired of saying that ? ' cause I 'm tired of hearing it . Certainly didn 't apply when your husband 's life was on the line . Stating the obvious . I 'm just here to make sure my friends don 't die . He has a habit of killing them . You 're here for Bobbi ... Nothing more . She 's the only reason why you call yourself an agent And why you couldn 't care less about the mission . Are you saying you 'd rather have that guy covering you than me ? Honestly , not so sure . Well , that 's no way to treat a friend who 's just trying to watch your back . We 're not friends . I 'll carry on watching your back , regardless . There will be five other delegates at the symposium with general Talbot . They have information that we need and that Malick would like to get his hands on . Malick 's obsession with inhumans continues , So it 's likely that one of these delegates is his inside man . - Or woman . - Our mission ... collect intel on any foreign inhumans and uncover the insider so that we can track them back to Malick . The symposium kicks off with a reception held by our taiwanese hosts . All of the delegates will be in attendance , along with their attachés , a small number of invited guests , General Talbot , and myself . I don 't care what they call it . It 's a dress . You must be loving this . You 're the president 's official representative . It 's a customary way to honor them for hosting this symposium , and you look very dignified . It 's all loosey-goosey under there . I will be attending as Dr. Sean lundwall , A CDC expert in alien biology . General Talbot , as acting head of the ATCU , will attend as himself . General Talbot ? I recognize your face . Anton Petrov . Please thank your President for organizing this . I think we will all find it very valuable . This is Dr. Lundwall from the CDC . Oh , uh , so sorry . Uh , I very much look forward to your presentation . We have so much to learn about these creatures . Excuse me , gentlemen . That 's our guy . Because he called them " creatures " ? Could be a mistranslation . Because he 's Russian , And he 's probably in cahoots with that Sushiyaki . Yakimura ? Yeah . Talbot and I will find out what we can at the reception . The rest is up to you once the symposium starts . I 've acquired a list of the delegates ' rooms . Those rooms are only accessible with a full palm print . So , how are we supposed to get in ? Do you want us to cut their hands off ? We won 't need to cut off any hands , but ... I will need to shake a few . Ms. Chen . Dr. Sean Lundwall . It 's a beautiful place . Thank you for hosting . It 's our pleasure . Fits like a glove . General Talbot . I must say , I 'm quite honored that you 're wearing a traditional long gown . Well , the honor 's all mine . I don 't put on a dress for just anyone . I don 't think we 've met . Ellen King . Have you found a cure for them , Doctor ? A cure needs a disease . Interesting . I 'm sure you 'll enlighten us all later . Excuse us . I think it 's Chen . She 's too nice . Never trust nice . Although , did you see the scar on down under 's face ? Maybe she tangled with one of the inhumans , Got her all hotheaded , you know ? Congratulations . You 've just narrowed it down to everyone . Don 't leave his side until I return . I 'm concerned about the way he looks . You call me if anything changes . Yes , sir . Hail Hydra . Despite what he just said , I 'm gonna need you both to leave my side . What do you need ? Humans ... five of them ... alive . - I 'm not gonna fight you . - It 's not fighting ... It 's training . We finally found a night off together , and this is what you want to do ? We could be lounging or binge-watching some show or ... I need to blow off some steam , and you need to get ready for your agent assessment at the Cocoon . Yeah , can 't wait . More time apart . I like it when you miss me . No powers . Okay ? Just you and me . You 're getting better . Is this how you 've been spending your free time ? What free time ? I think you 're starting to like spending time in the field ... That rush of adrenaline . Not so sure the field is my thing . What 's your thing ? Don 't know . Maybe it 's you . So sorry . Um , there 's something going on with Creel 's DNA sample . I could really use a doctor who understands inhuman biology . Well , I happen to have one of those right here . Go do your thing . We 're gonna pick this up right where we left off . Have a seat , please . I trust you 've all had a chance to recover , freshen up from that reception . I got to say , it 's nice to finally put a series of faces to all your unpronounceable names . Uh , okay , well , on behalf of president Ellis , I 'd like to thank you all for gathering here . As I 'm sure you 're all aware , there have been rumors , reports , and sightings of a new breed of alien living among us . It 's our hope that , by working together , we can come to a consensus about how to deal with them . We can start by not calling them aliens . They prefer the term " Inhumans . " What kind of a name is that ? Is it meant to intimidate us , mock us ? Not at all . They 're just trying to find their place in the world , but they 're more human than anything else , and I think it 's important that we see them that way . King sounds a little hostile . I 'm in . Haruto Yakimura 's room . It 's not a virus or a disease . It can 't be spread . It 's a genetic anomaly that affects a very , very small percentage of the population , but they 're as human as we are , just ... with a little something extra . Unfortunately , this something extra could destroy us all . That depends on whether we make them our friends or our enemies . We should think of them as an opportunity ... an opportunity for compassion . I agree . Uh , these inhumans are not our enemies . In fact , should their numbers increase , my country is prepared to establish a home for them within our borders , a sanctuary state , where they could live in peace if they so choose build a community , teach us about themselves . All the inhumans in one spot ? That 's one-stop shopping for Malick . I 'm putting my money on this guy Petrov . Whether they are human or alien is not the issue . Their powers are the issue . And let 's face it ... each of our nations would rather have that power on our side . This is an arms race , and sending any inhumans we may find off to Russia is like sending them our nuclear weapons . They are not weapons . Weapons or not , I think this is a very naive and dangerous proposition ... to put them all in one place ? They could organize , rise up against us . There are hardly enough of them to be ... Not yet . But who knows how many more are coming ? Are you listening to this , Hunter ? I 'm listening . The Australian sounds paranoid . I 'm in her room now . Whatever she 's hiding , I 'll find it . Oh , bloody hell . I knew it . Creel 's leaving his post . He 's making a run for it . Here we have a sample of Daisy 's blood taken two years ago , before she was exposed to terrigen . Now , when we add the terrigen ... the reaction is what we 'd expect . Terrigenesis . Dr. Fitz , if you wouldn 't mind ... Here , we have the same blood , but watch what happens when we add a sample of Creel 's blood to the mix . It not only stops the Terrigenesis process ... it breaks it down . Creel 's blood is protecting hers . A vaccine against Terrigenesis . Potentially . It can 't reverse the effects once someone 's transformed , - but ... - This could virtually put an end to ... To us ? I 'm sorry , but isn 't that what you were gonna say ? We do not believe the inhumans are a plague or weapons . I support Mr. Petrov 's sanctuary state , and I propose we vote on the matter . I second that . If the Russki turns out to be the inside man , this vote could be a bad thing for us . We 've got three yeas , two nays . If I vote yea , he 's gonna have a lot of inhumans in his backyard when the sun comes up , you know ? We 've caught an encrypted text going out . Looks like it 's from Ellen King . Hunter , are you in her room ? Hunter 's off mission . He 's chasing Creel . Can you decrypt the message ? Decrypting . " Move ... him ... now . " We need to get in her room . Copy that . That truck looks like a good place to hide ... easy way out . Ohh , guns . Why does no one ever listen to me ? May , I 've got something . She 's got an inhuman locked up and sedated for military experiments , but I 'm not seeing a Malick connection . Any word from Hunter ? Radio silence . Bobbi and May , we 've been set up . We need to get Coulson and Talbot out of there now . Before we vote , I 'd like to thank Dr. Lundwall for helping us to better understand inhumans . Yes . If the vote is passed and the sanctuary state is approved , it will in no small part be each of ... I 'm sorry . I 'm gonna have to postpone this vote . Guards ! It has come to my attention that we have a traitor among us . Arrest this man . What the hell are you doing ? ! What is the meaning of this , general ? He 's been spying on us . Talbot , stop this . This man has violated our lives , he 's violated our rooms , and he 's violated our trust . He 's a liar ... and a fraud . This man is not Dr. Sean Lundwall . His real name is ... This is Phil Coulson the director of Hydra . You 're the inside man . Kumbaya . I hate to be a buzzkill , but this is a gun-free zone , So I 'm gonna have to take that off you . Hunter , what 's going on ? They 've got Talbot 's son . - What ? - I 'm pretty sure it 's him ... in one of those gel-matrix cubes . Malick . He 's blackmailing Talbot . - Why would he do that ? - Betray Coulson . Standard-issue Hydra ... Print detection so no one else can use it . Great . Coulson 's in trouble , the place is crawling with armed Hydra agents , and we have no weapons . Not strictly true . Buon appetito . I love you . I don 't hate you quite as much . You two , find Coulson and Talbot . I 'll find Talbot 's son . We can 't save everyone , Daisy . And not everyone who can change should change . That 's why Jiaying was so selective at afterlife . - She was also crazy . - Not about this . There is a balance that has to be maintained . Things are getting way out of whack . A-a vaccine might not be a bad thing . Do you even hear what you 're saying ? You sound like one of those hate groups that 's been trolling the internet ... the ... the watchdogs or whatever they 're calling themselves . " Kill the aliens and take back the planet . " That 's not what this is about . It 's about giving people a choice . It 's a birthright . It is not a choice . And maybe things are getting out of whack because it 's our time . Do you think it was Lash 's time ? Was it his birthright ? Don 't you think Dr. Garner would have liked to have had a choice ? All I know is that if the government got their hands on a vaccine , it won 't be a choice . They will wipe us out . We do not have a disease , Lincoln . Technically , it is a disease . I studied this . Any disturbance of structure or function of the body ... Oh , boy , someone went to med school , so , everyone , shut up and listen . Yeah , I wasn 't hacking my way through life . Some of you know me . You know that I served on the World Security Council . You know the good works that my foundations do . Some of you don 't know me yet , but you will . We 'll work together to do good for the world . But what do you know of Phil Coulson , a man who claims to feel compassionately about these inhumans ? Let 's peel away some of the layers and see what 's inside . Phil Coulson is no friend to the inhumans ... In fact , he 'd like to exterminate them , which is why he was trying to manipulate this group into putting them all in one place . He 's lying . That 's not what I want ... that 's what he wants . You 're all welcome to believe him , but my reputation speaks for itself . This is a gel-matrix tank . Mr. Coulson developed the technology to keep the inhumans in suspended animation , but , in fact , with a mere flick of a switch , from any remote location , he can shut them off , killing them instantly . I think we 've had enough of Mr. Coulson . Let 's lock him up until the officials arrive . What did he do ? Who does he have ? Talbot ! These are the healthiest we could find . Lucio has frozen them in place for you . I hope they 're acceptable . Yes . Well done . One will be your host ? I have a better use for them . Yes , they are innocents ... but they will serve the greater good . You gentlemen interested in changing jobs ? Good guys are hiring . You don 't get to kill people in cold blood , but we got a really good retirement plan . Where 's your boss ? Didn 't have the guts to do this himself ? Yes . But I also have money to pay people to do my menial jobs . All right , I kept my end of the bargain ... I delivered Coulson . All the delegates are on your side . Now give me back my son . Malick , you son of a bitch . I 'm sorry . I can 't do that . No . No . We had a deal ! Yes , but , unfortunately , you must all be sacrificed to the greater good . Why go to all this trouble ? I 'm building an army . And another army will stand to fight them . You won 't be able to convert them all . I won 't have to . Kill them . Do me a favor and shoot him first . I 'd like one moment of peace before I go . You didn 't know he was gonna double-cross you ? He is Hydra ... just sayin ' . I knew he was ... do you think I don 't know ? Do you think I 'm stupid ? Then what are you doing in here ? Doesn 't seem like a very smart plan . I have an inside man . Like I said , I trust him with my life . Where 's my son ? He 's still with Hydra . Hunter found him , but he almost blew my cover . I had to hurt him ... a little . Come on . Open this thing up . Bust these cuffs off us . - Go on ! Get out of here ! - Give me a hand ! Got it ! Let 's go ! What do you want to do with this hand ? It 's kind of freaking me out . Stop , stop . Give me that . Why didn 't you tell me Malick had George ? I couldn 't . He took him as soon as I was appointed to the ATCU . Told me he 'd kill him with the push of a button if I told anybody . He 's the kind of guy who would do exactly that . - And Carla ? - She knows . She blames me . I sent her someplace safe . Come on . We 're gonna fix this . We 're gonna fix everything . Were we the only ones that got the " no weapons " memo ? I 'm bored of this . Cover me . We 're in the conference room . No sign of Coulson or Tal ... That doesn 't make us even . Creel ! Where 's my son ? I don 't know . I need you to find Malick . There 's only one road between here and the airfield , so there 's a chance he hasn 't left . If you find him , stay with him . I want to know where he 's going . The rest of us will focus on trying to find Talbot 's son . Yeah , Coulson , about that ... I 'm sorry . Sorry I got a little militant about the vaccine . I-I don 't know what 's going on with me right now . You know , I 'm envious of you . Why is that ? You have this natural zen thing with your powers . Maybe you got it from your mom or hanging around May . Whatever it is , I wish I had it . What are you talking about ? You were like ... you were like the zen master when we were at afterlife . It was easy there ... No stress , no fear . Here ... not so much . Well , maybe I can help you . I don 't know if it can be helped . For you , controlling your power is like finding peace . For me , it 's a ... a war inside my head . I just don 't want to lose control . Sometimes , it 's good to lose control . He 's gonna be okay . He just needs some rest . He won 't remember any of it . Carla would be very happy to know you made it right . Well ... I had a little help . That 's what partners are for , you know ? Call me " Glenn . " Occasionally . I 'll leave you alone now . I informed our agents down under about Ellen King 's inhuman . They managed to get him out . He 's still sedated , but getting treatment . Any word from Bobbi or Hunter ? Not yet , but I 'll keep trying . There 's one more thing . What ? Malick is supposed to be the last head of Hydra , but I can 't shake this feeling that he 's reporting to someone else . Someone more powerful than Malick ? Someone or something . We 'll return in a moment . Coulson didn 't sour you , it 's still a noble and worthwhile idea , and I 'd like to help you any way that I can . Thank you , Mr. Malick , and thank you for this incredible ride home . It 's my pleasure ... anything for a friend . There are a few obstacles in my country , but with your influence , we should be able to work them all out , and then we shall have our sanctuary state . To a place where all inhumans can live peacefully and not have to worry about the likes of Coulson . Cheers to that . Hunter , Bobbi , are you there ? Come in . Over . Sorry . Can 't talk right now , boss . We 're in the belly of the beast . We 'll call you when we land . Wherever that may be .
