 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... You 're here for bobbi . She 's the only reason why you call yourself an agent . Well , that 's no way to treat a friend . We 're not friends . Malick is supposed to be the last head of hydra , But I can 't shake this feeling That he 's reporting to someone else . And our guest needs inhumans . I 'm building an army . Gideon malick has a stake in almost every country 's economy . He spent a lifetime and a fortune building influence . Uh , these inhumans are not our enemies . My country is prepared To establish a home for them - - a sanctuary state . There are a few obstacles , but with your influence , We should be able to work them all out . Coulson : Hunter , bobbi , are you there ? Come in . Over . Sorry . Can 't talk right now , boss . We 're in the belly of the beast . We 'll call you when we land . â ™ ª [ chuckles ] [ french accent ] incroyable . How you are alive , sitting here , is a miracle to me . You 're lucky that your government intervened - - That interpol was brought in at all . For something as serious at this ? â ™ ª Three highly decorated members of the russian government , Murdered in cold blood , on russian soil , By former s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents . â ™ ª In another time , we would have found you Three feet below the ice - - if we found you at all . You must have something to say for yourself . I 'd like a cheeseburger , medium , With cheddar cheese , Ketchup , mayo , lettuce , and tomato . And some curly fries . Crispy . Ms. Morse I 'm your only ally here . There 's no one else to help you , nowhere to run . So tell me ... What were you doing in siberia ? â ™ ª [ both breathing heavily ] Malick 's convoy heading our way . Probably should stretch before running . Hey , where 's the de- - I thought I had it . Ah , being cooped up in a jet Isn 't exactly conducive to blood flow . Where 's the target designator ? Oh , hold on . I got it . Here you go . Bird to zephyr , painting target . Do you copy ? Fitz : Copy that , bird . Target 's lit . We 're tracking now . â ™ ª Okay , it looks like malick 's convoy 's Heading for this decommissioned power plant About 30 kilometers away . Dead in the middle of nowhereville , siberia . Yeah , if malick and his russian patsy Want to build some inhuman sanctuary , Why not build it someplace nice and sunny ? Same reason they don 't put a prison camp in malibu - - " not in my backyard . " That 's what the sanctuary really is gonna be , isn 't it ? A prison camp . We 'll see what bobbi and hunter find when they get there . Fitz : Zephyr to bird - - we have malick 's convoy , Can guide you to them , But you 're gonna need some transport . Will that be a problem ? â ™ ª [ gun cocks ] No , I think we 're good . Chop-chop . I have to say , I have never encountered someone like you . Oh , why , thank you . Someone who has the ability To spout absolute nonsense with such ease . It 's not nonsense . It 's the truth . Bobbi and I were on holiday , picking mushrooms - - In the woods of siberia in the dead of winter . Do you know a better place to find the jumbo chaga mushroom ? Because I certainly do not . You were caught with a weapon , standing over a dead man . An unfortunate circumstance . Who ordered the assassination ? Assassination ? Are you joking ? You broke in to a top-secret russian facility . We were accosted in the woods by some ham-fisted - - Dare I say , drunken - - soldiers , Who dragged us into this entire mess . All we did was try to get out of it . We 're the victims here , mate . You want to know the key to a good mushroom soup ? Dried porcinis . â ™ ª Quite pretty , in its own way . Zephyr , we 're in sight , but no visuals on the target . Can we get thermals ? Fitz : Yep . We 've got eyes on you , bird , but we can 't see inside the plant . Internal lining must be blocking thermal Or ground-penetrating radar . â ™ ª They 're hiding something . Malick 's suv is inside , parked in the loading-bay area , Along with several military vehicles . Must be their base of operations during construction . They 've wiped out almost 30 square kilometers of forest Just to make room for this place . You wonder why the planet 's dying . Got that right , mate . You and jemma watch that documentary I mentioned ? Oh , yes ! The one about the amazon ? It - - and you 'll talk about it later . We need eyes and ears down there . Malick told me point-blank He 's putting together an inhuman army , So he 's either here to add more soldiers or to set up shop . Copy that . If we 're gonna infiltrate , A surveillance package would help , sir . And guns . Don 't forget those . I 'll send a backup team your way . If we can get to malick , have we got the green light ? You want to assassinate a former member of the world council On russian soil , Knowing that if we get caught Or our actions are tied to the u.S. Government in any way , That it 'll be considered an act of war . So ... You 're saying ... ? P-pretty sure that 's gonna be a no . It 's a big no . Find out what malick 's up to and get back to me . And keep a low profile . Bobbi : Copy . Over and out . â ™ ª Hi . Hi . Kind of nice , isn 't it ? The two of us , alone ... In the woods ... [ chuckles ] No . Not here , not now . Though I love the way you think . Get your mind out of the gutter , woman . I was just trying to recall the last time We went away together on a proper vacation . Well , let 's see . Rio , caesar park hotel . On a mission . Stakeout . San diego . Visiting your mum doesn 't count . Florence ? That wasn 't me . The word you 're looking for is " never . " No , not never . You 're exaggerating . Fine . I 'm exaggerating . This is the job . We have to make certain sacrifices , like free time . Where do you draw the line ? The sacrifices we 've made , the compromises we 've made ... Where 's this coming from ? Carl creel killed two of our friends , And we go on a mission with him . To be fair , talbot brought him in . And coulson approved it . Like we made peace with ward last year to go on a mission , And he almost killed you . Ward 's dead . And here we are , Chasing a man who may be the last head of hydra , And our orders are to surveil him ? Why ? So he can come back to haunt us later ? There 's a pattern emerging , and it always ends badly . Oh , forget it . I just need a break . Are you talking about a vacation or something else ? Hold on . We 've got movement . What 's that tech wrapped around his head ? It 's got to be an inhuman . They 're holding him prisoner . Coulson needs to see this . [ man shouting in russian ] Well , that 's one way to infiltrate the premises . [ speaking russian ] [ shouting in russian ] Please , don 't shoot . Oh , my gosh . We are so sorry . We were just looking for the main road . Out for a spot of mushroom picking . Y-y-you see ? Mushrooms ? My - - my phone battery died , and we got lost . Do you guys have a map ? Duck ! â ™ ª He was just doing his job . So was stalin . â ™ ª What 'd he say ? â ™ ª Where 'd you get the hardware ? We ran into some company . Left them tied up in the forest . Um , are those mushrooms ? Mm-hmm . For soup . â ™ ª It 's not bad , actually . Picked up some chatter on the radio . Malick and the man he brought with him , petrov , Are gonna have some kind of powwow With a few russian cabinet ministers . Cabinet ministers ? Here ? We think they 're here for the same reason as malick - - To get their eyes on an inhuman . Do you think they already have somebody ? We saw a man being carted off inside the compound , Restrained by advanced biotech . Well , I thought the sanctuary hasn 't even started construction yet . We need to get inside , get surveillance up and running . How 's everyone 's russian ? My pronunciation 's not fluent . And mine 's nonexistent . Daisy : I dated a russian hacker once , But I only learned the dirty words . Guys , seriously , we 're spies . I thought we all learned languages . Well , for the record , lincoln 's at the cocoon right now , Studying all sorts of stuff . Russian is not one of them . Sorry . Think this one 's all on you , rosetta stone . But we 'll be in the wings , armed and ready . Hey , at least you look the part , dear . He 's not wrong . Bobbi , you 're with daisy and mack . Find the security hub and locate malick . So that means I stay here alone ? You 're with me . [ gun cocks ] â ™ ª Remember our mission protocol . Low profile , in and out , no one gets caught . â ™ ª Okay . I 'm going to ask you some very basic questions To establish a baseline . Of course . State your full name for the record . Amadeus ravenclaw hunter . â ™ ª Duval : How long were you married ? Which time ? Is it true you were with the british sas ? You start with 4 ounces of dried porcini mushrooms . We have your records . We know you are agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. Yes , and s.H.I.E.L.D. Was dismantled . Your father was a police officer in kent . 1 cup of pearl barley , 2 cups sour cream ... Why did you go to siberia ? We were on vacation . You really want to know my secret ? â ™ ª Chicken bouillon . [ scoffs ] Stall all you want . I will get answers . â ™ ª Duval : When did you divorce mr . Hunter ? We know you were lying about the soldiers . We have three bodies that someone must answer for . How did you and ms . Morse get into the country ? There are no records of you flying into russia . Where were you when s.H.I.E.L.D. Fell ? If you are tourists , where are you staying ? What hotel ? Multiple witnesses saw you pull the trigger . Do you deny this ? Your first victim . Why did you kill him ? I didn 't . So ... You 're saying it was your ex-husband who did this ? No , that 's not what I - - Excellent . Finally , a confession . A very wise choice , ms . Morse . You know that was not a confession . Mr. Hunter can now be handed over to the russians for trial , Which will likely result in his execution . You cannot do that ! Oh , I can , and I will . You give me no other choice . All this time , I was searching for your weakness , When it 's obvious . Your weakness is each other . â ™ ª It 's a lie ! I 've never seen that man before in my life ! You can 't do this ! Get off me ! It 's a lie ! Where 's bobbi ? ! Let me speak to bobbi ! We were just picking mushrooms ! Bob , don 't tell them anything ! They had the inhuman on a gurney , Went through those doors . â ™ ª May : Patrol coming . [ man shouting in russian ] â ™ ª We could just take them out . What part of " low profile " don 't you understand ? It 's bad enough that we have four missing soldiers Out in the woods . [ man speaking russian ] â ™ ª Go , go . [ man shouting in russian ] â ™ ª Hunter : Looks like someone else got here first . The inhuman you saw ? I don 't think so . â ™ ª [ sighs ] this could be a problem . What , you know him ? Yuri krupin . He 's the russian prime minister 's personal attachÃ © . What are the chances he just tripped and fell And wrapped himself in a nice , comfy tarp ? We need to get this to coulson and simmons . â ™ ª [ grunts ] You 're killing me , mack . Look , I 'm not siding with hunter . I 'm just saying , I don 't remember you two taking a little vacation . What ? Not even a honeymoon ? I was in the middle of a mission . I had to get back to johannesburg . Can you cover our tracks ? Yeah , sure , no problem . Oh . Hello , there . Mack : What 's wrong , tremors ? Well , aside from the fact that this thing is ancient , I do not read cyrillic . Yet . Forever the optimist . Come on , daisy . You can hack the pentagon and shake the earth . You 're gonna let a few backwards letters trip you up ? Found malick and petrov . Well , I 'll get eyes and ears on them . Okay , we 'll run back end from here , Pipe it up to the zephyr . Be careful . Wait , wait , hold on . The letter that looks like new hampshire with legs - - That 's " d , " right ? Da . Great . Just think what the United States did For the native american populations . If we hadn 't created the reservations , They would 've been wiped out entirely . Yes , and this is exactly What we wish to propose to the kremlin - - A kind of a ... Reservation for inhumans . [ chuckles ] Uh , let us gather , please . â ™ ª Mr. Malick - - gideon - - on behalf Of the minister of internal affairs And the minister of emergency situations , We all welcome you . [ computer beeps ] we 're up , sir . And we would be very grateful for your assistance Because I 'm afraid our shared vision Of sanctuary for these inhumans is in jeopardy . How so ? The prime minister recently sent his personal attachÃ © , Yuri krupin , to this site . The reason - - to shut down this entire project immediately . The prime minister is against a sanctuary ? Yes . Because his opposition supports it - - Namely , the ministers you see before you . And where is mr . Krupin now ? He ... [ sighs ] He 's dead - - at the hands of general androvich . Minister of defense , former kgb assassin . Fitz : And still at it , apparently . Yeah . At least that mystery 's solved . Malick : The general always did have a temper . W-what - - what set him off this time ? He found , uh , the attachÃ © ' s position on inhumans offensive Because the general himself is an inhuman . It 's the world 's first inhuman politician . Yeah . One who happens to have access to nuclear launch codes . Malick : That does complicate matters , doesn 't it ? We know you have a history with the prime minister , So we were hoping that - - You were hoping that I could help you Smooth over this little incident So that our dream of a sanctuary wouldn 't die here today . Can you help us ? Coulson : The son of a bitch is loving this . He 's got them right in the palm of his hand . Where is the general now ? He 's , uh , on site , in restraints . Must be the inhuman bob and I saw . Malick : I can help you . But not - - not because I 'm a fan of ... Powered individuals working for mother russia . Truth is , this is bigger than any single country 's fate . We are at a tipping point , where humanity ... Is going to make some difficult choices about ... The preservation of our very existence , And these inhumans - - These inhumans are the key to our survival . And we must ally with them , Build a home for them , a sanctuary , Like you 're doing here . But they will need a leader , and unfortunately , For all of us , Your prime minister is not that leader . But I bet malick knows who is . What do you suggest we do ? Well , I - - I think the solution is obvious . I mean , why keep a man in restraints When he can single-handedly eliminate the problem for us ? This isn 't about a sanctuary . It is time that we let the general loose . Malick 's staging a coup . â ™ ª Water . Drink . Please . We know you were not acting alone . And we do not mean your pigheaded ex-husband . Where is he ? There are many intelligence agencies around the world . Some are run by incompetents , but not all . We know s.H.I.E.L.D. Is still there , in the shadows . The only one in the shadows is gideon malick . And you haven 't even mentioned him . I wonder why . Admit that you 're working with s.H.I.E.L.D. , Cooperating with the american government , And perhaps you can spare your ex-husband from a firing squad . This is your choice . â ™ ª [ door opens ] [ door closes ] [ sighs ] We need to get out of here . What are those guards doing ? Complaining , avoiding work , taking selfies . It 's guard duty . Doesn 't seem like an inhuman power , Snapping people 's necks . Anyone can do that . As opposed to melting metal Or burning holes in people 's chests like your ex . You 're right - - anyone can snap a person 's neck . You could 've paired up with mack . Mack I can trust . Oh , but not me . That 's right . I forgot . We 're not friends , are we ? [ sighs ] You know , friends don 't put other people 's lives at risk For selfish reasons . Selfish ? I 'd take a bullet for any one of you - - Not for the s.H.I.E.L.D. Logo on the wall , for you . You were willing to let andrew die to get revenge . That 's not what s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s about . No , s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s all about the mission , Not the person next to you . [ scoffs ] The person next to you was me . S.H.I.E.L.D. Is about sacrifice , Not for you or me but for the greater good . Even over the ones you love ? Yes . Even them . [ sighs ] I don 't know whether I admire you Or feel sad for you or both . Either way ... I am sorry , may , for all of it . Bobbi : Heads up . Malick 's on the move . Where are you , bob ? South end , upper level . I think he 's going to get the general . â ™ ª â ™ ª I lost petrov and malick ! Daisy , little help ? Give me a sec . I 've got a visual on the general . He 's still locked up . I 'm just not sure where . Bobbi : Is malick with him ? No , just a couple of fso agents and two guards . And they 're cutting him loose . We can 't let him leave with malick . Simmons : Zephyr to ground team , we have a cause of death On the prime minister 's attachÃ © , mr . Krupin . All internal signs show he was strangled , With fractures to his larynx and hyoid bone . Oddly , there are no external abrasions , ligature marks , Or hand impressions . Like he wasn 't even touched . Could be a psychic ability at work here . Rather than physical , yeah . Yeah , but if he can snap bones without laying a finger on you , Then the prime minister 's in real danger . â ™ ª Hold on . I 've got eyes on malick . May : The general 's not with him . Just his security detail . What 's malick 's play here ? He sows the seeds of a coup , Then leaves without the assassin . Must be some other angle . Daisy , where 's the general now ? May : You still have eyes on him ? Hold on . I 'm still trying to get bobbi through a door . Converting to unicode , and ... [ reader beeps ] spasibo , daisy ! De nada . Pretty sure that 's not russian . Whatever . Bobbi , hang a right at the next hallway . That should take you to the general . But you better get there quick , 'cause he 's free . Whoa . What the - - Did you see that ? See what ? The hell if I know . Is this feed recording ? Yeah . Let me roll it back . [ keyboard clacking ] [ computer beeping ] Sir ? Sir , we have incoming . Looks like helicopters headed for the compound . They 're not flying in standard military formation . Enhancing satellite imagery . Russian military typically uses mi-8s . That 's not what those are . No , sir . Scans show these are aw139s , four of them . That 's the prime minister 's detail . He 's coming here . Malick isn 't taking the general anywhere Because he doesn 't have to . Open the comms . Everyone listen up . This hit is going down here and now . The russian prime minister is arriving , And there 's an inhuman assassin on the loose . You need to stop him . â ™ ª Stop him how ? We don 't even know what he can do . â ™ ª [ shouting in russian ] Malick 's getting away ! We could grab one of those trucks . May : Coulson , do we pursue ? Prime minister is landing on the north side of the plant . Negative . Forget about malick . But he 's right bloody there ! Protect the prime minister . He 's walking into a trap . You need to get in there now . â ™ ª We have eyes on the prime minister . And he 's not alone . Prime minister , welcome . Is that our general inhuman right there ? It is . â ™ ª Petrov : Thank you so much for meeting us today . Gang 's all here . What 's the plan ? May and hunter , you secure the prime minister . Daisy , bobbi , mack , contain the general . Try to get him outside . We 'll send the containment module down to the south exit . Fitz : Yeah , be careful . He 's an assassin , and we don 't know what his powers are yet . Perhaps we do . Prime minister , this plan , I believe , Is in our federation 's best interests . We 'll need a distraction . I have an idea , but it involves may hitting people . If you could take a moment and look - - My attachÃ © should be here . Where is yuri ? â ™ ª He could not see the error of his ways . So ... You are all traitors , then ? [ clanking ] â ™ ª [ man shouting in russian ] We 're up ! [ shouting continues ] â ™ ª This way , prime minister ! â ™ ª Coulson : Somebody report . Do we have the inhuman a safe distance From the prime minister ? â ™ ª Yeah , bobbi 's got him . â ™ ª I don 't speak russian , but I know a threat when I hear one . â ™ ª [ grunts ] â ™ ª Mack ! He 's out cold . Where the hell did it go ? Where 'd the general go ? Zephyr to ground team - - what 's happening down there ? Sir , we lost the general . He controls his shadow . My powers didn 't faze it . Simmons : It 's not just a shadow . Fitz and I believe the general has the ability To manifest a form of sentient dark force , Able to shift its density at will . Judging by the way he 's elsewhere at the moment , It operates independently of him . Can you just cut to the part where you tell us how we beat it ? Technically , you can 't . Not the answer we were looking for . Coulson : And the prime minister ? Safe for now . Don 't panic , sir , but your life is in - - For mother russia ! As I was saying , don 't panic , sir , but your life is in danger . â ™ ª But if it can go solid , Then we should be able to fight it . Fight it , yes , but you can 't destroy it . The general can always manifest another - - General . We have to - - We have to take out the general . Oh , damn . â ™ ª You ready , sestra ? Da . â ™ ª [ grunts ] â ™ ª How 'd you do that ? Did you see that ? How the hell are we supposed to - - â ™ ª Daisy ! â ™ ª Hunter : Whatever this thing is , it 's here . I 'll get daisy out of here . You go end this . You can barely walk . Barbara - - go . What do I do ? What do I do ? ! Hang on , hunter ! Bob , whatever you 're gonna do , do it now ! â ™ ª Aah ! â ™ ª [ shouting in russian ] â ™ ª Sir , are you okay ? [ man shouting in russian ] Hunter , are you okay ? â ™ ª Hunter , please answer me . You all right , luv ? Better now . I thought ... Yeah , I know . Me , too . I don 't know what frightened me more - - The firing squad or that shadow muppet . We were lucky . [ sighs ] I was lucky . You were good . â ™ ª I bet you could do with a cheeseburger right now , huh ? There 's no cheeseburgers where we 're going . If there 's a way out of this ... I can 't see it . â ™ ª Not where everyone wins . Maybe not everyone should . â ™ ª I don 't believe any of this . These two are obviously working For either your government directly or indirectly , As agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. You know very well , prime minister , There is no s.H.I.E.L.D. It was dismantled . Mr. President , do you think we are all naive ? S.H.I.E.L.D. Is alive and well And working with your government to get ahead of us . Ahead of you ? What are you talking about ? There is a new arms race in our future - - The race for powered individuals . You know this . What I know , dmitri , Is that there was an attempt on your life - - a coup - - And if I were you , I 'd be grateful to the people who intervened . Let 's be frank , matthew . What matters here is only how things appear . And for me , this appears to be a disaster . This incident will go public , And I will have to explain how not one , not two , But three members of my government were murdered . To be fair ... Two of them were trying to kill you ... Sir . Remind me - - who is this man ? Advisor to our atcu . He , uh - - he tracks enhanced threats . Threats like your very own minister of defense , General androvich , Who I believe was trying to assassinate you . So you claim . Mr. President , If you do not wish to escalate hostilities between our nations , You will do what is right . Someone must pay for what happened here . And it will not be me . â ™ ª [ door opens ] [ door closes ] Coulson : Hi . My name is phil coulson . Pleasure to meet you , sir . Like to ask you a few questions , if that 's all right . [ watch beeps ] [ static ] Why can 't we hear them ? What happened to the sound ? We have about 90 seconds . When fitz triggers the emp , You 'll go out that door to your left . There are two guards - - sir , we can 't . Take them out , then head for the ship - - A distraction won 't work here . We can 't risk that . It 'll expose all of you . Once you 're back , we 'll change your identities , Move your families , And unfortunately , you 'll be done in the field - - Sir , I think that we 've proven We 're not built for the lab or for office work . Or prison . [ scoffs ] What other options are there ? Go on trial ? Expose yourselves as members of a terrorist organization ? Because that 's what people think s.H.I.E.L.D. Is . We took an oath - - to be the shield . To protect those in danger . Well , now s.H.I.E.L.D. , this team , is in the cross hairs . And the right thing for us to do is ... Take the bullet . Are you saying what I think you 're saying ? We 've discussed it . It 's time . I 'll have your things sent to you . And frankly , you should be more careful When making your vacation plans next time . We are so sorry , sir . â ™ ª It 's all yours , inspector . Merci . So , you do not work for s.H.I.E.L.D. I do not . Doesn 't exist anymore . And you 're telling me they don 't work For any u.S. Government agency . No . They do not . And they never will . You satisfied , dmitri ? One last thing . I would like to thank you both for your bravery And for the sacrifice you made , giving up your vacation . Whether anyone will ever admit it or not , You saved the prime minister 's life , And , doubly fortunate for him , Managed to wipe out his entire opposition . â ™ ª They 're all dead now , so well-done . Coulson . Wouldn 't you agree , prime minister ? Seems to me they 're free to go . â ™ ª What happened to the extraction plan ? You never gave us the signal . Where are hunter and bobbi ? [ sighs ] they 're not coming back . They 've been disavowed . What 're you talking about ? There were no good options . I had to make a deal . We were lucky president ellis even got interpol to step in . They walk free , but they cannot be agents . So that 's it ? We 're just leaving them ? It was all we could do to keep them from being executed . Relations between the president and prime minister Are already badly strained Because of the growing alien threat . And if they found out s.H.I.E.L.D. Was up and running , Training inhumans as agents ... It would be bad . Like cold war bad . Bobbi and hunter never cracked under questioning , Even to save each other . They did that for s.H.I.E.L.D. They did that for us , and they paid the price . No , they - - They just can 't take the fall . Mack , it was their choice . After everything they 've done , they deserve that choice . Believe me , guys ... I 'm gonna miss them , too . â ™ ª [ rock music plays ] [ indistinct conversations ] What about trinidad and tobago ? Always loved the name , but I once Had a bad run-in there with a nigerian drug dealer , so ... Maybe bora bora ? Think we 'll be followed there ? I don 't know . Think it 'll be a long time Before anybody in the intelligence business trusts us . I 'm afraid they never will , luv . Should get the check . Mm . I didn 't order that . I know . You 've got an admirer . Who ? They asked me not to say . [ music continues ] Oh , it 's jemma . Why doesn 't she ... ? Oh , she can 't , can she . â ™ ª You guys must be popular . â ™ ª Fitz is here . It 's the spy 's goodbye . â ™ ª Pull ! Nice shot , dad . Hey , sweetie . Early start this morning ? Yeah . Russia didn 't go well , did it ? No , things got complicated . Let me guess - - s.H.I.E.L.D. I 'd rather not talk about it . Okay . They don 't know he 's back , do they ? Nah , coulson has no clue . Good . So , when do I get to meet you-know-who ? Not yet . He 's still ... Gathering himself and ... I 'm still trying to figure out what his plans are . Well , I know what they are . He 's gonna change the world . Pull ! Whoa ! [ chuckles ] that 's my girl . [ chuckles ] â ™ ª
