 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... You 're here for Bobbi . She 's the only reason why you call yourself an agent . - Well , that 's no way to treat a friend . - We 're not friends . Malick is supposed to be the last head of Hydra , but I can 't shake this feeling that he 's reporting to someone else . And our guest needs Inhumans . I 'm building an army . Gideon Malick has a stake in almost every country 's economy . He spent a lifetime and a fortune building influence . Uh , these Inhumans are not our enemies . My country is prepared to establish a home for them ... a sanctuary state . There are a few obstacles , but with your influence , we should be able to work them all out . COULSON : Hunter , Bobbi , are you there ? Come in . Over . Sorry . Can 't talk right now , boss . We 're in the belly of the beast . We 'll call you when we land . 3x13 - " Parting Shot " [ Music ] _ [ Chuckles ] [ French accent ] Incroyable . How you are alive , sitting here , is a miracle to me . You 're lucky that your government intervened ... that Interpol was brought in at all . For something as serious at this ? Three highly decorated members of the Russian government , murdered in cold blood , on Russian soil , by former S.H.I.E.L.D. agents . In another time , we would have found you three feet below the ice ... if we found you at all . You must have something to say for yourself . I 'd like a cheeseburger , medium , with cheddar cheese , ketchup , mayo , lettuce , and tomato . And some curly fries . Crispy . Ms. Morse I 'm your only ally here . There 's no one else to help you , nowhere to run . So tell me ... what were you doing in Siberia ? [ Music ] _ _ [ Both breathing heavily ] Malick 's convoy heading our way . Oh , really should stretch before running . Hey , where 's the de ... - I thought I had it . - Ah , being cooped up in a jet isn 't exactly conducive to blood flow . - Where 's the target designator ? - Oh , hold on . I got it . Here you go . Bird to Zephyr , painting target . Do you copy ? Fitz : Copy that , Bird . Target 's lit . We 're tracking now . [ Music ] Okay , it looks like Malick 's convoy 's heading for this decommissioned power plant about 30 kilometers away . Dead in the middle of Nowhereville , Siberia . Yeah , if Malick and his Russian patsy want to build some Inhuman sanctuary , why not build it someplace nice and sunny ? Same reason they don 't put a prison camp in Malibu ... " Not in my backyard . " That 's what the sanctuary really is gonna be , isn 't it ? A prison camp . We 'll see what Bobbi and Hunter find when they get there . Fitz : Zephyr to Bird ... we have Malick 's convoy , can guide you to them , but you 're gonna need some transport . Will that be a problem ? [ Shouting ] [ Gun cocks ] - No , I think we 're good . - Chop-chop . I have to say , I have never encountered someone like you . - Oh , why , thank you . - Someone who has the ability to spout absolute nonsense with such ease . It 's not nonsense . It 's the truth . Bobbi and I were on holiday , picking mushrooms ... In the woods of Siberia in the dead of Winter . Do you know a better place to find the jumbo chaga mushroom ? Because I certainly do not . You were caught with a weapon , standing over a dead man . - An unfortunate circumstance . - Who ordered the assassination ? Assassination ? Are you joking ? You broke in to a top-secret Russian facility . We were accosted in the woods by some ham-fisted ... dare I say , drunken ... soldiers , who dragged us into this entire mess . All we did was try to get out of it . We 're the victims here , mate . You want to know the key to a good mushroom soup ? Dried porcinis . [ Music ] _ Quite pretty , in its own way . Zephyr , we 're in sight , but no visuals on the target . - Can we get thermals ? - Fitz : Yep . We 've got eyes on you , Bird , but we can 't see inside the plant . Internal lining must be blocking thermal or ground-penetrating radar . [ Music ] They 're hiding something . Malick 's SUV is inside , parked in the loading-bay area , along with several military vehicles . Must be their base of operations during construction . They 've wiped out almost 30 square kilometers of forest just to make room for this place . - You wonder why the planet 's dying . - Got that right , mate . You and Jemma watch that documentary I mentioned ? Oh , yes ! The one about the Amazon ? - It ... - And you 'll talk about it later . We need eyes and ears down there . Malick told me point-blank he 's putting together an Inhuman army , so he 's either here to add more soldiers or to set up shop . Copy that . If we 're gonna infiltrate , a surveillance package would help , sir . And guns . Don 't forget those . I 'll send a backup team your way . If we can get to Malick , have we got the green light ? You want to assassinate a former member of the World Council on Russian soil , knowing that if we get caught or our actions are tied to the U.S. government in any way , - that it 'll be considered an act of war . - So ... you 're saying ... ? - P-Pretty sure that 's gonna be a no . - It 's a big no . Find out what Malick 's up to and get back to me . - And keep a low profile . - Bobbi : Copy . Over and out . [ Music ] [ Sighs ] - Hi . - Hi . Kind of nice , isn 't it ? The two of us , alone ... in the woods ... [ Chuckles ] No . Not here , not now . Though I love the way you think . Get your mind out of the gutter , woman . I was just trying to recall the last time we went away together on a proper vacation . Well , let 's see ... - Rio , Caesar Park Hotel . - On a mission . Stakeout . - San Diego . - Visiting your mum doesn 't count . - Florence ? - That wasn 't me . The word you 're looking for is " never . " No , not never . You 're exaggerating . Fine . I 'm exaggerating . This is the job . We have to make certain sacrifices , like free time . Where do you draw the line ? The sacrifices we 've made , the compromises we 've made ... Where 's this coming from ? Carl Creel killed two of our friends , and we go on a mission with him . - To be fair , Talbot brought him in . - And Coulson approved it . Like we made peace with Ward last year to go on a mission , - and he almost killed you . - Ward 's dead . And here we are , chasing a man who may be the last head of Hydra , and our orders are to surveil him ? Why ? So he can come back to haunt us later ? There 's a pattern emerging , and it always ends badly . Oh , forget it . I just need a break . Are you talking about a vacation or something else ? Hold on . We 've got movement . What 's that tech wrapped around his head ? - It 's got to be an Inhuman . - They 're holding him prisoner . Coulson needs to see this . [ Man shouting in Russian ] Well , that 's one way to infiltrate the premises . [ Speaking Russian ] [ Shouting in Russian ] Please , don 't shoot . Oh , my gosh . We are so sorry . We were just looking for the main road . Out for a spot of mushroom picking . Y-Y-You see ? Mush-rooms ? My ... My phone battery died , and we got lost . Do you guys have a map ? _ _ [ Gunshots , grunting ] Duck ! - He was just doing his job . - So was Stalin . _ [ Music ] What 'd he say ? [ Music ] Where 'd you get the hardware ? We ran into some company . Left them tied up in the forest . - Um , are those mushrooms ? - Mm-hmm . For soup . It 's not bad , actually . Picked up some chatter on the radio . Malick and the man he brought with him , Petrov , are gonna have some kind of powwow - with a few Russian Cabinet Ministers . - Cabinet Ministers ? Here ? We think they 're here for the same reason as Malick ... to get their eyes on an Inhuman . Do you think they already have somebody ? We saw a man being carted off inside the compound , - restrained by advanced biotech . - Well , I thought the sanctuary hasn 't even started construction yet . We need to get inside , get surveillance up and running . - How 's everyone 's Russian ? - My pronunciation 's not fluent . - And mine 's nonexistent . - Daisy : I dated a Russian hacker once , - but I only learned the dirty words . - Guys , seriously , we 're spies . I thought we all learned languages . Well , for the record , Lincoln 's at The Cocoon right now , studying all sorts of stuff . Russian is not one of them . Sorry . Think this one 's all on you , Rosetta Stone . But we 'll be in the wings , armed and ready . - Hey , at least you look the part , dear . - He 's not wrong . Bobbi , you 're with Daisy and Mack . Find the security hub and locate Malick . - So that means I stay here alone ? - You 're with me . [ Gun cocks ] Remember our mission protocol . Low profile , in and out , no one gets caught . [ Music ] Okay . I 'm going to ask you some very basic questions - to establish a baseline . - Of course . State your full name for the record . Amadeus Ravenclaw Hunter . [ Music ] - Duval : How long were you married ? - Which time ? Is it true you were with the British SAS ? You start with 4 ounces of dried porcini mushrooms . We have your records . We know you are agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Yes , and S.H.I.E.L.D. was dismantled . Your father was a police officer in Kent . 1 cup of pearl barley , 2 cups sour cream ... - Why did you go to Siberia ? - We were on vacation . You really want to know my secret ? [ Music ] Chicken bouillon . [ Scoffs ] Stall all you want . I will get answers . [ Music ] Duval : When did you divorce Mr. Hunter ? We know you were lying about the soldiers . We have three bodies that someone must answer for . How did you and Ms. Morse get into the country ? There are no records of you flying into Russia . Where were you when S.H.I.E.L.D. fell ? If you are tourists , where are you staying ? What hotel ? Multiple witnesses saw you pull the trigger . Do you deny this ? Your first victim . - Why did you kill him ? - I didn 't . So ... you 're saying it was your ex-husband who did this ? - No , that 's not what I ... - Excellent . Finally , a confession . A very wise choice , Ms. Morse . You know that was not a confession . Mr. Hunter can now be handed over to the Russians for trial , - which will likely result in his execution . - You cannot do that ! Oh , I can , and I will . You give me no other choice . All this time , I was searching for your weakness , when it 's obvious . Your weakness is each other . [ Music ] It 's a lie ! I 've never seen that man before in my life ! You can 't do this ! Get off me ! It 's a lie ! Where 's Bobbi ? ! Let me speak to Bobbi ! We were just picking mushrooms ! Bob , don 't tell them anything ! _ They had the Inhuman on a gurney , went through those doors . [ Music ] May : Patrol coming . [ Man shouting in Russian ] We could just take them out . What part of " low profile " don 't you understand ? It 's bad enough that we have four missing soldiers out in the woods . [ Man speaking Russian ] Go , go . Hunter : Looks like someone else got here first . - The Inhuman you saw ? - I don 't think so . [ Man shouting Russian ] [ Sighs ] This could be a problem . - What , you know him ? - Yuri Krupin . He 's the Russian Prime Minister 's personal attach้ . What are the chances he just tripped and fell and wrapped himself in a nice , comfy tarp ? We need to get this to Coulson and Simmons . [ Grunts ] - You 're killing me , Mack . - Look , I 'm not siding with Hunter . I 'm just saying , I don 't remember you two taking a little vacation . - What ? Not even a honeymoon ? - I was in the middle of a mission . I had to get back to Johannesburg . - Can you cover our tracks ? - Yeah , sure , no problem . Oh . Hello , there . Mack : What 's wrong , Tremors ? Well , aside from the fact that this thing is ancient , I do not read Cyrillic . - Yet . - Forever the optimist . Come on , Daisy . You can hack the Pentagon and shake the Earth . You 're gonna let a few backwards letters trip you up ? - Found Malick and Petrov . - Well , I 'll get eyes and ears on them . Okay , we 'll run back end from here , pipe it up to the Zephyr . Be careful . Wait , wait , hold on . The letter that looks like New Hampshire with legs ... that 's " D , " right ? - Da . - Great . Just think what the United States did for the Native American populations . If we hadn 't created the reservations , - they would 've been wiped out entirely . - Yes , and this is exactly what we wish to propose to the Kremlin ... a kind of a ... reservation for Inhumans . [ Chuckles ] Uh , let us gather , please . [ Music ] Mr. Malick ... Gideon ... on behalf of the Minister of Internal Affairs and the Minister of Emergency Situations , we all welcome you . [ Computer beeps ] We 're up , sir . And we would be very grateful for your assistance because I 'm afraid our shared vision of sanctuary for these Inhumans is in jeopardy . - How so ? - The Prime Minister recently sent his personal attach้ , Yuri Krupin , to this site . The reason ... to shut down this entire project immediately . The Prime Minister is against a sanctuary ? Yes . Because his opposition supports it ... namely , the Ministers you see before you . - And where is Mr. Krupin now ? - He ... [ Sighs ] He 's dead ... at the hands of General Androvich . Minister of Defense , former KGB assassin . - Fitz : And still at it , apparently . - Yeah . At least that mystery 's solved . Malick : The General always did have a temper . W-What ... What set him off this time ? He found , uh , the attach้ 's position on Inhumans offensive because the General himself is an Inhuman . It 's the world 's first Inhuman politician . Yeah . One who happens to have access to nuclear launch codes . Malick : That does complicate matters , doesn 't it ? We know you have a history with the Prime Minister , - so we were hoping that ... - You were hoping that I could help you smooth over this little incident so that our dream of a sanctuary - wouldn 't die here today . - Can you help us ? Coulson : The son of a bitch is loving this . He 's got them right in the palm of his hand . - Where is the General now ? - He 's , uh , on site , in restraints . Must be the Inhuman Bob and I saw . Malick : I can help you . But not ... not because I 'm a fan of ... powered individuals working for Mother Russia . Truth is , this is bigger than any single country 's fate . We are at a tipping point , where humanity ... is going to make some difficult choices about ... the preservation of our very existence , and these Inhumans ... these Inhumans are the key to our survival . And we must ally with them , build a home for them , a sanctuary , like you 're doing here . But they will need a leader , and unfortunately , for all of us , your Prime Minister is not that leader . But I bet Malick knows who is . What do you suggest we do ? Well , I ... I think the solution is obvious . I mean , why keep a man in restraints when he can single-handedly eliminate the problem for us ? This isn 't about a sanctuary . It is time that we let the General loose . Malick 's staging a coup . [ Music ] [ Doors closes ] Water . Drink . Please . We know you were not acting alone . And we do not mean your pigheaded ex-husband . Where is he ? There are many intelligence agencies around the world . Some are run by incompetents , but not all . We know S.H.I.E.L.D. is still there , in the shadows . The only one in the shadows is Gideon Malick . And you haven 't even mentioned him . I wonder why . Admit that you 're working with S.H.I.E.L.D. , cooperating with the American government , and perhaps you can spare your ex-husband from a firing squad . This is your choice . [ Music ] [ Door opens , closes ] _ [ Sighs ] We need to get out of here . What are those guards doing ? Complaining , avoiding work , taking selfies . It 's guard duty . Doesn 't seem like an Inhuman power , snapping people 's necks . Anyone can do that . As opposed to melting metal or burning holes in people 's chests like your ex . You 're right ... anyone can snap a person 's neck . - You could 've paired up with Mack . - Mack I can trust . Oh , but not me . That 's right . I forgot . We 're not friends , are we ? [ Sighs ] You know , friends don 't put other people 's lives at risk - for selfish reasons . - Selfish ? I 'd take a bullet for any one of you ... not for the S.H.I.E.L.D. logo on the wall , for you . You were willing to let Andrew die to get revenge . That 's not what S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s about . No , S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s all about the mission , not the person next to you . [ Scoffs ] The person next to you was me . S.H.I.E.L.D. is about sacrifice , not for you or me but for the greater good . - Even over the ones you love ? - Yes . Even them . [ Sighs ] I don 't know whether I admire you or feel sad for you or both . Either way ... I am sorry , May , for all of it . Bobbi : Heads up . Malick 's on the move . Where are you , Bob ? South end , upper level . I think he 's going to get the General . _ _ _ _ [ Grunts ] I lost Petrov and Malick ! Daisy , little help ? Give me a sec . I 've got a visual on the General . - He 's still locked up . I 'm just not sure where . - Bobbi : Is Malick with him ? No , just a couple of FSO agents and two guards . - And they 're cutting him loose . - We can 't let him leave with Malick . Simmons : Zephyr to ground team , we have a cause of death on the Prime Minister 's attach้ , Mr. Krupin . All internal signs show he was strangled , with fractures to his larynx and hyoid bone . Oddly , there are no external abrasions , ligature marks , - or hand impressions . - Like he wasn 't even touched . - Could be a psychic ability at work here . - Rather than physical , yeah . Yeah , but if he can snap bones without laying a finger on you , then the Prime Minister 's in real danger . Hold on . I 've got eyes on Malick . May : The General 's not with him . Just his security detail . What 's Malick 's play here ? He sows the seeds of a coup , then leaves without the assassin . Must be some other angle . Daisy , where 's the General now ? May : You still have eyes on him ? Hold on . I 'm still trying to get Bobbi through a door . Converting to Unicode , and ... - [ Reader beeps ] Spasibo , Daisy ! - De nada . - Pretty sure that 's not Russian . - Whatever . Bobbi , hang a right at the next hallway . That should take you to the General . But you better get there quick , 'cause he 's free . - Whoa . What the ... Did you see that ? - See what ? The hell if I know . Is this feed recording ? Yeah . Let me roll it back . [ Keyboard clacking ] [ Computer beeping ] Sir ? Sir , we have incoming . Looks like helicopters headed for the compound . They 're not flying in standard military formation . - Enhancing satellite imagery . - Russian military typically uses MI-8s . - That 's not what those are . - No , sir . Scans show these are AW139s , four of them . That 's the Prime Minister 's detail . He 's coming here . Malick isn 't taking the General anywhere because he doesn 't have to . Open the comms . Everyone listen up . This hit is going down here and now . The Russian Prime Minister is arriving , and there 's an Inhuman assassin on the loose . You need to stop him . [ Music ] Stop him how ? We don 't even know what he can do . [ Music ] [ Shouting in Russian ] Malick 's getting away ! We could grab one of those trucks . May : Coulson , do we pursue ? Prime Minister is landing on the north side of the plant . Negative . Forget about Malick . - But he 's right bloody there ! - Protect the Prime Minister . He 's walking into a trap . You need to get in there now . [ Music ] - We have eyes on the Prime Minister . - And he 's not alone . Prime Minister , welcome . Is that our General Inhuman right there ? It is . [ Music ] - Petrov : Thank you so much for meeting us today . - Gang 's all here . What 's the plan ? May and Hunter , you secure the Prime Minister . Daisy , Bobbi , Mack , contain the General . Try to get him outside . We 'll send the containment module down to the South exit . Fitz : Yeah , be careful . He 's an assassin , and we don 't know what his powers are yet . Perhaps we do . Prime Minister , this plan , I believe , is in our Federation 's best interests . We 'll need a distraction . I have an idea , but it involves May hitting people . - If you could take a moment and look ... - My attach้ should be here . Where is Yuri ? [ Music ] He could not see the error of his ways . So ... you are all traitors , then ? [ Clanking ] [ Music ] [ Man shouting in Russian ] We 're up ! [ Shouting continues ] This way , Prime Minister ! _ Coulson : Somebody report . Do we have the Inhuman a safe distance from the Prime Minister ? Yeah , Bobbi 's got him . [ Grunts ] _ I don 't speak Russian , but I know a threat when I hear one . [ Grunts ] [ Music ] He 's out cold . Where the hell did it go ? Where 'd the General go ? Zephyr to ground team ... what 's happening down there ? Sir , we lost the General . He controls his shadow . My powers didn 't faze it . Simmons : It 's not just a shadow . Fitz and I believe the General has the ability to manifest a form of sentient dark force , able to shift its density at will . Judging by the way he 's elsewhere at the moment , it operates independently of him . Can you just cut to the part where you tell us how we beat it ? - Technically , you can 't . - Not the answer we were looking for . Coulson : And the Prime Minister ? Safe for now . Don 't panic , sir , but your life is in ... For Mother Russia ! [ Gunshots ] As I was saying , don 't panic , sir , but your life is in danger . [ Music ] But if it can go solid , then we should be able to fight it . Fight it , yes , but you can 't destroy it . - The General can always manifest another ... - General . We have to take out the General . Oh , damn . [ Music ] - You ready , sestra ? - Da . [ Grunts ] - How 'd you do that ? - Did you see that ? How the hell are we supposed to ... [ Gasps , grunts ] Daisy ! Hunter : Whatever this thing is , it 's here . I 'll get Daisy out of here . You go end this . - You can barely walk . - Barbara ... go . What do I do ? What do I do ? ! Hang on , Hunter ! Bob , whatever you 're gonna do , do it now ! [ Gunshots ] Aah ! [ Shouting in Russian ] _ [ Music ] Sir , are you okay ? [ Man shouting in Russian ] Hunter , are you okay ? [ Grunts ] Hunter , please answer me . - You all right , luv ? - Better now . - I thought ... - Yeah , I know . Me , too . I don 't know what frightened me more ... the firing squad or that shadow muppet . We were lucky . [ Sighs ] I was lucky . You were good . [ Music ] I bet you could do with a cheeseburger right now , huh ? There 's no cheeseburgers where we 're going . If there 's a way out of this ... I can 't see it . Not where everyone wins . Maybe not everyone should . [ Music ] I don 't believe any of this . These two are obviously working for either your government directly or indirectly , as agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. You know very well , Prime Minister , there is no S.H.I.E.L.D. It was dismantled . Mr. President , do you think we are all naive ? S.H.I.E.L.D. is alive and well and working with your government to get ahead of us . Ahead of you ? What are you talking about ? There is a new arms race in our future ... the race for powered individuals . You know this . What I know , Dmitri , is that there was an attempt on your life ... a coup ... and if I were you , I 'd be grateful to the people who intervened . Let 's be frank , Matthew . What matters here is only how things appear . And for me , this appears to be a disaster . This incident will go public , and I will have to explain how not one , not two , but three members of my government were murdered . To be fair ... two of them were trying to kill you ... sir . Remind me ... who is this man ? Advisor to our ATCU . He , uh ... he tracks enhanced threats . Threats like your very own Minister of Defense , General Androvich , who I believe was trying to assassinate you . So you claim . Mr. President , if you do not wish to escalate hostilities between our nations , you will do what is right . Someone must pay for what happened here . And it will not be me . [ Music ] [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Coulson : Hi . My name is Phil Coulson . Pleasure to meet you , sir . Like to ask you a few questions , if that 's all right . [ Watch beeps ] [ Static ] - Why can 't we hear them ? - What happened to the sound ? We have about 90 seconds . When Fitz triggers the EMP , you 'll go out that door to your left . - There are two guards ... - Sir , we can 't . Take them out , then head for the ship ... - A distraction won 't work here . - We can 't risk that . It 'll expose all of you . Once you 're back , we 'll change your identities , move your families , and unfortunately , you 'll be done in the field ... Sir , I think that we 've proven we 're not built for the lab - or for office work . - Or prison . [ Scoffs ] What other options are there ? Go on trial ? Expose yourselves as members of a terrorist organization ? Because that 's what people think S.H.I.E.L.D. is . - We took an oath ... to be the shield . - To protect those in danger . Well , now S.H.I.E.L.D. , this team , is in the cross hairs . And the right thing for us to do is ... take the bullet . [ Music ] Are you saying what I think you 're saying ? We 've discussed it . It 's time . I 'll have your things sent to you . And frankly , you should be more careful when making your vacation plans next time . We are so sorry , sir . - It 's all yours , Inspector . - Merci . So , you do not work for S.H.I.E.L.D. - I do not . - Doesn 't exist anymore . And you 're telling me they don 't work - for any U.S. government agency . - No . They do not . And they never will . You satisfied , Dmitri ? One last thing . I would like to thank you both for your bravery and for the sacrifice you made , giving up your vacation . Whether anyone will ever admit it or not , you saved the Prime Minister 's life , and , doubly fortunate for him , managed to wipe out his entire opposition . [ Music ] They 're all dead now , so well-done . - Coulson ... - Wouldn 't you agree , Prime Minister ? Seems to me they 're free to go . [ Music ] What happened to the extraction plan ? - You never gave us the signal . - Where are Hunter and Bobbi ? [ Sighs ] They 're not coming back . - They 've been disavowed . - What 're you talking about ? There were no good options . I had to make a deal . We were lucky President Ellis even got Interpol to step in . They walk free , but they cannot be agents . So that 's it ? We 're just leaving them ? It was all we could do to keep them from being executed . Relations between the President and Prime Minister are already badly strained because of the growing alien threat . And if they found out S.H.I.E.L.D. was up and running , - training Inhumans as agents ... - It would be bad . Like Cold War bad . Bobbi and Hunter never cracked under questioning , even to save each other . They did that for S.H.I.E.L.D. They did that for us , and they paid the price . No , they ... they just can 't take the fall . Mack , it was their choice . After everything they 've done , they deserve that choice . Believe me , guys ... I 'm gonna miss them , too . [ Music ] [ Rock music plays ] [ Indistinct conversations ] What about Trinidad and Tobago ? Always loved the name , but I once had a bad run-in there with a Nigerian drug dealer , so ... Maybe Bora Bora ? - Ooh . - Think we 'll be followed there ? I don 't know . Think it 'll be a long time before anybody in the intelligence business trusts us . I 'm afraid they never will , luv . - Should get the check . - Mm . - I didn 't order that . - I know . - You 've got an admirer . - Who ? They asked me not to say . [ Music continues ] Oh , it 's Jemma . Why doesn 't she ... ? Oh , she can 't , can she . You guys must be popular . Fitz is here . It 's the Spy 's Goodbye . [ Music ] [ Music continues ] Pull ! [ Gunshot ] Nice shot , Dad . Hey , sweetie . - Early start this morning ? - Yeah . Russia didn 't go well , did it ? - No , things got complicated . - Let me guess ... S.H.I.E.L.D. - I 'd rather not talk about it . - Okay . They don 't know he 's back , do they ? - Nah , Coulson has no clue . - Good . So , when do I get to meet you-know-who ? Not yet . He 's still ... gathering himself and ... I 'm still trying to figure out what his plans are . Well , I know what they are . He 's gonna change the world . Pull ! Whoa ! [ Chuckles ] That 's my girl . [ Chuckles ]
