 1 ) } 2 Years Since KILL la KILL 2 years since " KILL la KILL " ... 2 Years Since { \ cH4B1CD3 } KILL la KILL shocking anime series brought to you by Studio TRIGGER ... New It 's all right . Katsuhira-kun . We 're all bound We 're all bound { \ cH0200AE } by wounds This is the story of girls and boys connected through their wounds . Narration : Junichi Suwabe Everyone wants to connect with someone else . { \ cHFFFFFF } KIZ { \ cH3D00D2 } NA { \ cHFFFFFF } IVER KIZNAIVER " . A very passionate staff and cast bring you a story about youth that you 've never seen before . you are all Kiznaivers . Upclose Interview ! Our program will be reporting everything KIZNAIVER " ! Cast Round-Table And we 'll be getting up close with the cast . We 're not bonded at all ... They 'll talk about what they all think about the show and we 'll be checking out just how deep their bond is . Confirming Their Bond Through { \ cH0F00C1 } Jumping Rope { \ cHFFFFFF } ? Guys ! don 't you ? ! We 'll be showing you the appeal about this series that had been hidden behind a veil . KIZ { \ cH0A00DC } NA { \ cH000000 } VI KIZ { \ cH2607B7 } NA { \ cH000000 } IVER Pre - { \ cHFFFFFF } Broadcast S { \ cH0000E9 } pe { \ cHFFFFFF } cial Our story takes place in a city built on top of reclaimed land Sugomori City . Sugomori City It once was prosperous and well-known as a futuristic city . There was a certain secret in this city connected over the ocean by a draw bridge . This second-year in high school that happens to live in Sugomori City named Agata Katsuhira ... Agata Katsuhira he has a strange body that doesn 't feel any pain . Body { \ cHFFFFFF } That Doesn 't { \ cH0E00C6 } Feel " Pain I 've had a high tolerance for pain ever since I was a kid I just don 't feel pain that much . Huh ? It really doesn 't hurt ? Katsuhira meets a certain girl ... Are you awake ? The Imbecile ( gudon ) . A { \ cH0E00C6 } mysterious { \ cHFFFFFF } girl who doesn 't show { \ cH0E00C6 } emotions A mysterious girl who and seems to see through everything ... Sonozaki Noriko Everyone wants to carve their scars into someone else . Everyone wants to connect with someone else . Sonozaki-san ? This is a celebration . Huh ? Kacchon ! too ? His strange classmates that Sonozaki gathered herself . Sonozaki-san ? What do you mean ? You have all been bound by your wounds which is a bond stronger than anything else . The shocking truth that she reveals ... Sugomori City was an experimental city created for a colossal experiment . And that experiment is known as the Kizuna System . Kizuna System Kizuna System Kizuna System A system where you share { \ cH0D00C4 } " pain " { \ cHFFFFFF } with others Sharing pain with others ... That is the Kizuna System . that pain will be split up evenly with others connected through the System . What was that ? Ow ! What the hell was that ? ! The thing about sharing pain ... Could it be ... In order to find some hint that will lead this battle-ridden world toward peace . Facing challenges with your comrades that have been bound to you by your wounds . Yes you are all Kiznaivers . Bound { \ cHFFFFFF } by their { \ cH1000C9 } wounds Agata Katsuhira This is the story of boys and girls bonded by their wounds . Takashiro Chidori Tenga Hajime Yuta Tsuguhito Maki Honoka Niyama Nico Hisomu Yoshiharu Seven { \ cH000000 } boys and girls And they will have to face numerous missions that Sonozaki gives them . they have no idea that a shocking truth hides in the shadows . The story of boys and girls bonded through their wounds is about to start . Script : Mari Okada who 's sent out countless amounts of hits out into the world . Director : Hiroshi Kobayashi a young powerhouse and this marks his first collaborative title . Agata Katsuhira { \ cHFFFFFF } Yuki Kaji { \ cH000000 } Takashiro Chidori { \ cHFFFFFF } Yuka Terasaki Sonozaki Noriko { \ cHFFFFFF } Hibiku Yamamura { \ cH000000 } Tenga Hajime { \ cHFFFFFF } Tomoaki Maeno what 's going to gather the most attention that will be playing these unique characters . Yuta Tsuguhito { \ cHFFFFFF } Nobunaga Shimazaki { \ cH000000 } Niyama Nico { \ cHFFFFFF } Misaki Kuno Maki Honoka { \ cHFFFFFF } Rina Sato { \ cH000000 } Hisomu Yoshiharu { \ cHFFFFFF } Kotaro Nishiyama Imbecile How will they all act out the very unique and difficult Goody Two-shoes The Musclehead Thug theme applied to every character ? The Cunning Normal High and Mighty Everyone is looking forward to see the performance . Eccentric Headcase Immoral the more the excitement builds up for " KIZNAIVER . we talked to one of the people who put it all together . Producer : Ryosuke Inagaki I really do believe that this is the absolute best timing though I might be biased . I believe we live in a world where a lot of people in this world who believe that the connections they have over the internet are the only kind of connections . even with just the point where they 're being connected by their wounds ... I think that 's something very important that humans need right now . Something very important KIZNAIVER What 's its appeal as an anime series ? The director is concentrating very hard on the layout . It 's completely different from " KILL la KILL . I think what they 're thinking feels very real . Real life like layouts It becomes very difficult key animation-wise when the layout as well and we can 't fool anyone . I believe that the fact that we 're not running away from it makes this different from other shows . that 's also connected to the difficulty of this work Completed animation footage and then there 's how the light hits everything . How the light hits everything the faces are drawn completely but there might not be any light on the face yet their bodies have light on them . We 're trying to portray the fact that he does have a psychological illness so I think can really think deeply about this show as they watch . Completed animation footage too . It fits perfectly with this project . the artists that will be doing the opening theme are the Opening Theme BOOM BOOM SATELLITES . They wrote a very deep piece that matches perfectly . And the ones singing the ending theme is Sangatsu no Phantasia Ending Theme " The Starting Speed Sangatsu no Phantasia who will be making their debut with this song . as well . We had talked about making the lyrics to the ending theme match the show itself ED Theme " The Starting Speed " as written by Mari Okada Mari Okada-san so I don 't think there could have been a better ending . I felt very moved . Original Character Design : Shirow Miwa Character Design : Mai Yoneyama Music : Yuki Hayashi and they 're all using the best of their abilities KIZNAIVER . A story shrouded in mystery we asked for a hint to try to figure out the mystery surrounding this series . How would you describe this show in one word ? Please give us a hint I don 't think I could some it up in one word . That would be the hint for the project . W-Wounds ... Nope ! I can 't . the glamorous cast appears . the cast appears ! They 'll talk about what they all think about the show and we 'll be checking out just how deep their bond is . to commemorate the fact that " KIZNAIVER " starts airing next week 0000 will be talking about the appeal of the show . everyone ! Thank you . and Iam playing the role of Agata Katsuhira . Agata Katsuhira Yuki Kaji Agata Katsuhira It 's very hard . Why 's that ? one of the keywords is " imbecile . yes . " Imbecile . and he doesn 't feel pain so trying to figure out just how much I should act out has been very hard . I 've been trying to make sure I don 't play him too gloomy so the viewers don 't think he 's actually like that . That 's something I 'm always thinking about when I play him . we have Yamamura-san . Yes . Sonozaki Noriko Hibiku Yamamura Sonozaki Noriko She 's just ... too mysterious . Right . it said completely mysterious beautiful girl . " What am I supposed to do ? That 's too little to work off of . Right . The hints themselves were too mysterious . And even until we actually recorded episodes one and two they really didn 't tell me anything . they were finally like Yamamura-san . Right . She 'd be a little hard to play otherwise . she was much easier to play . It felt like my field of view had broadened . She is a character whose position is different from ours so that was probably difficult . Terasaki-san . Yes . Takashiro Chidori Yuka Terasaki Chidori is just easy to read . Takashiro Chidori yes . She 's so easy to read . I 'm a bit jealous that Chidori is able to say everything she is feeling or thinking to the max . So it was very refreshing playing her . Chidori is just cute . she 's insanely popular . She 's really popular with the guys . That makes me happy . starting with the director a lot of people 's ideals are stuffed into the characters . True . as well . All right . Next ... Yes . It appears that the cue card says " Maeda-san . I was panicking because the cue cards have " Maeda " on them . and I play Tenga Hajime . it 's Maeno . Tenga Hajime Tomoaki Maeno Tenga 's been a lot of fun to play . Tenga Hajime His character really sets the mood . He also cares very much for his friends and very passionate . too . He also has a lot of actions . True . He 's got some pro wrestling moves and it 's a lot of fun to add adlibs there . I believe I 've never spent so much energy before this recording . But the more the show progresses doesn 't it ? we don 't know how it 's going to turn out . Yeah . and completely edit me out . Nobunaga-kun . Yes . Yuta Tsuguhito Nobunaga Shimazaki Yuta Tsuguhito that I play is the " Cunning Normal . Yuta Tsuguhito and tries to act normal . That is quite the title . he 's basically the character that everyone loves to hate . Because he 's cool ... How did his introduction go again ? I 'm Yuta-kun . So refreshing . I could have sworn he sounded even more annoying though . Um ... I 'm Yuta-kun . that 's it . That 's exactly it . I 'm pretty sure they didn 't use that one . really ? I guess we won 't know until we see it . not as annoying one . I see . He 'll probably have a huge debut . Rina Sato-san . Yes . Maki Honoka Rina Sato I wonder what it is ... She 's the only one out of them Maki Honoka that can 't talk to others properly . She 's very distant . There seems to be a very thick wall there for this character Right . even though we can 't see it . But I 'm surrounded by all of you recording 's a lot of fun . Right . I have to be gloom ... I will say playing her is indeed fun . I get to say things I 've never said before . Right . It 's almost painful . She does seem a lot of harsh things . She is definitely speaking from above . from above . too . we have Kuno-chan . Niyama Nico Misaki Kuno isn 't she ? Niyama Nico she is . True . she even looks unique . Yes . her actions are also very eccentric . She 's actually got quite a few screws loose ... With her lines and actions ... It 's a lot of fun . fun . Fun . it 's like you 're able to play someone different than yourself . Yes ... Yes ... we have Nishiyama-kun . Yes . Hisomu Yoshiharu Kotaro Nishiyama he 's mysterious ... Hisomu Yoshiharu Right . I guess you can 't talk about him much . he 's a very honest boy . Right . He likes doing things he 's not supposed to do and those actions makes him very happy ... They bring him joy . Nishiyama-kun 's pretty amazing . It 's really hard to talk about Hisomu at this point in time . It 's hard to find the right words . he did a good job . And you 'll see why he said those things about Hisomu after watching a few episodes . You 'll instantly know . And it feels great . Yup . KIZNAVI everyone ? We went along rather fast that 's great . my keyword or episode one is " polka dots . check out episode one with polkadots in mind . please check out " KIZNAIVER " that starts next week ... And cut ! Everyone . this is scary . With the whole main cast being here there 's no way things would end so safely and peacefully ! What 's wrong ? really . What 's wrong ? ! Something seems wrong . It 's almost like you 're being forced to say it ... but in order to further deepen the bonds between us cast members we 're going to have you go through a special mission . Yes ? Yes ? Mission ? And the details are right here ! Have the cast all challenge themselves with a long jump rope What ? damn it ! KIZNAVI One for all ! All for one ! Long jump rope mission ! Yay ... Get through it with the power of your bond ! Long jump rope mission I mean ... You brought this up so suddenly . We 're not ready at all . we 're totally in our normal clothes . look ... Ah ! We 're wearing something else ! We 're totally ready for this ! yeah . That 's all we have . what ? I 'd like to explain the rules . Okay . So the time limit for the missions is 15 minutes . The time limit for the mission is 15 minutes ! You can keep trying as much as you 'd like you will clear the mission . you clear the mission ! nope ... One 's already given up . nope . She keeps saying nope . It 's all right . We can totally do this . nope . And here are some additional rules . Rule explanation notes Everyone will enter the rope one at a time The count will start as soon as everyone is in everyone will have to go through a very painful penalty game If they fail everyone will have to go through a very painful penalty game to share their pain . So you 'll all be drawing what you duties are . Narration : Junichi Suwabe Now they 're drawing to see who will be swinging and who will be jumping . and ... The role drawing that could greatly effect the outcome of this ... So what are the results ? and ... go ! Jumper Swinger I 'm a jumper . Get through it with the power of your bond ! Long jump rope mission Role breakdown chart Jumpers : Kaji Yamamura Shimazaki Kuno Nishiyama Swingers : Terasaki Maeno Recorder : Sato So this is how the cast 's roles have been split . there 's one rather position that catches our attention ... W-Wait a sec . I get jumper and swinger . Yes . What the heck is " recorder " ? What the heck ? What an excellent question . It would be the role that captures everyone 's wonderful expressions on tape . trying to get through this challenge . * The footage taken will be used in some form in the future Recorder The recorder is the person who will be recording the cast 's amazing expressions as they are deeply connected as they try to clear the mission . much like a father at a sports festival Wait ! This is the hardest role ! It 's so loose . It 's a pleasure working with you all . Yeah ... everyone ! Are you ready ? ! O-Oh ... ? Th-They 're floating ! JK ! let 's do this . Mo ! Sato camera footage Thanks ! Are you guys amateurs ? I guess it can 't be helped . We 'll do our best ! or whatever . It 's started ! The countdown 's already started ! Who 's going first ? here we go . Right . Looks like the guys are going first . Keep it up . not bad at all ! And here come the ladies . You can do it ! Kuno-chan . Come on ! Get in . everyone 's in ! It seems to be going very well . it doesn 't go that easily . I think we made it about halfway . so about half that 's about half . Replenishing oxygen wait ... It 's early for that . Guys ! don 't you ? ! Who are you supposed to be ? You 're way too tired . this is hard . Ow ... we need to get up in front . Front ? It 's hard to jump . The wall of fatigue gets in their way . Is the key to clearing the mission in getting it done as soon as possible ? Go up front a bit more ! Go up front ! And it 's done . Crap ... Want some water ? Hurry up and drink the water . it 's been a minute ! hurry up ! Don 't tell us to hurry up ! We 're supposed to be reaffirming our bonds ! Is thei bond already breaking ? Stop making a snake with the rope ! What 's going to happen with the long jump rope mission ? KIZNAIVER long jump rope mission ! I think it 's safe to say ... We 're at the end of our rope . Seriously . Jumping repeatedly like that ... Strategy meeting Narration : Junichi Suwabe they 're having a strategy meeting . Looks like they thought of something . We made up our minds ! We got it ! We 're going to go eat some yakiniku after this . Yay . Or not ... Yeah ! Can we start the count as soon as the first person gets in ? What do you think ? All right . Yay . I guess we don 't have a choice . We 'll grant you that much . Get through it with the power of your bond ! Long jump rope mission Role breakdown chart Jumpers : Kaji Terasaki Maeno Shimazaki Nishiyama Swingers : Yamamura Sato Recorder : Kuno as you can see . I 'm sure you can clear it with this . We 're counting on you . and you 'll make yourself sick . Are you going to be okay ? Are you okay ? Are you okay ? I 'm okay ... Kuno-chan 's going to be a jumper while being a recorder ? Are you sure you 're okay ? Can you do that ? you 're jumping like that ? and ... Kuno Camera Footage Hold up a second ! This isn 't where your shoe is supposed to come off ! You blockheads ! What are you doing ? so take this seriously ! we 're finally getting down to the final minutes . Wh-Wh-What ... Do you have some kind of plan ? I have one . 30 times ... Could we please make it 20 times ? Times 25 ? ! All right ! 25 ! 25 . I guess nothing really matters . Just show us you guys clearing the mission ! Role switch : Recorder : Terasaki Jumper : Kuno Here we go . and ... 6 12 Terasaki Camera Footage 18 I 'm Yuta-kun . I 'm Yuta-kun . I 'm Yuta-kun . I 'm Yuta-kun . I 'm Yuta-kun . 24 . I 'm Yuta-kun . Yay ! Mission Clear They somewhat cleared the mission . We saw how strong your bond was ... we helped you out quite a bit . We did it ! We totally did it . I expected nothing less from all of you KIZNAIVERs . Which character are you right now ? Your character seems very lost right now . So we did clear the mission for the most part but because we weren 't able to meet the original goal of 30 we 're going to have one representative go through the penalty game . Penalty game ? Ta-da ! What is that ? Shocking Electricity Pen The penalty game will be using this shocking electicity pen . This seriously electrocutes you . What ? ! I guess for this ... we 'll go . One of the guys will go . so cool So cool ! They 've decided to choose which hero was going to be doing the penalty game by rock-paper-scissors . Penalty Game Nobunaga Shimazaki I 'm Yuta-kun . Then ... if all of you guys will share this bond with me . we got this . Here I go . and ... I-It tingles ... Does this suffice for a reaction ? It felt pretty plain ... what did you all think ? I thought it was pretty fun . Yes . And we deepened our bonds a bit . Right . KIZNAVER " will be starting next week ! Please check it out . Bye bye ! Please support " KIZNAIVER ! Please ! Please ! I 'm Yuta-kun ! We 're already connected because we 're KIZNAIVERs . We 're bonded by our wounds ! ED Theme Sangatsu no Phantasia " The Starting Speed KIZNAIVER . Boys and girls bound by their wounds ... What conclusion awaits them ? I 've been remembering something a lot lately . Something telling me to " get back my pain . Produced by : KIZNAIVER Production Committee What do you think about the shocking truth that awaits ? KIZNAIVER ! Starts Broadcast Next Week ! Starts broadcast next week ! I don 't think bonds are born that easily ... KIZNAIVER Next Episode Preview That is incorrect . a Bond Can Bloom From the First Day Eye Contact is Made a bond can bloom from the first day eye contact is made . open the sesame to the door of your heart . Oh ... You 're the type of person I shouldn 't get close to ...
