 ¶ ¶ Previously on stitchers ... Cameron ! - Good morning , sunshine . - How are you feeling ? - Doctor said I 'm good to go . - What is going on with you ? Climbing buildings ... Slugging people ? I can 't help it . I died and then I came back . I get a second chance to live my life . You see how she reacted after cameron revived ? I 've never seen her like that . - This is the rev 2 . - How is this suit going to protect me ? - How do you feel ? - Slightly badass . His name was ed clark . Why did he kill himself ? He didn 't and he wasn 't my father . Les turner ordered me to stop looking into ed clark 's murder . This facility is under my authority until a new director is appointed . I smell something . I smell incense again . Whoever killed ed also killed turner . Hey , dad . What 's that smell ? That is sandalwood . When you said " fully furnished " , I pictured one of those little dorm fridges . Maybe a futon . The apartment is completely tricked out With smart appliances . I can turn on any device ... With touch of an app . Lights , washer , dryer , stove-top . I 'm sorry , how much money do you make ? Not much . When you live with your parents for years , The benjies start piling up . ( scoffs ) Can I make you some tea ? - Oh ! Well , actually , that would be- - - no ? Okay . Great ... Wow , now you don 't even have to get off your fat ass to boil water . ( sighs ) Living on my own is going to be great . You just moved out yesterday , but yes , It is a big step . What is this about a big step ? - Aw ! There she is . - Hey ! What are you doing here ? Get out of my way . Camille ! How wonderful to see you . And with my linus . Yes , it is a treat to see you , camille . ( laughs ) We came to see this hovel you left us for . - He doesn 't mean that . - Yes , I do . So you don 't like it ? He likes it . We both do . Does it matter what I like ? You have done it already . Baba , why are you being so- - Ah ! You never answered my question . I heard " big step . " Are you two- - What ? Us ? Here ? Together ? No ! Ah , well , I just thought- - Don 't take it so hard , mom . Certainly don 't take it harder than linus abandoning us . Abandoning you ? I 'm 24 . I can 't live at home forever . I know that , linus . And what I know is that a pain that a mother feels When her child leaves , is real and it is deep . ( cell phone bleeps ) ( car honking ) ¶ take me inside ¶ ¶ take me inside ¶ So , the house you 're living in , The house that you thought was ed 's , Was actually your parents ' house all along . So , I guess when my father left me , Instead of having me go to ed , he had ed move in . You didn 't know that till that memory of you And your dad in the kitchen came back ? ( chuckles ) oh , I love how the brain works ! Okay , but you never answered my question . What do you think my father meant When I heard him in turner 's memory Talking about " moving the asset " ? Hey , give it a rest . I 've seen how you get when you 're obsessed and it 's not pretty . Speaking of pretty- - I 'm not quitting until I find my father . You got to get out of your own way . Okay ? You 're letting your new emotions affect your reasoning . You gotta take a step back , And wait for the " ah-ha ! " moment to come to you . Ah-ha ! Come to me ! Oh , my gosh ! Huh ? How do I look ? Like a trust fund kid with a death wish . ( sputters ) hop on . Pass . Seriously , hop on ! You might actually like it . ( sputtering ) ( chuckles ) Feels good , right ? Okay . Now picture this . You and me , cruising down the highway , all right ? Wind , in our hair . No , but we 'd be wearing helmets . So , no . But seriously , you gotta hold on or you 're fall , okay ? ( mimicking acceleration ) You guys are the hottest couple ever . - Oh ! - Actually , we 're not- - We 're not sure if this is the right bike for us . Right , pumpkin ? Actually , I didn 't even know that shnookums wanted a motorcycle Until he died last week . You did what now ? But lucky for muffin I was there to save him . Mmm . - Why tempt fate , right ? - Yeah . Okay , so I guess this is- - I guess I 'll take it . Hmm . Sold . ( chuckling ) Oh , man ! My first motorcycle . Aren 't you a little young for a mid-life crisis ? Hmm . ( cell phone ringing ) Oh ! Um ... We actually gotta go to work . Is there anyway that we can put this aside for later ? Um ... ( mimicking ) I 'll be back . 'cause arnold said that in terminator 2 ... He rides a motorcycle . Sorry . Power heels ? I have a meeting with our division head , mitchell blair . He was turner 's boss . He 's going to be here today . Turner had a boss ? Can 't imagine him taking orders from anyone . Well , everyone answers to someone . And no , I don 't know what blair wants . Well , I 'd like to meet this guy and ask him about my father . Right now I 'd like us to focus on the case . Where 's camille ? She 's still babysitting fisher . Which I don 't get , 'cause he 's been out of the hospital for a week . Yes , men are such babies when they 're sick or shot . Linus ? Derek steelman , 28 years old . He got hit by a car this morning in downtown la . At one point he was number 3 on the fbi 's most wanted hacker list . Until the fbi caught him posting internal memos From one of the " big five " oil companies . I could only find two photos . Well , he was a hacker . He wouldn 't have wanted a big internet footprint . Instead of prison , the fbi offered him a deal . He turned white hat , started working for some of our off-the-books agencies . N.C.T.C. ? C.T.I.I.C. ? Both : R.E.S.P.E.C.T ? Among others . His job was to prevent cyber-terrorists from breaching our systems . So he could have been killed because of something he found out . Wait ! What is that ? That 's an insulin pump . Derek was wearing at the time of death . Witnesses say derek looked disoriented before he walked into traffic . Was he drunk ? On drugs ? But we can 't wait 48 hours to get his tox screen . If derek was murdered , we need to know how and why . All right , derek 's mind map indicates there are a few speed bumps along memory lane . Might have something to do with getting hit by a car . Okay , what happens if we hit one ? We 'll take a detour . I need a go , no-go for stitch neurosync . Life-sci ? - Go . - Everything just sounds so much better british . - Sub-bio ? - Go . - The big man himself engineering ? - Go . What 's with you ? I 'm just happy because this baller is getting his first motorcycle today . Communications ? Communications is highly impressed by this news . Go . - Medical ? - We are go . And as medical officer I advise against the purchase of a motorcycle . Fantastic ! Comp check , kirsten , one two , one two . Do you hear me as your rider ? Oh , I hear you , baller . Okay , I 'll take that as a go . Induce stitch neurosync on my mark . In three , two , one ... Mark ! Unbelievable . I 'm in derek 's workshop . He 's got enough equipment in here to crack any database he wants . Which , I suspect , is a violation of his parole . I am the only reason you are still alive and I am sick Of cleaning up your messes ! I 'm gonna deal with it my way . You knew this from the start . If you can 't deal with it , then by all means , cut me loose at any time . It 's not that simple , derek and you know that . Then what do you want me to do ? Do as I tell you or you are going to end up dead . She just threatened to kill him if he didn 't do something . - You see a name ? - No . Take me as close as you can to his time of death . I 'm with derek on the street . So far he seems okay . Tell her to watch him closely . See if anyone brushes past him , makes physical contact That could mask a needle prick or a chemical transfer . Kirsten , look for anyone making contact with him . He just got an e-mail . Uh , I can 't see it . Uh ... Hey , just try moving just your consciousness closer to him . What ? I can do that ? Absolutely . Okay , the text reads , " five million sent . Destroy the list . " Stealaglance ? I know that website . It 's where married people go to have affairs . What ? I bought stock . Okay , well maybe derek worked for stealaglance . Or blackmailing them . Wait . Something 's wrong . I 'm seeing double . Heart rate is elevating . He 's checking his insulin pump . Ayo : A sudden overdose of insulin could be fatal . He 's trying to tear it out . Everything is getting dark . Oh , god ! Car ! Make the bounce ! Okay , the car finished him off , But it was really derek 's insulin pump that killed him . Derek 's insulin pump administered a massive overdose . He was suffering from insulin shock . Could it have malfunctioned ? His pump is one of the most reliable on the market . Failure rate of less than .0002 . Here 's what I think might have happened . Derek was blackmailing a billion dollar company , Who turns out to be jacob mcguire , Founder and ceo . Maybe mcguire had derek killed for stealing his client list . Which , if it were ever released , would effectively put stealaglance out of business . But ... How could they trigger derek 's pump ? Could have been hacked . I mean , it 's internet and cellular connected . It 's difficult , but mostly makes sense . But why would they kill him If they know that their client list was still out there in the wild ? I said " mostly " . Then find mcguire and make him make total sense . Wait , hey , I want to meet this blair guy . Yeah , if he was turner 's boss , he must be a total badass . Yes , a badass who is not on time . He 's coming here to meet me . You guys have a job to do . ( grunting ) ( music playing ) You looking good . Feeling weak . Well ... Considering it wasn 't that long ago you were flat on your back , I expected to find you on the couch covered in potato chip dust . Thanks for getting me off my ass in the hospital . Golly , don 't go all weepy on me now , fishy . Don 't worry . You still bug me . What 's happening back at the lab ? Well , you know , nerds ... Techno babble . Pretty much everything as you left it . How 's kirsten holding up ? No leads on daniel stinger , which makes her a little crabby . Which makes me a little crabby . Didn 't know she could do crabby ... Or any other emotion , for that matter . Right . So , tell me about your bag . Come again ? This ? Is this just for exercise ? Or can you actually learn how to ... Hit things by working on it ? And by " you " , of course I mean me . Why are you making that face ? Why do you wanna learn how to hit stuff ? 'cause I wanna know how to protect myself . Come on , you got shot And turner is dead . Here ... Take a couple shots . Just like that ? Oh , that 's fantastic ... If you 're defending yourself against a group of marauding grandmothers . Okay , calm down . Jeez ! Maybe you should just stick to the brain stuff . Maybe you should stick to being a neanderthal . ( chuckles ) All right , well , your form sucks ... But , you hit hard . Story of my life . Put your whole body behind it , all right ? Torque your waist , one punch leads to the other . Like this ... Whoa ! Careful ! Easy , you 're gonna pop a stitch . Yeah ... Yeah , you may be right . You know , with a little training , you 'd kick ass . Wait , really ? Yeah . I could teach you some stuff . Work on your technique . Then you can be a lean , mean snarky machine . Keep talking , string bean . - Hey . - Hi . Camille told me that you don 't have any leads on your father . ( sighing ) nope . Start with what you know . The day and time he left , The cab company . See if their have records to go back that far . Don 't worry . Stinger messed up somewhere . You 'll get him . I know , thanks ! I heard you two were going to talk to mcguire ? Who 's mcguire ? His client list was hacked and he was being blackmailed for five million dollars . Blackmailer got murdered . Sounds like mcguire had motive . What 'd he say ? No , mcguire wouldn 't talk to us without his lawyer present . Kirsten : Wait , we should check his bank records . There 's no way he paid that five million from the company account . He must have used a personal account . We could hack his bank , why not ? And if we had the account numbers we could get in pretty quickly . Or you could find a judge to issue a warrant . ( exclaiming dismissively ) But that would also take time . Guys ! We could do this the legal way , Or we could do it my way . We still have rfid scanners in the lab ? Yeah . I 'll go get my couture . ( sighs ) You know the only thing I hate more than lines ? - No , tell me . - Waiting in them . If you 'd like to cut in front of me , all you have to do is ask . I thought that 's what I just did . I don 't remember seeing you inside . Oh , you just remember everyone in the same restaurant as you ? No . But you , I 'd remember . ( chuckles ) He 's smooth , he 's confident ... He smells like a million bucks . You 're trouble . And you 're beautiful . - ( giggling ) keep talking , killer . - ( device bleeping ) On second thought , I gotta bounce . What about your car ? I don 't own one . Wait , can I get your number ? That 's okay , baby . I 've got yours . So , according to the trip sheets , The taxi dropped my father off At the bradley international terminal the night he left me with ed . You got into their records ? Yeah , I mean they could care less About someone snooping through trip sheets from 15 years ago . Now I just need to figure out what airline my father took and where he was going . Hmm . Ooh ! So , how 'd we do ? Did you get his account numbers ? She 's got brains , she 's got all this . The rfid scanner read the chips on every credit card In his wallet . Digital pickpocketing . What will they think of next ? - That 's amazing . - What a time to be alive , you guys ! Miss baptiste ? I 'm mitchell blair . ( chuckles ) How did you get in here ? Well , I built this place , So I think I know where all the entrances are . Well , next time , you should let me know you 're here . It 'll help me not shoot you . Noted . Noted . Miss baptiste , you are a legend At the agency . And you , mr . Blair , are an unknown . ( chuckles ) Your reputation for plain talks is not for nothing . Congratulations . For ? Effective immediately , you 're promoted to acting director Of the stitchers program . Not sure I want the job . Sure you do . Perhaps if I knew more about turner 's responsibilities I 'd feel better about the decision that 's being made for me . I assume his job involved more than Lurking in the shadows and making cryptic comments . Well , les had his hands in a few other pies , but for now , your purview Is strictly the stitchers program . Out of curiosity , or ... Self preservation , Was les 's purview as head of the stitchers program the reason Daniel stinger killed him ? You 're sneaky . You 're trying to get me to confirm that danny killed turner . Then again , maybe I am the sneaky one For calling stinger- - danny to ... Make you think he and I had a particularly close relationship . What do I have to do to get a straight answer from this agency ? Start by doing your job . - Are we done here ? - I think so . Don 't you ? Enjoy your promotion . Oh , wow ! Whoever is behind this , is crazy good . They ran an I and d scam . Oh , my gosh ! It 's an intercept and divert . They rigged a computer at mcguire 's bank , To direct all of it 's data to a local node It intercepted the transfer , sent a false confirmation that the wire transfer happened , And diverted the funds somewhere else . Probably an off-shore bank account . Is that easy to do ? By a single person ? No . I think we are dealing with a super-posse of black hat experts . I downloaded the connection log from derek 's insulin pump , It was hacked through the cellular connection . Dude , who are these guys ? I don 't know , but I think I found one of them . Lucy woods . I pinged the cell phone towers near the murder site And then traced the signal back . Okay , she 's the one I saw threatening derek in the stitch . You know what we need ? An interrogation room . - Why ? - Because lucy 's got some ' splaining to do . Mmm-mmm . I 'm not answering any more questions until somebody tells me where I am . We told you , you 're in a secure nsa facility . Okay , why do I have to be brought here in a windowless van ? Because it 's a secret , secure nsa facility . Tell us about derek . Specifically , his insulin pump . Derek was so smart on his computer , but ... When it came to ... Real life stuff ? You know , like taking care of himself ? He was an idiot . What do you mean ? He was diabetic , so I had to be on him all the time about that . You know , " take your medicine " , " watch your diet " , I was such a total bitch about it , but I was just scared , you know ? I thought for sure he was gonna end up dead one day . But I never thought that he would get hit by a car instead . I don 't think she killed him . Hey , wait ? Kill derek ? Why would you think that I would kill him ? Someone hacked in and took control of derek 's insulin pump . Their I.P. Address matches yours . I 'm not a hacker . I can 't even figure out how to disable candy crush requests from my grandma . I mean , I print cat photos on t-shirts in a mall kiosk . That was derek 's world , it wasn 't mine . What mall ? Well , I , my friends , am impressed . Someone spoofed lucy 's I.P. Address to infiltrate derek 's pump . So our super-hackers used derek , a convicted hacker , As a front to swipe stealaglance 's client list which were released , Would destroy the company . Super-hackers then blackmail mcguire whom they know would gladly pay five million To save his billion dollar company . And once the money transfers , they ping derek 's pump And deliver a fatal overdose of insulin . Mcguire will never go to the police Because he 'd have to go public about his client list being stolen . And with derek accidentally dead there are no loose ends . Derek was the perfect patsy for the perfect crime . That makes them hacking , framing , black-mailing murderers . A quadruple threat . Whoever these guys are , they 're good . Better than you two ? Both : Don 't be ridiculous . I 've already traced the insulin pump hack to a fixed address In eagle rock . - Let 's go say hi . - All right . Get this back to catgirl . I don 't want anything to do with that . ( music blaring on radio ) Okay , maybe camille got the address wrong . Or maybe camille got the exact address These guys wanted us to have . One that leads us nowhere . Yeah , but why this nowhere ? I don 't know . These guys are out-thinking us , I don 't like to be out-thunk . Whoever they are , they 're really good . Please tell me you 're not fan-girling . Well they 're murderers , so no . ( cell phone ringing ) - Hello ? - You 're not fan-girling ? I would have thought you 'd be more impressed , - Kirsten clark of 986 baxter street . - Who is it ? I 'm your team of hackers . Only there 's no team , It 's just me . No way ! And fyi , not every homicide is a murder . Sometimes it 's justice . Look how cute you two are . Your heads all close . Do you and cameron have a ship name yet ? What does that mean ? Warmer ... Warmer ... Warmer ... Keep going . Hotter ... Bingo ! You pinged our phones to pull our information . Considering you were all-american in high school , And have a 4.59 gpa in your computer science doctoral program , I would have thought you 'd figure that out sooner . Maybe that leave of absence you took is making you rusty . Seeing how you know our names , Why don 't you tell me yours ? Well , that would be cheating , And I hate cheaters . Oh , this isn 't a game . Isn 't it ? Okay , tell me something , Why derek ? There are dozens of hackers you could 've used to blackmail mcguire . Well , that 's my business . You tell me something , why do you care ? That 's my business . I think I like you . Okay , then let 's meet . We 'll talk this out . Ooh , girls ' night ? Sounds fun . Find me , And we 'll chat about whatever you want . Sounds good . I will see you soon . Are you sure you want to do this ? Oh , game on ! Okay . Oh , and kirsten ... Be careful what you wish for . My name is ellie . ( line clicks ) ( music playing ) Please ? Please , just let me do this . My computer , my rules . You don 't like it , There 's the door . Yeah , leave my fishy alone . He 's having fun . Don 't forget to torque your waist . I 'm torquing ! He actually looks like an ape Playing piano . Yeah , come on old man . At the rate you 're trying to log into the lapd system , Even I could hack in faster . Maybe , but then I 'd have to shoot you . - Fair enough . - And , I 'm logged in . Okay , I 'm looking at derek steelman 's file . No connection to anyone named ellie . Anyone with the first name ellie arrested ? Yeah . Only about two hundred in the last five years . Hmm . Well , this was fun . Oh , where are you going ? We 've got seven hours until the refractory period 's up . We 'll stitch back in tomorrow and see if we missed anything . Until then , my new bike is calling . - You 're buying a bicycle ? - Motorcycle ! ( laughing ) - You know how to ride ? - Uh-huh . How hard could it be ? As we bid farewell to the wild one . Yeah , we better not . I can 't believe all of this was done by one person . Ellie left no digital breadcrumbs for us to follow , But she did make one big mistake . - What ? What 's that ? - She spoke to me . Oh , come on . You 're not so bad to talk to anymore . ( laughing sarcastically ) Ellie said that killing derek was not a homicide , it was justice . She also said that she hates cheaters . And she likes games . Okay so , maybe she and derek were competing , He cheated , and that 's why she killed him ? A hacking competition ? Is that even a thing ? Maybe . But why target stealaglance for extortion ? It 's a website entirely devoted to cheating with very deep pockets . - It is the perfect symbolic target . - True . - Hey ! - You know I have a lot of research to do , And if I have to watch you typing away with two fingers again , I 'm literally going to scream . Torque , woman ! Nice ! Oh , god , please tell me that one worked . I 'm sorry . This one was also canceled . And your bank card shows insufficient funds . As in none . But ... How is it possible That all three of my credits cards are- - - You bitch . - Excuse me ? No , sorry not you . A different bitch . I gotta go ! Can I get my cards back , please ? What ? The bank instructed us to cut the cards , But if you got a complaint , I 'm sure there 's a bitch at the bank you can talk to . Okay . ( music playing ) They cut up all your cards ? Even your super-special black one ? Especially the little black one . Ellie hacked my accounts . ( sighs ) I pissed her off and she took it out on you . Look , we will get your credit straightened out tomorrow . In the meantime , I researched every hacking competition around the world , And I pulled up a list of names . Derek or ellie on the list ? I can 't tell . Most of them compete under aliases . But I 'm cross-referencing them now . Wait , wait . How do we know she 's not listening to us right now ? Well , frankly , I hope she is . I 'm coming for you , ellie . Okay , just in case we 're not being paranoid , Let 's try not to make evil hacker lady mad again , huh ? I thought your new policy was not to live in fear ? And I thought your new policy was not to do anything reckless . - Anything new about your dad ? - Unfortunately ... Within three hours of the taxi dropping him off at the terminal , there were 80 flights going to 67 cities in 34 different countries . Over ten thousand passengers , and it seems he used a fake name . - So he could be ... - Anywhere . ( knocking on door ) Wait , someone 's here . Hold on . - Kirsten clark ? - Yes ? We have a warrant for your arrest . On what charge ? Violation of california penal code 647 ( b ) pc . Prostitution . Cameron , I think I have to call you back . Yeah . ( knocking on door ) - Where are they ? - Oh , the cops ? They left . You got ellied . Yes , I did . I got ellied . So why aren 't you in a holding tank downtown , With a dozen ladies named trixie ? ( chuckles ) well ... The arrest warrant disappeared from the lapd server . Ellie didn 't actually want me to get arrested , She just wants to show me how good she is . Oh ! She 's really good . Yeah ! She managed to freeze every bank account I 've ever owned . I 'm poor now . I don 't care for it . ( cell phone bleeps ) What ? Oh , speak of the devil . We were just talking about you . Good things , I hope . Ah , no . Not really . Come on . This is like that star trek episode where kirk and the romulan commander Battle each other but in the end develop a deep , mutual respect . Ah , I have no idea what you 're talking about . - I do . - Fyi , cameron wasn 't being paranoid . I was listening in on your call . And to be honest , for someone who says she 's " coming to get me " , You 're doing a lousy job . I 'm just getting warmed up . Cameron , I know you 're listening in . So sorry about those credit cards . Oh , no , it 's fine . Once kirsten catches you , I 'll just make you into pieces . Any idea when that might be ? I hope not right now , because I have bigger fish to fry . Which is actually an apt analogy . What are you talking about ? Well , it would seem from your frequently dialed list that you 're good friends with Linus ahluwalia . Yes ? I love that smart apartment he just leased . They 're so easy to hack . - What have you done ? - Not much . Just started a gas flow from his stove top And then upped the voltage in his unit . In theory , when he flips the wall switch the power spike Should cause his fancy led lights to blow out and trigger a gas explosion . But , yeah . That 's just a theory . Call linus ! Pick up the phone , come on ! Pick up , pick up , pick up ! Automated voice : We 're sorry . Your call cannot- - She blocked his line . Let 's go ! Let 's go ! ( hissing ) Smart locks . I love this place . No ! ( sighs ) ( groaning ) Do you smell gas ? You startled me . All I 'm saying is that ellie is a hacking ninja And that you and kirsten could learn a few things from her . She 's a murderous psycho , Who , if I 'm remembering this correctly , just tried to kill you ! Yeah ! Wait , why did she try to kill me ? To toy with kirsten . Because you 're expendable . Thanks . Okay . There you are . What took you so long ? Anyone else ever get an idea while in the shower ? Sometimes I get an idea . Yeah , me , too . But not every time I shower . Oh , god , no ! That 's too many ideas . Oh , my god . Continue . ( sighs ) ellie is not just a hacker , she 's like a hacking ninja . - Told you ! - She deleted every online trace of her existence . But the one thing that she couldn 't touch was derek 's memory . Yeah , but we don 't know enough about ellie to find those traces . - She 's a cipher . - Here 's the idea I had . What if stealaglance wasn 't a symbolic target ? What if derek betrayed ellie but felt really badly about it . Like really badly . Where does guilt manifest in the brain ? The lowermost part of the frontal lobe In the ventromedial prefrontal cortex . Okay , so we look in the ventro-whatever For guilt markers . Five bucks says that 's where we 're gonna find ellie . Look at you saying words . Hold on . All of you give me your phones . Ellie 's tracking your movements using them . I 'm not going to risk a repeat of what happened to linus . Analog ? Nice ! - No . - This isn 't up for discussion . Ellie wants to talk to me and right now our only link to her is my phone . And if she uses her connection to you to kill one of us ? Would you be able to live with that ? No . That 's why I won 't let that happen . ( sighing ) Okay , be careful . - What do you see ? - Derek 's wedding . There 's no record of derek ever being married . Who 's the lucky bride ? Kirsten : Hold up . We just took a turn into hot ' n heavy-ville . Derek and his wife are in the bedroom and they 're not sleeping . Whoa . That is not his wife . ( door opens ) Kirsten : Busted ! Derek 's wife just caught him in bed with another woman . You ruined us with some stranger . On a stupid website ? Kirsten : The wife is ellie . She and derek were married and he used stealaglance to cheat on her . I should 've hacked into your computer a long time ago . Cameron : Can you see their address anywhere ? Where are you now ? At their house . Different day . Ellie burned everything that reminded her of derek and left it for him to find . 1477 16th street . Looking ... I 'm bouncing . - Well ? - Well ... According to property records , The house is currently owned by a lorna beliansky . Let me guess , no record of derek or ellie ever living there ? None ! Well , maybe lorna has some answers . Thank you for coming , mrs . Beliansky . Are you sure I don 't need a lawyer ? You 're not in any trouble mrs . Beliansky . Then why did you being me here in a windowless van ? It 's just something we do . Agent goodkin and I are looking for information On the previous owners of your house . Derek and ellie steelman . Gosh , I never met them . ( cell phone vibrating ) - I have to take this . - But ... Hello , ellie . Where did you go with mrs . Beliansky ? You seem to be someplace off the usual cell network . We took her into my secret underground lair . Ooh . I 'd love to see that sometime . I 'll give you the address and you can come over . Walking into a trap is your thing , not mine . The neighbors told me they got divorced , but I 'm not sure if that was before Or after her accident . What accident ? Tell me something . Did you feel better after you murdered derek ? Did killing your husband serve justice ? Ex-husband . No , wait ! I 'm curious , how does someone , Even as good as you , find all that time To plan what you did ? It must have taken weeks , months . Fourteen months . Well , here 's my guess , You had all that time because you have nothing else to do And no-one else to do it with . You 're all alone . That 's why you keep calling me because you want somebody To make you feel like you 're still worth talking to . ( line disconnects ) Okay , so the day ellie broke up with derek , she rolled her car off The side of the pacific coast highway . So three years ago there was a single accident like that . A woman named linda edwards rolled her suv off the side of pch . Linda edwards . L.E. - " ellie . " - yeah . Linus : Ellie can 't be linda edwards . No , she has to be ! But she can 't be . Linda edwards died three years ago in uc santa monica medical center . No , it 's the only thing that makes sense . - What makes sense ? - You should be home , resting . That 's what I tried to tell him . I 'll rest when I 'm dead and buried . Medical records show that linda edwards died From her neck injuries suffered in the accident . So we 're back to nowhere again ? Dude , fisher , you 're a genius . Linda edwards was- - is an expert hacker . I mean , they are hackers are all over the web , buried . They don 't leave an obvious footprint . So what if linda edwards didn 't die But instead stole the hospital records and the identity of someone who did ? I mean , who would know ? Dude , cameron , you 're a genius . I totally missed that . Okay , I 'm cross referencing deaths at uc santa monica medical center With recent bank activity . - How quickly can a quantum computer- - - got it ! That quickly . Three people died at the medical center The same night linda edwards supposedly did . - And bank activity ? - Well ... Of the three people who died , sarah mcgurk sure orders a lot of takeout . It 's linda . It 's gotta be . Okay , she lives in an apartment building just a few blocks away from here . Okay , kirsten , cameron , go with maggie to the building to pick up ellie . Good to have you back , quincy . Camille , pull up everything you can on the building , Floor plans , schematics , access codes . - I 'm on it . - What about me ? You ... Get me a donut and a cup of coffee . Got it ! I 'm back . Uh , that way ! Linda edwards ? Nsa . Open up . What is all of this ? She faked everything except the accident . I saw a medical transport van downstairs . Fisher ! Shut down all of the elevators in the building . On it ! Everybody , please stand back ! Fisher , we 're in position . Release the kraken . Hello , linda . Hello , kirsten . I heard you won 't talk to anyone but me . Why didn 't you tell me you were with the nsa ? I thought you knew everything about me . Apparently not . How did you find me ? You knew things only derek knew . I played the game to win . And you played it for a whole different reason . You let your emotions get in the way of your reasoning . You wanted a friend . I didn 't find a friend , did I ? No . Do you know how many times derek came to the hospital after my accident ? Zero . Nobody came . Every friend I ever had either betrayed me or left . I 'm sorry . But I 'm told you 're going to get the help you need . Ah ! Really now ? How did you beat me ? I cheated . I have access to technology that gave me an advantage . That wasn 't it . You found me because I didn 't really want to disappear . Let 's say I was trying to find someone who did Want to disappear . How would I do that ? Your father ? ( theme music plays ) ¶ take me inside ¶
