 Everybody fudged up ? Beautiful . Let 's get going . Morning guys . Welcome back to space . Also apologies to Chad for leaving him below deck for the universe switch . - Our bad bro . - Hey it 's all good bro . Okay cool . Now let 's kick things off with a little security rundown from our newly rehired second in command . Please be nice . She 's trying . Karen Lipinski . Hi everybody . Sorry about yesterday 's coup attempt . Let 's talk security . By my calculations we 're facing at least six types of serious - existential risks . - Semi-serious , it ain 't no thang . The first risk is the most obvious . Future attacks from whatever it was that came yesterday . We don 't know what it was , where it came from , or how to combat it if it shows up again . The second risk is malnutrition . According to my calculations an all fudge diet will lead to death within a matter of weeks . Won 't happen , but even if it does , what a way to go . According to my calculations it would be dreadful . Okay . Rampant sores , hallucinations , in a last ditch attempt to survive your body would try and start to digest its teeth . Oh God . Excuse us for a second . I think we are pretty heavy on the bad news right now . So maybe just sprinkle in some positive , a spoonful of sugar and such . Based on my fudge research , a spoonful of sugar would be like dropping a dirty bomb in your liver . Maybe a little less dark for the crew , please ? Okay . Thank you . Okay , I understand . - Thanks . - Okay . We 's back , son . Hey , so these other three risk categories are dumb . Possible loss of hull integrity , risk of unknown pathogens . What 's that ? And our collective lack of training . Whatever . Now , who wants to watch a video . Me . I 'd love to watch a video . If you 're watching this video , you entered into a know when fatal predicament . What should you do ? Let 's go over some helpful tips . Part one , cauterizing useless limbs . This standard issue cauterizer cuts through flesh , muscle , and bone . Are you guys done with this fudge ? S01E02 Getting To Know You Hey Tinas . - Oh , hey . - What are you watching ? A montage of gifts that Ted 's given me . I know the music 's sappy but I like it . Yeah , you do , huh ? Anyhoo . I was wondering , if you 've put together like beta schematic of all the nearby systems we talked about , kind of your job . - Yeah , you know , I started to . - You did ? And then I was like , what 's the point ? Our survival . Yeah but , . Yeah . But it is kind of like Karen said , we 're just gonna die anyway . So you , checked the heat panels for asymmetry right ? No , actually I have been writing a goodbye letter to my parents . I think it is sweet that you miss your parents . But , you know there 's no way for us to get messages home so your letter is worthless . Why don 't you take all that energy and channel it into a good solid triple check of those heat panels . 'Kay ? I 'm just saying it might not be the worst thing to go easier on people . Look we are in an alternate dimension Stuart . We 're not going to solve that with a God damn pizza party . At the risk of starting this fight yet again , you have never been to a full fledged pizza party before so you have no idea how transformative they can be . Look it is not my job to keep these people happy , okay ? It is my job to keep them alive . It 's a lot harder to keep people alive if they 're too bummed out to work . Besides , you seem pretty confident of what your job is considering I just had to give it back to you eight hours ago . Oh , yeah . Why don 't I just listen to the guy who 's been captain for a whole 13 hours . There we go . Thank you . I appreciate all the hard work that all of you have been doing . But I thought we should talk . You guys , this is a crazy thing that 's happened to us , and , and we 'll have an easier time if we deal with it together . Mm . I forgot to mention that this meeting features , refreshments . Is that a food generator ? Where did you get that ? In an old half-sealed storage compartment in the holography room that Natasha told me about . Positivity , plus team work equals boom . Stop talking , turkey club please . Coming right up . What the hell is that ? The hydrator function isn 't currently working . But it 's all in there . Hoo . Things are starting to look up , am I right ? Tastes like I 'm eating a rabbit turd . Rabbit turds aren 't chalk full of vitamins and minerals . Oh , yes they are . You know what ? If anyone feeling down , then we 'll be talking for the next hour . It 's up to you . Well , I got some stuff to work through . And , I don 't remember where the engine room is from here . So , yeah . - I 'm in . - Great . - Good times . - Chad . - I 'll stay too . - No you won 't . Cuz I 'm ordering you to do a diagnostics triple check . People around here need to learn to love the triple check . Psst , hey . Hey . Captain . I don 't have free will so could you help me ? Oh , sure . Natasha , I order you to stay here for as long as you like . Apologies First Officer Lipinski . The captain has superseded your order . I 'm forced to remain here . You people do what you want . Michael and I will pick up your slack . Get up . - Really ? - Get up . - Cuz I thought this would be really ... - Get up . Good for me . Oh , I feel bad for Michael . Oh yeah . Where I started out as a hospitality bot on the inaugural Hooters Casino Space Shuttle . And then I got sold to UMP in a package deal along with some elliptical machines . Well we 're here for you . And let us know if there 's anything we can do for you . - I would loved free will . - Yeah , it 's not happening . - No , okay ? - Kent ? I am Kent Woolworth . That 's right , you were the first baby born on Mars . That is not a matter I 'm willing to discuss . Tina ? My name is Tina Shukshin . I 'm from Tachkemkuspikistan . I 'm practically engaged to a wonderful man named Ted . He 's very handsome . You 've probably seen him around . We 're gonna have three children and we 're gonna name them Quinn , Jayden , - and Quaden . - Quaden ? Quaden ? Okay . Well , we have time to work on that . I miss him . So much . What if he could hear you right now ? Oh my god I would say the filthiest . - Really ? Really ? - Yeah . So this is a good time for us to play a little role playing game , okay ? Let 's pretend that I 'm Ted for now . Okay . So so what would you say to me . - Ted . - Yeah ? - You look terrible . - Hm , I don 't deserve this . - Anything ? - No . For the millionth time , no sign of hull compromise . Now can we go back to the meeting ? I 'm extremely sad . You can talk to me Michael . Really ? Cuz ever since we got to this . Nevermind it 's not working . Ugh . Steward always has to get so touchy feely every time something bad happens . It 's like he lives and dies for the approval of other people . Not me . I don 't care if people hate me . Yeah , it shows . Thank you . Oh my god . - Is that good ooze ? - No , it 's not good ooze , you jack ass . Just asking . Life is a series of commas , not periods . Chad I would do anything for you . Wow . Wow . Great stuff . So looks like we 've all talked through our grief , right ? So let 's get back to work . - Great . - Oh wait , I have an idea . Let 's play mafia . - Yes . - Oh . Also , what is mafia ? - There . - I see it . - Oh my , it 's still . - I can see it . Okay , well I 'm just saying there 's a lot of it . Oh my God , it accessed our central system . And by it you mean like a , like ... Keep it together . I 'm keeping it so , we just have to make a , oh my god those are feet now . I don 't think playing games is the best use of our time right now . You said you wanted everyone to cheer up . This is the fastest way to get us , I promise . Is this actual ship weaponry ? OK , so first rule of mafia is mafia rocks . Second rule , you wanna make sure that you kill the killer before the killer kills you . Damn it . Tracks fade out here . I 'm sorry , we 're in the middle of something . It 's called mafia . Can I help you ? Someone in this game 's an alien . There 's a stranger among us , people . That 's impossible . I know everyone here , don 't you ? Perhaps the intruder implanted false memories inside our heads . We were subject to group hallucinations only yesterday . Yesterday . I forgot how we solved that whole problem . That 's right . Chad 's ears . Okay , I didn 't fix it . Be a lot cooler if you did . Will the crew member who 's secretly an alien raise their hand please ? Oh , God . Natasha , can you run a ship 's manifest ? Is everybody supposed to be here ? My access to the manifest seems to be blocked . Was anyone else just woken up by a loud alarm sound . Hey Art , come over here . And you know what , Karen and Michael we are going to need you to join in the circle too . I have never joined a circle and I never will . Tina is right . Well , right is a stretch , she has got a point , splitting up is too dangerous , our safest bet is to stick together . I am going to do a room search . But have fun . Be sure to clear the weapons , so the intruder doesn 't blow a hole through the ship . Let 's at least make this thing break a sweat while it kills us . Jesus , woman , what a drip . Okay , you 're gonna sit in the interrogation chair , and we 're gonna decide if you 're an alien . If we think you are , we throw you into the airlock and blast you into space , ' kay ? Who wants to go first . Michael . In my spare time I like to listen to , music . I like saying the word chocolate but I like eating vanilla . Don 't you find velcro loud ? I do . Oh this fellow is the feeble excuse for a person I 've ever heard of . What ? Yeah , I mean I kind of agree . I mean , no offense Michael , but you 're just like super boring and bland , and generic , in a way that only an alien would make up . Do you know what I mean ? No , I don 't . Okay , votes to kill Michael . Motion failed . You survived , good job buddy . - Ow . - Sorry . I 'm real you guys . Hm , come on . You know I 'm real . You 're doing a whole lot of smiling for someone in this situation . Oh , what ? Yeah , she is , in a strangely good mood . Oh my God you guys , it 's just my RA training kicking in . Behind this , like , assuring , beautiful smile is just a dark cloud of billowing emotional smoke and garbage . I mean , if I even start to , think of Teddy . Can we vote exonerate her just so we don 't have to hear about her boyfriend anymore ? Chad , Chad , Chad , Chad , Chad . Okay , guys . Stop , stop . Chad , just for fun , okay ? Tell us why you 're not an alien . You , me , and the bay at Monterey . Hell yeah ! That was awesome ! Such a good trip , man . Play montage . Nice hardware . Why am I not an alien ? I could be , man . It makes some sense . Wait so , you 're not defending the idea that you 're a person ? Well , I 've never felt that real . Zalian 's people I can vouch for you . No offense , but the word of a robot ? I wasn 't born a robot . This is just a vessel for my brainwaves . My real name is Howard Barnes . Wait , like the Howard Barnes . The inventor of smart pillows ? I love smart pillows . That 's me . You 're welcome for those . Wait but what 's a billionaire inventor doing in a bargain bin body ? I sunk my fortune into immortality robot . Where as a marketing ploy I uploaded my brainwaves into this module and my old body publicly burned . Proof of concept and all of that . Didn 't help a lick . We went out of business . Turns out people wanted elbows . Yeah , that 's literally a believable story . Yeah , I 'm still getting an alien vibe . What if we 're all , The alien . What are you talking about ? Well , we can 't vote until Ken gets back from the bathroom so let 's just hang out . This sucks . Honestly , any of you could be the alien . I 'd kill almost all of you . Wait a minute . I know who it is . The alien is clearly Stewart 's sister . What ? She 's the only one who refused to play . She 's the one who 's desperate to examine our on-board technology . Heck , even her name practically sounds like alien . Karen , alien , Zalian you hear it right ? - Yeah . - You guys , we can 't just name someone an alien because they 're not fun . Yeah , but she 's like really not fun . She has her moments . She has no moments . Oh no , no , no , this isn 't what I need , damn . Kent ? Didn 't you only have a five minute bathroom pass ? - You should probably get back to ... - Natasha . Your programming is isolated from the main computer that 's been compromised by the alien , right ? Yes , why ? Because I need some very specific information from you but you have to keep it secret from the others . You can keep a secret right ? Oh my god . Okay , well then that 's everyone except for Stewart . So , good enough for me . Let 's kill Karen . No , no , no . Michael , Michael , back me up . You 've known Karen your whole life . I thought so , but who knows . I mean wouldn 't our lives make a little more sense without her in there messing us up ? And Chad thinks it 's her . He always knows what 's up . Oh , you can count on it . We need to talk about Kent . - Yeah we do . - We know Kent 's real . His mom is a UNP bigwig . I read about his birth . You read about a birth . Check it out . UNP chairman Helen Woolworth and the red planet welcome a smiling newborn boy on Tuesday . Mars rover , Mars rover , sent baby Derek Frances Woolworth . On over . Wait , Derek 's a different name than Ken . My trip to the bathroom was a thundering success . Can we talk ? Got some questions about your family . Again , I would rather not discuss that . We 're starting to think you 're the intruder . - What do you have to say to that ? - I don 't think I 'm an alien . However , we can 't rule out the possibility that I 've trained myself to forget my alien identity . In the Kent is an alien scenario that we seem to be discussing , I believe I would come as a peaceful creature like a duck or a woman . Although , to play devil 's advocate , why would I be skulking around like this if I wasn 't planning on killing all of you ? You 're really not helping yourself , bud . I 'll kill this guy , no problem . Not yet . We don 't approve . But he 's a weirdo . What kind of proof do we need ? Hm , you don 't understand Just breathe buddy , okay , just breathe . No one 's killing anyone yet . An alien ? Gill . Gill . I found a gill . - Jesus . - That 's all the proof I need . Let 's put Ken in the airlock before he does anything else . Chad . Not you , Chad . Chad , don 't . Chad , please , no , Chad ! No ! Chad ! Ugh , why 'd they use that one ? Back into space , Chad . You , me ? The bay in Monterrey . Monterrey Bay 's been under water for over 30 years . Shut up , alien . Yeah , if it was under water then how come we went there with Chad and had the best night of our lives ? Oh my God . It 's not Kent , it 's Chad . No , wait , what ? Yeah , the logistics of our Monterrey Beach trips are impossible . How can a ship 's computer go on vacation ? - Chad is the alien . - Chad can 't be the alien . Okay ? Chad is awesome . He is fooling you , he is fooling all of you . It 's Karen ? Karen is the alien ! Oh you guys , you guys , my sister can 't be the alien . The key to this game is being able to read people . Exactly . What ? No , no , no , no . You are the alien . We didn 't even get to vote . This is not a god damned democracy . So strong . - What are you doing ? - No , no , no , no . Look at his face . Evil face , evil face . He 's making it again . Question . Who 's captain now ? Might I throw my hat into the ring ? Well by rank , Michael should be captain . Thank you Natasha . Well I think the first order of ... Chad ! Chad . Chad . Chad . Chad . Chad . Chad . What do you say , Chad ? Will you be our captain ? Thank you to the other nominees . Aah ! He just mentioned me . This is crazy . Chad can 't be an alien . Chad from auxiliary deck ? I 'm starting to think we don 't have an auxiliary deck . I 'm sorry sis , I should have listened to you . No , no . If I hadn 't been riding everyone so hard , people would have been willing to listen to me . I mean , you were right , you know , in certain rare situations , feelings do matter . Is anybody going to apologize to me ? First explain the guilt , man . I 've only been a walking talking human for a few months . I spent the first 22 years of my life semi-comatose in a lukewarm chemical bath . My parents birthed me to be an organ farm for my older brother , Derek . Gills were the cheapest way to oxygenate my body . Wow . I was only revived this past spring when Derrick died in a speed race against his coke dealer . They did let me watch movies while I was under . - That 's fun . - That 's good . Mostly old stuff . I don 't know what to say . There 's nothing to say . I am what you would call a loser . No . I 'm not cool like Chad . - Chad ? - You 're better than Chad . Chad , Chad 's ... just an empty vessel of all the things that we collectively think are cool . Yeah . Surfing , relaxation , casual attitude towards safety . Kent , to me , you are cool . And if you 're not cool , then F cool up the A-hole . - Stewart . - Yeah , I said it . Well , thank you . Your words will be a sweet soundtrack as I ... choke to death on the vacuum of space . We 're gonna die . We 're gonna die . Not tonight . You 're not going anywhere , kid . None of us are . Wanna know what 's cooler than being cool ? Breasts , nature 's trump card . Over preparation . Good stuff , sis . Chad still has everybody under his spell . And that guy always says the coolest things . My rule is to break one sweat a day . That 's gold . Fool 's gold . I knew , I knew him from somewhere . Where to captain ? I 've never been there but I am excited to go . We 're not following him anywhere . The new captain here 's a lie . We can 't it . Everything Chad has said since he appeared on this ship has been a direct quotation from legendary actor , philanthropist and naturalist , Matthew McConaughey . Natasha said that the alien accessed the on board computer , clearly it did a search for cool . McConaughey is the first thing that comes up , since then it has just been spouting quotes that it downloaded . You really think I 'd lie to you about something like this ? Ben , Fin , Finnegan , a part played by Mathew McConaughey in Fool 's Gold in 2008 . Let me tell you this . The older you do get , the more rules they 're gonna try to get you to follow . Dazed and Confused , 1993 . Aah ! Africa is probably one of the , the , the most beautiful places I have ever been . McConaughey himself . Oh , Chad . I wish it could have been different too . He 's ripping off an American legend . It 's plagiarism . Plagiarism . Is not cool . Right ? All your love , all your hate , all your memory , all your pain , it was all the same thing . It 's all the same dream . A dream that you had inside a locked room . A dream about being a person , and like a lot of dreams , there 's a monster at the end of it . He got kind of boring once we figured him out . Last chance . Who are you and what do you want ? Okay . Couple of years ago , my uncle Roy got bit on the ass by a dog . Ed . T-V . All right . It 's time to flush him . - Can I do it ? - Hold on . I 'd like to say a few words . I know these are fake memories . They 're still damn good ones . Chad , you were always the man . Whether it be Monterey Bay or Texas High School . You were always down to party . To surf , to have a beer , to , to throw frisbee . Bees , as he called them . All right , all right , all right . All right . Wow . She was an alien , oh , it 's not sad . For the record , the Gil freak an alien too , right ? Art . That 's not nice . Aw , you care about people 's feelings now ? Yeah , I do . And Kent here just saved all your lives , so you might wanna show him a little respect . He 's not different just because he was born to harvest his brother 's organs , or because he 's lived comatose under water for most of his life , or because he has the wrong number of body parts . See , I would think those things would make him really different . Okay , get back to work . Everyone . Come on . Well , that was definitely your version of a pep talk . Thank you . Blushing . Oh , wow . You rule , Stuart . Actually , it was teamwork . It was Karen 's idea to repurpose the hydrater from the spa closet . And Stewart was willing to sacrifice his daily steams . What can I say ? I love you guys . Question , is hydrating food mandatory ? I guess not . Okay , one tepid chicken pill please . Chicken , yum . - Why do I even try ? - Just , just don 't say anything . Don 't . Whoa . You know I was thinking about what you said before . I think I am pretty cool . Yahoo !
