 Previously on the 100 Let the people know they have a new commander You don 't have the flame ontari - No one knows that - He does Is she really in there ? Of course she is . This is yours now , fleimkepa We need to increase the population of the city of light The more minds tend to the task the more powerful Ally becomes And the closer we get to finding the second AI Punch has sentenced Lincoln and Sinclair to death alongside Kane We can save them but we have to work together You are the reason they need saving They 're searching the station We need to go Now I love you - No - Just get her out of here Lincoln of Trikru You have been sentenced to death in accordance with the Exodus charter Any last words ? Not for you Where is Lincoln ? Pike put a bullet in his brain O O , I am so sorry Octavia . That 's enough . Kane , stay out of this You 're dead to me subtitles by mishelka : ) enjoy : ) How long is this gonna be necessary ? Ronan said not to let you out of my sight until he got back We 're on the 15th floor . Where am I gonna go ? Look I understand a real commander wouldn 't be afraid ... I am a real comannder ! You answer it ? So the king doesn 't think you can handle it ha ? I thought you were in charge I am ! Whatever you say Enter ! What is it , emabassador ? She will be there soon Why are you in chains ? It is a good question Where is master Titus ? Titus left To go find the next class initiates Fleimkepa has scouts for that Yes , but ... The last crop the scouts brought back kinda sucks , didn 't it ? It 's better to lie that we 're having a problem than kill Saw your hand go down for your sword So ? So you can 't just go around killing your ambassadors What did he want you to do ? Recitle lineage the names of all past commanders immerse to start a new commander 's reign How 're you gonna do that ? Look maybe I can help you How ? I think much better without a collar Prophets die ... blabla ... [ blaboling something unreasonable ] I 'm not sure what you hope to accomplish by doing this [ further blaboling ] Sensory overload can 't block me out [ blaboling ] I am in you now [ blaboling ] [ music and blaboling ] Will it work ? Of course not [ music playing louder ] [ blaboling continues ] [ blaboling gets louder ] [ people murmuring ] She 's so much strongher then the rest of you Okay , come on Everyone out Now ! You too , Thelonius This doesn 't concern you , Abby Raven is with us now That doesn 't sound creepy at all We took away her pain , Jasper We saved her Just like we can save you Last chance . Before I call the guards , and I have to move you away from my patient 's door [ tired blaboling ] [ loud music continues ] Ah ! [ Sigh ] I 'm back in You 'll come around eventually Not likely Raven , this is pointless Sensory stimulation at the level required to force me out - .. is unsustainable - Leave me alone ! [ knocking ] Jasper ! [ turning the music off ] Come in Come on - Raven what 's wrong ? - I need your help To get this thing out of my head And I think I know how to do it Mom What 's wrong ? Pike knows Smile like I just made a joke You need to go right now Don 't pack Don 't go back to your room They 'll protect you Find your friends Did YOU tell Pike ? Monty you 're my son I won 't lose both of the men that I love I hug you ? This can 't look like goodbye Go I say we run two men patrols round the clock starting now We 'll do that We should be safe here The grounder blockades took close to risk looking for us Yeah , but are we safe from the blockade ? As long as we stay tight of the line , we should be The Grounders You really think they 're gonna play by the rules ? Hey Pike will want you dead now , too We take him out and go home We take him out Then the Grounders left the blockade That 's right We become the 13th clan again Those were the terms Lexa 's terms If what Bellamy says is true and she 's dead we 're gonna be asking hell of a lot of them One problem at a time What about Clarke ? With Lexa gone she 's unsafe in Polis Clarke made a choice The only thing that matters now is killing Pike Octavia 's right Once we resume our place in the commander 's coalition Clarke will be safe So . How do we do it ? Bellamy . Come in . It 's Monty . I 'm in trouble . Please say you still have your radio If you respond then Pike 's listening Go to channel 7 Please say you still have your radio It 's seven words after the word trouble It 's code : " Go to 7 " Bellamy , are you there ? Monty . It 's Kane . What 's wrong ? Pike knows that I helped you get out Can you get to the drop ship ? I think so Good . Go there . I 'll bring you in . Stay off the radio . Hold on . What if it 's a trap and Pike 's waiting ? Over and out . That 's why I 'm going alone Like hell you are I 'm with Octavia Monty saved our lifes . I 'm going too . No , you 're not If it is a trap I 'm not marching our entire team to it To stop me you 're gonna have to kill me She hopes it 's a trap He 's comming too We need a hotage to trade for Monty It 's a good plan He stays chained Gag him - Sir . With all do respect ... - He 's the enemy Do what I said First , Raven refuses to take back our machine And now she 's looking for ways to leave us I 'm telling you Doll spreads like a verse It 's not logical According to the data You 're suggesting I coarse complicity All human behaviour revolves around the avoidance of pain I offer an escape from suffering Logic has nothing to do with it Free will is the problem . I told you , we have to get around it . Why would anyone resist this ? Around it how ? Give Raven back her pain Remind her what life was like without it I 'm suggesting There must we good consent to take the key yours ( ? ) Tools to be used to accomplish our mission Saving the human race by migrating what 's left of it to the City of Light In that way we 're no different to the missles you launghed 200 years ago You had their programming now it 's time to have ours Override free will , starting with Raven 's and let 's finish what we started Did you send the 100 to the ground wearing biometric wirstbands ? Yes , why I 'm telling you , it will work These wristbands were designed to transmit vital signs Electrical signals from the body I designed them . I know how they work . Then you know they have a transponder . All we have to do is reverse it and then we can send an energy pulse into my brain If I 'm right , it will fry whathever Ally put in there without damaging the tissue If you 're wrong ... If I was wrong , Ally wouldn 't be looking at me right now like I just stole her favourite toy She 's here . You can see her ? Yeah Why Raven ? With everything that I can do for you ? Why would you do this ? Because you stole my memories , you crazy bitch ! Are there any wristbands left ? I 'm not sure . We made more than needed . It 's possible there could be a few still hagning around Find them Why ? Whe may have found a way to disconnect Then we 'll have no choice The wristbands . Where are they ? I don 't know - I do - No , no Everything I hear , she hears . Everything I see , she sees . Just .. Just tell him . [ breathing heavily ] We 're gonna fix you , all right ? Tell him to stay - Tell him you changed you min - - NO ! No ! [ breathing heavily ] Then I 'm sorry for this [ screaming ] What 's wrong ? Raven , talk to me . Talk to me You wanted your memories back Were they wrong ? [ screaming ] No : ' ( Her heart 's racing We need to get her in the medical [ screaming like crazy ] Jackson I need your raper stick Raven : No , make it stop Get it now Go get the wristbands Shit What are you waiting for ? Go ! Give her what she wants She 's about to break No ! Noo ! - Make it stop - Jackson ! [ screaming ] No ! I can make it stop . I can lead you back to the City of Light . [ Raven screams ] All you have to do is submit [ screams ] I submit Completely Raven ? Permanently ? [ screams ] YES ! I SUBMIT ! Please PLEASE ! What the hell is wrong with you ? [ screams ] Raven [ talks like Ally ] I have full access to Raven 's synaptic network She 's ours Seek higher things Did you find it ? No , just a corporate motto First commander went into space to seek higher things Get it ? Pch ... You know what ? Never mind . You said it would be here And maybe I was wrong , okay ? And I 'm guessing that to know the names of the dead commanders you have to actually be one You gotta get the flame You 're guessing ? The ambassadors are expecting me I 'll have to kill them all now Seems a bit excessive I deserve this throne I was raised for it Snatched from my parents by the queen of Asgada I suffered her cruelty I won the conclave The ambassadors don 't get to judge me and neither do you ! Okay . You 're right You 're right , we don 't No one doesn 't we can use that What are you talking about ? Rolling easy has gotten you doing everything all wrong . You 're hiding . I 'm not hiding . I 'm waiting for him to return me the fleim . And what if he doesn 't ? The longer we wait the harder it 's gonna be to convice the ambassadors that you 're the real thing We ? I can help you sell this lie Cause like it or not , Ontari , a fake commander needs a fake flamekeeper I 'm listening I 'm gonna need that case , Jasper you can 't have it Get off me ! Get off me ! No ! Jaha , don 't do this ! What are you doing ? Don 't do - No , noo ! Monty ? You got it first No he didn 't Hey , what are you doing ? Get outside ! Now ! He followed me I 'm sorry Let him go Pike ! Can 't do that One at their feet [ gun shot ] It 's over Put down your weapons Shoot him Monty 's in the shot Come on Marcus [ gun shot ] I promised Monty 's mother that I 'll bring him home alive Don 't make me a liar Kane , no Now you What are you doing ? One in the girl 's leg [ Pike whistling ] Hey , you don 't look so good I 'm fine You 've got about 5 seconds to make me believe you 're still with me All the others are in a cave not far from here You son of a bitch ! Give me the coordinates I don 't have the coordinates But I can take you there You 're sure about the route ? We 're getting close to the blockade line It 's why Kane set up out here Didn 't think we 'd risk it Well he was wrong What 's gonna happen to my sister ? I know she has to answer for her crimes Tell you what I 'll make you the same promise I made to Monty 's mother I relieve her from all past actions but if she screws up again Oh , she won 't I 'll make sure of it My sister , my responsibility Welcome back Not you too Abby , it 's a miracle As doctors , it 's our job to relieve suffering - Shouldn 't you be - - What was your mother 's name , Jackson ? Mary Jackson died in her sons arms after suffering a terrible illness Who am I talking to ? It 's Ally , right ? Marry 's death is the reason he became a doctor She 'd take that from you too How is that a miracle ? All you have to do is swallow the key and see for yourself That 's never gonna happen He said you 'd say that I wanna talk to Raven Raven 's in the City of Light - All you have to do to see her - I said no ! Abby You 've stopped this for too long We need you to tell the people it 's safe What we 're doing is too important What you 're doing is stealing people 's minds You 're wrong We 're freeing their minds And we won 't be done until everyone is with us I don 't care if you torture me I will never take the key Who said anything about torture ? What are you doing ? Giving you a choice No no ! No no no no ! No ! Stop ! Stop ! No ! No No Oh God . Oh God . Oh God No no . Oh God . If you wanna save Raven All you have to do is take the key Please , please , if I don 't stop the bleeding , she 's gonna die Body will die but her mind will live forever Please Raven I 'm begging you Let me help her Open you mouth Then we 'll talk it trough I am Alas natbleda Heir to beka prom heda I thrived in a conclave and you are my subjects I am alas natbleda Heir to beka prom heda I thrived in a conclave and you are my [ door slamming ] Commander Master Uzak demanded that he see you Yes But in the throne room Not here In this sacred space This was his idea I beg your pardon , Ontari Say my name again Heda Let me guess You 'd like to hear the lineage - Yes - No - Your reign can not begin until you My reign has already begun I am the last natbleda Heir to beka prom heda I thrived in the conclave and you are my subjects We WILL be your subjects After you recite the lineage Is my flamekeeper correct ? Did you demand to see me ? If you think you can intimidate me Now you see me We talked about restraint You told me not to kill him Next time I 'll be more specific [ some roaring ] Hold on The cave is just on the other side Keep a sharp eye on them [ Grounder 's horn ] The blockade ! Anybody got eyes ? Back to higher ground ! - Drop your weapon - What the hell are you doing ? - Drop your weapon ! We bring you chancelor Pike the skycr - O , translate - You 've killed us all - Take him ! Lift this blockade Octavia . No , no The Grounders are gonna need him alive They didn 't get justice for Finn We won 't get away with that again In that case Where are you taking him ? To the new commander May I join you ? We 're the 13th clan Don 't slow us down Are you sure ? We know nothing about the new commander I 'm sure Go home Tell our people what happened here Tell Abby I 'll look out for Clarke Did you do this for your sister ? Or because it was the right thing to do ? You 're welcome It matters Until you see that you 'll still be lost My mom turned me in We 're family We 'll work it out I 'm tired and hungry No more waitings Bring me wine Oh , no no no no Easy there . I thought it 's not necessary , right ? Put it on him You Leave us Let me know the moment king Roan returns Wanna explain this ? I don 't trust you Hm Well I gotta say I 'm a little hurt by that How about it now ? Now I 'm a little less hurt Wait There 's somebody else Okay ? I 'm-I 'm sorry Is she a commander too ? Nope Would she kill you if you ever lied to her ? Did anything to break her trust or upset her in even the slightest way ? Oh , things I do to survive I took them myself Everything that Thelonius said is true Raven ! Raven , you 're not gonna belie - What they 'd do to you ? They didn 't do anything I 'm sory if I frighened you today I don 't understand . You were just begging us to get that thing out of your head . I was wrong You can finally see for yourself All you have to do is He 's taking Raven Find Jasper Jordan bring him here [ motor whirring ] Oh God It 's not good Sorry we 're going to break that up Raven - Jasper ? - Clarke ? Jasper what 's going on ? Get in ! No , you don 't understand , I need to see Lin - You don 't understand ! Lincoln is dead ! And we 're gonna be too if you get in NOW ! Why are they shooting ? [ motor not strating ] No no no ! What do you mean Lincoln 's dead ? That can 't be ! Suddenly you don 't understand what death means ? But I need him to take me to Luna he 's the only one who knows where SHUT UP ! I don 't care ! Okay ? Maybe you want the engine was dead don 't you ? [ engine started ] Yes ! Mom As soon as Raven wakes And I see her surroundings We 'll find them When we do We 'll find the rest of their friends Good Now that Arkadia has fallen We 'll move on to stage 2
