 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Malick is supposed to be the last head of Hydra , but I can 't shake this feeling that he 's reporting to someone else . Was that Ward ? Unfortunately ... I think that 's something else . My ancestors were taught to believe that if we managed to return you from that godforsaken place that we would be rewarded . It would happen any time Charles touched anyone . He and that person - would both see someone 's death . You 're the head of my security , and you should be by my side at all times . No , I 'm right where I 'm supposed to be . Is he all right ? He sounded ... afraid . Gideon , your father was a true believer . He 'll be sorely missed . Nathaniel and I will do everything we can to continue our father 's work . I 'd expect nothing less from the Malick boys . Gideon , they 're saying it 's time . I already told them no , Nate . We have to go see him . - Like hell we do . We can 't just ignore Daniel Whitehall . He 's an old man in a prison cell . Who is still very powerful . And if he wants us to show ... I don 't give a damn what he wants . Dad never believed in Whitehall 's Hydra , and we 're not gonna start now . We 're staying right here . They 're not asking , Gideon . Sir ? We 're home . You 've been holding out on me . We need to talk . You didn 't tell me he was a looker . I don 't know what I expected , but ... tall and handsome were certainly not at the top of the list . Wait . Who ... Who ... Who are you talking about ? Our guest . A-Are you saying that he 's here ? Why ? I thought you 'd be happy . Just answer the question . He showed up earlier and asked me to gather the inner circle . They 're on their way now . So they 're coming here today . Gideon . So glad you could join us . I 'm honored that you would visit our home . To what do we owe this pleasure ? I felt it was time . Time for what ? To reveal my true self . You said you killed him . I did . Well , you didn 't kill him hard enough . Want to tell me what we 're looking at ? The lab is working on that question . I 'm sorry about Andrew . If you need any ... - I don 't want to talk about that any more than you want to talk about this . You don 't have a lot of kills like that under your belt . - I 've done my fair share . - Not that you enjoyed . I would 've made the same choice . We do what we have to do . I know the company line . Just feel like we 're only fixing problems that we created . Yeah . Plus side ... maybe I 'll get a chance to kill him , too . You got to be kidding me . Ward ? What a pain in the ass . What ? Leaving him for dead on another planet isn 't enough to get rid of that guy ? You 're looking better . Yeah ? 'Cause you 're not . Well , we don 't think he 's a guy anymore . We think Ward 's body was possessed , for lack of a better word , by It , the creature ... From the other planet . And he burned them or something ? Honestly , right now ... - We have no idea . When I was there , It knew everything that Will did , even after he was ... gone . Which means whatever this thing is has Ward 's memories , so why hasn 't It come after us ? Maybe It 's not interested in us . Can 't believe I 'm hearing this . Well , we know It destroyed an entire civilization over there . Who knows what It has planned here ? Tremors , you saw the future , right ? You see anything else ? Anything that might help us out ? Director Coulson would like to see you in his office ... all of you . Malick has given new meaning to the term " Hostile takeover . " What he did at Transia Corp was brutal , even for him . They must have something he needs . If we can figure out what it is ... - It 'll lead us to Ward . - This is not Ward . Sure is creepy like Ward . Ward 's dead . I saw it happen . There 's a lot of overlap between the two companies , but only Transia has a subsidiary dabbling in the agrochemical field . GT Agrochemical . Does what ? GMOs , pesticides , ruining the global food supply . Minutes after the takeover , a paramilitary force took control of that branch , started moving equipment out . Zephyr is wheels up in 20 . The Quinjet will peel off mid-flight . We 're splitting up ? Lincoln and Daisy have a stop to make in the Badlands . There , uh ... There was this Inhuman in Afterlife . He might have answers about whatever is possessing Ward . It 's a long story . I 'll explain on the way . We 're in the dark , but right now , Ward and this thing ... they 're not afraid to take what they want or kill who they want . So what 's our advantage ? They 're not afraid . Dad , what 's going on ? I 've seen something . There was an Inhuman , and when I touched him , I saw a vision of the future . Really ? What did you see ? My death . Feel so much pain . I was being torn apart from the inside . You have to tell our guest . He can help save you . No , honey , no . I felt every cell in my body was being destroyed . My killer ... it was him . Why are we here ? Our dad 's body is barely cold . I felt it was vital we spoke before you upcoming stone ceremony . Your first , yes ? There better be a point to this . You boys are of age now . It 's time you choose a path forward in Hydra . And with your father gone , I believe you should choose mine . And why would we do that , old man ? Gideon , don 't . I 'm a man of science , not religion . Your family 's ancient traditions are nonsense . You don 't know anything about us or our beliefs . No ? A ceremony where grown men draw stones from a bag and one unlucky participant draws a white stone and is sacrificed to a liquid rock . To be chosen as the Traveler is a great honor . An archaic blood sacrifice ... You 're a coward . He was 10 times the man you are . Make no mistake . Your rituals are foolish . But your father ... he was no fool . Answer me this . How do you suppose he survived all those ceremonies ? From what I heard , he was quite gifted with a certain parlor trick . Why leave to fate what you can decide for yourself ? Nice try . We 're done here . There 's a book in your father 's study ... " Paradise Lost . " Take a look . I believe you 'll find it most illuminating . Let 's go . Nathaniel , let 's go . Dad . Dad , are you listening to me ? He 's not going to hurt you . I felt it . I think he 's gonna do it tonight in front of the others . You brought him back . You more than anyone are the reason why he 's even here at all . Look , I know , and I 'm as shocked as you are . But he sent Giyera away , and now he 's gathering the inner circle behind my back . He must have a good reason . Oh , he thinks he no longer needs me . And it makes sense for him to kill me as a show of power to the others . Dad , you 've always been a faithful follower . Why would he ever hurt you ? When Mom died , I wouldn 't get out of bed for a week . Remember ? And you told me to man up . Stephanie ... Malicks don 't wait around . They roll up their sleeves , and they get the job done . Whatever this is ... you can fix it . You remind him how important you are . I 'll have a Scotch waiting when you 're done . Daisy ? Where 'd you go ? Trying to understand how we 've been searching the globe for months and you never bothered to mention another Afterlife Inhuman . Potential Inhuman . He was never given powers . And until we saw Ward 's corpse walking around , I was pretty sure he was crazy town . I wasn 't trying to keep anything from you . So don 't . He 's in South Dakota ? Off the grid . His name 's James . He 's a demolitions expert . Australian . Former mercenary . Few weeks after I got there , Jiaying caught him breaking into her private archives and banished him . What was he doing in there ? Stealing , mostly . He made a big scene , ranting about the second coming of some ancient inhuman who could raise the dead . Well , something tells me he won 't be jumping at the chance to help us . He was pretty bitter , not getting powers . We 'll need to be careful and keep our eyes open . You 're saying these organisms ate these people ? Well , most of them . In a remarkably short space of time . Will believed that one of the other astronauts was burned alive . Maybe it was actually this . There was a graveyard of bones on that planet , right ? And it controls these organisms ? That 's one theory . We do know that they eat living flesh . What if it also uses them to reanimate dead flesh ? Sorry . It 's just ... I still can 't believe this thing is here on Earth . Sir , we 're nearing the agrochem facility , and you were right to head there first . Some of the boxes weren 't carried out . They floated . Giyera . I always loved this place . My brother and I used to play here as kids . Gideon , your daughter impresses me . She 's a true believer . Well , I tried to raise her right , same as my dad raised me . She 'll play a key role in this . Well , I 'm happy to hear it . How fortunate it was for all of us that I was able to find you and bring you home . Trivial thing , daylight till you spend a few centuries in the dark . How much do you remember of those years , of your many hosts ? Do their memories live on in you ? Why ? Is there something you 'd like to ask them ? It 'll all be made clear tonight . Giyera is Malick 's right hand . He 's a trained killer . And torturer , don 't forget . Which is why we need to make sure he doesn 't get away . It won 't be easy . He can control anything in his line of sight . Non-biological objects . Yes , non-biological objects and the like , but he can 't make you hurt yourself . Though he did turn poor Mr. Banks ' gun on him . So I built handprint locks into the grips . The firing pin won 't engage without the designated hand on the trigger . Great . So instead of shooting us , he 'll just bludgeon us to death . Before the ATCU , Giyera spent years in special ops . He 's dangerous without powers . Here . Tell me about this room . I hope you know how to deal with this guy , because I 'm thinking ... crazy town was a pretty spot-on assessment . We 'll be okay , but we shouldn 't use our powers . He 's cranky enough as it is . Lincoln , you S.O.B. Take your little boy-band hipster scruff and piss off . What a sweetheart . Same as he ever was . Come on . Fair warning , pretty boy . You take one more step ... you 're gonna regret it . James , we only want to talk . What is that ? Don 't move . You 're standing on a land mine . I did say " One more step . " Seriously ? What kind of lunatic puts land mines in their front yard ? ! James ! We 're not here to fight . Oh , that 's rich , coming from you . I 've been waiting a long time for this day , for Jiaying to send out one of her little lapdogs to come after me . To be honest , I thought it 'd be that no-eyed boot licker , Gordon . Kind of shocked that she trusted you with anything , really . You really undersold Mr. Personality . Can you hold it down ? Or I 'll blow off my leg . Okay . What are you doing ? Look at you . Girl power . Nice move . Well , I hope you got the message . Okay . - Daisy , wait . Damn it . Damn it . I can 't sleep , either . I 'm trying not to be nervous about the ceremony tomorrow , but ... I had to know . What are you talking about ? " Paradise Lost . " Whitehall was right . Whitehall 's a blowhard . He was trying to mess with us . Dad ... he would swap in this stone during the ceremonies and feel for the notch to make sure he never drew it from the bag . He would never do that . But he did . It 's all right here , Gideon . Dad was afraid to be the Traveler . He was a coward ... and a cheater . Everything he said to us was a lie . Maybe Dad wasn 't who we thought he was , but our family has upheld this faith for centuries . And that is not gonna end with us . We 'll be better men . How ? We do the ceremony the right way and let fate decide . Together to the end . Together to the end . Dad , you okay ? The others are anxious to know why they 're here , and I don 't know if I can keep the secret much longer . Once we begin , there 's no turning back . Whatever happens ... If you were me , I know exactly what you 'd say right now . " It 's time to man up . " My friends , it 's time to begin . I know you 're wondering why we 're here . It 's been a long time , but today , we 're not here for a ceremony , but a celebration . We 've devoted our lives to bringing the Hydra God back from exile , and I know some in this room have doubted that he 'd ever return . You doubted me . Well ... They were wrong . My exile 's over . What is this ? You 're Grant Ward . Yes , I am . But this body is only a vessel , one of many who gave their life so that I could survive . As promised , all of the Travelers , the brave men who sacrificed for me , have finally returned . Thanks to the Malick family . You 'll all get what you deserve . And for those of you still having doubts see and believe . The area 's clear , Director . Scanning the building for Giyera . Most of the lab equipment 's been taken away . Files , too . What hasn 't been taken away has been destroyed . Nope . Nothing sinister about that . No quick moves , tough guy . Hand it over , unless you want to wrestle for it . I can see you 're not afraid of a little scrape . We only need information about that ancient Inhuman you used to talk about and anything you stole before being thrown out of Af ... I 'm sorry . I just can 't get over the irony of this whole situation . Jiaying elected to give you powers ? Oh , Lincoln . Man , you 're a mess . You don 't know what you 're talking ... Makes me wonder what you 've been giving her , huh ? Something a little extra on the side after hours ? What ? Well , the woman 's crazy , but she 's not bad for a senior citizen . We 're not here on her behalf . We 're with S.H.I.E.L.D. S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Even I know ? the band broke up , brother . Why don 't you leave me out of whatever little plan you and Jiaying ... Jiaying 's dead , and Afterlife is a pile of ashes . Well ... hallelujah . You see ? We 're on the same side . So why don 't you tell us what you found ? Why ? I don 't really do things out of the kindness of my own heart . Haven 't really understood that behavior , to be honest . Yeah , that 's why I brought a little incentive . I know all you 've ever wanted is to be like us , so I thought I 'd put that offer on the table . You should 've opened with that . Looks like the data was uploaded off-site before it was wiped . Work with Fitz . See if you can trace where it was sent . And gather what 's left of these experiments for Simmons . Maybe she can figure out what the hell they were working on here . Sir , Giyera 's coming your way . Copy that . Not so fun when we take away your toys , is it ? So we 're doing this the hard way ? I don 't usually like getting my hands dirty , but for you , I 'll make an exception . Don 't bother . Giyera uploaded his data to a set of servers in Schoonebeek . It 's on the Dutch-German border . It 's an abandoned oil field . So Hydra 's in the oil business now ? It 's like they 're not even trying to avoid the bad-guy clichés . Get the coordinates to the cockpit . Damn it . Get out of there right now . Go , go , go , go , go ! We 'll get him to talk . Maybe . If not , let 's hope Daisy and Lincoln come back with something useful . Most of what I stole was junk ... but this was interesting . I give you the alien thingumajig and you give me the crystal . That 's Kree . Looks like you 're the muscles and the brains , huh ? He 's just the haircut . What does it do ? Well , if I could figure that out , I would be doing that instead of this . But from what I can gather , it was snatched up by this ancient that you 're badgering me about ... after the Kree were killed or driven out or whatever . When the Inhumans revolted against them . That was your man that led the charge . They called him Alveus . It was Latin or something . One of the first Inhumans . Original blend . Powerful . Designed by the Kree to command the Inhuman army for them . That idea really bit him in the ass , didn 't it ? Powerful how ? I 'm not sure , but the archive said the Inhumans started to fear him , and they had to band together with regular humans to banish him . Look , those records ... they say that all of us at Afterlife descended from the first group of Inhumans . That was our history . She had no right to keep it from us . She was probably scared someone would try to bring him back . Maybe . Wait . You guys aren 't trying to bring him back , are ya ? Of course not . - Never . Good . Well , this priceless artifact is yours . If you want it , just give me the damn crystal . You lying son of a bitch . See , Jiaying was right about some things . Not everyone deserves powers . And you do ? Now that you got electricity running through your veins , you might actually kill someone . Let 's get out of here . Oh , boyfriend of the year didn 't tell you how his last relationship ended . He nearly murdered the poor girl . But I can see by your face that you 're familiar with that side of him . Daisy , come on . You may think you can change him , sweetheart , but you 're wrong . Men like him don 't change ! Let me pour you that Scotch . Neat , two fingers ? To you , for reminding me what it means to be a Malick . I learned from the best . What do you got there ? Our guest seems to have taken a liking to me . Got me a gift . Token of appreciation ... for standing by his side . I told him it was my pleasure , but ... Very thoughtful . I know that look . It 's been a long day . I may turn in . You 're not still questioning him . No . Not anymore . Goodnight , Dad . Love you . Love you , too . See you in the morning . The Sturnus vulgaris , or European Starling , one of America 's scariest invasive species . They 're just birds . Birds can be scary . Imagine a flock of a million coming to peck your eyes out with their tiny , little beaks . So they were studying birds and bugs ? And all sorts of other invasive species . Yeah , they were genetically engineering plants and animals to resist them . This was their most cutting-edge division . Why would It burn the evidence , then ? Well , either he wanted to use it and was covering his tracks or ... he was afraid of it . Keep looking . Maybe we find a chink in his armor . How close are you to figuring out what he is ? Well , I have a theory , at least . These experiments have me thinking . The organisms we found on the bones ... I don 't think he 's controlling them . I think he is them . He 's a parasite . A parasite that retains the memories of the body he took over . Sounds even worse when you say it like that . Is there something wrong , sir ? You were there . You saw . " We do what we have to do . " That 's your words . Yeah . And that 's what I 've been telling myself . And now you don 't believe that that 's true ? It was true for you . You were left no choice on that planet . You did the right thing , but I crossed the line . Ward deserved to be punished , but no one deserves to have the life s ... No , he did deserve it . He did deserve to have his chest caved in ... no question . That 's not the point . It was payback . That 's not what we do here . Well , what was the alternative ? I mean , letting him live , letting him win ? Don 't you see ? When I killed him , he did . I knew it would come back to haunt me , I just didn 't think it would actually come back to haunt me . You 're gonna tell us everything you know ... about Malick , about your plans , about that thing your brought back through the portal . I should thank you . Without S.H.I.E.L.D. , he never would 've made it home . You 're really drinking the Kool-Aid , aren 't you ? Oh , this leader of yours must be a real charmer . We don 't have leaders . We 're walking towards a common goal . That 's what they tell you when you join a cult , but it 's actually not true . Eventually , you 'll get it . We see such great potential for humanity . Those who are worthy will inherit a better world . And those who aren 't ? We 're nearing Dutch air space . Looks like we 're gonna find out what you and Malick are hiding whether you help us or not . So , you kept it . After all these years . Stephanie , give us a moment . Dad , what is going on ? There 's no reason for her to see this . I invited her here . She deserves to know the truth about her father . You 've had this notched stone since that day at the pond . Together to the end . You knew you 'd never be chosen . Tell me , Gideon ... was this a deliberate betrayal , or was it all just to save your own life ? I loved Nathaniel . So it was just fate that it came down to the two of us . Dad , what is he saying ? Your father is not the brave man he claims to be . I thought we had a deal . I thought ... Let 's go . I thought we had a deal . Nate ? What happened to " Together to the end , " brother ? Oh , I meant every word of that . I wanted you by my side , but I-I didn 't have a choice . Is that what you 've been telling yourself ? I never gave up on you , Nate . I carried on the tradition . I gave up everything so that you could return . You were never willing to give up everything . So all these years ... you just lied to my face ? He was selfish . He gets it from our father . They were both too afraid to make a true sacrifice . Yeah , I 'll die if I have to , but not as a coward . Stephanie , I won 't let you remember me the way I remember my father . Do what you have to . This needs to be made right . But I still need a Malick by my side . Now you understand sacrifice . He said you almost killed your girlfriend . What the hell was he talking about ? Who was she ? Why haven 't you said anything about this before ? Because I never wanted you to see that side of me . I don 't really care what you want right now , Lincoln . You can 't ... You can 't just show me Mr. Perfect all the time and keep all the ugly parts hidden away . That 's not how this works . I need the truth , or whatever we are ends now . Okay . You know how we 've , um , talked about how most Inhumans have this feeling where nothing feels right , just empty ? Yeah , like how I spent my entire life searching for my parents . It 's a classic attempt to fill the void . Well , I tried to fill it with vodka , but I couldn 't control it ... the drinking or my temper . You 've told me this . Not this . My girlfriend thought she could help me to be a better person . We fought about that a lot . I don 't even remember what we were arguing about that night , but the more I drank , the angrier I got . I just wanted to get away , so I got in the car . I don 't know why the hell she got in with me , trying to talk me down . We ended up wrapped around a telephone pole . Oh , my God . She was basically dead . But then Gordon showed up ... said he 'd been watching me . They saved her ... and me . Brought me to Afterlife . And for the first time , I felt like that emptiness ... might be filled one day . I want you to know ... that I would never hurt you . I know . Sorry I didn 't tell you sooner , but I don 't want any more secrets . Yeah . Then , there 's something I ... have to tell you . I got another glimpse ... into the future . And ... I don 't know when ... but someone on our team is gonna die . That 's not good . Giyera 's escaped . Do not let him in here . You can 't stop us . You 're not getting this plane without a fight . We don 't need to fight anymore . Mayday ! Mayday ! What the hell ? ! Thrusters at maximum ! Pull up ! - I c-can 't ! Simmons ? Daisy , come in . Giyera 's taken control of the plane . We need ... May ? May ? May ? Line 's dead . Everyone from our team is on that plane . Not everyone . You put together the Secret Warriors Initiative for a reason . No , Lincoln , what ... what if ... You can 't be afraid of that vision . We both know we got to do something . Let 's call them in . We 'll return in a moment . Good news . Giyera 's captured a S.H.I.E.L.D. airship with several prisoners . We should be on our way . Sacrifice is never easy , but we have balanced the scales today . You have nothing else to fear . Together to the end .
