 ( " maid of orleans " playing ) â ™ ª ( clicking ) â ™ ª if joan of arc â ™ ª â ™ ª had a heart â ™ ª â ™ ª would she give it â ™ ª â ™ ª as a gift â ™ ª â ™ ª to such as me â ™ ª â ™ ª who longs to see â ™ ª â ™ ª how a legend ought to be â ™ ª ( helicopter whirring ) ( page ) intel confirms three targets . Repeat this is a capture mission . Get the guanos and go , copy that . Time to nut up , corn flake . â ™ ª â ™ ª fire for the hills â ™ ª pick up your feet and let 's go â ™ ª â ™ ª oh head for the hills â ™ ª pick up steel on your way â ™ ª â ™ ª and when you find a piece of them in your sight â ™ ª â ™ ª fire at will â ™ ª don 't you waste no time â ™ ª another thought of the unaware â ™ ª â ™ ª addiction in disguise All clear . ( page ) maintain communication and clear your sector , Return to position . Move it out . Watch yourself . ( clicking ) ( clicking ) ( clicking ) I think I saw something . I 'm going down to two . No , we go together . ( regan ) we wait , we could lose them . I 'm going in . ( page ) regan , return to your team at checkpoint alpha . Regan , give me your position . She 's not responding . Always a team player . I 'm going down to get her . Meet me back at alpha . ( roaring ) Page ? Page , are you there ? ( short electrical buzz ) ( short electrical buzz ) ( clicking ) ( radio beep ) Regan , give me your position . Regan , give us your position . We got our dicks flapping in the wind up here . Unh ! ( screeching , clicking ) ( briggs ) we heard shots fired . Page , what 's your position ? ( panting ) Briggs , we 're under attack . I 'm going after regan . Page , say again . Page ! ( clicking ) ( clicking ) ( clicking , fighting ) ( page ) regan ! ( regan ) page ! No ! ( gunshot ) Page . â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm calling for you â ™ ª you are why â ™ ª I 'm still breathing â ™ ª for you ( muffled thumping ) I hear something . Are you sure ? There 's someone downstairs . Maybe it 's your hearing aid acting up . I 'm sure . ( distant thump ) All right , all right , I got it . Go check on emme . Okay . ( rustling ) ( meowing ) Hey ab , did you leave the window open ? No , why ? We got ourselves an intruder . Hey , hey ... ( whistling ) Come on , let 's go . Wait , what are you doing ? Putting him back where he belongs . What ? No . He 's so young and he 's all alone . Abs , he 'll be fine . Shh ... You got enough on your plate . You can 't keep every stray we find . ( floor creaking ) Emme ? Emme ! ( door closes ) How could you say that in front of her ? I didn 't mean her . You need to apologize to her ... Now . Of course . I 'll meet you back upstairs . Okay . We 're not keeping the cat . Emme ... ( knocking on door ) I 'm sorry about what I said . I wasn 't talking about you , I promise . Come on , emme , say something . Shut the door , please . Emme ... ( sighs ) okay . Good night . Preliminary exam confirms These bodies match those previously found . I need full forensics . The more we know about how our team took them out , The safer we 'll be on our next op . And agent page , sir ? We 'll handle his autopsy internally . I 'll notify his loved ones , Cover why we need a closed casket . In case you 're in any doubt as to my opinion , The loss of page is unacceptable . Full disclosure- - Page 's death was completely avoidable . Was our intel bad ? No . She was . It 's a mother lode of information . Coahuila was a calcium carbonate plant Before they shut it down . Drug traffickers use that to cut heroin . It 's actually limestone , sir . No signs of any drugs , sir , But the place was creepy as shit . We found a cage full of rabbits . And whatever the hell that thing is . ( jackson ) what we do know is this- - Coahuila cell was part of A larger terrorist network . The hunter threat is imminent . We need to find a link to their leadership . Stop the hunters before they strike again . ( radio announcer ) after a highly successful operation , That resulted in the shutting down of The largest heroin producing ring in the state , The fbi now finds itself the subject of investigation . The " washington post " is reporting that An internal inquiry was launched today prompted By a number of complaints about A highly decorated key officer involved In that heroin task force . In other news , the royals won over the angels And now have a 1-0 lead in the three game series . ( burton ) agent carroll , this is an official inquiry And you are on record . How 's the counseling going ? It 's not mandatory . No medication for your ptsd ? Doing anything at all to help yourself ? Walking along the beach at sunset . What about dauson 's daughter ? Your partner dies , you take in his kid . Emme 's got nothing to do with this . She 's got issues of her own . That 's gotta be a lot of stress . I said ... It 's got nothing to do with emme . Sir . ( piano playing ) ( abby ) my favorite piece . We 'll start on it next week . Thanks , abby . ( lock latches ) ( jules ) three cell phones seized in the raid . Each received the same photo an hour before the raid . Encryption ? Yeah , top notch . Rsa 4096 . I ran it through the nsa 's quantum . They just upgraded to eight kilocubics , greedy bastards . I don 't know what that means . It means I got this- - Abby carroll , 32 . Piano teacher . ( beeping ) ( line ringing ) ( flynn , recording ) this is agent carroll , leave a message . Babe , it 's me . Don 't forget the wine . And don 't be late . 8 : 30 . ( meows ) It 's okay , I 'm right here . ( purring ) ( light tapping ) Hello ? Who 's there ? They say that music is the strangest form of magic . You know who said that ? Marilyn manson . I saw him at the bowery in new york last summer . Say what you will about the guy 's music , He 's one hell of a showman . Wanna hear my magic , abby ? Please , don 't hurt me . On the contrary , I am here to help you . What about these , huh ? What about these sonic crutches ? We don 't need ' em , do we , abby ? Unh-unh-unh-unh - unh-unh . Huh ? We 'll just ... Turn it up . No ! No ! â ™ ª Please , no . ( sharp whirring ) ( screaming ) Hey , babe , sorry I 'm late . Traffic was crazy . I got the wine- - hey , where 's abby ? She 's not here . What ? She 's not upstairs . That 's weird . Her car 's in the driveway . We got that potluck . ( phone ringing ) ( line ringing ) I need to report a missing person . Yeah , it 's been 48 hours . I appreciate that . I 'm sure she will too . Thanks . I , uh , saved you some anchovy . Are you okay ? Yeah , not even close . We 're gonna find her . ( emme ) I need to practice . Abby gave me a new piece of music . I want it to be good when she comes home . Externally , the subject presents as a human male , Approximately 30 years of age . But as with previous hunter specimens , The similarity to humans ends here . As observed in previous subjects , There is an outer layer of human integumentary And vascular system , including blood and skin . The ribcage is cross-braced , with two resident chambers Below the ribs in place of lungs . ( saw whirring ) The heart is held in place by tendons Thicker than those found in humans , Possibly the result of evolution In a stronger gravitational environment . My god . This subject sustained severe injury From a gunshot to the face . But it didn 't kill him ? No . Uh , a sonic blast to the cranial region was the cause of death . We 're lucky we only lost one man . ( trainer ) move your feet , come on , move your feet ! Keep your hands high . Higher , that 's good . That 's it , that 's it . ( grunting throughout ) ( door opens ) ( abby ) flynn ? I 'm home . ( flynn ) abby ? Where 've you been ? I 've been worried sick . ( abby chuckling ) ( gunshots , shouting ) ( clicking ) ( gasping ) ( panting ) Hey . Emme ! Emme ? There you are . You scared the hell out of me . So you do care . I thought you only wanted me for my ritalin . ( shaking bottle ) A policeman came to the house today . And he asked me a lot of questions about you and abby . Like what ? Like , if you guys fight a lot . If you 've ever hurt her , things like that . It was like he thought you did something to abby . What do you think ? I think he was an asshole . It 's true . You would never hurt abby . I mean , if you wanted someone gone , it would be me . I need to ask you something . And you need to tell me the truth . ( purring ) Is there anything that she was doing That I didn 't know about ? Anything ? Last Friday , abby was late when she picked up me at school . She said she went to a music store in dundalk , But when we got in the car I saw this . That 's , like , in the total opposite direction . ( gps ) arrive at 1445 quaker ridge road in 45 minutes . ( jackson ) abby carroll . Reported missing less than 24 hours After her picture was sent to the coahuila cell . Could be a sleeper agent . Or an innocent civilian . Whoever she is , she 's also married to an fbi agent . Flynn carroll . Did two tours of afghanistan before joining the bureau . Spent some time with jttf , mostly narcotics . Undercover of late . He 's being investigated internally For questionable behavior . A fed . He 's gonna be sticking his nose in our business . Well , we won 't let that happen , will we ? ( school bell ringing , chatter ) ( playing stops ) ( playing resumes ) ( plays discordant notes , groans ) ( breathing heavily ) ( door opens ) We have a lead on the carroll surveillance . Could be another cell . ( emme ) but when we got in the car , I saw this . ( gps ) arrive at 1445 quaker ridge road in 45 minutes . All right , pull the thread , see where it leads . Eyes only , 1445 quaker ridge road . â ™ ª ( music continues in the distance ) â ™ ª ( cell phone vibrating ) Yeah ? Mr. Carroll ? This is principal sherman . I 'm afraid emme has had another ... Incident . How bad is it ? She 'll be fine , but ... Coupled with her spectrum disorder , I 'm afraid self-harming is not something That we 're equipped for here . We need to look at another option . I 'll be there as soon as I can . ( music continues in the distance ) â ™ ª to such as me â ™ ª â ™ ª who longs to see â ™ ª â ™ ª how a legend â ™ ª â ™ ª ought to be â ™ ª ( regan ) pretty boy 's going in . Jackson said eyes only . â ™ ª â ™ ª had dreams to give â ™ ª â ™ ª her heart away â ™ ª â ™ ª like an orphan â ™ ª â ™ ª along the way â ™ ª â ™ ª she cared so much â ™ ª â ™ ª she offered- - â ™ ª ( music stops ) ( distant door closes ) ( clicking ) ( clicking ) Fbi . Turn around ! Put your hands where I can see ' em ! Turn around ! Aah ! ( gasping ) ( groans ) be quiet . As quiet as a church mouse . Abby- - where is she ? ( gasps ) She 's gone , and you 'll never see her again . You took my wife , asshole . ( gasps ) My , my , my , such strong language . ( gasping ) ( footsteps above ) ( grunting ) ( briggs ) I 've got him . Get in the car ! Go ! ( flynn gasping ) ( grunting ) ( clicking ) ( grunts ) Who are you ? Agent briggs . We 're on the same side . I 'm looking for your wife . ( grunts ) bullshit ! Don 't believe me ? Ask my boss . He 's very keen to meet you . ( grunting ) ( car door opens ) Agent carroll . I 'll be handling your debriefing . Okay . Who the fu- - are you people ? Agents regan and briggs work for me . My name 's truss jackson . I 'm commander of joint task force wotan . Though , we prefer to call ourselves The exo-terrorism unit- - E.T.U. I worked in counterterrorism . I never heard of any exo-terrorism unit . The e.T.U. Deals with the kinds of terrorists Other agencies aren 't equipped to handle . Like the ones we believe are responsible For the disappearance of your wife . You think terrorists kidnapped my wife ? She 's a piano teacher . How did you find that farmhouse ? By reading a fortune cookie . Did you see the men inside ? Could you identify the suspects Inside the farmhouse ? I couldn 't make ' em in a lineup , But I got a glimpse . One guy had dreads . The other two looked like burn victims . Who are they ? It 's classified . Yeah . Tell me what they have to do with my wife . I 'm not at liberty to say . Hey . Do those bastards have my wife ? Go home . Get some rest . We 'll talk some more later . So ? Emme , I 'm sorry I couldn 't pick you up . Principal sherman brought me home . She 's not as much of a bitch as I thought she was . What happened ? A girl asked why I wasn 't crying about abby . And I don 't know . So I hurt myself . There 's a therapeutic boarding school- - Boarding school ? Therapeutic boarding school . Abby and I were looking into it after your last incident . Emme , I 'm sorry . Now that abby 's gone , you 're getting rid of me Just like you always wanted . That isn 't true . You promised my dad . He was your partner . You promised him . You 're a liar . I know . Liar ! Liar ! No . ( screaming ) liar ! Liar ! Liar ! Emme , no , no , no , no , no . Hey , hey . Hey . Hey . ( sobbing ) I don 't want to stay with you anyway . Emme . Let go of me ! Emme . ( door closes ) ( flynn ) you want some help ? No . Hey , emme . Emme . ( jackson ) carroll is a skilled agent and a nosy one at that . More importantly , his wife seems to mean Something to the hunters . And then there 's the business of the scar . Hmm . I understand . He is a risk . All right . I 'll handle it . ( phone beeps ) ( single piano key plays ) ( doorbell ringing ) Agent carroll . You find my wife ? Then what is it ? Your transfer to homeland security . Homeland security ? It 's a cover . Welcome to the e.T.U. ( jackson ) all personnel are cleared for classified operations . Briggs here comes courtesy of australian special ops command . With your skills and experience , You 'll be an excellent replacement For an agent we just lost . That 's not a great sales pitch . What I 'm about to show you Is known only to this unit And a handful of people at the top of the d.O.D. This information remains classified , period . Are we clear ? Yeah . Yes , sir . The terrorists we 're chasing aren 't human . We used to say the same thing about the hajis . Not like that . This hunter and two others Were part of a cell hiding out in an abandoned Calcium carbonate refinery in kentucky . They were part of a larger , international organization . The u.S. Government first became aware Of their existence in 2009 . This some kind of hoax ? Does this look like a hoax to you ? . ( breathing heavily ) ( jackson ) hunter number seven , Aka lionel mccarthy . He 's a professional dj who uses the name cymatic society . Have we reached out to t.S.C. ? Mccarthy 's on their watch list . He may attempt to travel to the middle east , Where as far as we know , brother number four is based . ( jules ) that 's their leader . He 's like the bin laden of little green men . ( briggs ) if mccarthy 's on the no-fly list , He won 't get past security . Or an x-ray machine . He wont have to get past all of them , just one . Randall slavich runs security at an airport near d.C. We suspect he 's a sleeper agent . ( jules ) we 've been monitoring his communications for weeks , And our surveillance turned up nothing Until last night , when slavich received This link from mccarthy via mccarthy 's spotify chat . ( " maid of orleans " playing ) That song was playing in the farmhouse . O.M.D. , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark . '80s british new wave group . They did that song , " if you leave . " It was in , uh , " pretty in pink " In the last scene , when andie- - jules . My guess is that it 's an encoded message . I think mccarthy 's telling slavich That he needs help getting out of the country . ( jackson ) slavich 's next shift starts in four hours . We 're gonna take a team , stake it out , see if mccarthy shows . Abby carroll may turn up with mccarthy . ( regan ) and if she does ? She 's to be apprehended and held for interrogation . That is all . Let 's go , people . Let 's bring ' em in this time . Hunters use sonic weapons . The two-eighty . That 's two-eighty as in- - decibels . Well , look at you with the science . E.T.U. Weapons are reverse engineered Using hunter guns that we 've seized . Battery snaps out , in , like so . Aim for the head . That 's how you take one down . There 'll be a muffled sound , some kickback . You 'll get used to the feel . Like spooning a lover . A gun that shoots martians . ( regan ) we don 't know where they come from . Could be space . No one knows for sure . What we do know is that hunters don 't come in peace . Stay calm , keep focused and whatever you do , Stay the hell away from this one . ( jet engine roaring overhead ) ( indistinct p.A. Announcements ) She had a secret . Your wife . Something you didn 't know . Something that got her caught . You don 't know anything about abby . Everyone 's hiding something . Sir , you need to hear this . On the surface , just another lame remix , But when we pull the tracks apart , That 's when things get interesting . â ™ ª ( clicking ) Those clicks were on the tape from the coahuila factory . Yeah , we 'll see . We 'll start cracking it . That 's not all , sir . There was another track buried in the song . No code , no attempt to hide it . What is it ? It 's a warning , sir . ( mccarthy ) this is a warning from our leader , Dear brother number four . This is his one and only warning , So sit up and listen close . For years we have remained hidden amongst you , Watching , waiting . We take nothing without reason . What we want is good and right . It 's what we 've been waiting for . Their first direct communication , And it 's a damn manifesto . Our cause is just . The end justifies our means . Love swings the hammer . Blood will be shed . You will bleed , you will cry , And you will die . You will not be safe . You will pay the price . We are many , we are everywhere , And we are angry . The end begins now . ( grunting ) ( regan ) escalator . Mccarthy 's here , headed to security . ( briggs ) alone ? Looks like . Stay with him . We 're on him . We 're at baggage carousel one . Slavich 's letting mccarthy through a secure door . We 're in pursuit . ( gunfire ) ( grunting ) ( regan ) briggs , slavich 's been hit . He 's heading to the service hangar . I 'm on my way . ( clicking ) ( clicking ) Slavich ! ( clicking ) Slavich , stop ! Tell me where my wife is . Tell me ! Tell me where my wife is , Or I 'll blow your damn head off . ( clicking ) ( clicking ) Hello , allison . ( chuckles ) You can 't stop us . We 're inside . Inside what ? The e.T.U. We 're inside . They 're using you . ( briggs ) carroll ? Where 's regan ? Where 's mccarthy ? ( clicking ) What a fine and fearsome creature you are . Magnificent in every way . You don 't know me . Oh , but I do . I know what 's inside of both of us , And I know how badly it wants to come out . Go on . Shoot me . Spill my blood , then lick it up , And then run with me like the animal you are . ( clicking ) ( gunshot ) ( briggs ) he 's got a gun ! No ! ( gunshot ) Holy shit . He escaped . He got a shot off first . ( briggs ) damn it . â ™ ª
