 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Malick is supposed to be the last head of hydra , But I can 't shake this feeling That he 's reporting to someone else . Was that ward ? Unfortunately ... I think that 's something else . My ancestors were taught to believe That if we managed to return you From that godforsaken place that we would be rewarded . Polly : It would happen any time charles touched anyone . He and that person would both see someone 's death . You 're the head of my security , And you should be by my side at all times . No . I 'm right where I 'm supposed to be . Is he all right ? He sounded ... Afraid . â ™ ª Gideon , your father was a true believer . He 'll be sorely missed . Don 't worry , sir . Nathaniel and I will do everything we can To continue our father 's work . I 'd expect nothing less from the malick boys . â ™ ª Gideon , they 're saying it 's time . I already told them no , nate . We have to go see him . Like hell we do . We can 't just ignore daniel whitehall . He 's an old man in a prison cell . Who is still very powerful . And if he wants us to show - - I don 't give a damn what he wants . Dad never believed in whitehall 's hydra , And we 're not gonna start now . We 're staying right here . â ™ ª They 're not asking , gideon . â ™ ª Man : Sir ? We 're home . Hi . You 've been holding out on me . We need to talk . You didn 't tell me he was a looker . I don 't know what I expected , But ... Tall and handsome Were certainly not at the top of the list . Wait . Who - - who - - who are you talking about ? Our guest . A-are you saying that he 's here ? Why ? I thought you 'd be happy . Just answer the question . He showed up earlier And asked me to gather the inner circle . They 're on their way now . So they 're coming here today . Hive : Gideon . So glad you could join us . I 'm honored that you would visit our home . To what do we owe this pleasure ? I felt it was time . Time for what ? To reveal my true self . â ™ ª [ sighs ] You said you killed him . I did . Well , you didn 't kill him hard enough . Want to tell me what we 're looking at ? The lab is working on that question . I 'm sorry about andrew . If you need any- - I don 't want to talk about that Any more than you want to talk about this . You don 't have a lot of kills like that under your belt . I 've done my fair share . Not that you enjoyed . â ™ ª [ sighs ] I would 've made the same choice . We do what we have to do . I know the company line . Just feel like we 're only fixing problems that we created . Yeah . Plus side - - Maybe I 'll get a chance to kill him , too . â ™ ª Mack : You got to be kidding me . Ward ? What a pain in the ass . What ? Leaving him for dead on another planet Isn 't enough to get rid of that guy ? You 're looking better . Yeah ? 'cause you 're not . [ chuckles ] Well , we don 't think he 's a guy anymore . We think ward 's body was possessed , For lack of a better word , by it , the creature ... From the other planet . And he burned them or something ? Honestly , right now - - We have no idea . When I was there , it knew everything that will did , Even after he was ... Gone . Which means whatever this thing is has ward 's memories , So why hasn 't it come after us ? Maybe it 's not interested in us . Can 't believe I 'm hearing this . Well , we know it destroyed an entire civilization over there . Who knows what it has planned here ? Tremors , you saw the future , right ? You see anything else ? Anything that might help us out ? Director coulson would like to see you in his office - - All of you . Malick has given new meaning to the term " hostile takeover . " What he did at transia corp was brutal , even for him . They must have something he needs . If we can figure out what it is ... It 'll lead us to ward . This is not ward . Sure is creepy like ward . Ward 's dead . I saw it happen . â ™ ª There 's a lot of overlap between the two companies , But only transia has a subsidiary dabbling In the agrochemical field . Gt agrochemical . Does what ? Gmos , pesticides , ruining the global food supply . Minutes after the takeover , A paramilitary force took control of that branch , Started moving equipment out . Zephyr is wheels up in 20 . The quinjet will peel off mid-flight . We 're splitting up ? Lincoln and daisy have a stop to make in the badlands . There , uh - - there was this inhuman in afterlife . He might have answers about whatever is possessing ward . It 's a long story . I 'll explain on the way . Coulson : We 're in the dark , But right now , ward and this thing - - They 're not afraid to take what they want or kill who they want . So what 's our advantage ? They 're not afraid . Dad , what 's going on ? I 've seen something . There was an inhuman , And when I touched him , I saw a vision of the future . Really ? What did you see ? My death . â ™ ª [ screams ] Feel so much pain . I was being torn apart from the inside . [ screaming continues ] You have to tell our guest . He can help save you . No , honey , no . [ scoffs ] I felt every cell in my body was being destroyed . My killer ... It was him . Malick : Why are we here ? Our dad 's body is barely cold . I felt it was vital we spoke Before you upcoming stone ceremony . Your first , yes ? There better be a point to this . You boys are of age now . It 's time you choose a path forward in hydra . And with your father gone , I believe you should choose mine . And why would we do that , old man ? Gideon , don 't . I 'm a man of science , not religion . Your family 's ancient traditions are nonsense . You don 't know anything about us or our beliefs . No ? A ceremony where grown men draw stones from a bag And one unlucky participant draws a white stone And is sacrificed to a liquid rock . To be chosen as the traveler is a great honor . An archaic blood sacrifice - - You 're a coward . He was 10 times the man you are . Make no mistake . Your rituals are foolish . But your father - - he was no fool . Answer me this . How do you suppose he survived all those ceremonies ? From what I heard , He was quite gifted with a certain parlor trick . Why leave to fate what you can decide for yourself ? Nice try . We 're done here . There 's a book in your father 's study - - " paradise lost . " take a look . I believe you 'll find it most illuminating . Let 's go . Nathaniel , let 's go . â ™ ª Stephanie : Dad . Dad , are you listening to me ? [ snaps fingers ] He 's not going to hurt you . [ inhales deeply ] I felt it . I think he 's gonna do it tonight in front of the others . You brought him back . You more than anyone are the reason why he 's even here at all . Look , I know , and I 'm as shocked as you are . But he sent giyera away , And now he 's gathering the inner circle behind my back . He must have a good reason . Oh , he thinks he no longer needs me . And it makes sense for him to kill me As a show of power to the others . Dad , you 've always been a faithful follower . Why would he ever hurt you ? When mom died , I wouldn 't get out of bed for a week . Remember ? And you told me to man up . Stephanie ... Malicks don 't wait around . They roll up their sleeves , and they get the job done . Whatever this is ... You can fix it . You remind him how important you are . â ™ ª I 'll have a scotch waiting when you 're done . [ chuckles ] â ™ ª [ alarm blaring ] Daisy ? Where 'd you go ? Trying to understand How we 've been searching the globe for months And you never bothered to mention Another afterlife inhuman . Potential inhuman . He was never given powers . And until we saw ward 's corpse walking around , I was pretty sure he was crazy town . I wasn 't trying to keep anything from you . So don 't . He 's in south dakota ? Off the grid . His name 's james . He 's a demolitions expert . Australian . Former mercenary . Few weeks after I got there , jiaying caught him Breaking into her private archives and banished him . What was he doing in there ? Stealing , mostly . He made a big scene , ranting about the second coming Of some ancient inhuman who could raise the dead . Huh . Well , something tells me He won 't be jumping at the chance to help us . He was pretty bitter , not getting powers . We 'll need to be careful and keep our eyes open . â ™ ª Coulson : You 're saying these organisms ate these people ? Fitz : Well , most of them . In a remarkably short space of time . Will believed that one of the other astronauts Was burned alive . Maybe it was actually this . There was a graveyard of bones on that planet , right ? And it controls these organisms ? That 's one theory . We do know that they eat living flesh . What if it also uses them to reanimate dead flesh ? â ™ ª Sorry . It 's just ... I still can 't believe this thing is here on earth . â ™ ª Sir , we 're nearing the agrochem facility , And you were right to head there first . Some of the boxes weren 't carried out . They floated . Giyera . â ™ ª I always loved this place . My brother and I used to play here as kids . Gideon , your daughter impresses me . She 's a true believer . Well , [ chuckles ] I tried to raise her right , Same as my dad raised me . She 'll play a key role in this . Well , I 'm happy to hear it . How fortunate it was for all of us That I was able to find you and bring you home . Trivial thing , daylight Till you spend a few centuries in the dark . â ™ ª How much do you remember of those years , Of your many hosts ? â ™ ª Do their memories live on in you ? Why ? Is there something you 'd like to ask them ? â ™ ª It 'll all be made clear tonight . â ™ ª Coulson : Giyera is malick 's right hand . He 's a trained killer . And torturer , don 't forget . Which is why we need to make sure he doesn 't get away . Simmons : It won 't be easy . He can control anything in his line of sight . Non-biological objects . Yes , non-biological objects and the like , But he can 't make you hurt yourself . Though he did turn poor mr . Banks ' gun on him . So I built handprint locks into the grips . The firing pin won 't engage Without the designated hand on the trigger . Mack : Great . So instead of shooting us , he 'll just bludgeon us to death . Before the atcu , giyera spent years in special ops . He 's dangerous without powers . May : Here . Tell me about this room . [ monitor beeps ] â ™ ª I hope you know how to deal with this guy , Because I 'm thinking ... Crazy town was a pretty spot-on assessment . We 'll be okay , but we shouldn 't use our powers . He 's cranky enough as it is . James : [ australian accent ] lincoln , you s.O.B. Take your little boy-band hipster scruff and piss off . What a sweetheart . Same as he ever was . Come on . â ™ ª Fair warning , pretty boy . You take one more step ... You 're gonna regret it . James , we only want to talk . [ click ] What is that ? â ™ ª Don 't move . You 're standing on a land mine . I did say " one more step . " Seriously ? What kind of lunatic puts land mines in their front yard ? ! James ! We 're not here to fight . Oh , that 's rich , coming from you . I 've been waiting a long time for this day , For jiaying to send out one of her little lapdogs To come after me . To be honest , I thought it 'd be that no-eyed boot licker , gordon . Kind of shocked that she trusted you [ chuckles ] With anything , really . Wow . You really undersold mr . Personality . [ sighs ] Can you hold it down ? Or I 'll blow off my leg . Okay . [ rumbling ] [ gasps ] Ah , ah , ah . What are you doing ? [ land mine rattling ] â ™ ª [ land mine explodes ] ah . Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ! Look at you . Girl power . Nice move . Well , I hope you got the message . Okay . Daisy , wait . [ grunts ] [ rumbling ] Whoa . Hey now . Damn it . Damn it . Damn it , damn it , damn it . [ electricity crackles ] â ™ ª [ sighs ] â ™ ª I can 't sleep , either . I 'm trying not to be nervous About the ceremony tomorrow , but ... I had to know . What are you talking about ? " paradise lost . " Whitehall was right . Whitehall 's a blowhard . He was trying to mess with us . Dad ... He would swap in this stone during the ceremonies And feel for the notch To make sure he never drew it from the bag . He would never do that . But he did . It 's all right here , gideon . Dad was afraid to be the traveler . â ™ ª He was a coward ... And a cheater . Everything he said to us was a lie . â ™ ª Maybe dad wasn 't who we thought he was , But our family has upheld this faith for centuries . And that is not gonna end with us . We 'll be better men . How ? â ™ ª We do the ceremony the right way and let fate decide . Together to the end . â ™ ª [ grunts ] Together to the end . â ™ ª Dad , you okay ? The others are anxious to know why they 're here , And I don 't know if I can keep the secret much longer . Once we begin , there 's no turning back . Whatever happens ... If you were me , I know exactly what you 'd say right now . â ™ ª " it 's time to man up . " â ™ ª My friends , it 's time to begin . â ™ ª I know you 're wondering why we 're here . It 's been a long time , but today , We 're not here for a ceremony , but a celebration . [ inhales deeply ] We 've devoted our lives To bringing the hydra god back from exile , And I know some in this room Have doubted that he 'd ever return . You doubted me . Well - - Hive : They were wrong . My exile 's over . â ™ ª What is this ? â ™ ª You 're grant ward . Yes , I am . But this body is only a vessel , One of many who gave their life so that I could survive . As promised , all of the travelers , The brave men who sacrificed for me , Have finally returned . Thanks to the malick family . â ™ ª You 'll all get what you deserve . â ™ ª And for those of you still having doubts ... â ™ ª ... See and believe . â ™ ª [ grunts ] Mack : The area 's clear , director . Scanning the building for giyera . Most of the lab equipment 's been taken away . Files , too . What hasn 't been taken away has been destroyed . Nope . Nothing sinister about that . [ gasps ] No quick moves , tough guy . Hand it over , unless you want to wrestle for it . I can see you 're not afraid of a little scrape . We only need information about that ancient inhuman You used to talk about And anything you stole before being thrown out of af- - [ laughing ] I 'm sorry . I just can 't get over the irony of this whole situation . Jiaying elected to give you powers ? Oh , lincoln . Man , you 're a mess . You don 't know what you 're talking - - Makes me wonder what you 've been giving her , huh ? Something a little extra on the side after hours ? What ? Well , the woman 's crazy , But she 's not bad for a senior citizen . We 're not here on her behalf . We 're with s.H.I.E.L.D. S.H.I.E.L.D. ? [ sniffles ] Even I know the band broke up , brother . Why don 't you leave me out Of whatever little plan you and jiaying - - Jiaying 's dead , and afterlife is a pile of ashes . Well ... Hallelujah . You see ? We 're on the same side . So why don 't you tell us what you found ? Why ? [ chuckles ] I don 't really do things out of the kindness of my own heart . Haven 't really understood that behavior , to be honest . [ scoffs ] Yeah , that 's why I brought a little incentive . â ™ ª I know all you 've ever wanted is to be like us , So I thought I 'd put that offer on the table . â ™ ª You should 've opened with that . Looks like the data was uploaded off-site before it was wiped . Work with fitz . See if you can trace where it was sent . And gather what 's left of these experiments for simmons . Maybe she can figure out What the hell they were working on here . Man : Sir , giyera 's coming your way . Copy that . â ™ ª Not so fun when we take away your toys , is it ? â ™ ª â ™ ª [ grunting ] [ spits ] So we 're doing this the hard way ? â ™ ª I don 't usually like getting my hands dirty , But for you , I 'll make an exception . Don 't bother . [ grunts ] â ™ ª Giyera uploaded his data to a set of servers in schoonebeek . It 's on the dutch-german border . It 's an abandoned oil field . So hydra 's in the oil business now ? It 's like they 're not even trying To avoid the bad-guy clichÃ © s . Get the coordinates to the cockpit . â ™ ª Damn it . Get out of there right now . Go , go , go , go , go ! We 'll get him to talk . Maybe . If not , Let 's hope daisy and lincoln come back with something useful . James : Most of what I stole was junk ... But this was interesting . I give you the alien thingumajig and you give me the crystal . That 's kree . Looks like you 're the muscles and the brains , huh ? He 's just the haircut . What does it do ? Well , if I could figure that out , I would be doing that instead of this . But from what I can gather , it was snatched up By this ancient that you 're badgering me about - - After the kree were killed or driven out or whatever . When the inhumans revolted against them . That was your man that led the charge . They called him alveus . It was latin or something . One of the first inhumans . Original blend . Powerful . Designed by the kree to command the inhuman army for them . [ chuckles ] That idea really bit him in the ass , didn 't it ? Powerful how ? I 'm not sure , But the archive said the inhumans started to fear him , And they had to band together with regular humans To banish him . Look , those records - - they say that all of us at afterlife Descended from the first group of inhumans . That was our history . She had no right to keep it from us . She was probably scared someone would try to bring him back . Maybe . Wait . You guys aren 't trying to bring him back , are ya ? Of course not . Never . Good . Well , this priceless artifact is yours . If you want it , just give me the damn crystal . â ™ ª You lying son of a bitch . See , jiaying was right about some things . Not everyone deserves powers . And you do ? Now that you got electricity running through your veins , You might actually kill someone . â ™ ª Let 's get out of here . Oh , boyfriend of the year didn 't tell you How his last relationship ended . He nearly murdered the poor girl . But I can see by your face That you 're familiar with that side of him . Daisy , come on . You may think you can change him , sweetheart , But you 're wrong . Men like him don 't change ! â ™ ª Let me pour you that scotch . Neat , two fingers ? [ chuckles ] [ sighs ] To you , For reminding me what it means to be a malick . I learned from the best . [ sighs ] What do you got there ? Our guest seems to have taken a liking to me . Got me a gift . Token of appreciation ... For standing by his side . I told him it was my pleasure , but - - Very thoughtful . I know that look . [ sighs ] It 's been a long day . I may turn in . You 're not still questioning him . No . Not anymore . [ clears throat ] Goodnight , dad . Love you . [ sighs ] love you , too . See you in the morning . â ™ ª The sturnus vulgaris , or european starling , One of america 's scariest invasive species . They 're just birds . Birds can be scary . Imagine a flock of a million coming to peck your eyes out With their tiny , little beaks . So they were studying birds and bugs ? And all sorts of other invasive species . Yeah , they were genetically engineering plants And animals to resist them . This was their most cutting-edge division . Why would it burn the evidence , then ? Well , either he wanted to use it And was covering his tracks or ... He was afraid of it . Keep looking . Maybe we find a chink in his armor . How close are you to figuring out what he is ? Well , I have a theory , at least . These experiments have me thinking . The organisms we found on the bones - - I don 't think he 's controlling them . [ monitor beeps ] â ™ ª I think he is them . He 's a parasite . A parasite that retains the memories Of the body he took over . Sounds even worse when you say it like that . â ™ ª [ bones crack ] Fitz : Is there something wrong , sir ? â ™ ª [ breathing heavily ] â ™ ª You were there . You saw . " we do what we have to do . " That 's your words . Yeah . And that 's what I 've been telling myself . And now you don 't believe that that 's true ? It was true for you . You were left no choice on that planet . You did the right thing , but I crossed the line . Ward deserved to be punished , But no one deserves to have the life s- - No , he did deserve it . He did deserve to have his chest caved in - - no question . That 's not the point . It was payback . That 's not what we do here . Well , what was the alternative ? I mean , letting him live , letting him win ? Don 't you see ? When I killed him , he did . â ™ ª I knew it would come back to haunt me , I just didn 't think it would actually come back to haunt me . You 're gonna tell us everything you know - - About malick , about your plans , About that thing your brought back through the portal . I should thank you . Without s.H.I.E.L.D. , he never would 've made it home . [ chuckles ] wow . You 're really drinking the kool-aid , aren 't you ? Oh , this leader of yours must be a real charmer . We don 't have leaders . We 're walking towards a common goal . That 's what they tell you when you join a cult , But it 's actually not true . Eventually , you 'll get it . We see such great potential for humanity . Those who are worthy will inherit a better world . And those who aren 't ? â ™ ª We 're nearing dutch air space . Looks like we 're gonna find out what you and malick are hiding Whether you help us or not . â ™ ª So , you kept it . After all these years . â ™ ª [ clears throat ] Stephanie , give us a moment . Dad , what is going on ? There 's no reason for her to see this . I invited her here . She deserves to know the truth about her father . You 've had this notched stone since that day at the pond . [ grunts ] Together to the end . â ™ ª You knew you 'd never be chosen . â ™ ª Tell me , gideon ... Was this a deliberate betrayal , Or was it all just to save your own life ? I loved nathaniel . So it was just fate that it came down to the two of us . â ™ ª Dad , what is he saying ? Your father is not the brave man he claims to be . â ™ ª I thought we had a deal . I thought ... Man : Let 's go . [ scoffs ] I thought we had a deal . Nate ? What happened to " together to the end , " brother ? Oh , I meant every word of that . I wanted you by my side , but I-I didn 't have a choice . Is that what you 've been telling yourself ? I never gave up on you , nate . I carried on the tradition . I gave up everything so that you could return . You were never willing to give up everything . So all these years ... You just lied to my face ? He was selfish . He gets it from our father . â ™ ª They were both too afraid to make a true sacrifice . Yeah , I 'll die if I have to , but not as a coward . Malick : Stephanie , I won 't let you remember me The way I remember my father . [ voice breaking ] do what you have to . This needs to be made right . â ™ ª But I still need a malick by my side . â ™ ª [ body thuds ] [ voice breaking ] oh , god . Now you understand sacrifice . â ™ ª He said you almost killed your girlfriend . What the hell was he talking about ? Who was she ? Why haven 't you said anything about this before ? Because I never wanted you to see that side of me . I don 't really care what you want right now , lincoln . You can 't - - you can 't just show me mr . Perfect all the time And keep all the ugly parts hidden away . That 's not how this works . I need the truth , or whatever we are ends now . [ sighs ] â ™ ª Okay . â ™ ª [ sighs ] You know how we 've , um , talked about How most inhumans have this feeling Where nothing feels right , just empty ? Yeah , like how I spent my entire life searching for my parents . It 's a classic attempt to fill the void . Well , I tried to fill it with vodka , But I couldn 't control it - - the drinking or my temper . You 've told me this . Not this . My girlfriend thought she could help me To be a better person . [ chuckles ] We fought about that a lot . I don 't even remember what we were arguing about that night , But the more I drank , the angrier I got . I just wanted to get away , So I got in the car . I don 't know why the hell she got in with me , Trying to talk me down . We ended up wrapped around a telephone pole . Oh , my god . She was basically dead . But then gordon showed up ... Said he 'd been watching me . They saved her - - and me . Brought me to afterlife . And for the first time , I felt like that emptiness ... Might be filled one day . â ™ ª I want you to know ... That I would never hurt you . I know . Sorry I didn 't tell you sooner , But I don 't want any more secrets . Yeah . Um ... Then , there 's something I ... Have to tell you . I got another glimpse ... Into the future . And ... I don 't know when ... But someone on our team is gonna die . â ™ ª That 's not good . [ grunts ] â ™ ª [ button beeps ] [ alarm blaring ] Giyera 's escaped . Do not let him in here . [ panting ] â ™ ª [ grunts ] â ™ ª [ grunts ] â ™ ª You can 't stop us . [ grunts ] â ™ ª You 're not getting this plane without a fight . We don 't need to fight anymore . â ™ ª What the hell ? ! Thrusters at maximum ! â ™ ª [ alarm blaring ] â ™ ª Pull up ! I c-can 't ! â ™ ª Simmons ? [ grunts ] [ alarm blaring ] Daisy , come in . Giyera 's taken control of the plane . We need - - [ grunts ] Daisy : May ? May ? [ monitor beeps ] May ? Line 's dead . Everyone from our team is on that plane . Not everyone . â ™ ª You put together the secret warriors initiative For a reason . No , lincoln , what - - what if - - You can 't be afraid of that vision . We both know we got to do something . [ breathing heavily ] â ™ ª Let 's call them in . â ™ ª Good news . Giyera 's captured a s.H.I.E.L.D. Airship with several prisoners . We should be on our way . Sacrifice is never easy , But we have balanced the scales today . You have nothing else to fear . â ™ ª Together to the end . [ breathing shakily ]
