 LUCY : Previously on Killjoys ... - Khlyen . - You found him ? JOHN : We rerouted his neuro-link to track him . DUTCH : The RAC is in the most heavily fortified station in the Quad . JOHN : But the good news is our badges get us in the front door . I just want to know who 's protecting her . Dutch doesn 't need protecting . Then why is she marked for Red 17 ? The Company will drop all charges against you in exchange for a future favor of my choosing . You could wipe out an entire bloodline with this thing , or target just one person in the crowd . ALVIS : War is what they call it when the big dogs win . I want a revolution . Well , good luck with that . You might as well believe in monsters and Level 6 Killjoys . Alvis Akari , you 're under arrest for orchestrating the Leith Bazaar massacre . I 'm an agent . We 're on the same side . I 'm not so sure we are . We 're not . What are you ? I 'm Level 6 . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) PREE : They 're holding Alvis in Westhole . What 's the charge ? Sedition and mass murder . They 're saying he ordered the Bazaar attack . When it rains it poops . Come on , we all know Alvis hates the Company . He 'd never kill civilians . I got nothing against the freaky little bastard , but he is a revolutionary . He 's saved our asses a dozen times and never asked for anything in return . He 's being set up . Why ? Things have been tense leading up to claim day . The Company could be using Alvis to send a message , remind everyone who 's boss . Now , if that 's what this is , they 'll cut him loose once they 've made their point . Great , well , let 's pray for that , then . We 've got enough on our plate right now . Khlyen told me something when I was leaving . He said I needed my team , that something was coming . I think he meant to the Quad . Like what ? That 's all he said . I think maybe you should leave . Maybe you should leave . No . I mean both of you , take Lucy , be a moving target . You stole his shit , he 's going to come looking for you . So , we better make sure we 're ready for when he does . How ? Well , first , I need to know everything about Khlyen , Level 6 ... Red 17 . What ? Turin brought it up . He said you 're on some kind of a list . Seriously ? JOHN : That 's in play now ? Great . I mean , I ... I need a chart . I need to find out how we 're all connected , so our goal still remains the same . Johnny , if your friend , Carleen , can decrypt Khlyen 's files , we can figure out what makes a Level 6 vulnerable and use his secrets against him before he gets to us . This is it . One last play . We win here , or I lose for good . Then I vote we win . MAN : ( OVER SPEAKERS ) Priority broadcast . Shit . Priority broadcast . ALVIS : My name is Alvis Akari . To clear my conscience and make peace with my gods , I plead guilty to all charges . I ordered the attack on the Leith Bazaar , carried out by my resistance members of Old Town , yesterday . Damn , here we go . Old Town is going to lose her shit . Company must have coerced that confession . What kind of torture do you have to use to make a Scarback-masochist confess ? I understand that my punishment is death . I accept my fate . Death ? MAN : ( OVER SPEAKERS ) Return to your homes - Curfew is now in effect . ( ALARM BLARING ) Authorized personnel only . Let 's get inside . Dutch . We 've got to get Alvis out somehow . You said so yourself , you have enough on your plate with Khlyen . I 'm not sure this isn 't connected . He said trouble was coming to the Quad . Take a look around , D 'avin . Tell me it isn 't . MAN : ( OVER SPEAKERS ) Return to your homes - Curfew is now in effect . ( CROWD CLAMORING ) ( ALARM CONTINUES ) ♪ Come , come , come uninvited ♪ Run , run , run till I find you ♪ I don 't care which side that you 're fighting ♪ Gonna get you gone I DUTCH : When 's the execution ? HILLS : Tomorrow night . How solid is this ? Well , I wouldn 't want to be in his robes , let 's put it that way . Leithian Security force got a dying confession from one of those killer monks . Swore that Alvis put him up to it . Since when do you just take a Leithian 's word ? Since crying over the hole that Alvis dug for himself isn 't one of my jobs . Hills , you 've got to let me see him . You know our history . Let me at least say goodbye . Don 't get yourself twisted up in this . The monk is going down , don 't let him pull you down with him . ( DOOR BUZZING ) JOHN : It 's a ghost town in here . Mass murder tends to turn off shoppers . Hey , Bellus . Glad you 're okay . BELLUS : It was all over before I could get my gun . Didn 't see their faces but I heard them yelling . All about Alvis and Seventh Gen Accord , stuff like that . Scarback freaks . Never trust someone who gets off on blood . We 're not here about the Scarbacks . What would you say if we told you Level 6 was real ? I 'd say , " Yes , please , I 'll have some of what you 're smoking . " You 're serious ? We think we might have met one . D 'AVIN : His name 's Khlyen . We need you to tell us everything you know . Six has been a rumor since I 've been in this game . Agents go missing sometimes , a few every year . The RAC will say they 've been transferred or died in active duty . But then , you hear whispers that they 've been forced into Level 6 . To be what , exactly ? Nobody really knows . More than just Killjoys . I 've heard genesplicing , reanimation , crazy stuff . Not a lick of proof . Has this got anything to do with your raid on the RAC last night ? We in deep shit for that , yet ? You must have a million angels up your asses , because official word is that it was a surprise systems security check . Really ? You came out clean , boys . Dutch , too . Where is she , anyway ? DUTCH : Scarbacks asked me to bring you these . What are they really ? Explosives to break you out ? Cyanide caplets ? Prayer beads . Oh . Damn . Yeah . Turns out I don 't like nonconsensual pain so much . That why you confessed ? No , they threatened the rest of my order . Do you know who 's framing you ? Just forget about me , worry about Westerley . I need a favor . When the company tried terraforming Arkyn , something went wrong , something bad . So , with Westerley , they took precautions . Including building a network of self-sustaining bunkers underground that most people forgot about . Why does that matter ? If things go to shit in Old Town , Westerlyns can shelter there , safe from the Company siege . My people have the maps , the guns , and the supplies , all I need now are the entry codes . I have a contact with the tunnel rats . They only trust Scarbacks , but right now , I only trust you . I 'm not trying to save Westerley , Alvis . I 'm trying to save you . ( CHUCKLES ) We 're a package deal . Are you really going to deny the last request of a sexy dying man ? MAN : ( OVER SPEAKERS ) Twenty-four hour curfew in effect . By order of the Company serving the Quad - ( ALARM BLARING ) Twenty-four hour curfew in effect . ls this line secure ? Do Tarkesians eat their own young ? I literally have no idea . Yes , it 's secure , just finished downloading your files . What kind of black box shit is this ? Once you 're in , I need you to work fast , Carleen . Focus on finding anything about keywords Khlyen , Dutch , or Level 6 . And please tell me you 're somewhere remote . lam . I 'm at the ... Ah , ah , ah . No , I ... I don 't even want to know . Why are you guys so freaked over this Khlyen cat , anyway ? What 's his deal ? Well , that 's what we 're trying to figure out . You got it . I 'll send it in batches as I break it . Okay , you heard the man . Start with all known dialects throughout the Sub-routine . Crypto pattern recognition . Anything you find , send to Jaqobis . Secure transmissions every six hours . This bastard 's got to crack sometime . COMPUTER VOICE : Processing time , undetermined . I hear you , baby . It 's going to be a long night . I don 't know about you , but I 'm getting hammered . ( GASPS ) ( CARLEEN WHEEZING ) ( WHEEZING CONTINUES ) I can make this painless , or I can make you suffer , your choice . I want what was taken from me . ( GROANING ) ( WEAKLY ) Take the files . No . Not the files . Where is the liquid ? ( SHUDDERING ) CARLEEN : Please . D 'AVlN : I didn 't realize helping Alvis would involve dress-up . DUTCH : Come on , I 've seen the way you look at his cape . ( KNOCKING ) JOHN : They better hurry up , I 'm freezing my monk-junk . DUTCH : Ew . We 're here to see the Rat King , Alvis sent us . I feel like maybe etiquette is not a rat-people strength . He 'll see you now . Okay . D 'AVIN : I see why they call them Rat People , who else would live down here ? JOHN : There 's not much choice without a Company job . Illegals stay in Westerley , they can 't afford to leave . They spend their whole lives down here . I don 't see Alvis . Alvis couldn 't make it , he 's ... RAT KING : I know where he is , Auntie . It still doesn 't explain why I should trust you . Because Alvis does . We need the codes . We can trade anything you want . You want to prove yourselves , prove your faith . DUTCH : HOW ? This is my sister , Rena . The fever burns through her . I was hoping to appeal to Alvis for a blood blessing . Bless her . DUTCH : We need holy supplies . ( GUNS COCKING ) RAT KING : Know what I think ? I think you 're just more imposters . I hope you at least know how to fake your own last rites . And the roots grew ... D 'AVINI Johnny . The seed traveled from a home that we 've forgotten . Finding soil on Qresh . And the roots grew . ALL : And the roots grew . JOHN : From one world to two moons , one mother tree to unite us all . And when we rise , her branches hold us . And when we tire , her trunk shelters us . And when we die , her roots will carry us home . Praise the trees . ALL : Praise the trees . RAT KING : I keep my word . This is what The Penitent wants . It should unlock any of the lower bunkers . D 'AVIN : Then why aren 't your people using them ? Alvis says they 're holy , to be saved for the end of days . But honestly , we 've been trapped down here long enough . I 'm ashamed I doubted you . That 's okay , you 're forgiven . In penance . Miner l.D. tags ? We rats have eyes and ears everywhere . Three Scarbacks were beaten outside of our tunnels just before the Leith massacre . They were stripped naked by three men , who threw their own tags and clothes into the sewers as they changed into stolen robes . I thought you were involved until the blessing . Yeah , and Alvis would never use imposter monks . This has " false flag " all over it . We need to get this to Hills , sow enough doubt to buy Alvis some more time . Thank you . Shit , I 'm ... Hey , I 'm just going to say it . You need to take your sister to get a real blessing . Or better yet , a doctor . I 'm not a true Believer . From what I hear , that 's not something you get to decide . Uncle . D 'AVIN : So , didn 't know you had a Scarback fetish . Kinky bastard . Shut up . I watched Alvis give a blessing once . Read up on Scarbacks a bit after . You know , for pain freaks , they believe some fairly beautiful shit . Aren 't going to try and convert me , are you ? I get enough masochism just being your brother , thank you . DUTCH : Um , guys , did they cancel curfew ? Pawter , what 's going on ? I can 't believe it , the bastards are calling a vote . Which specific bastards ? The Nine . On whether to allow Seventh Generation Westies to immigrate to Leith . What do you mean , " allow " ? They promised . It 's a damn law . ( COMLINK CHIMING ) ( SIGHS ) Seyah Kendry , How nice of you to take time out of your scheduled screwing of the Quad . The vote ? Not our fault . Leith is terrified of you little rampaging Westerlyns . We need to look like we 're hearing them . I 'm not a Westerlyn and something tells me it 's not radical Scarbacks Leithians should be afraid of . Oh , well , I would love to hear your theories in person . I 'm at the Ancestral Hall today . Come join . Actually , I 'm occupied . Actually , that wasn 't a request . Or have you forgotten your debt to me ? I have not . So , get those tight pants of yours to Qresh immediately , or I will undo all the help I previously did for you and let you answer for poor Dr. Jaegar . This is an historic day . You and I are going to have some fun . Bye . I think she 's actually insane . It 's the inbreeding . So , what , we 're going to Qresh now ? Don 't leave yet . I can 't deal with Qreshi shit right now . Does it matter ? The Nine own the Company , which basically makes them our landlords here . Let 's not piss them off . We already got Khlyen to deal with , we don 't need more enemies . ( SIGHS ) okay - We 'll handle Delle Seyah . I need you to get the entry codes to Alvis ' people , and then take the evidence to Hills . You really think Hills is going to give a shit ? Make him . I know he 's a pain in the ass , but he does what he can to keep the peace . Johnny . When you get there , look for my mother . Seyah Simms , in the blue sash . Seyah Simms ? As in , of the Nine ? Yes , I 'm a pretty , pretty princess . Just give her this . She needs to understand the situation here . She 's not big on taking my calls . Also , maybe tell her I love her . Or don 't . I don 't know . Just read the room . ( GLASS BREAKING ) ( CROWD SHOUTING ) Okay , what if we say screw all this , get on Lucy , and don 't look back ? The three of us ? Yeah . The three of us . I can 't . Not until I 'm done with Khlyen . I know . Go , go to Qresh . I 'll handle Alvis . D 'avin . Go . We 're good . I 'll be standing right here when you get back . My little Killjoy . Have you missed me ? Oh . You came , too . Fun . How can we help you , Seyah ? I 'm sure you 've seen the news . This vote today is beyond contentious . We Nine have all received death threats . Lace me up ? You 're here as my security retinue . Qreshi politics is a bloodsport , and I don 't want any of it on my dress . Understood . Good . Then let 's go make history . This hall is where our ancestors first pledged the Seventh Generation Accord . And yet , tonight , you might undo it . It seemed a better deal at the time . Promise Westerlyns that if they behave themselves , keep Company jobs for seven generations , they can join the middle class on Leith . The Quad dream . Who knew so many of them would actually do it ? Come , I 'll show you around while I show you off . Woman in red sash ? Hyponia family . We do not like them . Feel free to shiv her . ( LAUGHS ) Just kidding . DELLE SEYAH : Or am I ? ls she drunk ? Gray and blue . Lands Derrish and Simms , our allies . Thanks to you , I control Land Lahani . And the rest , you can let burn . You , go patrol . Hmm . ( DOOR OPENS ) Jaqobis the Elder . What can I do you for ? Actually , I 'm here to help you . Alvis didn 't order the Leithian massacre . These I.D. tags should identify the real killers . Dig a little deeper , you 'll find that none of them are true Scarbacks . Well . I 'll be sure to kick that right upstairs . You 're hanging Alvis out to dry . You 've got riots in the streets . What the hells are your people up to ? I 'll let you know once they decide to tell me . Meanwhile , stick to chasing warrants . It 's a lot cleaner than politics . Leave them . Seyah Simms ? Yes ? I 'm friends with your daughter , Illenore . A lot of people owe her their lives on Westerley , including me . Illenore , she asked me to give you this . I have no daughter . DELLE SEYAH : Guess what my vote will be . You 'll vote to keep the Accord . Will I ? Why ? You 're far too clever to break a sacred treaty without good reason . People would blame you for the upheaval resulted . You like being many things , Seyah . Accountable isn 't one of them . See ? This is why I like you on my arm . So pretty , and so smart . Here . So rich , so bitch . Let 's just make it through this bullshit without stabbing anyone with a shrimp fork . Then , we can go home and check on D 'avin . I thought Westerley wasn 't home . Shut up , you know what I mean . Uh-huh . ( COMLINK CHIMING ) ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) D 'AVIN : Dutch , what 's your status ? I got a bad feeling about this vote . I think you were right about leaving . You going to be ready to go once we 're done here ? Yeah , couple of hitches . Alvis is still in jail and ... Khlyen just left my room at the Royale . What ? What the hell is he doing there ? What 's he want ? Should I ask him ? No , of course not . Don 't go anywhere near him . Shit , shit , shit . We 're coming back now , okay ? Wait for me . Gem 's breaking up . Didn 't catch that last bit . D 'avin . D 'avin . Khlyen killed Carleen . And now , D 'avin 's going after Khlyen . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) Okay , screw this . We 've repaid this debt . We 've got to get back to Westerley before your brother does something asinine . Uh-huh . Heads up , Loose , we 're on our way . John , I recognize that case . It 's the genetic bomb from Leith . Are you sure ? Yeah . Cover Delle Seyah , I 'm going after him . Don 't move . ( GRUNTING ) DELLE SEYAH : What are you doing ? Seyah , stay back . For goodness ' sake , do I have to do everything ? ( BEEPING ) Oops . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) JOHN : Where did he go ? John , stay on her . I 'm going after him . ( SCREAMING CONTINUES ) Hey , stop ! I don 't hit women , but I got a partner who does . So , lady , be nice . Relax . Don 't be such a killjoy . Oh . I just got that . JOHN : Why did you set off that bomb ? DELLE SEYAH : It 's called a coup . JOHN : Small flaw in your plan , we saw what you did . DELLE SEYAH : And you think someone will take your word over mine ? Sweetie , that 's adorable . If you 're not in danger , then why the hell did you drag us here to protect you ? Ask your sexy little partner . Her mentor is the one who insisted she be here . I assumed you were both in on this . Khlyen ? Why the hell would Khlyen want Dutch here ? Well , he sure wouldn 't want her near Old Town tonight . Not with what 's coming . What is coming to Old Town ? ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTS ) So , you 're Khlyen 's pet . How do you know Khlyen ? We 've all heard about you . I must admit , I 'm disappointed . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( GASPING ) Look at me , I 'm going to be the last thing you 'll see . ( DUTCH GASPING ) Don 't feel ashamed , it 's not like it 's a fair fight . You 're just a girl . I 'm Level 6 . ( GUNSHOT ) I 'm Johnny Jaqobis , stop licking my partner . You think guns can kill those things ? ( MULTIPLE GUNSHOTS ) I don 't know . Let 's not stick around to find out . JOHN : Okay , what the hell was with Mutant Boy back there ? We just got Level Sixed , the whole Quad got Level Sixed . I don 't even know what that means . LUCY : Course locked for Westerley . Lucy , comb all outgoing communications from Qresh . Isolate anything related to Old Town . Any word from D 'avin ? LUCY : I have not been able to establish contact . Keep trying - That was a political assassination , The RAC doesn 't do political . " Take no bribes , take no sides , " the warrant is all . " Ring any bells ? Clearly Sixes don 't hear so good . ( BEEPING ) Hells , John . Company are calling it a terror attack by Alvis ' resistance , in retaliation for his sentencing . What does framing the resistance get anyone ? An excuse for the Company to finally wipe them all out and call off the immigration agreement . Two birds , one very bloody stone . Nice play , Delle Seyah . LUCY : I 've intercepted a military hailing . Bombers are being scrambled . Where are they headed , Lucy ? Destination , Old Town . They 're going to Sugarpoint it . We 've got to warn Old Town . I 'm sorry , John , Old Town communications are blocked . Then put some heat on it , Lucy , I don 't care if you bust at the seams . We 've got to get to Old Town while there still is one . And keep trying to reach D 'avin . Don 't stop until you find him . Ah . The boyfriend . I 've been meaning to ask you out for dinner , get to know each other . I really do better with moms . That 's unfortunate . How 's tonight ? ( ELECTRICITY SURGES ) ( GROANS ) Johnny , how did it go ? Get your things , we 're leaving now . What 's going on ? What happened at the Vote ? Okay , first , your mother is fine . But ? He 's not up there , where 's D 'avin ? Haven 't seen him . There was an attack on Medidas . Bombers are coming here any minute , so we need to get you safe and find a way to sound the alarm . ( ALARM BLARING ) Sounds like they beat us to it . The Company bombers ! Oh , shit . Tunnels ? Tunnels . Come on . Anyone who wants a ride off-moon , come with us . ( ALARM CONTINUES ) PAWTER : Where are we going ? DUTCH : To find D 'avin , bust out Alvis , and get the hells off this moon . ( OVERLAPPING CONVERSATIONS ) It 's just a bar , Pree . Oh , honey , you know that 's not true . Goodnight , sweet girl . ( D 'AVIN GRUNTS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) What exactly was your plan of attack , following me ? I 'm really more of an improv kind of guy . You 're the reason I 'm back in her life . Bullshit . When she took her first kill warrant , I knew she was ready to return to our work . That 's not her fault . Johnny forced her hand . ( ELECTRICITY SURGING ) ( GROANING ) Ever since then , I 've had to watch her put her life in danger over and over to help you and your brother . She needs me back in her life . To protect her from the mediocrity of you . ( ELECTRICITY SURGING ) ( GROANING ) I admire your persistence , boy . If things were different , I might almost say you 're good enough for her . If you 're going to kill me , do it . I tried killing the last one , the husband . I lost her for six years . No , I 've got something far more productive in mind for you . ( ALARM BLARING ) It 's time to face the music , Uncle . Middle of a bombing campaign seems like a strange time for an execution . Feels a bit redundant . Yeah , well , I got a sister that was killed at the bazaar . So , on her behalf , jakkhead , I 'm your unofficial executioner . Stand up . Okay , but it 's rude to interrupt a man 's prayers . I don 't think those beads are going to help you now . ( GUN COCKS ) ( GUARD GRUNTING ) DUTCH : Really ? This is 60-year-old , dry-pressed Hokk . Those bombers can pry it from my beautiful , dead fingers . JOHN : The vents of Westhole should be around here . Hey ! Alvis , what the hells ? What are you doing down here ? Coming to break you out . Thought you didn 't believe in picking sides . I 'm not picking sides , I 'm picking my team . It 's a start . Come with us , we 're heading to the bunkers . I can 't . We have room for a few more if anyone wants to risk flying out . Have you seen D 'avin ? No . No , but I 'll keep an eye out . Well , if he heard the alarms , he 's probably booting it for Lucy . Which is where we need to be if we want to get out of Old Town before it turns into a giant crater . Stay safe . Stay you . All right , everyone coming to the bunkers , stay with me . I have to stay . Sweetie , no . They 'll need a doctor with them . We don 't even know if those bunkers will open . But we know my family 's part of the reason we 're all down here . That is not your fault . Hey , Doc , if you 're coming , we 've got to move . John . Did she say anything , my mother ? She said that she misses you . She said that she 's proud . You 're a better man than liar , Johnny Jaqobis . OFFICER : With me . Halt ! I said halt ! Hangar 's off-limits , nobody in or out tonight . Yeah , except for the giant flipping bombers heading this way , right ? All right , all right , simmer down . You 're better off in here , anyway . Safest building in Old Town . Hills , you piece of shit . Sugar , maybe dial that down . It 's not me , it 's Company orders . Not you , old man ? This is all on you ! You framed Alvis ! You gave the Company a reason to bomb the shit out of us all ! HILLS : Hey ! The Company didn 't tell me about the bombing . Not until it was too late ! You pulled the alarm , didn 't you ? Gave everyone a chance to go to ground . Your family didn 't spend seven generations here for nothing . Under that uniform , you 're still a Westerlyn first . Let us go , Hills . Or are you only brave when the Company isn 't looking ? GUARD : Sir ? AW , hell . I don 't have the stomach for this anymore . Let them go . That 's a gods-damn order ! Make it count , Killjoys . Been nice knowing you . Well , you all keep standing at post if you feel like it . Papa needs a drink . JOHN : Get everyone settled in . Hunker down and find something to hold on to . PREE : On it . Okay . D 'avin , are you here ? Quick like bunnies , grab a crate . Loose , light it up and give me satellite on approaching Company ships . We can 't leave , he 's not here . LUCY : Still no response from D 'avin . Well , then , what the hell are you good for ? Find him . LUCY : John , the bombers are almost here . Don 't say it . Dutch , he 's a good soldier . He knows to go to ground . He 's probably already in the tunnels . And if he 's not ? He wanted to leave , I said no . He would still want us to go . I 'm always telling him to have faith in you , now , we need to have faith in him . Go . Be safe , D 'av . Alright , everyone hold onto their ponats . ( SINGING IN OTHER LANGUAGE ) ( BEEPING ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) ALVIS : Welcome home , Doctor . To Westerley . ( SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE ) Khlyen 's got him . We don 't know that . The last thing D 'avin mentioned was seeing him . LUCY : John , incoming automated message from Carleen . I 'll take it in my room , Loose . Lucy ' ? Yes , Dutch ? I want to record a message . I want you to broadcast it on loop to D 'avin . D 'avin is not receiving . Shut up , Lucy . Shutting up . I know you 're out there . ( PANTING ) And I know that you 'll eventually hear me . ( MAN SCREAMING IN DISTANCE ) ( GROANS ) Fancy ? ( GROANS ) DUTCH : I want you to know we 're never giving up . Oh , shit . D 'AVIN : Qresh , Leith , Westerley . DUTCH : Wherever he 's taken you , whatever he 's done to you ... I will find you . I will find you .
