 SEAN : Americans . When the day of judgment comes , where do they seek refuge ? A shopping mall . MacDowell reckons there are 10,000 in the area . He says 5 % of ' em may be Immunes , just like us . Fifteen million American Immunes , just waiting to join the cause . NED " . Yeah , and how many of them are gonna go for your " we are the chosen " act ? It ain 't no act . Ned . It ain 't no act . Fine . Good , look , Sean , the labs are gone . The boys took care of the ones in Lisbon and Istanbul . The only cure that 's left is sitting on that Navy ship . It 's them we should be going after now . Achilles ain 't no use to us until we repair the sound matting we scraped off in the canyons . Once we 're good and quiet again , Ian will get her moving and restart the hunt for the destroyer . And I say we join him and the rest of our crew instead of mucking around in this bloody swamp . Come on , let 's kill those Navy bastards and then bugger off back to England . Have you heard a bloody word I 've been saying ? Ned , I have a plan . It 's a shit plan . - Ned . - Running from town to town , waiting for people to get the virus , and then picking through survivors looking for punters like us . - Ned . - I hate this place . The heat . We should be home living the life . And what 's he still doing here ? If it weren 't for Niels , we wouldn 't have found that doctor down the coast , and their labs . Yeah , all right . Thank you very much ! We don 't need him hanging around now creeping people out . He 's like the grim reaper . That 's all part of the plan . Niels ' special talent 's the thing we 've been looking for . That reaper 's gonna help us find more Immunes just by breathing on them . RACHEL : My lab is low on just about everything . Once I have depleted the cell cultures on hand , we won 't be able to manufacture the vaccine on the ship . - ( DOOR CLOSES ) - Anything on that sub ? No . For all we know , they 're halfway back to England by now . Keep widening the search area . Farthest on circle from point last seen , 24-hour range . Sir , if I may , to continue the search , we 're gonna burn through all of our fuel . We 'll top it off in Norfolk or Mayport . There 's a naval weapons station in Charleston . Wait , excuse me for interrupting , but it seems to me that the longer we seek out this submarine , the further it takes us off our mission . We need to rebuild the labs or find one with enough stock of cell culture . Where would you suggest we go ? Which lab ? Go on . Pick one . Phoenix , destroyed , no survivors . Salt Lake , destroyed , no survivors . Madison , Topeka , gone . Baltimore . Baltimore , which I so cleverly added to the secret lab network , gone . Florida . Everything we worked for ! Captain , you don 't think I 'm aware of this ? I have spent the last 20 hours trying to figure out why this could have happened , how this could have happened . But we need to stay on course or millions more are going to die . That sub is the mission now . We 'll find the people who did this and we 'll make ' em pay . ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ TAO , sonar , nothing on subsurface . Roger that . OLIVER : ( LAUGHING ) I can 't take this anymore . MAX : No , you got to listen . OLIVER : No , stop . Stop , I can 't . So , the first mate says to the judge , " I 'll have you know , a sailor I am not . " ( LAUGHS ) Oi ! Anything on that destroyer ? - No , mate . - Come on . Quiet as a church mouse . Just ' cause the boss is off ship ain 't no excuse to lollygag . - Keep looking . - All right . - Ned wants results . - Yeah , all right . Don 't " all right " me . I 'm a goddamned warrant officer , class two . Aye , sir . With his knickers in a twist . Shut it ! ( LAUGHS ) ALISHA : It must have transmitted to the satellite right before the attack . Have you watched it ? Only long enough to know that it was for you , ma 'am . But even from what I saw ... It wasn 't easy to watch . ( BEEP ) Rachel , God , I pray this gets to you . Listen , we 're under attack , Rachel , but it 's important that you learn this . I 've been working with the data you sent me about the cure , and I think I found a way to help , ( RAPID GUNFIRE ) using what I learned about the measles project . Now I know you think that 's crazy , but it works . I 'm sending you the data now . It 's here . - Look , I don 't- - - ( BANGING ) God ! Listen , Rachel . It 's all worked out . All you have to do is ... I just somehow pray that this file gets to you , that you get it off the sewer . - Rachel , you got to know that- - - MACDOWELL : Okay . ( CLATTERING ) Rachel . MACDOWELL : Come on now . Take it all . We need to find that sewer . - Okay , doc , stand up . - No . Please , please . ( GUNSHOTS ) Well , that 's how they were able to get the locations of all the labs . Stole them from Dr. Hunter . He was working on an experiment to turn my liquid injectable version of the cure into a powder so it could be released over populated areas via helicopters , planes , drones , even . I could manufacture a highly concentrated powder right here on the ship . We wouldn 't even need labs anymore . So people could breathe in the cure . It would be very much like crop-dusting . Mass inoculations without glassware , needles , all the infrastructure that we no longer have . Do you think Hunter was actually able to do it ? I know that he had some good results aerosolizing the measles vaccine , but I won 't know until we get down to his lab in Florida . The formulas are locked away on his computers . Absolutely not . It 's a long shot , and we 've got bigger fish to fry right now . Really ? Bigger fish ? And by that , I assume you mean revenge . By that , I mean we 're not going anywhere until we take out that sub . The men who killed Hunter , their accent , that was Irish , right ? Yes . Means the sub commander has people on the ground . Achilles was 200 miles offshore when it launched on the labs . No way they were able to slip back and forth between Florida . Dr. Hunter 's lab location was hidden on the secure server . The bastards never got the flash drive from their man . - So how 'd they find it ? - lt doesn 't matter . Whoever killed your friend is long gone by now . This is a wild goose chase . If all you care about is ... Have you forgotten what we 're all doing here ? Find the cure , save the world . Remember ? ( HELICOPTER APPROACHING ) Clear . PILOT : There 's a TAC headed to the east wing . Nathan James , Sabrehawk One leaving the landing zone . Vulture Team in place . Roger , Sabrehawk One . ( INSECTS BUZZING ) Clear . Clear . TAYLOR : More dead doctors in the east wing . Nathan James , Vulture Team . We got what we expected . Roger , Vulture Team . ( SIGHS ) He was a giant . The smartest man I knew . Ma 'am , they shot up the doctor 's office pretty good , bashed the computers to bits . I 'm so sorry . ( SIGHS ) ( SNIFFS ) I found these cultures . So at least we can continue making the cure for now . See if there 's anything in that box to help . Did you find anything that links to the sub ? Aside from how good these guys are at killing ? No , sir . Sir , they came in quiet , cut the lock at the north gate . But they left in a hurry and drove right over the flattened fence . There are muddy tracks to follow . Sir , may I speak freely ? Always . Let 's go . Sir , we 'll take Dr. Scott back to Nathan James so she can finish her important work . Come with us . Whoever did this may have already swept through Europe , and we cannot allow them to get a foothold here in America , and we can 't keep looking over our shoulder for that sub . We find them , we make it safe for Dr. Scott to finish her work . This is all the same mission now . Fair enough . But I can see it in your eyes , sir , your desire for vengeance . So I 'm asking , as a man who is never more than 509 feet from his captain , don 't let this sub become your white whale . Miller ! Cruz ! Aye , sir . Go with the master chief , get Dr. Scott back to the ship . The rest of you with me . Chief Taylor , find us a vehicle . We need to follow those tracks . Yes , sir . Let 's go . ( CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ) When you find the people who did this , Captain ... Kill them . TAYLOR : Captain , take a look . One trail ends , the other begins . Let 's see if these boats can take us where we need to go . Nathan James , Vulture Team . Over . Read you loud and clear , Vulture Team . Over . We 're approximately 29.23 north , 81.55 west . Requesting UAV fly over our whiskey with FLIR package . I want a full sweep , 50-nautical-mile radius . These guys are hiding in the swamps . I need you to find them . Over . Roger , Vulture Team . Want one ? No . - ( DOOR CLOSES ) - ( BICYCLE BELL RINGS ) Hey . - SEAN : Well ? - I love this town . Everything you hear about southern hospitality , it 's true . I met some very kind people . They gave me sweet tea . I had this little chat with the local sheriff . He says to me , he goes , " We 're all in this together . " ( LAUGHS ) It 's funny , no ? Yeah , I 'll bet . How long till they 're all dead ? Well , I 'm still quite contagious , so , you know , won 't be long now . Out of the ashes , a few will rise . Our army will grow . Brilliant . Brilliant . You see , Ned ? Do you understand what we have here in Niels ? Ned , I passed a department store , and I was thinking that maybe you and some of your friends could get some fresh clothes , improve the smell on the submarine , maybe ? ( GLASS SHATTERS ) Do you know what I think , Sean ? I think this is a dodge ! I think it 's an excuse to duck out of your responsibilities at home ! You 're afraid ! You are afraid to lead ! You are afraid of that destroyer ! And that 's why we 're stuck on this bleeding rock ! Say that again , bruv . Tell me I 'm afraid . lam culling the herd , Ned . And the pure will have a chance to join us . Those who refuse my beneficence will die along with the crew of that Navy ship . Now , you have a choice to make . Do you want to help me ? Or do you want to join our beloved mother in the grave ? Well , now you 've come to mention it ... Do you think Beyoncé 's immune ? Eh ? I mean , it 's possible , 5 % and all that . I think she 'd look rather good on my arm . ( CHUCKLES ) Don 't you think ? ( SWITCHBLADE CLICKS ) The nearest big city is St. Augustine , but they 're dark . If it were me , I 'd head inland . Yeah , but north or south , that 's the question . Sir , UAV at 5,000 feet , 30 miles north of Vulture Team . Nothing for miles . In those swamps , you 'd think we 'd get a heat signature off an alligator or something . Nah , gators are cold-blooded . In the Florida heat , they 'd look about as warm as the ground around ' em . Right . Sorry , sir . We don 't have too many gators where I 'm from . Yeah , well , my son taught me that . He hated school , but he knew everything about animals and dinosaurs . ( RAPID BEEPING ) NISHIOKA : Got something , sir . Pretty high . Could be generators , people , maybe a large campground . ( RADIO CHATTER ) SLATTERY : Nothing else for miles . Vulture Team , we have a target . UAV is picking up a large heat signature about 23 miles north of your whiskey . 30.136 north , 81.678 west . - These are our guys . - lt 's got to be . Only people within this boat 's range . Nathan James , Vulture Team . - We 're en route . Will advise . - Roger that . Let 's move out ! I need to turn our liquid vaccine into an aerosol form . And to do so , I need the proper chemical base to out with our vaccine to create a stable and dry formulation . Something that won 't degrade its potency . Powder base brings with it all kinds of complications . Which is why no one 's been able to do it . It 's utterly organic , completely simple . Missing just enough pieces to drive us crazy solving it . It 's the same shape as cyclohexane , a dry-cleaning solvent . It 's way too toxic . I have to ask . ls it possible that Dr. Hunter never solved it himself ? No . He solved it . He gave his life to tell me . Green , Taylor , Tex , take the southern flank . Lieutenant Burk , Lieutenant Bivas , you 're coming with me . We 'll circle around from the north . - Aye , sir . - Let 's move . ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS IN DISTANCE ) Some kind of safe zone , Captain . ( TRUCK APPROACHING ) ( BRAKES SQUEAL ) ( ENGINE SHUTS OFF , DOOR OPENS ) ( RADIO CHATTER ) ( MAN SPEAKING ITALIAN ) ( RADIO CHATTER ) This is not just a safe zone . There 's at least a few mercs from the Solace here . And they 're talking to the sub right now . I say again , they are communicating with the sub . Roger , Vulture Team . They 're talking to the sub . That means they 're at radio depth . Find them . Aye , sir . Searching . Can you make out what they 're saying ? Definitely radio communication , sir , but it 's encrypted . Okay , you know the drill . Yes , sir . Starting decryption now . I see three mercs on the inside . Another two behind the shed . - We can take them . - No , we wait . Let 's see where they lead us . ( SIGHS ) Ma 'am , I thought you might be hungry . How very thoughtful of you . Chicken and mushroom in a roux sauce , my specialty . Is that right ? It 's good enough for the President of the United States , so ... You prepared food for the President ? At Camp David . It was his favorite dish , or so I 'm told . - You 're having me on . - No . ( LAUGHS ) No , ma 'am . Only the best Navy cooks get to cook for the Commander in Chief . Why in heaven would you leave that job ? You got to go to sea if you want to make rank . You know , it 's an art preparing the perfect roux , especially seeing how hard it is to get fresh ingredients these days . You see , the real secret is sifting the flourjust right . Too heavy , and the minute it hits that butter , you got yourself a fritter . But you do it right , man , you got yourself a nice , rich sauce . Not too soupy , not too thick . Oh , my God ! It 's completely delicious . Ma 'am , you haven 't even tried it . I need a food base . If I can isolate it and have it adhere to the vaccine and form the micro powder ... Thank you , Bacon . Thank you ! So , you ain 't even gonna taste it ? BOY : Kick it ! Come on ! - Oh ! Great save ! - Yeah ! Yeah , he scores ! Give me something , brother . That was fun , guys . Thanks . Hey , thanks for the stuff . Appreciate it . Thanks very much . Appreciate it . That was fun , thanks . Hey , doll , how you doing ? Hey , man . They are a friendly group . Handing out clothes , food , blankets . It 's an apocalyptic love-in . All that 's missing is music and some wacky weed . Americans ? Every one of ' em . No sign of no foreign fighters . ( VEHICLE APPROACHES ) ( RIFLE COCKS ) ( DOORS CLOSE ) Where 'd you find that ? Commandeered by order of the Navy . Couple of late arrivals from out of town . No one will miss them , sir . Captain , it 's looking like a company move . They 're loading up the trucks and heading out over there . Same here . Buses arriving . They 're frisking people . Now we got a ride . Let 's follow . Even in civilian clothes , we 're gonna stand out . We need to split up . Green , Taylor , Tex , take the truck and our gear . Follow the convoy . Ravit , Burk , come with me . We 're taking the last bus out of here . Nathan James , we 're going radio silent . Negative , Vulture Team . Do not go dark . Keep contact through Green and Taylor . I say again , do not go dark . - We got a lead , XO . We need to follow it . - I say- - Chief Taylor , you 're now our rally point and our way out of whatever trouble we get into . Aye , sir . I 've got your back . BURK : Sir ? Ditching our gear and our weapons , you sure about this ? Roger that . Take off your clothes . Indistinct conversations Everybody I knew is dead . My husband , my children . Four girls . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . I 'm sure you 've got your stories . I lost my wife . And then you found us . In my case , they found me . I was just out wandering , no place to call home . I didn 't even know there was others like us . How many are there ? Like us ? Sean says there are millions . Sean ? Have you heard him speak ? Have you seen the videos ? You have to . And don 't you let that fancy accent of his fool you . I mean , he 's European and all , but he 's just like us . I 'd like to meet him . Well , it 's your lucky day 'cause that 's where we 're headed . I need to separate the myo-inositol . Are you sure you have the correct stereoisomer ? I suggest we try a corn base . Because of the phytic acid ? Myo is geometrically more stable , but chelation of the phytic acid could prevent mineral absorption into the vaccine structure . Worth a shot . Bacon ? Uh ... I 'm sorry , ma 'am . I 'm afraid you lost me . At what point , exactly , did I lose you ? About two hours ago . Well , let 's start with the flour , shall we ? We 're headed north . I have a visual of the bus convoy . I believe Charlie Oscar 's in the last bus . Roger , Cobra Team . Sir , the sub is transmitting . They 're communicating with someone on land . Still cannot break the encryption , sir , but I have a good read on the signal bearing . How accurate ? The sub appears to be holding still at radio depth . They 're not moving , sir . Mason , can you calculate a range ? Yes , sir , this broadcast has a different point of origin on land . It 's further north . We 're triangulating approximate location for the sub . Ninety nautical miles . Can 't get much closer at quiet one without tipping our hand . Nothing on passive sonar ? Nothing , sir . She 's quiet even at 30 knots , pretty much silent when she 's not moving . Calculate a position on our target . I hold the sub at this location . Nathan James is here , making five knots . We have a vector plot . At this range , here 's our dog box . TAO , hostile sub designate as Goblin One . Yeah , I 'm here , I 'm here , I 'm here . How is it ? Yeah , no , no , no , no . Forget about that . Have you found the American ship ? Not yet , but we 're heading back towards you . Your brother said- - I don 't care what my brother said , all right ? We are gonna sink those bastards . All right . Yes , sir . Now , here 's what I want you to do , okay ? XO , FIS is green . Hold active sonar until we have a solid track on the sub . Does the dog box cover the sub 's location ? Plenty big , ma 'am . As long as the sub is in that box , the ASROC torpedo will find it . SLATTERY : Okay , we only get one shot at this . Once we go active , they 'll know where we are , then they fire back . TAO , permission to shine lance searcher . - Shine lance searcher . - Shining lance searcher . Sonar , TAO , do you have an active contact ? I don 't understand . All stations , sonar . Sonar holds no active contact . - It 's not a sub . - SLATTERY : What is it ? The sonar signature shows nothing in the water . Whatever is transmitting from that spot is on the surface . It could be a radio relay , a buoy . That would explain why it 's not moving . And that 's how the sub is communicating with their people on land . Sub 's using it to mask its location . We have a solid radar track on the floating relay , sir . Okay . Very well . If we can 't use it to find them , we can 't decrypt what they 're saying , let 's not let ' em talk at all . Ready an SM-2 . MSS . TAO , kill track 5-0-2-5 with birds . MSS , aye . Kill track 5-0-2-5 with bird . Fire . Bird is away . Hello , Ned ? Are you there , mate ? Ned ? Direct hit , ma 'am . Radio signal 's dead , sir . Hello ? Oi ! Ian ! Is there anybody there ? Shit ! Uh-oh . Looks like they 're taking us to the service entrance . Taylor , Cobra . We 're splitting . Buses are headed to the main building . Find us a rally point . Roger . Here we go . Master Chief , any word ? ( SIGHS ) Three teams on an undercover mission , wandering the swamps of central Florida led by my Commanding Officer , alone and unafraid . Ma 'am , I love the Navy , but I don 't know if I 'll ever get used to this . I just pray they come back safe , and we get this vendetta behind us . They 'll make it back . They always do . Find anything useful in Dr. Hunter 's lab ? Actually ... What 's that ? Cornstarch , from the Chief 's mess . It turns out the secret ingredient that I 've been looking for was being used to make pancakes . So you found it ? Well , I have the recipe , and now all I need is to build a machine to manufacture the micro powder . So I was hoping that you might be able to lend me one or two of your capable machinists ? I think that can be arranged . MAN : Hold up . Here we go . Howdy ! Howdy ? - What ? I 'm from Connecticut . - Hmm . Whereabouts you boys come from ? Pompano Beach , baby . - Fancy pants ! - ( LAUGHS ) Well , come on . We got shit to do . Pull up around back . Pompano Beach ? Nice pull . Well , I knew a gal had a houseboat on the Intracoastal back in the late ' 90s . It was a hell of a winter . MAN " . Welcome to Seaport Marina , everyone . We got coffee , baked bread . Please , come on in . Got fresh , cool water inside , plenty to eat . No sign of Danny or Tex . Armed guards every 100 yards . Barbed wire fences , roving sentries . It 's like a fortress . Or a prison . Now , I 'm sure there are those among you who say , " Why fight ? " Why judge those who are not blessed with our purity of blood ? " Well , I assure you , brothers and sisters , that we are not the ones who brought this fight . - WOMAN : Yeah . - Right . Our bodies are immune to the virus , but not to bigotry ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Not to hatred ! You 've all heard stories of Immunes dragged from their homes ... That voice . ... by their own neighbors . I recognize it . We have the responsibility to protect ourselves . Video from Dr. Hunter 's lab . To band together ! These are the guys . For it is a fight , us against them ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Got themselves a cult . With an army behind them . ... to fight for our immunity and what we 're trying to build here . - Can you do that for me ? - ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Can you do that for rne and be a warrior ? Cobra Team , what is your whiskey ? This is Cobra Team . Tiger Team is out of sight behind the building complex . Radio silent for 30 minutes . Vulture Team is in the complex . Gonna try to pass word to Tiger Team , but Vulture has no comms . Over . Roger that . Make contact with Tiger Team . - Get me an exfil plan now . - Roger . I 'm looking for a rally point . We 'll radio coordinates . Over . Any contact on the sonar ? No , sir , but it won 't take them long to figure out who blew up that radio relay . Friends , fellow Immunes , my heart fills with joy to see you all here . What a crowd ! WOMAN : We love you , Sean ! MAN : We love you , man ! And I love you , too . Yes , I truly love all of you . And what a crowd ! And more of you , more of us , arriving every hour . We expect 1,000 by week 's end . That 's right . We 're gonna need a bigger ballroom . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) With the 700 in St. Augustine , the 1,200 in Gainesville , and the nearly 6,000 , that 's right , 6,000 , across the state in Clearwater , our ranks are growing , and we are spreading our message across this great nation ! And it all starts here with all of you , my beloved Immunes . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) NIELS : At the safe zone in the mall , I found 320 immune to my disease . - There are still ... - That 's bloody good , yeah ? ... many challenges before us ... Creepy git . - ( LAUGHING ) - ... my brothers and sisters . There are many who have not yet heard our message . That will change , my friends , because soon , we are going to New Orleans to join other Immunes so we can get our story spread out across the country . But despite our many , many successes so far , I still can 't help feel that I have failed you . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) I come here as your humble messenger , spreading the gospel of the Immunes . But if America is to rise again , it needs a true leader . - Sean , we have you ! - Lead us , Sean ! No , no , no , no , not me . Not me . I come from a different land . American Immunes need an American leader , someone who has our blood , but your American spirit . Let 's have a look at this . REPORTER : With Florida reporting the first cases of the mysterious virus that 's sweeping Europe , Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Jeffrey Michener , landed in Tallahassee this morning as head of the U.S. Response Team . From the information we have right now , we seem to have contained the virus . REPORTER " . How did the virus get here ? As I said , we don 't know how the virus landed on our shores , but we 're doing everything we can to meet the challenge head-on . My office is doing everything we can to make sure that people are safe . ( APPLAUSE ) SEAN : Secretary Michener shares our special gift . It 's the reason he 's alive and here with us today while the rest of the U.S. Government perished from this Earth . Now , I have some news for you . According to the U.S. Constitution , as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Jeffrey Michener is number 12 in the order of presidential succession . With the others all gone , well , Jeffrey Michener is your president . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) You heard me right , and when we get to New Orleans , we will install him in his rightful office , where he can create a cabinet , take control of the military , and show the world that America is back ! America has a new president , and he is one of us ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Sean , what the hell are you talking about ? You didn 't say anything about this . I told you , brother . I have a plan . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ English SDH
