 ( MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY ) He 's waking up . He 's coming to . We need to talk . RACHEL : How the hell did he survive Ruskov 's ship ? He managed to grab a life raft , washed up on the Florida coast , where a group of American survivors took him in . I don 't suppose he told them that he was contagious . No . After that , he moved from camp to camp , taking what he needed . It was either fate or bad luck that led him to the Immunes . And the labs ? Did he lead the Ramseys to Dr. Hunter ? He wouldn 't say . At least , not to me . ( SIGHS ) - So , what are you going to do with him ? - I haven 't decided yet . And he only made one request . - He wants to speak to you . - No , it 's not going to happen . He said you were having trouble nebulizing the vaccine . - Absolutely not . - He started it . The primordial started it . He perpetuated it , weaponized it . I have his blood samples . Once I see what happens to the rats , I 'll be able to find the stability sequence he used to bind his DNA to the virus . That will be the sum total of his usefulness . You said that could take months . - Captain- - - He killed my wife . And I was able to talk to him . So , unless you have a better idea ... I know he 's a snake , but if he can help , you have to talk to him . ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Come in . Mr. President . How are you feeling this morning ? ( STUTTERS ) I better get my sea legs soon . You ready to meet the crew ? And what exactly is expected of me ? Am I to make battle decisions ? You 'll be consulted on relevant matters , anything that falls under the executive branch , or anything pertaining to national security . Which , given the circumstances , touches about everything . He 's not ready . Not yet , at least . He 's come a long way in a short time , sir . And I want you to get him the rest of the way there . Be his guide , his preacher , his father , his friend , whatever he needs . Aye , sir . WOMAN : ( OVER RADIO ) Hey , do you think I could borrow some condensed milk ? WOMAN 2 : Sounds like you 're making cheesecake again . MAN : At 30 degrees ... MAN 2 : Hey , y 'all . Does anybody have extra diapers ? I can 't believe how normal it all sounds , like a functioning community . Sounds like the President 's intel 's good . New Orleans may be the safe place to go . And there 's been no word about an Immune army gathering . Nothing about Immunes at all . Well , if they think we 're listening , they might be communicating another way . Bullet missed all my major organs . Perhaps I have nine lives . Like a cat , no ? Or like a cockroach . ( SCOFFS ) ( GRUNTS SOFTLY ) Dr. Scott . - You wanted to see me . - Yes . Well , I mean , it seems congratulations are in order . You found a cure . Well , I 'd be lying if I said that it was easy . Well ... Strictly scientifically speaking , I found your work to be rather impressive . The way you fused your DNA to the virus . If nothing else ... It was elegant . Thank you . It was never my intention to spread it . It 's important you know that . Niels , I 've been working on this idea of nebulizing the cure . And I 'm having a little bit of trouble . So I was just wondering if you 'd be at all curious to ... Take a look at my research . So you want to hear about the life of a gun for hire . - Yeah . Capping oil wells in Kuwait . - Hmm . - Babysitting third world princes . - TEX : Wow ! ( CHUCKLES ) I mean , you even have a worst ? Oh , he was at Gitmo for 18 months . Ouch . Yeah , I got my stories and the scars to prove them . - Ah , give me some of that . - I 'd show you , but there 's a lady present . ( SCOFFS ) Pig talking . All right , sweetheart , what 's the worst you ever seen ? You call me " sweetheart " again , I 'll make you eat that pathetic pair of nines you 're holding . - ( LAUGHING ) - Oh , wow . - ( SIGHS ) You 'll never know . - Hang on . Answer his question , worst story ever . What makes one war worse than another ? Death is death . - Bet you 're a riot at parties . - Don 't even get her started . - Raise you five . - Okay , we raise . What do you think , Burk ? Do I have the goods ? - ( SIGHS ) - NIELS : And what am I looking at here ? RACHEL : This is the vaccine compound before nebulization . And here it is , after it 's been sprayed into the air . Yeah , it falls apart . Have you tried reducing the particle size ? I 've considered it , but then it wouldn 't be heavy enough to drop into the lungs . And you 're sure the physics are sound ? Dr. Hunter worked it out . Julius Hunter . You must have heard of him , from Palm Coast . Um , only by , uh , reputation . I 've thought about adding an extra component to the outer coat to prevent the vaccine from drying out . Yeah , it would need to be ... ( EXHALES SHARPLY ) Particularly resilient . Precisely . Well , what about anthrax , you know ? It 's strong enough to survive for decades in any environment . One epidemic at a time , Niels . Right , right . Probably best . What we need is an environment that 's been untouched by the pandemic and yet severe enough to promote adaptive activity in bacteria . ( INHALES ) How about water ? That 's just what I was thinking . Mussels ? Freshwater mussels , to be exact . Mussels carry bacteria , and in order to survive harsh environments , the bacteria adapts . To do this , it protects itself with a sort of intracellular suspended-animation chamber called spores . Now if I could get my hands on some of those spores , I could add their proteins to the outer coat of the cure , making it hardy enough to survive the nebulization process . This is Niels ' bright idea , right ? No , it 's mine , actually . I led him to it , and he ... He played ball . So we find you a bunch of mussels , and you 'll be able to aerosolize the cure ? Not quite . I still need Niels ' stability sequence . - Which he hasn 't given you . - I haven 't asked him yet . And if he doesn 't give it up ? Well , then I 'll have to do it the slow way , by which time millions more people will be dead . But for right now , I really need those mussels . So where exactly do we find them ? The closest freshwater lake is here , sir . St. Andrews Bay , about a mile inland . Good . We 'll get the mussels and be back by sundown . I want this ship close to shore , somewhere the sub can 't and won 't dare go . OOD , recommend course 3-4-7 . ALISHA : Very well . Helm , right ... - TAO bridge . - ( PHONE RINGS ) TAO . I want the all-clear for our landing party . Anything on subsurface search ? Negative , sir . All 's quiet . We can support the landing party with the .50 cals and the 25-mike-mike . CIWS is in air , ready . Very well . ( ENGINE RUNNING ) ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Attention on deck . At ease . JETER : This is the finest mess decks afloat . If you can dream it up , our chefs can whip it up . Mr. President . Bernie Cowley , Culinary Specialist , second class . I 'm happy to prepare anything for you . Gosh , urn , I don 't know . What did you have for lunch ? Uh , you don 't want my diet , Mr. President . Nothing but grilled vegetables as of yet . ( CHUCKLES ) But for you , name it . Well , uh , let me see . I got prime rib , chicken Cordon Bleu . Well , it all sounds so , so very good . I just ... - I don 't know where to start . - Mr. President . Sorry to interrupt . Uh , Lieutenant Mejia , ship 's navigator . We 're honored to have you aboard , sir . Just wanted to tell you I 'll do whatever I can to make this ride as smooth as possible . Well ... Actually just came down here to say hello to everyone . Um ... I think we have to get to that briefing now , don 't we ? Yes , sir . ( PANTING ) I 'm walking around a ship full of 20-year-olds who know exactly what they 're doing at all times , on a mission to save a country that 's barely recognizable . And me , Mr. President , I can 't figure out what to eat for lunch . Sir , how many people did you have working under you when you were secretary of HUD ? I know where this is going , Master Chief , but the last time I made a decision ... The last time you made a decision was yesterday , sir . When you decided to move forward . And I 'll tell you this , the Navy 's been studying leadership since 1775 . Between the Captain , the XO , and myself , we have 67 years ' experience . Leaders aren 't born , they 're made . And we all believe in you , sir . Just give yourself time . - ( CLATTERING ) - ( SIGHS ) I 'd like to have a plan as to how we 'll engineer the spore protein into the vaccine once the mussels arrive . I was thinking perhaps a stabilizer , very much like the one that you used to bind your DNA to the virus . Oh ... The real reason I 'm here . You know that viruses don 't like to be tinkered with . They 'll loop out any added foreign genes , and somehow , Niels , you managed to sidestep the recombination process . Yeah , well , it was so long ago , you know , and I tried so many ... ( EXHALES ) I mean , honestly , Rachel , who can remember these things ? You know that I took samples of your blood while you were recovering . You 're not really going to make me truffle this out myself , are you ? Someone special ? ( WHEELS RATTLING ) No , not particularly . It 's an old computer . Never got around to changing the screen saver- - He is a handsome fellow , no ? So , what I 'm mostly interested in is the- - Doesn 't really seem like your type , though . Not much going on upstairs . I suspect that you tired of him quickly . You see , I remember this about you . Dr. Rachel Scott , always the smartest person in the room . The unstoppable force in search of her immovable object . Am I right ? DANNY : All right , perimeter sweep first . Check for survivors . Once the marina 's secure , we look for keys to something with wheels . ( CLATTERING ) We got a runner ! ( GATE CLATTERING ) United States Navy ! Come on out , I 'm not going to hurt you . ( CREAKING ) It 's okay . You 're okay . You can take off your mask . I 'm not sick . Neither are we . ( GUNS COCKING ) Hey . Easy . All right , easy . Nobody has to die today . That 's right . You 're worth more alive than dead , anyway . Hey ! - ( GUNSHOT ) - ( CLACKING ) - Hold your fire ! - ( GUNS COCKING ) - Don 't be stupid , kid . - Ray ! What do we do now ? Ray . BURK : Put the guns down . Ray ! ( BREATHING H EAVILY ) Lower your weapons . ( WEAPONS CLACKING ) CRUZ : Come on . Back against the wall . We 're not going to hurt you . What did you mean when you said we 're worth more alive than dead ? Wolf and Cruz went to the lake to gather the mussels for Dr. Scott . They should be back soon . And they won 't tell you who set the bounty ? No , sir . It 's got to be the Immunes , right ? ( SEAGULLS CAWING ) I understand you 're the man . Tom Chandler , Captain , USS Nathan James . Ray Diaz , sophomore . - What 's this ? - lt 's what leaders give each other . You find yourself in a Navy bar , and of legal age , that 'll earn you a free drink . ( CHUCKLES ) There 's no Navy , no law , and no bars . Other than that , this will really come in handy . Cut him loose . Let 's you and I have a talk . These are good . You mind ? ( DOGS BARKING IN THE DISTANCE ) My son 's a huge comic book fan . Goes to conventions , whole nine yards . Not anymore . So , what 's his story ? During the outbreak , he crashes his car trying to save a town from the virus . Wakes up , realizes he has superpowers , but can 't remember who he is . He uses his powers to help stranded people get home , even though he can 't go home himself . And where are your parents ? Dead , we assume . We were at the summer camp up the coast when the virus hit . ( SCOFFS ) One by one , counselors bolted , trying to get to their own families . We stayed until we ran out of food , and no one ever came for us . And the bounty on my people ? A few days ago , these dudes in trucks showed up . - Were they American ? - Yeah , of course . They said , uh , the Navy was going around offering the cure , when really they were injecting people with the virus . - You believed ' em ? - Didn 't surprise me . There 's all kinds of conspiracies going around . That the government was behind the plague in the first place . Anyway , it doesn 't matter what I believe . - They were offering food . - And guns . Look , man , nothing against you and your people , but I got mouths to feed . Well , there is no conspiracy , and we do have the cure . Matter of fact , we have enough doses for every one of you . What I need from you is help finding these bounty hunters . If the cure is real , then what do these people have against you ? They 're a cult , naturally immune to the virus . They see the cure as a threat to their beliefs . If you help us , we 'll bring you aboard our ship , find you a safer place to settle . I mean , how do we know we can trust these guys ? - What else are we going to do ? - Come on . ( CLAMORING ) Permission to speak freely , Captain ? I don 't like putting these kids in the middle of our fight . They 're already in the middle of it , Lieutenant . Immunes saw to that . Rest assured they 'll be on the ship and out of harm 's way as soon as possible . What about reprisals ? We don 't know how far the Immunes have spread . Dropping them somewhere else now could be just as dangerous . We have the mussels , Captain . We should leave now before the Immunes ever find out we were here . We 're over 300 miles away from their camp in Florida , and yet somehow their reach stretches here . We have to find out how they 're doing this . It 's a deal . You give us food and shelter , we 'll give you the bounty hunters . - Good . - Only one condition . I stay and fight with you . Absolutely not . In six months , I 'll be old enough to enlist and fight alongside you . Besides , you can 't do this without me . Nobody knows this place better than I do . And you still need me to tell you how to signal the bounty hunters . Give me the lay of the land . ( SEAGULLS CAWING ) How can she work with that creature ? I can 't even look at him without seeing my brother dead in my arms . I 'm just praying he does something stupid so I can shoot him . So , this is the spore sequence right here . Fascinating , isn 't it ? The way it 's regulated . This bacteria , when it needs to turn into a spore , it uses DNA scissors . NIELS : DNA scissors . Yeah , I 've heard of this . This is like a crisper system . Exactly . So , we 'll use this to add the spore protein into the vaccine . Of course , we 'll still need something to hold it in place . I don 't remember the stability sequence . I don 't . I told you , I wish I did . I don 't . ( RAPID BEEPING ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Come in . You wanted to see me , sir ? I understand the mission on land is going well . I may drop by the combat center to watch for myself , if that 's all right . Of course , Mr. President . Anything else , sir ? The intel you found at the White House , I 'd like you to bring it to me , along with any debriefs related to the Immunes . Absolutely , Mr. President . All yours . That 's the only road in . There 's a perch right there you can scout from . You 'll see them long before they see you . Look , these guys are packing some major firepower . They had guns I didn 't know existed , and I play a lot of video games . Well , we don 't have to worry about that . We 're bringing a Navy ship to a gunfight . We need intel , which means we 'll need prisoners . Copy that . Hey , Tex , have you ever killed anyone ? Yeah , I have . - Cool . - ( GUN CLACKING ) No , it isn 't , squirt . - Ask him , Jake . - Yeah , I got it , Cody . Hey , we were wondering ... Maybe you could ask the Captain if he 'd let us stay and fight . He said yes to Ray . ( CHUCKLES ) Not a chance . ( WHIRRING ) Scat teams are manned and ready , sir . - CIWS ? - Set to auto-fire on . Status of the RHIBS ? Loading PAX now and will notify when inbound . Music to my ears . Watch your step . Be careful . I got the rest of us loaded up on the other boat . All right , thanks , Jake . Everybody 's accounted for . Good to go . Good job . Let 's go . ( ENGINE RUNNING ) It 's been three whole days . Niels ' blood 's been coursing through their veins . How the hell are they still alive ? The virus has to be somewhere in his body . He was using it to poison those teddy bears . The virus must have adjusted inside of him , migrated exclusively to his lungs . That 's why he 's so contagious . Probably happened months ago , at the beginning . Then it 's hiding out in there , below the radar of his immune system , along with his stability sequence . Which he may not even remember . Oh , he remembers . It 's his shining bloody achievement . ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) - How are you feeling ? - ( GRUNTS ) Your doctor here thinks I need rest , but , uh , I 'm actually anxious to get back to work . ( NIELS SNIFFLES ) Can we have a moment ? I 've identified the conserved core sequence in your stabilizers . You have ? I recognized the same 20-base pair on both sides of the virus . The odds of that happening in nature , as we both know , are next to impossible . So , I took that as your brilliant handiwork . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , you 've eliminated a few trillion possible combinations . ( CHUCKLES ) Can I ask you something ? Yeah . I just think about what you went through , working to find the cure and fighting your own infection and the self-imposed quarantine on the Vyerni , literally isolated , with no human contact , in this bubble , and ... I guess what I 'm asking is , do you ever get lonely ? Yeah . God , I know my situation isn 't nearly as difficult , but ... There are some times on this ship ... Well , no one who understands me and this ... Unsolvable puzzle . And now , being ... So close to the very mind that created it . ( SOFTLY ) Perhaps you were right . Perhaps my immovable object is closer than I thought . ( EXHALES DEEPLY ) It 's the three-prime end . Pardon ? The , um , conserved core element you found , it 's the very end of the stabilizer sequence . You just go upstream from there , and the entire sequence is yours . ( RACHEL BREATHING HEAVILY ) Status report . - Green 's good to go . - Hired gun ready and waiting . - Taylor , rock and roll . - Burk and Bivas , good to go . CIC standing by to support , sir . All right , Ray . This is it . So , how were you supposed to signal the bounty hunters ? ( SHOT FIRED ) What the hell are you doing ? Come on , I hand this to you , I 'm on the next ride back to your ship and you start the party without me , you can 't bench me now . Watch me . Now , I don 't plan to lose this fight , but this door opens , and it ain 't me , tell those assholes you shot the flare and try to collect the bounty . Bad move , Ray . Hey ! Come on ! All teams be aware , Ray is still on land . I say again , Ray is still on land . He 's locked in the trailer . ( RADIO STATIC ) TEX : Guests of honor are arriving . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) ( EXPLOSION ) ( RAPID GUNFIRE ) Come on , kids . Hey , where 's Cody ? He wanted to stay and fight . And you let him ? You let him ? Captain , Cody wasn 't on the RHIBS . Jake covered for him . I 'm Oscar Mike . Got to go find Cody . All teams be advised . Captain is out of pocket . Keep an eye out . Can we get a fix on them ? Can we triangulate ? Cody ! Burk , I read two tangos falling back up the road . We 'll try to capture them alive ! Cody ! 25 mike-mike has hostiles in range . KARA : Batteries release mount 2-5-2 . SLATTERY : TAO , prepare mount 5-1 for fire support . KARA : Aye , sir . Cody ! ( RAPID GUNFIRE ) - ( RAPID GUNFIRE ) - ( GROANS ) WOLF " . Clear to move , Captain . BURK : Tangos captured . Copy that . DANNY : Guys , I 'm taking heavy gunfire up here . Hostiles are 20 yards north of my whiskey . Give me a fire-control solution and engage . Cobra team , stand by for one round inbound . - ( CLACKING ) - ( GUNSHOT ) ( GUNFIRE CONTINUES ) ( EXPLOSION ) Can 't find Cody anywhere . BURK : Look in the cannery . That 's his go-to spot . KARA : Surface , TAO . Adjust 10 yards east . Fire one round . - ( WHIRRING ) - ( BLAST ) Cody ? ( DOOR CREAKS ) ( GUN COCKS ) Gotcha . Bosses want you alive . Unless you put up a fight . Please ? Put up a fight . - ( CLICK ) - ( GASPS ) ( GROANING ) TEX : Tango is neutralized . We have prisoners as requested . Repeat , tango is neutralized . Find what you were looking for ? The mussels . Oh , ( STUTTERS ) yes , they were a tremendous help . Thank you . I 'm sorry to hear about the boy . And what about Niels ? I think we 're on the verge of a real breakthrough . Well , then don 't let me slow you down . Can 't blame the Captain for what happened to Cody . I can 't blame anyone . That 's the point . - Hey . - What ? What do you want from me ? Nothing . - Never mind . - Good . ( CLACKING ) I was stationed in the West Bank for three years , another two in Gaza . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Thought I 'd seen everything . Then this pandemic broke out . And I thought , you know , maybe now we have this common enemy . We even have this cure that we want to give to people . Maybe , just maybe , we 'll stop killing each other . But nothing 's changed . It 's all the same . ( SIGHS ) CHANDLER : We captured three Immunes . They were all carrying these . You ever see any of Ramsey 's people use one ? I didn 't realize cell towers were up and running . They 're not , Mr. President . We haven 't picked up a signal in months , and none of these phones have a single call or text . But they were charged . They 're using them somehow . You said they were trying to set up a communication network . - This must be it . - SLATTERY : Our techs are on it . ( INHALES ) Meantime , we 're going to lean on our prisoners . See what else we can get out of ' em . This is good work . But if we 're going to win this war , we need a plan . First order of business , show our fellow Americans that we aren 't the bad guys , despite the lies that Sean Ramsey 's spreading . Once in New Orleans , we inoculate the survivors . We make it clear that the American government is back and that we 're on their side . The survivors , mostly likely , are living off-shore on boats . We need an evacuation plan in case the Ramseys are closing in . By now , those boats may have exhausted their fuel supplies . So I suggest that we stockpile fuel from local stations ... ( SPEAKING INAUDIBLY ) ( HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ) We got some intel on a safe zone not far from here . Could be a good place for you and your people to resettle . Helo 's warming up . I was going to check it out . Want to take a ride ? I knew Cody was amped up to join the fight . He never would have stayed behind if I 'd gone along like you said . There 's an old saying . " Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm . " Being a leader is not about being perfect . It 's about weathering the storm and carrying on . I just want to go home . I know , son . ( SIGHS DEEPLY ) We all do . Feel better ? Yes , thank you . My arm was really bruising . ( CHUCKLES ) You know , there was much times on the Vyerni when I thought about a moment like this . Did you ? Well , I must admit , we 're quite a team , you and I. A team with cause for celebration . We solved our nebulizing problem . Yes . Well , I mean , we still need to find a factory , somewhere we can mass-produce the powder . And we need planes , lots of planes . You know , I always wanted to get my pilot 's license . Actually , we don 't have need for any of that . No planes . No factories . No powder , even . I don 't understand . How do you want to spread the vaccine ? Well , if you think about it , you were able to kill 5 billion people simply by breathing . So , the key to transmission lies within you . If I could teach healthy lungs to hold and reproduce the cure the same way yours do with the virus , well , then I could- - You could make the cure contagious . Of course , the trick would be understanding just how your body does it , to be able to compare the DNA sequence change between yours and the primordial . - You have my blood samples . - I do . The problem is , is the virus . It resides exclusively in your lungs , as we both know . That 's the reason why it 's so contagious . So , what do we do ? You want to take a biopsy ? No . No , no . No . See , that wouldn 't work , because it 's likely in the deepest recesses of your lungs , mixed in with thousands of other innocuous viruses , so what I 'm going to need to do is just flush out the poisonous one . Flush it out ? How ? Well , you remember those brilliant little DNA scissors ? Well , they 're not only capable of adding a gene . They can also remove one . So , I 'm going to undo what you did . I 'm going to separate your gene from the virus inside your body . ( LAUGHS ) I 'm sorry , but that would never work . Well , yes , actually , it will , if they have identical stability sequences on either side , and ... ( SIGHS ) You gave me yours . That would kill me . The gene would be liberated , and the virus would explode out of your lungs and into the rest of your body and , well ... ( CHUCKLES ) There 's just so much of it . If you think I would just allow you to- - I mean , you are completely insane ! I 've already done it , Niels . The virus is doing its work as we speak . ( CLACKING ) O 'CONNOR : What 's going on in there ? The people on this ship will sleep better tonight , knowing that it died with you . MILLER : Dr. Scott , are you all right ? I helped you . Yes , you did . MILLER : Dr. Scott ! You 're going to help all of us . ( GASPING ) ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ English
