 ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) DOCTOR : We have the medication on hand , but we have to act fast . I said , no . Now , please , leave us in peace . DOCTOR : Reverend Scott , malaria 's treatable . Hello , Rachel . DOCTOR : If you don 't let me help , your wife will die . RACHEL 'S DAD : I have faith . Only the Lord decides who lives and dies . ( BEEPING ) ( WHIRRING ) ( WHIRRING AND BEEPING ) ( HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ) PILOT : Viper Tower , Saberhawk One . Five miles off your port quarter , inbound . OFFICER : Saberhawk One , Viper Tower , radar contact . Wind , 3-4-0 and 1-0 . Altimeter to 902 . XO , winds are in the envelope . Requesting green deck . SLATTERY : You have green deck , OOD . HCO Tower , you have green deck . ( BELL RINGS ) Nathan James , returning . OFFICER : Saberhawk One , you are cleared for green deck . Saberhawk One , we have you at 20 feet . Down . Down . Down in the trap . Amber deck , amber deck . Hmm . ( BELL RINGS ) ( BUZZER BUZZING ) Sir , Nathan James is on course 290 at 25 knots . The ship is approximately 187 nautical miles from New Orleans , and holding at 80 miles off the Gulf Shore . Thank you , Gator . Make sure Ray finds his way back to his friends . Aye , sir . You hungry ? I hear they 're serving pizza in the mess . Pizza ? I don 't even remember what that tastes like . Tastes like pizza . No go on the safe zone . Run by good people , but there 's not enough of them , and they 're starting to hear rumors about the immunes themselves . Can 't risk leaving a bunch of teenagers there . They 'll be our guests for now . How we looking with those prisoners ? They 're still not talking yet , but they will . Meantime , something came up while you were gone . Usually does . Niels is dead . How ? All three doctors concur . Bad reaction from the blood transfusion we gave him for that gunshot wound . I 'm having Garnett finish up the OPREP , but seems to me it 's just an unfortunate situation . Or not so unfortunate . You all right ? It seems that the sudden influx of antibodies from the vaccinated blood donor caused a massive immune response . And the breakthrough you were talking about with the muscles ? This gonna derail your progress ? We 'll make do . In the meantime , I 'm preserving whatever I can from Niels ' organs . Make the most of what he left behind . And the rest of him ? We 'll burn the corpse before disposing of it . Make certain he doesn 't infect anyone else . ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) You ain 't even got a granola bar ? - No . - Ugh , come on , man ! This is cruel and unusual punishment . Now , you got no right keeping us here like a bunch of dogs . ( GRUNTS ) Good morning , dirtbags . I 'm here to remind you that you 're enemy combatants in the custody of the United States Navy . You can either live out your lives in this little box here , or you can cooperate . You ain 't even fed us yet . Flea . Cell phones . The ones you had on you when you charged the marina . Even got one off of your dead pal . First , we thought you were using them to talk to each other . Who brings a dead phone to a firefight , right ? Hmm . But no signal . Yeah ? Weird , huh ? You know what else is weird ? There are no text messages on these phones . No music , not even any selfies . Looking at your ugly mugs , I can see why . So the question is , who wants to tell me why you 're all carrying these bricks around ? Hmm . All right , well , there are three of you . Sooner or later , one of you is gonna want to see sunlight again . And whoever that is , we 'll be ready to deal . Split ' em up . I 'll be back in a couple hours . MAN : Sir . We 've been able to determine that the New Orleans civilian fleet is moored right about here , near the southern tip of the Mississippi Delta , just off Garden Bay . Far enough out to be safe from the virus , close enough to land for supplies . I designed the disaster-response plan to include tankers and barges fully outfitted with solar and biodiesel power , stocked with enough food to last a minimum six months . Any idea how many vessels they have , sir ? I never saw it completed , but the plan was to have enough for 5,000 to 10,000 people . We 're not in range yet , sir . But from radio intercepts , that sounds about right . Immunes or non-immunes ? Survivors , just like us . SLATTERY : Assuming they get their sound matting repaired , you think that sub 's still heading to New Orleans ? It 's the closest high-population area , if he 's still planning to build his army . And if he knows we 're going there ... Well , I know Sean Ramsey well enough to know he doesn 't like to lose . He 'll be looking for us . Best way to know what Ramsey 's thinking is to crack the network on those cell phones . No luck from commo , sir . I 've asked the snipes to take a look at the phones ' circuitry . Captain , once we get to New Orleans , will we have enough doses to inoculate all those people ? Hopefully , we won 't need doses by then . If Dr. Scott 's aerosol works , we 'll be able to drop the cure from the sky . ( GROANS ) ( BEEPING ) You 're not working on the aerosol ? I was thinking we 'd try a different direction . But why ? We 're so close . Niels himself was so efficient at spreading the virus . If we could replicate that mechanism in everyone , we could make the cure contagious . Do you think that 's actually possible ? He was host to an infinite collection of mutated versions of the virus . If we could pinpoint which mutation allowed it to concentrate in his lungs , we could re-engineer the vaccine to do the same . And we can get that from his lung tissue ? ( WHIRRING ) I believe we can . What do you need me to do ? Relax , Miller . This is just a formality , just so we can put this to bed . You told me about Dr. Scott and Bertrise . What about Doc Rios ? I think he was still in medical bay . Bertrise ran over some supplies from him to Dr. Scott . GARNETT : What kind of supplies ? Some medical stuff . Needles , IV bag , drugs . - And then she left ? - Yes , ma 'am . Now after that , Dr. Scott stepped out to empty the trash , then changed Niels ' IV . A couple minutes later , he collapsed . He bled out like ... Well , like the people we 've seen die from the virus . GARNETT : Miller and O 'Connor 's statements concur . Niels was getting better before they changed that last IV bag . That 's not coincidence . - Who changed the bag ? - GARNETT : Dr. Scott . But Doc Rios prepared it , and Bertrise delivered it . Before we jump to conclusions , let 's get all the evidence . We conduct this investigation like everything else we do . By the book . ( DOOR CLOSES ) RACHEL : You see ? I 'm almost there . I 've narrowed it down to the following three mutations . I 'd like you to compare them to all isolates of the virus- - Excuse me , ma 'am . Rios , Bertrise , Doctor , I 'm sorry , but I 'm gonna have to ask the three of you to stay away from each other and the lab while we conduct our investigation . But they didn 't do anything wrong . It 's not about wrong , it 's the best way to gather the facts . Ma 'am , as a matter of course , we are required to collect everything in connection with Niels ' death . Be my guest . ( CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING ) MAN : That 's right . They just got some fresh produce off one of them boats down at Governor Nicholls Pier , so we 're gonna make some jambalaya . Y 'all come on by . Voices from New Orleans ? They 're all alive , thanks to him . We just received our first images of the New Orleans fleet , sir . I 'd say there 's 50 or so vessels , but it 's hard to be certain . - Anything on sonar ? - No , sir . That sub is still out there . The Ramseys are not giving up that easily . - Keep looking . - Aye , sir . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) I 'm just saying . It would be a pretty big deal if somebody offed him . Would be , yeah . ( CHUCKLES ) Not exactly murder , though , is it ? More like an execution . Is that what they 're saying ? Well , that 's what I 'm saying . How about you ? I 'm reserving comment . Very political , mate . Well , you know what they say . Loose lips ... Water 's out in the women 's . I need a shower . Well , don 't mind us . In your dreams , Dundee . But you can keep guard for me right out here . If you 're not out in three minutes , I 'll send in a rescue party . - Be gentle . - ( SCOFFS ) I 'm just gonna finish up here , and I 'll be out of your hair . ( WATER RUNNING ) Guess this isn 't the place . What place ? Where people have sex . People don 't have sex on the ship . - It 's against regulations . - ( CHUCKLES ) RAVIT : Have you seen your TAO ? What is she , 15 , 16 weeks pregnant ? That was a mistake that they both have been punished for . Come on . Two hundred sailors cramped together . Where does it happen ? Boatswain 's locker , maybe ? Hey , look . I told you . There 's no sex on the ship . ( CHUCKLES ) - Fan rooms ? - Nope . - Sonar spaces ? - ( LATHERING ) I hadn 't thought of that . But no , no. lt doesn 't happen . Such strict policy , and everybody 's so determined to follow the rules . ( INHALES SHARPLY ) It 's a shame . Mmm-hmm . We 'll be in New Orleans soon . Hmm , well , if there 's no sex on the ship , get out . - Huh . - ( WATER RUNNING ) Some people say it 's the ship 's medic or some new doctor you guys pulled off a hospital ship . Good money 's on Dr. Scott . From what I hear , whoever offed that dude deserves a medal . Do me a favor . Don 't talk about it . In fact , that 's an order . - Yes , sir . - And you . Captain said to show you around engineering as long as you 're stuck on the ship . I can bounce you at any time . So just watch and learn . ( BEEPS ) What are we missing ? Four phones , no texts , no photos , no missed calls . Wait a minute . Do you have Deadman on that phone ? ( CELL PHONE BEEPS ) Yeah . Do you want to play ? Deadman , sir . That is how they 're communicating . - A game ? - lt only looks like a game . In reality , it 's a text-messaging app . One specifically designed to access the phone 's Bluetooth system , turning it into a walkie-talkie . Let me show you . Lieutenant , are you in position ? Standing by . Chung is stationed outside CIC . As you know , there 's a maze of P-ways between him and our current location . You may proceed , Lieutenant . Sending now . ( BEEPS ) ( CELL PHONES BEEPING ) " Your turn . " How do I read it ? - Hit the " guess " button . - ( BEEPS ) We 're still trying to crack the code , sir . No cell network , Wi-Fi required ? No , just Bluetooth . But it only works over short distances . What 's the range ? They can send or re-send messages or even videos as long as they 're within 90 yards of the next phone . Making it virtually impossible for us to intercept out here at sea . Yes , sir . Ramsey sent the order to the immunes across the state of Florida . That means a cell phone every 90 yards over 300 miles ? I 'm not sure how they 're doing it , sir . That would explain how they 're spreading their message . They 're building a network . I understand they call you Flea . My XO tells me you 're the smart one . Yeah . I know stuff . You want to negotiate with someone who can make real decisions . Yeah . You the captain ? lam . And this is the President . FLEA : Jeff Michener . I thought you looked familiar . - Have we met ? - No . But I seen them videos . CHANDLER : Let 's talk about those videos . And the phones you used to send these messages . That one 's yours , right ? Hey , man , I don 't want no trouble . You killed a kid , Flea . You 're already in a world of trouble . No , I had nothing to do with that . That was all Billy . - You 're gonna swing for it . - But I 'm telling you , it wasn 't me . ( SCOFFS ) I didn 't want nothing to do with him . Not at first . But I 've been living alone out there for way too long . And the shit that I 've seen , it got me thinking that maybe this virus isn 't the worst thing that 's come along . Flea . I don 't have to tell you the consequences of murdering children in this country , but you 're in luck . As President , I have the ability to issue a formal pardon . You tell me how the code on your cell phone works , maybe we can work something out . Honestly , this is starting to get ridiculous . SLATTERY : Hmm , well , you 've been aboard long enough to know that everything we do has a procedure . If we 're under attack , we call general quarters . If we strike an iceberg , we set Condition ZEBRA . And if somebody dies on the ship , we do an OPREP followed by an investigation . Yes , but I already spoke to Commander Garnett . Yeah . She sent it up to me to sign off . Protocol . So , the captain is aware of this ? He ordered it . Well , then , I 'd like to talk to him . Captain 's not permitted to talk to material witnesses during an ongoing investigation . Also protocol . Listen , Mike , I hear everything that you are saying . I really do . But I am on the verge of a major breakthrough . And every minute that I 'm not working is a minute- - I hear you , too , Dr. Scott . Nevertheless , I have to do this . The more you argue , the longer it will take , so ... ( SIGHS ) Tell me again , when did you first notice Niels take a turn for the worse ? Sir , we fished an IV bag out of the trash . The tube still had the blood on it from when Niels ripped it out of his arm . And ? Every bag prepared in the medical bay should have the patient 's name , medication , and Doc Rios ' signature . This one didn 't . So we 're no better off than we were yesterday . I 've cleared Dr. Milowsky . He 'd been out of the lab for six hours and was seen in the mess decks during the time of death , which is why I 've asked him for a full work-up of the IV . That still leaves three people with means , motive , and opportunity . Lord knows they had the motive . Still , seems crazy to think that ... Sir , according to Miller and O 'Connor , Dr. Scott got the bag from Bertrise , stepped out to dump the bio-waste , then changed the IV . CHANDLER : And you think the bag Rios made is in that dump , that she gave Niels a different bag ? No way to prove it , though . The original bag will be at the bottom of the ocean . Let me know as soon as the results come back from the IV test . Aye , sir . Mr. President . ( DOOR CLOSES ) I get the feeling you don 't need to hear the test results . ( SIGHS ) No , sir . I don 't think I do . ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) Milowsky , have you seen my ... What are you doing with my computer ? And what exactly are you so curious about ? It 's a sample of Niels ' DNA with bursting scars , which is only possible if his genes were literally torn from the virus . Did you introduce DNA scissors to the bloodstream , preventing him from protecting himself from the virus ? There are a dozen explanations for what you 're seeing here . You know full well that even I couldn 't find any signs of that deadly cocktail in the IV bag . Jesus , Doctor . You 've put us all under suspicion . I 'm under strict orders not to have any contact with you . Could you take your computer and please leave ? You know , even without this evidence , all fingers are pointing to you . ( SIGHS ) So ... If you 're planning on doing what I think you are , I suggest you do it soon , before they lock you out of the lab . Fuel at 85 % , fresh water at 92 % . Engineering logs are ready for your review . ( MOUSE SQUEAKING ) ( BLOWING ) PASTOR " . Most merciful Father , we beseech Thee of Thy infinite goodness and ask You humbly to carry the spirit of our beloved friend safely to Thy kingdom . She is with You now , dear Lord . DOCTOR : I know that nothing makes sense to you right now , Rachel . And I know that you 're angry . Use that anger to change things , to fight for something you believe in . ( MOUSE SQUEAKING ) Hiya , spark . Tex . We 're getting close to The Big Easy , so I was wondering if you want me to bring you back - a stiff Bourbon Street cocktail . - ( SCOFFS ) Most people have been avoiding me since this witch hunt started . Well , it 's a tricky situation . Being , on the one hand , the most popular person on board , and , on the other , the most radioactive . Comforting to have that clarification . ( CHUCKLES ) You Okay ? Yeah . ( BREATHES DEEPLY ) You 're not gonna ask me the question that seems to be on everyone 's minds ? ( CLICKS TONGUE ) I don 't know much . I do know this . Wouldn 't be here , no one on the ship would be here if not for you . So , me ? I wouldn 't change a thing about you . Oh , you 're ruthless , baby . That 's why we 're alive today . ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Hey , guys . That was outstanding . Hey , good on y 'all . Here you go , man . What the hell are you saying to people ? I didn 't say anything . JETER : Sir , from what Miller and O 'Connor reported , the crew not only suspects Niels was murdered , they also believe senior leadership condoned it or even ordered it . ( SIGHS ) Please continue . Sir , the officer of the deck sends her respects and reports the approaching hour of 12 : 00 . All chronometers have been wound and compared , and she requests permission to strike eight bells on time . Permission granted . Thank you , O 'Connor . Your crew needs your permission to tell what time it is ? It 's a tradition . One of the many , that keep a ship running safely , and maintaining good order and discipline . You summoned me . I was hoping to get an update on your progress . Well , I have a new plan . I was able to isolate the mutation in Niels ' lungs that make him so contagious . And I introduced it to my vaccine . I injected myself with it about an hour ago , and then I breathed on an infected mouse , the same way that Niels used to breathe on people as a way to kill them . If this works , if the mouse survives , in effect , I 'll be able to breathe the cure onto people . And so will anyone else that I give this new shot to , which means that we won 't need any more labs , any more infrastructure , or planes . ( SIGHS ) All our problems will be solved . Except one . Did you do it ? ( LAUGHING ) on , God . Are you really asking me this ? That 's exactly what I 'm asking you . The man who killed 5 billion people , including your wife , and most of your crew 's family is dead . And now his lungs are gonna be used to save the rest of the people on this planet- - - God damn it , Rachel ! - Yes , I did it ! And I 'd do it again in a heartbeat . I saw you a half hour before I left the ship . You told me you were on the verge of a breakthrough . I was ! But you didn 't tell me you had to kill Niels to do it . I was hoping to avoid getting blood on your hands . I already have blood on my hands . - You put it there . - ( SIGHS ) Do you know how I do it , Rachel ? How I keep this crew together ? After they 've risked and lost so much ? You know how I 'm able to ask them to travel further with me , not knowing if they 'll survive ? Every task we perform , every ritual we adhere to , reminds us that we haven 't lost who we are . It reminds us that everything we do matters . Every decision , every action . So your code is more important than doing what 's right ? You don 't get to decide what 's right ! That 's why we have codes . I looked into the eyes of the monster who stole everything that I held dear to me . And I thought , " I 'm gonna take the lungs of the man who nearly destroyed the human race , " and I 'm gonna use those lungs to save it . " I didn 't have to kill him to make the breakthrough . I could have got exactly what I needed and spared his life . But as I witnessed that virus do to him what it did to so many , as I watched his last noxious breath leave his body , all I could think of was that he died too quickly . ( BELL RINGING EIGHT TIMES ) It 's noon . We have her confession . And she 's been confined to quarters . I 've informed the officers , Master Chief has briefed the crew . What 's the feeling on the ship ? Well , she is the one who discovered the cure . And if what she 's saying now is true , that the cure is airborne and contagious , it would be a miracle . So , the crew wants leniency . Not all , but most . Emotions are running high . I don 't have to tell you it 's no fun making an unpopular decision , even if it 's the right one . So , what are you gonna do with her ? I haven 't decided yet . ( MOTOR HUMMING ) MILLER : That is an amazing sight . Indeed , it is . JETER : Sir , Cobra Team is out ahead , running point , scanning the coastline for Bluetooth communication . So far , all clear . No sign of immune activity . That 's a good sign . - ( INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ) - ( DOOR CLOSES ) ALISHA : POTUS on the bridge . New Orleans civilian fleet coming into view , sir . CHANDLER : Well done , sir . ( BEEPING ) Hang on , fellas ! This thing 's starting to chirp away . FLEA : Something 's coming through . What 's it say ? Now , hang on . We had a deal . I get off this boat . You decode that message , or you 're off the side in pieces . Hey , we had a deal . Do it , dipshit , or I swear to God we 'll throw you overboard . Go on , do it . Hurry your ass up . Hey , it 's an old phone . The letters are small . ( BEEPING ) Now you hit " guess . " Okay , here it comes . - ( CELL PHONE CHIRPS ) - lt says , " They 're here . " That sounds like an action order . Nathan James , this is Cobra Team . Recommend all stop . We just intercepted a signal . I say again , I recommend you do not proceed inshore at this time . They know that we 're here . OOD , all stop . OOD , aye . Helm , all stop . CIC , this is XO . Anything on sonar ? Anybody around ? We 're getting a lot of noise from the moored vessels of the flotilla . - I want SCAT and lookouts fore and aft . - Aye , sir . - Gator , radar search 360 degrees . - Aye , sir . Surface , ready all weapons . Sonar ? It 's generators humming , music , mechanical sounds . It 's just a pile of clutter . I- - Detonation ! God , no . Set general quarters . JETER : General quarters , general quarters . All hands , man your battle stations . The route to general quarters is up and forward to the starboard side , down and aft to the portside . ( SIREN WAILING ) TAO , what 's the target ? Where are they ? I can 't tell , sir . We 've got ... I don 't know . There 's too much noise . - ( BEEPING ) - Hydrophone effects , port bow ! Torpedo inbound , bearing 1-9-0 . Bridge , emergency tango , bearing 1-9-0 . 8,000 yards . Hard left rudder . All ahead flank three . 7,000 yards , bearing 1-8-9 . Helm , hard left rudder , all ahead flank three . - Deploy countermeasures . - ALISHA : Aye , sir . Lookouts deploy ASW countermeasures with the turn . MAN " . ADC in the water , starboard side . Torpedo at 4,000 yards on course for impact , two minutes . The sub 's there , it 's in the debris field now . They 're hiding under the boats , using the noise to mask their position . If we send a torpedo down that bearing , it could wipe out any survivors . We can 't fire into a sea full of drowning civilians . MASON : Second torpedo incoming , same bearing . First torpedo , 3,000 yards . - Shift your rudder . - Helm , shift your rudder . MAN : ADC in the water , portside . Now three , now four torpedoes incoming . One minute to impact . Recommend course 0-3-0 back to open water . Negative . We 'd never make it . Steady course 2-0-0 . We 're going through the canal . Helm , left standard rudder , steady course 2-0-0 . Get us out of here ! - Recommend streaming Nixie , ma 'am . - No time . 500 yards ! 400 yards ! We 'll never outrun those spearfish . We gotta distract them somehow . Recommend firing the 5-inch into their path to create noise confusion , divert the torpedoes . Let 's give them more than that . Ready to 5-inch , CIWS , all crew-served weapons and portside chaff . - We 'll give them a full broadside . - KARA : Aye , sir . On my mark , hard right rudder . First torpedo , 200 yards . 30 seconds to impact . Now ! Hard right , hard right , hard right ! Surface action to port , fire 10 rounds at 2 miles . All weapons and chaff at 1-9-5 . Fire ! Fire ! It 's working . TAO , hold your fire . KARA " . Holding fire , aye . Countermeasures successful . No damage . ( BEEPING ) The last torpedo has reacquired ! Brace for impact , portside ! We 're hit ! ( SIREN WAILING ) ( INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ) Sir , DC Central reports hull intact . DANNY : Nathan James , do you copy ? What 's your status , Cobra Team ? DANNY : Sir , I have eyes on sinking vessels , civilians in the water . Request permission to stay back and render aid to survivors . Do what you can . But be advised , hostiles are still in the water . We cannot provide support . Copy that , sir . We 'll watch our own backs . Your goddamned people . I ... I didn 't know ! I swear , man . I had no idea . Captain , we 're blind here . Sonar 's out . Roger . Contact engineering , get them working on it . Sir , we 're entering Pass a Loutre , out of the range to the sub . GATOR : Request permission to send out lead lines , sir . Permission granted . People dying out there , drowning , burning to death . Our recon team will do what they can . But we can 't go back , not with Ramsey sitting out there . ( BEEPING ) Sir , we 're being hailed on the WQC2 . ( BEEPING CONTINUES ) This is Captain Chandler . SEAN : Hello , Tommy . Given up on the Secret Service ? Hope you enjoyed the fireworks . My boys worked hard on them . You just sent 10,000 people to their deaths . Stop hiding behind civilians . You want to fight ? Come out and fight . Let 's go . You against me . SEAN : Oh , It won 't just be me , Captain . You see , the number of your enemies is about to multiply . ( BEEPING ) GATOR : Someone 's accessing the immune cell phone remotely . ( CELL PHONE BEEPS ) It 's pairing with mine . Put it up on the screen . MAN : What the hell is that ? Hey , quick , grab the shot . It 's a Navy ship turning . ALISHA : The footage has been edited , sir . You can see the cut right here . They 've reversed the sequence of events to make it look like we fired first . CHANDLER ' . And then the flotilla explodes . Someone went to a lot of trouble to make us look culpable . The range on these phones is 90 yards . And yet , somehow , we received this video 10 miles from the shore . Whoever did this was an expert both in communications and computer engineering . They hacked into the emergency-alert system , and reprogrammed it to work with Bluetooth . That 's how it paired with my phone . And likely every other working phone in Louisiana . Judging from the data we 've collected , it 's possible that this signal reached as far north as Ohio . So , now the whole country thinks that we 're the bad guys . CHANDLER : Valkyrie . Is there anyone you met at the hotel or elsewhere that might have been able to pull this off ? No . I don 't think so . Find out how they boosted that signal and everything you can about this Valkyrie . I don 't even know where to start . ( SQUEAKING ) The mouse survived . We have a contagious cure . Are you certain ? Everyone who 's already vaccinated will just need a booster to carry it . But after that , once we get to a city that 's densely populated , every hand we shake , every cheek we kiss , every child we hold in our arms , it will spread , just like a common cold . That 's great news . I honestly didn 't expect an enthusiastic embrace , but ... I just watched the best hope for a fresh start sink to the bottom of the ocean . And now the whole country thinks we 're the enemy . And without Niels to put in front of the world , I have no way to fight the propaganda war to come . So excuse me if I 'm not feeling more enthusiastic . ( SIGHS ) I 'm sorry for the position that I have put you in . ( SIGHS ) From now on , you 'll be allowed to do your job in whatever capacity that may require . After that , you will return to your quarters . No access to the wardroom , mess decks , CIC bridge , any communal place on this ship . - Tom- - - l 'm not finished . As a commander in the United States Navy , I 'm not authorized to sentence you for your crimes at sea . But if we ever find a safe place to make port , I will turn you over to civilian authorities , and you will answer for your crime . Is this really what you want ? This has never been about what I want . ( SIGHS ) ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) English - SDH
