 ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) WOMAN : Who 's that guy with Johnny ? I don 't know where he came from . Just washed up here this morning . WOMAN " . Washed up from where ? MAN : No idea . You know , he 's got a funny accent , but I don 't think it 's Russian . Russian ? Yeah . Didn 't you see the writing on the boat over there ? WOMAN : Well , at least he 's not sick . ( PIANO PLAYING ) BURK : Got the hard drives , sir , and everything we could find in the situation room . - You ever been here before ? - Once , sir . Sixth grade field trip . - I don 't think we made it this far . - ( DOOR OPENS ) Compound is cleared , sir . No sign of life . - And the bunker ? - Impenetrable . And no answer . ( HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ) ( RADIO CHATTER ) MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) Wheels up and outbound . Will notify on approach . Over . ( INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ) The lab in Baltimore proved to be as valuable as we had hoped . We 've been able to get it up and running in a matter of days . As of today , more than 10,000 doses have been manufactured , and word has spread up and down the Eastern Seaboard . Every day , trucks and boats arrive in Baltimore to pick up new doses and distribute them to the populace . We are transporting 12 other doctors and scientists to the naval base in Norfolk , Virginia , where we hope to find pilots and planes and determine whether or not there are functioning labs to mass-produce the cure . SAILOR : I got the hard drives . MASON : Over here . CO wants them encrypted ASAP . How 's morale in here ? All hands are holding up best they can , sir . I think heading to Norfolk has everyone feeling hopeful and anxious . Your mother 's in Kansas , right ? Actually , I managed to convince her to move to Norfolk last year . Well , I 'll make sure you get out with one of the first ground teams . I never did get a chance to tell you how sorry I was ... Am about your wife . Thank you . I imagine you 've been wondering how we 're gonna handle CIC now . We 'll need a new TAO to replace Commander Barker . You up for it ? Absolutely , sir . How are you feeling physically ? Fine . No side effects whatsoever . Old rules say you can 't even be at sea after 20 weeks . I understand . If you think it 'll be a problem , Kirkland can do the job . He 's ready . You 're more qualified . That still wins the day . But I 'm going to expect more from you . I won 't let you down , sir . JETER : Thanks , Doc . I 'm feeling better every day . - That is the general idea . - ( CHUCKLES ) - How 's she doing ? - Physically , she 's fine . Getting out of that bay and facing the crew , that 's another matter . Think I should talk to her ? I don 't think she wants to talk to anybody . - Not even you ? - Not yet . - Keep trying . - Yes , sir . Better hit pay dirt in Norfolk . Running low on just about everything . Including sailors . Can 't keep sending Green and Burk and Cruz out in the field shorthanded . They 'd never say it , but they are fried . And how about you ? I 'm the only one with my family here . I think I 'm doing just fine . Moment of truth 's coming for a lot of people . Hey ... You can 't trust anything Norris told you . Deer Park could be completely untouched . Yeah . It 's a safe zone . MASON : ( ON RADIO ) XO , Com O. Go for XO . We managed the decryptions from the White House . At your discretion , sir , I think you should see this . Aye , aye . On our way . CHANDLER : According to this map , the hottest zones are on the coasts . Makes sense . They 're the most densely populated areas . - How about Norfolk ? - Zooming in . 70 % infection rate . GARNETT : When is this dated from ? Nine weeks ago . Do you see any trends based on those days ? At first glance , no . I 'll do a full analysis . I should be able to extrapolate from the size of the cities and the date of impact how fast it 's moving and what the situation might be now . We also found a file labeled " SECNAV . " it 's a video file dated September 9th . - We haven 't reviewed it yet . - Play it , please . SECRETARY : ls this on ? Can I start now ? MAN : Yes , sir . - US Navy is currently on a mission ... - lt 's the Secretary of the Navy . ... to find the materials for a vaccine to combat the current deadly pandemic . Now , if you 're viewing this video , you are a part of the new network of facilities in the United States and certain foreign nations which were chosen to produce and distribute the vaccine in the event their mission is successful . In order to protect the security of the labs in the new network , your locations have been kept secret . However , you 'll be able to communicate with the civilian command , with each other via secure satellite connection . The codes for that connection have been embedded within the drive that contains this video . These codes have to be guarded at all cost . - If and when a vaccine arrives ... - No one 's decoded this yet ? No , sir . We didn 't know those encryptions existed until just now . CHANDLER : Find me those labs . - Do it quickly . - Yes , sir . Godspeed . - How many of you are there ? - What kind of power source do you have ? And what 's the condition of the surrounding area ? This is the lab in Lisbon . They 're fully operational . That makes four in the US , two in Europe . KARA : Yes , sir . And how many are dark ? Nine international , 13 domestic , including Norfolk . Dr. Scott , I have Dr. Hunter in Florida . That 's her mentor from Yale . Dr. Hunter ? ( GASPS ) ( VOICE BREAKING ) Yes , it 's me ! No , it 's just ... It 's just ... Hearing your voice . We 've got Salt Lake . That makes five . RACHEL " . Yes , I am alive . Not only am I alive , we have a cure . TEX : Twenty pounds in 20 days ! That 's what the X0 said . Float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . Move the feet ! Move the feet ! Come on ! - ( GRUNTS ) I can 't . I can 't . - ( BOTH LAUGH ) Ah , you did good . You did real good . ( PANTING ) on , man. on . Attaway . Good workout . How are you , ma 'am ? - Amused . - l 'm serious . I got to get down to regulation weight . I meant with your trainer . Mmm-hmm . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , I haven 't seen you since Baltimore . I heard rumor that you were still with us . Yeah , well , when I heard you were headed south , I figured , " Hitch a ride , go by water . " It 's faster , and the food 's much better . That 's bullshit . You care for these people more than you choose to admit . Oh , easy , killer . You don 't have to get so lathered up about it . I 'm not lathered . Just saying . You 're glad I 'm back . Curious to know why you left in the first place . Be mildly intrigued to know where you went off to , who you went off to . But that , I suppose , would be a lot of questions . It 's a lot of questions . She 's my daughter . Last I heard , she was in Jackson . How old is she ? Fourteen . Lives with her mother . Haven 't seen her in three years . We 'll be near Jackson soon enough . Yeah . I think I 'll take it one day at a time . Hey , Doc , I 'm ever in the ring , you can work my corner . Tex . Yeah ? Thanks for telling me . Yeah . JETER : As you know , we will be landing soon in Norfolk . We 've put out a call over ham radio and shortwave for pilots . The hope is , with planes , pilots , scientists and doctors , we can get the labs in America , and possibly even overseas , up and running and getting real distribution of the cure . Also be sending out six land teams with a twofold mission . Find survivors in the general population and find our families . Those with loved ones in Norfolk will be assigned to the sectors corresponding to their neighborhoods . For those who lived elsewhere in the country , we can only promise your time will come soon enough . That 's a SEAL . Signal back . SLATTERY : I see more SEALs . You make out any pilots ? CHANDLER : Yes . Yes , I do . MAN : Secure that line ! ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) DAMON : Me and my team were stationed up in Little Creek . When shit went down , we went inland . We only made it back here a few weeks ago . We got 34 military personnel in town , as far as we can tell . Some Army , some Marines , but mostly Navy . Our intel says there 's a biosafety level 4 lab on base here . There was , but the equipment got moved someplace , and no one here can tell us where . We 've been trying to divide the city into sectors , impose a level of control . We got people holed up in different safe houses , school gym , supermarkets , some of them even running on diesel generators . I don 't know if we found them all yet , but we 're still in the process of clearing the city . My people are about to head out there soon , try to find their families . Any information I can give them ahead of time will be much appreciated . Captain says the SEALs didn 't recognize any of the names on the list . Had to figure that , right ? It doesn 't mean anything , ma 'am . How you doing ? - Nervous . You ? - Terrified . CHANDLER : We have labs , we have scientists , and we have you . We get this right , with our ship covering the south , and everybody spreading not just the cure but the knowledge of how to make it , we can turn the tide , not just here , but in Europe and then the world . We 've all waited a long time for this day to come . It 's here . DAMON : All right ! Let 's saddle up ! ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) ... requesting clearance on runway 1-3 . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) I can 't ever thank you enough . Just do your part . ( INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER ) ( CHEERING ) Dad did this , Sam . Dad made this happen . Damn right he did . ( SIGHS ) Land teams ready ? As they 'll ever be . Move them out . Aye . - Mike ... - Yeah ? Good luck . Thanks . ( ENGINE TURNS OVER ) Everyone 's looking for their families . I guess I 'm lucky . I already found mine . And now she 's gone , and all that 's left is what she became . This situation brings out the worst in people , but it also brings out the best . Part of me wanted to just stay in Baltimore , try to help repair that place . But how could I , after what she did there ? Your place is here , with your shipmates . Kara ? My own bunkmate won 't even look at me . After what my mother did to her ... Well , maybe she just doesn 't know how to talk about it , because I can tell you , no one here blames you . I know that you 're supposed to say that , but we walked into that mess because the captain put his faith in me . No one 's harder on himself than the captain right now . It 's not just on you , you know . ASHLEY : Once you get your bait , you 're just gonna want to stick it on the hook right here . This is , like , a little magnet that the fish get attracted to - ' cause it looks like another little fish . - AVA : Cool , cool . They 've already bonded . Everything moves a lot faster in the apocalypse . ( CHUCKLES ) I suppose that 's right . I hear you 're determined to stay here in Norfolk . Oh , if it 's safe . I think we 've had about enough of water and ships for a while . Hey , Ashley , give me a turn ! ASHLEY : No , stop , Sam . JED : Hey , hey . Come on , kiddo . Come on . Hey . Use mine . What do you say ? Some things never change . - ... cheese . - ASHLEY : Cheese ? How do you think they 're holding up ? They don 't really talk about it . The main thing is that they 're with you now . That 's what makes them feel safe . AVA : Oh , hey , Mom , come here . DANNY : Cobra team sweeping sector four . MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) Copy that , Cobra team . Lieutenant Green , we got three survivors here , inoculated . Sending them back to base . DANNY : Yeah , copy that . We just cleared Second Street . ( BABY CRYING ) Let 's go . Come on . DANNY : So , this is where she lives ? Let 's do this . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Oh , ma 'am , ma 'am , let us clear it first . - His car 's gone . - MAN : This side 's clear . Go for vantage point ! Vulture team approaching Deer Park safe zone . MAN : ( OVER RADIO ) Roger that , Vulture team . SLATTERY : Let 's spread out . Clear the perimeter . MAN : Over here . We 're clear ! It 's pretty musty . It doesn 't feel like anyone 's been here for a while . KARA : Looks like she went through all the booze . She dated it . It 's from six weeks ago . - DANNY : What 's it say ? - She 's at the bowling alley on Hancock ? Well , she was always chasing men around . Maybe she met someone hot in the bowling league . DAN NY : Yes , either that , or it 's a safe zone . WOMAN : Here , eat this . Then we 'll get you a place to sleep . ( CHILDREN LAUGHING ) Excuse me . I 'm looking for a Debbie Foster . - Debbie ... - Debbie Foster . Debbie ! Debbie . Kara ? ( CHUCKLES ) ( SOBBING ) Mom ! ( SOBBING ) Kara ! ( BOTH LAUGHING ) How did you get here ? Where have you been ? My ship . ( CHUCKLES ) We have the cure . What ? We have the cure , Mom . - ( BOTH LAUGHING ) - The cure . ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) CURTIS : Hey . Hey ! Hmm ? Hey . Why ain 't you sick ? Hmm ? You 've been sleeping in that diseased sleeping bag almost a week now . - Diseased ? - Yeah , man . The sleeping bag . Guy died in it two hours before you got here , from the virus . Why ain 't you sick ? Well , I suppose I have to ask you just the same thing . DR. HUNTER : ( ON COMPUTER ) We haven 't had any contact with anyone from Washington since September . How are you holding up ? Well , besides the fact that the whole world is dying , I haven 't left this compound in four months with the same six people- - Well , it seems like we might be seeing you sooner than we thought , now that there 's no lab here . Copy that , flier 2 . Salt Lake has landed ! ( ALL CHEER ) Any word on Phoenix ? Arrived at the lab at 16 : 46 , sir . Topeka group settled in their lab , sir . Still waiting on confirmation from Madison . - And in Europe ? - Radio range is weak , but you can see the beacons . The thing is , I seem to have lost track of Michael . I don 't suppose he 's reached out to you ? He said that he might . I did hear from him , uh , but that was months ago . Where was he ? In China . MASON : Madison has reached the lab . ( ALL CHEER ) Still in China . He was covering the story there , which was horrific . - Was he gonna try to get out ? - / encouraged him to . ( STAMMERS ) Believe me , Rachel , i ... - But I don 't know . - MASON : It 's getting closer to Lisbon . We are doing it , Com O. We are making it happen . Yes , we are , sir . DR. HUNTER : I 'm so sorry , Rachel , and I know what he meant to you . Vulture team approaching the tents . No sign of human life so far . TEX : XO , you 'll want to look at this . Where did you find this ? TEX : In the other tent . Show me . Right here . Why did they leave ? Why did they all leave ? The only thing I can think of is , somebody got exposed and everybody just took off . ( GASPS ) ( SIGHS ) ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Can you believe I haven 't had a drink in five months ? I saw all your bottles gone . Thought maybe it went the other way . Not a drop . Deb , I just heard. ls it really true ? It 's the real thing . We tested it on ourselves . This is Peter . I 've told him all about you . - Hi . It 's nice to meet you . - Hi . You , too . You know your mother 's the glue that holds this place together ? Seriously . Come on , let 's get you in line . That is not the woman you described to me . I know . It 's amazing . I noticed that you introduced me as your friend . I didn 't exactly know what to call you . I mean , " boyfriend " doesn 't quite cut it . What about the baby ? You 're not gonna tell her about that ? Can 't . Because she 'd ask you to stay ? Because if she asked , I might have to say yes . JETER : So far , our teams haven ' t met any resistance , and we just got word . Yates , Heller , and Moralez found their families . So that makes four . Lieutenant Foster is determined to remain with the crew on mission , but the others would like your permission to stay here , to help with the ground effort . My permission ? They are still under enlistment . But they don 't want to leave their families . No , sir . And they didn 't think it was feasible to bring them on board . Like their captain ? We never did clarify what our position was going to be on that . That 's because I haven 't known what to do . ( PHONE RINGING ) ( GROANS ) Tell them we thank them for their service , and we 'll ring them off as soon as they 're ready , with full honors . This is the captain . ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) Heard you were back . Yeah , come in , sir . - I went by my house . - Hmm . Garage door was open . Bill 's car was gone . There were clothes and suitcases everywhere , so I figure , maybe they left in a hurry ? I was hoping they fled somewhere , you know , early on , but then I went by St. Vincent 's to check the records . There were piles of them , just mounds of paper sitting on a gurney . ( VOICE BREAKING ) lt was so surreal , seeing their names there on that paper . I mean ... I don 't know what I expected . You know , why I 'd be special , why I 'd be spared . ( SOBBING ) ( CONTINUES SOBBING ) MACDOWELL : And let me tell you something else , - we are more than just survivors ! - ( ALL CHEER ) We are more than our grief . We are more than our loss , and we are more than our pain ! - ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) - Yeah . MACDOWELL : We were spared for a reason . We were spared because we were put on this earth to do something more ! - ( ALL CHEER ) - Yeah ! We were spared because we 're special . ( ALL CHEER AND APPLAUD ) Because we are the rightful inheritors of the earth . ( CHEERING ) This is our destiny ( LAUGHING ) because we are the chosen ! We are the chosen ! ( CONTINUES CHEERING ) He says there 's others like him all over the country , like missionaries . MACDOWELL : We are the chosen ! OFFICER : Clear ! Come on , kids . It 's all right . Now , remember what your father said . One duffel bag 's worth . TEX : They could still be out there . You were a cop , right ? A detective ? So I should just abandon the mission , CO and the crew ? The captain would understand . Talk to him . He knew his family was alive , and he turned away to serve the mission . Lost his wife because of it . I can 't bring this to him . You want to stay . I want a lot of things . CHANDLER : I 've been doing a lot of thinking , about everything . There 's some stuff I didn 't tell you . Some things that happened to our crew while we were out at sea . There are people out there who want the cure so badly , they 're willing to do anything for it , including kill . As long as Nathan James is leading the mission to spread the cure , our ship will be a target . And it is not a safe place for you . And I can 't put my crew in a position where my own judgment might be affected because I 'm thinking about how to protect you instead of the mission . - So you 're leaving us ? - No . Absolutely not . I 'm resigning my commission . I 'm gonna stay here with you . There 's plenty I can do for the cause here on the ground , and I 'm not gonna leave you again . It 's a promise I made to you , and I 'm not gonna break it . So , we 're staying here in the house . Well , the Jennies are up . SEALs will be here soon to secure the area , the whole town 's getting cleaned up , and with the cure now , it 's time to rebuild . We 'll be safe here . Sounds like your mind is made up . It is . Well , I guess we should start to unpack , then . ( SIGHS ) Morn would never have wanted you to come home before you finished your mission . - Ashley- - - She wouldn 't have wanted you to give up . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Let 's hear it for O 'Connor for getting the power back on ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) Thank you very much . ( CHUCKLES ) Let 's go , Romeo . Let 's go . - We got to be going , Mom . - I know you do . Just tell me you won 't be living in this bowling alley when I get back . I think I 'll go home . Might have left a mess there , if I recall . - You did . - ( BOTH LAUGH ) lam so proud of you . You , too , Mom . You , too . Ma 'am , it was very nice to meet you . You take care of my girl . And the baby . You think I don 't see ? I 'm your mother . I 'll be back in a month , six weeks tops . Gonna be puttering around all day ? Just getting the place in order . Well , I thought you might just be , uh , procrastinating 'cause you don 't know how to go back to the ship and tell that crew of yours that you 're quitting . Do you not realize that they can 't do it without you ? What kind of message are you gonna send to them ? That you 're , uh , George Washington and you 've come back to work on your farm ? You think because you got a lab in Baltimore and six planes with the cure that everything 's in hand ? The world is in chaos . There 's a lot more to do . And that crew is trained to do it , with or without me . - They need you . - And they don 't ? And what if I don 't come back ? I 'm gonna make my kids orphans ? You think you 're the first soldier that had trouble leaving their family behind ? Huh ? During World War ll , English naval captains put their wives and children in bunkers in London and went back out to sea to fight the Nazis for years . Wives and children , Dad . The wives were there . I know you , and I know you 're beating yourself up , but if you 're looking for someone to blame , blame me . I should have never let her go to that town . So cut the shit and quit laying this guilt trip on yourself . There 's no time for it . Whether you like it or not , you 're Noah and that ship is your ark . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) I told your mother we would not be here without you . That 's still true . These were given to me by the captain on the Pinckney , after my tour in Iraq . ( STAMMERS ) Sir , I can 't . Those words are not spoken around here . I 'm promoting you to full lieutenant for your valor , for your loyalty . Attention to promotion . Lieutenant Foster . Raise your right hand and repeat after me . I , Alisha M. Granderson ... I , Alisha M. Granderson ... - ... do solemnly swear ... - ... do solemnly swear ... KARA : ... that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States . ... that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States . You don 't have to say anything . I 'm glad you 're still with us , Mike . You didn 't think about staying with them ? It 's all I thought about . You mean I could have had my first command ? CHANDLER : There 's a vacant house right next to mine . The SEALs will be there , guarding the area , rebuilding . My father will be there . That 'll be good for the children , to be so close . And of course , I 'll look in on them . Thank you . Means a lot . Be safe . You , too . Talking about a Navy ship came home with a cure , about planes flying across the country with scientists . I don 't understand . How are you hearing this ? I told you before , Curtis , we have people everywhere . Well , there have been a lot of rumors floating around like that . None of them have ever been right . It 's not a rumor . Who 's that ? What did he say ? The ship with a cure , it is not a rumor . The only question is , uh , what are you prepared to do about it ? English SDH
