 MAN : ( ON RADIO ) We got two more bodies coming out of the water . Look like children . Aw , hell . MAN 2 : Roger that . Confirmed at this time . Anyone within range of Pier 2 , we need fire and rescue . We got a large craft fire . Dozens of folks still inside . WOMAN " . We need to find my daughter ! Her name is Anabelle . Please ! WOMAN 2 : We can 't find them ! Their boat just blew up ! MAN 3 : Please come quick ! Oh , God ! Oh , God ! Oh , God ! OFFICER : This is New Orleans PD , Sergeant Truitt . I need all security teams to check in now , all hands . We need to know your status . MAN 4 : Roger that . It 's bad . Oh , man . Look what the Navy did to us . Turn it off . ( VOICES STOP ) What 's the status on sonar ? Sir , the torpedo blast ruptured several pipes in sonar 's cooling skid . It 's fixable , I think , but not quickly . Heading into open sea with no ears and no idea where that sub is prowling , that 's suicide . And now , New Orleans burning , and we can 't do a damn thing about it . Pardon me , Mr. President , sir , recommend using our helo to drop passive sonobuoys at both entry points to the canal . Remote sonar , sir . Acts as an early-warning system until we get sonar back up . That 'll buy us some time . First hit on the buoys , we go to quiet 2 , hunt that sub . ASTAC , TAO , load passive buoys . Till then , we repair the sonar . Let the land team do what it can do to help the people of New Orleans . - Aye , sir . - Understood . I want those buoys onboard . Get that bird in the air . Cobra team , give me a sitrep . DANNY : Sir , we 've been working through the night , pulling out survivors . We got at least a couple dozen wounded here on the beach . We 're doing what we can , sir . Any sign of Ramsey or his people ? Negative , sir . These people are not immune , and they don 't know what hit them . - Stay away ! - Hang on . - No ! Don 't get me sick ! - We 're not sick , okay ? Look , you 're hurt . Let me help you . Come on . Hey , Cletus ! Don 't just sit there ! Move your ass ! Washed up in the debris were parts of a limpet mine . Looks like it was attached to the hull of a sailboat . Help is on the way . So , Ramsey 's people set bombs all over the flotilla , just waited for us to show up , set them off . Continue search and rescue and report . Sir , we 're getting another broadcast . Play it , please . People of the surrounding area , my name is Sean Ramsey . I 'm a lieutenant commander in the British Royal Navy . I came here as an ally of your United States Navy , but that was before I learned the truth . - ( CELL PHONE BEEPS ) - Shock . You breathe easy . Take care of her . The release of the deadly virus by your military , and the subsequent government cover-up . By now , many of you will have seen the horrible video captured by witnesses on the scene . The US Navy ship that attacked New Orleans harbor was flying the American flag , but it doesn 't represent you good people . That ship is a key part of a larger conspiracy to take over this country , and it won 't be stopped until you are dead and a New World Order is established . I know it 's heartbreaking and ... " New World Order , " that 's a good one , bruv . Difficult to believe . I thought so . But soon , you will have more evidence of the US Navy 's role in creating the deadly virus . That is why we have created this mobile network to get out the truth . Valkyrie working all right ? Broadcasting perfectly , sir . And all the data 's been uploaded . We Brits have not forgotten our special relationship with America . The signal 's coming from land , sir . It 's like the Bluetooth , but somehow boosted to go long-range . You don 't need the Deadman app to hear it ? No , like the video of the flotilla blowing up , all anyone needs is to turn on their phone to pick up the broadcast . I 'm still not sure how they 're doing it . SEAN : And to the captain of the USS Nathan James , who has kidnapped the American president and wreaked havoc on this great nation . Hear this . We are coming for you . You cannot hide from justice . No matter where you go , there will be no safe harbor . ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ I 'm sorry to add to your workload right now . I could 've gone to Doc Rios , but ... I don 't know . Something weird about getting a pregnancy checkup from the HMC . It 's a welcome distraction . Rest assured , everything 's completely normal . With you , anyway . It 's just ... I want to be useful to the ship . For as long as I can . I understand the feeling . Oh , God . I 'm sorry . ( CHUCKLES ) Not at all . Thank you . For everything . MAN : Attention on deck ! Sir . Am I interrupting ? No , sir . I 'm back on duty in five minutes . Very well . How ready are you to get your new version of the cure out into the world ? As I mentioned before , as soon as we safely land in a highly populated area , anyone carrying the new , contagious version will be able to spread the cure via close contact , a handshake , or a hug . If each of us carries the cure to even two people , who then pass it on to two more people , we 'll start a chain reaction that even Ramsey won 't be able to stop . You said you injected yourself with the contagious cure . Does that mean you 've already spread it around the ship ? Unfortunately not . People who were previously inoculated will need boosters . We should start the process , then . The contagious period is only five to eight days , according to my models , and ... With all due respect , I believe it would be best to wait until we 're certain we 'll be on land . Fine . Captain . Oh , God . Looks like the Ramseys got more off our secure servers than just the location of our labs . He 's dumping all the details of the government 's response to the outbreak , carefully redacted to make it look like a conspiracy . This one caught my eye . - " Project Bluenose " ? - SLATTERY : Mmm-hmm . Bluenose , the Navy calls a sailor who 's crossed the Arctic Circle . Sir , that was the code name for our mission to get the primordial virus off the ice . Though this is the first I 'm hearing of it . Bluenose was secret even to us . Except , the way Ramsey tells it , our mission wasn 't to find the cure . It was to weaponize it . That 's the problem with top-secret missions . They invite conspiracy theories . He 's counting on that , sir , mixing truth and lies and spreading it over his network to turn the American people against us . And he 's got help . That 's the same logo that appeared in the video of the New Orleans attack . Whoever 's running Valkyrie knows what they 're doing . They 've gone beyond simple text messages from phone to phone . This is a vast network . The sub 's running low on weaponry , and they 've missed us twice . Now counting on civilians for help . So we get into the network , and we shut it down . No , commander . We take over the network , use it to get our message out . Ramsey 's already told everyone that I 'm a prisoner aboard this ship . Get me on that network and I 'll talk directly to the American people . Once they hear the truth about me , about you , and about Sean Ramsey , we 'll turn America against him , and we 'll have the sub greatly outnumbered . MAN : Let 's go , guys . Grab that water . - MAN 2 : Help who you can . - Let 's get these people some help . You keep eyeballing my sidearm , I 'm gonna poke your damn eyes out . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) Other people are coming in from the New Orleans flotilla . They got water and food for the survivors . Good . We could use the help . Do you know if they 've seen the video ? I don 't think so , sir . TEX : I haven 't picked up another broadcast , but the network is humming . Funny thing , signal doesn 't change no matter which way I point it . I 'm telling you , the signal keeps moving depending upon who 's got the closest phone . You got people in New Orleans ? Any other immunes on your network ? No . It 's my first time outside of Florida . ( BEEPING CONTINUES ) Signal 's definitely stronger here . It ain 't me . ( BEEPING QUICKENS ) And stronger . Stronger . ( RAPID BEEPING ) There . Signal 's at 100 % . KARA : Okay , people , I need a status report . Sonar , any contacts from the sonobuoys ? No , ma 'am , with the sonar down , we 're getting everything relayed to us from the helo through ASTAC . - So far , quiet . - Surface . No contacts . Cobra team , Viper , move to next coordinates . MAN : ( ON RADIO ) Cobra team , Roger . Boys on land are helping us triangulate the source of the Valkyrie signal . I have an approximate location of the source . 28 degrees , 33 minutes north by 89 degrees , 22 minutes west . No landmass , but it could be an anchored ship . We 're gonna need a visual . Helo 's tied up with the sonobuoys . CHANDLER : Send the UAV . Nice and high . Sweep the area . Prep VBSS to board and take over whatever 's out there . - And get Cobra team back to the ship . - KARA : Aye , sir . Tower TAO . Ready UAV . MAN : TAO Tower , Roger . UAV on standby . Cobra team , Viper , render aid and then return to Mother . Roger that , Mother . Just a few more wounded to look at , then we 're off the beach . Bravo , Zulu . All right , you 'll be all right . Go take a seat . Okay . WOMAN ' . All right . GATOR : UAV . Approaching point of origin . - Sonar ? - Still no sign of the sub . UAV is eight clicks from source of broadcast . KARA : Zoom in on that . Bridge TAO . We 've got an oil rig at the coordinates . I say again , an oil rig is the source of the broadcast signal . My fellow Americans , my name is Jeffrey Michener , and I am the President of the United States . It 's not a position I asked for , nor was I elected to this office . The circumstances of this dreadful plague have placed me here with an awesome responsibility to help unite all survivors and to help restore our great nation to its former glory . I speak to you aboard the USS Nathan James , a Navy ship carrying some 200 Americans just like you , brave men and women who have lost their families , their friends . Led by Commander Tom Chandler , these brave volunteers left Norfolk , Virginia , six months ago to search for the cure . They found it . Some of you may have heard that the US government and the military are behind the spread of this deadly virus , that the Navy ship is here to spread more disease , and that I am a prisoner on this ship . Nothing could be further from the truth . In fact , I was a prisoner of Sean Ramsey , the man who now claims to be your savior . He has filled the airwaves with lies about me , about the ship , and about your country . I ask you during this time of crisis and chaos to remember who we are as a people . This plague has killed many , but let 's not let it divide us any longer . We are still one nation . Join us . Push Sean Ramsey back to the sea , and let 's restore this great nation together . God bless you , and God bless America . Speech of a lifetime , Mr. President . Let 's hope it gets where it needs to go . Sir , I will get it there or die trying . GARNETT : Sir , Vulture team has hit open water . When they reach the oil rig , Walker will secure the RHIB . Once aboard the oil platform , the snipes will secure the cap and ensure the soundness of the facility . The last thing the people of New Orleans need is the Navy causing a massive oil spill . Agreed . We lost visual on the rig ? Yes , sir . The UAV is en route back to ship to refuel . - And our radios ? - HF should work . We 'll be able to hear everything that happens on the oil rig . Based on the signal strength Cobra team read on the beach , the oil rig 's got a massive antenna . So when Lieutenant Granderson takes control , we 'll be able to broadcast 1,000 miles in every direction . All right , listen up . As per the drill , Nathan James does not broadcast , and we need to be prepared . As soon as the President 's speech goes wide , that rig and everyone on it becomes painted with a big , fat target . Burk , stairs . Senior Chief Lynn , as soon as the cap 's secure , close off all the pipe valves and join us . Aye , aye , sir . - CHANDLER : Lieutenant Chung - - CHUNG : Sir ? CHANDLER : Let 's find out what makes this thing tick . CHUNG " . Aye , sir . Here it is , main power . This looks like the communications center , sir . CHANDLER : I 'd say so . Let 's get you started . Aye , sir . - Really ? - What ? Green shoelaces ? - What ? - Nothing . ( SIGHS ) My other ones ripped . It 's not like there 's a Navy Exchange store around the corner . - You don 't like them ? - Just keep climbing . We 'll talk later . ( SIGHS ) Get out of my head , Bivas . No use , mate . She 's got you now . Yeah , I know . Sir , so far , all I see is regular telecom gear . Nothing to run Bluetooth . You see that antenna ? That signal is coming from here . Keep looking . Rig 's operating on diesel power , sir . Looks like it 's been idling continuously . Got enough fuel to last a while . - How long ? - At least a few months , sir . ( THUDS ) Hey ! - Whoa ! Take it easy . - ( GUN COCKS ) Whoa ! Take it easy . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) You 're outnumbered . Don 't be stupid . You can 't hold me . My people will come for me . Valkyrie . Congratulations . You found me . LYNN : All valves sealed on A level . Heading down to 1 to find the main . Outstanding . CHANDLER : Let 's start with your name . Don 't have one . Valerie Raymond . Look , get your hands off my stuff ! Got an ID here from the Tulane University engineering lab . " Val . " " Valkyrie . " Clever . Sir , I cannot gain access to the antenna . I 'm assuming you can help with that . After all , you 're the genius behind the Deadman game . Got to admit ... Not what I expected . If I hear one more Wizard of Oz joke- - ls that what Sean Ramsey said the first time he saw you ? Are you like him ? Immune ? Look where I 'm living . I got myself as far away from the sickness as possible . No . I helped Sean with communications because we share a common enemy . And that would be me ? Ramsey showed me everything about your secret mission to spread the virus . And you believed him . Well , I already knew most of the story . Before anyone even heard of the Egyptian flu , I was tracking it . I saw it jump to Phase Six overnight , and I saw the government do nothing . So , I created Valkyrie to help expose the truth behind the plague . The truth ? Well , shit . You got it all figured out . But you forgot the most important part of the conspiracy . The only way we were able to spread the flu so quickly . The aliens . From planet Batshit Crazy . They were sneezing all over the place . That 's what you people always do . When alternative history gains traction , " Just another conspiracy nut . " Right ? " Whack job . " I got my Masters in Computer Science from MIT at 21 , my PhD in Engineering Physics from Tulane at 25 . Valkyrie , the network I created to get out the truth , has six million untraceable subscribers worldwide . Had . - What ? - Had six million . Most of them are probably dead by now . The rest will die very soon . We came home with a vaccine and a cure for those who were still infected . It 's on our ship . Ramsey wants to sink us and let the virus wipe out the rest of you so his master race can rule the word . ( SCOFFS ) And you think I 'm the whack job ? It 's the truth . Look . You 're obviously a clever and resilient woman to survive out here as long as you have , and you 've built an impressive network . You just backed the wrong horse . Help me play this message . Listen for yourself . The truth is in here . Sir , UAV needs another 30 minutes before we can send her back to the rig for a visual . Okay . ( METAL CLANKS ) - ( GRUNTS ) Damn it . - Need a hand , Chief ? Ma 'am , there 's a secondary valve over there behind you . Don 't call me " Ma 'am . " Lieutenant Granderson , how we doing ? There 's clearly a component missing , the device used to control the Bluetooth booster . Without it , we can 't access the Valkyrie network . Lieutenant Chung . Shut down the rig . If we can 't use the network , no one will . Mr. Chung , shut her down ! Yes , sir . Lieutenant Granderson ... - Tear it all out . - Yes , sir . ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) ( CELL PHONE BEEPS ) MAN : ( ON PHONE ) What the hell is that ? Hey , quick ! Grab the shot ! It 's a Navy ship , turning ! - You 'll be all right . - ( WOMAN GROANS ) Hey , did you see that ? All right . All right , you 're gonna be okay . Looks good as new , my man . Hey ! Hey ! Did you see that video before it cut out ? Them guys is Navy . Them 's the one that did it . They 're the ones that blew up New Orleans . - Check out their boat . - MAN : Hey , heads up . Heads up . Those guys are Navy . That guy . And check out their boat . - You see the video ? Those guys are Navy . - MAN : They 're getting away ! Everybody , just take a breath . We 're here to help . Navy had nothing to do with that attack . Let 's just take it easy . Let 's get a move on . Green , fire in the air if you have to . None of these idiots need to die today . ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) MAN : Miller , let 's go ! I need cover ! ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) Viper , this is Cobra . Under fire from civilians . We 're on the move . I say again , these people are not immunes ! Search and rescue aborted ! We 're on the move ! MAN : Come on ! MAN 21 Go ! ( SCREAMING CONTINUES ) You Okay ? Can 't believe they shot me in the ass ! - ( GUNFIRE ) - Go , go , go ! ( CLAN KING ) See that ? I got it . We got an unidentified civilian watercraft half a mile , approaching with speed . RPG ! RPG ! What was that ? You hear that ? - Was that the sub ? - MASON : No , sir , it 's coming from the rig . Sonobuoys are picking up an explosion . Damn , I 've lost visual on the boat . I 've got no target . I got him . He 's circling around . Send the helo . XO , recommend sending Cobra team on their RHIB . Send them both . - Yes , sir . ASTAC , TAO ... Cobra team , Mother . Head to Vulture team Whiskey . They are under attack . DANNY : Roger that . We 'll be there in five Mikes . ( EXPLOSIONS IN DISTANCE ) CHANDLER : ( WEAKLY ) Burk , Walker ... Secure the RHIB . Lieutenant . Lieutenant ! - Are you okay ? - ( EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE ) Are you okay ? I 'm gonna get you out of here . ( EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE ) BURK Walker 's KIA . The RHIB 's FUBAR . We 're gonna need another way off . MAN " . Vulture team , this is Sabre Hawk One . Oil rig AO in sight . Expect a one-minute ETA . Over . All teams , Sabre Hawk inbound . Exit up toward the helo deck . - ( EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE ) - Move ! We got to move ! We got to ... We got to go up to the helipad . Up this ladder . Come on . You got this , Lieutenant . Come on . RPG incoming ! - ( GRUNTS ) - ALISHA : Chung ! ( EXPLOSIONS IN DISTANCE ) - ( PANTING ) - BURK : Ravit ? Lynn 's gone . There 's a natural-gas leak . We 've got to close the valves . - How we gonna get off this rig ? - We can 't just bail . There 's about a 100-foot drop into the water . Help me with this wheel ! He 's out of my range . I can 't hit him . Oh , come on . ( GUNFIRE ) Yeah ! MAN : Viper leader , Sabre Hawk One . Enemy threat has been eliminated . We 're going for green deck . Over . Valves not working ! Gas is still coming out ! Sabre Hawks , stand down . Red deck . Red deck . Do not land . We got a gas leak . Hold for landing orders . MAN : Roger that , Vulture . Sabre Hawk One will maintain holding pattern . - ( EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE ) - ( GRUNTS ) ( PANTING ) Come on . ( GRUNTS ) - ALISHA : Climb ! - Foot is broken . - ALISHA : Hold on ! - ( GRUNTING ) ( GAS HISSING ) ( GRUNTS ) Where the hell 's it coming from ? Man ! I checked all these . They 're sealed tight . Shh ! ( HISSING CONTINUES ) Over there . ( EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE ) ( PANTING ) ( SCREAMS ) - ( EXPLOSION ) - Leave it ! Come on ! This whole rig 's about to blow ! We got to get out of here ! Come on ! ( EXPLOSIONS ) ALISHA : Come on ! Come on , Chung ! Don 't stop ! ( HISSING CONTINUES ) RAVIT : It 's not a leak . It 's the main valve . MAN : Viper Tower , Sabre Hawk One on quarter-mile climb . Request green deck . We 've got several injured onboard . WOMAN : Sabre Hawk One , Viper Tower . Cleared for green deck . EVPs standing by . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Out of my way ! Out of my way ! - DANNY : Over here ! - RIOS : I got him ! I got him ! RACHEL : Oh , my God . - What the ... - RIOS : His left pupil 's not good . Pulse is erratic . I need a Philadelphia collar , and I need it stat . Tex ! Jesus . What happened ? - Shot in the hip . - It 's just the backside . I 'll be fine . - Over here . Over here . - TEX : Thanks , brother . - RIOS : Captain , you okay ? - l 'm fine . Burk 's burned pretty bad . All right , let 's get him in here . Let 's get him on the bed . - Ravit ! - She 's okay . She 's okay . - Let 's get you down . Go . - RIOS : Gonna need a Ringer in her . Piggyback seven zolo . - Holy shit . - ( TEX GROANS ) - You all right ? - Went right through . Yeah . Rig was a ball of fire . Lucky anyone survived . Go , go , go ! Keep breathing . Keep breathing , Ravit . Get a liter of Ringers in him . Get down . Get down . What are her injuries ? ( STAMMERS ) I don 't know . She 's not responding . - RACHEL : Ravit . - TAYLOR : Ravit . Can you hear me ? ( BREATHING SHAKILY ) Start the line . We might need to intubate . RIOS : Left pupil 's blown . It 's fixed and dilated . His brain is bleeding . We need to get something under his head and shoulders now . Diuretic and steroids , now ! Go , go , go ! Stay with us . Just stay with us . ( VOICE BREAKING ) Just hold On . Okay ? BARNETT : Just hang on , Andy . Come on . - Hang on , Andy . Hang on . - ( SOBBING ) ( ALISHA CRYING ) ( sesame ) No . ( sesame ) No . He saved my life . Sir . Walker and Lynn were the first to , uh ... We were unable to recover Lynn 's body , sir . I 'm sorry . You sure the people shooting at you were regular Americans , not immunes ? Yes , sir . They were afraid of the virus until they became afraid of us . Those RPGs came from a civilian vessel , too . And we sank them , which means Ramsey got us to kill our own people , for real . CHANDLER ; Eng . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Walker . The whole rig was a ball of fire . ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) Eng . - I 'm sorry . - Sir , you 're hurt . Dr. Scott ! Dr. Scott ! Dr. Scott ! Dr. Scott ! RACHEL : Put a pillow under his head . Looks like a shrapnel hit . He 's bleeding internally . Somebody get a board , now ! Valkyrie 's not down . It 's gone . It 's been destroyed . The Navy ? Nope , by some regular Americans . What do you mean , " regular Americans ? " Not immunes . A bunch of Joe six-packs got riled up by the video of the ship blowing up the flotilla . They spotted some of the Navy folk on the rig , and they blew it to kingdom come . Did you hear me ? The network 's gone , Sean . ( SIGHS ) But the message is out there . My people have heard the siren call . ( PAPER RUSTLING ) See this ? Come here . My manifesto . I 'm putting all my thoughts down in writing . We need to get a copy of this to MacDowell and our people in Florida . You 're in here , too , you know . You and me , the brothers . We 're like Moses and Aaron . The people are following us , and the seas are parting at our feet . Mom would be so proud . She always said we were born to bring good into the world . Didn 't she , Ned ? Yeah . She was right . Look at us now . ( CHUCKLES ) She was right . ( LAUGHS ) That 's right . ( MONITOR BEEPING ) ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) He 's stable . I was able to remove some metal fragments , but I won 't know if I 've got them all until I do the ultrasound . How long will he be out ? It 's hard to tell . RIOS : All right , let 's roll her . Let me check her dressing . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( BURK GRUNTS ) Stay at her side . ( RAVIT BREATHING HEAVILY ) Back slowly down . Let 's go . Here we go . Easy . Easy . Easy . I ... Can 't feel my legs . That 's ' cause they got them wrapped so tight . So you won ' t be jumping around . You 're a terrible liar . That 's why you suck at poker . BURK : No , man , you 're ... You 're all good . You know , just a couple of scratches . I told you you 're a mean operator for a girl . ( CHUCKLES ) I can kick your ass . BURK : No doubt . ( BOTH CHUCKLE ) Everybody else okay ? - Yeah . Yeah . - Yeah ? - Everybody 's good . - Good . ( CONTINUES BREATHING HEAVILY ) Ravit . Ravit , come on , girl . Breathe . - Everybody okay ? - Yeah . BURK : Hey . Everybody 's all good . It 's all good . ( SPEAKS HEBREW ) Ravit . ( CONTINUES SPEAKING HEBREW ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) He ' ! - ( SPEAKS HEBREW ) ( GASPING ) Ravit . ( GASPING STOPS ) - ( TAPE RIPS ) - ( WINCING ) Ow ! Yeah , that 's the spot . ( GROANS ) Just trying to keep you from bleeding to death . I do still know how to use my powers for good . ( SIGHS ) Ravit ? I lost four sailors . ( GROANS ) Four more . Well , we thought you might 've been the fifth . It was touch-and-go there for a while . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) Still gonna need to operate and remove this souvenir I found behind your liver . That can wait . Actually , it can 't . The shrapnel can move and cut you . I 'm not going under , not now . Stubborn as ever . Says the pot to the kettle . Rachel . Thank you . JETER : We 've taken our share of hits these past few weeks . Suffered painful losses . Sometimes , it feels like more than we can bear . Yet , here we gather , united . Shipmates . Every time we 're called , we answer , " Here I am . " We answer knowing that the world , survival of our species , depends on our actions here at sea and fully aware that we answer at our own peril . And still we answer , " Here I am . " I 'm not gonna put a silver lining around our pain . Today , we grieve and we remember our fallen , and we thank them for their service to us and to mankind . Yes . Today we grieve , but tomorrow , we do press on . We continue to answer the call , " Here I am . " ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) ( SIGHS ) You could 've run away or saved your own people . ( SNIFFS ) But you ran back for me . Wasn 't all out of the goodness of my heart . We need you . I 'm a little , um ... I thought I knew what was going on . There 's still a lot I don 't know . I wanted you to be here so you could see who we are . ( KISSES ) Whatever was so important in that bag of yours , can it help us ? ♪ ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ♪ English - SDH
