 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... What is that thing parading around as Grant Ward ? He connects to the Inhumans , and they instantly joined the hive . I have to get back to the base . They have something we need . Daisy showed me the Kree artifact you gave her , and it 's missing its companion piece . I buried it . What is it ? The only thing that can destroy me . How do we disinfect Daisy ? Meet Dr. Holden Radcliffe . You 're the only one that can save my friend . With your help , we 're going to redefine humanity . H-how could you - - Be re-creating the same Kree experiment that was done to me . It was in that moment my world had changed forever . The Kree Reapers brought me back to their ship and began the experiment . I didn 't know it then , but the Reapers were using their own Kree blood to transform my DNA . Once they changed what I was , the Reapers took the final step , fulfilling the promise of what I would become . So that 's how you became an Inhuman . Myself and many others . Put through the Kree experiment thousands of years ago . These first Inhumans - - they were your ancestors . Your ancestors started Hydra . You fought to bring me back , yet are the only faithful to evade being captured after Gideon Malick 's spineless betrayal . Well ... the time has come for your reward . Thank you , but ... what does that have to do with your story ? Isn 't it obvious ? We 've been working hard to re-create the Kree experiment . And you 're next . Any word on Daisy ? Nope . You tried reaching out to any old contacts ? - ? Maybe if - We 're handling it . I just want to help . If I 'm locked down on the base , at least let me do something . The last time you helped wasn 't helpful . Alisha had answers . I was just trying to make her talk . You threatened to torture her . - How 'd that work out ? - ? I 'm not going to apologize for trying to save someone I care about . We all care about Daisy . - Oh , it 's not the same . - ? No . The rest of us have known her a lot longer . You really want to help ? Stop trying . This is hopeless . Just hold on , Simmons . The antitoxin appears to be fighting the Hive parasites . Yes , but first , it would probably destroy the host 's immune system , and who even knows how it will react with Inhuman DNA ? Well , ? I 'll admit that it 's not ideal , but what other choice do we have ? You didn 't see Daisy . She acted like ? we were still best of pals , all while threatening to murder me . No , you 're right . I didn 't see that . I was much too busy listening to the disgusting face of Grant Ward act like my dead boyfriend . That 's true . That does sound worse . Right . If this was ? a competition , I would win . I had to shoot him three times just to shut him up . - Bet that felt good . ? - Yeah , it did , though it would have felt better had he actually died , instead of just sort of oozing . What if Hive can 't be killed ? What then ? This antitoxin might be the best chance we have to free Daisy of his hold on her . Yes , or it could put her into cardiac arrest or seizures . Okay , but , then , we find a way to test it . And who 's going to volunteer for that ? We need an Inhuman , ? and those who aren 't in hiding are already under Hive 's sway and would kill us for trying . I 'll do it . You can test it out on me . Footage is from some mechanic 's garage in south Wyoming . What 's in south Wyoming ? Not much , by the looks of it . Says it was an old mining town that went through a natural-gas boom . But with the influx of dirty wells , it drove out almost all the locals . And the ones that remained were recently bought out by a shell corporation . - Owned by Malick . ? - Yeah . And now the town 's crawling with military . It seems the personal guard that we encountered in Malick 's hidden bunker - - They got out with Hive , relocated . Won 't be easy to grab Daisy . You realize this is a trap , right ? Why ? W-W- - Because we have a lead ? Because Daisy 's a highly trained spy . No S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent would get caught on camera that easily . She 's trying to draw us out . Daisy warned Fitz ? not to have S.H.I.E.L.D. follow . Why would she want to lure us in now ? It doesn 't add up . None of this adds up . There 's an ancient Inhuman controlling one of my best agents , the same agent who helped reprogram the facial-recognition software that she just got flagged on . What ? Suddenly , ? Daisy doesn 't know how it works ? Ohh , no , I don 't - - I don 't - - it 's - - I th- - I think she wants us to rescue her . - Mack . - ? Look , just hear me out . Daisy 's too strong to give up control without a fight . I think there 's a part of her that 's still resisting Hive . That 's just not the reality . It 's you projecting . Look , Fitz said Daisy wasn 't a zombie . She 's still herself , only with Hive 's agenda . That means she 's still in there . I wish that was true , Mack , believe me , but we cannot be driven by our emotions on this . That 's how Ward ended up dead , which is how we ended up in this mess . Sir - - We don 't have time to debate this . You and I need to get on the same page . Understood . Good . 'Cause I 'm sending a team in there , and I want you and May to lead it . So , then , we are saving Daisy . This isn 't a rescue mission , Agent Mackenzie - - it 's a targeted strike . We 're gonna kill Hive . This town represents the worst of humanity - - allowing the greed of a few to destroy the needs of many . Their water was poisoned , which drove them out . The great failing was their unwillingness to band together . Sometimes it 's hard to join forces . You need a good leader . Like Coulson ? He was the reason why I joined S.H.I.E.L.D. S.H.I.E.L.D. Is no better than those Kree Reapers , both making soldiers for their never-ending wars . My friends at S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted to stop wars , not start them . By building giant battleships floating in the sky ? The only reason S.H.I.E.L.D. exists is to fight wars . But isn 't that why we exist ? I mean , that 's what the Kree Reapers were hoping to make , right ? Soldiers . Which is not what I became . Sometimes , the world 's greatest miracles happen by accident . The world I was born into was primitive . It has evolved at a remarkable pace while I was away . So , what happened back then , to get you kicked off of Earth ? People saw the connection I had with other Inhumans , and that made them afraid . That fear bred paranoia , which led to civil war . Not much has changed , really . Only now we have the ability to re-create the Kree experiment . Are the patients ready , Dr. Radcliffe ? Yes ... not that you did us any favors with your alien-abduction story . Took a good hour to assure them there 'd be no probes of any sort . Well , your method is much more elegant . Not to mention more efficient , now that I 've added the Terrigen Crystals to the ? prokaryotic compound . Wait . You can change their DNA and turn them Inhuman , all at the same time ? Ah , the old one-two punch . That particular bit of ingenuity was my idea . So ... to the moment at hand . The world fears our kind of power because not everyone has it . Only billionaires can build iron suits . Only the military ? can make super soldiers , which can only lead to a war of its own , whereas I plan to apply a more , uh , collectivist philosophy . Does , uh , does that mean we can get started ? Yes . Right . Great . Oh , God , please , make it stop ! How many others we got ? Four volunteers from operations - - aware of the danger and all pretty gung ho . Don 't know if that 'll be enough to take out Hive . Maybe not . But lucky for us , Coulson had Fitz open up the Cupboard . I got dibs on that . Oh , sorry , O 'Brien . Coulson promised it to me when I signed up . It 's in my contract . Eyes up front , everyone . Hive is unlike anything we 've ever faced , which is why each of you will be outfitted with the best S.H.I.E.L.D. has to offer - - full Kevlar Tac , heat-sensitive infrared , and enough Splinter Bombs to turn a small army into pixie dust . The rest of the gear is up for grabs . What 's the Calvary packing ? - If I need a gun , I 'll take one . - ? No . You 'll be taking this one . We can 't leave anything to chance . You seem extra motivated . Daisy was my partner . This is on me . Why is everyone making this about themselves ? Because I should have seen it , May , but between ? her Inhuman love connection and me licking my wounds after Bobbi and Hunter left , I took my eyes off the ball . A good partner would 've seen that she was turned . None of us saw it . And you need ? to get your head straight . This mission isn 't about Daisy . Agreed . It 's about me making things right . Wouldn 't you have to be infected with Hive 's parasites to test the antitoxin ? Not necessarily . Simmons gives me the drug first , takes my tissue sample , then infects that with Hive 's parasites . This antitoxin will destroy your immune system . It could kill you . You 're not the only doctor here . From what I can tell , the risks aren 't as high as what you 're saying . Don 't pretend that 's really your medical opinion . I 'm not pretending - - you 're being overly cautious . Yeah , and you 're being a lovesick fool trying to make a grand gesture . Fitz ... any thoughts ? I agree with Simmons that the antitoxin could be dangerous ... but I also think ? there 's a chance it could work . If Lincoln dies , do you really want to be responsible ? No , of course I don 't , but this could save Daisy . Daisy would never want someone acting so recklessly to save her . Well , then , ? I 'm glad it 's not up to her . I 'm sorry , Agent Campbell . Come on . Y-You got to reconsider . My decision 's final . Fitz-Simmons , ? start looking at other options . We 'll go from there . One Martian Multi-ball , three Bumper Blasters , and a 3-Way Rocket Combo . Boom ! Good luck beating that score . Better keep your hat on , Dundee , 'cause somebody don 't play when it comes to pinball . This beer is bloody wonderful . I thought Aussies hated American beer . Only when we got to pay for it . It is good to be back in the real world again . Yeah , what made you go all Ted Kaczynski in that trailer , anyway ? Don 't know , really . Just never found people to be my cup of tea . They didn 't like me . I didn 't like them , so I thought I 'd do everyone a favor and move as far away as humanly possible . That sounds pretty lonely . Yeah . Never really figured on that part . You 're a little baby bird , all fixed up and back in the wild . I 'm not keen on infantilizing , but I would be willing to let it slide for a proper dance . Okay . Let 's don 't get your rhinestones in a bunch , cowboy . Let 's just keep it to pinball . Please tell me you 're not pining over Stinkin ' Lincoln . You know , James , just because you don 't care about anyone else doesn 't mean the rest of us don 't . Sorry . I didn 't mean to offend . It 's just ... you were S.H.I.E.L.D. So those people you care about are the same ones that are trying to stop what we 're doing here . It 's not their fault . They don 't know any better . Doesn 't matter if ? they know any better or not - - they 're on the opposite side . I can 't see any way it doesn 't end badly for them . There might be one way . Oh , yeah ? And what 's that ? We make them understand . The genetic makeup of Inhumans is incredibly complex . We were bound to run into complications . You assured me this would work . Yes , and it would have i-if I 'd been provided with the right ingredients . Are you implying the mistake was mine ? No . No , no . Well , yes , but it wasn 't an intentional mistake . You see , the thing is , I need DNA from a living Kree to complete the genome sequence . The DNA you gave me - - your blood - - it 's from a ... dead host - - a handsome but dead host . It 's no good . I mean , it 's great for you , but it - - for this , it 's no good . If this were true , why are you just telling me this now ? Ohh , I wasn 't sure . I was swept up in the moment ! I wanted to change the world ! And besides , you 're very frightening . Well , ? you are right to be scared . I don 't need you . I can just kill you and inhabit your body , take your mind , your memories . Yeah , that 's a really bad idea . You should ask my therapist . My childhood was a total mess . The swim team were not nice to me . Plus , I can make this work . Why should I believe you ? Because I want it to work . This is game-changing stuff - - kick-starting mankind into a new gear . Everything I 've done leading up to this - - it just pales . I promise , you won 't regret this . I 'm your guy . Yeah , I 've been meaning to - - been meaning to ask about those . What are they for , exactly ? If you were scared before ... you should be terrified now . Our intelligence suggests there 's at least 40 enemy combatants on the ground . And what about Hive ? We 've still yet ? to verify his location , sir . Okay . The plan 's simple - - go in , kill Hive , get out . What 's protocol when it comes to the other Inhumans in town ? Do not engage unless absolutely necessary . These people are under Hive 's control . We don 't want to hurt them . I can 't be with you on the ground , but I will be watching your helmet feeds . Be careful and be smart . This may be our only chance to catch Hive by surprise . And worst-case scenario , if Hive can 't be killed ? I suggest running ... very fast ... away . Jemma ... are we good after , ? you know , our disagreement ? Oh , yeah , of course we 're good . If I wanted a boyfriend who agreed with everything I said , I never would have broken up with Milton . Milton ! He was the absolute worst , what with his stupid , fat cabbage head of his . " Hi . I 'm - - Hi . I 'm Milton . " More like a Brussels sprout , really . But Milton 's odd-shaped head aside , we should make a point to never let work disagreements affect our relationship outside of work . Couldn 't agree more , Simmons , especially since we both know who tends to be right most of the time . Oh , I assume you 're referring to the one who finished top of our class at S.H.I.E.L.D. Academy . Now , that is a sore point , because we both know that if I 'd just stayed up and studied all night - that I would ... - Lincoln ... . I 'm tired of arguing . Lincoln , no ! Lincoln . Hey . Lincoln . Look at me . Look at me ! I just want to help . This is an elixir , and it will hopefully counter the antitoxin . What are they for , exactly ? If you were scared before ... you should be terrified now . Our intelligence suggests there 's at least 40 enemy combatants on the ground . And what about Hive ? We 've still yet ? to verify his location , sir . Okay . The plan 's simple - - go in , kill Hive , get out . What 's protocol when it comes to the other Inhumans in town ? Do not engage unless absolutely necessary . These people are under Hive 's control . We don 't want to hurt them . I can 't be with you on the ground , but I will be watching your helmet feeds . Be careful and be smart . This may be our only chance to catch Hive by surprise . And worst-case scenario , if Hive can 't be killed ? I suggest running ... very fast ... away . Jemma ... are we good after , ? you know , our disagreement ? Oh , yeah , of course we 're good . If I wanted a boyfriend who agreed with everything I said , I never would have broken up with Milton . Milton ! He was the absolute worst , what with his stupid , fat cabbage head of his . " Hi . I 'm - - Hi . I 'm Milton . " More like a Brussels sprout , really . But Milton 's odd-shaped head aside , we should make a point to never let work disagreements affect our relationship outside of work . Couldn 't agree more , Simmons , especially since we both know who tends to be right most of the time . Oh , I assume you 're referring to the one who finished top of our class at S.H.I.E.L.D. Academy . Now , that is a sore point , because we both know that if I 'd just stayed up and studied all night - that I would ... - Lincoln ... . I 'm tired of arguing . Lincoln , no ! Lincoln . Hey . Lincoln . Look at me . Look at me ! I just want to help . This is an elixir , and it will hopefully counter the antitoxin . N-No . It 's gonna work . We don 't have time for this . Your body is shutting down . I can handle it . Please ... just let me do this . You got eyes on this , Coulson ? Affirmative . There 's no sign of Hive anywhere . We don 't have time ? to search the entire town . Isn 't that the Inhuman Hive picked up in South Dakota ? Yeah , he 's a real blowhard . That might work . Hey , this area 's authorized for Hydra personnel only . Who the hell are you ? Hello , gorgeous . I 'm James . Single , 33 , ? originally from Brisbane . I 'm a Leo , ? with a little dab of Scorpio thrown in there for good measure . I like a decent drink , a decent meal , and an indecent lass , and not necessarily in that order . And you are ... ? Nauseous and wondering what you 're doing here . Uh , you 're definitely not Hydra . This means they brought in other contractors since Malick died ? A contractor ? Really ? Is that ? what I look like to you ? Listen , big shot , this isn 't a game . I need you to tell me what you 're doing here . I 'd rather show than tell . Y-Y-You 're - - You 're one of them . That 's right . Kind of hand-picked by the big man himself . Kind of a number-one draft pick , if you will . I had no idea . ? Please , you have to forgive me . Have a drink with me , and I might consider it . You 're not too bad for security . Little icy . Lucky for me , I don 't get frostbite . Were you like this ? before you got your powers ? What - - 101 % awesome ? You bet . Becoming Inhuman ? doesn 't change your personality . Who knows ? Might even see for yourself one day . Uh , the big man - - ? he 's working on this experiment turning humans into Inhumans , huh ? Ask nicely - - might even help you to the front of the line . That must be why Hive grabbed Radcliffe - - to make his army . Stay on alert . You hear what Coulson just said ? Yeah , sorry . I was just wondering if there was a chance this guy ? doesn 't get his ass whupped . Not a chance . Alisha said you wanted to see me . You and I share similar paths . We were both created by outside forces . I 'm not sure I 'm following . My powers were given by the Kree - - yours by S.H.I.E.L.D. They 're the ones who made us . Why are you worried about S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Because I 'm curious if you can defeat what made you . The people at S.H.I.E.L.D. are my friends . Friends who will turn on you , who will try and sabotage the connection we share . Only because they don 't understand , but they will if we can make them share our connection . You want to put your friends through the Kree experiment . Once Radcliffe has worked out the kinks , yeah . Yeah , I do . They may not be receptive to that idea . Well , I have to at least try . It 's the only way we can save them . And what if you fail , if they decide to turn on you instead , to come after us ? with their weapons of war , to kill me , to kill all of us ? What then ? Then I would rip their hearts out . Hearing that comes as a relief , especially now ? that our plans have changed . I 'm sorry . There was just no other choice . We both thought ? it was the right thing to do . Don 't act as if ? we 're on the same side on this . Coulson gave you a direct order , and you disobeyed . Now ... half the lab 's computers are fried , not to mention the blown servers . I 'm sorry about that . Really , I am . But the antitoxin is gonna work . I can feel it . Well , we won 't know until Simmons has run some more tests . And for that , I 'll need to drill inside your head . Wait . The tissue sample you need is from my brain ? That 's correct - - ? something you would have known , had you asked questions instead of going behind our backs . He 's all yours , Doctor . He sounds pretty amazing . Oh , yeah . He 's got this whole Ziggy Stardust vibe thing happening . It 's - - It 's quite epic . Well , I would love to meet him . Well , I just might be able to broker an introduction for you . Right now ? You 'd really do that for me ? Not so sure if right now works . I mean , he 's kind of a busy guy , - with changing the world and everything . - Right . No , no , no . ? Don 't go rainy-day blues on me . He might still be in that abandoned mining facility . You got that ? On our way ! Why take over a town and then move to the outskirts ? I don 't know , but the reason 's probably not good . Remember , this is Hive . Be prepared to go in hot . Safeties off . They were never on , sir . I was hoping to spare you this , but it was the only way . They 're coming for us . You hearing this ? Sounds like some kind of radio . That 's definitely no radio I 've ever seen . I 've seen that writing before . Sir . Get everyone out of there now ! You heard him ! Move out ! Go ! Go ! - Move it ! - Who 's coming ? S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Not the ones who made you - - the ones who made me . Move ! Go , go , go ! What the hell was that ? The Kree . The Kree are here ? How did they even find us ? I sent them a signal . The artifacts from James ' trailer . Are a failsafe to be used if the Inhuman experiment ever got out of control . In case of emergency , call Kree headquarters . These Kree ? are not from their home world . They 're Reapers . They exist only to hunt . And to find humans for your makers . For thousands of years , they 've remained in stasis , orbiting our solar system . So they 're coming here to do what - - clean up their mess ? These are the only things that can defeat you . Those are your exact words . The Reapers are my greatest fear , but with your help , I believe we will ... rip out their hearts . Those words are yours . That 's really not what I meant . I fought a Kree before . They won 't be easy to kill . These Reapers are even deadlier , which will make your task more difficult . My task ? For this experiment to work , we need blood from a living Kree . And I want you to get it . Was that a spaceship ? It 's too small - - looks like more of a satellite . Why am I not relieved ? You find anything ? Just debris everywhere and some really big footprints . Like alien footprints , right ? That 's what we 're talking about here ? Great . Now we have more players to contend with . The frickin ' aliens just landed . We 're not - - We 're not gonna take a moment and let that soak in ? Well , the question is , whose side are they on ? Dude , run ! Go ! Inhuman . Actually , that 's Inhumans , plural . No ! You should be proud of what we 've become . He 's taking out Hydra agents . Or everything he comes across . This will be a lot easier if that guy 's on our side . Why would Hive signal these things ? Maybe he 's hoping to form some sort of creepy dude alliance . These things are hunters , not allies . Coulson , what are our orders ? Follow at a close distance , but stay out of that thing 's cross hairs . It senses something in that church . Yeah , my money 's on Hive . Daisy . Those aren 't our orders . - Mack . - ? I got to try . I 'll meet you at the extraction point . That wasn 't me . Inhuman filth . You said you were going to handle this thing . - Now we are both gonna die ! - Nobody 's dying here today . What was that last sound ? The spine . Now drain it . I 've spent a thousand years wondering what would happen should the blue angels ever return . You 're smaller than I remember . Now 's our chance to go in and unload while Papa Smurf 's got him distracted . Stand down . The Kree might just do the job for us . We don 't have to fight . I 'm still grateful to you for making me . We should not have chosen you . That was providence guiding your hand . Then what guides my hand now ? Poor guy . He doesn 't have much longer . Will there be enough blood for the experiment to work ? Yeah , absolutely . ? I mean , you were fantastic . We should have all we need in the next hour . In fact , ? I 'm happy to take it from here . I-I-If you 've got somewhere else you need to be , then feel free to - - She 's coming with me . I told Fitz to stay away . No can do ... not when my partner needs help . I don 't need your help . There 's plenty of evidence here to the contrary . You don 't understand . I 'm doing this to help you . And now is murdering a blue alien gonna help me ? It 's the only way to save you . We 're gonna make you into an Inhuman . This isn 't you . I know this is hard for you to hear , but this is me . I 'm not lost anymore . Everyone at S.H.I.E.L.D. can finally stop trying to save me . - This is different . - ? Is it ? I mean , first , S.H.I.E.L.D. rescues me from the Rising Tide , and then from my admittedly not-so-great parents , and now , once again , S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s rallied the troops to save poor Daisy . Because you 're sick . That ... thing is a parasite . It 's messing with your head . That 's what S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been doing . Look at us , Mack ! You were a mechanic , I was a hacker , and now , s-somehow , we 're soldiers ? The world 's changing . We had to adapt . We had no choice . S.H.I.E.L.D. made us into what it needed . No . Nobody at S.H.I.E.L.D. made you do anything . But Coulson knew I was lost , so he 'd offered up his team of misfit toys just to fill that emptiness . That team cares about you . I care about you . So what 's that make us - - friends ? Friends . Partners . Bobbi was your partner once . How 'd that work out for you ? You know damn well Bobbi and Hunter left S.H.I.E.L.D. to protect us . They left S.H.I.E.L.D. because there was no reason to stay , because nobody else at S.H.I.E.L.D. mattered to them . It wasn 't hard to leave . But I think you ? should leave here , right now . Part of you wants to come back . That 's how we found you . What are you talking about ? Three hours ago , we received security footage of you outside this garage . It sent a red flag up our system , the same system you helped create . So what - - you think that I meant for this to happen ? It wasn 't an accident . Something inside you is resisting . I slipped up because I wasn 't thinking like a spy anymore , because I don 't need to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent anymore . - Tremors - ? No , no , Mack . I cared about you , too . After what happened with my parents , I needed someone , and you - - you were almost like a big brother to me . But let 's be honest - - you struggle to be a real brother to the one that you have . Leave Ruben out of this . I understand how you 're feeling . But you don 't need to feel alone anymore . We can fix it . Now , what you 're feeling - - it 's not real . What we feel is reality . It 's the way ? the world was meant to be . Not my world . I really wanted to save you , Mack . Yeah . Me , too . If I can 't save you , I guess I 'll save everyone else . I 'm no longer the scared hunter you took all those years ago . You should have stayed away ! Wait ! Please . I 'm not gonna fight you . I wanted you to be a part of this . Big Blue might just have this one . Don 't be so sure . Sounds like Hive 's nursing a thousand-year grudge . You made something great something divine and now you want to destroy it . You are a failed experiment . Sometimes , the world 's greatest miracles happen by accident . Take the shot - - now ! Repeat ! Take the shot ! Piper ! We have to go ! Now ! Now ! We could have had a connection that was real . Daisy , look at yourself . You don 't have to do this . I need emergency evac now ! We got to get out of here ! Hurry up ! He 's coming ! He 's coming ! I can 't believe Daisy did this . You were right about her . Really wish I wasn 't . So ... Hive wants to turn ? any human into an Inhuman , regardless of that person 's existing genetic markers . Might have succeeded , had Mack not ? Splinter Bombed that Kree . Well , does it even matter ? That thing - - there 's nothing that can stop it . Wait . What happened ? Is Daisy okay ? The mission failed . Daisy is still alive , but they weren 't able to stop Hive . W-When did this happen ? They returned an hour ago . An hour ago ? And you just ... kept me down here this whole time ? Well , you needed to rest . I needed to be up there , helping , not locked down here like some prisoner ! Your immune system is completely shut down ! Anyone so much as sneezes , and it might kill you . So until you 've fully recovered , you are a prisoner - - you 're my prisoner . I 'm sorry . I-I just don 't know what to do . None of us do . Did you at least tell Coulson we might have a cure ? No . Why not ? Because we don 't . That 's what I came down to tell you - - the antitoxin ... it didn 't work . Now get some rest . I ripped out its heart ... as discussed . But you failed us . I tried to stop him . Then your efforts were lacking . Not only did your friend destroy everything we 've been working towards , he also got away . We put too much trust in you . Your ties to S.H.I.E.L.D. are stronger than you admit . Leaves me with questions . No . You were right to trust me . I 'm finished with S.H.I.E.L.D. And actually , I have answers . The DNA you need - - I have it . Inhuman DNA is not enough . We needed ? to drain actual Kree blood . Which is what I have pumping through my veins . Coulson used it to bring me back after Quinn shot me . Ward should remember . He does . So , if you want ? this experiment to work ... drain me .
