 Previously on Marvel 's " Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... If I 'm locked down on the base , at least lett me do something . The last time you helpedcked down wasn 't helpful . You know I 'm technically your boss now , right ? A good partner would 've seen that she was turned . None of us saw it . I 'm not gonna fight you . - ( SCREAMING ) - ( BONES CRACKING ) So Hive wants to turn any human into an Inhuman , regardless of that person 's existing genetic markers . ( SCREAMING ) HIVE : You assured me this would work . Yeah , and it would have I-if I 'd been provided with the right ingredients . The DNA you need ... I have it . So , if you want this experiment to work ... drain me . ( BLUES MUSIC PLAYS ) WOMAN ON TV : Still no word on the whereabouts of Steve Rogers after his public feud with Tony Stark and the Avengers over the controversial Sokovia Accords . Ratified by 117 countries , the Accords place the Avengers under U.N. authority and provide a framework for the registration and monitoring of all Enhanced Individuals . MAY : We knew this was gonna happen sooner or later . ... another wet one , folks . Cap , Agent Carter ... they were my heroes growing up . Both of them were there at the beginning of S.H.I.E.L.D. Now we may be there when it ends . The last thing we need right now is the government hamstringing us with the Accords . We need to stop Hive by any means necessary . I 'll deal with the government . You do whatever it takes to end this . All options on the table ? Desperate times , desperate measures . You might want to go out the back . He 's coming in . ( DOOR CLOSES ) General Talbot , right on time . What in the Knievel happened to you ? Little fender bender . No big deal . You sure you should be in the driver 's seat ? I thought we agreed on full disclosure . You want to see my X-rays ? I 'll put them in a nice frame for ya . I 'm talking about this gin joint out in the middle of no man 's land . You promised me you 'd show me the base without any three-hour fly-arounds this time . We need to talk first . I 'll talk . You listen . ( MUSIC CONTINUES ) I 'm here because the president sent me . The Sokovia Accords are law of the land now . He 's concerned you may have some undocumented Enhanced Assets working for you . And why would they think that ? 'Cause he 's not a moron . Come on , Phil . It 's time for S.H.I.E.L.D. to come in from the cold , relegitimize . In exchange for revealing and registering any Inhumans we may have ? Not gonna happen . ( SIGHS ) Why are you so pigheaded ? It 's good enough for the Avengers . Not all of them . And the Avengers operate in the spotlight . We work in the shadows . What 's going on in those shadows , Phil ? That 's what I want to know . You better start opening some doors , or I promise ya , I 'm gonna start kicking them down . All right . Let 's go for a ride . No blindfold ? No blindfold , but you might want to buckle up . - ( SEAT BELT CLICKS ) - What ? ( KEYBOARD CLACKING ) DAISY : You 're getting better , Fitz , but I designed the ant-subversion code , so it 's only a matter of time until ... - ( MONITOR BEEPS ) - ... I 'm in . Huh . Interesting . They still have got you locked up . Was somebody being a bad boy ? HIVE : You like the bad boys . DAISY : We have a history . I thought we had a future once , but I gave him his chance and he refused , so now I just feel sorry for him . ( MONITOR BEEPS ) Ah , damn it , Fitz . Your friends are very persistent . They keep fighting us , forcing us to move , wasting valuable time . If it happens again , there 'll be no absolution . It won 't . Fitz is on the losing end of this . We 'll get back into the system , and we 'll know every move they make . How 's our patient ? ( FLASHLIGHT CLICKS ) I 'm fine except for the bright light shining in my eye . ( FLASHLIGHT CLICKS ) I think that 's enough for one day . Don 't want to kill the golden goose . Just take it easy . You just drink this and get some rest . No , that . I think you 're the one who needs rest . Well , we 'll rest when we 're dead . Not you . I-I didn 't mean ... That 's just a phrase . No need for any deaths . We 're ready for the alpha test . ♪ You were confident the last time . True . But this time , we have all the right ingredients . We just need to find some volunteers . I 'm recruiting some ... special ones ... a little gift for Daisy . ( DOOR OPENS ) Time for your feeding . Your sense of humor needs work . How much longer are you gonna keep me locked up in here ? It 's been days . As long as it takes . Your immune system is still compromised . There 's nothing wrong with me . And losing Daisy has made you irrational . Everything you 've done to try to help her has made things worse . Doesn 't give you the right to keep me locked up . You want to leave ? We can hand you over to General Talbot right now . He 's right upstairs . He 's here ? Why ? To take inventory . You really want to help Daisy , then you need to straighten up and fly right . And eat something . ( DOOR OPENS , CLOSES ) ( MONITOR BEEPING ) He 's lucky we 're feeding him at all . Doesn 't even need to be there . He 's fine now . Coulson wants him locked up . We destroyed all our work on the Hive cure , and now you have to spend all your time Daisy-proofing security . Yeah . Believe me , I know . It 's like Whac-a-Mole ... knock her out of one hole , she just pops back up into another . Could really use Mack 's help . How is he ? Well , stress fractures are healing . Broken ribs and fingers still need time . It 's his broken spirit that worries me . He hasn 't been the same since Daisy ... Feels like everything 's going to hell and all we 're doing is slowing down the descent . - Okay . - ( CONSOLE WHIRRING ) That should keep her out for an hour . Or a minute . Any plans ? ( CHUCKLES ) MAY : I need you to forget about Daisy . She already knows everything about us , and she 's going to get in eventually . Time to stop playing defense and get back on offense . I need you to start thinking like Hive . Get inside his twisted brain . What drives him ? What does he want ? He 's a parasite . All he wants to do is consume . But he also has humans in there somewhere , and you 've spent significant time with two of them . We need to know his end game , and we need to know it yesterday . Son of a gun . Right under my nose this whole time , like a pack of sewer rats . I didn 't even know this SSR base existed . It was never on the books . I 'd like to keep it that way . I 'm trusting you with our biggest secret . Now I need you to trust me . Don 't report our Inhumans . Some battles need to be fought with secret warriors . How many you got ? I know about Daisy and Electro-Boy . Who else ? - ( DOOR OPENS ) - You 're about to meet one . Welcome back , Ms. Rodriguez . Director Coulson . Mack couldn 't be here . He sends his regards . This is Brigadier General Talbot , acting head of the ATCU . Here 's here to ... I know why . I watch the news . We found Ms. Rodriguez in Colombia . She was being a real thorn in the side of the drug cartels , using her powers to clean up her neighborhood , to fight the good fight . Put me on your list , there will be a price on my head . Nobody would ever find out about it . ( SPEAKS SPANISH ) - I think that means ... - I know what she 's saying . What are her powers ? Elena , the general would like to see what you can do . ( WHOOSH ) Any time . COULSON : Thank you . So ... she 's really fast . Fast , yeah . And she can fend for herself . Not all Inhumans can . Most of them are regular people with lives and families who just want to be left alone . If you force them to register ... It 's a protected list . It 's highly classified . You had an index ... Which is why I know nothing good ever comes from putting people on lists . Eventually they get misused or fall into the wrong hands , and then innocent people suffer . ( GUN COCKS ) ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) It 's not a bad bunch , but we need more . Recruitment 's getting harder . People think the Sokovia Accords will solve everything . The Sokovia Accords are a joke . We don 't need registration . We need extermination . I have a new informant in the ATCU ... gave me the name of someone on their list . We 're gonna make an example of this one . The world needs to know that Inhumans are a disease , and we 're the only cure . ( SIGHS ) Daisy ... are you listening ? I know if there 's a way to get in here , you 'll find it . So if you are listening , I need to talk to you . I want to see you . ( TV CHATTER ) ♪ DAISY : You can move now . I made a loop of you sleeping so if anyone checks the monitor , that 's all they 'll see . We can talk privately . It 's good to see you . Are you okay ? Fine . Just feeling a little drained . What about you ? Why are you locked up ? ( SIGHS ) Honestly , they don 't trust me . They think I 've lost my mind over you . Well , is it true ? You know you 're the only reason I was ever here . And they know it . Now that you 're gone ... I gave you a chance to come with me . We could be together right now , but you said no . I said no to being brainwashed . I don 't want to be with you that way . Do I sound brainwashed to you ? I don 't know . I just ... I just want to be with you . No Hive , no S.H.I.E.L.D. , just ... just the two of us alone and away from everything , just seeing the world . I-I don 't even know if that 's possible . ( MONITOR BEEPS ) Hold that thought . ( SIGHS ) We 'll have to talk later . You 've got company . When can we talk again ? I got to go ... fast . I miss you . Get back in bed , and I 'll cut the feed in three , two , one . ( DOOR OPENS ) Well , well , well , if it isn 't the hothead that tried to kill my bodyguard . What 's he doing in here ? Thought this was a germ-free zone . I see you two remember each other . ( SIGHS ) You 're not happy to see me . No , I 'm not . Why are you being like this ? I came here to fight , to save Daisy . Because it 's a fight we can 't win . What happened to you ? Daisy . She lost her soul to that thing . I don 't want what happened to her to happen to someone else I care about . The sway , whatever he does to them , that 's ... that 's not even the worst thing that 's gonna happen . - No ? - No . What is ? Armageddon . Whatever he 's doing is pure evil . I 'm talking end-times Biblical evil , 2,000-years-of-darkness evil . You need a beer . And some faith . Hmm . You ever wonder if that 's the word we use to ... to fool ourselves , give us false hope ? That 's how evil wins . When good people begin to , uh ... doubt and run the other way instead of stand up and fight , you see it everywhere . In Colombia , we have a saying . El mal presa a los debiles porque teme a los fuertes . Evil preys on the weak because it fears the strong . ( CHUCKLES , CLICKS TONGUE ) ♪ ( DOOR OPENS ) Guy in the black hoodie ... that was him . We want him alive . Save all the fun till we 're back at the base . TALBOT : This is exactly why we need the Accords . It 's about protection . - Whose protection ? - Everyone 's . People need to be protected when one of you runs amok . Some of you need protection from yourselves . Is that why you have him caged up ? He 's under medical observation , general . I 've seen him in the field . He has control issues ... lethal control issues . Issues that S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s uniquely qualified to help him with . How does this registration work ? You put us on a list . Then what ? Fingerprints . DNA samples . We run a power analysis to categorize your threat level ... also used to determine health risks . Fine . I 'll register . Sign me up . I don 't think that 's a good idea . I don 't think keeping me locked up is a good idea , either . Get me the hell out of here , and I 'll register and tell you anything you want to know . It 's in everyone 's best interest to keep him here right now . Not mine . If you 're in here against your will , what 's keeping you from just zapping the two of us right now ? Absolutely nothing . I could fry that mustache right off your face . But that 's just not who I am . Besides , I 'd never make it off the base ... not without help . ( DOOR OPENS ) All right , Coulson . I 've seen the good and the bad . Now show me the ugly . ( SIGHS ) ( DOOR OPENS ) What the hell is that ? You 're keeping monsters on your base now ? Breathe , General . It was Dr. Garner before he changed permanently . Rasta-Hulk is your husband ? I don 't care if that thing used to be Gandhi . Why on God 's crusty pie is it here ? It needs to be frozen in a Gel-Matrix Cube . - He may prove to be an asset . - An asset ? What you have is an out-of-control freak show down here , Coulson . What other surprises have you got for me ? This is it . You wanted open doors . You got them . ( SIGHS ) - ( MONITOR BEEPS ) - Lincoln . Do you really want to leave ? Only if I can see you . TALBOT : Where 's Daisy Johnson ? She 's on assignment . On assignment for who ? I 've got satellite imagery here of her and a dead man strolling down lover 's lane in a town where an unidentified object crashed the night before . If you knew this the whole time , why 'd you wait until now to show me ? Phil , I wanted to see if you 'd lie to my face . I had no choice . The stakes were too high . What are you up against ? What is at stake ? The world as we know it . ( TIRES SQUEAL ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) End of the line , Inhuman . There 's nowhere left to run . I suppose there 's always Hell . Well , look at that . A real hot dog . But seriously , who follows a stranger down a dark alley dressed as pups ? I mean , on principle alone , I can 't let this end well for ya . Leaving so soon ? Who are you ? I 'm the one who invited you . - ( GUN CLATTERS ) - As you can tell , I 'm not with the ATCU . What did you want from us ? I want you to become what you hate . ( CHAIN CRACKS , MAN SCREAMS ) The devil ? You must be kidding me . Technically , it 's not the devil , but many of the myths about the devil are derived from Hive and the cults that worshipped him as Hydra . You 're saying a demon possessed Grant Ward . It 's not " The Exorcist . " There 's nothing demonic about Hive . He 's an Inhuman . An Inhuman who 's made up of an indeterminable amount of Nano-Parasites . Those Nano-Parasites can consume human flesh upon contact , but when they make contact with Inhumans , they attack the pleasure centers of the brain , giving its victims a desire and willingness to connect with Hive and to serve him . So he 's controlling Daisy . Is that it ? That 's it . This is exactly why the Sokovia Accords were created . This is a nightmare scenario . She 's a nuclear weapon in the wrong hands . ( SIGHS ) How many of these Inhumans is he controlling ? Not many . He tried to create his own , but we rained on that parade . We did . But , sir , he may actually have everything he needs now . All cards on the table , Dr. Simmons . I want General Talbot on the same page as the rest of us . All right , well , we 've been trying to put the pieces together to determine possible end-game scenarios . We know he wanted Kree blood so he can duplicate the original Kree experiment . That 's turning a human into an Inhuman . The Kree were destroyed . May and Mack made sure of that . There 's no more Kree blood . Yes , there is . You have it , and so does Daisy . He can use her blood . So just take some of Daisy 's blood and make more of these . You know how crazy this sounds , right ? But that would kill her . Do you really think he 'd sacrifice her just to make a few more Inhumans ? With her powers , her knowledge , she 's worth 100 . What if he could make that many ? With enough of Daisy 's blood , the Terrigen Crystals they have , Hive 's own particulate DNA , and a scientist who knows how to stir the cocktail ... He could create an all-in-one virus that instantly transforms any humans into swayed Inhumans completely under his control . ♪ JAMES : Move along , little puppies . These are volunteers ? Sometimes they need a little extra motivation . BOGGS : Do whatever you want to us . It doesn 't change the fact that you 're all abominations ! ( GRUNTS ) JAMES : Shut your blowhole , preacher . You 're about to join the evolution . HIVE : Their lives have been filled with such hatred . Now they 'll find peace with us . They don 't deserve it . Every human deserves a chance to be freed from his prison . Their emancipation will be my gift to you . ( KEYBOARD CLACKS ) Are you still confident ? ( SIGHS ) 100 % fairly certain . ( CAN POPS ) ( CENTRIFUGE WHIRRING ) ( MEN SCREAMING , THUDDING ) ( SCREAMING , THUDDING STOP ) ( CENTRIFUGE SHUTS OFF ) Now we wait . ( KEYBOARD CLACKING ) Have you accessed S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s security system ? I 'm in . I found their weak spot . Good . Keep me updated . And please rest . We may need some more blood . ( MONITOR BEEPS ) It 's time . Are you ready ? Let 's do it . Okay . I 'm limited in what I can do , so this is gonna be a team effort . First , we have to get you out of there , but Fitz closed the loopholes after I escaped , so I can 't open the door , but we can still MacGyver you out . ( PANEL BEEPS ) I can handle this . No , no , no , no . Stop . I said MacGyver , not " Firestarter . " Zapping it will trigger the alarms . We have to open it while tricking it into thinking it 's closed at the same time . Okay , let 's see what we have to work with . Okay , you 're gonna need , uh , that tape dispenser , a pencil , your food tray , and a piece of that mirror . Do you have any idea how to stop him ? I mean , you make him sound invincible . Calm down , General . You 'll pull something . " Calm down " ? This is an ? end-of-the-world type deal . Don 't you tell me to calm down . I 'm the one that tells you to calm down . How are you so calm , anyway ? I 'm getting used to this sort of thing . Okay , here 's what you need to do . You see that laser circuit in the back ? You need to interrupt it with the mirror . Don 't touch anything else . Okay , hold it there . ( CIRCUIT WHIRS ) Now plug in the spool from the tape dispenser . Perfect . Now remove the pencil and grab the food tray . I 'll be monitoring you through the surveillance camera . When the door opens , you 'll have three minutes to get to the exit point . Get ready . What 's the tray for ? Him . ( GRUNTS ) Now grab his comms . We 're exploring some options . Options ? That 's what you 've got ? You told me this thing could take out an entire planet . I got an option for ya ... a preemptive strike . This isn 't a job for S.H.I.E.L.D. This is a job for the United States military . You want to make that call ? Go ahead . But you 'll probably lose them at " devil . " Do you think I 'm an idiot ? ( SIGHS ) Wouldn 't tell them the truth . Even if they could be convinced , by the time we dealt with all their second-guessing and red tape , whatever Hive 's planning would already be done . ( DOOR CLOSES ) Am I clear ? ( MOUSE CLICKS ) Lincoln , hold . May 's coming . Where ? I don 't see her . She 's approaching the intersection . Hang tight . I 'll distract her . ( KEYBOARD CLACKS ) ( ELECTRICITY BUZZES ) Now , Lincoln . Go now . Okay , you 're in the clear . Proceed to the exit point . FITZ : We shouldn 't act without knowing the last piece of the puzzle . Hive and his hole-in-the-wall gang recently stole something from an ATCU facility in Indiana . Till we find out where that is ... Acting without all the information could make things worse . It could be what Hive wants . He was the only thing to survive on that planet , and he survived for a reason . So what do you want me to do ? Trust us . ( TABLET BEEPS ) Oh , Daisy 's back in the system . She circumnavigated the anti-subversion code and gained access to Lincoln . That boy sure sleeps a lot . Unless ... ( TABLET BEEPING ) It 's a pre-recorded loop . Hey . You 're all right . You 're all right . Help is on its way . Trust you ? ♪ Oh , my God . What have I done ? I think you overcooked them , doc . How can I trust you when you can 't even keep track of your own Inhumans ? That 's two of them you 've lost . I should 've left you in the bar . - ( ALARM BLARING ) - What 's happening ? Hothead is loose , and he 's getting help from Swazy Daisy . COULSON : He 's not going anywhere . The base is sealed , and Fitz is freezing her out of the lock-down protocol . There 's still another way ... the way you two came in . Nobody knows about that except you , me , and now General Talbot . Are you sure ? Go check it out . Make sure it 's secure . Come with me . I 'm sorry , Phil , but I got to loop in the president . Give us some time . We 'll find him . ( BLARING CONTINUES ) ( SIGHS ) Another dead end . What 's going on ? Fitz , he 's ... he 's taken full control of the lock-down . I 'm trapped in here ? Relax . I 'll get you out . Yeah . Hopefully not in a body bag . I need the blue disc in port seven and gold disc in port four . Could you use an extra hand ? Mack . Uh , well , actually , I could use about seven , but one will do . I need you to put these in bay eight . Are we giving her the runaround , or is she giving it to us ? I think it 's a bit of both . All right , rebooting in three ... two ... one . ( CONSOLE WHIRS ) Okay . There 's no way he 's getting off this base unless he learns to fly . Actually , Daisy could fly him out . She 's nowhere near here . If she hacked into the Quinjet systems and reprogrammed them for autopilot , she could fly him out from anywhere in the world . ( SIGHS ) Spent so much time trying to secure the base , I didn 't even think of the Quinjet . ( TABLET BEEPING ) She 's locked us out . Okay , I 'm on it . ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) ♪ I 'm in . Are we all clear up there ? There 's a problem . I can 't access the camera on the upper deck . It may be having some issues . I made it this far . I 'm not stopping now . I won 't have eyes up there , Lincoln . You 'll be on your own . Looks clear to me . ( GRUNTS ) Can 't let you leave , Sparks . Let me go . I got to get to Daisy . You 're on a fool 's errand . The only reason she 's helping you is so Hive can make you one of them . Mack , you don 't understand . I need to go . I 'll keep your arms pinned down all day if I have to . Don 't make me do this ! ( ELECTRICITY ZAPS ) ( GROANS ) DAISY : Lincoln ? Lincoln , are you there ? You still there ? What happened ? I lost you . You didn 't lose me . Just a little complication . We 're good to go . Okay , get to one of the Quinjets , and I 'll do the rest . ( KEYBOARD CLACKING ) I-I don 't ... It should 've worked . Remove your restraints . Those are some nicely trained puppies . Bring me Dr. Radcliffe . Look , th-th-th-th-this is just science . I 'm gonna have to look at the data before I can say for sure what really happened here . I know ... I know the results are pretty unpleasant , but at least they didn 't completely melt this time . That 's ... That 's a significant improvement . I 'll redouble my efforts for the beta test . That won 't be necessary . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Don 't kill me . Please . It 'll work next time . You have my word . If not , kill me then . I mean , of course , I 'll beg again , but ... Get up . These will do just fine . ( PRIMITIVES SNARLING ) Are you serious ? These Primitives are an abomination of science and a very poor reflection of my talents . They are not abominations . I 've got to go with the Doc on this one . I mean [ SCOFFS ] they 're some very ugly muffins . They 're part of me ... and the Inhuman race . I want you to make more . Just one more test . There 's bound to be an improv ... More . Absolutely . How many ? ( BUTTONS CLICK ) ( ENGINE REVVING ) This is QJ-6 . Ready for takeoff . DAISY : Copy that , QJ-6 . I 'll see you in a few hours . Just you and me ? No one else ? Just us ... far away from everyone . ( PANTING ) Mack . Ohh . I 'm thinking maybe I 'm not the Inhuman whisperer . Lincoln ? You run a tight ship , Coulson . ( KEYBOARD CLACKING ) He 's on his way . Good . I 'll be there to greet him when he arrives . I know you feel bad about lying to him , though once he joins us , he 'll understand . Come . There 's something I want to show you . ( DOOR CLANKS , CREAKS ) ( PRIMITIVES GRUNTING ) What happened to them ? They 're part of us . Our children , really , from our own flesh and blood , and we 're gonna make more of them . So we 'll need more blood . How much ? All of it . Daisy 's out of the system . That 's good news , because I 'm gonna call the president and have that thing shot out of the sky . I 'm afraid I can 't let you make that call . Are you threatening me after you just let him escape ? MAY : He didn 't escape . Well , if he wasn 't on that jet that just flew out of here , then who the hell was ? Desperate times , desperate measures . ♪ ♪ ( GRUNTS ) ( GRUNTS , COUGHS ) LINCOLN : We knew Daisy was listening and monitoring our every move , so we couldn 't tell anyone . She had to believe it was all real . I communicated with him by leaving messages on his food trays . Your forgot the message about not hurting his friend . Sorry , Mack . I didn 't have any other option . Mack wasn 't supposed to be there . Excuse me for doing my job . The plan depended on Daisy listening to everything so that she 'd trust me and believe that I really wanted out . You had me fooled . Even though I wanted to , I never trusted Daisy ... not under Hive 's control . I knew that she wouldn 't be the one to greet me , no matter what she said . But what about the other risks ? Lash could kill Daisy . Did you stop to think about that ? It 's a risk we had to take . But he had the opportunity once before , and he let her go . I don 't think he 's meant to kill her . Who put him on the Quinjet ? I did while Coulson was keeping you distracted . You knew about this ? I run a tight ship . Why do you think this Lash can defeat Hive ? And who in tarnation names these things ? Every Inhuman is here for a reason and serves a purpose . ( LASH GRUNTS ) ♪ I believe Lash 's purpose is to kill Hive . ( ROARS ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( THUDDING ON DOOR ) ( PRIMITIVES GRUNTING ) ( EXHALES SHARPLY ) We 're being attacked . Some kind of a-a monster . You ... You shouldn 't . You 've lost a lot of blood . Daisy , please . I strongly advise against that . ( NECK SNAPS ) ( BONES CRACK ) - Where 's James ? - He 's on a beer run . I suggest we do the same . Or at least the ... the running part . Stay away from him . ( PANTING ) ( GASPING ) Now you 're free . ♪ ( GASPS ) ( CHAIN CLATTERS ) ( PANTING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( SWITCHES CLICK ) ( ENGINES REVVING ) Ragtag base , come in . This is Agent Daisy Johnson . I 'm coming home . Repeat ... I 'm coming home . ♪ Welcome back , Agent Johnson . It 's good to see you . ( BREATHES SHAKILY ) Lash died trying to save me . Did he manage to kill Hive ? Get her to the med bay . What if Lash wasn 't here to kill Hive ? He was here to save Daisy . That wasn 't Lash . Prep for immediate blood transfusion and full cranial scan . How do we know this isn 't a trap ? That she isn 't under Hive 's voodoo spell ? We 'll know soon enough . In the meantime ... have a little faith . ( MONITOR BEEPING ) Daisy is completely sway free . Her brain is back to normal . But she is suffering withdrawal symptoms from the effects of the sway . It 'll take some time . She 's resting now , recovering from that and the blood loss , but we do expect a full recovery . Nobody goes in there until I say ... but that 's good news . I know that look . That means there 's bad news , too . What is it ? Dr. Fitz ? Well , this is purely hypothetical , and there are a lot of unknown variables , but ... Based on what Daisy told us about Hive 's new pathogen ... We think we know what he plans to do with it . If he can create some short of shock wave , then Hive could potentially infect a significant percentage of the human race , turning them all into the swayed Primitive Inhumans that Daisy described ... If and only if he finds a way to disperse it - high enough in the atmosphere . - Yeah . He has a way . That thing he stole from the ATCU in Indiana . It was a warhead ... a fully operational warhead . ♪ We 'll return in a moment . - ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) - It 's open . - Elena . - ELENA : Mm . ( INHALES SHARPLY ) Does this mean you see a future now ? ( CHUCKLES ) Or I need a fast way out of here . ( CHUCKLES ) Daisy 's back . That 's a good thing , right ? Mm-hmm . Do you still think we can 't win ? ( SIGHS ) I don 't know , but I 'm ready to stand and fight . Give me your hands . Hmm ? ( CHUCKLES ) Close your eyes . Don 't open them until I leave . ♪ Keep the faith , Alphonso Mackenzie . ( DOOR OPENS , CLOSES )
