 Previously on " Hunters " ... ( Ted ) I want to show you the truth . Daddy , no , stop , stop ! - This is what we are . - And what are you ? I don 't know . ( Briggs ) Musa Wazari , possible pseudonym for Brother Number Four . ( Jules ) That 's their leader . He 's like the bin Laden of little green men . - We found him . - Brother Number Four ? - ( Flynn ) You killed my wife . - No , I am your wife . Shoot me , do it . - Do it ! - ( gunshot ) Slavich 's last words to me were about Hunters being inside the ETU . We 're not calling the ETU . If there is a mole and we call it in , - they 'll tip Musa off . - ( Briggs ) She 's one of them . If they sent me home to fight my people , I wouldn 't do it . ( Musa ) Don 't be afraid , you 're one of us . I am your brother . You belong to me . ( Jackson ) It 's been 48 hours since we lost contact with Agent Regan . She was last seen with the Hunters ' leader Musa Wazari . AKA Brother Number Four . We 'll do everything we can to bring her home . But as of now , we have no line on her whereabouts . ( screaming ) You bastards ! Let me out ! ( screaming ) Agent Briggs , in your report you wrote that Agent Regan appeared to be a willing passenger in Musa 's helicopter . Yes , ma 'am . From my vantage point , it looked like that . They were talking to each other . Musa didn 't have a weapon on her . I won 't do it . I 'm not like you . I 'm not like you , you hear me ? I 'm not like you ! We can 't assume that she won 't talk . You put anyone under enough duress , and they 'll eventually break . All the more reason we need to find her . We have a mole compromising our every move . And our imperative is to minimize damage to the ETU . No , our imperative is to find Agent Regan . One of ours is in enemy hands . I 'm assuming control . - You what ? - You heard me . I 'm taking the running of this operation . Stand down . We need to determine what sensitive information Regan had clearance to , what she may have accessed without authorization , and whether or not any of those systems have been breached . And until those tasks are completed , Agent Regan is on her own . A parasite controlling her actions , which made her ill-tempered and confused . She hid under the deck her father never finished building . Thrill of the hunt . They 'd let her off her leash and she 'd bolt into the fields . Sniffing , whimpering for one of you little critters to come out . Thrill of the hunt . ( snaps neck ) It made him happy . So happy . ♪ I am calling for you ♪ ♪ You are why ♪ ♪ I 'm still breathing here ♪ ♪ For you ♪ ♪ Briggs . - ( sighs ) - Why 'd you say that shit about Regan ? Because it 's true . You couldn 't have seen Regan and Musa talking . Well , you saw what you saw , and I saw what I saw . You were too far away to see any detail . You know that . How 's the hand ? What ? The hand tremors ? No idea what you 're talking about . And the panic attack at the prison ? Huh ? And is that booze ? And it 's , what , 10 : 00 a.m. This isn 't about me . Really ? You sure , man ? Because I know PTSD can mess with a soldier 's memory . So you 're a shrink now , too ? I 'd trust my word over yours any day . - We 'll see . - Yes , sir , I 'm very well aware of the time imperative . I have now assumed command , and it will be taken care of . We are in a crisis . I respect your decision to assume command , but Ruth ... the implication that my actions have been anything less than professional is personally offensive . You could have bombed the prison and killed Musa . You should have ... but you hesitated . Because Musa is more valuable alive than dead . Your decision wasn 't strategic , Truss , it was emotional . I 'd do the same for any member of this unit including you . But I 'm not the mole , Regan is . Since the leak in Colombia , I have done my due diligence on every agent in this team . I have had all of them under constant surveillance . And I 've had you under the same . Of course . I have nothing to hide , and I would expect no less . And yet we 've turned up nothing . Perhaps we haven 't gone far enough . What is she to you , exactly ? You 've already got six children of your own , and I sense no prurient interest . Is Agent Regan some sort of interplanetary missionary project ? " All creatures great and small ? God made them all . " She is not a creature . She 's a soldier , our soldier . And we must do whatever it takes to bring her back . Very well then . I want a full review of Agent Regan 's files , and a debriefing on our paper trail with her by 04 : 00 . And Truss ? Shut the door on your way out . It 's okay , we 're not going to hurt you . I know you . You 're Abby Carroll . ( meat sizzling ) Allison . You have been with us for four days now . Tell me , what have you learned ? I know you killed my parents . Is that what the humans told you ? It 's what I saw . I had your parents brought in because your father went native . I haven 't seen him in years . He ran away in the night like an unruly child . I know you 're hungry . Here , let me feed you . That 's right . - I am your Brother . - I don 't know what that means . It means you respect me . ( Flynn ) Regan 's not the mole . Well , I agree , but I 'm not calling the shots right now . Finnerman banished me to archives to keep me out of the loop . In Turkey , Briggs told me Jules accused Regan of knowing more about the Hunter language than she was letting on . I never said that . And I could barely see Regan in that chopper . There 's no way Briggs saw what he said he did . It 's a blatant lie . You think Briggs is the mole ? Exhibiting a passionate hatred of them is good cover . Like he 's just Hunterphobic to prove a point . But I 'm not accusing anyone without evidence . We could sweep his stuff , just to be safe . Sir , if we find the mole , it could lead us to Regan . Search his belongings . Jules , keep an eye on Briggs . Don 't tell Finnerman . ( Flynn ) Copy that . ( door opens , closes ) Just get it over with . And what would that be ? Whatever it is you Hunter freaks do . But I don 't want to punish you , Allison . I want to save you . From myself , right ? In a way , yes . I 'm going to save you from your humanity . That is why you came to me . To be reunited with your own kind . Terrorists who kill innocent people ? No thanks . Barbaric , I agree , but also necessary . What we 've done was for our survival . Not unlike the cruelties humans commit on each other , including your beloved Truss Jackson . You don 't know anything about him . Or humans . I 've lived as a human longer than you 've been alive . I can tell you with absolute certainty that no matter how much you want to believe it , you 're not one of them . I 'm not one of you , either . Oh , but you are . You are . This ... This human skin we wear , it cannot suppress our Hunter urges . You need to learn to embrace your hunger , your desire . The Hunter in you . I 'm going to heal you ... - of your human wound . - ( Regan gasps ) Psst . Hey , I found something . Doesn 't look at all suspicious . Hello . ( Jules ) I ran diagnostics . Briggs used the card to call only one number 14 times , with the first just under a year ago . - ( Jackson ) Who was he calling ? - McCarthy . The calls stopped when we arrested him . Briggs was one of Finnerman 's hires . He went Aldrich Ames on our asses . What he 's done is treason . ( Flynn ) And he might know where Regan is . The longer she 's out there , the more she 's in danger . Take this to Finnerman . If she thinks it comes from me , well , she 'll only have another reason to think I 'm trying to protect Regan . We never had this conversation . I got a lead on Regan 's whereabouts . We 're running out of time to find her . You 're Flynn 's wife . I never was . Are you ready ? For what ? The body you inhabit , think of it as clothing . Cheap rags that cover the real you . No thanks . I 've seen what you things really look like . You have no idea how beautiful you really are . Your human form is just an ugly lie . Like you pretending to be Flynn 's wife and Emme 's mom ? What you 're about to experience , I 've also experienced . It 's not easy . ( whispering ) Just remember that I 'm here to help you . Hey ... did you know Regan has a criminal record ? - When she was a teenager ... - Briggs ! ( grunting ) This is bullshit , Carroll . Did Jackson put you up to this ? Agent Briggs . Your wacko cult brainwashing shit isn 't going to work on me . The humans brainwashed you . We 'll purify you . Blood just like this pumps from your heart , flows through your veins and arteries , feeds your organs . You really have drunk the gray Kool-Aid . I know you don 't want to be here . You love Flynn . He loves you . You have a daughter . You 're a family . We can get out of here together . They trust you . They left you alone with me , please . I am your prisoner . You can do whatever you want with me . No , but this is your chance . Your chance at getting your life back . This is my life . Hunters are my family . And they 're yours , too . It 's okay . I 'm here . It 's all going to be okay . - Do you want to hold my hand ? - Hell no . Just relax . ( whirring ) I hear them . ( screaming ) ( giggling ) Morning , kitty . Hey , Emme , what do you say we hit Wawa ? Grab some doughnuts on the way to school ? Come on , jelly-filled , hot chocolate . Let 's go . I 'll go by myself . - It 's what us strays do . - Emme ... You see that , yeah ? I 'm trying here . She 's a teenager . That 's how they roll . And you are the grown-up ... technically speaking . Yeah . I love you . Who 's there ? - ( gunshot ) - ( screaming ) ( screaming ) ( Musa ) She 's fighting hard against us . - How is she holding up ? - ( Abby ) She 's asleep , finally . She 's stronger than I expected . And just as stubborn . She believes she can stay human . McCarthy said the same about you . But you returned to us , and so will she . But being human is all she knows . You have a unique perspective on her condition . Flynn and the girl . You loved them . I thought I did , but I was confused . Which is exactly what you need to teach her . That what she believes herself to be is not real . She 'll be ready for the Purge . If the latest experiment fails , we 'll need the human . Sterling Martinez . Such strange appellations . She doesn 't even know her real name . ( clicking ) Regan wasn 't the mole . She was your scapegoat . We found this in your locker . Why sell us out ? Money ? Threats ? Ego ? ( Flynn ) That whole sob story about your lover getting ripped apart by Hunters . Did you ever serve ? Or was that bullshit , too ? You 're like a scared little boy , trying so hard to do someone else 's dirty work . Too messed up to see you 're being used . Get out of my face . ( distant traffic ) ( Regan ) This is stupid . ( Jackson ) Answer the question . - Do you know any other Hunters ? - I already answered that . Do you want to live a normal life ? Then you have to come work for us . That 's the deal we both agreed to . And who is " us " ? FBI , CIA ? The Postal Service ? Take this seriously . One wrong answer ... Finnerman will send you straight back to your cell . You may never get out . Do you know any other Hunters ? Only my parents . But the Hunters killed them . Are you loyal to the United States of America ? I 'm loyal to you . Hagi . _ _ ( speaking in Russian ) What can I help you with my friend ? Do you recall this man ? He fought for the Romanian anti-communists the same time we did . I 've met him two , maybe three times . What is he to you ? I just want to reconnect . I sold him AKs , RPGs , plastic explosives . You know , the usual stuff . Nothing else ? This one time , he came to me and he said that he wanted to buy a mine . Crazy . A mine ? A mine , a big hole in the ground . He wanted my help in bribing local officials . But the Communists ... What kind of mine ? ( gasping ) My name is Allison Regan . I 'm 26 years old . I know , Allison . I know what you 've gone through . Hiding your molting , denying your Hunter urges . Knowing that you don 't belong . I know your confusion , your fear , your loneliness . ( sobbing ) ( gasping ) Please don 't . Please don 't . I want to give you a gift , Allison . The most perfect , truthful gift you will ever receive . Shh ... ( Regan ) Get it off ! Get this skin off me ! ( screaming ) ( sighing ) We 've been at this for hours . - Mm-hmm . - How much longer is this gonna take ? Give us a minute . No back up . Well , come on then , do your worst . I don 't give a shit why you did it . All we care about is getting Regan back safe . Briggs , come on , man . Tell us where she is . You set me up . You couldn 't prove I was the mole , so ... you planted evidence . That 's crazy . I wouldn 't do that . I would . And I did . That shit about Regan in the chopper . Regan and the clickety clack ... But the story I told you about Afghanistan ... that wasn 't a lie . Hunters ripped my heart out . Brendan was the love of my life . I served . We served together . Until the day we didn 't . And I am the last person who would cut a deal with those Guano fuckers . Whatever the price . I didn 't plant that SIM card in the locker . And Regan 's not here . Then it 's someone who didn 't think through the fact that I 'm a cleaner . That 's my stock-in-trade . Leave no trace . Jules ran the diagnostic . Told us you made the calls to McCarthy . And he knew about Turkey and Colombia . And he has access to all our files , passwords , briefings ... - That son of a bitch . - We 'll need proof . I 'll notify Finnerman . Shit . ( Briggs ) Tech with an unlocked computer ? He wanted us to find this . He 's been watching us the whole time . Is the steak too well-done for you ? I haven 't eaten meat in ten years . I gave it up after you took my parents . I was on my own . - I had to fend for myself . - By hunting . Killing felt ... natural . I hated myself for it . You 've killed for the ETU . Jackson told me we had to , to save people . - That we needed to stop you . - What did your parents tell you ? Not much . Are they still alive ? The humans know more than I do . The ETU has more intel on us than they 've shared with you . They know exactly where your parents are , I don 't . Well , who does , Jackson ? You 've only glimpsed who you truly are . You must also learn where you come from . Where we come from . But I 'm not sure you 're ready to hear it . I want to know . Tell me . Please , Brother . ( clicking ) ( Musa ) We come from a war-torn world . Not unlike this earth . The battles between the enslaved and the rulers took many lives . But I survived as did your parents . The victors boarded a ship to take us to a distant planet to colonize . A world to call our own . But there was a revolt . They call themselves the Exalted . We all fled the ship and fell to earth . Apart , desperate , - alone . - ( clicking ) Until I found others . This is why we are here . Are you the Exalted ? - Did you cause the revolt ? - No . The Exalted are all gone now . Like I said , there was always a war . Abby mentioned a breeding camp . You want to know how you were born . In the tub , I saw part of it . Until we become human , we have no gender . No race either . Our status amongst our kind is not always reflected in this flesh . Your parents chose well . You were lucky . I had to take the first body I found . I would have preferred something a little ... taller . We have no genders . - That 's intense . So how do we ... ? - The stirrings that you feel ... You don 't understand what you truly long for . What you need . Show me . I have the perfect guide . ( Musa ) Don 't be afraid . Abby will not leave you . We are all part of one another . ( all clicking ) ( keypad beeping ) ( line ringing ) It 's Jules , Callaway . The ETU is on to me , I 'm at our meeting point . I need help now . Fuck . Jules is in the wind . - Apparently he left us a message . - You didn 't say the magic word . ( Finnerman ) I bet we paid him overtime to code this . Jules was my hire . He had a congressman as a reference , for God 's sakes . I mean , that alone should 've raised my hackles . ( Jackson ) You couldn 't have known . Jules passed all security clearances , and ... We went to him , he didn 't come to us . It 's not unlike the way we met up with Musa in Romania . It hardly compares . I went to see Hagi . Despite the fact I ordered you to stand down . You 'll forgive my recalcitrance when you see the intel he gave me . Lithium . We know about this for sure ? Hunters have been seeking access to lithium mines in Romania as far back as 1989 . The raw material for thermonuclear weapons . My guess , they never stopped . I ran all the lithium mines in the U.S. There are a dozen in Wyoming , five in North Carolina , and one in West Virginia . West Virginia , near Circleton ? Only eight miles from Regan 's childhood home . Owned by a Devil 's Tower Mining Corporation . Regan 's parents could have been running that mine covertly . And we need to find out as soon as possible . Your unit , your call . All right , agents , listen up . We have a possible lead on a Hunters ' hideout . Devil 's Tower Mining Corporation in West Virginia . A mine ? As in minerals ? As in lithium . Only the business address we have for Devil 's Tower Mining is actually an abandoned hospital . ( Flynn ) Like some kind of front ? Well , it 's a cover for the Hunters ' operation . Conveniently close to Agent Regan 's childhood home . - Oh , predictable . - She 's not the mole , Jules is . Just because he was guilty , doesn 't mean she 's innocent . ( Jackson ) What we do know is that both Jules and Agent Regan are missing , and our best and only lead to their whereabouts is here . The abandoned hospital abuts a forest which runs along the Allegheny . The lithium mine itself is also abandoned , several miles away . We will start by raiding the hospital and take it from there . Let 's gear up , move it out . Jules has left us a message . So , we 'll send him one of our own . That was ... amazing . Whatever it was . Your parents never told you about the birds and the bees ? I 'm starting to realize my parents never really told me anything . Well , first off , your mom and dad aren 't your real family . They were assigned to you . Like you to Flynn ? Something like that . Wait , don 't tell me Musa 's my real dad . It doesn 't work that way . You come from a group of nine . The same group I come from , but from a different breeding cycle . So we 're like sisters ? Sisters who just had sex . Not a fair comparison . Hunter relations are not the same as human relations . Clearly . So what about your " human relations " ? I don 't have any , not anymore . But you must miss Flynn ? You were married for six years , right ? That time is over for me . It 's almost over for you too . There 's just one more thing you need to do . ( phone ringing through ) I 'm still waiting . Where the hell are you ? ( keypad beeping ) ( clicking ) ( clicking stops ) ( keypad beeping ) ( clicking ) ( panting ) ( clicking ) A new species appears . The most incredible thing to ever happen in the history of mankind . But Hunters are smart , and they know better than to try to make peace . After all , look at how we treat our own kind . Good luck finding somebody else to spy on citizens for you and order drone strikes for you and torture people for you . The ETU let a newborn and its mother die to get intel . And we call Hunters terrorists ? Being a good guy doesn 't feel like being a good guy anymore . I 'm done . Game fucking over . ( tires screech ) ( Flynn ) I hope your Russian friend is on the money . ( Jackson ) He 's never let me down . Search the building . Watch yourselves . ( rattling ) ( clicking ) ( gasping ) No ! No ! No ! ( heartbeat ) - ( clicking ) - No ! ( gasping ) ( screeching ) ( gasping ) ( groaning ) ( coughs , gurgles ) Please , oh , please . ( soft groaning ) ( gurgling ) ( Briggs ) There 's a tub full of Hunter blood . It 's warm . Roger that . Hospital 's clear . What the hell is that ? Sir ? Jules . ( Briggs ) They tore him apart . ( cell phone vibrating ) Jackson . Where ? Are you all right ? What happened ? I got away . Come on inside the house .
