 ANDREW COLLINS : Everywhere that you look , there are monuments that the archaeologists had absolutely no knowledge of whatsoever . DAVID CHILDRESS : It would seem to be all of the cultures were trying to signal some kind of sky people . Â ♪ Â ♪ DAVID WILCOCK : What if , when we go past that wall , the real treasure trove is waiting inside ? GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : With the technology that has been and is being developed at the moment , archaeology will have to accept the fact we have been visited by extraterrestrials in the remote past . NARRATOR : Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , will new evidence reveal , once and for all , that we are not alone ? Â ♪ Â ♪ NARRATOR : Throughout recorded history , archaeologists have discovered new structures , carvings and texts that have put into question the established notions of our past . Ruins dating back thousands of years reveal engineering skill surpassing even modern capabilities . Ancient rock art depicts figures that resemble astronauts . And mysterious monoliths aligned with the stars dot the landscapes of nearly every continent . In his 1968 book , Chariots of the Gods ? , Erich von Daniken proposed that all of this evidence pointed to one profound truth , that extraterrestrials had visited Earth in the distant past and changed the course of human history . Â ♪ Â ♪ This concept is known as ancient astronaut theory , and today it is embraced by literally millions of people around the world . Everyone in this room wants to ask , have you watched Ancient Aliens , and what 's your comment about that series ? REPORTER : King Tut 's tomb may have more mysteries to reveal . The California Institute of Technology published a study claiming they have discovered a true ninth planet beyond Pluto . NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theorists suggest the evidence that extraterrestrials visited Earth is all around us and say that with new technology , we are uncovering more proof than ever before . Liquid water has been found on Mars . REPORTER 2 : NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope ... have made independent confirmations in the hunt for extra-solar planets . REPORTER 3 : Gliese 581 . This would be the most Earth-like exoplanet yet discovered . In the past few years , different shafts were discovered in the Great Pyramid . That was only possible because of our modern technology . The same thing happens in astronomy . Because of the Hubble Telescope , we have discovered more than two-and-a-half thousand so-called exoplanets , planets out of our solar system . The same thing in genetics . It 's all connected . We should finally understand to link all these things together . CHILDRESS : With all of the new technologies that archaeologists have to use now , ground-penetrating radar , satellite images , uh , even the access of Google Earth , has been a tremendous boon to archaeologists , and they 're now finding things that we never thought existed . WILCOCK : Science ultimately is a belief system that is based on certain evidence , but as new evidence comes in , authentic scientific investigation requires you to incorporate that evidence into the model that you are constructing . If we look at the recent findings , we 're seeing the most revolutionary breakthroughs in the field of ancient astronaut theory that we have ever seen . NARRATOR : Wiltshire , England . Here stands one of the most mysterious stone monuments on Earth , Stonehenge . For centuries , it has baffled archaeologists , but in September of 2015 , just two miles away , a discovery was made that could provide an important new piece to the puzzle . At the Durrington Walls , Great Britain 's largest ancient henge structure- - or circular earthwork- - archaeologists , using ground-penetrating radar , uncovered something astonishing , nearly 100 monolithic standing stones . Recently , a type of super-henge was discovered only two miles from Stonehenge , and it 's a giant mystery because , according to the working archaeologists , it 's older . So the question now is , if it 's older than Stonehenge , what was its purpose , and why was it built ? This is the southern side of Durrington Walls , the southern edge of the great Superhenge . And beneath my feet is at least one and another here of the 90 great stones . Now , these stones , which were perhaps 15 feet in size , weighing anything between ten and 15 tons apiece , were part of a huge arc that faced out towards the northern night sky . They were constructed as part of a mysterious monument even earlier than Durrington Walls , which dates to around 2500 BC . So they could be hundreds , perhaps even thousands , of years earlier , and exactly why it 's here is a complete mystery . DAVID CHEETHAM : These stones were purposely buried , and they seem to be part of a ritual complex that goes way beyond that particular site , into the entire plain on which it 's found . So these stones encircle one part of the site and were consequently buried under a mound , which is really mysterious . NARRATOR : While the stones of Superhenge that have been discovered so far form an arc , many researchers believe that it was originally a full circle , much like another ancient structure located just 300 yards to the south , Woodhenge . This is Woodhenge . This was a smaller monument consisting of six concentric rings of wooden posts that pointed up towards the sky as much as 4,000 years ago . And this monument itself , being circular in the same way that Stonehenge was , suggests to us that the 90 stones around the edge of Durrington was a huge great circle in itself , the largest ring of stones anywhere in Europe , perhaps even in the world . NARRATOR : Incredibly , the newly discovered Superhenge is not all that has been uncovered beneath the earth here . Since July 2010 , an international team of experts- - as part of the Stonehenge Hidden Landscapes Project- - has been mapping the entire area using the latest technology . More than 15 underground sites have been found . ThCHEETHAM : There 's no doubt that these finds will cause English archaeologists to have to revisit everything we know about Stonehenge , because Stonehenge is not going to be considered an isolate or something that 's curious . NARRATOR : While mainstream scientists believe Stonehenge and its surrounding sites were ancient ritual and burial grounds , there is no written record to explain why ancient people chose to move and erect massive blocks that weigh up to 50 tons- - some of which were transported from over 100 miles away . And now that a second Stonehenge has been found , the theory that these sites were simply burial grounds has been thrown into greater question . DAVID WHITEHEAD : These ancient people had a great deal of knowledge about how to align these structures perfectly . So , we 're dealing with an advanced civilization , to say the least . Where they had that knowledge , where they got that knowledge , where they developed the ability to put these incredible monuments together , it boggles the mind . NARRATOR : Archaeologists believe that Stonehenge 's two rings of standing stones may be simply the remains of a much larger structure , based on the presence of the earthen henge that surrounds it . This has led to speculation that Superhenge also contained additional rings , and that these structures might even have had walls and roofs . But if true , was this area of England much more than simply a site of religious ceremony ? WILLIAM HENRY : When we look to these extraordinary structures on Earth , it makes you wonder , did extraterrestrials have a hand in creating these massive monuments ? Or did they teach humans how to build these monuments ? CHILDRESS : So you have to wonder what the purpose of these giant stone circles are around the world . Is it possible that they were some kind of spaceport or a conceived city ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that Stonehenge and the many structures that surround it are the remnants of an extraterrestrial spaceport ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that further proof exists in the form of DNA evidence , hidden in the tomb of King Tut . RAMY ROMANY : They have confirmed that they might have discovered another passway behind King Tut 's burial chamber . WILCOCK : We go in there , we 're going to find artifacts that could be undeniably extraterrestrial . NARRATOR : Luxor , Egypt . Here lies the tomb of the world 's most famous pharaoh ... King Tutankhamun . When it was discovered in 1922 , completely intact and preserved after more than 3,000 years , it was considered one of the most significant archaeological discoveries of all time . But as spectacular a find as it was , almost a century later , new evidence has come to light that there may be much more to King Tut 's final resting place than meets the eye . While examining high-resolution scans of the tomb on September 28 , 2015 , British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves found something remarkable- - the possibility of two hidden passages connected directly to King Tut 's burial chamber . ROBERT BAUVAL : There was a Spanish company , who was recruited to scan the tomb of Tutankhamun in order to replicate it . It is through this high definition photography scanning that Reeves noticed that on the north wall of the burial chamber , there is some cracks , indicating the possibility of a door . And also on the eastern wall . So there 's two possible chambers . ROMANY : Reeves took his laser images to Dr. Mamdouh Eldamaty , who is the Minister of Antiquities in Egypt , and they both decided to dig further . They used thermal scanning , which tells you the exact density of the wall at every part . And they have confirmed that they might have discovered another passway or a chamber behind King Tut 's burial chamber . NARRATOR : Whether there are more buried treasures beyond the painted walls remains to be seen . But if so , Reeves has a theory . He believes the passageway may lead to the tomb of Queen Nefertiti- - the wife of Pharaoh Akhenaten , who ruled during the 14th century BC . NARRATOR : But why would Nefertiti 's tomb be hidden beyond King Tut 's ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe there may be a profound reason- - that Queen Nefertiti was not of this world . Nefertiti 's parents are unknown . On pictures , she is shown with one of these elongated heads . Now we know the gods , the old Egyptian gods , they had longer heads than we have . And according to the pyramid texts , sometimes they left the Earth , and then they returned again . So Nefertiti 's parents were maybe extraterrestrials . ROMANY : King Akhenaten and his wife looked completely different than all the other ancient Egyptian kings . King Akhenaten always was depicted with an elongated skull , a bigger-size hip , a belly that drools over his belt . He believed that he wasn 't a man and he wasn 't a woman and he wasn 't a king . He was just something else . BAUVAL : The most unusual feature is , uh , elongated skulls . There 's been a lot of discussions about what these skulls meant . Whether they were literally elongated skulls , or whether they were just decoration features . It 's certainly very intriguing . It doesn 't appear before or afterwards . So there 's something rather odd about this , I have to admit . NARRATOR : The reign of Akhenaten and Nefertiti introduced a new and controversial monotheistic faith to Egypt- - worshipping the disc-shaped sun god Aten . TSOUKALOS : The Aten was described as this flying sun disc . Egyptologists are merely saying that this was nothing else but the sun , but the question is : Can the sun instruct you in different disciplines ? And the answer is no . So we have to see whether or not our ancestors encountered technology and misinterpreted it as something in nature . NARRATOR : Is it possible the depictions of Akhenaten and Nefertiti- - along with their worship of a disc-shaped god- - are evidence that they were not of this world ? And if so , might Queen Nefertiti 's tomb contain DNA evidence of their extraterrestrial origins ? The ancient Egyptians did not want us to know anything about Nefertiti or Akhenaten , or even Tutankhamen . They made every effort they possibly could to erase all references to their existence . So what is it about Nefertiti that makes the opening of her tomb so powerful ? This ultimately goes back to Akhenaten and Nefertiti 's introduction of the teaching of the celestial disc . What if , when we go past that wall , the real treasure trove is waiting inside , and when we go in there , we 're going to find artifacts that could be undeniably extraterrestrial ? NARRATOR : Could this tomb hide otherworldly secrets and treasures ? Might we be on the verge of locating indisputable evidence of extraterrestrial intervention in the distant past ? Perhaps additional pieces to the puzzle can be found deep within the temple of a flying serpent god . COLLINS : Why would you put liquid mercury inside a tomb ? TSOUKALOS : Mercury has very good uses in space travel . NARRATOR : Teotihuacan , Mexico . April 24 , 2015 . For six years , Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gómez has been performing an excavation of the ancient city 's third largest pyramid , the Pyramid of Quetzalcoatl , which dates back to the second century AD . Gómez has uncovered numerous relics in the course of his excavation , but on this date , he discovers something completely unexpected in a chamber below the pyramid : Large quantities of liquid mercury . COLLINS : Gómez has been gradually penetrating a tunnel and he 's now reached a depth of 300 feet . But along the way , they found liquid mercury . Now , why would you put liquid mercury inside a tomb ? GEORGE NOORY : You wouldn 't want to put mercury down there just for the heck of it , because if you get too close to it , or too involved with it , it 's gonna kill you . NARRATOR : Mercury is an extremely rare and conductive element that , today , is used primarily in electronics and automobiles , so the presence of this dangerous substance below an ancient Aztec pyramid has puzzled scientists . But ancient astronaut theorists believe the mercury found at this temple- - a temple built to honor Quetzalcoatl , the feathered serpent that came down from the sky- - may have a direct connection to the beings the Aztecs referred to as their gods . Now , liquid mercury was not only found in Teotihuacan . According to old Indian texts , liquid mercury was one part of the propulsion system which the extraterrestrials used for their flying machines . WILCOCK : There are many legends that the Nazis themselves actually went through these Sanskrit texts in order to help them develop their own flying craft technology . What we know from the leaked German scientific reports is that , apparently , if you subject mercury to a very high level of electrostatic charge and then rotate it , you get a gravitational thrust which allows you to create inertial force that can counteract the normal force of gravity . TSOUKALOS : So the idea that we have references to mercury in a chamber of the Feathered Serpent ... One has to ask the question : what was this Feathered Serpent ? According to the ancient astronaut theory , we are talking about physical craft that , at some point , were misinterpreted as living creatures . NARRATOR : Could this incredible discovery of liquid mercury provide further proof that the Feathered Serpent was actually a spacecraft ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe another toxic tomb may help answer this question . Shaanxi Province , China . Here , buried deep under a hill , lies Emperor Qin Shi Huang . Undisturbed for more than 2,000 years , his tomb is best known for the discovery of thousands of Terra-cotta Warriors . But much of the massive underground structure has not yet been excavated , due to high levels of mercury . If somebody were to ask me , " What is the most fantastic archaeological site on the planet Earth ? " , my answer would be simple and it would be quick : it 's the tomb of Emperor Qin . Writings from the time of Emperor Qin , second century BC , told us that this guy was buried in a tomb that had a scale model of China inside of it , with flowing rivers of mercury moving around the cities that were built in scale models . NARRATOR : Is it coincidence that an ancient tomb in China and an ancient temple in Mexico both contain liquid mercury ? Curiously , much like the Aztec story of Quetzalcoatl coming down from the sky , the Chinese say the ancestor of Qin Shi Huang- - the Yellow Emperor- - descended from the heavens on a dragon . According to some mythological accounts , the Yellow Emperor was riding around on a dragon when he saw the people of Earth in need . And so he descended from the heavens to help them . NARRATOR : According to Chinese myth , after ruling for 100 years , the Yellow Emperor called for the return of the dragon . WILCOCK : 70 different people from his own staff all got on board this dragon and flew away . The dragon is said to travel vast distances in short periods of time . So the yellow dragon does appear to be a very large spacecraft , traveling at extraordinary speed , and all of the events that I 'm describing to you actually did take place in physical , tangible reality . Liquid mercury is such an obscure substance . So how do we account for both the ancient Aztecs and the Chinese creating rivers of mercury in the tombs of some of their greatest figures , unless they know the hidden secrets of the substance , hidden secrets that were taught to them by extraterrestrials ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that the Aztec story of a flying feathered serpent and the Chinese story of a dragon coming down from the sky are both describing alien spacecraft ? And is this why liquid mercury has been found in tombs both in Mexico and China ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and propose even more compelling evidence that our ancestors encountered otherworldly technology might lie high in the mountains of Peru , hidden beneath the earth . COLLINS : Equipment detected that there was metal inside this hidden chamber . HENRY : We 're talking about being able to recover the power that Pachacutec possessed . NARRATOR : Machu Picchu , Peru . This stone citadel of the Inca civilization was built high in the Andes Mountains around 1450 AD , but was suddenly and mysteriously abandoned roughly a century later . Mainstream scholars contend the construction of Machu Picchu was led by Emperor Pachacutec and took thousands of men working decades to complete . But ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the precise construction , the transportation of massive blocks and the Incas ' own accounts all point to a very different explanation for Machu Picchu : That it was built with the help of otherworldly beings . Emperor Pachacutec was believed to have had a special bond with the god Viracocha . ED BARNHART : Pachacutec , in the days leading up to the great battle against the Chanka , he takes kind of a retreat . He goes to a lake . And out of the sky drops this piece of metal into the lake . When he fishes it out of the lake , it 's a mirror . And he sees an image in the mirror . This supernatural creature in the mirror tells him , " I am your father . " You will win many battles in your lifetime , this one included . " The image is actually Viracocha , the creator deity . And then as Pachacutec stood with his vastly smaller army , these giant megalithic stones came to life and became his army , and crushed the Chanka . Pachacutec actually had the power of Viracocha behind him . It makes one wonder if , in fact , this was extraterrestrial technology . NARRATOR : Could the story of Pachacutec levitating massive stones be true ? And might the mirror that fell from the sky have been some type of alien technology ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and suggest a new discovery at Machu Picchu may reveal what happened to this otherworldly device . Â ♪ Â ♪ French engineer David Crespy was vacationing in Machu Picchu in 2010 , when he discovered that at the bottom of one of the main buildings , there seemed to be a doorway , purposely sealed up with rocks . In August of 2011 , he reached out to Thierry Jamin , a French archaeologist that has been studying Peru and the Incan Empire for more than 15 years . Within a month , Thierry started his own investigation with local archaeologists and specialists in funerary sites . Thierry and radar technician Ricardo Hamada took a scan from above the blocked entrance with ground-penetrating radar . The image on the radar detector reveals a large cavity , and the broken lines indicate there may also be stairs leading even further down into the earth . Other equipment detected that there was metals inside this hidden chamber . Gold , silver , and other types of metallic objects , suggesting very strongly that we 're dealing with some kind of a tomb . NARRATOR : Although Thierry has confirmed Crespy 's suspicions that the odd structure was an entrance sealed off at some point by the Incas , the Peruvian authorities have since banned his return to the site for further investigations . ( Thierry Jamin speaking Spanish ) TRANSLATOR : All of the iconographic and archaeological elements show us that this is all associated with the mausoleum of Pachacutec . Maybe the most important archaeological treasure ever found in Machu Picchu . NARRATOR : Could the tomb of Pachacutec lie beyond these rocks ? And is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that it might also contain advanced technology , the so-called " magic mirror " that was said to have been given to Pachacutec by the creator god Viracocha ? HENRY : We 're talking about the emperor as having a connection with this extraterrestrial being . Now think about it . If-if we 're talking about recovering his tomb and his artifacts , then we 're talking about ultimately being able to recover the power that Pachacutec possessed . And what we 're going to be seeing here is , I believe , ironclad evidence emerging of extraterrestrial involvement in human affairs . NARRATOR : When the underground chamber found at Machu Picchu is excavated , will we discover undeniable proof that this site was constructed with extraterrestrial technology ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest further evidence can be found by examining newly discovered Nazca Lines as well as similar geoglyphs found on the other side of the world . BRIEN FOERSTER : They 're much more complex than the Nazca geoglyphs in that they are three-dimensional . COLLINS : This could 've been some huge , great , megalithic stone setting . NARRATOR : Nazca , Peru . First discovered in 1927 , the Nazca Lines consist of hundreds of designs known as geoglyphs , that can only be seen from above . Scattered over 200 square miles in southern Peru , mainstream archaeologists believe the figures were created by the ancient Nazca people sometime between the first and eighth centuries AD . Ancient astronaut theorists have been studying the Nazca Lines for years . and they say new evidence proves that aliens not only visited Nazca , but continued to return there over the centuries . On July 7 , 2015 , a team of anthropologists from Yamagata University in Japan revealed they had found new Nazca lines that , due to erosion , are impossible to make out with the naked eye . By conducting a three-dimensional scan of the ground , they uncovered a total of 24 images , including strange-looking humanoid figures , a disembodied head and a llama 65 feet long . According to their findings , the new geoglyphs date from 400 to 200 BC , making them hundreds of years older than those previously discovered . These new finds are instrumental in showing the duration of which these types of modifications were going on , on the desert floor , for hundreds and hundreds of years , involving different cultures , with different motivations and different depictions . It would seem to be all of the cultures were trying to signal some kind of sky people and probably , over time , were trying to induce them to come back down from the sky and land their ships . You have to wonder then if , with at least four successive cultures doing this , that you would think they must have had some success . NARRATOR : Some ancient astronaut theorists have even suggested that the discovery of older Nazca lines may indicate that the people responsible for the later geoglyphs were imitating what was originally made by the extraterrestrials themselves . JASON MARTELL : So the question starts to rise is : were various different people coming to Nazca to make these petroglyphs and these large diagrams ? Or were they possibly recreating some initial experiment or some initial thing that took place ? What if some of the early cultures in Nazca actually experienced interaction with beings that were creating edifices that can only be seen from the sky , and the only way to get to lure them back was to create these ways to communicate from an aerial perspective ? NARRATOR : For decades , it was thought that there was no other place on Earth like Nazca , but recently , a shocking discovery was made on the opposite side of the globe . NARRATOR : Turgay , Kazakhstan . October , 2015 . Using satellite photography , NASA captures images of more than 260 geoglyphs covering the ground here . They 're located in a very rural part of Kazakhstan and they could only be found thanks to modern technology . They are much more complex than the Nazca geoglyphs in that they are three-dimensional . They are mounds and trenches , whereas the Nazca Lines are etchings in the sand . COLLINS : We 're talking here about massive features that are constructed from earthen mounds and also from wood , showing everything from rings , to squares , to crosses and even swastikas that are on the ground . NARRATOR : The archaeologists in the area have no idea who made the geoglyphs or what they represent . But one fact they have been able to determine is that some of these glyphs date back 8,000 years- - nearly 6,000 years older than the Nazca lines . Since these can be dated to almost 8,000 years old , we have to wonder who they were trying to communicate with . Could it have been , possibly , what a lot of these ancient cultures referred to as gods ? I think the fact that we 're finding more and more of these symbols simply tell us that the humankind , at that time , tried to communicate with what they thought were the gods from above . NARRATOR : Could the new geoglyphs found in Kazakhstan be evidence that our ancestors encountered extraterrestrial visitors as much as 8,000 years ago ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that these glyphs may prove to have been made at the same time as the newly discovered Superhenge because , while Stonehenge is considered to be at least 5,000 years old , some believe the buried monoliths of Superhenge could be much , much older . Stonehenge is only one small part of a gigantic archeological puzzle . Now , we , today , we must stumble over these stone circles , over these stone lines . And automatically , we have to ask questions : What is it ? How have they done it ? For what purpose ? And sooner or later , we came up with the question : Is there maybe a message by the extraterrestrials ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that the geoglyphs recently discovered in Nazca and Kazakhstan are tied to not only the new discovery of Superhenge in England , but also to other mysterious sites around the world that were made to be seen from the sky ? If so , could evidence that these markers were intended for extraterrestrial visitors be hidden beneath the earth in Mexico , Peru , China and Egypt ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that we are on the verge of uncovering the ultimate proof of alien contact . ( electronic blipping ) NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theorists argue that in recent times , the mainstream has dismissed the possibility that another race of advanced beings came to Earth in the distant past , even though the signs are all around us . ELLIOT HILL : Experts believe a series of mysterious objects surrounding a giant star could be , Mark , an alien megastructure . 1,500 light years from Earth , signals are blasting from the star KIC-84-62-85-2 . It could be a ... giant solar panels built by an alien civilization . REPORTER : Thousands of miles away in a cave in South Africa , archaeologists discovered hundreds of ancient bones and a new human ancestor . NARRATOR : As more and more new evidence pours in , is ancient astronaut theory nearing a point where it will be considered by mainstream scholars as a serious possibility ? Great thinkers like Galileo are dismissed as fools and heretics . They were the ones that had the right idea , but new ideas are not accepted easily . For centuries , it was believed that the Earth was flat . We are a stubborn people . NOORY : As we evolve as a humankind , we are going to realize that what we were taught in the past may not be what is going to be in the future . We 're gonna continue to learn new things about past civilizations , and new things of what could 've been future civilizations , as well . And you 've got to conclude that we are not alone in the universe , and that we 've been visited , and we continue to be visited . With the technology that has been and is being developed at the moment , ultimately , archaeology will have no other choice but to accept the fact that we have been visited by extraterrestrials in the remote past . For me , personally , I think that these extraterrestrials , they left a purpose . I call it something like a time capsule . That 's why they made these gigantic stone circles and stone lines . It was addressed to us . And we should ask , who were these extraterrestrials ? Where did they come from ? What was the reason ? Will they come down again ? I 'm sure they will show up . We are now living in a paradigm shift in which the new evidence is upholding an older and ancient idea that extraterrestrials came to Earth and had a huge influence on human affairs . And that ultimately , our future depends on our involvement with these beings , as well . NARRATOR : As technology continues to improve , will irrefutable evidence be uncovered of extraterrestrial intervention on Earth ? Evidence that world governments have been hiding from us for decades ? Could the smoking gun be concealed behind a tomb wall , hidden away in an ancient temple , or even buried right under our feet ? If otherworldly beings really have been observing us , perhaps as we get closer to the truth , the proof will come not in the form of an artifact or scientific discovery , but in face-to-face contact with our alien ancestors . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS sub-rip romulus70
