 Previously on " The 100 " ... Version two of my code isn 't on any of the 12 stations that made up the ark . There was supposed to be 13 . Monty : Is this where we 're going ? The people there are not a threat . We need that land . With the loss of mount weather 's resources , Arkadia will be starving in less than a year . Octavia : I 'm here to warn you . They want your land , and they will kill all of you to get it . Pike : We need to talk about your sister . Someone in this camp is giving her information . We both know who . Skaikru attacked their village . Lexa : We will blockade the 13th clan . We will give them time to take out their leaders from within . Any skaikru caught across the line will be subject to a kill order . Man , on radio : That 's a negative . Still no response from recon team b . No word . Hannah : Let me know if the status changes . Man , on radio : Copy that . And ? Sir , we lost contact with one of our recon teams . There were 4 men . 3 teams departed Arkadia at 0800 hours on routine patrol . Each of them reported grounder contact less than a mile outside of camp . As per your orders , two teams retreated and made it safely back inside the walls . Third ? Was forced to engage . I believe they were attempting to secure a defensive position when ... They ceased transmissions . Grounders are close . Gathering from the north and west . It appears they 're establishing a blockade . There 's no way through it . Something 's changed . Sir , you need to see this . What do they want ? They brought a message . I 've seen this before . Open the gate . Pike : Do what he says . Man : Open the gate . Talk . We seek the one you call pike . Why ? An army has fallen , blood soaking the earth where he took their lives one by one . Welcome to the war against skaikru . Life was taken . We demand life in return . My life ? What are your terms , sir ? Come with us , and we walk away . Walk away from what ? By other of the commander , you have been surrounded by an army of the 12 clans . In every direction , warriors wait to kill anyone who attempts to cross the blockade , to greet them as we greeted those we caught outside your walls today . We left the bodies for the animals . That 's enough . Let 's go . They won 't leave . I have seen this before . The men who wore those uniforms took a long time to die . Bellamy , fall back . That 's an order . If you do not give up your leader , you will all take a long time to die . Bellamy- - choose the side that 's best for your people . I do that every day . Uh ! So far , nothing has changed my mind . Man : Shut the gate . Go . Our lookouts confirm another 3 encampments just over that Ridge . Well , they 're not hiding from us . That 's for sure . How many days can we keep our population fed without being able to send out hunting parties ? Hannah : Food and water stores were already at less than 60 % , now maybe a week before we go critical , two if we start rationing immediately . Immediately it is . What about breaking the blockade ? Pike : After bellamy 's theatrics this morning , they 'll expect that . Regardless , we can 't engage the grounders until we 've got our own people under control , and that starts with Kane . I need you to suspend access to the prisoners , no contact with anyone in camp . For all we know , they 've been providing intel on grounder villages to Kane ... Yes , sir . And I want you to take over coordination of camp surveillance . We 'll need new security protocols at all camp entrances . Maybe , uh , changing critical passwords every 12 hours . Good . Coordinate with your mom but keep the circle tight . Then there 's the matter of campwide surveillance . You want us to spy on our people ? We can 't do what 's needed to defend this camp if every order I give is leaked before it can be executed . It 's an old saying , but it 's true- - the walls have ears , and we can 't afford any more assumptions about who 's a friend and who isn 't , not your oldest acquaintance , not your husband , wife , or lover . We 're fighting two wars now , and the more dangerous one is here inside this camp . We can 't prove it yet , but Kane and his accomplices passed information to octavia . I know none of you signed up to investigate your neighbors , but Monroe and lacroix died because the traitors in this camp sold them out to the grounders . Whoever did that will be hunted down and exposed for what they did to their own , for what they did to us . Now you get whatever resources , whatever personnel you need to make that happen . Dismissed . If they 're gonna play that game , we need to play it , too . Meaning ? We don 't meet here again , for starters . We change our patterns , forget our habits . Take a different route through camp each time we go out . Assume that there are eyes on us at all times . Or we could just shock-lash pike 's fascist ass and hand him to the grounders . That would be murder , not to mention treason , and that 's not who we are . Maybe it 's who we need to be . Not yet . All right . Then what 's the plan ? Jasper : What do you mean , there 's no more alcohol ? What kind of a bartender are you ? First off , I 'm not a bartender . You could say that again . Second , according to pike 's order , all resources are to be rationed until the grounder blockade is lifted . That means food ... I 'm not hungry . And water . We live next to a lake . Which the grounders have poisoned . We 're filtering at the pump , but that can 't keep up with demand , so that means no alcohol . Jaha : How sure are you that the debris from the 13th station fell into the ocean ? Alie and I ran the trajectories a thousand times , literally a thousand times . But what is the actual probability that you 're right ? Between 75 % and 80 % . Not good enough . Keep looking . I told you , this is as good as it gets . Then you need more resources . How ? We need to increase the population in the city of light . The more minds turned to the task , the more powerful alle becomes and the closer we get to finding that second a.I. One problem--when Abby shut us down , pike confiscated our chip-maker . Then we need to get it back . How ? Who 's gonna be crazy enough to- - Jasper : I don 't even need a whole bottle . - Just give me a glass . - You got a problem , Jasper . Float you , sinclair . Pike : I need every crate checked , not just counted . We need all the ammo we can scrounge . Well , most of these crates are less than third capacity . I don 't know what kind of outfit chancellor Griffin was running around here . Kind that wasn 't planning on a war footing for life . A word ? You don 't really believe you can make enough bullets to stop all the grounders , do you ? I have to . No . You need to turn yourself in and end this blockade . Is that why you 're here , to run this plan by me ? I 'm here because I have a responsibility to speak to you like someone who understands this world in a way that you don 't . The only way this doesn 't end with us dead is you doing the right thing . Like you all did the right thing when you turned in that boy Finn ? You surrendered one of the young lives you swore to protect , and the grounders did what they always do . They betrayed you . There 's only one way for this war to end- - we put the grounders down and keep them down until they know better than to take one more step in our direction . You 've become a dictator , Charles . You realize that , don 't you ? I am the chancellor . I 'm doing what 's necessary , nothing more , nothing less . When this ends with our camp in ruins ... You won 't be able to say no one told you there was a better way out . No . When this ends with Arkadia victorious , you 'll only have yourself to blame for choosing the wrong side . You said there 'd be booze . - I lied ... - Oh , damn it . But I brought you here to talk about something you might find even more interesting- - the city of light . Go on . I hear you have experience breaking into offices of elected officials . That I do . Pike 's office . Chip-maker ? You 'll need to distract the guards . They know I 'm with jaha , but they think that you 're just a- - drunken idiot . I know . For what it 's worth , i think you 're more than that . Thanks . If we 're lucky enough to get to the door , pike 's changed his access code , 5-digit numeric . Ha ha ! That 's gonna have , like , a trillion different combinations . A hundred million , but yeah . Who is gonna figure that out ? I was thinking you . Ah . Well , we were just talking about how I 'm a drunken idiot . Pike put monty in charge of internal surveillance . My guess is , he 's got him in on electronic security , as well , which means we don 't have to crack pike 's password , just monty 's , and who knows more about monty than you ? Sounds like a terrible idea . I 'm in . Ha ha ! All right . Kane : Hey , anyone followed ? No . What about you ? No . No . I 'm good . Any word from octavia ? Been scanning different channels all morning . Nothing . I mean , either she 's out of range- - or they already got her . Or she ran her battery down or she needed the radio silence to run the blockade . There are a lot of reasons why she might have gone dark . I 've been out there patrolling for the last 3 months . I know this area better than any grounder . Just let me go out- - guys , listen to this . Pike : Results of this morning 's missions inventory was sobering . In no way do we currently have the ammo for an extended series of firefights , not even close . Bellamy : So what 's plan " b " ? Our lookouts say the largest grounder encampment is in this valley , so we deploy an assault team in rover one , and we do as much damage as we can with automatic weapons . Hannah : And they 'll just fall back and make a run for reinforcements . I 'm counting on that . The only way there and back is over this Ridge . Now , we can bottleneck their warriors and pick them off . We got the firepower for that ? We won 't need it . We have a dozen concussive antipersonnel devices in our armory . I 've already got a weapons man rigging them with a remote trigger . We load the adps into the rover and mine the field before we attack . After we strike , we lure their reinforcements onto the Ridge , and once we have enough grounders in the killing box- - we detonate . It 'll buy us some time , but- - time 's what we need . We move at dawn . [ Beep ] All right . We need to disable that rover . If they take it out , it doesn 't matter how many grounders they kill . 10 times that number will descend on Arkadia , and no one 'll survive . You got any idea how we 're gonna stop them ? I might . Last chance to pull out . This plan has a high probability of going south . Right . Yeah . I wouldn 't miss it . Be ready in an hour . Monty : Bellamy , you were right . I 've got eyes on Kane . Bellamy , on radio : Anything suspicious ? Yeah . He 's got something going , and I think sinclair 's part of it . Copy that . We 'll stay on sinclair . Bellamy 's heading towards you now . Sinclair , what are you up to ? Raven said the solenoid is acting up , so I thought I 'd swap it out . You got a work order for that ? Sure . I think it 's on my desk . Go . Man : Go ! Right there . Different man : Right there . Turn around . There is no work order , and there is nothing wrong with the rover , though if you had another 10 minutes , I 'm sure there would be . You 're under arrest . The charge is treason . All right . Come on . That 's one down . [ Beep ] Anything ? Not a word . Perhaps you 'd like to talk about that . Never seen it before . Really ? I thought you engineers like to take credit for your work . Give me your gun . You planning on using that on me , too ? Will it help you give up any names ? Bellamy : He 'll talk eventually . - Let 's put him in lock-up . - He 's a traitor . - On the ark- - - we would have floated him ... But we 're not on the ark . Lock him up . Move . What else could monty have used as a password ? You mean other than the 500 ideas I 've already come up with ? Just think . Don 't overanalyze . Right , speaking of which , how , exactly are you connected to the computer here ? I mean , how do you know every idea I 've had is wrong without even trying it ? Alie : We don 't have time for questions . There will be a guard checking this room in approximately 5 minutes . Raven ? It 'll be easier for you to see for yourself than for me to explain it . Huh , the old carrot and stick , huh ? Whatever it takes , Jasper . Just keep trying . What 's monty 's favorite color ? Green . It 's a joke . 275 iterations , not it . Favorite book . " Catcher in the rye . " Where do those ducks go , anyway ? Keep trying . Favorite place . Down here or up there ? Either . Both . Starboard window bay . It has the best view of the moon on the whole damn ship , and we used to get a little baked , just sit back , watch the sky playing , um , " on which planet would you rather ? " Answer was always earth . We were such dumbasses . That 's it . - What ? - What ? The code is an alphanumeric sequence representing the word " earth . " Good job , Jasper . Looks like monty was thinking about the same window you were . [ Beep ] Hey , uh , presuming we don 't get caught or killed , I 'm first in line for a chip , ok ? Find anything ? Electronics are intact . We must 've caught sinclair before he could do any damage . I know this must be hard for you . Sinclair recruited me into engineering . He was my mentor , and now I just helped lock him up . You did the right thing . Yeah ? I 'm not so sure about that . Monty , being down here , I 've learned that if something helps you survive , it 's always the right thing . Pike taught me that , taught all of us . It 's what kept us alive . You do what it takes . Come on . - Good ? - Yeah . [ Beep beep beep ] Right . You 're in there . Uh ! Get this off . Uh ! Uh ! [ Beep ] Locking their own up now . What 'd you do to get in here ? Whatever it took . I have a message for you from Kane . Get ready . Tonight 's a go . Wasn 't much of a plan , sabotaging the rover . Keeping an eye on sinclair was an easy call . Was it ? Spying on your friend , that was easy ? People in camp were losing focus . There 's a threat outside these walls- - the threat 's inside the walls . Can 't you see that ? Pike 's turning us against each other . He 's the chancellor . Have you forgotten that ? No . No . I haven 't . Then do the right thing . That 's the problem . No matter how i look at it , I am . Really ? Because the way I see it , Monroe died because of you . And now pike 's locked up sinclair . You don 't think he 'll be the next to die ? Of course not . Think about where this ends- - half the camp behind bars while the other half starves . People won 't stand for it . They 'll turn against pike , but by then , it 'll be too late . Pike has a plan . Pike 's always got a plan , and it 's always the same one- - take the fight to the grounders . That 's what got Monroe killed . You 're crossing a line , Kane . No . No . I crossed it . I asked you here because I hoped you 'd join me . It 's still not too late to choose the right side . That 's exactly what i came here to tell you . - Hey . - Hey . Want to explain to me why we don 't work the same detail anymore ? Well , you like days . I like nights . Told you I 'd switch . Didn 't you say you 're gonna talk to bellamy ? Yeah . Just haven 't had the time . Yeah . I noticed you haven 't been around much lately . Nate ... What 's going on ? Nothing . Something . You know what it is . Pike ? - Again ? - You asked . Hey , I keep telling you , if you don 't like the man 's policies , just get off the guard . Now is not the best time for that . Yeah ? Why not ? There 's a blockade outside of camp , food rationing inside , jail full of grounders . There 's a lot for people to be upset about right now . This--this is- - this is all the more reason to stand behind your chancellor . I got to go . Here . [ Sighs ] So the bug 's in place ? It 's in his jacket . I don 't think he knows . Good man . Am I ? Is this--is- - is any of this worth lying to someone I love ? It is if you 're protecting him . Unless the person he needs protection from is me . Jasper : South hallway 's clear . Raven : East is , too . Knowing monty , that password will automatically reset in 5 minutes , so- - let 's make the most of it . Yeah . Yeah . Guess we are as smart as we think we are . Right . Pike doesn 't have a safe , so- - jaha 's little chip-maker 's got to be here somewhere . [ Exhales ] This is all pretty crazy , huh- - grounders at the gate , an ultimatum , one life to spare us all . How 's that different from any other day around here ? It 's just , we 've been here before ... You know , with Finn . You remember that , right ? I mean , i--i was in mount weather , but you--you remember Finn dying when Clarke killed- - I entered the city of light to relieve my pain . Why would i remember that ? Less talking , more looking , ok , Jasper ? I think it 's a good thing you can 't remember the bad stuff . That 's what i want to forget . If I could wake up one morning without thinking about Maya dying , you know , if I could only remember the good stuff , like holding her hand for the first time and listening to our favorite music , you know , like when Finn gave you that necklace- - is that how it works , you can think of your first kiss and just be happy ? Of course . My first kiss . That 's not important now . Our mission is to- - when was my first kiss ? What ? I don 't know . Don 't you ? - I can 't remember . - I got it . - All right . Give it to me . - Good work . Then go . Take it and go . I don 't remember . Raven ? Finn was real . - I-- - loved him , right ? - What 's going on ? - Raven , you need to go . I don 't remember anything about him at all . We can 't let her have this . Run . Give us a minute . Marcus . Thank you for meeting me . I hope you 're ready to negotiate the terms and conditions of your surrender . He says he 's ready to talk . You have something to say ? What do you want to know ? Everything . Kane : On the ark , you taught your students about the promise of our future , about the responsibility our descendents would bear when they finally set foot on the ground . We didn 't start this war , but you can be damn sure i intend to finish it . Sinclair : I want immunity . I 'm the chief engineer , and this camp needs me . That 's up to pike , but it shouldn 't be a problem . What happened to you , Charles ? You committed treason . You acted against your own people . Don 't stand there and try and take the high road with me . - It 's demeaning . - I did nothing wrong . Nothing that i can prove yet . Sinclair will give you up . It 's only a matter of time . It 's over , Marcus . Is it ? What do you got ? So ... The cowards make their deals to save their own skin . Quiet . Can 't defeat the army at the gate , so you turn on your own ? Make you feel strong ? I said , be quiet . I 'm not the one who needs to be silenced . You 'll tell them nothing . - Uh ! - Lincoln ! Cover me . Uh ! Uh ! Kom nau ! [ All shouting ] [ Beep ] [ Alarm pinging ] Man , on P.A. : All available guards to lock-up . - Go . - Sir . [ Alarm continues ] I don 't suppose you know anything about this . As a matter of fact , I do . Aagh ! Uh ! Ah ! Agh ... You left me no choice . Rrgh ... Ah ! Yaagh ! It worked . We 're clear . The guards have their hands full . Is the gate open ? Miller , on radio : Waiting on you . Bellamy , come in . Bellamy ! Miller , on radio : Cargo locked and loaded ? Affirmative . On the move . [ Engine starts ] [ Alarm continues ] Aagh ! Uh ! Uh ! Monty , on radio : Bellamy , the riot 's a distraction . Kane 's going in for pike . [ Alarm continues ] Get the hell out of the way , bellamy ! Should 've killed me yourself . [ Engine stops ] This has never happened to me before . When I communicate with someone , they listen to me . They agree with me . Raven- - is strong , and she 's not alone . Free will and the need for consent are part of my core programming . I cannot override them . I know that , but maybe I can . As you know , the terms of martial law and of the exodus charter give me both latitude and ultimate authority in determining your punishment . Do you have anything to say for yourself ? I admire your adherence to the rule of law- - I really do- - but these are times when we have to look beyond the rules ... To realize they were established to serve a world of the past , not of the future . I beg you one last time ... To see the world as it is , not as it was or as you want it to be . And I hope you believe ... That if I thought for one minute that turning myself over to the enemy would secure the safety of our people ... I would do it ... But only a deluded man would believe that ... And only a guilty man would try and tell him so . Marcus Kane , for the crimes of treason , kidnapping , and attempted murder , I hereby sentence you to death . Take him . Sir ... Are we really killing our own people now ? We 're at war . Crimes against our leadership can 't be tolerated . So Kane dies to be an example . Kane 's actions put this whole camp , everyone 's lives at risk today . He costs us lives in his misguided zeal to appease our enemy , people you knew . Your friends died because of him . Am I making him an example ? You 're damn right , and I hope his execution makes it clear once and for all where people 's allegiances need to lie . Do you understand that ? Good man . You 're dismissed . Franklin James Fisher : â ™ ª and the chained man â ™ ª â ™ ª sang in a sigh â ™ ª â ™ ª " i feel like going home " â ™ ª â ™ ª and the dokhtar fell â ™ ª â ™ ª holding the shell of her child â ™ ª â ™ ª and said , " i feel like going on " â ™ ª â ™ ª while the captors boast â ™ ª â ™ ª on how they lower your costs â ™ ª â ™ ª the rich men gamble â ™ ª â ™ ª at the foot of the cross â ™ ª â ™ ª we 're your careless mistakes â ™ ª â ™ ª we 're the spirits you raised â ™ ª â ™ ª we are what remains â ™ ª â ™ ª and one by one â ™ ª â ™ ª they made the ants march down â ™ ª â ™ ª down into the killing fields â ™ ª â ™ ª and I know more than one place â ™ ª â ™ ª where you might never come back â ™ ª â ™ ª if you show how you really feel â ™ ª â ™ ª but there 's a brand-new show â ™ ª â ™ ª for you to watch today â ™ ª â ™ ª so all the western eyes â ™ ª â ™ ª can look the other way â ™ ª â ™ ª we 're your careless mistakes â ™ ª â ™ ª we 're the spirits you raised â ™ ª â ™ ª we are what remains â ™ ª â ™ ª hey , hey , hey , hey â ™ ª â ™ ª whoa , oh ... â ™ ª What about Miller and Harper ? Nicely done today . I 'm proud of both of you . Thanks , mom . Were you able to identify anyone Kane was working with ? No . Let 's hope today 's actions make it clear to the people of Arkadia which side they should be on . It 's not really that hard , choosing what 's best for your people , is it ? No . I do it every day .
