 ( GRAND MUSIC ) ( WOMAN PANTS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS AND PANTS ) Amberle ? You still alive ? Relax , Uncle Ander . It 's not like I 'm gonna break . How many times have I missed that jump tonight ? Five . You lose count of your steps tomorrow , it 'll be the shortest half-mile of your life . - I 'm going again . - No . It 's late . The race starts at dawn . You need to rest . But only the first seven runners across the line become members of the Chosen . I didn 't do all of this just to lose . WOMAN : Princess , are you sure you wanna step on thousands of years of Elvin tradition ? There 's no turning back . We need to get in there and stake out my starting place . Don 't worry - as your friend and loyal servant , I 've got you covered . OK . Let 's stay focused , Catania . Bet you wish you 'd told Lorin you were running now . He 's a big boy . He can handle it . Jase told me that if Lorin becomes a member of the Chosen , he 's gonna ask you to marry him . Amberle . You 're not allowed here . Have you come to wish me luck ? Yes . And no . I 'm racing too . You 're kidding . There a rule that says a girl can 't run the Gauntlet ? That 's the way it 's always been . We have female commanders in the Elvin army and women on the High Council . It 's time the Four Lands had a female Chosen . You knew about this ? Who do you think sneaked her past the Home Guard and out of the palace ? The Gauntlet is dangerous , Amberle . These guys will do anything to win . So will I. Then good luck . May the best Elf win . I 'm definitely sensing a lot of sweaty Elf boy hate . Are you sure you want to do this ? Tie me up . ( MALE ELF CALLS ) Steady ! Only the first seven to cross will be anointed . On the sound of my horn . ( HORN BLOWS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( WOMAN 'S VOICE WHISPERS ) Get up , Amberle . ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( WHISPERS ) One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . One , two , three , four ... ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) ( WOMAN 'S VOICE WHISPERS ) Jump . ( YELPS ) - MALE ELF : They 're coming ! - ( CROWD CHEERS ) ( CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ) ALL : One ! Two ! Three ! Four ! ( PANTS ) Five ! Six ! - Get up ! - Go ! MALE ELF : There 's one Chosen left ! Get up ! ( CHEERING AND APPLAUSE ) ( BLOWS HORN ) SONG : ♪ I feel it running through my veins ♪ And I need that fire just to know ♪ That I 'm awake . ♪ ( DOORS CLOSE ) - ( ELVES WHISPER ) - ( GASPS ) - ELF : Look . - ELF 2 : ls that the princess ? I thought you were teaching her how to fence . She was a quick study . Congratulations . As King , I welcome you to the Order of the Chosen . ( APPLAUSE ) At the dawn of every new year , we gather in this sacred garden to recount the story of the Ellcrys . Thousands of years ago our Elvin ancestors fought a war against an army of Demons . The Elves were at the point of annihilation when their elders turned to magic . Using this powerful gift , they managed to imprison the Demons in a realm known as the Forbidding . The Ellcrys was created to stand sentry . As long as it lives , the Demons are locked up for all eternity . Now , I realise that for some of you , this is merely folklore . But in no way does this diminish your responsibilities . And you are now its protectors . Now step forward , place your hands on the tree and be accepted by the Ellcrys . I can 't believe you let her embarrass our father like that . This is his last ceremony before he abdicates the throne . I didn 't let Amberle do anything . OK , this was her idea . I just aided and abetted . OTHER ELF : She could have seriously hurt herself . I thought for Aine 's sake that you 'd want to keep her safe . Invoking our dead brother . That 's very subtle . You should work that into your coronation speech . We made a pact to protect her . Remember ? ANDER : At least you know where she 'll be for the next year - locked behind these walls , watering an old tree . OTHER ELF : Do you have any respect for Elvin traditions ? Only the ones with parties . ( GRUNTS ) ( DISTANT EXPLOSIONS ) ( THUNDER RUMBLES ) ( WHIMPERS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( GASPS ) ( SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) ( GRUNTS AND GROANS ) It has begun . Had to go all the way to Olney , but I found white willow bark . Afraid it won 't do any good now . I 'll leave you two alone . ( PANTS ) Wil ... Hey , Mom . You hang in there . I 've got something new to try . I promise , this will ease your pain . Always such a ... a sweet boy . So much ... I need ... to tell you . Open it . They 're Elfstones . Belonged ... to your father . They 're magic . I know you thought your father was crazy but he was ... a good man . He believed in those . Mom , you 're not making any sense . My precious ... boy . ( WHEEZES ) Find the Druid . Find ... the Druid . Promise me . No , Morn . Don 't leave me . No , Mom , I 'm not ready . She always loved this spot . Said she could see the whole world from here . I 'm sorry , Wil . Hey , um , Uncle Flick ... Have you ever seen these before ? Mom called ' em Elfstones . I told her to bury those damn things after your father died . Why ? Because they put him in an early grave . He was never the same person after he used them . Used them ? Wait . You 're not seriously telling me you believe in magic ? I believe in evil , Wil , and those things will bring you nothing but misery . Do yourself a favour - throw them in the river . Be done with them . I 'm sorry . ( SCREAMS ) - ( DOOR OPENS ) - Someone 's here to see you . I told the Home Guard not to let anyone in . That 's why Catania helped me avoid them . If you won 't tell me what 's going on , maybe you 'll talk to him . You owe me . You didn 't need to check up on me . You passed out in front of the Ellcrys . I was worried about you . Look , I 'm fine . Why have you locked yourself up in here ? You wouldn 't believe me if I told you . Is that one me ? Oh . No . You definitely got the ears right . Come on . Hey . Can I ask you something crazy ? But you have to promise not to laugh . Yeah . Do you think the story of the Ellcrys is true ? You mean the part where it 's a barrier holding back a Demon army ? Come on , Amberle . We both know magic died out with the Druids . Yeah , you 're right . Forget I asked . Come to the celebration tonight . People need to see you . I need to see you . Leave your Demons behind and come and celebrate . FLICK : You just buried your ma . Now is not the time to be making reckless decisions about your future . I know my future 's not here . That 's the Elfstones talking . Give me a little credit , Uncle Flick . I threw those things away like you said . I 'm moving to Storlock to train as a Healer . You 've never been more than five miles outside of Shady Vale . The world outside is dangerous , Wil . It 's full of Gnomes and Trolls and Rovers . They all hate each other . The only thing they have in common is they hate Elves more . I 'll keep my ears covered . Just like always . You 're the same as your father . Never happy with your place in the world . What is that supposed to mean ? Stay in Shady Vale . Let me talk to Dax . I 'm sure he could use an apprentice . Dax couldn 't heal a stubbed toe . Storlock has the best Healers in the Four Lands . Wil ... You did everything you could for your ma . It wasn 't enough . I never wanna feel that helpless again . ( PEOPLE CHATTER ) SONG : ♪ In the darkness ♪ Before the dawn ♪ In the swirling ... ♪ ( WHISPERS ) Uncle Ander . Thanks for the save . The Gauntlet 's easier to navigate than this party . Just don 't faint again and you 'll be fine . My fainting clays are over . ANDER : Oh , good , because as you can see , there are a lot of people who are very eager to meet you . Grandpa still hasn 't spoken to me . Don 't worry about it . You know , sometimes I think the only member of the family that he actually likes is Manx . ( SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ) Speaking of loyal dogs , how 's your boyfriend ? Be nice . Lorin 's a good guy . He deserves someone who truly loves him . I 'm just not sure that someone is me . Then you 'd better tell him , or else you 're gonna spend a very awkward year together in the Sanctuary . Not nearly as awkward as watching you pine for Commander Tilton . No . No , I 'm not pining . I 'm ... I 'm observing . ANDER : That 's been over for a very long time . I think we can both agree she made the wiser choice . Happy hunting . ( WOMAN 'S VOICE WHISPERS ) I need you . You look absolutely amazing . Thanks . Would you like to dance ? I just need some food . I haven 't eaten all day . I 'll make you a plate . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( WOMAN 'S VOICE WHISPERS ) Closer . ( GASPS ) ( GURGLING ) Lorin ! Why ? ( GASPS ) Stay back ! What are you doing out here ? The Ellcrys called to me . I heard it during the Gauntlet and then again tonight . I tried to ignore it , but it won 't let me . Amberle , you 're not making any sense . When I touch the tree , it shows me visions . Horrible visions of the future . Like what ? That I 'm going to kill you , Lorin . Kill me ? I saw it . I stabbed you . Oh , I don 't know what to think anymore . I should never have run the Gauntlet . I have to leave Arborlon . There 's only one person who can help me . - Calm down . - No . I won 't put you in danger . You need to stay as far away from me as possible . ( BLADE RINGS ) Seriously ? I 'm sorry . ( THUNDER RUMBLES ) ( HORSE NEIGHS ) - Whoa ! - ( HORSE NEIGHS ) - Well , so much for my short cut . - ( SNUFFLES ) Hey . I don 't like it any more than you do . ( NEIGHS ) Great . Now I 'm the guy who talks to his horse . ( WHINNIES ) ( GRUNTING ) - ( NEIGHS ) - ( YELLS ) ( GASPS ) ( ROARS ) ( GROANS ) ( PANTS AND COUGHS ) WOMAN : I thought Elves were supposed to be smart . I 'm half Elf . WOMAN : Clearly the wrong half . Only an idiot would travel these woods alone . Trolls hunt here . Wait . That 's a Troll ? Was a Troll . The Troll must have picked up your scent . I hear Elf ears are their favourite snacks . Huh . Even short tips . If you 're gonna keep insulting me , I should at least know your name . Eretria . I 'm Wil . Thanks for saving my life . WIL : Hey , wait up . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) ( DOOR OPENS ) Prince Ander . Any word on Amberle ? Black Watch are still sweeping the countryside . I wish there was something I could do . - Start by telling the truth . - I told Prince Arion everything . See , I 'm an excellent liar , which means I can tell when somebody 's lying to me . Amberle left the party upset and you followed her out here . You two got into a fight and now she 's missing . As far as I 'm concerned , I 'm staring at the prime suspect . She said the Ellcrys called to her and showed her a vision of the future . In it ... she killed me . You honestly expect me to believe that the tree was communicating with her ? I know it sounds crazy . It 's why I didn 't say anything . You better pray she 's still alive . ( WIND WHISTLES ) Hey , what do you think that was ? Don 't know , don 't care . Aren 't you curious about ancient humans ? WIL : How they were able to build these incredible things ? Look , they 're dead , we 're not . End of story . WIL : Anyone ever tell you you 're kind of cynical ? ERETRIA : Anyone ever tell you you 're kind of naive ? - What is it ? - Not sure . Some kind of fungus or bark rot . LORIN : The Ellcrys is sick ? When 's the last time that happened ? Never . KING : So you don 't recall any accounts of the Ellcrys ever having been sick ? It 's never even shed a leaf . ( BLADE RINGS ) I understand the symbolic importance of the Ellcrys , Father , but it is , after all , only just a tree . MAN : The Ellcrys is more than just a tree . - I can assure you of that , boy . - ( BLADE RINGS ) ( GROWLS ) Stop there ! How did you get past the Home Guard ? MAN : Eventine , please tell your son I mean no harm . Allanon ? Put down your sword , boy . It has been a long time , my old friend . Father ? Father , who is this human ? This is Allanon . The last Druid of Paranor . Druid ? You said the last Druid died in the War of the Races . Did you , now ? No-one has set eyes on you in 30 years . I assumed the worst . But it appears you have not aged a single day . I have been called by the Ellcrys . I must go to the Sanctuary immediately . If you really are a Druid prove it . Show us some magic . I don 't do tricks . Let him go . If Allanon is here there are dark days ahead . This is your house ? You 're welcome to camp out with the Trolls . I didn 't picture someone like you living in a place so ... . woodsy . Take off your clothes before you come in . All of them . - You 're joking , right ? - No . You need a bath . And I don 't want you tracking mud all over my woodsy little house . So , uh , you live here alone ? Don 't worry . We won 't be disturbed . Mmm . So aren 't you worried about Rovers ? What do you know about Rovers ? One look at you and they 'd take the clothes off your back and steal your little bag of blue rocks . ( ELFSTONES CLACK ) I ... I need those back . Why ? Are they valuable ? Only to me . Someone 's got a little secret . What 's it gonna take for you to tell me ? ( SIGHS ) They 're called Elfstones . They belonged to my dad . They 're supposed to have magical powers . They 're very pretty . Compared to you , I hadn 't noticed . I 'm sorry . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm the one who should apologise . ( SIGHS ) For what ? The epic headache you 're gonna have in the morning . ( GOBLET RINGS ) It 's much worse than I thought . The Ellcrys is dying . Are you certain ? You need to mobilise the Elvin army . Why does a dying tree require an army ? You do know the story of the Ellcrys , don 't you ? Each leaf represents a single Demon . Once they begin to fall , the creatures of darkness will be released from the Forbidding one by one . We all know that story is just a fairytale . Father , you 're not actually listening to this , are you ? You 've allowed him to believe this when you know the opposite to be true . After the War of the Races , I believed that magic had disappeared along with you and the Warlock Lord . Well , then , you tell that to your people when the fairytales are ripping out their throats ! ( COUGHS AND GROANS ) ( ROCKS CRACK AND RUMBLE ) ( SNARLS AND COUGHS ) ( SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) ( ROARS )
