 Previously on The Shannara Chronicles ... Only the first seven runners become members of the Chosen . It 's time the Four Lands had a female Chosen . MOTHER : Open it . They 're Elfstones . No , Morn . Don 't leave me . WIL : I 'm moving to Storlock to train as a Healer . - I thought Elves were supposed to be smart . - l 'm half Elf . EVENTINE : Welcome to the Order of the Chosen . AMBERLE : The Ellcrys called to me . It shows me horrible visions of the future . LORIN : The Ellcrys is sick ? Each leaf represents a single Demon . Once they begin to fall , the creatures of darkness will be released from the Forbidding one by one . ( BIRDS CHIRP ) - ( METAL CLANGS ) - ( GASPS ) ( MOANS AND PANTS ) Get dressed , Wil . How do you know my name ? Where 's Eretria ? Your Rover girl is long gone . Rover ? I don 't understand . This is her house . No , it 's not . It 's theirs . Oh ... I 'm an idiot . You 'll get no argument from me . You were supposed to be in Shady Vale . Did my uncle send you to bring me home ? Flick had no intention of telling me your whereabouts . But his thoughts were never hard to read . What " ? Who exactly are you ? I am Allanon . We must reach Druid 's Keep . Wait , you 're a Druid ? Right before my mom passed away , she told me I needed to find you . Perhaps you should have listened to her . You would have saved us both a lot of time . She gave me these Elfstones ... That ... The Rover stole those too . ALLANON : This is going to be harder than I thought . You have put our quest in jeopardy . What quest ? I can 't believe this is the Shannara I 've been dealt . ( HORSE SNORTS ) That 's my horse ! Hey ... Yes ! Hey . The Four Lands is in grave danger . Only the last son of Shannara can save it . My name 's Wil Ohmsford . You 've got the wrong guy . You 're a Shannara . Your ancestors were kings and warriors , heroes who lived and died defending the Four Lands . Men like your father . My father was a deadbeat drunk who died alone and destitute . You 've been lied to . Do you believe in magic , boy ? Of course not . Well , magic flowed through your father . And it flows through you too . It 's in the Shannara blood . If I had magic inside me , why didn 't it help me save my mom ? It could have , if you 'd known how to unlock it . I can show you how . Come . Your destiny awaits . ( SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) ( ROARING ) ( SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) SONG : ♪ Until we go down . ♪ ( WIND WHISTLES ) ( ANIMAL SCREECHES ) ( TWIG SNAPS ) Next one goes straight through your heart ! Who are you ? I mean no harm . Please . I saw your fire and was hoping to warm myself . You 're the second Elf I ran into this week . Actually , the first was a mongrel . Cute but not too bright . Where are you headed all by yourself ? To the Elvin mission in Culhaven . I 'm a teacher . You pack light . Unlike you . My husband found work near Balinor . I had to pack up my stuff and meet him there . Thank you . You have no wedding band . Not that I 'm surprised . Who would want to marry a Rover ? Well , your jewellery gave you away too , Princess . I don 't know of any teacher who wears the royal seal of Arborlon engraved on their cuff . What was your plan - drug me and then rob me ? I steal to survive . Don 't try and justify your actions . You and your kind are a blight on the Four Lands . Ouch . Does the arrogant attitude also come on a silver platter ' ? You wouldn 't know the first thing about my life . Well , you don 't have an escort . My guess , you 're running away , probably from a guy who either broke your hear ' : or knocked you up . Whatever your drama , it doesn 't even compare to what you 're gonna have to face out there in the real world . Thanks for that nugget of Rover wisdom . ( WOMAN 'S VOICE WHISPERS ) Amberle , I need you . Come back . Afraid of the dark , Princess ? Now who 's the thief ? Believe me , you got the better end of that trade . ( HORSE WHINNIES ) There it is . Druid 's Keep . I can 't believe I rode all night for this . For hundreds of years , this fortress was the centre of the Four Lands . The wisest men and women from each race , they were called here to study and train in the art of magic . WIL : It 's just a ruin . ALLANON : This is sacred ground , Wil . Don 't touch anything . WIL : I don 't know what you 're hoping to find . There 's not much left . ALLANON : The Codex of Paranor is here . WIL : What exactly does a codex look like ? ALLANON : It 's a book containing the magical history of the Four Lands . If there is a way of saving the Ellcrys , it will be found within its pages . WIL : Why don 't you just call it a book of magic ? Is it a Druid requirement that everything has to sound so mysterious ? I spoke to Lorin . Amberle told him that the Ellcrys was communicating with her , giving her visions of the future . I 'd dismissed it until I found this in her room . Demons . She sketched them before the Druid showed up . It can 't be a coincidence . Till we are certain , I want all the Chosen and the entire Elvin Council taken to the palace for safety . Black Watch will guard them night and day . ALLANON : My mentor told me that he hid the Codex in this chamber before the Keep fell . WIL : When was that ? 300 years ago . WIL : Wait - that would make you way too old to be alive . Uncle Flick was right . This is crazy . ALLANON : The Codex is here . Good luck finding it . I 'm going to Storlock . You can 't walk away from your destiny , Wil . Watch me . You were never going to Storlock . The Elfstones were guiding you to me . You know it to be true . ( STRANGE RUMBLING ) Don 't move ! Don 't speak . Let your eyes bear witness ! ( GROANS ) ( ROARS ) ( YELPS ) Now do you believe ? Magic is real . Yes . Will I be able to do that ? One day , maybe . ( VOICES WHISPER ) ALLANON : Behold the Codex of Paranor . Your hand ... Magic always comes with a price , Wil . Never forget that . My ancient Druid 's a little rusty . Maybe you could fill me in . ALLANON : " When the Ellcrys comes to the end of its days , " a flower will bloom " that will bear a single seed . " A member of the Chosen " must carry that seed to Safehold " and immerse it in the Bloodfire . " Only then can the seed be returned to the Sanctuary " and the Ellcrys be reborn . " That doesn 't sound so bad . It 's not like you need a human sacrifice or something . Where 's Safehold ? I 've travelled all over these Four Lands and I 've never come across such a place . Perhaps ... ( SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) ( GROANS ) ( GROANS ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( YELLS ) Hey , Allanon ! It 's me ! It 's me ! Wil , we must return to Arborlon . Hurry ! - Amberle . - l 'm fine . Listen , the Ellcrys called to me again . We 're all in great danger . - There 's a Demon headed here . - Demon ? We have to warn the Chosen . Where are they ? The King moved us to the east wing of the palace . I snuck past the Black Watch to check on the Ellcrys . I thought I 'd lost you . You have no idea . ( GRUNTS ) Demons in Arborlon ? Never thought I would live to see the day . ALLANON : The Chosen must be protected at all cost . They alone can save the Ellcrys . Black Watch should be guarding that door ! The Chosen . They 're all dead . No . One still lives . ( THWACK ! ) ( GROANS ) - ( SNARLS ) - ( SCREAMS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( SCREAMING ) This must be the work of Gnomes . They 've struck at the heart of the palace before . Gnomes had no part in this . It is the work of the Dagda Mor . The Dagda what ? He was a powerful Elvin Druid who was corrupted by dark magic . He has been plotting his revenge now for thousands of years . If he 's a Druid , can 't you find and destroy one of your own ? I tried , but he is cloistered in a black henge which cloaks his location . I don 't understand . If he really has escaped the Forbidding , why doesn 't he attack himself ? According to the Codex , the weaker the Ellcrys gets , the stronger he becomes . But he will not be truly free to walk this earth until the last leaf has fallen . Kill the Chosen , kill the Ellcrys . Until then , he will dispatch his Demons to carry out his murderous biddings . Like he has done here . Can my father and I please have the room ? Father , you need to send this Druid away . People are starting to talk . They don 't understand why you 're under his thrall . - You mean you don 't understand . - No , I don 't ! Six innocent lives have been slaughtered inside our walls and you want to blame Demons and magic . What would you suggest ? You had planned to step down in a few months . Do it now . Let me take control of this situation . Let me do what I have been training to do . I will lead the Elvin army and I will root out our real enemy . My son a true leader does not abdicate at the start of a crisis . And as for your training , it is no match for my experience . By the time I was your age , I had won the War of the Races and I 'd brought peace to the Four Lands . You are the greatest king since Jerle Shannara . But ... Think of your legacy . After everything that you have done for the Elvin people , do you really want to go down as the mad king who believes in Demons ? If Princess Amberle is the last of the Chosen , how come the tree can 't find her ? The Ellcrys has called to her , but she needs to return voluntarily . Nobody can be forced into service . Can 't you use your magic , like you did at Druid 's Keep ? Finding a dusty old book is much easier than tracking a wilful girl who doesn 't want to be found . I need you to search the princess 's quarters . Don 't tell anyone of your mission . The Dagda Mor has an agent within these walls . And , Wil , don 't screw up . If the Dagda Mor finds Amberle before we do the world ends . Great . Thanks for the encouragement . WOMAN : Ignore Iggy . I use him to scare the bark nuts off any Rover that comes sniffing around . Aunt Pyria ? You are the spitting image of your mother . Now , what are you doing out here ? You could have been kidnapped or killed . I 'm in trouble . I need your help . How far along are you ? I 'm not pregnant . In your letters you said you witnessed magic during the War of the Races . That was a very long time ago . But you still believe in it ? What 's really going on , Amberle ? I ran the Gauntlet and won . I became a member of the Chosen . ( CHUCKLES ) Your grandfather must be furious . - Good for you . - No , it 's a nightmare . When I laid my hand on the Ellcrys , I had a vision . Arborlon in flames , Demons feasting on the dead . It was a vision of the future . A future that 's going to happen 'cause I broke the rules . You need to help me stop it . ( WHIP CRACKS ) Look what I caught . ( GRUNTS ) Come on ! Choke ! - ( GAGS ) - Eretria ! Eretria ! That 's enough ! ( COUGHS ) We scouted that house four nights ago . I was beginning to think you double-crossed me . And risk you putting a bounty on my head with every Rover in the Four Lands ? Thanks for the trust . Where 's your haul ? I stripped the place clean , just as you taught me , but I got ambushed on the way back . Ambushed ? ERETRIA : They stole my haul with my horse . Trolls would 've eaten you . Gnomes would 've gutted you . Who was it ? Another Rover clan ? An Elf . ( LAUGHS ) An Elf ? Well , you should have killed the arrogant little snot , cut off its pointy ears , brought them to me as a souvenir ! Guess you 're not cut out for a heist after all . It was my first time going solo . Just give me another shot . ( GRUNTS ) MAN : This is a clan , not a charity . I 'm selling you to Boca Madrid . He wants a wife , and he 's had his eye on you for a while . Cephelo , wait ! I didn 't come back empty-handed . But you 've got to promise not to sell me . They 're one of a kind . I 'm sure you could get a good price for them . - Those are ... - Elfstones . There 's nothing rarer . There may be hope for you . Come on , sweetheart . Why don 't you tell your dad exactly how you got a hold of these ? ( CHUCKLES ) EVENTINE : My son believes you 're leading me astray . I remember a younger king who wouldn 't allow the whispers of doubters to cloud his judgement . Well , we can 't all fall asleep for decades and forget that the world has moved on without us . We found him trespassing in the princess 's room . He insisted on seeing the Druid . Y-Your Highness . Uh ... I think I know where Amberle 's hiding . She 's with somebody called Pyria . Pyria ? No-one has heard from my sister for years . According to these letters , she lives in Wing Hove . WIL : Amberle was secretly corresponding with her . I found them hidden in her room . Why would the princess need to write in secret to her aunt ? We had a falling-out many years ago . She fell in love with a human . And when she asked for my blessing , I refused . Because she didn 't love an Elf ? Because she loved you , Allanon . I thought she understood that there was no future for us . Well , evidently , she didn 't . However , thanks to your very capable young apprentice here , we now have our best chance of getting Amberle home safely . I will instruct the scouts to go to Wing Hove . - No . - ( GROWLS ) Wil and I will go . Alone . We will ? Inviting a few soldiers might not be a bad idea . Whatever killed the Chosen could still be inside the city walls . Nobody else is to know Amberle 's location or her life could be in danger . As you wish . What do you think , old boy , hmm ? What do you think ? He said the Elfstones belonged to his father . But even he didn 't believe they were magic . Maybe he was lying . Where did this halfling say he was from ' ? Someplace called Shady Vale . There used to be stories about an Elf who lived in the Vale . He 'd gladly tell you his wild tale of how he single-handedly won the War of the Races with nothing but a magic sword and three humble Elfstones to aid him . Well , my father taught me not to believe anything I didn 't see with my own eyes . You think just because those pointy-eared bastards tell us that magic 's dead , that 's the truth ? What makes you think I haven 't seen it , hmm ? Find the halfling and I promise not to marry you off . I find him , you grant me my freedom . WIL : So you and the King 's sister . Wow . I never pictured you as the romantic type . ALLANON : My relationship with Pyria is none of your concern . WIL : I 'm sure the age difference must have been kind of weird . How old are you - like , 350 ? - Stop talking . - I can 't . It 's the only thing keeping my mind off the fact that we could be ripped apart by rampaging Demons at any moment . Nobody should die like that . ALLANON : Well , thanks to you , we have a chance of finding Amberle and stopping them . WIL : Whoa . Was that a compliment ? I 'm not much of a conversationalist . As you can tell , I don 't get much practice . If you don 't want to talk about Pyria , at least tell me about my dad . I met Pyria because she was keeper of the royal archives when I was tracking down descendants of the Shannara bloodline . - How come ? - They were being murdered . Of course they were . I met your father when he was living in Shady Vale with the Ohmsfords . He and Flick were like brothers . Brothers ? No way ! Uncle Flick refuses to talk about him . Your father is the only reason this world didn 't fall into darkness 30 years ago . His courage and fortitude inspire me still . If he 's such a hero , how come nobody remembers him ? Why did he die a sad , lonely drunk ? Well , you might recall I told you that magic comes with a price . Your father mastered the Elfstones , he defeated a terrible evil , and the magic ... took its toll . Is that what 's gonna happen to me ? Magic affects each person differently . But you are not your father , Wil . So I 'm supposed to use Elfstones I don 't have to protect a princess who doesn 't want to be found from a Demon horde bent on laying waste to the world . And even if I succeed , which is entirely doubtful , my life could still be doomed because magic will have fried my brain . Mmm . I liked it better when we didn 't talk . ( CHUCKLES ) ( HORSE WHINNIES ) SONG : ♪ I move away from this place ♪ In the form of a ... ♪ Allanon ? We 're here for Princess Amberle . I can 't help you . She 's at the waterfall . Damn your Druid tricks . Go now . Time is precious . That 's Shea 's boy , isn 't it ? I 'm not convinced he 'll be the man his father was . After all these years , here you are standing right in front of me , looking like you haven 't aged a day . How can that be ? The Druid 's sleep . A deep hibernation that restored my magic . I was depleted after the war . I had no choice but to leave . No choice ? You abandoned me to grow old without so much as a goodbye . And now you return as young and strong as a spring stag . Amberle told me about the Ellcrys and her visions . The situation is more dire than she knows . If you 're here , I should have guessed . And right now , the destiny of the Four Lands rests upon Wil and Amberle 's shoulders . And once again , you are the puppet master , manipulating innocent lives as you see fit . Princess Amberle ! ( WIL CALLS ) Princess Amberle ! Princess Amberle ! ( GRUNTS ) - ( GASPS ) - Uh-uh . Eyes up here . - I 'm sorry . - Who are you ? Uh ... - You 're an Elf ? - Half Elf . And yes , they 're small , so spare me the earjokes . How did you find me ? - Your letters to your aunt . - You went through my things ? Look . It 's really important you return to Arborlon . Yeah , that 's not gonna happen . This conversation would be much less awkward if you were dressed . Turn around . OK . ( GROWLING AND ROARING ) Let 's start over . Who the hell are you , and what are you doing here ? My name is Wil Ohmsford . I 'm here because the Ellcrys is dying and you 're the only one who can save it . The Ellcrys is dying ? Yes , and I know the tree speaks to you . Did Lorin tell you that ? Not exactly . What aren 't you telling me ? I think it 's better if the Druid explains everything . You 're here with a Druid ? I thought they were all dead . This one just took a very long nap . Are you his errand boy ? Actually , Allanon brought me along to protect you . You 're joking , right ? When the sleep calls , there is no time for goodbyes . Being a Druid is not a choice . It 's a calling . You will never know how sorry I am or how much you still mean to me . ( DEMON SNARLS ) A Fury . ALLANON : Stay behind me . ( BLADE RINGS ) ( GRUNTS ) - ( FURY SNARLS ) - ( PYRIA SCREAMS ) Aunt Pyria ? I think we should wait for Allanon . AMBERLE : Aunt Pyria ! Amberle ! ( SNARLS ) Amberle ! Stay back !
