 Previously on The Shannara Chronicles belonged to your father . They 're Elfstones . ALLANON : You can 't walk away from your destiny . I have neither the Stones nor the boy . - AMBERLE : Tell us your name . - Bandon . Either he 's hiding magic or he doesn 't know he has magic . AMBERLE : The Ellcrys called to me . When I touched the tree , it showed me horrible visions of the future . Lorin ... ( DAGDA MOR SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) - WIL : The Chosen , they 're all dead . - No , one still lives . ALLANON : As the only remaining member of the Chosen , the burden falls upon your princess . EVENTINE : Are you willing to enter the tree ? If you fail , you will die . AMBERLE : I am . SONG : ♪ I feel it running through my veins ♪ And I need that fire ♪ Just to know that I 'm awake . ♪ ( DOOR RUMBLES ) ( DOOR RUMBLES ) ( THUNDERCLAP ) So if Amberle fails the trial , the Ellcrys will kill her ? If she succumbs to her fear , yes . And we will lose any hope of saving this world from the Dagda Mor . Great . OK , then . ( INDISTINCT WHISPERING ) ( GROWLING ) ( DISTANT WAILING ) Ugh ! Oh ! Get up , Amberle . ( BLADE RINGS ) Look , I didn 't mean to hurt you . - Why are you lying ? - l 'm not . You never loved me . You have feelings for him . ( GRUNTS ) Words aren 't enough , Amberle . You need to prove your commitment to the quest . I 'll do whatever it takes . Prove it . Kill me . What ? There will be no mercy beyond these walls . The Demons feed on weakness . And you ? You 're as weak as they come . If you 're going to survive , you have to harden your heart . ( BOTH GRUNT ) Ugh ! - Now kill me ! - Please don 't make me do this ! The quest is more important than any one life ! You can 't let your emotions get in the way . Now stand and fight me or die with everyone else . ( BOTH GRUNT ) You 're weak . Ah ! ( GRUNTS ) ( THUNDERCLAP ) ls this your usual grave look or should I be worried ? She 's losing the fight . You neglected your oath while the world burned . You 're no hero . The Ellcrys knows the truth . ( BOTH GRUNT ) ( SQUELCH ) ( GASPS ) ( GASPS ) Congratulations , Amberle . You passed the test . Now , don 't let anything distract you . Not fear , not love . The fate of the world depends on it . Where 's the Bloodfire ? ( RUMBLING ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) EVENTINE : The Ellcrys has chosen Amberle to carry its seed to the Bloodfire . As the tree has entrusted her with its life , so now must we place our lives in her hands . My dear child , I 'm so sorry that the burden falls on your shoulders . Come , now . We have no time to waste . ( SINISTER MUSIC ) ( CHANGELING SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) What are you ? ( GASPS ) AMBERLE : This is what I saw in my vision , on a stained-glass window . Do you recognise it ? Doesn 't the Codex have a map or something ? The Safehold is referred to only once in the Codex , stating that it lies beyond the Wilderun in the Old World . I don 't know about the rest of them , but I have had enough of this magician 's cryptic pronouncements . You know nothing of the world of magic . - Allanon , what ... - ls just a man . Beneath the cloak and the furrowed brow , he is the same enemy that we have spent our entire lives fighting . I am not your enemy , Prince . ARION : Sending a young girl out into the wilderness with no map and no protection ... That is a bad plan . The Ellcrys has spoken . That ends the debate . Do you remember the summer you sent Aine , Arion and me to the fort in Drey Wood ? We met an Elf there named Rin Katsin . He told us stories of his adventures beyond the ancient Elvin sentinels , inside the Wilderun . EVENTINE : Send word to Drey Wood . I want Rin Katsin brought there immediately . Crispin . You will escort Amberle , Wil and Allanon to meet him . - You 'll leave at first light . - Yes , Your Grace . No mention of this plan can leave this room . The Dagda Mor still has his traitor within these walls . Amberle . Wait . Are you OK ? Well , I nearly died for the privilege of going on the quest to save the Four Lands . I don 't know where I 'm headed , but I suspect it 'll be someplace full of Demons , so , no , Wil , I 'm not OK . It 's a good thing I 'm coming with you - I can annoy the Demons to death . This is no time for jokes . Whatever is going on , you can tell me . I don 't need you to hold my hand , and I don 't need your emotions getting in the way of what we have to do . ( CROW CAWS ) Alright - you 're gonna sneak into the palace , find the half-breed and snag the Stones . If I get caught , I 'll spend the rest of my life in a jail cell . Yeah ? It 'll be a lot worse if you come back empty-handed . Now , go . Don 't even think about double-crossing me . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ) Thanks for coming . I just had to see him one last time . Of course . I 'm so sorry about Jase , Catania . About all of this . I know . I just can 't believe you 're leaving again . Losing you once was bad enough . I 'm going to come back . Hey , what happened to you in there ? I saw Lorin . It was so real - I could touch him , smell him . He said I never loved him , that I was a coward . No , you 're none of those things , Amberle . It was just an illusion , a way for the Ellcrys to test you . I know . But it was right . I didn 't love Lorin . I was scared . We all are . GUARD : Commander Tilton . We have a situation in the Sanctuary . ( OMINOUS MUSIC ) ( GASPS ) - Went . - We need to get Amberle back to the palace . - Let 's go ! - ( GUARDS MUTTER ) ( BIRDS CHIRP ) WIL : Bandon . What are you doing out here ? I wanted to see the sky . When I was a kid , I dreamed of coming to Arborlon and seeing the royal palace . Now I 'm here ... All you want to do is go home . I have no home . If you let me bandage your wrists , they 'll heal faster . Don 't touch me ! Does something happen when people touch you ? I see things . Like what ? Their death . Is that what you meant about Amberle ? Before she entered the Ellcrys , you said something terrible would happen if I don 't go with her . When you touched Amberle , did you see anything like this ? BANDON : Yeah , this symbol . It was in the room where they died . They ? - You mean Amberle and Allanon ? - No . Amberle and another girl . A human . ( GRUNTS ) ( DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES ) Hey , Short Tips . Long time no see . I 've received word from the fort commander at Drey Wood . Rin Katsin has been summoned . He 'll be there in less than two days time . Thank you , Arion . Please pass that on to Allanon . About what I said earlier , I ... Yes , I 've been thinking about that . And I 've come to a decision . Even if we defeat this Demon horde I will not abdicate . If this crisis has taught me anything , it is that you are not yet ready to be king . I apologise for what I said earlier , but ... but , please , Father , do not let that overshadow my accomplishments . Accomplishments ? What would they be ? I deserve the crown . No-one deserves the crown . Your brother understood that . Why can 't you ? It is hard to compete with the ghost of a brother whose stature increases in your mind with every passing year . My decision is made . We have a problem . You have exactly five seconds before I call the guards . - Please don 't . - Give me one good reason not to . Cephelo saw you use the Stones . He sent me here to steal them . I said a good reason . Wil , he 'll kill me if I don 't . You really expect me to believe your own father would do that ? Cephelo is not my father . I 'm his property . He bought rne when I was a little girl . I spent the days learning how to steal and my nights fending off his men . So , yeah . He would kill me . I 'm sorry . Nobody deserves that . But I can 't give you the Stones . Look , I don 't want the Stones . I just want your help . I want to get away from him . And I want a new life , just like you . Look , my new life could be very , very short . I 'm in way over my head . But what you did at the camp , jumping in front of that Demon , I 've never seen anyone do something so brave before . That princess is lucky to have you . Amberle and I aren 't together . In fact , she wants nothing to do with me . Well , if I had someone like you , I would never let him go . SONG : ♪ I might be yours As yours I ... ♪ Nice try . But I 'm not falling for your little ro ... I get why you don 't trust me . But I am sorry . Apology accepted . ( BIRDS CHIRP ) Went was killed by one of the Dagda Mor 's Demons , probably the same one that murdered the Chosen and gave away our position in Wing Hove . Yeah , but it 's after me , isn 't it ? You are the only thing standing between the Dagda Mor and its freedom . Well , then , we should leave for Drey Wood tonight . - Under cover of darkness . - No . We cannot depart until we 've found this Demon and destroyed it . Otherwise it 'll keep informing the Dagda Mor of your movements . And if it comes for me , what then ? As long as you remain within the palace , Wil and I will take guard of you at all times . Speaking of Wil , where is he exactly ? I 'll never call you Short Tips again . ( DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES ) - ( GASPS ) - Ohh ! Sorry , ( BLADE RINGS ) ( GRUNTS ) Are you OK ? You 're gonna die . Excuse me ? Don 't go upstairs . It 's not safe . You don 't understand . You 've got to listen to me ! Listen to me ! - What is it ? - Eretria ? " Oh ! BANDON : Wait ! You can 't go up there ! - ( ERETRIA PANTS ) - AMBERLE : Stop that Rover ! AMBERLE : There 's nowhere to run , Eretria . - ( GRUNTS ) - ( GASPS ) ALLANON : Don 't let her escape . Cloak 's a nice touch , Rover , but your boots gave you away . - ( GRUNTS ) " Ohh ! ( GRUNTS ) Excellent work , Commander Tilton . TILTON : Thank you , Your Grace . Prince Ander assisted with the apprehension . If by ' assisted ' , you mean got his ass kicked , yeah , he was a big help . Rover , do you have a name ? Does it matter ? We all look the same to you anyway . You 'll address the King with the respect he deserves . He 's not my king , Elf . AMBERLE : Her name is Eretria . I met her on the road . She tried to rob me . You will be charged with the murder of the royal gardener and the attempted assassination of the Princess Amberle . - Do you understand ? - Are you insane ? I didn 't kill anyone . Besides me and Allanon , there were two other witnesses . Look . I 'm a lot of things , but I 'm not a killer . Then what are you doing in Arborlon ? WIL : She came for the Elfstones . But I wouldn 't put anything past her at this point . An Elvin court will decide your fate . If you are guilty , the penalty will be death . Take her to the cells . Amberle , please ! I didn 't do this ! I didn 't do this ! No ! I need to talk to her . It 's important . You 've got 30 seconds . - Where are they ? - Wil , I didn 't ... The Stones , Eretria , now ! Right-hand pocket . Liar and thief wasn 't good enough , huh ? - You had to add murderer to your list of accomplishments ? - No . No , when Amberle recognised me , I took off , but I didn 't try to kill her . Save it . Amberle was right about you all along . You only give a damn about yourself . Think about it , Wil . Why would I come all the way here to kill Amberle when I had a million chances out there in the woods ? How does murdering her even help me ? If someone 's really trying to kill her , then they 're still out there . Time 's up . My father 's sword . The Elvin people were deprived of a great king when he was taken from us . May it protect you on your journey . I miss him every day . EVENTINE : Me too . Now more than ever . You remind me of him so much . He was just like you , headstrong but selfless . And very brave . Arborlon could not have chosen a finer protector . You come back to us . I will . ALLANON : ls something bothering you ? I don 't understand why we can 't leave immediately now that the murderer has been caught . I 'm not so sure that 's the case . Why am I not surprised you 're taking the Rover 's side ? I have no love for Eretria , but she only came for the Elfstones . How was she able to steal the Stones in the first place ? Well , she attacked me in my room . We struggled and she knocked me out . Oh , I take it back , then . She sounds totally trustworthy . Look , she could have killed us in the woods or the Rover camp . Why come all the way here to do it ? Maybe she has a flair for the dramatic . It doesn 't matter . Allanon and I saw her with our own eyes . Well , our eyes aren 't impervious to deception . That 's Druid-speak for " Maybe you should reconsider . " I know you hate Eretria , but you can 't let your feelings cloud your judgement . If you have doubts that Eretria did it , why didn 't you tell her ? For the same reason you didn 't tell her that you slept with the Rover girl . It does not serve our mission . You seriously have to stop with the mind-reading . There is a powerful Demon inside this palace . Up to now , it 's been successful cloaking itself from me . If we can convince it that we 've let our guard down ... It might strike again . And this time , we 'll be ready . But we still don 't know what this Demon looks like . - Wait . Maybe Bandon could help . - The boy ? How ? He told me when he touches people , he sees their death . He 's a seer . That is a powerful and dangerous gift . Do you think he could see a dead person 's final moments ? BANDON : Why did you bring me here ? Wil told me about your gift . Seeing death is no gift . You are a seer , Bandon . You don 't just see death . You see possibilities . Your parents didn 't understand that . But I do . My mentor , Bremen , was a seer . I watched as he walked the perilous ledge between darkness and light . - AMBERLE : Allanon ! - WIL : I tried to stop her . Please let the Chosen rest in peace . My plan is to save the Ellcrys , and there 'll be no peace until that is done . Lorin pledged himself to protect the tree . Let him help us . ALLANON : All we need are his last moments . Look for the face of the killer . ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) - What did you see ? - ( PANTS ) It was her . - You killed him . - What ? She had the knife and silver eyes . It wasn 't the princess that you saw . It was a Changeling . The Changeling is an ancient Demon , a shape-shifter that can inhabit the form of any being it chooses . That explains how it 's been able to hide in the palace . AMBERLE : That thing killed Lorin . The Ellcrys was trying to warn me , and I ran . EVENTINE : If you hadn 't run , you 'd be dead by now , and all hope would be lost . Now , the Demon does not know that we are aware of its existence . That could work to our advantage . The Changeling wants me . That 's why it 's still here . If you are considering offering yourself as bait , think again . What if we use a decoy ? Someone with nothing to lose . Eretria will never help us . She will if it 's in her own self-interest . Good . EVENTINE : Now go convince her . Wil . The human girl I saw with Amberle in my vision was the Rover . Come to check out the view ? There may be a way to win your freedom . So you figured out I 'm not the one who attacked you . Way to go . We need your help to catch the real murderer , a Demon . You want to use me as bait . It 's either that or face an Elvin court . And before you play Little Miss Innocent , let 's not forget that you broke into the palace , assaulted Wil and stole the Elfstones . " Assaulted " ? Is that what he told you ? The details aren 't important . He said you broke into his room , that he struggled but you knocked him out . That 's one way to put it . You should know that the struggle was mutual and lasted about an hour . Well , he said you two weren 't together . And he 's absolutely right . AMBERLE : Are you going to help or not ? TILTON : You 'll be safe in here , Princess . Now what ? We wait . The princess didn 't seem very happy to hear about us . There is no ' us ' . Wow . You 're such a guy . - What 's that supposed to mean ? - Seduce the girl then drop her ? Me ? Seduce you ? - Yeah . - That 's ... Oh , that 's ... You 've gotta be kidding me . No . I call it like I see it . You can 't make me regret what happened any more than I already do . Well , I guess you 're really out of luck now . That princess won 't want a Rover 's sloppy seconds . ( DOOR OPENS ) A patrol just found the body of a Black Watch guard hidden near the North Wall . He 's been dead a couple of days . If the Changeling 's been hiding in the Black Watch , it might know we 're using a decoy . We have to warn Amberle ! Open the doors ! Open up ! WIL : Amberle , are you OK ? - I 'm fine . Why ? - You 're not safe here . It 's OK . What 's going on ? Why aren 't you with Eretria ? ( DEEP DARK VOICE ) Because it 's you I 'm after . - ( CRUNCH ) - ( GASPS ) WIL : Amberle ! - GUARD : Halt ! - AMBERLE : Stand down . Burn the Demon and seal its ashes in this . GUARD : Yes , sir . If we 're clone here , I 'll just take my things and go . I 'm afraid not . Commander Tilton , take the prisoner back to her cell . - What are you doing ? - I don 't make deals with Rovers . Oh , I knew an Elvin bitch wouldn 't keep her word . Let her go . This has gone far enough . You need to tell us what you know , Princess . Amberle . You saw Eretria in your vision . What are you talking about ? Bandon told me when he touched you , he saw you and Eretria together . But I 'm guessing you already knew that , mind-reader . I was hoping you were going to tell me of your own volition . Yes , she was in my vision . But I didn 't know what it meant . I thought it might be a warning . When she showed up and attacked me , that confirmed it . You need to start trusting the Ellcrys . Otherwise the three of you will not make it to Safehold . 'Three ' ? Princess , Rover , Elf and Druid makes four . Allanon wasn 't in my vision . If the Dagda Mor sends more Demons , we must be ready for them here . That is why you three must travel to Safehold together . ( HORSE NEIGHS ) Do you recognise this ? - Go to hell . - Oh , we might get there soon enough . 'We ' ? I 'm not going anywhere with you . Much as I 'd love to see you rot in that cell , the Ellcrys says you 're part of the quest . What the hell is an Ellcrys ? Lover boy can fill you in . We can 't do this without you . You are a Shannara , Wil . Never forget that . When you learn how to unlock the power of the Elfstones , the Demons won 't stand a chance . Yeah . It 's not the Demons I 'm worried about . I don 't know about you , but I 'm feeling great about this plan . Move out ! ( GRUNTS ) Don 't worry . Daddy 's coming . ( GROWLS ) ( GAGS )
