 Previously on Heroes Reborn ... SURESH : The planet is changing . No matter how we deny it . Do they have any idea what 's really coming ? SURESH : So , the question arises , how do we ensure our survival in the dark days ? FARAH : You 're not alone , Malina . ( ALL GASPING ) You 'll have help . Why are we rounding up Evos ? To save our species . The world as we know it is ending . I know . You believe in your grandmother 's visions , but you and your sister can 't stop this . Lately I have been plagued with dreams ... Fire raining down , blood everywhere , and the twins saving the world under a clock tower in Odessa , NOAH : How much longer do we have ? When the magnetic poles shift , animal migration patterns will be disrupted . Birds , butterflies , all flying in the wrong direction . And eventually the Northern Lights will appear further south than ever before . Meet mankind 's greatest hope . Right now I have to get you and your sister to Odessa . SURESH : Destiny , while marching ever in our direction , can be rerouted by the choices we make . ERICA : The fate of the entire world depends on us getting this right today . What if I don 't have the strength ? ERICA : Then I suggest you find it . Or that brother that 's been looking for you ? When the world ends , he 's going to burn right along with it . QUENTIN : You used my sister 's shadow to dampen everyone at the summit 's powers . Then you blew them all up . ( GRUNTS ) ( YELLING ) ( GRUNTS ) SURESH ' . Who Will live ? Who Will die ? And who among us will inherit this brave new world ? Come on ! ( GRUNTS ) Somethin ' big 's comin ' . Something big 's comin ' . NEWSREADER : ( ON RADIO ) We 're receiving more reports of severe and unpredictable weather in the Midwest . The southern Illinois city of Carbondale is being hammered by a powerful electrical storm . Fires have broken out in several parts of the city . The Illinois ... ( SWITCHES RADIO OFF ) My grandfather would never leave me . He promised we would do this together . How could he have just disappeared ? If that car hit him , where 's his body ? Malina , we can try and find him . I can circle back , we can see if there 's ... There 's too much at stake . He wouldn 't have wanted me to go backwards . I bet that woman who was hunting me , Erica Kravid , took him . I know she took Tommy . My brother and I need to be in Odessa . Whatever you have to do , whatever it takes , I 'm gonna be right there with you , okay ? Okay . Okay . So , what 's our timeframe , how long before this thing hits ? Two days . Oh , two days , plenty of time . Okay , Tommy 's been taken to Midian , Colorado , which means that 's our first stop ( BEEPING ) and then we get you two to Odessa . What ? Piece of cake . All right , here we go . ( PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) You shoot fireballs out of your hands . Why do you need a gun and bullets ? Well , because my powers are unreliable without the sun , so if we have to fight at night , we 're gonna need insurance , right ? We are in Missouri , after all , loan get you your own gun if you want one . Hmm . No need . I have a 24-hour power . I wanna get this . It kinda reminds me of Farah . ( BEEPING ) Okay . WOMAN : ( ON PA ) Shoppers , attention , please . We are sold out of bottled water and survival food packs . Oh , man . We still have some water , but ... All these people , loading up on supplies for the storm of the century , they have no idea what 's really happening . We do have water containers on our back isle . Limit one per customer , please . HARRIS : This was in Bedford , Missouri , a few hours ago . Wow . Oh , they think that Bennet 's grandson is in Midian . That 's where they 're headed . Weather has closed portions of the freeway that gets them there . If we can get here before they do , we can intercept them . Can 't wait to kill that little bitch . Bennet knows we 'll be coming after them . We 'll have to surprise them . Maybe we could take the girl alive . Bring her back to Renautas . She could be super-valuable , alive . Erica made her wishes clear as crystal . Terminate with extreme prejudice . I 'm not really clear on how you can terminate someone with mild prejudice , but I guess that 's not the point . Then what is the point , Quentin ? She isn 't that much younger than you . This doesn 't bother you at all ? Not even a little . ( SOFTLY ) It bothers me . Are we going to have a problem ? PHOEBE : Are we , Q ? No . We 're good . Who are you ? Why did you try and rescue me ? It is my mission to free the Master of Time and Space . How did you even get here ? I don 't know . Who sent you on this mission ? My father , Hachiro Otomo . Wait . Why are you looking at me like that ? 9th Wonders , you 're ... You 're Katana Girl ! Look . What ? MIKO : How is this possible ? My mom said that these comic books foretold my father 's future . Mine , too , I guess . Why am I in it ? You 're connected to us . You must play a part in saving the world . ( SCRAMBLING ) What 's happening to you ? Oh ... I am not real . You 're not real ? ( DOOR OPENS ) We gotta move ! Let 's go . Has the Eternal Fortress been rebuilt ? Almost . I just need a little more time . There is not much left , Hachiro . I realize that . Do you ? Because your digital spawn freed Hiro Nakamura and destroyed the Fortress , and somehow ended up here . I have had to rely on my powers of persuasion to keep that teenage teleporter on a very tenuous leash . And once again , Katana Girl has managed to get in the way . That 's the thing about constructs . They are single-minded . The only thing keeping you alive right now is the fact that you 're the only one capable of fixing the problem you created . I know that . Do your job . Or I will kill your daughter in front of you and then I 'll kill you . MATT : ( ON PA ) Hello , Sunstone residents . Time to dig deep and find that happy place . You are stronger than you think , and worthier than you believe . Visualize the place where you are the most at peace . Your happy place , a beautiful place . Today , nobody is in charge of your happiness but you . ( PANTS ) How many are out there ? I don 't know . Hundreds ? CARLOS : What the hell is happening ? My mother 's sick plan . Bagging and tagging Evos . Downloading their powers into tech . It 's more than that . She 's prepping for Armageddon . The earth is going to burn . That job I took , the last time I saw you ? It was to keep a girl hidden from Renautas . Her name is Malina . She and her brother are Evos who can stop the H.E.L.E. Then we need to find these two . Now , how do we start ? There 's someone here who can help our cause . Micah Sanders . All right . Let 's split up , then . You guys deal with Parkman . We 'll grab my nephew , Father Mauricio and this Micah . Let 's go . Let 's go . ( GUNSHOT ) FARAH : He 's one of the Truthers . ( GUN COCKS ) ( GUNS COCKING ) Farah . I had him . MATT : ( ON PA ) Sunstone guests , let my voice guide you to your happy place . Over here , come on . ( DOOR RATTLING ) Find your center and settle there . ( GUNSHOT ) Serenity is our goal . ( GROANS ) Cooperation is our purpose . Find your center and settle there . It 's gotta be one of these , right ? Your guess is as good as mine . Serenity is our goal . Not anymore . Cooperation is our ... ( DISTORTED VOICE ) ( CLATTERING ) What are you doing ? Evening the odds . FARAH : What the hell is that ? Helps me keep up with you Evo types . Did you build it ? Yeah . It looks like ... What are those Mexican wrestlers called ? Luchadors . Family tradition . Grandfather started it . Legend has it , he refused a bribe to throw a match . What happened ? Got his legs broken . I thought he was a crazy old man , but now I know why he refused . Why ? Because sometimes you have to stand up for something bigger than yourself . Even if it means getting your legs broken . But I 'm guessing you already knew that . Now , let 's go kick some ass . Yes , I understand we 're under siege , but if they can 't hear me , I can 't control them . Now , get a security guard to take you down to the control room , and just fix it . ( GROANS ) ( PANTING ) Speak ... ( DOOR OPENS ) ( GROANING ) I thought that was you , Rene . Where is Micah Sanders ? ( GRUNTS ) You just ... You turn down your mojo and I 'd be happy to tell you . ( MATT SIGHS ) You used to be a good man . A family man . I used to be . Then my family walked out on me . But I don 't blame ' em . Families break up . It 's sad . Doesn 't justify what you 're doing . Yeah , well , they couldn 't take my self-loathing . Let me ask you a question . You have any idea what it 's like to hear everyone 's thoughts night and day ? All the pettiness , the misery , cruelty ... Huh ? I have created a place here where everyone 's happy . They all appreciate me . They don 't have a choice . I have been given an opportunity to do something good , to save humanity . You sound like my mother . I have given us all a purpose , all of us . We play a role in preserving the future , and you should understand that . No , I don 't . Yeah . You know what I get in return , huh ? I get the ability to make this up to my family . I 've earned the golden ticket to the future . ( CHUCKLES ) Don 't fool yourself . You 're not going . No Evo is . Not unless they 're plugged into a pod . I 'm on the list . She owes me . She lied . My boyfriend , he 's an Evo . She used him , just like she 's using you . Matt , join us . With the help of Micah , we can defeat her . ( GUNSHOT ) ( SCREAMING ) ( HIGH-PITCHED RINGING ) Time to go home , Rene . Just walk away . TAYLOR : Wait . No . Hand me the gun . No . Where are you going ? And you . Either your mother lives up to her promises , or you 're gonna die here just like everybody else . MIKO : Tell me what else the comic book says . That 's the guy who took my father , and my sword . He 's why Ren and I came to America . Ren ? My partner . My only friend . My father said you will send me on my final mission . This must be it . TOMMY : It 's called Sunstone Manor . ( SCRAMBLING ) ( PANTING ) I 'm dying . You have to send me there . So I can play my part . How am I gonna convince Erica that I got rid of you ? Ribbon . Okay . ( SIGHS ) Are you ready ? If you see Ren , tell him that I loved him , too . I will . Good luck . What happened to the girl ? TOMMY : She was going to kill you . I had to take her . Where is she ? She disappeared . Did she say anything ? Yeah , she did . But it was all in Japanese . How about we go back to the present and you show me how I 'm gonna send everyone here before the H.E.L.E. kills us all ? Take us back to Gateway . Odessa , Texas . Otomo , then us . You 'll save everyone there first . Odessa ? ( PANTING ) ( SCRAMBLING ) ( POUNDING ON DOOR ) We 're not here to hurt you . We shut off the director 's voice , he has no more power over you . You 're free . We need your help to get out of here . The place is surrounded . CARLOS : I need to find my nephew . He 's 12 . Name 's Jose . We 're also looking for Micah Sanders . ( GASPS ) He 's in the isolation unit . Thank God , you 're alive . What can we do ? There 's an army outside . Everyone meet at the front door . ( WHIMPERING ) Come on . Tell me , Taylor , what is it with you and Mommy , huh ? Come on , tell me ! ( GROANS ) Why do you hate her so much ? Why ? ERICA : This whole thing is about your friend , Francis ? TAYLOR : You didn 't tell me he was locked in the basement wired up in some kind of pod along with all those other Evos . Okay . Okay . ( PANTING ) So , Mommy betrayed you , huh ? She didn 't approve of a man that you loved . I need something else , come on . Come on , dig ! Dig ! ( GROANING ) A baby ? What about a baby ? What about a baby ? A baby . Oh . ( CHUCKLES ) ( SOBBING ) Erica doesn 't know about the baby , does she ? Okay . All right , see , that I can use . My family is going to the future , or Erica doesn 't meet her grandchild . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Okay , it 's time to go , now , Taylor , okay ? Now , you are gonna be a good girl . ( PANTING STOPS ) There you go . Good . HARRY CLONE : We 'll take Ms. Kravid . Yeah . Yeah , I don 't think so . ( GRUNTING ) All right , we 're clear , let 's go . CARLOS : Jose ! JOSE : Tio Carlos ? ls that you ? Jose ? Jose , where are you ? JOSE : Tio Carlos . I 'm scared . Jose , I 'm here . ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) Just tell me where you are . ( PANTING ) All right , we 're gonna help save these people and we 're gonna get out of here . Okay ? This is Farah , she 's with us . HEY - All right , we need to find the isolation unit . It 's at the other end of the compound . I can take you there . Okay I 'll go out , organize our defense . ( WHIRRING ) ( ALARM BEEPING ) Got ' em . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What the hell is this ? ( HORNS HONKING ) ( HORNS HONKING CONTINUES ) I think I recognize them . LUKE : Who ? Who are they ? Erica Kravid 's people . We need to go . Yeah , out . Into the cornfield , now . LUKE : Malina , give us some cover . ( WIND HOWLING ) Shut it down , Phoebe ! ( WIND HOWLING ) It 's not working . What 's happening ? I can 't heat up . It 's the girl . She 's a power blocker . That 's how they shot Farah . The same darkness I saw at the Summit . Okay , okay . Go , go , go to the barn at the edge of the field . Wait there . No . I 'm the one they 're after . This isn 't your destiny . You don 't know that . How are you going to defend yourself ? You don 't have your power . You can 't block a Glock . Now go . Please . Please ! It looks just like the future It 's amazing what the mind can accept if it 's wrapped in a familiar package . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) All these people . They have no idea what 's coming , do they ? No . No , we can 't risk mass panic . How 'd you get them to come here ? We tracked down the best and the brightest . We offered them research grants , high-paying jobs ... Money . Of course . That they 'll never be able to use . Sometimes you have to deceive people for their own good . I could never tell these people that I had their genomes mapped for specific markers . But one day , when I 've ensured a healthy population , they 'll understand the deception . I 'd like to see my mom now . ( PANTING ) Stand clear . ( MACHINE BEEPING ) Has to be him . ( PANTING ) QUENTIN : You okay ? I 'm fine . Phoebs , we 're on the same team . Stop distracting me . Oh . What 's going on ? Shut up . ( WHIMPERING ) ( MALINA GROANING ) ( CHOKING ) Make it quick . ( MALINA COUGHING ) ( COUGHS ) ( GRUNTS ) Whoa ! Whoa ! Drop the gun . You 're that Odessa guy . You 're the one who stole Noah Bennet 's car . You killed all those people at Primatech . You shot me . My wife wanted to kill you . I told her not to . It was one of the few things she was right about . Gotta love second chances . You 're on the wrong side , buddy . You don 't know what you 're doing . Where 's Bennet ? Why are you running the show ? Bennet 's gone . What ? Why are you worried so much about Bennet anyway ? You should be worried about yourself . If you even think about pulling that trigger , I will roast you faster than your buddy over here . How committed are you ? You willing to die for your side ? Don 't do it . ( DROPS GUN ) That 's right . Malina , shunt her please . Now you 're going to answer some questions . ( GROANING ) WOMAN : ( ON PA ) Storm evacuees , please go to the information window for temporary housing assignments . If your name is on the transfer list , please alert any Renautas employee to receive your travel kit . Once you receive your kit , please proceed to the Gateway Annex for further instructions . I didn 't think I 'd ever see you again . ( SIGHS ) We had to leave Carbondale . What , why ? What happened ? There was a fire after a huge electrical storm . And for some reason , we were the only ones evacuated . Can you imagine that ? ( SIGHS ) Are you okay ? I 'm okay . I 'm okay . Thank you . I guess we owe our lives to Ms. Kravid . She 's the one who arranged for us to come here . No . You 're here because Tommy wanted you to be here . I 'm very grateful to be reunited with my son , Ms. Kravid . But I have a lot of questions . And I 'll need some answers if you want Tommy 's help . I understand . If I could just borrow him again , I will return him to you with answers to your questions . I know I 've tried to keep you from it , but you can 't run away from your true destiny . Hey . It 's okay . I 'll see you soon . You trust me , don 't you ? Because I 'm trusting you with the future of the entire human race . And I 'd like to show you how you 're going to save it . MALINA : Where is my brother ? Where is he ? I 've seen your work . At the Summit . You murdered thousands of innocent people , didn 't you ? My son was one of them . Go ahead . Shoot me . Phoebe was just the gun . Erica Kravid pulled the trigger . You know that . Noah Bennet knew that . He 's right , Luke . Where is her brother ? Keep your mouth shut , Quentin . And just like that , I 'm out of patience . You 're not gonna want to watch this . He 's in the future . With Erica . He 's on our side now , man . He 's gonna take us over to the other side before the end comes . From where ? QUENTIN : Odessa . Gateway . I 've seen it . It 's the only thing we 've got , man . Give me one reason I shouldn 't waste her right now . Because Erica still has Tommy . You have enough regrets . Do you really need more ? ( SCOFFING ) ( SIGHS ) MALINA : We 'll take them with us . We 're gonna figure out what to do with them later . TOMMY : I don 't understand . What is it ? Welcome aboard . I 'm so glad you 're joining us . Hop in . I 'll explain . ERICA : Tommy , this is Richard , my lead scientist . RICHARD : The machine will amplify your power and run it through the conduits , allowing you to send anyone who 's wearing one of these to the future in an instant . That 's a lot of watches . Well , Renautas has poured billions into this . We 've sent them all over the world . We can 't force people to join us , but we can give them the opportunity to . MAN : Ms. Kravid . Phone for you . ( SIGHS ) Yes . Sunstone 's been compromised . Matt Parkman went rogue . He has Taylor . Do you know where he 's taking her ? My guess is he 'll come to you . And we have another problem . Otomo 's daughter is here . He 's playing both sides . What would you like me to do ? You take care of the girl . Tommy 's my problem . ( CELL PHONE DISCONNECTS ) ( GRUNTS ) Stand back . ( WHIRRS ) ( THUDS ) ( CARLOS GRUNTS , PANTS ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) Tio , someone 's coming . ( RICOCHETS ) ( GROANS ) ( CHOKING ) ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) ( SPEAKING SPANISH ) VVater to wine , flesh to powder , we do what we can . FATHER MAURICIO : Look out ! No ! ( GROANS ) No , no ! I 'll get help . It 's okay . CARLOS : No , no , no , no , no . ( FATHER MAURICIO GROANS ) JOSE : Uncle Carlos ? ( PANTING ) ( SWALLOWS ) Just stay back there , okay ? Everything 's okay . ( MACHINE BEEPING ) ( SCREAMS ) ( WHIRRS ) ( GROANING ) You okay ? ( PANTING ) We 're gonna get you out of here . Seems like you got a big job ahead of you . Hell , yeah . I need a computer . We should move . Everyone 's assembled at the front door . Where 's Jose ? Just give me a second . I don 't want him to see him like this . Jose , it 's okay . We have to go . Come on . The other thing I should mention ? There 's some sword-wielding Japanese girl outside handling the clones all by herself . HARRIS : This battle is mine . I have been looking forward to this . Really ? ( SCRAMBLING ) Because you don 't quite seem to be all here . ( YELLS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( GRUNTS ) ( YELLS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( GROANS ) ( YELLS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( GROANS ) ( PANTING ) ( GROANING ) ( YELLS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( GROANING ) ( THUDS ) ( BOTH PANTING ) Know this , Miko-san , after I 'm finished putting your lights out , I 'm going to kill the real you , and then your father . Now , game over . ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANING ) Don 't get ahead of yourself . ( GRUNTS ) LUKE : No ! ( PANTING ) Who are you ? I was Katana Girl . MICAH : Every piece of misinformation , Erica disseminated through me . Every bit of truth she wanted hidden , I hid . There 's a lot to undo . Tell us what you know . First thing you need to understand is that two massive solar flares are coming tomorrow . At 11 : 18 a.m. and 11 : 53 a.m. The first will destroy North America . And the second will wipe out all of humanity . My God . And nobody knows . If word gets out , there will be mass panic and riots . People will kill each other . Wouldn 't be much of a world left to save . We can stop it , right ? Your girl , Malina , and her brother can stop it . ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah , that 's the plan . ( WHIRRS SOFTLY ) Okay . I 've connected to every live media outlet in the world . Are we ready ? ( ON PA ) My name is Micah - Some of you know me as Hero Truther . You have been fed a pack of lies by the head of Renautas , Erica Kravid . She drove the wedge between Evos and non-Evos . And I can prove it . Despite humans being the dominant species on this planet , 12 brothers and sisters ( PEOPLE MURMURING ) managed to change the compass today . Erica , how was that ? I feel like I could be stronger on that last line . I need you to be more threatening . The world needs to be terrified of you and every single Evo or we fail . Try again . ( SIGHS ) ( SIGHING ) Phil , you 're losing him . ( GRUNTS ) ( AUDIENCE GASPING ) ( SIGHS ) PHIL : Sorry , Erica . I 'm a little tired . Take a break . Lies and deception , all of it . Evos and non-Evos , you were meant to share this world . Now it 's time for us all to stand together and fight to save our planet . Take her handcuffs off . They 're not necessary . ( KEYS JANGLING ) ( HANDCUFFS CLICKING ) What a pleasure to finally meet you , Joanne . What the hell am I doing here ? You know who I am ? Good . We 've been tracking you for quite a while now . You did this ? You changed the headlines . So you could continue your work . They say that you 're responsible for June 13th . Lies . But why should that surprise you ? We both know what they 're capable of . I 'm a mother , too . And I know the pain Evos have brought into our world . ( BREATH TREMBLING ) What you have accomplished on your own is admirable . What if I said I could provide you with an opportunity to make a real difference ? ( BEEPS ) Your next target . She has a new protector , but I think that will make the assignment even more enticing .
