 Previously ... We will unite the clans and I will lead you all to glory . Charles has landed in Scotland and is gathering his army . Then what will ye do , brother ? To save our clans , our country , we must band together . Angus ! Rupert ! Dougal ! Colum change his mind then ? Colum 's mind is his own . We are here . We 'll make a fine group of Highland soldiers . It is our time . These are my men , my clan . They 'll answer to me and no one else . If you choose to fight with Clan Fraser , then you 'll follow my orders without objection . I would give my life to see a Stuart back on the throne . If we have the discipline to fight together , then by God , we will win . ♪ Sing me a song ♪ ♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪ ♪ Say , could that lass ♪ ♪ Be I ? ♪ ♪ Merry of soul ♪ ♪ She sailed on a day ♪ ♪ Over the sea ♪ ♪ To Skye ♪ ♪ Billow and breeze ♪ ♪ Islands and seas ♪ ♪ Mountains of rain and sun ♪ ♪ All that was good ♪ ♪ All that was fair ♪ ♪ All that was me ♪ ♪ Is gone ♪ ♪ Sing me a song ♪ ♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪ ♪ Say , could that lass ♪ ♪ Be I ? ♪ ♪ Merry of soul ♪ ♪ She sailed on a day ♪ ♪ Over the sea ♪ ♪ To Skye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ How many men had I seen killed in war ? This Highlander who had run afoul of a redcoat patrol was only the latest one . The rebellion Jamie and I had labored so hard to prevent was upon us . Our only hope was that somehow we could change the outcome . I feared in my heart that history would not be rewritten . That no matter how many battles we might win , victory would remain forever out of reach . Claire , how long do you need to take a simple pish ? I 'll be right there . How many men had I seen killed in war ? ♪ Far , far too many . There , sir . Right there is your enemy . Yet we do nothing but sit here and twiddle our thumbs . And what would you have the Lord General do , John ? Pardon me , Quartermaster O 'Sullivan . Well , attack , damn it . Pardon me , Your Highness , but ... but for the life of me , I cannot understand why General Murray insists we waste our time in dilly-dally . I rushed the army here to ensure our possession of the high ground . And now you wish us to abandon such a strong defensive position and attack the enemy in force ? Indeed I do , sir . Time , sir . Time is of the essence . We must not tarry , Your Majesty . We must strike and strike hard . May I remind the Quartermaster any attacking force will have to cross here , through Tranent Meadows . Though " meadow " is a fancy name for the bog that lies between us and the enemy . Since when did a Scotsman shy away from a bit of mud , huh ? Especially when there 's an enemy waiting for him on the other side . Since when does an Irish-born officer dismiss the dangers of boggy ground to an infantry attack ? Well , thank God . A sane voice , at last . Can you imagine , Sire ? Your army wallowing helplessly while under a withering volley from the British Brown Bess musket ? A weapon deadly at 50 yards and accurate up to 100 . Cavalry could prove useful to our needs . Both to test the ground and to report on the enemy position . Aye , a braw squad of dragoons could mean the difference between victory and defeat . Let us not speak of defeat or of cavalry we do not have . And as for the Lord General , may I remind him that he would be remaining behind the lines , and therefore need not be concerned about British marksmanship . Damn my liver ! What are you implying , sir ? I imply nothing , sir . I 'm merely grateful that we are dependent upon the bravery of our warriors ... Here , here ! who are not afraid to face shot or shell to pursue a glorious victory for our prince and for our king . Mark me , now it is but weeks gone since we took the cities of Perth and Edinburgh without firing a single shot . And let us not forget , they welcomed me with open arms . Aye , but on both occasions we possessed the element of surprise , Your Royal Highness . General Cope wasna expecting us . His troops fled . And that won 't happen again , Sir . Perhaps if I were to arrange a meeting with the General ? Offer him generous terms of surrender . Give him my word his men will be allowed to march back to England unmolested . I am sure he has no more desire to shed English blood than I have . We are all brothers after all . Even as a young lad you had the kindest of hearts , Sir . But I fear the time for talk is done . We sailed from France to fight a war . Let us fight ... and be done with it . I will not risk destroying our army ... by ordering it to cross potentially lethal ground . Is that clear , sir ? I will not allow it . Then resign your commission and let the prince find himself a general with a firmer backbone ! You pompous toe-rag ! While you two exchange insults , what do I tell Clan MacDonald ? Tell your men to await further orders . Which may be some time . Why must the Scots be such intractable people ? Aye , we can be pig-headed on occasion . On many an occasion . As can the Irish , I fear . Our cause must succeed , James . I promised my father , and I have promised God . Mark me . Your noble wife will be among those providing medical succor for those poor souls in need of such come the cannon 's roar ? Aye , she 's helping to set up a field hospital even as we speak , Your Royal Highness . Be so kind to tell her the prince asks that British casualties be tended to before the Jacobite wounded . The British are my father 's subjects also , and I will have them well cared for . They must be made to realize the Scots wage war upon them with the greatest of reluctance . They are our enemies now , but one day soon they will be our friends again . I 'm afraid the British have never been a friend to the Scots . But as your friend , I would advise you not to speak of such things within earshot of the men . They would not appreciate such sentiment . Nor do I believe would my wife follow such an order . From her prince , perhaps not . But surely Lady Broch Tuarach would prove obedient to an edict from her lord and master . Aye . ♪ Enough ! " Enough , " ye say ? That 's what he said , all right . I heard it with these very ears . The ale ye waste now is ale ye 'll probably be wanting later . Quench the thirst of battle . " The thirst of battle , " ye say ? What would ye two cotters ken of battle , eh ? Cotters we may be , but we 're here , same as you . For gore and glory . Gore and glory , is it ? There 's no pigs ye 're slaughtering here , but men . And they 'll be looking to do the same to you . We know our task , and we 'll do what needs doing to return the king across the water . Will ye now ? I bet ye Lallybroch tumshies will turn arse and run at first blast of cannon fire . Ye take that back , ye buggering wee shite ! Hey , ye fancy a doing ? Come on , I 'll open ye from yer belly to yer bone ! Put that blade down or I 'll ram it up yer arse until ye taste it . Ye try it , ye bushy-faced whoreson ! For the love of Christ , how can a man nap with all this blathering ? Is that a dirk I see in yer hand ? Angus . See yer getting on as well as our commanders . Have we orders , Jamie ? No . Nor are we likely to while the general and O 'Sullivan remain hopping mad at each other . It sounds like someone in the front ranks could do with a good arse kicking , eh ? If only that was all was needed . What is required is a reconnaissance of the marshland that sits between us and the British camp . Discover if the ground is solid enough for our army to cross . So the plan is for us to attack ? If the Quartermaster has his way . Though I 'm of a mind it 's the better part of valor to force the British to come to us . But not even O 'Sullivan will countenance an attack until the question of the ground is solved . To undertake such a mission under the very guns of our enemies will be naught but suicide . So , eat yer fill and rest up . Save the whisky for when we have cause to celebrate . Dougal , a word . It would be an easy thing to have someone ride out to take a measure of the marshland ? And get a musket ball between the eyes for their trouble . Not if he 's prudent . And lucky . There 's no other way about it . If the ground can support a man on horseback , it can support infantry . And , uh , is it yerself ye 're nominating ? 'Cause if ye survive such foolishness , the prince would have yer head for endangering the life of one of his most trusted aides . Hmm . Aye . He would not be best pleased . No . Still and all , someone has to risk the doing . And all I need to do is stay out of range of their guns . 125 yards should do it . I was thinking more 105 . The redcoats will only be too happy to crack away at a living , breathing target . Oh , aye , it 's a gamble , but it 's worth the risk . Besides , I 'd like to prove my mettle to the prince and Lord Murray and the rest of these jackanapes . So then , 125 yards ? Or thereabouts . ♪ Here , look . All right , men . Come on , then , to ranks . Load . Extraordinary fellow . That 's Dougal MacKenzie . Personal friend of mine . You are ? I 'm your prince , Charles Edward Stuart . Are ye really ? Ye hear that ? I 'm talking to the prince . An honor to make yer acquaintance , - Your Royal Highness . - Quite so . Easy , boy . Fire at will ! ♪ - Fire ! - Come on . Ease off , lads . I think we 've learned all we need to know . Quite enough . ♪ Surrender . Bravo ! Bravo ! Mark me , if I had 100 men like you , this war would be over tomorrow . Well , I dinna ken about that , Your Royal Highness , but I fear that it 's joyless news that I bring back with me . Indeed . Gentlemen , there will be no glorious Highland charge through Tranent Meadows . Damn me , we can 't get to the British , and they can 't get to us . We should disengage from the enemy under cover of darkness and return to Edinburgh . And wait for the British to lay siege to the city ? The enemy is here , General , not in Edinburgh . Now , I look to you to break this stalemate or I will be forced to find myself a new general . ♪ Ye 're a lucky bastard . Ye should get that looked at . Either way . It 's just a scratch . And now , I 'm off to change my breeks because the hero of the hour has shat his pants . So , apparently your Doctor MacPherson left Tranent a few days ago . But fortunately , he left his medical bag behind . The instruments in it will prove useful , more useful than the doctor himself probably would have . So , it is up to us to tend to the wounded . And I have no doubt that together we will be able to do it . Molly Cockburn , you 're a strong girl . Now , your job is to see to it that the pails and buckets are filled at all times . And use water from the well only . Yes , Lady Broch Tuarach . There 's no time for all of that . " Claire " is fine . Fergus ? Please ? I 'm sorry , I 've forgotten your name . Alice McMurdo , Madame . Alice , that 's right . You are responsible for looking after the honey water . Begging your pardon , I don 't see what good sweet water 's going to do for bullet wounds . Well , for the wounds themselves , nothing . But it will help keep the patients ' blood pressure up . Trust me , it 's important . It will also help replace any fluids lost and prevent shock . And our friend Fergus here , he will be responsible for keeping the kettle fires burning . Women 's work . I-I 'm sorry . What was that ? Nothing , Milady . Leave it to me . Thank you . Milady ! Milady ! This gentleman , he wishes to speak to the commander of His Highness ' army . Has information of the utmost importance . Allina , Alice , a moment please . Sir . I 'm Richard Anderson of Whitburgh , Madame . Lady Broch Tuarach , Claire Fraser . Yes , Milady . Ye see , I 've lived in these parts all my life . My father owns the land , so I ken the grounds where the armies are like the back of my hand . There 's a way down from the ridge where the Highland troops are . A small , hidden trail that will lead them past the bog at the bottom to catch the English unawares . - I see . - If I may speak to a commander , perhaps Lord Murray himself . Fergus , do you think you can find your master ? Yes , I-I will find him . Go now , but be careful . Tell him to come back straightaway to speak with Mr. Anderson . Here , you say ? Aye . Or thereabouts . I don 't ken much from maps . There 's no such path marked . Marked or no , it 's there . As I told Mrs. Fraser , it 's a narrow , winding path , hard to spot in daylight , and hopeless to find in the dark . Unless ye ken where to look . And you do ? Aye , I do . Fortune drops out of the sky and onto our doorstep . Convenient , is it not ? If we dare trust this boy . And ye 're willing to lead us across the meadows ? There 's no other way for it . I 'm no much for fighting , but I 'll get ye from here to there without a misstep . Thank you , Mr. Anderson . Your help is much appreciated . I do wish that John was here . I pray I might hear his opinion . And I pray the Quartermaster is off somewhere gathering much needed victuals for this army . Delay could prove fatal , Your Royal Highness . ♪ Off we go , gentlemen . Now we shall not return unless we bring victory back with us . I 'm not saying it 's going to happen , but if it does , if I 'm to fall in battle , it would ease me greatly to know that you 'll watch over Bess and the croft . And I 'll do the same for you , if it proves necessary . My Marina and the six bairns ? I 'd wish them on no man . Listen , there 's a wee bit of coin buried south of the pig sty . She-devil knows where . - Then it 's settled . - Aye . What 's mine is yours , and yours mine . You can have my sword . And my dirk . And my sporran . And all that it contains , eh ? What are you havering about now ? Were ye no listening to those two ? What 's his is his . What 's mine is yours . What use would I have for a sword that 's never been used ? Ye think I need a fat man 's blade dangling from my hip ? Eh ? It occurs to me ... I 'll be leaving Scarlet to ye as well . Scarlet the whore ? Part-time whore . Full-time barmaid . She 's not yours to give , ye daft bastard . Well , I 'm saying she is . And it 's ye I 'll be giving her to . Do ye accept ? I do not . Now shut yer gab before ye bring the devil 's own eye upon us . If ye dinna put that whetstone down , ye 'll be grinding that blade to a needle . May as well get it off yer chest . Whatever it is . Ah ... It 's just ... In a raid , every man has a part to play . You tell yerself that the raid 's success or failure is dependent on yer actions . And if ye 're forced to wound a man , kill him even , chances are ... ye stare into his eyes when doing it . And if you were to be killed , ye 'd die knowing that yer memory would live on within yer clan . Yer death would have meaning . But this ... this is different . We 're but part of a 2,000 strong army . My death , your death , alone would be meaningless . 500 , 1,000 would have to be slain before our deaths take on any meaning . That 's not a very comforting thought on the eve of battle . Aye . It weighs on me . If it 's words of comfort ye 're looking for , I 've none to give . In Paris , I almost lost my marriage trying to stop all of this from happening . I failed . We . We failed . If there 's any solace , I feel much the same way you do . Aye . It is . Make sure you get some sleep , Sassenach . Tomorrow will be a ... a trying day for us all . I don 't think sleep will be an option for anyone tonight . Milady , Milord . I request permission to join you in the fight that is to come . And who will keep the hospital fires burning , hmm ? I 'm sure someone else can handle such work . I can sneak into the very tent of General Cope . I will steal his sword . A general cannot fight without his sword . I don 't doubt yer capabilities , laddie . But without you , who will look after the women ? Uh , the ... the same person who keeps the fires lit , I don 't know . Mm . And what of our Lady Broch Tuarach , huh ? There 's no one I trust with her safety more than you . Looks like you 're going to have to stay and like it . Is that understood ? Jamie . It 's time . It 's time to send the British army to hell . If you ask me , the British don 't stand a chance . Angus . Surely there 's another woman you can have kiss you good-bye . Oh , none that will have him . Must I remind you , Mistress , at this time tomorrow I could be laying in a field bleeding to death ? I would hate for my last thought to be how you denied me my final request . You are shameless . I 'll not say good-bye to ye , Claire . No need to , since none of us will be meeting our maker in this place . When we meet again , it 'll be to embrace in victory , share a stiff dram . Mistress . ♪ Watch over Jamie . Always . We will win the day , correct ? It is the promise of history . Yes , we will win this day . So we shall . ♪ On your way , soldier . ♪ ♪ Get some rest , all of you . That 's an order . Have any of you seen Fergus ? ♪ I 'll be leaving you now if it 's all the same to you , General . I 'm no general , but all of Scotland 's in your debt . General Murray , you see the prince stays here out of harm 's way . I shall indeed . Gentlemen , must I remind you that this is my army ? Now I very much desire to lead them into battle . It is my right and my destiny . I carry a sword , and I am trained in its use . I dinna doubt it , but Your Royal Highness must realize this rebellion would never survive your death . Besides , regaining the throne would never mean as much to King James if the son that made it possible wasna there to share the moment wi ' him . A touching sentiment , James . Mark me , I don 't believe my father is all that fond of me . Nevertheless , ye shall remain behind the lines with the Quartermaster and the Lord General . I need these strips to be a little wider . Yes , Madame . That looks good . Just keep going . I know what you 're all feeling . I 've been there myself . The fear . The self-doubt . But our men are depending on us . And we will not let them down . ♪ Boil these again . They need to be spotless . Right away . ♪ Everyone up ! Get up ! " He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High " shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty . - " I will say of the Lord ... " - Go get more firewood , please . We 're going to need lots and lots of hot water . " He is my refuge and my fortress : my God : in Him will I trust . " I 'm sorry , lad , ye 'll have to bite it tight . Ross ? Come with me . Could someone get some more hot water ? More dressings ! If ye could rip more dressings ! I 'm sorry . Sorry ? He 's gone . Claire . There 's nothing more I can do . ♪ ♪ Come on ! ♪ Stand your ground , you dogs ! Don 't turn your back on these traitors ! Stand your ground ! ♪ The British ! The British prisoners are here . We mean you no harm , Madame . But we do require your assistance . Allina , sort these men out by the severity of their wounds . - Come with me . - You two , over there . Get this man on to a bed . Rupert , he needs you , Mistress . Rupert , I 'll be there in a second . Now ! - Allina , take over here . - Yes , ma 'am . Ye must save him , Mistress . I 'll no allow that fat bawbag to die on me . Oh . Molly , we have to close this wound before an infection sets in . Get me hot water , a large needle , and thread . - Now ! - Right away , mistress . Angus , it was Angus . Is he blown up ? Tell me ! - What 's he talking about ? - It 's just a cannon blast . It 's nothing . Damn it all ! Stand your ground ! ♪ ♪ Tell me true , Mistress , will he live ? I wish I knew . But he 's strong , and if the wound doesn 't fester , then ... Let me see that head of yours . Come on . Your eyes are clear . Any nausea ? No . I told ye , I 'm fine . If it 's anything , it 's a mild concussion . So you can stay here by Rupert , but no napping ; I want you awake . Well , I must admit , I 'm bone-weary , but I 'll be keeping both eyes on this big belly going up and down . Well , as long as it does , there 's hope . Aye . The day is ours , Sassenach . The British are routed . General Cope is in retreat , leaving hundreds of dead and wounded behind . And our losses can 't number more than 50 men . The whole thing took all of 15 minutes . If only we had cavalry , huh , we could have pursued the enemy , captured General Cope , perhaps put an end to the rebellion this very morning . ♪ Where 's Fergus ? I 'm sure he went to fight . Dinna fash , Sassenach . Take a wee peek outside . Fergus ! Oh , you wretch ! What do you mean by sneaking off like that ? Should box your ears until your head rattles . - Milady . - Are you all right ? I ... I-I killed an English soldier , Milady . Don 't tell me that . I think I killed him . He ... he fell down . I had a knife . I struck him . Oh , God , Fergus . Oh , I 'm so sorry . You aren 't injured , are you ? No . I 'm just ... tired . Very , very tired . ♪ Come with me . I 'll get you some food , somewhere to sleep . Ahh ! Dougal MacKenzie . Do I know ye ? Lieutenant Jeremy Foster . I accompanied you and the lady Claire Beauchamp to the village of Brockton . Oh , aye . The only honorable redcoat in Lord Thomas ' staff . I would be much obliged if you would see me to your infirmary . Oh , ye expect me to carry ye to Tranent ? I 've still got work to do here . Is your thirst for slaughter not quenched yet ? You 've won a great victory today . Aye . And I wager there 'll be many more to follow . A war chief should know better . I tell you this in all candor : you cannot defeat the British army . You 've won a battle , but you will never win this war . Well ... No . No ! God alone knows the answer to that . Shush . There , there . And if so ... I 'll look for you in hell . ♪ We did not run . Dinna fash yerself , that blubber no doubt protected his innards . Aye . Must have been those third portions he gobbled that did it . Aye , the man could eat . Can eat , I meant to say . Easy now , ally , you look done in . No , it 's just ... It 's been a long night . What is that ? You look like you got stepped on by a horse . Hm , ' cause I was . The British were in such retreat an officer galloped right over me . Here , fill this . You 've had 400 weight of horse step on your kidney . I want to see if there 's any blood in your urine . Here . Hold this while I take aim . Six pence says you can 't make it from where you stand . Ah , I wouldna say it was easy , but for six pence , ow , I 'll make the effort . Silence , everyone . Let the man concentrate . Madame Fraser , your labors on our behalf are much appreciated . Your Royal Highness . Please be careful of the blood ; the floor is slippery . I bring you the blessing and gratitude of my father . Your deeds today will be forever remembered . If this victory had been obtained over foreigners , my joy would be complete . But as it is over Englishmen , it brings a damp chill over my heart . I say to you all : I came here in the interests of both our countries , which are , in truth , but one country . - My father will tell me ... - Victory is ours ! Let the writing of the ballads begin . Dougal ! What 's this , then ? What ? Do ye mean to tell me ye been tending this scum as if they were yer own kin ? Dougal , the British were taught a lesson this morning they are not soon to forget . Like bloody hell . I say we put an end to this shit here ... No , killing these men willna add to our victory . Ye call these bastards " men " ? Yes . Men . And they are my father 's subjects . And each one of them is your brother . My God , sir , where is your Christian charity ? James ... I wish for you to remove this gentleman from the muster roll immediately . There is no place for such wanton disregard for Englishmen in my army . Dougal MacKenzie is a true warrior . Your Royal Highness , I ken it well , despite his foolish tongue . If this army is to triumph , we 'll need every warrior we can muster . Yes , James . And the fastest horse will undoubtedly win the race . Now what good is it when its master is tossed from its saddle in the process ? What am I to do with such a blood-thirsty barbarian ? We ... promote him ... Your Royal Highness . As captain of the newly formed . Highlander Dragoons , give him 15 of our best riders and horses . Let them follow the enemy , report on troop movements , harass his supply lines . That way , we use his abilities ... and Your Royal Highness will never have to lay eyes upon him . You have an ingenious mind , James . You are in his debt , rouge . See that he does not come to lament his benevolence . ♪ I thank you , lad . Truly . And I swear ... that I will not give you cause to regret your generosity . But I know what ye 're up to . Ye champion me and ye exile me , both at the same time . That 's a plan worthy of my brother Colum . Angus , how 's Rupert ? Talk to me , man . He 's my friend as well . Claire ! Angus ! Oh , my God , the cannon blast . He 's been bleeding internally this whole time . - Angus . - Is there nothing you can do ? ♪ ♪ ♪ I expected the flavor of victory to taste sweeter . Aye . War tastes bitter , no matter the outcome . Well , Claire , turns out you were right about Prestonpans after all . I was , wasn 't I ? That means I 'm also right about the disaster awaiting us at Culloden . ♪ Down , down , down , down ♪ ♪ Here 's a health to the king ♪ ♪ And a lasting peace ♪ ♪ To factions end and wealth increase ♪ ♪ Come let us drink while we have breath ♪ ♪ For there 's no drinking after death ♪ ♪ And he that would ♪ This toast deny ♪ ♪ Down among the dead men ♪ ♪ Down among the dead men ♪ ♪ Down , down , down , down ♪ ♪ Down among the dead men , let him lie ♪ ♪
