 Previously on marvel 's " agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... If I 'm locked down on the base , At least let me do something . The last time you helped wasn 't helpful . You know I 'm technically your boss now , right ? A good partner would 've seen that she was turned . None of us saw it . I 'm not gonna fight you . [ screaming ] [ bones cracking ] So hive wants to turn any human into an inhuman , Regardless of that person 's existing genetic markers . [ screaming ] Hive : You assured me this would work . Yeah , and it would have I-if I 'd been provided with the right ingredients . The dna you need - - I have it . So , if you want this experiment to work ... Drain me . [ blues music plays ] Woman on tv : Still no word on the whereabouts of steve rogers After his public feud with tony stark and the avengers Over the controversial sokovia accords . Ratified by 117 countries , The accords place the avengers under u.N. Authority And provide a framework for the registration And monitoring of all enhanced individuals . May : We knew this was gonna happen sooner or later . ... Another wet one , folks . Cap , agent carter - - They were my heroes growing up . Both of them were there at the beginning of s.H.I.E.L.D. Now we may be there when it ends . The last thing we need right now Is the government hamstringing us with the accords . We need to stop hive by any means necessary . I 'll deal with the government . You do whatever it takes to end this . All options on the table ? Desperate times , desperate measures . You might want to go out the back . He 's coming in . [ door closes ] General talbot , right on time . What in the knievel happened to you ? Little fender bender . No big deal . You sure you should be in the driver 's seat ? I thought we agreed on full disclosure . You want to see my x-rays ? I 'll put them in a nice frame for ya . I 'm talking about this gin joint Out in the middle of no man 's land . You promised me you 'd show me the base Without any three-hour fly-arounds this time . We need to talk first . I 'll talk . You listen . [ music continues ] I 'm here because the president sent me . The sokovia accords are law of the land now . He 's concerned you may have Some undocumented enhanced assets working for you . And why would they think that ? 'cause he 's not a moron . Come on , phil . It 's time for s.H.I.E.L.D. To come in from the cold , Relegitimize . In exchange for revealing And registering any inhumans we may have ? Not gonna happen . [ sighs ] why are you so pigheaded ? It 's good enough for the avengers . Not all of them . And the avengers operate in the spotlight . We work in the shadows . What 's going on in those shadows , phil ? That 's what I want to know . You better start opening some doors , Or I promise ya , I 'm gonna start kicking them down . All right . Let 's go for a ride . No blindfold ? No blindfold , But you might want to buckle up . [ seat belt clicks ] what ? [ keyboard clacking ] Daisy : You 're getting better , fitz , But I designed the ant-subversion code , So it 's only a matter of time until ... [ monitor beeps ] ... I 'm in . Huh . Interesting . They still have got you locked up . Was somebody being a bad boy ? Hive : You like the bad boys . Daisy : We have a history . I thought we had a future once , But I gave him his chance and he refused , So now I just feel sorry for him . [ monitor beeps ] Ah , damn it , fitz . Your friends are very persistent . They keep fighting us , Forcing us to move , wasting valuable time . If it happens again , there 'll be no absolution . It won 't . Fitz is on the losing end of this . We 'll get back into the system , And we 'll know every move they make . How 's our patient ? [ flashlight clicks ] I 'm fine except for the bright light shining in my eye . [ flashlight clicks ] I think that 's enough for one day . Don 't want to kill the golden goose . Just take it easy . You just drink this and get some rest . No , that . I think you 're the one who needs rest . Well , we 'll rest when we 're dead . Not you . I-I didn 't mean ... That 's just a phrase . No need for any deaths . We 're ready for the alpha test . â ™ ª You were confident the last time . True . But this time , We have all the right ingredients . We just need to find some volunteers . I 'm recruiting some - - special ones - - A little gift for daisy . [ door opens ] Time for your feeding . Your sense of humor needs work . How much longer are you gonna keep me locked up in here ? It 's been days . As long as it takes . Your immune system is still compromised . There 's nothing wrong with me . And losing daisy has made you irrational . Everything you 've done to try to help her has made things worse . Doesn 't give you the right to keep me locked up . You want to leave ? We can hand you over to general talbot right now . He 's right upstairs . He 's here ? Why ? To take inventory . You really want to help daisy , Then you need to straighten up and fly right . And eat something . [ door opens , closes ] [ monitor beeping ] He 's lucky we 're feeding him at all . Doesn 't even need to be there . He 's fine now . Coulson wants him locked up . We destroyed all our work on the hive cure , And now you have to spend all your time Daisy-proofing security . Yeah . Believe me , I know . It 's like whac-a-mole - - Knock her out of one hole , She just pops back up into another . Could really use mack 's help . How is he ? Well , stress fractures are healing . Broken ribs and fingers still need time . It 's his broken spirit that worries me . He hasn 't been the same since daisy ... Feels like everything 's going to hell And all we 're doing is slowing down the descent . Okay . [ console whirring ] That should keep her out for an hour . Or a minute . Any plans ? [ chuckles ] May : I need you to forget about daisy . She already knows everything about us , And she 's going to get in eventually . Time to stop playing defense and get back on offense . I need you to start thinking like hive . Get inside his twisted brain . What drives him ? What does he want ? He 's a parasite . All he wants to do is consume . But he also has humans in there somewhere , And you 've spent significant time with two of them . We need to know his end game , And we need to know it yesterday . Son of a gun . Right under my nose this whole time , Like a pack of sewer rats . I didn 't even know this ssr base existed . It was never on the books . I 'd like to keep it that way . I 'm trusting you with our biggest secret . Now I need you to trust me . Don 't report our inhumans . Some battles need to be fought with secret warriors . How many you got ? I know about daisy and electro-boy . Who else ? [ door opens ] you 're about to meet one . Welcome back , ms . Rodriguez . Director coulson . Mack couldn 't be here . He sends his regards . This is brigadier general talbot , Acting head of the atcu . Here 's here to - - I know why . I watch the news . We found ms . Rodriguez in colombia . She was being a real thorn in the side of the drug cartels , Using her powers to clean up her neighborhood , To fight the good fight . Put me on your list , Nobody would ever find out about it . [ speaks spanish ] - I think that means - - - I know what she 's saying . What are her powers ? Elena , the general would like to see what you can do . [ whoosh ] Any time . Coulson : Thank you . So ... She 's really fast . Fast , yeah . And she can fend for herself . Not all inhumans can . Most of them are regular people With lives and families Who just want to be left alone . If you force them to register - - It 's a protected list . It 's highly classified . You had an index - - Which is why I know nothing good ever comes From putting people on lists . Eventually they get misused or fall into the wrong hands , And then innocent people suffer . [ gun cocks ] [ indistinct shouting ] It 's not a bad bunch , but we need more . Recruitment 's getting harder . People think the sokovia accords will solve everything . The sokovia accords are a joke . We don 't need registration . We need extermination . I have a new informant in the atcu - - Gave me the name of someone on their list . We 're gonna make an example of this one . The world needs to know that inhumans are a disease , And we 're the only cure . [ sighs ] Daisy ... Are you listening ? I know if there 's a way to get in here , you 'll find it . So if you are listening , I need to talk to you . I want to see you . [ tv chatter ] â ™ ª Daisy : You can move now . I made a loop of you sleeping So if anyone checks the monitor , that 's all they 'll see . We can talk privately . It 's good to see you . Are you okay ? Fine . Just feeling a little drained . What about you ? Why are you locked up ? [ sighs ] Honestly , they don 't trust me . They think I 've lost my mind over you . Well , is it true ? You know you 're the only reason I was ever here . And they know it . Now that you 're gone - - I gave you a chance to come with me . We could be together right now , but you said no . I said no to being brainwashed . I don 't want to be with you that way . Do I sound brainwashed to you ? I don 't know . I just ... I just want to be with you . No hive , no s.H.I.E.L.D. , Just - - just the two of us Alone and away from everything , Just seeing the world . I-I don 't even know if that 's possible . [ monitor beeps ] Hold that thought . [ sighs ] We 'll have to talk later . You 've got company . When can we talk again ? I got to go - - fast . I miss you . Get back in bed , and I 'll cut the feed in three , two , one . [ door opens ] Well , well , well , If it isn 't the hothead that tried to kill my bodyguard . What 's he doing in here ? Thought this was a germ-free zone . I see you two remember each other . [ sighs ] You 're not happy to see me . No , I 'm not . Why are you being like this ? I came here to fight , to save daisy . Because it 's a fight we can 't win . What happened to you ? Daisy . She lost her soul to that thing . I don 't want what happened to her To happen to someone else I care about . The sway , whatever he does to them , That 's - - that 's not even the worst thing that 's gonna happen . - No ? - No . What is ? Armageddon . Whatever he 's doing is pure evil . I 'm talking end-times biblical evil , 2,000-years-of-darkness evil . You need a beer . And some faith . Hmm . You ever wonder if that 's the word we use to - - To fool ourselves , give us false hope ? That 's how evil wins . When good people begin to , uh ... Doubt And run the other way instead of stand up and fight , You see it everywhere . In colombia , we have a saying . El mal presa a los debiles porque teme a los fuertes . Evil preys on the weak because it fears the strong . [ chuckles , clicks tongue ] â ™ ª [ door opens ] Guy in the black hoodie - - that was him . We want him alive . Save all the fun till we 're back at the base . Talbot : This is exactly why we need the accords . It 's about protection . Whose protection ? Everyone 's . People need to be protected when one of you runs amok . Some of you need protection from yourselves . Is that why you have him caged up ? He 's under medical observation , general . I 've seen him in the field . He has control issues - - lethal control issues . Issues that s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s Uniquely qualified to help him with . How does this registration work ? You put us on a list . Then what ? Fingerprints . Dna samples . We run a power analysis To categorize your threat level - - Also used to determine health risks . Fine . I 'll register . Sign me up . I don 't think that 's a good idea . I don 't think keeping me locked up Is a good idea , either . Get me the hell out of here , And I 'll register And tell you anything you want to know . It 's in everyone 's best interest to keep him here right now . Not mine . If you 're in here against your will , What 's keeping you from just zapping the two of us right now ? Absolutely nothing . I could fry that mustache right off your face . But that 's just not who I am . Besides , I 'd never make it off the base - - Not without help . [ door opens ] All right , coulson . I 've seen the good and the bad . Now show me the ugly . [ sighs ] [ door opens ] What the hell is that ? You 're keeping monsters on your base now ? Breathe , general . It was dr . Garner before he changed permanently . Rasta-hulk is your husband ? I don 't care if that thing used to be gandhi . Why on god 's crusty pie is it here ? It needs to be frozen in a gel-matrix cube . - He may prove to be an asset . - An asset ? What you have is an out-of-control Freak show down here , coulson . What other surprises have you got for me ? This is it . You wanted open doors . You got them . [ sighs ] [ monitor beeps ] lincoln . Do you really want to leave ? Only if I can see you . Talbot : Where 's daisy johnson ? She 's on assignment . On assignment for who ? I 've got satellite imagery here of her and a dead man Strolling down lover 's lane In a town where an unidentified object crashed the night before . If you knew this the whole time , Why 'd you wait until now to show me ? Phil , I wanted to see if you 'd lie to my face . I had no choice . The stakes were too high . What are you up against ? What is at stake ? The world as we know it . [ tires squeal ] [ door closes ] End of the line , inhuman . There 's nowhere left to run . I suppose there 's always hell . Well , look at that . A real hot dog . But seriously , Who follows a stranger down a dark alley Dressed as pups ? I mean , on principle alone , I can 't let this end well for ya . Leaving so soon ? Who are you ? I 'm the one who invited you . [ gun clatters ] as you can tell , I 'm not with the atcu . What did you want from us ? I want you to become what you hate . [ chain cracks , man screams ] The devil ? You must be kidding me . Technically , it 's not the devil , But many of the myths about the devil Are derived from hive And the cults that worshipped him as hydra . You 're saying a demon possessed grant ward . It 's not " the exorcist . " There 's nothing demonic about hive . He 's an inhuman . An inhuman who 's made up of an indeterminable amount Of nano-parasites . Those nano-parasites Can consume human flesh upon contact , But when they make contact with inhumans , They attack the pleasure centers of the brain , Giving its victims a desire and willingness To connect with hive and to serve him . So he 's controlling daisy . Is that it ? That 's it . This is exactly why The sokovia accords were created . This is a nightmare scenario . She 's a nuclear weapon in the wrong hands . [ sighs ] How many of these inhumans is he controlling ? Not many . He tried to create his own , but we rained on that parade . We did . But , sir , he may actually have everything he needs now . All cards on the table , dr . Simmons . I want general talbot on the same page as the rest of us . All right , well , We 've been trying to put the pieces together To determine possible end-game scenarios . We know he wanted kree blood So he can duplicate the original kree experiment . That 's turning a human into an inhuman . The kree were destroyed . May and mack made sure of that . There 's no more kree blood . Yes , there is . You have it , and so does daisy . He can use her blood . So just take some of daisy 's blood And make more of these . You know how crazy this sounds , right ? But that would kill her . Do you really think he 'd sacrifice her Just to make a few more inhumans ? With her powers , her knowledge , she 's worth 100 . What if he could make that many ? With enough of daisy 's blood , The terrigen crystals they have , hive 's own particulate dna , And a scientist who knows how to stir the cocktail - - He could create an all-in-one virus That instantly transforms any humans Into swayed inhumans completely under his control . â ™ ª James : Move along , little puppies . These are volunteers ? Sometimes they need a little extra motivation . Boggs : Do whatever you want to us . It doesn 't change the fact that you 're all abominations ! [ grunts ] James : Shut your blowhole , preacher . You 're about to join the evolution . Hive : Their lives have been filled with such hatred . Now they 'll find peace with us . They don 't deserve it . Every human deserves a chance to be freed from his prison . Their emancipation will be my gift to you . [ keyboard clacks ] Are you still confident ? [ sighs ] 100 % fairly certain . [ can pops ] [ centrifuge whirring ] [ men screaming , thudding ] [ screaming , thudding stop ] [ centrifuge shuts off ] Now we wait . [ keyboard clacking ] Have you accessed s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s security system ? I 'm in . I found their weak spot . Good . Keep me updated . And please rest . We may need some more blood . [ monitor beeps ] It 's time . Are you ready ? Let 's do it . Okay . I 'm limited in what I can do , So this is gonna be a team effort . First , we have to get you out of there , But fitz closed the loopholes after I escaped , So I can 't open the door , But we can still macgyver you out . [ panel beeps ] I can handle this . No , no , no , no . Stop . I said macgyver , not " firestarter . " Zapping it will trigger the alarms . We have to open it while tricking it Into thinking it 's closed at the same time . Okay , let 's see what we have to work with . Okay , you 're gonna need , uh , that tape dispenser , A pencil , Your food tray , and a piece of that mirror . Do you have any idea how to stop him ? I mean , you make him sound invincible . Calm down , general . You 'll pull something . " calm down " ? This is an end-of-the-world type deal . Don 't you tell me to calm down . I 'm the one that tells you to calm down . How are you so calm , anyway ? I 'm getting used to this sort of thing . Okay , here 's what you need to do . You see that laser circuit in the back ? You need to interrupt it with the mirror . Don 't touch anything else . Okay , hold it there . [ circuit whirs ] Now plug in the spool from the tape dispenser . Perfect . Now remove the pencil and grab the food tray . I 'll be monitoring you through the surveillance camera . When the door opens , You 'll have three minutes to get to the exit point . Get ready . What 's the tray for ? Him . [ grunts ] Now grab his comms . We 're exploring some options . Options ? That 's what you 've got ? You told me this thing could take out an entire planet . I got an option for ya - - a preemptive strike . This isn 't a job for s.H.I.E.L.D. This is a job for the United States military . You want to make that call ? Go ahead . But you 'll probably lose them at " devil . " Do you think I 'm an idiot ? [ sighs ] Wouldn 't tell them the truth . Even if they could be convinced , By the time we dealt Whatever hive 's planning would already be done . [ door closes ] Am I clear ? [ mouse clicks ] Lincoln , hold . May 's coming . Where ? I don 't see her . She 's approaching the intersection . Hang tight . I 'll distract her . [ keyboard clacks ] [ electricity buzzes ] Now , lincoln . Go now . Okay , you 're in the clear . Proceed to the exit point . Fitz : We shouldn 't act without knowing the last piece of the puzzle . Hive and his hole-in-the-wall gang Recently stole something from an atcu facility in indiana . Till we find out where that is ... Acting without all the information Could make things worse . It could be what hive wants . He was the only thing to survive on that planet , And he survived for a reason . So what do you want me to do ? Trust us . [ tablet beeps ] Oh , daisy 's back in the system . She circumnavigated the anti-subversion code And gained access to lincoln . That boy sure sleeps a lot . Unless ... [ tablet beeping ] It 's a pre-recorded loop . Hey . You 're all right . You 're all right . Help is on its way . Trust you ? â ™ ª Oh , my god . What have I done ? I think you overcooked them , doc . How can I trust you When you can 't even keep track of your own inhumans ? That 's two of them you 've lost . I should 've left you in the bar . [ alarm blaring ] what 's happening ? Hothead is loose , And he 's getting help from swazy daisy . Coulson : He 's not going anywhere . The base is sealed , And fitz is freezing her out of the lock-down protocol . There 's still another way - - the way you two came in . Nobody knows about that Except you , me , and now general talbot . Are you sure ? Go check it out . Make sure it 's secure . Come with me . I 'm sorry , phil , but I got to loop in the president . Give us some time . We 'll find him . [ blaring continues ] [ sighs ] Another dead end . What 's going on ? Fitz , he 's - - he 's taken full control of the lock-down . I 'm trapped in here ? Relax . I 'll get you out . Yeah . Hopefully not in a body bag . I need the blue disc in port seven And gold disc in port four . Could you use an extra hand ? Mack . Uh , well , actually , I could use about seven , But one will do . I need you to put these in bay eight . Are we giving her the runaround , or is she giving it to us ? I think it 's a bit of both . All right , rebooting in three ... Two ... One . [ console whirs ] Okay . There 's no way he 's getting off this base Unless he learns to fly . Actually , daisy could fly him out . She 's nowhere near here . If she hacked into the quinjet systems And reprogrammed them for autopilot , She could fly him out from anywhere in the world . [ sighs ] Spent so much time trying to secure the base , I didn 't even think of the quinjet . [ tablet beeping ] She 's locked us out . Okay , I 'm on it . [ indistinct talking ] â ™ ª I 'm in . Are we all clear up there ? There 's a problem . I can 't access the camera on the upper deck . It may be having some issues . I made it this far . I 'm not stopping now . I won 't have eyes up there , lincoln . You 'll be on your own . Looks clear to me . [ grunts ] Can 't let you leave , sparks . Let me go . I got to get to daisy . You 're on a fool 's errand . The only reason she 's helping you Is so hive can make you one of them . Mack , you don 't understand . I need to go . I 'll keep your arms pinned down all day if I have to . Don 't make me do this ! [ electricity zaps ] Daisy : Lincoln ? Lincoln , are you there ? You still there ? What happened ? I lost you . You didn 't lose me . Just a little complication . We 're good to go . Okay , get to one of the quinjets , and I 'll do the rest . [ keyboard clacking ] I-I don 't - - it should 've worked . Remove your restraints . Those are some nicely trained puppies . Bring me dr . Radcliffe . Look , th-th-th-th-this is just science . I 'm gonna have to look at the data Before I can say for sure what really happened here . I know - - I know the results are pretty unpleasant , But at least they didn 't completely melt this time . That 's - - that 's a significant improvement . I 'll redouble my efforts for the beta test . That won 't be necessary . [ breathing heavily ] Don 't kill me . Please . It 'll work next time . You have my word . If not , kill me then . I mean , of course , I 'll beg again , but - - Get up . These will do just fine . [ primitives snarling ] Are you serious ? These primitives are an abomination of science And a very poor reflection of my talents . They are not abominations . I 've got to go with the doc on this one . I mean [ scoffs ] they 're some very ugly muffins . They 're part of me ... And the inhuman race . I want you to make more . Just one more test . There 's bound to be an improv- - More . Absolutely . How many ? [ buttons click ] [ engine revving ] This is qj-6 . Ready for takeoff . Daisy : Copy that , qj-6 . I 'll see you in a few hours . Just you and me ? No one else ? Just us - - far away from everyone . [ panting ] mack . Ohh . I 'm thinking maybe I 'm not the inhuman whisperer . Lincoln ? You run a tight ship , coulson . [ keyboard clacking ] He 's on his way . Good . I 'll be there to greet him when he arrives . I know you feel bad about lying to him , Though once he joins us , he 'll understand . Come . There 's something I want to show you . [ door clanks , creaks ] [ primitives grunting ] What happened to them ? They 're part of us . Our children , really , From our own flesh and blood , And we 're gonna make more of them . So we 'll need more blood . How much ? All of it . Daisy 's out of the system . That 's good news , Because I 'm gonna call the president And have that thing shot out of the sky . I 'm afraid I can 't let you make that call . Are you threatening me after you just let him escape ? May : He didn 't escape . Well , if he wasn 't on that jet that just flew out of here , Then who the hell was ? Desperate times , desperate measures . â ™ ª â ™ ª [ grunts ] [ grunts , coughs ] Lincoln : We knew daisy was listening and monitoring our every move , So we couldn 't tell anyone . She had to believe it was all real . I communicated with him By leaving messages on his food trays . Your forgot the message about not hurting his friend . Sorry , mack . I didn 't have any other option . Mack wasn 't supposed to be there . Excuse me for doing my job . The plan depended on daisy listening to everything So that she 'd trust me And believe that I really wanted out . You had me fooled . Even though I wanted to , I never trusted daisy - - Not under hive 's control . I knew that she wouldn 't be the one to greet me , No matter what she said . But what about the other risks ? Lash could kill daisy . Did you stop to think about that ? It 's a risk we had to take . But he had the opportunity once before , and he let her go . I don 't think he 's meant to kill her . Who put him on the quinjet ? I did while coulson was keeping you distracted . You knew about this ? I run a tight ship . Why do you think this lash can defeat hive ? And who in tarnation names these things ? Every inhuman is here for a reason and serves a purpose . [ lash grunts ] â ™ ª I believe lash 's purpose is to kill hive . [ roars ] [ breathing heavily ] [ thudding on door ] [ primitives grunting ] [ exhales sharply ] We 're being attacked . Some kind of a-a monster . You - - you shouldn 't . You 've lost a lot of blood . Daisy , please . I strongly advise against that . [ neck snaps ] [ bones crack ] - Where 's james ? - He 's on a beer run . I suggest we do the same . Or at least the - - the running part . Stay away from him . [ panting ] [ gasping ] Now you 're free . â ™ ª [ gasps ] [ chain clatters ] [ panting ] [ breathing heavily ] [ switches click ] [ engines revving ] Ragtag base , come in . This is agent daisy johnson . I 'm coming home . Repeat - - I 'm coming home . â ™ ª Welcome back , agent johnson . It 's good to see you . [ breathes shakily ] Lash died trying to save me . Did he manage to kill hive ? Get her to the med bay . What if lash wasn 't here to kill hive ? He was here to save daisy . That wasn 't lash . Prep for immediate blood transfusion And full cranial scan . How do we know this isn 't a trap ? That she isn 't under hive 's voodoo spell ? We 'll know soon enough . In the meantime ... Have a little faith . [ monitor beeping ] Daisy is completely sway free . Her brain is back to normal . But she is suffering withdrawal symptoms From the effects of the sway . It 'll take some time . She 's resting now , Recovering from that and the blood loss , But we do expect a full recovery . Nobody goes in there until I say ... But that 's good news . I know that look . That means there 's bad news , too . What is it ? Dr. Fitz ? Well , this is purely hypothetical , And there are a lot of unknown variables , but ... Based on what daisy told us about hive 's new pathogen ... We think we know what he plans to do with it . If he can create some short of shock wave , Then hive could potentially infect A significant percentage of the human race , Turning them all into the swayed Primitive inhumans that daisy described ... If and only if he finds a way to disperse it High enough in the atmosphere . Yeah . He has a way . That thing he stole from the atcu in indiana . It was a warhead - - A fully operational warhead . â ™ ª [ knock on door ] it 's open . Elena . Elena : Mm . [ inhales sharply ] Does this mean you see a future now ? [ chuckles ] Or I need a fast way out of here . [ chuckles ] Daisy 's back . That 's a good thing , right ? Mm-hmm . Do you still think we can 't win ? [ sighs ] I don 't know , But I 'm ready to stand and fight . Give me your hands . Hmm ? [ chuckles ] Close your eyes . Don 't open them until I leave . â ™ ª Keep the faith , alphonso mackenzie . [ door opens , closes ]
