 CLAIRE : Previously ... - Friend of yours ? - Aye , Hugh Munro . Ah ! CLAIRE : Leave her alone ! ( GRUNTING ) Mary , she was assaulted and raped . She 'll be a spinster till the end of her days . Judith , you 'll pay for your treachery . Murtagh . Here we all are , all supporters of the Jacobite cause . That makes you traitor to the crown . Perhaps you have some concern for this English lady 's honor . All right ! I will tell you whatever you wish . Strike , and strike hard . Now we shall not return unless we bring victory back with us . ( MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ) ( ALL GRUNTING ) ( EXPLOSION BOOMS ) Angus ! ( CHOKING AND GURGLING ) ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ Sing me a song ♪ ♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪ ♪ Say , could that lass ♪ ♪ Be I ? ♪ ♪ Merry of soul ♪ ♪ She sailed on a day ♪ ♪ Over the sea ♪ ♪ To Skye ♪ ♪ Billow and breeze ♪ ♪ Islands and seas ♪ ♪ Mountains of rain and sun ♪ ♪ All that was good ♪ ♪ All that was fair ♪ ♪ All that was me ♪ ♪ Is gone ♪ ♪ Sing me a song ♪ ♪ Of a lass that is gone ♪ ♪ Say , could that lass ♪ ♪ Be I ? ♪ ♪ Merry of soul ♪ ♪ She sailed on a day ♪ ♪ Over the sea ♪ ♪ To Skye ♪ _ ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) CLAIRE : The Jacobite army had moved steadily south during the months since Prestonpans . We had acquired much-needed artillery along the way , taken the English garrison at Carlisle , and successfully occupied Manchester . Despite this , the anticipated sympathetic uprising from the Scottish lowlands and northern England had so far not materialized . We were now encamped in northern England , awaiting further orders from Prince Charles . ♪ Ah . ♪ MURRAY : Your Royal Highness , I am aware how painful this must be for you , but the truth is often vexing . We must turn back . And I say we shall not . Now , London lies within our grasp , and all we have to do is reach out and take it . John ? This is no time for silence . Speak , man . I 'm sorry , Your Royal Highness . As you know , the Lord General and myself are seldom of like mind , but I fear , in this instance , we speak with one voice . I must say , this is a damned inconvenient time to be conciliatory . And I would say the same to you , My Lord General . Fraser , you have proved to possess a sound military mind , but I will not have my decision challenged by a junior officer . Do I make myself clear , sir ? And what of our prince 's decision ? Do we not all serve him and his noble cause ? Our orders were to march into England and take London . We are but five days from reaching that city , and now you order us to ... to turn back and ... and retreat to Scotland ? Five days , gentlemen . A mere five days is all what stands between us and the completion of God 's will . It 's not the five days that concerns me , but the three British armies that stand between us and London , and we don 't bloody know where any of them are . We 're not likely to meet all three at once , My Lord . But if we are shrewd and lucky , we might manage to slip past them all . Aye , and if we don 't , the British number 30,000 troops , while we have mustered a mere five . One good fight , we 'd be too weakened to carry on . That war brings risk should come at no surprise . But if we turn back now , all hope that currently resides in the hearts of our supporters will be filled with doubt and fear . - Is that the one ? - ( WHIMPERS ) Good . Ah , this won 't take long . I promise . ( GROANING ) Ah ! Ah , oh . Good job . ( MOANING ) Here . Dinna fash yourself , son . My guid freen Angus , he lost his front teeth when he was no ' but a wee lad . A cow kicked ' em straight down his throat . Says he didna shite for a week for fear o ' being bitten . ( CHUCKLES ) ( SPITS ) ( SOLEMN MUSIC ) CLAIRE : Right , who 's next ? ♪ I came here . I sailed from France to raise an army , this army . It was God 's will that I do so , and since then , His hand has ever been with us . This precious chance of victory , if we spurn His divine gift , there is no guarantee that it will be offered again . ♪ So is there no one among you still willing to stand by your prince , your rightful king , and your God ? ♪ ♪ ♪ One man . ♪ Is that all I can count on ? ( CLEARS THROAT ) One man . ♪ It is intolerable ! I 'd rather be run through by a British bayonet and have my body buried in an unmarked grave than turn back after we have come this far ! But I see now that I am betrayed by both friends and allies . You do what you must , but may God damn you to hell for it . I have nothing more to say . ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) CLAIRE : It 's all right , really . Not everyone has to get a tooth pulled . ♪ MAN : Come on , lad . Move . Move ! What did you say to him ? Nothing that isn 'a true . ( DOOR RATTLES OPEN ) Your Royal Highness . Sir . Sir . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) Sorry , Sassenach . I must give the prince some credit . Turns out he has a fighting man 's heart , even if his generals don 't . It 's not your fault . Even if you had talked them into taking London , might not have been able to hold it . No . But if we had marched on London , then things would be different to what you said happened in your history books . It would mean that just maybe history could be changed , but now ... My Laird . My Laird , is it true ? Are we turning back ? Aye . We 're going back across the border . Home for winter . Are they ... are the British after us , then ? Are they close ? I canna say , Ross , but I 'll see you 're safe . I promise all of ye . I 'll see ye home to Lallybroch . ( SOMBER MUSIC ) ♪ And you , Sassenach , I 'll see you safe no matter what happens . ♪ ( LAUGHTER ) Here you go . - That 's it , then . - All right , all right . ♪ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( THUNDER RUMBLING FAINTLY ) ( INHALES ) ♪ Hmm . Are you all right ? Aye . ( CHUCKLES SOFTLY ) Just wanted to watch you sleep in peace for a bit . Hmm . Must be as cold as ice . - Get into bed . - ( CHUCKLES ) Hmm . ( SIGHS ) What was it that you were saying ? Ach , nothing . There 's no ' much I can say waking without it sounding daft and foolish , Sassenach . I can say things while you sleep . Your dreams will ken the truth of them . ( RAIN PATTERING LIGHTLY ) Hmm . ( TENDER MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ ( DOOR RATTLES OPEN ) Read this . ( PAPER RUSTLING ) " My Lord Broch Tuarach , " you are hereby ordered to proceed at once " with your men to ... " ... Inverness ? " What 's this ? Exile is what it is . They want rid of us , of you . O 'Sullivan fears that you have too much influence over the prince , and Murray , oh , he did naught to defend you . They want you and me gone and gone now . Bollock-less bastards . " Proceed in advance of the army . Arrange winter quarters and obtain provisions . " Well , how ? With what money ? Oh , aye , I asked O 'Sullivan that myself . He just stuck his big , fat Irish nose in the air and said that His Highness 's loyal supporters would of course extend credit to his representative . Of course . I 'll speak to the prince myself . He 's gone . Murray spirited him away at dawn . The prince also took your horse . He said he knew you wouldn 't mind . ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ JAMIE : In that case , Sassenach , how long since you visited Inverness ? ♪ ♪ Hold still . - Ah . - Ah . You big bairn . Angus 'd rip that out with his front teeth . He didn 't have front teeth . He 'd have used his gums then . Oh . I wish I could give you a tetanus shot . I 'd take a shot at anything just now . Whiskey 's the best I 've got . - Ah ! - ( GUNSHOT ) ( GROANS ) ( GUNSHOTS ) Burghers ! - MAN : It was over there ! - MAN : To the south ! ( SHOUTING IN GAELIC ) Redcoats . Grab your arms ! Grab your arms ! Scatter to the woods ! Wait ! ( GUNSHOT ) - There 's no time . Go . - DOUGAL : Rupert ! Rupert , you 're with me ! Go ! Rupert , you 're with me ! Come on ! Meet at the crossroads . ( GUNFIRE ) - Go . - Go to the crossroads ! ( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ) Go ! ( SHOUTS IN GAELIC ) ♪ ( GUNSHOTS ) Show her down ! Come on , Sassenach . ♪ ( DRAMATIC MUSIC ) ♪ JAMIE : I think we 've lost them . ♪ ♪ ( HORSE WHINNIES ) ( GUNSHOT ) ♪ JAMIE : Rupert ! MAN : Hurry up , damn you ! Hold on . Wait . MAN : Faster ! Ride ! ( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ) ♪ Bloody ! ( HORSE NEIGHS ) I 'm with ye , lad . I 'm with you . ( DRAMATIC BAGPIPE MUSIC ) ♪ ( SPEAKING GAELIC ) Quick ! Quickly ! ♪ MAN : They went this way ! Come on ! ♪ ( WATER TRICKLING ) ♪ Are you sure it 's wise for us to stop ? If not , Claire assures me Rupert will die . I haven 't seen any redcoats for some time . ( TENSE MUSIC ) Wait for my signal . ♪ ( BOTH GRUNT ) ( SPEAKING GAELIC ) Sorry , Laird . I didna ken it was you . It 's fine . ( WHISTLES ) Where are your horses ? Hidden in the woods beyond . Wallace is standing guard . We waited at the crossroads , but ... Aye , it 's all right . Make sure ours are hidden as well . What happened to him ? I decided to take a closer look at a musket ball . CLAIRE : Here , Fergus . Take out the whiskey and the bowl . Clear the altar and get him on it . MAN : Okay . I have to take out the bullet . It 's a miracle it hasn 't shifted into your brain . It 's a miracle they didna shoot me in my good eye . Damn it , where 's my knife ? My lady . Well , where 'd you get that ? Milord gave it to me . CLAIRE : Well , give me the whiskey . ( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ) Hold still . ( RUPERT GRUNTING ) ♪ ( RUPERT GROANS ) ( GRUNTS ) ♪ ( RUPERT SCREAMING ) ( SOMBER MUSIC ) ♪ CLAIRE : All right . Up you get . Oh , well , I suppose one eye is better than nane . - Here , hold this . - ( GRUNTS ) I 'll get you a black eye patch . You 'll be like a proper pirate . Pirates have eye patches ? And peg legs and a parrot . What in the name of the wee man are you heaving about ? Mm , oh , never mind . ( GRUNTS ) Jamie . ( TENSE MUSIC ) JAMIE : Blow out the candle . ( SPEAKS GAELIC ) ( BLOWS ) What is it ? ♪ MURTAGH : What is that ? ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) ♪ You in the church ! We have your men and your horses ! I order you to surrender in the name of His Majesty ! - RUPERT : Redcoats ? - Aye . Oh , Christ . ♪ Lay down your arms and come out , or we shall fire the roof ! There 's not that many of them . We could stay and fight . No , they could fire the thatch in seconds . Anyone not picked off running out the door will get burnt to death when the roof caves in . He 's right . We 'll never make it . No . CAPTAIN : You have two minutes to decide , gentlemen ! I 'm the one with a price on my head . Maybe I can bargain with them , give myself up in exchange for your freedom . Och , stop being such a hero . If they take ye this time , it 's a choice between the hangman and the headsman . Better to stand and fight . JAMIE : Everyone here is under my protection . If I can save you all with my surrender ... - I 'll do it . - Wait . Perhaps there 's another way . Och . JAMIE : No . There isn 't , Claire , and we don 't have time to ... Help ! Save me ! Bloody hell , they 've got an Englishwoman in there . Save me ! I 'm ... I 'm a British subject ! Stop ! Have you gone mad ? Look , say I 'm your hostage . They won 't fire the place with me inside . Exchange me . Use me to bargain with them . It worked the last time . With a lad . These are soldiers . No . Never . CAPTAIN : You in the church , if you have an Englishwoman in there , send her out now ! Give up our hostage ? - Not likely . We 'll rather ... - ( GRUNTS ) Claire 's right . The soldiers will not hurt her . They 'll escort her to a place of safety , then let her go . I will not give you up ! CAPTAIN : Bring out the woman , or we shall set fire to the thatch and burn you out ! Yes , you will , you stubborn Scot . I will not . Am I not Lady Broch Tuarach ? Are these men not my responsibility too ? ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ ( GUNS CLICKING ) ( TENSE PERCUSSIVE MUSIC ) ♪ You 'll release the Englishwoman , surrender your horses and weapons . And you leave with the lady . I need your word of honor . Agreed . Your hostage , what is her name ? Mistress Beauchamp is her name , a widow we encountered along the way . We took her under our protection . Your protection ? I know the reputation of Highlanders , sir . I must tell you , if she has been harmed , all agreements are void . ( GUNS CLICKING ) ♪ ( DOOR CREAKS AND RATTLES ) You 're a bad liar , Sassenach . Go out there wi ' that look on your face , they 'll ken something 's amiss . ( DOOR RATTLES ) Well , how am I supposed to look ? I dinna ken . Less ... guilty . Oh , perhaps you should faint , me lady . Mm , den they ... they can 't ask you question right away . Off you go , son . They 'll most likely take you to the garrison in Hazelmere . It 's the nearest British outpost in the area . They won 't want a woman weighing ' em down any more than is absolutely necessary , so come on . We 'll make our way there , fetch you back . All right . We need to leave . ( SOMBER MUSIC ) ♪ Wait . Now , you said it yerself . You 're a known man . If they recognize Red Jamie , they won 't honor the bargain they 've struck , so ... He 's right . We will find each other . Trust in that . Come on . ♪ Behold the Jacobite army . That 'll be enough , Lieutenant . Is she all right ? She 's fainted from terror . I charge you personally with the lady 's protection , sir . ♪ I urge you all , return to your homes ! Resume your lives as peaceful , loyal subjects of the crown ! Oh , aye . I 'll be glad to , as soon as the true king is wearing that crown . ♪ Oh . Where am I ? You 're safe , ma 'am . You 're under our protection now . That 's a relief . Have you been harmed in any way ? ( METAL CLINKING ) No . No , I 'm quite all right . The lady says she 's unharmed . Yes , thank you , Lieutenant . Mount up ! ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) Thank you . ♪ Jamie . I 'll look for a horse along the way . You and Murtagh gather the rest of the men . Head north . Ye dinna need two to play shepherd . He 's right . I 'm coming with you . No . No , you 'll both help me best by seeing the men safe . I 'll meet ye in Keswick , once I 've got Claire back . You can order them . Ye cannot order me . We 'll go and find her together . You 'll need help getting her out of the garrison . If it canna be me , Murtagh will do well enough . Godspeed , lad . Bring our lass back safe . RUPERT : Jamie . When you find her , give her a wink for me , aye ? ( STIRRING FIDDLE MUSIC ) ♪ CLAIRE : It didn 't take long to lose my sense of direction as we rode through the night . I knew I ought to be leaving some sort of sign for him to follow , but unfortunately , I was short of bread crumbs . We 'll stop for the night in Crich , Mrs. Beauchamp . The horses have gone as far as they can . ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ ( LAUGHTER AND INDISTINCT CHATTER ) MAN : Right outside . ♪ MAN : Mugs of beer all around , and your lady too . Hey , we 'll need food as well . - Here you go , ma 'am . - Thank you . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) MAN : Good , aye ? MAN : ( SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ) Dispatch has just arrived for you , sir . Lieutenant . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ♪ You look like you could do with warming up . ( CHUCKLES ) ♪ Ma 'am . It 's time to go , madam . ♪ Where 's the captain ? He received orders to proceed to Keswick , and he left during the night . Don 't worry . Captain has said I was to escort you to Bellmont before we rejoin him . Bellmont ? Bellmont ? But I thought we were going to the garrison at Hazelmere . Fortunes of war . Bellmont 's closer and along the road to Keswick . I wouldn 't worry . It 's a big house owned by a rich Englishman . He 'll give you refuge , I 'm sure . ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ( GRUNTS ) ♪ Ah ! - Get away there . - ( GRUNTS ) ( GROANS ) Lieutenant Barnes , really . I 'm shocked that a king 's officer would behave in such an unchristian manner . Ma 'am , I thought he meant to do you harm . Are you all right , sir ? I apologize for the lieutenant 's beastly behavior . Here , let me help you up . Jamie 's looking for me at Hazelmere . I still don 't understand why we 're going to Bellmont instead of Hazelmere . BARNES : Captain 's orders , ma 'am , as I said . Very well , then . Bellmont it is . ( STIRRING MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ MAN : Attention ! ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ Who did you say lives here ? ( DOOR RATTLES AND CREAKS ) Do I have the honor of addressing the Duke of Sandringham ? ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) ♪ You do , indeed . But the honor is all mine , Lieutenant . I do so treasure any opportunity to aid one of the king 's officers , especially in these difficult times . How may I be of assistance to you ? This is for you , Your Grace , from my commander . He requests your courtesy in giving temporary shelter to Mrs. Beauchamp , an English gentlewoman we rescued last night . Oh ! My dear Mrs. Beauchamp , I should be delighted to offer you the hospitality of my humble home . I thank you , Your Grace . My commander will be most obliged . Good day , ma 'am . ♪ ( DOOR RATTLES AND THUDS ) I need a drink and something to eat , and so do you , from your appearance . Rescued , did he say ? Rescued from what ? Rabid bears ? Highlanders . Much the same thing . Hmm . You mentioned a drink ? ♪ ( HORSE NICKERS ) I 'll take the gray one . You take the other . So , now we 're traitors , murderers , and horse thieves . Tell me , does it ever occur to you that taking Claire to wife might not ha ' been the wisest thing you ever did ? - No . - Hmm . It doesn 't . And then they suddenly changed their minds and brought me here . You have only the one servant , Your Grace ? Well , I do still have my valet . But , I 'm afraid , things are a bit tight at the moment . The cook is only here three days a week . You 've brightened my outlook considerably by being here . ( CHUCKLES ) Why did you pretend not to recognize me ? It 's not that I 'm not grateful , but I was afraid you 'd just blurt out my real name . Oh , the last thing I would do , my dear , is to blurt . But how could I possibly commit such a lovely woman to the tower ? So damp . Quite took all the curls out of my wig the last time I was there . But I suppose you don 't have to suffer these inconveniences , do you ? When were you a guest at the Tower of London ? And for what ? Only a misunderstanding , I can assure you . Don 't suppose this misunderstanding had something to do with your loyalties . Quite . Which is why the army has virtually made a ring around my estate . What , more soldiers than there are out front ? Oh , my , yes . They think they 're being inconspicuous , but really , with those coats ? They claim that they 're resting and resupplying before they move on . In fact , I 'm being watched . Every entrance of this house is being watched . I 'm still suspected of being a Jacobite . I assume that your dashing husband must be intent on rescuing you even as we speak . It would be safe to assume so , yes . Excellent . Well , as I want to be rescued too , I 'm coming with you . And that couldn 't happen if I had told the soldiers your name . I 'm sorry . You 're what ? You must know . You 've always known that in my heart I 'm a Jacobite . I 'm reasonably sure you don 't have a heart . Now , why would Jamie rescue you ? Because I doubt that the dear lad knows where you actually are . How could he ? The only way that he could know your location is through my good offices . Really ? Are you so sure about that ? Perhaps he 's riding through the front gates in this very moment . Oh , I certainly hope he isn 't , because if so , he 'll find himself in a trap . So what do you propose ? I know a man who can get notes past the soldiers . In return , though , I must have your word that Jamie will extract me from my present situation and deposit me in some safe haven . I 'm confident that Jamie will honor his wife 's promise . Fine . But I 'll need some paper and a quill . Follow me . Gaelic ? Do you speak that barbarous tongue ? We both know that messages are frequently intercepted . But if you don 't trust me , I 'm certainly happy to write it in English and just hope that your messenger boy doesn 't get caught . You wound me , madam . Your messenger is not to go anywhere near Jamie . He is to deliver this to a beggar named Munro , who can be found on the road somewhere between Crich and the garrison at Hazelmere . If you get this message to him , he will find Jamie . ( DOOR RATTLES ) Claire ! Mary . I knew I was forgetting something . Such a happy reunion . My lovely goddaughter has some exciting news of her own . She 's to be married . You 're his goddaughter ? Well , she 's certainly not a blood relative . I 'm sure you two have a great deal to say to each other . I have some correspondence to dispatch if you 'll excuse me . ( SOLEMN MUSIC ) ( DOOR RATTLES ) Come with me . ♪ CLAIRE : Mary , what are we doing down here ? This is the only place I can speak without feeling like I 'm being listened to or watched . ♪ Oh , Claire , you have to help me . I can 't marry Mr. Granger . I just can 't . Who 's Mr. Granger ? The man my godfather 's promised me to . A wealthy merchant who wishes to attach himself to the family of a duke , even if it does mean marrying soiled goods . A loyalist , I 'll wager . Yes , I suppose so . Of course . Trying to play the British side by having his goddaughter marry a supporter of the king . I don 't care why . I just can 't do it . Calm down . I will speak to your godfather . But he just made a decision that means you might not have to marry a loyalist . Oh , would you ? Thank you , Claire . Thank you so very much . ♪ Munro ? Are you Munro ? Good evening to you , sir . Good evening . I 'm looking for a beggar called Munro . I understand he may be on this road . I 'm not likely to be asking the names of beggars . But have you seen any beggars on this road ? I passed an odd little fellow in a slouch hat and a raggedy coat about half a mile back . Could have been a beggar . Much obliged . ( DRAMATIC MUSIC ) ♪ Hey ! You there ! Are you Munro ? Wait ! Wait ! Munro ! I 'm looking for ... ( GRUNTS ) ( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ) ( GRUNTING ) I 've been sent by the Duke of Sandringham to give you a letter . Ah . Oh . ( UPBEAT MUSIC ) It was written by a lady , Claire Beauchamp , for a James Fraser . ( GASPS ) ♪ Customarily , I 'd be given a tip on delivery . ♪ Mrs. Beauchamp . Tired of Mary so soon ? Not that I blame you . Actually , I wanted to speak with you about your plans for her marriage . No discussion is necessary . The die is cast . The bargain is struck . You 'll be pleased to hear that I 've been speaking outside to the commander , who 's agreed to withdraw the soldiers . But I thought they were here keeping an eye on you . Well , they may not be very far away or for very long , but they will go . I mean , I am still a duke . ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) ( WHIMPERING ) ♪ Are you all right , madam ? You seem perturbed in some way . How long has this man been in your employ ? Well , I hired him in Paris . You 're not thinking of stealing him away for your husband . Danton is very loyal to me . When did you hire him in Paris ? What an odd q ... ( DOOR CREAKING ) ♪ She recognizes you ! Your Grace , I promise you I took all precautions . ( SCOFFS ) You ! You put them up to it ? Your own goddaughter ? Yes , well , that was unfortunate . There was never any intent that you should be killed , Mrs. Fraser . That was the comte 's original desire , to be sure . Comte ? The Comte St. Germain ? Yes . Ah ... I understand that you killed him yourself . I 'd dearly love to have the details of that encounter . ♪ I owed him a rather large sum of money , you see , and I had no immediate means of payment , but I was horrified by the notion of disposing of such a delightful woman . Such a waste . So I managed to persuade Monsieur le Comte that simply having you raped was sufficient revenge for the loss of his goods . You should really be very grateful to me . You could so easily be dead by now . And you still could be , madam , easily . No , you 're going to regret sending your guards away once Jamie gets here . I didn 't send them very far away . When I told the captain that I was expecting Red Jamie , he made himself a bit less conspicuous to help lure your husband into my trap . Proving myself loyal to the crown by turning over Red Jamie and his traitorous English wife offers a much more permanent way of correcting misperception of my motives than going on the run . ♪ You could be hanged side by side . So romantic . ♪ Take Mrs. Fraser to her room . ♪ And lock her in . ♪ ( DOOR RATTLES CLOSED ) ( HORSE HOOVES THUDDING ) ♪ ( GRUNTING ) - JAMIE : Hugh . - ( GRUNTS ) ( SPEAKS GAELIC ) ( GRUNTS ) Ho-ho . Oh . What the devil are you doing here ? ( GRUNTING ) Eh-ah-way . ( GRUNTING ) - Aye . - ( GRUNTS ) - What 's that now ? - I dunno . Says it 's a letter from Claire . ( GRUNTING ) - He got it from a messenger . - Ah . Is that supposed to be Gaelic ? At least , it 's trying to be . - What 's that word ? - " Sighdran . " That 's not a word . She means soldiers . ( SPEAKS GAELIC ) I think she means soldiers around the house . The word order 's all back to front . You can give her lessons later . " S. " She 's with Sandringham ? Ah . ( SPEAKS GAELIC ) That man 's the original bad penny . Mm . You know where Bellmont House is ? Ha . Ah , ah-ooh-ooh . We go , huh ? - Aye . - ( GRUNTS ) She 's even misspelled " help . " ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ CLAIRE : Hugh ? ( PANTING ) ( LOCK CLICKS ) - Mary ! - What are you doing ? Why are you locked in ? I don 't have time to explain everything now . I have to get out of here and get word to Jamie . Take me with you . All right , but you have to help me . I think Jamie is on his way , but there are soldiers hiding in the grounds . I 'll go out through the kitchen , you go out the front way . There 's a beggar in the garden . A beggar ? Yes , but he 's a friend . His name is Hugh Munro . If you find him first , then you have to tell him to warn Jamie . It 's a trap . He can 't come anywhere near the house . Me , go out in the night to meet a filthy beggar ? Oh , Claire , I couldn 't . I couldn 't possibly . For God sakes ! Fine . Then stay here , but be quiet . ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ ♪ ( DOOR CREAKING SOFTLY ) ( DOOR CLICKS ) Good evening , my dear . Do forgive the informality . I wasn 't expecting a guest . Nothing worse than going to bed on an empty stomach , don 't you agree ? Do join me . ( FOREBODING MUSIC ) ♪ Did you truly strike down the comte in front of the king himself , or was it at the king 's order ? It was an accident . I doubt that . The Comte is a most distasteful man . No sense of humor whatever . ♪ Perhaps I shall have something to eat . It 's going to be a very long night . The time will move swiftly with such a charming companion . ( GRUNTS ) One rumor was that you cast a spell on the Comte and that his heart just stopped . ( DOOR RATTLES OPEN ) What the devil are you doing here ? Uh ... uh ... I just wanted something to eat . ( HAND THUDS , RATTLING ) ( HUFFS ) Just go to bed . Now . ♪ Lady Broch Tuarach and I are having a most amusing conversation . ♪ ( STIRRING MUSIC ) ♪ ( GASPS ) - ( GASPS ) - ( GRUNTS ) ♪ Claire 's downstairs in the kitchen . Tell Jamie it 's a trap . Where are you going , little mouse ? Ah ! ( GRUNTING ) ( SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ) Ah , let go of me , you brute , or I 'll tell my godfather how you grabbed me . ( TENSE MUSIC ) ♪ ( STIRRING MUSIC ) Stand and watch , Hugh . ♪ ( MUFFLED GRUNTING ) ( SOLDIER GRUNTS ) ♪ My personal favorite has you turning a broomstick into a poisonous serpent and commanding it to attack the comte , sort of like a latter-day Pharaoh and Moses ... Lady Moses , I mean . Your Grace , I found Mademoiselle out on the front steps . I can 't marry Mr. Granger . I ... I tried to run away , but it was so dark , and I was so scared , and I was afraid of the soldiers . - And I just couldn 't ... - For God sake ! Just go to bed ! Now , where was I ? Um , oh , yes , the snake story . - Well , now ... good Lord . - ( GRUNTS ) - ( GASPING ) - Claire ! ( DRAMATIC MUSIC ) Throw your weapon away and back off ! ♪ ( CLAIRE GASPS ) ♪ ( GRUNTS ) ( BOTH GRUNTING ) This is the man who attacked us in Paris ! ♪ JAMIE : Claire . DANTON : ( GRUNTS ) SANDRINGHAM : Now , now , now , now , now come on . Le-let 's all just calm down and discuss this thing rationally like level-headed people . It wasn 't my fault . He made me do it . It 's true . He arranged the attack to pay off one of his debts to St. Germain . ( GROANS ) Y-y-y ... I-I-it could have been so much worse , believe me . You can 't imagine what the comte had in mind . I just told Danton to terrify the women . You know me , Jamie . I 'd never countenance such a vulgar thing as a rape . That 's a lie . Rape was your idea . Aye , aye , I do know you , Your Grace . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) You 'll say whatever to whoever to save your own skin . SANDRINGHAM : Well , that stops today . Now , I ... I swear it . I promise . ♪ Aye , as you say . ( WHIMPERS ) ♪ - ( GRUNTS ) - ( GASPS ) ( GROANS ) ( GROANING ) Mary ! ( WHIMPERING ) ♪ ( GASPS ) ♪ ( GASPING ) ♪ ( AXE CLATTERS ) ( SQUISHING ) I kept my word . I lay your vengeance at your feet . I think we 'd better go . ( SOLEMN MUSIC ) ♪
