 ( announcer ) Previously on " Hunters " ... I 've got a DOD bird that 'll fly you to Alabama . From there you take a car to Brecke 's home . See if his recollection of the attack on your unit is any better than yours . ( Flynn ) Something happened to me . To us . ( screaming ) - I need to get past it . - ( roars ) - Boys , stay inside ! - ( clicking ) Confirming Brecke 's Hunter , running a hidden comms center . No sign of Flynn . You son of a bitch ! You took Regan 's father into custody at Finnerman 's behest . ( grunts ) ( Briggs ) Finnerman 's taking point on interagency cooperation . I guess you 're out of the loop . - I need to see you . - You okay ? ( Emme ) I have papers and photos from those boxes in our house . I know Abby isn 't who we thought she was . So you are to find out what she knows and respond accordingly . ( Regan ) You want me to contain her ? Can I please just call my dad ? - Flynn is not your dad . - He 's all I 've got . Protect ... protect the innocent ones . Help us , someone please help us ! ( cell phone vibrating ) Carroll . It 's Regan . Jackson needs us at HQ right away . Look , it 's 4 : 00 in the morning . I just got home . We caught a break off the Hunter you took out , Bob Brecke . Apparently , it 's time sensitive . Okay , I 'm on my way . ( fingers snapping ) Morning , sunshine . Miss your beauty sleep ? Well , some of us were up all night cleaning Guano shit in Alabama while you were getting your pedicure . This is Bob Brecke 's setup from home . Brecke was using Spotify just like McCarthy , embedding clicks into a music track . He shared the song publicly on the Cymatics ' Society playlist . We 've been monitoring the site , but this just went out . ( new wave music plays ) Hunters do love their new wave . No , it isn 't random . The frequency makes it easy to embed their clicks into electronic tracks , but when you strip it all back ... ( creature clicking ) Stop there . Rewind it . Any idea what they 're saying ? ( creature clicking ) It 's the shape of Musa 's name over and over again . That 's all I can make out . - Oh , that 's bloody useful . - Uh , actually it is . Turing didn 't have much more when he cracked the enigma code . We 'd be further along if Jules Calloway hadn 't been a traitor . And if Regan 's father wasn 't blowing smoke up everyone 's asses , pretending to help us . ( Jackson ) All right , Briggs , enough . Steph 's team is making good progress , but we have to move quickly . When the Hunters find out we 've compromised their communications , they 'll go dark . And shut the whole system down . And we 'll be left holding each other 's ... hands . Rough night ? Slumber party . You ? I went to see Emme . I 've been trying to reach her . What 's up ? Emme knows about Abby . She found some paperwork in your garage , from McCarthy storage unit . Why the hell did you keep them ? I wasn 't about to turn that shit in , not with a mole around . How much did she see ? Enough to know Abby isn 't human . Great . She must be totally freaked out . Who else knows ? ETU intercepted a call from her to you . Finnerman sent me to find out just how much she knew . Finnerman ? Finnerman tried to bribe me into containing Emme . Said she 'd give me my father 's body if I gave her Emme 's . - She wanted you to kill my kid ? - It 's okay . She 's safe . I made sure of that . So you lied to Finnerman and Jackson . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Thank you . She 's innocent . You 're her dad . You two need each other . ( Ted ) Protect the innocent ones . ( Finnerman ) Those were Ted 's last words . There 's also this . ( recording of clicking ) Ted saying the exact same thing to Regan seconds earlier . ( Ted ) Protect the innocent ones . But this time , just to make sure the message gets through , he hammers it home in Hunter clicks . ( recording of clicking ) That 's a direct translation . As in , direct direct . He gave us the alphabet , in plain English . These two messages combined with Brecke 's transmissions are the cipher to Hunter communications . You 've broken their language ? Smashed their enigma wide open . My team are already writing code to translate hunter clicks into English . By tomorrow , you can expect a dictionary . So Ted helped us after all . That 's a substantial breakthrough , Steph , well done . Can this translation work the other way around ? English to Hunter clicks , absolutely . You want to send out a message ? Not a message . An order . ♪ I 'm calling for you ♪ ♪ You are why I 'm still breathing ♪ ( knocking at door ) I need to go see Emme . Agent Regan reported Emme 's phone call was a false alarm . She doesn 't suspect a thing . You don 't look so good . You been to see medical yet ? Haven 't seen Emme in a week . I just need a little face time with her . You have kids , you get it . Sure . You go on , I 'll keep you posted . Sir . Cracking the code really is a game-changer . I 'm thrilled for you . I know it 's come at a great cost , but your father wanted to protect all the innocent , that means humans , too . His translation will help us do that . It 's not the translating that killed him . She did . Don 't quit the ETU because of Finnerman . I wouldn 't give her the satisfaction . This message succeeds , it will be because of your father . And you . ( new wave music plays ) - Musa ? - ( clicking ) It has been so long since I have worn my own skin . But we are close . Soon , we will all be as one again . Our battles will be over . We just received an urgent message from Bob Brecke , - except it 's not from Bob . - Who 's it from ? It 's in our language and it says it 's from you . " This is Musa , the Purge is upon us , we gather today . " And then there 's an address . Where ? A hotel in rural Ohio . They 're setting a trap . Everyone 's been waiting years for a message like this . Now they 're walking into a trap . We have to warn them . We can 't . The ETUs shut down our system after they sent out the bogus message . Then we set up another one . We 're less than a week out from the Purge . There 's no time . What do you propose , then ? We do nothing . We could contact the ETU . ( recording of clicking ) Flynn , negotiate . We don 't negotiate with animals . That 's probably what they say about us . You would know . - Our people are gonna die . - They won 't be the first . Enough . We use the number station as a contingency , stop who we can . Number station ? Radio broadcasts . It 's what we used before the Internet . We haven 't used the number station in over a decade . Nobody will be listening . Some will . As soon as they realize the network is down . It won 't save them all . And the Hunters who show up at the hotel ? They 're already dead . ( bell ringing ) Hey . Are you okay ? No . You lied to me about Abby . I did it to protect you . I was trying to keep you safe . So everything Regan told me is really true . ( sighs ) What kind is she ? What do you mean ? Is she a gray one or something reptilian ? What planet is she from ? I don 't know . There 's lots I don 't know and that 's the truth . Emme , you have to listen to me . The people I work for are very , very serious about keeping this a secret . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? Yeah . Your friend pulled a gun on me . That was pretty serious . Emme , just ... don 't tell anyone about Abby . Promise ? Not a soul . I won 't . But will you promise not to lie to me again ? I promise I won 't lie to you again . ( cell phone vibrating ) Sorry . _ You work for some pretty scary people . The bad guys are worse . Is Abby bad ? I don 't know . ( Jackson ) We have a clear visual of the hotel from our temp command center via CCTV . We will clear out all hotel guests and staff and move in our own people . Sever phone lines , shut down WiFi . Secure exits here , here , and here . When the Hunters have all arrived , the perimeter fence goes up . Nobody gets out . Like Noriega and the Panamanian church . Except we won 't be blasting heavy metal music . We 'll give the Hunters an eight-hour window to arrive and then move in and detain . How many can we expect ? We know that hundreds listen to the track with our message . We have no way of predicting how many will show up , if any . For all we know , Musa has a backup system and he 's told his followers that our message is fake . If any do show up , we can always use them as bait . Or collateral . Even better . Their lives in exchange for stopping the Purge . We have a psy-ops battalion on standby at White Hall . The mission is to detain . Any more questions ? Just one . Where 's our fearless Hunter killer when we need him ? Flynn is on his way . I should be inside . I need you guarding the perimeter . I can tell who 's Hunter right away , and I can find out what they know about Musa and the Purge . All right , get changed . Hunters have proved a formidable enemy . Is detention really an option ? We have the element of surprise . We 've chosen our location , we can surround it and control . This is the best opportunity we 've had yet to capture Hunters in large numbers . Capture ? The value of the information we stand to gain is immeasurable . We don 't have the facilities to house large numbers of these types of detainees . As you know . Security will need to be tightened before we try that again . Detaining them will require substantial infrastructure , yes . We may need to beg a favor or two . I never beg Truss . You know that . I 'll start making arrangements . No one showed . Maybe we should pack it up . We wait . Keep the line clear . Car . And clicks . Trap 's working . Or they 're using our own trap against us . We could be sitting ducks . Or should I say rabbits . Coming to you , Regan . - Hi . - Hi . We 'd like a room , please . Sure , let me see what we have . ( woman ) Non-smoking . ( Regan ) We 've got our first arrivals . You can 't say anything about Abby over phone calls , e-mail , text . Everything can be traced . Snapchat disappears . Not from us . Emme , if you need to talk . You 're scared , anything , just text or call me . Flynn . Just don 't mention the " A " word . Flynn . What are you doing here ? I thought you were dead . It 's okay . Don 't be scared . Get back into the school . I know what you are . - You told her ? - I figured it out ! Inside , now ! Emme , I 'm still the same person . You 're not a person . I 'm the same Abby who loves you . What are you doing , Flynn ? You don 't know if she 's bad or not ! That 's what you said . Listen to Flynn , Emme . Emme , we 're just gonna talk . That 's right . Please , go inside . This is not proper conflict resolution ! You are no longer part of this family . You leave Emme alone . I 'm sorry , I know I shouldn 't be here , but it 's urgent . No freaky backup this time ? Just me , I swear . We need to talk . About our feelings ? Sorry . That ship sailed . Not about us , about what 's happening right now . With the ETU and the message from Bob Brecke . Down there . Move . Move ! ( Jackson ) Steph has the numbers at 15 . Please confirm . I count 17 so far . ( Briggs ) Two more . Like fish in a barrel . You sure they 're all Hunters ? I 'm sure . ( chattering ) Weird . It 's like they 're a bunch of Docker dads and soccer moms . Don 't let your guard down . Someone there must know about the Purge . ( faint clicking ) Hang on . ( clicking continues ) I might have something . What have you got ? ( creature clicking ) Hi . I overheard your conversation about Musa . I 'm sorry , I don 't know why we 're here . Do you ? That 's what I keep asking . ( woman ) We don 't know , either . We just heard the message to come here . Me too . I 'm Allison . I 'm Bai . And this is my husband , Jeff . That 's Lily . I like your boots . Thanks . I like your shoes , too . You a teacher ? History and sociology , Des Moines junior high . I 'm a pediatrician . And I 'm in fourth grade . Really ? I go to Seattle University . Guess we 're both students . You 're kind of old to be a student . Lily . So Musa called us here for the Purge ? Yes . Do you know what that is ? What do you mean Abby 's gone ? Where ? She left just after we got the message . I bet she 's gone to warn the Hunters at the hotel . Risking her life to save others . She 's a brave soldier . She 's an idiot . We 'll lose her along with the rest of them , or worse . They 'll capture Abby and torture her for our location . How many of your people have died for you , hmm ? This isn 't a sacrifice she 's making . It 's a mistake . Since we came here , I have had to ask countless Hunters to give their lives . I remember all their faces and all their names . They also died for you , Liana . For all of us . I 'm not prepared to lose any more . I 'll bring them back . The hotel will be surrounded . No way in or out . Don 't be foolish . ( chokes ) There is always a way . ( gasps ) ( Abby ) You need to call off the roundup . You first . Call Musa , tell him to stop the Purge . Flynn , listen to me . The Purge isn 't what you think . You 're launching a nuclear attack on us . We 're calling off nothing . No , that 's what I came here to tell you . We 're not planning an attack . We 're trying to leave Earth . Leave ? We 're not purging the Earth of humans . We 're purging the Earth of us . We 're going home , Flynn . Everything we 've done has all been for this . To go back where we came from , where we belong . So everything . The bombings . The drugs . - The killings . - Were a means to an end . And not the one you think . If we wanted to attack humans , we would have already , but we don 't . It 's not what we want and it never has been . Please tell me you believe me . I believe you . Thank you . If you lie to me again , you 're dead . You believe her ? Definitely not . But then I 'm biased . ( Flynn ) This is Abby . Thank you for coming to see us . I 'm Commander Truss Jackson . If you 're going home , as you say you are , why do you need lithium or WMDs ? They 're not weapons . They 're to be used in the launch . Really ? Why did Musa send you ? He doesn 't know I 'm here . I came because you need to know the truth . The Hunters who are inside , they 're innocents . Not according to what we know about Hunters so far . You are drug dealers , murderers , and terrorists . You 're wrong . They 're not sleeper agents and they 're not criminals . Uh-uh . Every Hunter in there had to take a human life to look human , just like you did . We all had to , but it was the only way we could survive . It 's still murder . Much as I 'd like to believe you , I have only your word to go on . - Do you have any hard evidence ? - No . But why would I risk coming here if it isn 't the truth ? To create a diversion and aide your colleague 's escape . ( radio chirps ) Go for Jackson . Jackson , we need to talk in person . Not now . No , this can 't wait . I might have intel about the Purge . Meet me in the service tunnel . I 'm on my way . Secure her . Armed guard at all times . Ma 'am . What do you have for me ? This way . - Flynn . - Don 't . You don 't get to speak . Everything you ever said is a lie . I was just trying to look after my own . It 's all I 've ever done . You keep telling yourself that . You were a soldier . You killed for your country . How is what I 've done so different ? War is war . Family is family . We had a family . You broke Emme 's heart . I never meant to hurt her . Yeah , well , it didn 't work out like that , did it ? Flynn . When you see Emme , tell her I love her and that I 'll miss her . ( gate bangs ) Please . ( Regan ) Everyone 's talking about swimming lessons and timeshares , not blowing anything up . They are part of Musa 's terror network . Otherwise , they wouldn 't even be here . Being a Hunter doesn 't automatically make you a terrorist . By that logic , I 'm a terrorist , too . You 're different . So are the Hunters inside . None of them have speeding tickets , let alone criminal records . I 'm sure their orders were to lay low , but even if some of them aren 't terrorists , we can 't just let them go . We can 't just lock them up because they 're Hunters . We are detaining them . Where ? Another black site ? Torture them like my dad ? They didn 't do anything wrong . Protect the innocent ones . There are families in there . Children just like I was . I 'll talk to Finnerman . How many do we have ? 47 . Lock it down . No one else goes in or out . We are go for lockdown . Lockdown in effect , repeat , lockdown in effect . Any agent still inside , get out immediately . Falcon four , counter response , get into position . ( helicopter approaching ) ( man ) We 're in position . Ready to move in . You have to go . Why ? Come on . It 's a trap . Let 's go . What ? No . I know a way out , follow me , now ! It 's the last open exit . Run ! Stay together . Don 't look back . Be brave , okay ? Go . Lockdown is my call . We 've lost the element of surprise . It 's time to strike . This is my operation , Ruth . Suspicious vehicle , south perimeter . ( Jackson ) Everybody on full alert . Out of the vehicle ! I want to see Truss Jackson . Get down . On your knees ! ( Flynn ) Watch his hands ! ( Briggs ) Get on your knees or I 'll shoot ! Musa . To surrender . With a suicide vest ? It 's to stop you from killing me . If you 're here to surrender , then surrender . We won 't shoot . You have my word . My people will fight to the death . Unless I tell them to surrender . If you let me inside , I will calm them , then we will all surrender , peacefully . Don 't trust him . No one gets hurt this way , on either side . Tell me where your weapons are . Please , Jackson . Let 's bring this to a peaceful end , eh ? No WMDs , no deal . You take off your vest and I 'll let you in . No ! Yes . Thank you . Now the vest . That 's right , all the way off . ( Jackson ) Slowly . Check ' em for weapons . ( Finnerman ) And then let ' em in . Clear . Wait . Check his back . You 've just given him exactly what he wanted . The operation has changed . ( all clicking ) They led you here like lambs to the slaughter . I have come to set you free ! We 're gonna have another Waco on our hands . No . We have the terrorists exactly where we want them . Regan is inside . Her intel has these Hunters as part of a network , but not engaging in any criminal activities ! Agent Regan can 't be trusted . Agent Regan has repeatedly proven her loyalty ! She helped these Hunters escape . Let them out a secure door . Well , there must be some explanation . There is . Treason . Take those Hunters and Carroll 's wife inside the hotel . My pleasure . What are you doing ? Echo Protocol . You 're going to kill them all ? That 's genocide . Genocide ? Oh , please , Jackson . There 's what ? 47 of them ? There 's plenty more where they came from , and we need to strike at their numbers while we still can . If you kill everyone , we 'll have no way of finding out where their nukes are . They are a useless asset . It 'll take years to crack a Hunter , time that we don 't have . What about Regan ? She stays with her kind . She 's my agent , not yours . I 've made my decision . You are no longer in command here . I 'm pulling her out . Get him out of here . Take your hands off me . You told me this was a detainment mission ! This is wrong . Initiate Echo Protocol . No Hunter leaves alive . Our Intel is clear . The Hunter combatants are not willing to surrender , therefore they leave us no choice . Biochemical weapons are , unfortunately , not yet an option . This is a kill mission . All Hunters are to be shot on site . Every last one of them . Commence . Regan 's in there . Are you using her as an excuse to go in and rescue your wife ? I delivered her to you , cuffed . I didn 't expect her to walk out of here . We will not forget your sacrifice , all that you have lost . You are a true patriot . ( scoffs ) Easy for the generals to say when they 're nowhere near the battle lines . If I could go in there and lay down my life here today , I would do that . We are what those monsters fear , and they will fear us . Jackson , Flynn , what 's happening ? Briggs ? Come on , it 's me , your favorite Guano . _ ♪ Here come a woman ♪ ♪ The look in here eye ♪ ♪ Raised on leather ♪ ♪ With flesh on her mind ♪ ♪ Words as weapons ♪ ♪ Sharper than knives ♪ ♪ Makes you wonder ♪ ♪ How the other half dies ♪ ♪ How the other half dies ♪ ♪ Devil inside ♪ ♪ The devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us ♪ ♪ The devil inside ♪ ♪ Devil inside ♪ ♪ The devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us the devil inside ♪ ( sonic blast ) ( sonic blast ) ( shrieks ) ♪ Here come the man ♪ ♪ With a look in his eyes ♪ ♪ Fed on nothing ♪ ♪ But full of pride ♪ ♪ Look at them go ♪ ♪ Look at them kick ♪ Get everyone upstairs . This way ! ♪ Makes you wonder ♪ ♪ How the other half live ♪ Wait ! We have defeated the Exalted and we will defeat this enemy , too . We all must give a piece of ourselves . ( clicking ) ♪ The devil inside , devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us the devil inside ♪ ♪ The devil inside , devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us the devil inside ♪ ♪ The devil inside , devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us the devil inside ♪ ♪ Devil inside , the devil inside ♪ ♪ Every single one of us the devil inside ♪ ( Briggs ) Something 's happening ! The Hunters have released some kind of tear gas . They 're contained to the top floors . It 's a trap ! ( Finnerman ) Do not pull back . Repeat , do not abandon the mission . ( coughing ) ( roars and clicks ) It looks like the gas is only affecting the humans ! ( sonic blast ) ( Finnerman ) Agent Briggs , what is the status of ... ( grunting ) Repeat , what is your status ? We have lost communication . ( high pitch ringing ) I can 't hear anything . I can 't hear anything ! ( straining ) ( clicking ) Fall back . Fall back ! It 's a counter attack ! ( roars ) ( Finnerman ) Get out of there ! Join Carroll , he 's on the first floor ! ( groaning ) ( clicking ) ( creatures clicking ) ( sonic blast ) ( Briggs ) Carroll , Regan is trying to escape . Stop her . We killed a child . They 'll kill me , too . ( gunshot ) Come on . Let 's get you out of here .
