 - Lilly , straight passes . - Cam , you gotta focus on this . - Coach : Just kick it straight . - Lilly : Come on . Coach : Mate , that 's not good enough . You let yourself down ' cause you weren 't doing it , okay ? Straight as an arrow . Let 's go . - Cam . - Lilly : Loser . Coach : Go on , get it . Go on . ( creature breathing ) Coach : I 'll grab this one . - ( kicks ball ) - coach : Good . ( rustling , galloping ) - ( screams ) - ( creature shrieks ) " take me home " playing ( man singing in native dialect ) ♪ take the head and the body will follow ♪ ♪ take the head and the ... ♪ ♪ take the head and the body will follow ♪ ♪ take the head and the ... ♪ ♪ take me home ♪ take me home . ( distant dog barks ) ( police radio chatter ) See some id . ( sighs ) ( woman whispers in native dialect ) Mother ... He 's all right . ( overlapping chatter , laughter ) ( distant dog barking ) ( chattering ) Waruu 's voice : Dad loved me more than he loved you , koen . Your mom is a white whore . Say it . - Boys : Say it ! - Come on , say it ! Koen , say your mom is a white whore . Boys : Say it ! Say it , koen ! - Say it ! - No ! Waruu : Your mom is a white whore . You coconut . Come on , ' ruu . ( train clacking ) Man : You , what you doing out here , brother ? ( bones crack ) Don 't suppose you take a direct deposit ? - ( window opens ) - woman : Oi , I don 't want you boys fighting around here . You hear me ? I forgot what flat you were , aunty linda . Who 's that ? I need to talk , aunty . - Koen ? - Yep . Okay , you better come up , then . Piss off , you hairy buggers . He 's family . ( music playing ) Koen : Hey , aunty . - ( knocks ) - hey ! - Koen , come in . - Right , right . - Well , look at you all grown up . - ( record stops ) Hoping you can tell me why uncle jimmy picked me . I gave up wondering why jimmy did what he did . ( laughs ) Waruu 's gonna be mighty pissed off . Ever since you two were little , Waruu 's been dreaming of becoming the cleverman . He 's been waiting for this day all his life , - And now his little brother ... - Half brother . ... Steals his thunder . It 's a big responsibility , koen . Cleverman is more than just a title . ( exhales ) Whatever reason jimmy had , You got a chance to start over . Here ... This belonged to your father . Kept his uni stuff in it . Where 'd you get that ? Found it . After the accident . Put other stuff in- - photos , Anything I could grab at the time , Which wasn 't much . ( sighs , chuckles ) Past is the past . Can 't change it . All you can do is try to do better . Your father , he wasn 't perfect . He was a man ... With all the faults of a man . But he was your father . Your gift , koen ... That 's yours and yours alone now . No one can tell you what to do with it . And that 's the good of it and the curse of it . Mark my words . I see things , too . - What kind of things ? - You in a clinic . Cancer . All through my lymph nodes . Doctors gave me six months . They can 't treat it ? Better medication at home . I 'm sorry . I can get you more gear if you need it . You saw all that , eh ? What are you gonna do with it ? Oi , stop it . You don 't need a title . Cleverman 's not just a title . Alinta : Dad , harry 's here . Harry : We need to take some action here . Waruu : Yeah , yeah , I know . Where 's the rest of that family they captured , then ? Alinta , can you get my phone , please ? I 've got something to show you . These were taken last week . So what are they ? Trucks . 20 of them in one day . ( keypad clicking ) ( line ringing ) ( vibrates ) Hey , stranger . Waruu : You don 't know what they 're transporting in those trucks . Could just be frozen chicken . Frozen chickens don 't need ventilation . So what next ? I found a guy on the inside , waruu . Says he can get us in to the main cells . - A guy ? - Yeah . He has a master key to the building . Let 's say we get in . Then what ? Bust every hairy out of there ? What are you gonna do with them ? Are you gonna bring them here ? Give the ca the excuse they 've been waiting for ? And we 'll be ready for them when they do . Choppers , assault vehicles , high-powered weapons- - Nah , brother . I 've got family here . We all got families . This is a political situation , harry . It needs a political fix . Come on , man ! If it was alinta in there- - Political fix , harry . Why I 'm going on this show , yeah ? We gotta do this the right way . ( slams ) ( inmates shouting ) ( pounding ) Oi . Oi , you shouldn 't be doing that . Hey , brother , they 'll flog ya . Dickson : What do you think you 're doing , rug ? Everyone , eat cement ! I knew you had to cause trouble for us , rug . What , you think you 're king of the rugs or something , do ya ? - Come on , then . - ( keypad beeping ) - ( grunts ) - ( groans ) ( shouting ) Come on . ( groans ) Ah ! Oi ! Oi , get your hands off him ! - Here . - ( grunts ) ( grunts ) ( footsteps approach ) ( knocks ) Woman : Girl . I know you 're in there . I know you must be hungry , too . ( object clatters ) ( footsteps depart ) ( knocks ) Woman : Leave the plate out , if you wouldn 't mind . Or I 'm in b27 if you care to visit . ( inmates shouting ) ( beeping ) ( door buzzes ) Stop filming . Put the cameras away . - Turn it off . - You people are not supposed to be here . Belinda : Yeah , we were the first on the scene . There 's no other news crews here . There 's not gonna be anyone else , either . It 's our exclusive for the next hour at least . How ? We 'll break the story in the middle of the show , Cross to you , so be ready to go . Huh . I wish you 'd let waruu know about this development . It 'd give him a chance to prepare his response . Let me think about it . ( exhales ) ( sniffles ) Why didn 't you say something ? I couldn 't bear to see you put on that brave little boy face . I see you 've relegated america to the dustbin of history . No , the us gets a place mat for outstanding achievement . It 's the whole of western civilization That 's down the plug hole . Perhaps it 's just as well , then , that I can 't ... Baby , we can try again . No , we 've ... ( sighs ) we 've been over this . You know , nixon had a speech already prepared For the death of the astronauts . They were so desperate to beat the russkies , They went up ahead of schedule more on a hope and a prayer . Are you going to tell the story About neil armstrong restarting the landing module With just a paper clip and seconds to spare ? It was buzz aldrin , and that was a biro . The point is that often the only difference Between triumph and failure- - My love , I 'm not giving up . I 'm just ... I 'm drawing a line in the sand . It 's all good , baby . Young waruu 's voice : I am the cleverman . I am the cleverman . I am the cleverman . ( distant music thumping ) Through this way . Stop ! ( door opens ) What have you got for me ? Dickson : One of these . - One ? - Just pick one . It 's not that simple , darling . They 're all as hairy as each other . One 's as good as the next . Haven 't you ever been to the pound ? You don 't just take any old shih tzu . When 's my money gonna come through , huh ? Do you understand me , pet ? That one 's english isn 't great . Shame , that . I do need english . Take me . Ooh . Aren 't you a feisty one ? And what is it you think you 're volunteering for , love ? It doesn 't matter . Smile for me . Teeth . Hands . Good , not too big . Pelt 's a gorgeous color . You all natural ? Yes , good , lucky girl . You 're older than I 'd like . I 'll do what you want . Oh , yes , you will , won 't you , pet ? Yes , I 've found what I need . Sorry , ladies . ( thuds ) ( traffic blaring ) ( distant baby crying ) Hello again . The disappearing girl . Thanks for returning it . Was just out of a jar , but fills the hole . My name 's virgil . Hi . Will you join me for tea ? I know what you are . And I don 't care . ( news jingle playing ) Good evening . I 'm jane o 'grady , And tonight , the subhuman crisis . We evaluate the government 's approach To its handling of the subhuman conundrum . Sit . Please . Tonight , my guest in the studio Is minister for immigration and border protection , geoff matthews . Good to be here , jane . Also with me is my guest mr . Waruu west , Indigenous community leader And advocate for the hairy peoples . Mr. West , welcome . Well , I 'm here as community leader in the zone . Thanks for having me on the program . He 's a bit of a spunk . Jane : Minister , I 'll start with you And the announcement today that the government is committing Another $ 107 million To its new subhuman containment and resettlement efforts . Have to jump in there , jane , And question the terminology being used And language that would make george orwell proud . What you 're really talking about here Is the forcible removal of innocent people from their homes . Separating mothers from daughters , Fathers from sons . The truth is this government is tearing whole families , Entire communities apart And taking them god only knows where . I can 't discuss operational matters . Suffice to say it is not anything like mr . West is making out . Well , that 's a relief , minister . Thank you . They are well provided for in clean , safe accommodations . Well , let 's see them . 'linta ! - ' linta ! - What ? Hurry up . Your dad 's on tv . Better still , tell us where these containment centers are So we can see them for ourselves . - Why the secrecy ? - Well , for the protection- - You only hide something if you have something to hide . Mr. West favors integration . Now , I 'm sympathetic to that as a possible long-term solution , But this is a complex question and ... - Tighter , camera one . - ... This government is working hard to find a solution . These are very serious issues . We have a large population of subhumans . They 're people , geoff . Can we just accept that they are not sub anything , but people ? Now , why don 't you allow reporters into your containment centers ? Jane : Give us a guided tour on camera ? Geoff : It 's a simple matter of security . Rosie , who 's that ? Rosie : Uh , west 's right-hand man . Jarrod : Give me a close-up on his hands . Geoff : ... And that is what we 'll continue to keep on doing . As long as the country keeps fighting for us , that 's what we 'll do . Jarrod : He 's a shaved-down hairy . Look at his little finger . Geoff : In addition to that , we have to protect the privacy Of our containment clients . So they don 't have a right to a trial , But that doesn 't matter , because you 're protecting their privacy . Subhumans are an innately violent race . Not true . Come on . Day one , first contact , One tried to rip the throat out of a police sergeant . Waruu : People become violent for a reason . Jane : Would you like to elaborate on what you mean ? Waruu : Hairy people are concerned that their people are disappearing . - Trucks come in the middle of the night and take them . - Total fabrication . Jane : Geoff , sorry , I 'll have to ask you to hold on . Mr. West , could you clarify what you mean- - Geoff : But does he have any proof of these allegations he 's making ? Mr. West cannot keep making these slanderous accusations . Waruu : Excuse me , minister . The zone was not your creation . If it wasn 't for aboriginal people occupying The old railway station , there wouldn 't be a zone . It has become a vibrant and diverse suburb in this city , And we welcome the hairy people to live with us . Look at this big man . Waruu : You 're the ones that put up a wall . You 're the ones that built a checkpoint . You 're the ones who issued id cards , And now you won 't take any responsibility . Mr. West , could you clarify what you mean by " disappearing " ? - Waruu : People have come to me- - - jane : Hairy people ? Waruu : Have complained to me that ever since emergence day , Hairy brothers and sisters began to disappear one by one . Uh , I 'm sorry . I 'm just receiving a feed from the newsroom . All right . And to people at home , I 'm sorry . We 're going to have to interrupt our regular program With a story that 's just breaking . Rosie : Crossing live now . Cue belinda . Shocking news just at hand Of the death of 12-year-old schoolboy cameron wells , Who was viciously attacked and murdered While at soccer training at a local park earlier this evening . It is thought that his death might be linked To a similar attack only last week on one james west . A warning to viewers at home . People may find the following images distressing . There 's a terrible sense of despair And growing fear at tonight 's events , jane . And not just because of cameron 's tender age , But the particularly brutal way In which he was killed in front of his club mates . Jane : Can you confirm the cause of death ? We 'll have to wait for the coroner 's report . Jane : The heart was removed from the boy 's chest In much the same manner as james west 's ? There 's been no confirmation For the precise nature of the killing Or species of the killer . Jane : But if it is true that subhuman peoples Have incredibly strong fingernails , It wouldn 't be too far a stretch To say that this crime might be the work of a hairy person ? At this stage , the police aren 't ruling anything out . It 's just yet another terrifying prospect For our already frightened communities to have to manage . Jane : Distressing news , belinda . We 'll be crossing to you for updates as the story unfolds . ( screams ) How dare you people use my uncle 's death To manipulate public perception ? Geoff : What happened to cameron is a tragedy , But we must be very careful not to jump the gun here . It 's important that everybody remains ... Oh , I think I know how this story ends . Shall we watch something else ? Geoff : Our patience as a nation with the subhuman issue ... I 'm sorry about your family . That young girl , was that ... My sister . Jane : Waruu , one final question for you , then . In aboriginal storytelling , sometimes referred to as " dream time , " Is it true that fathers would warn their children not to leave camp For fear of what the hairy people might do ? Firstly , it 's " the dreaming , " present tense . Our stories are not static . They 're not locked in the past Just as hairy people are not bound by what is . I 'm not sure I 'm understanding . Look , I will say this . Over the course of our history , Hairy people have lived side by side , in peace , So peaceful , in fact , none of us knew they existed till six months ago . What happened to cameron wells is truly regrettable , But we can 't jump to conclusions . We must let the judicial system handle this , Not the media . Jane : Wrapping up time . Gentlemen , thank you very much For coming on the program tonight . Geoff : Thank you , jane . See ? That 's how you get stuffed , waruu . - You bastards set me up . - ( object thuds ) And what makes you a spokesperson for your people , hmm ? You never finished high school . You don 't have a job . You live on government handouts and your wife 's salary . Unlike you , I did my homework . Mr. West , I just wanna thank you . Hi . I 'm harry . ( music playing ) ( music continues ) What am I thinking ? Porn . ( laughs ) Nah . All right . What about now ? Bestiality porn . Blair : You 're a bastard . Oi , really . What do you see ? You 're a dirty dog . I 'll drink to that . Where are the lemons ? Ah , what are you doing to me , man ? That 's it . Keep talking , keep talking . How does it feel ? ( groans ) it stings . - Is it hot ? Cold ? - Cold . Shh , look . Look , look , look . - Blair : It 's still hurting ? - Less . ( blair exhales ) See , that was what ? Like , seven seconds-ish ? Ish . Is it healed on the other side ? I don 't know . No , it 's still tender . That demonstrates a level of awesomeness That is truly badass . ( laughs ) Yo , go again . Go again . Don 't you do that again . - His body heals itself . - Put it down . ( knife clatters ) I was just playing . - ( woman whispers in native dialect ) - we 're playing . - Having a good time . - ( woman whispers in native dialect ) Eh ? I 'm sorry , babe . You still love me , though , eh ? ( line ringing ) ( ringing continues ) Belinda : Well , hello . I told you about what happened to my uncle in confidence . Yeah , I understand , and I 'm sorry , But this is my job . - You know that . - Go to hell . ( woman whispers in native dialect ) That eye still weirds me out . ( woman whispering in native dialect ) ( smoke alarm beeping ) Hmm . ( gasps ) I 'm just getting static . ( groaning ) Koen , what 's happening ? I 'm okay , all right ? Just- - it 's just my head . I 'm fine , really . I just ... I wanna be left alone . ( sighs ) ( woman whispering in native dialect ) ( woman whispering in native dialect ) Jimmy 's voice : You know you don 't choose to be the cleverman . Young waruu : Yeah , I know . You get chosen . Hey . Come to bed . ( machine whirring ) You 're awake , are you ? How old are you ? How old are you ? I 'm 71 . I 'm 16 . S ... ( laughs ) Your people live a long time , don 't they , huh ? Hundreds of years ? And here you are , 16 . Hey , you wanna have some breakfast ? I 've got some cereal . On the bench . Can you ... ? What 's your plan , girl ? My family are gonna come back for me . Your family are not coming back , girl . You can stay . With me , I mean . Long as you like . But they 'll eventually find you . Hey , I can help you . I make things . But you have to decide who it is you want to be . ( inmates shouting ) Djukara . Djukara . Dad . Where 's mom ? Where 's latani ? I don 't know . Boss . I 'm memorizing every door code and key I see . I 'm figuring a way out . Main thing is we stay alive . Yeah , and get out of here . That 's not what I 'm saying , son . Dad , they killed jyra . There 's no way this doesn 't end in blood . Dickson : Hey , rug ! What 's going on down there ? Nothing , boss . Why don 't you mind your own business ? ( boondee speaking native dialect ) What 'd you just say to him ? I told him he was a young , foolish boy . Is that it ? Sounded like more than that . I told him he had to fit in . In this society , we have to be social . We can all live together . ( laughing ) Yeah . Yeah , that 's right . Yeah , socialize . Once you all learn that , everything 's gonna be just fine . Boondee : Yes , boss . " yes , boss . " You know what , rug ? You got your head screwed on right . What 's your name ? Boondee . I 'm not gonna use that jungle shit . I 'm gonna call you ... Trevor . Yes , boss . ( laughs ) You finish up here , trevor . ( speaking native dialect ) But you would rather clean their floors . So why don 't you do your job ? Make ' em sparkle , slave . ( train clacking ) ( distant dog barking ) Charlotte : Just keep an eye on her , And if there 's any sign of temperature , - Just bring her straight back in , okay ? - Okay . - See ya . - Come on . Oh , I like the flowers . That 's good . They 're for you . The delivery guy nearly shat himself . Such a hurry to get out of the place . Eve : Everything all right ? Oh , yeah . ( line ringing ) They 're beautiful flowers , jarrod . Thanks . I was worried you wouldn 't get them . They were adamant they didn 't deliver to the zone . Had to pay a huge loading fee . Darling , it 's just you and me . It 's us . How about we give it one more try ? Go back to the clinic . If nothing happens ... I can 't . I just ... Can you please not ask me again ? I 'm building an ark for us . Look , I probably should get back to work . Sorry . What did you say ? Nothing . Hang in there , my love . ( sighs ) ( beeping ) Get up . Get up . Get up , monkey ! Come on ! These are for you . An id card . Carry that with you day and night . And the lenses to cover your eyes . Remember , you 're much faster and stronger than they are . - Thank you . - Mm . ( djukara breathing heavily ) Hey , monkey , you ever heard of a whipping boy ? - ( electricity crackling ) - ( groaning ) Back in England , they used to think that kings Were appointed by god . But you see , that made it very hard to discipline a young prince . You couldn 't give him the back of your hand , 'cause he was god 's special boy . You like to think that you 're god 's special little boy , don 't you , monkey ? I 'm gonna kill you . Ah . There . You interrupted my story . - ( electricity crackling ) - ( djukara screaming ) So , anyway , someone had a bright idea . Instead of punishing the prince when he misbehaved , They 'd punish his best friend . And the prince would feel bad , 'cause his friend was being punished For something he had done . But we got someone better than your best friend . Bring him in ! ( inmates murmuring ) Dickson : So from now on , When you 're a bad little boy who won 't behave ... - ( electricity crackling ) - ( groaning ) Guard : Cleared ! Leave my father alone , please . Beat me ! Dickson : Ah , we already beat you , But you didn 't learn what we were trying to teach . - I get it ! - I don 't think you do . - ( electricity crackling ) - ( screaming ) - Please , I 'll wear it ! - ( inmates shouting ) - You had your chance . - Please , don 't hurt my father ! Huh ? Rules will be followed , won 't they ? - Yes , they will . - Thank you ! - ( electricity stops ) - ( gasping , thuds ) Get him up . We 're not finished yet . Harry : Brother , I 'm a hairy , And you 're telling me we go into a prison full of hairies Who are being tortured and we just film ? What 's the point of that ? To show joe public what matthews is so desperate for them not to see . This is all about sticking it up matthews . - People need to know . - People don 't give a shit . We 're not like them , so they don 't care . No , you 're wrong . They don 't know any better Because they 're being manipulated by the government . You can say that , 'cause you 're not a hairy . I have to live it every day . Don 't tell me I don 't get it . I 'm a black fella . You heard what matthews said to me in there . I 'm a pariah in my own country . We go in with cameras or we don 't go in at all . Up ! ( inmates protesting ) - Leave him alone , you dogs . - Oh , come on . ( clippers buzzing ) ( gasping ) ( groans ) ( groaning ) ( groaning continues ) Inmate : Stay calm , brah . Dickson : Happy , trevor ? Free haircut . ( woman whispers in native dialect ) ( woman whispers in native dialect ) - ( woman speaks native dialect ) - ( groans ) - ( woman speaks native dialect ) - ( grunts , groans ) ( voice continues ) ( groans ) - Blair : Oi , shut up . - ( panting ) Blair : Are you having a wank ? ( groans ) Damn , mate , me girlfriend- - Hey , you know if you need a sick day , All you got to do is ask . This girl keeps calling me . - ( voice continues ) - ( groans ) Brah , what 's going on ? You 're starting to weird me out . - Don 't you hear that ? - Hear what , bruz ? The voice ! ( groans ) The voice ? I 've got to find her . Hey , find who ? Come on . - Where are we going ? - I don 't know . Okay . I 'm driving . ( groaning ) go left . - Bloody speed bumps . - Left ! Left ! Left ! - Are you sure , bruz ? - Yes , left ! Are you all right ? - Koen : Stop . - What , stop ? - Stop ! - ( tires screech ) Right . - You sure ? - Right ! Okay , I 'm going right . ( groans ) right again . Right again . - It 's a car park , man . - Go down ! - Go , go , go , go . - Going down . Trust me , blair , she is here . Stop , stop . ( woman speaks native dialect ) - This way . - Hey , bro , you all right ? Yeah ... ( computer beeping ) - ( voice continues ) - ( groans ) She 's in this building . Did she happen to say which floor ? Top floor . Number nine , my lucky number ! - ( woman speaks native dialect ) - ( groans ) Oi . Hey . Come on , get up . Koen , there 's nothing here . It is here . It has to be . - ( woman speaks native dialect ) - ( groaning ) This way . ( monitors beeping ) - ( woman whispers in native dialect ) - ( groans ) Blair : Uh , hi . We 're just here from cleaning services . We 're , um- - need a look around ... - Give you an obligation-free quote . - You need to leave now . - Excuse me ? - You need to leave now . No , no , it 's 3 : 00 , right ? We had a- - we discussed 3 : 00- - Jesus ! Koen , what are you- ( groans ) - where is she ? ! She in there ? Blair , get the door . Okay . Please ... It 's locked . ( woman whispers in native dialect ) No , mister- - Man , what are you- - ( beeps ) What is this place ? - Oi ! - Okay . - What are you doing to her ? - Just- - please ... ( speaking native dialect ) ( alarm blaring ) Brah , we gotta get out of here ! Let 's go . Come on with me . ( computer beeping ) Watch out , watch out . ( alarm continues ) - In ? - I 've got her . I 've got her . ( engine starts ) ( tires squealing ) Go ! ( instrumental music playing )
