 Subtitle By : Emas Putih - Azz Rulez - Today the new Stafie / of " mafia " begins . The last game left mixed feelings . I am curious what this Stafie / expect . The last game was pretty boring . The game is losing popularity I would never go to this game . Think really , that the increase in the price structuring / of new viewers ackt at / ? People who go voluntarily to their tormentors . Nowadays death on television 's actually pretty boring . When will we see the original creator of the show ? If those in charge think of anything new in this Stafiel , I fear , that this end of this extraordinary , but now worn " Mafia " - .S 'how expected . MOSCOW - 2072 What is a man willing to die ? What can be more important than your own life ? It could be that the answers to these questions will give to the people who are at the game today . A game that has evolved over time to the absolute world-class show . Primarily probably thanks to its creator . It is said that " Mafia " is capable People to put in extreme anxiety . And how exciting it is to see , what happens to a man who is not afraid ? Dear Participants , I am pleased to welcome you to the Mafia show . The rules are simple : in our studio are eleven players . Nine of them are civilians , and two belong to the Mafia . The players do not know who belongs to which group . The object of civilians is to find out during the game , who heard of the participants to the Mafia . However , the Mafia has to pretend that they were civilians , to get to the final . Every night killing the Mafia a civilian . The faster the civilians find out who belongs to the Mafia , the more of them stay alive . The prize money for this game is one billion rubles . Who will divide the money among themselves ? The Mafia , or the civilians ? Are you ready ? Then it starts ! Lift up your right hand . The computer is now to the random principle divided into mafia and civilians . The roles are distributed . From now on , just know our computer , who belongs to which group . Each participant sees only its own barcode and speaks with absolute certainty only for themselves . The Mafia members are still unknown and potentially all civilians . speak a word of welcome Traditional allowed any with us . Participants in chair number 1 . If they belong to the Mafia ? Probably to the players . Luka Sergejevich is , with 85 years the oldest participant of the game . Modern medicine enables him but to look much younger . Luka is a billionaire . Out of nowhere , he has built a solid investment companies . Luka likes to play for his lifetime . That 's his motivation to participate in the game . He has often risked his life and this seems to be a reason for his fortune . His grandchildren are just waiting that her grandfather dies . But it hardly employs just over his gambling addiction . More than anything , afraid Luka to lose the joy of living . The Iistige Luka Sergejevich has devised a Bitch for his relatives : According to his New Testament his grandchildren inherit absolutely nothing , if he dies during the game . That is why they are with their grandpa cheer like never before in her life . Unfortunately I have to say no : I did not belong to the Mafia . For Player ID . 2 The only thing I want is to win , because I have nothing to lose . EII , 38 years old , engineer . The doctors have found incurable thyroid cancer in him . He has to live much longer than three months . More than anything else fears EII that his family is left with no money . Win one billion rubles in the Mafia Sho w ! And , for this opportunity to secure the welfare of his family he is ready to die earlier . Although his wife , however , was very . They would rather have the three months spent with their loved ones and rather accompanies him quietly dying , instead of looking at the television , as he dies in agony . And moreover , in the knowledge of having to share it with millions of viewers . And what do player number 3 and number 4 player ? They have drawn the Hapless . You do not play for the money . For you it 's about the " special price " . The government and the Mafia-Show continue with its unprecedented " GIückslos " program . Every prisoner of our country can in regardless of the severity of his crime and the resulting penalty , regain his freedom . Has ever a managed ? He has to win for only the Mafia show . I would like to say that my trial was staged . My process was also staged . Oh shit . Stop crying . Let 's go on dear . Come on ! Player ID 4 , you 're in the Mafia or not ? Not with the Mafia . Mr. Butcher , you are in the Mafia ? - Mr. Butcher ... Mr. Butcher is also not in the Mafia . And it 's also damn him again matter . But true , I want here no money , but to freedom . And then I will have my revenge . Well , we now provide the next player the word . What should I tell you even after this rigmarole ? I 'm not in the Mafia , I give you my word as an officer . So 'n bullshit ! Tell me one time , why did you let so many simply die of your people ? Probably just to sit here to what ? And now finally our beautiful ladies at the series . I 'm not in the Mafia and am glad . I sit here in order to process my past . I 'm here to ... to my old life to get back . The current ... I do not need that . And I want to see in this game , what I 'm capable . My participation in this game you should not lead to false conclusions . The game will reveal everything . - I had no choice . Let 's say this is my fate . That 's all . I 'm too ' mafia ' came to realize my dream . And I will prove to everyone that the impossible is possible . Well , now we all a little acquainted . We will certainly find out in the course of the game a lot about our players . And now I start the countdown of ten minutes . The first voting begins . Here we go . How is it looking ? Has no one have any suggestions ? So I would suggest we choose this bum because of . The has long afterlife . Shut up , asshole . I warn you . Walter , do not be a on a dispute which does not help . I think we should use our time a little more effective . Does anyone have an idea for the first choice ? Konstantin ? - No , this round I abstain . I want to wait . - If so , then I will Suggest someone . My intuition tells me that in the Mafia a younger man called Kieran . Why should we lose time ? Yes well , Kieran . Who else is this ? - Hey wait times . I know this couple . Have times in jail saw a movie about them . She is a dancer , the so weird rumhampelt . Is it so ? You animal but have not the slightest idea what you 're talking about . Marie is 24 years old . She was an outstanding ballerina . An extremely talented dancer . Until her 21 years to her career developed splendidly . But by a terrible accident took her career to an abrupt end . Although it was made after several months already somewhat again , of ballet could be no more talk ! Marie 's return to the stage would be possible only by a synthetic prosthesis , by which they could move to 100 % their feet again . However , the prosthesis and it required major surgery , cost an enormous sum that Marie has not . A couple of years she went from door to door to raise the money . But you did not even get 10 percent of the sum together . She is desperate . Do you have the courage ? Then fill out the questionnaire , there the test , and will be invited to the most popular show of the We / t . Mafia . This is their last chance return to the stage and to give her life meaning again . Since this accident Marie has terrified of rain , thunder and lightning . This type because that is their Fickfreund , I 've in urine . With whom do we want to start ? The Hampel aunt or her little lapdog . So , you do not know Marie , right ? Yes , we know each other for many years , I and Marie Vladimirovna . Fool ! What 's that now ? We have no agreement , really , that 's right ! For many years I have been following her career . And when the terrible accident happened , I wanted to help somehow . I even sold my apartment , so they ... - I want nothing from you ! I do not love you , do you hear ? I have never loved you ! Marie Vladimirovna , let them not clarify this here . This is not the place for it . Why can not you leave me alone ? Once again you 've messed everything ! Well , nice shit , huh ? I ask you again : Who we do first flat ? - So , I would say Marie . Stop ! Stop . Please wait . You 're welcome . Now , if only to get a voice then that means the majority . I ask you . I beg you ! Select dear ... They prefer to choose me instead . I i ... I 'm in the Mafia ! That 's the truth . One can not see , but I 'm really ... in the Mafia . Please choose me ! - The votes were cast . That concludes the vote . No , that ... can not be . I am innocent . I 'm not in the Mafia . The time has come to find out whether the participants were wrong with their choice . Marie is one of the civilians . I have to say goodbye well . May the gods be with you . Let me out ! Immediately ! I bring you the first death in the 57th season of " Mafia " the most popular show in the history of television . The game , in which people are willing to risk their lives for the victory . The game , in which one really dies . HERE LIVES THE MOTHER OF A MURDERER Every year the same mistakes . Boring . That they know them , does not mean that they are in the mafia . The first Night falls on our town in . And only the two Mafia members can see and have the right to the first train in the dark . It 's time to fire the first shot , and select his victim . The city falls asleep . And the Mafia wakes . Now every civilian is just a step away from death . The selection was made . The remarkable thing is that our mafia members were very quick to agree . Who will not wake up this morning ? For whom the game is already over ? The first victim of the Mafia in this year ... Konstantin , you know maybe , who was selected by the Mafia ? I do . So I was not selected . And everything else does not interest me . Well , then I will no longer suspense you . The following person is no longer wakes up after that night ... Mr. Butcher . Hey , the Lügenschwein . What Iaberst there for a shit ? What shoud that ? Are you kidding me ? Do not you see that I 'm awake ? Verrecke , you swine . Who said that ? That was me . Verrecke , you swine . You idiot . Have sold for nothing your apartment . You are all idiots . Your bastards . Rejoice not too early . I will come back . And then I 'm going to slaughter all their bums . You will not die on an electric chair . For you , we have come up with something special . A feast for the eyes ! Now we come to your phobias . - To what ? Your fears . Just answer yes or no . Then do it . So ... Have fear of loneliness ? Before the single cell I have none . - Against Poverty ? Misery ? Because I showed the rich pigs , where to go ? They were just jealous on . - You stupid ... You stupid bastard . I can not suffer intestinal eaters . Who ? - I mean greedy fucker . I think slowly that you 're the loony of us . I hope you burn in hell . Are you afraid of death ? I want it this way say you Witzfigur , Like a man dying , before that I am not afraid . But before such an asshole to die . Now I 'll finally be free again ! Dear participants , dear viewers , we have all seen , how brave Mr. Butcher has struggled . But our game is unpredictable . Look at the Mafia show , and I announce a new vote . I would like to say that with each additional vote , time is shorter . I set the clock time on eight minutes . That 's what he deserves . What do you mean by that ? - The pig has deserved death . I think we should now perhaps say what we really mean . I can say exactly who is in the Mafia . Konstantin . Even as a child he had clairvoyant abilities . In school , he could predict poor grades . As a teenager , he predicted the girls that they are cheated . People began to call him the " black messenger " . On participation in parapsychological television shows he always renounced . Officially , he works as a consultant in crisis situations . His greatest fear is to die of old age . In the Mafia is ... Peter . Nostradamus . Na toll . If you knew everything , why did you let her die ? Hm ? Yes , that 's all really quite terrible terrible . Yes ? - I would like all relatives those who do not return for this match , say that I really am Ieid . Remember , once the two Mafia members are uncovered , the prize will be split among the civilians . But I do not want that . I want to see the Mafia dead but too many civilians I do not want too . You know what ? That 's disgusting . Well . - Dost yourself for a tough-guy thing ? If you had been in my military unit , I would have you hand executed . - We are not in your military unit Fortunately . Let us take a decision . Whoever believes Konstantin ? - I. I think Konstantin . So I belong to the Mafia . And now I say unto you , who is still in the Mafia . - Does this mean we win too fast ? Then indeed our Constantine would have to share the prize with many . Must not he . And therefore , because our Konstantin in Mafia is . Oh , I will not say anything more . Then I will be killed first . Because then I 'll finally learn what it 's like to be dead . Wait , what meaning results mean ? If Konstantin is in the Mafia , then why kill his accomplice ? To the price does not have to share . Is quite logical . Who Konstantin is , raise your hand ! I do not trust these devilish predictions simply do not . Forgiveness . - And I think someone who has nothing to lose , just more . Three votes for Konstantin are logged . Whoever believes in fact that Peter is in the Mafia ? Six votes for Peter . That concludes the vote . Now the question only remains open as to whether the selection of players was right . To hell with you , with you all . So I come quickly to Marie . Peter is a civilian . So , there 's this woman , for whom I have great fear . Huge . You love her very much , right ? - Yes . - Since you have a reason to . Try to remember what it was like before meeting with this woman . Earlier , when you were a kid , had you as afraid of something ? And as they got older ? - I really had nothing to fear . But , I remember . When I was little ... I had extreme fear of water . Dear players , my sincere condolences . You make a mistake again . And now the other rules : after the death of three civilians there is the chance to uncover the mafia members . I bring an extra vote . Players will have the opportunity a Mafia member to out of the way . You have exactly six minutes . Exactly why I love this kind of television show . You never know what will happen . Let us Iabern stop and send the neighbor to hell . Walter , 45 years old . Military officer . After several missions in war zones has with him a posttraumatic stress disorder develops . He applied to find out if he wants to live or not . Him plaguing violent guilt over his failure . A tactical mistake on his part has many young recruits killed . He needs to take strong anti-depressants . In sleep he lived through this tactical mistake again and again . Walter , why do you speak of " victims " ? What do you think that ? Or you might prefer child murderer ? I forgot to ask anyone what to call him . I 've already told you that I am completely innocent in the beginning . Of course , of course . In our prisons sit innocent . Why do you talk like that ? You know nothing about him . Beat prefer before a candidate . I know nothing about him ? The little girl was drunk and thereby has promoted two people to the afterlife . Ivan was an ordinary student , which was looking forward to the final exam , to begin his adult life . After the official ceremony He continues to celebrate with some friends . Everything happened quickly . Two classmates were killed . And to have been about rescued by a woman 's pleasure was short-lived . The court issued its judgment very quickly . And not for the benefit of Ivan , which was as it turned out , drove that night . The jury acquitted him on all counts of the indictment guilty . Guilty on all counts of the indictment . Dual , premeditated murder . Most fear Ivan has from dying in prison and never to be free again . At least it was not intentional , just like you . Shut up , you Hosenscheißer . - Laura , please forgive , but your face looks familiar . Are we ever met somewhere ? No , where ? Of course not , dear . Certainly not . I saw you on TV , was transferred as the process . Was a great process , what ? Yes . - Are you ready now ? Or do you still show each other their birthmarks ? How about if we go , huh ? Why are you so rude ? I did not do anything to you . What gnaws so ? - You must not worry . Think . Dear to the Mafia I think you are in the mafia . Oh yes ? - Yes . And I think that you are in the mafia . Well , that 's interesting . - Let 's vote . - What ? May I remind you of the last vote ? I voted for Constantine and he for Peter . Listen to the one on ! Something like a stupid bitch wants a military officer pose as the wicked ? - That 's enough now ! Can not you behave ? I warn you , Walter . You 're never been at war , right ? Coward . I 'm a coward ? - Yes . I was involved in eight appearances . On the border with Mongolia I was on fire , while her here durftet celebrate the millennium of this country . It is enough . Your gets on my nerves . I agree ... for Laura . And ? Who is this ? A vote for Laura is registered . I vote for Walter . I 'll give my voice Walter . I opt for Walter . Do you know what you are ? You are wretches ! A pile sad , miserable wretches full complexes . For example , this Luka . One of Riley , who does not know what to do with the billions . And he dragged himself here in order not to die lonely home . And then this Ballerina and her mindless worshipers . As one comes even puke ! About you I have my opinion already made known . A great team we 've got , what ? An excellent general mean ye drummed up , people ! Five votes for Walter . This is the absolute majority . That is , the decision is made . Walter will leave us . I do not understand that . Kieran and I have not been elected . Walter is not in the Mafia . Definitely not . - Certainly ? Does it even matter ? Open your eyes . Have a look around times ? Corpses everywhere ! Everything full of corpses around you ! We are even as good as dead ! Do not you understand ? I gave my word of honor as an officer . Do you even know what that is ? An officer Very word ? Walter is a civilian . Participants were wrong . The Mafia is still among you . The game continues . Ride all to hell . Falke ! Falke , number one here . Can you hear me ? Hawk is in position . - Let 's go ! Be it on the hat , Hawk . On the roof ! Take cover ! We first losses . That 's an ambush ! Here Hawk , we have defeated the enemy . We check out the situation . - Roger that . Crap ! What was that ? Crap ! Hawk ! That 's it , guys . I 'm coming . It 's time to announce the night in our studio . The city falls asleep . The Mafia wakes . The Mafia replied . The choice is made . Leaving us is : Laura . Well then . My fate is sealed . I get probably what I deserve . Once Laura had everything : a house , a family , a good job . But she has managed to lose everything . First , a glass of wine in the evening to relax . Later two , and then a glass of cognac . When Laura admitted that she is an alcoholic , it was too late . Her husband has long tried to help her . But as for Laura drunk her son was killed , he left them . Laura remained alone . For suicide she lacked the courage . It has strong fear of heights , acrophobia . For more than eight years she had not left the house until they ... Until I was one night on the road . Excuse me , you said straight road ? Yes , John . I must confess to you something before I die . I hope you can forgive me . Had I known how everything develops , I would not be running to the car . Does that mean you have saved me ? Yes , saved ... and destroyed . Still on the scene asked me the parents of Grisha for a favor . Forgive me , Vanja , forgive me ! I bring only suffering . Your Honour , I can say with certainty that derjunge man named Ivan is to blame for this terrible accident . On the front passenger seat of the wrecked car sat Grisha , seriously injured . For this calamity he is in no way responsible . That 's all . Laura , you will certainly have acted , because you had no choice , so I forgive you hereby . Thank you my dear . Laura is civilian . I 'm Ieid . I hope you will win . Dear passengers , we are approaching a Sch / real weather zone . Please stay in their seats and fasten your seatbelt . I / any thanks . So . It starts . Stay calm . Everything will be fine . Such shocking confessions no longer existed in our show for a long time . Thanks for turning . We continue to do everything possible to amaze . We have only six participants . Look at these faces closely . Two of them are cold-blooded killer , the Laura have catapulted straight into this ill-fated aircraft . Who are the two ? Find it out , dear participants . You have four minutes to vote . So my intuition seems to have left me somehow . There is only one , which I do not have suspected namely me . - I think it 's all of us . Let us vote for Ivan . You think he wanted to Laura 's death ? I did not say that . I 'm just saying , let 's vote for Ivan . And to remember something . Are not you afraid that sounds familiar . Are you afraid of clashing ground . But when they jump , everything will be fine . When the light is a triangle , You find the exit , and they may be saved . With your prophecies confuse me . I do not understand , Konstantin . Think they really that Ivan has not forgiven her for her confession ? The fact that he has only played us ? That he knew from the beginning about Laura communication and wanted to get back at her ? You know what , Kieran ? Something similar also walked me straight through the head . But I ... I think Ivan . He has not played for us . Something I do not trust him . - Do we agree on . Who is Ivan ? - All the time you sit there like a mummy ! Now tell such stuff ! Why should we believe you ? Konstantin has the most of the game said nothing rational . I somehow feel that Kate and Kieran cooperate . Have you perhaps taken before the game ? Do not let them distract you ! At the moment the most important thing to vote for Ivan . And I say : my intuition is back and whispers the name of Constantinople . My intuition says otherwise . I vote for EII . Anyway , we have to vote at last . Who is Ivan ? Ivan , I do not , because you suspect me . I just play with . It hints at a draw . That gave 's never . I also agree for Konstantin . Me too . Ivan , raise your hand . I vote for EII . Three votes for Ivan , two of Constantine , one for EII . According to the rules of the game , the player who is to retire must , obtain the absolute majority of votes . In this case , four . That concludes the vote is repeated . Ivan , EII , and Constantine . The others are not considered this time . Hurry up , this time you have only two minutes . I think Ivan . I do not want that something happens to him . I do not agree for him . I vote for Konstantin . Kate , you 're stronger than you think . I also agree for Konstantin . Ivan ! I do not change my decision also . I trust Constantine . That 's the way it is . I make it a little dramatic . I choose Konstantin . Three votes are not enough . Los , yet . Ivan , what 's wrong with you ? Raise your hand . What should be ? I just do not think that Constantine belongs to the Mafia . I choose EII . I vote for Konstantin . Is the ? Can a player for simply vote for yourself ? I think that would be the first time in history . Right , Mr. Moderator ? Absolutely right . - That we have not so agreed . Is he in the Mafia ? Konstantin belongs to the Mafia . It 's over . What is this , Grandpa ? I 'm in a hurry . Why do you say Grandpa to me , kid ? Finally done . AII my Vorhersehungen have come true . I cheated on you . I have changed the gameplay . Now they can defeat you . Then it 's over to the mafia show . to die as an old man , this is the most beautiful of all deaths . Gone . We will see who will change the flow of the game . The city goes to sleep again . And the Mafia wakes . Welcome back to Mafia show . Playing with the risk of dying . The game that changed her mind . It can be requested at the time , who has not awakened this morning . It is ... Ivan . Ivan . That can not be true . How so ? Why Ivan ? - That 's not profitable . Ivan is a civilian . That 's so sad . - Do not cry , it 's okay . In this show I 've achieved a lot . Now all know that I am innocent . Yeah , right , I admit that I was hoping for a new life in freedom . I 'm only 18th But I knew the rules . Tut mir leid , Mama . I 've never been with her at sea . Mummy , Mummy Dearest ... Hold on ! I really love you very much . Please forgive me . I was not a good son . Mama . Forgive me , Mama . I welcome our great quartet ! Among them , three civilians the need to join forces to unmask the last Mafia member . But the mafia is smart and stronger than ever . If they manage to run the game until the final duel ? We learn in two minutes . The time is running . That is then probably , if we do not expose him , then we are just the three ! And the Mafia kills even one of us ! - Now you need three votes . That is , we must be unanimous . With whom do we start ? Do you know the term " fishing with yourself to " ? EII , You might belong to the Mafia ? It 's always the same . As long as you do not say anything , all is well , but if they do , you belong to the Mafia . Come on , EII , whom do you suggest ? - No idea . They are a nice couple , you and Kate . Why do you think we 're a couple ? I think so long . Kieran is a hopeless polemicist . Even the game he came that way . One of his friends has doubts that Kieran has the courage submit the entry form for the mafia show . You are mistaken . And indeed he had met the day before the game Kate . By chance ! Without the whole truth about the new acquaintance to know Kate had revealed to him all her fears : front height , snakes , desert . Kate grew up in the orphanage . For this reason she thinks that nobody will protect in this world . Neither Kieran even Kate knew that they meet again the next day in Mafia Studio , where they will learn what they 're really scared . So I then surely located properly . But I do not think that you are in collusion . Exactly . We have only met us yesterday . That 's the truth . We had no idea that we meet again here . That 's the way it is . I still have not recovered from this surprise . Yesterday we lost not a word about the game . Kieran , you are really sure that Kate does not belong to the Mafia ? Yes for sure . - And you , Kate ? Dare Kieran ? Yes I do . EII , it looks as if one of us next . - Why then ? They seem to work together . You decide who goes next . Kieran and I are not trying to protect us . We just want to survive as you all ! - We have no time . Kate , come on , you now have to decide . Oh no , I do not . I do not belong to the mafia and will also anyone Henkerin here are . Dear participants , they have only ten seconds to decide . Hurry up please . - Kate , how you choose ? I do not know how to decide . I 'm confused . I do not know what to do . Participants could not decide . This means the game will do it themselves . The computer will choose who must rely . It can happen to anyone , a civilian , or the last Mafia member . Who will have better luck ? Ten seconds , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three two one . The choice falls on Kate . No ! - So a finals also do not like . What are you talking about ? They wanted to create in the next round it yet . That you have now . Maybe we still win . Kate is one of the civilians . Kieran , you forgive me ? Fate has willed it so . That 's ... so it must be . That 's why I came here . Kate , why are you here ? What are you talking ? What are you doing there ? Kieran , stop it . Kate , I 'm coming with you . This is really very interesting . So something has never been offered in this show . Kate , that 's just your fear . I can save you ! You can not look down , do not forget how that works here . We have to jump from this board if we are to live . Trust me . Do you understand ? - Yes , but I jump in any case . I 'll help you . You have to get up carefully now . Okay , on three . One two ... Kate , are you okay ? Yes , I 'm just a little confused . Where are we ? Do you have any idea ? Crap . We need to quickly get out of here . And where ? What do you think ? - The light in the triangle in front there ... What ? Just as Constantine said it . How is that possible ? By spring he was right . Did you also feel that we are expected here long ? - Kate . We will now go to the light . What are those noises ? I have no Idea . Attention ! Da lang . What 's this ? Not only are your fears . What 's this ? What are you afraid of ? losing you . Hide yourself . Hide yourself ! Kieran ! The light ! He 's afraid of the light ! Where are we ? - This place is very familiar to me . This is my orphanage . Why are we here ? Are you that ? You know , I always dreamed of , to learn who my parents were . About how I was born . But I was also very afraid to know why they left me . That is why we are so here . That 's here , what are you afraid most . Kate , but understand what we see here , nothing has with reality , the future or the past to do . You have to solve yourself from your ideas . I live for so many years so that , so I went to the game . Kate , you have to understand that this is not showing your real past here but the past , before you fear you . You have to change . Just imagine how your parents were there for you and had thee . And that something intervened , which has brought apart you . Do you try it ? - I 'll try it . You can do it . Dear viewers , according to the rules of the show , , when only a civilian and a Mafia member remain , all prize money automatically paid to the Mafia member . And who is part of the mafia , we will know after the advertisement . See you soon , in the next round ! The madness . When I learned of your acquaintance , I could not imagine that the whole thing would develop so me . But Konstantin assured me from the beginning , that ye may be a pair of increase quotas . Then Constantine was in the Mafia ? - Exactly . But many more . He was one of my best editors . With your help , he wanted to destroy the game , but could not really understand how the game works exactly . At that moment you find yourself still in the created world from me . That 's impossible . As ... ? We are still in there ? Yes , although currently no one but us , the game looks . Funny , is not it ? Mafia . This is my life 's work . I 'll never give it up . The odds have failed catastrophically . The people began to get bored on death on television . So I had to change something . - Wait a moment . That 's why you have decided to show our love ? Therefore Kieran has its place can leave as easy , right ? Yes , I have instructed the technicians to reprogram its place . Good idea , right ? - Katja and I have therefore controlled the game ! The only one who controls something here I am . The game is connected to my consciousness . Is not that awesome ? So I created a finale , the viewers have never seen before . This reality is controlled by me , them shall ye never forget her . And please do not force me to regret that I have both left you alive . Good luck . We 'll see you back in the game . It is important that we are alive and together , Kate . Yes , but when the show is over , and we again are in reality , who was then the second Mafia member ? Papa ! Papa ! Hi , how are you ? Let Mama go , come on . Hello . Forgive me , my dear . I just wanted you lack nothing . I have won . You were the Mafia Member ? That 's fine . The important thing is that you finally are back with us . And will you stay . No money in the world can replace yourself to me , my darling . EII lived ten months instead of the three that have been diagnosed him . Luka was lucky . He was allowed to leave the game unscathed , albeit without winning . Luka has decided to disinherit his grandchildren and his entire fortune to leave the orphanage , where I grew up . The Mother of Ivan gets flowers every day in memory of her son . You know what , Kieran , actually Konstantin has proved real hero . He has changed the game play , so that we could put an end to evil . But we lost . No , Kate . It is far from over . The game in which there is hardly any chance of winning . But if evil is not punished , there is always one who challenges the system . One who believes in the truth and its ideals . One who is willing to fight to the end . Because if the city falls asleep , awakens the Mafia .
