 All trains departing lower levels . The collective runs by everybody doing their part . Report suspicious activity to Health and Safety . Health and Safety is here to help . Just look for the black and white vests . After you . Thank you . This train serves the north-east work sectors . This is a message from the collective . Are you overly tired ? Or experiencing increased sensitivity ? Maybe you have difficulty concentrating . You may have S O S. Switched On Syndrome . ... a further 43 degrees along this orbit that the hoist probe will begin the 110 minute descent into TK-14 's atmosphere bombs dropped for the span of 28 days and obliterated 99.6 % of usable arid land on the earth 's surface . And event that changed the course of human kind forever , and now known as the great war . ... of the two tracts of land that survived the great war . The peninsula still stands 44 degrees west of the collective . And is a wild primitive area , containing empty dilapidated buildings and little is known of the primitive nature of the peninsula 's inhabitants . The defects living there are ruled by emotion and base desires . An ancient vestige of our past . This image shows equis 12 leaving earth 's orbit on last week 's interstellar mission . Who wrote the text for this feature ? Me , I did . Does this look accurate , Nia ? Yes . Except , the rocket 's fission thrusters are cylindrical these appear triangular . Thank you . I 'll change that . Iris is back from conception duty . She got back yesterday . She had a defect . How do you know ? She told me . Did she have the bug ? No . She says she 's clean . Where is everyone watching the landing tomorrow night ? I 'm watching it in bishop park . I 'm going to leave work early to get a good seat . If I arrive early enough i can get a seat close to the screen . David ! David ! David ! David ! You 're in safe hands now folks . Please continue on your way . Total number puzzles solved : 2224 . The following is an update on last night 's disturbance in living block 5J . Health and Safety officials subdued two individuals engaged in coupling activities . And both have been transported to the Defective Emotional Neuropathy facility , The DEN , for containment and emotional suppression treatment . The incident is an outbreak of defective behavior . Remember , couplers are a danger to themselves and to all of us . Physical contact , touching , or displays of emotion are signs of an individual infected with S O S. If you see the signs , report the couplers to Health and Safety immediately . Let 's do our part to help contain this dangerous epidemic . ... with no infrastructure the collective erected a patrolled border to contain any resurgence of chaos ... - Did anybody see that ? - See what ? That 's unfortunate . He 's already dead . Anyone recognize him ? - Not sure . - Don 't think so . That 's our first jumper in a while . His head was no match for that concrete . I just remembered there was a suicide in my building last night , a woman slit her throat . I hope they find someone to cover his work . Even before the demise , humankind knew the importance of space exploration . As the collective , we prioritize it and perfect it . Now , 798 million miles away , as we brace the surface of TK-14 , we move one step further in our understanding of ultimate reality . Okay everybody , this is it . 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Mark . Last , but not least . Speculative Non-fiction , the title is inside the peninsula . Silas , will you talk us through the lead illustration ? Silas ? Sorry , Leonard . I went with the scene on the peninsula where the defects huddle together for warmth . In my research I found that they form social bonds with each other to help alleviate something called anxiety . Very good . Thank you . While scientists are making great strides in understanding this debilitating condition . A reliable cure for S O S has yet to be found . And most S O S sufferers will experience complete emotional disability . In as little as four to six months . Prior to eventual containment at The DEN , kappa rho inhibitors offer a reliable means of dampening symptoms , and slowing the stages of the disease . Thus allowing sufferers to maintain ... What stage ? Excuse me ? What stage are you ? Oh , I 'm just here for a check up strictly precautionary . I 'm Jonas . Silas . What stage are you ? Two . You look healthy . Well , I have my good days and my bad days . - Silas ? - Good luck . Thank you . The ground was rushing toward me , I ... I couldn 't breath . I felt like my stomach was was in my mouth . It was extremely unpleasant . You had a nightmare , Silas . I never want to experience anything like it again . How long have you had these symptoms ? Maybe three days , no longer than that . I 'm gonna take some blood now . Can you give me your hand please , Silas ? Your test is positive , Silas . You 're only stage one . A woman in my office recently gave birth to a defect , I ... I couldn 't have caught it from her , not if she 's clean , right ? Even if this woman did have S O S. It isn 't contagious . I 'd like to start you on a full course of inhibitors immediately . There 's no reason why you shouldn 't be able to live a normal life . At least for a while . Then The DEN . You mustn 't think about that for now . The DEN is a long way off for you . A cure is right around the corner . Where were you , Silas ? I went to the cafeteria to drink some tea . Is that where you got the bruise ? No ... Last night in tai chi class , the man next to me accidentally struck me . Silas , you weren 't in tai chi class last night . Yes he was . I saw him . What 's that ? It 's a Bumblebee . Careful . Don 't they sting ? According to the laws of aerodynamics they shouldn 't even fly . But they don 't know it . So they fly anyway . Be a part of the solution by taking your inhibitors . Your health is the health of the collective . Picking up . If you 're watching this film ... your doctor has diagnosed you with S O S. Switched On Syndrome . As members of the collective , we hear a lot about Switched On Syndrome . Here is important information about how this debilitating disease will affect you . And how you can manage it responsibly before eventual containment at the Defective Emotional Neuropathy facility , The DEN . Switched On Syndrome is a malfunction of the gene silencing that controls human emotions and eliminates human flaws . But in Switched On Syndrome , problem genes lose their silencing and re-awaken . Leading to unpredictable sensory experiences and behavioral defects . Until a cure is available . Inhibitors are the only effective means of slowing the disease 's staging , while dampening the onset of emotion . And while the causes are unknown , we do understand the disease 's progression . During stage one , intermittent feeling , you will experience , difficulty concentrating , depression , pain , overwhelmed feelings , impulsivity , and sensitivity to light . As the disease progresses into further stages , consistent low level emotion and emotional volatility , these symptoms will worsen . In stage four , acute behavioral chaos , you will no longer function as a productive member of the collective . And your doctor will prescribe containment at The DEN . Where you will be provided with electro restraint , emotional suppression , and a painfree death scenario . If you have questions about your condition , notify your doctor or Health and Safety official for immediate attention . And remember , a cure is right around the corner . Hello Silas . Hello Nia . Nia ... I read your article on the Harlow 9 probe . I was wondering if you ' could look over my impressions . But you 're Speculative Non-fiction . I switched with Leonard . Why ? I felt like a change . There 's a staff meeting tomorrow afternoon . Why don 't I review your work then ? I 'd really appreciate your input at this early stage , if it 's not too much trouble . This isn 't what I described . - Isn 't it ? - Harlow 9 is a lander not an orbiter . - And where 's its robotic arm ? - Are those for our feature ? Yes . - I thought you were Speculative Non-fiction . - I switched with Leonard . One more thing . The eleos landing was made on a flat surface . The way you 've drawn it , it looks almost mountainous . Is there anything else I can help you with , Silas ? Thank you for your feedback . You 're welcome . It 's this vastness , inaccessibility , symmetry , and the permanence of the night sky that made it a natural topic for philosophers pursuing the understanding of ultimate reality . It 's this vastness , inaccessibility , symmetry and permanence of the night sky that made it a natural topic for philosophers pursuing ... At atmos our past is not a relic we should leave behind . But a living creation , something to be handled . The work we do at atmos is that which links our present ... I 'm so sorry . You dropped these . Thank you . It 's about time you all knew last week I ... tested positive for S O S. I 'm stage one . I 'm taking inhibitors . There is no evidence that the bug is contagious , however ... if it makes you feel more comfortable , I 'll wear a face mask from now on . - Silas , I 'm very sorry . - How long do you have ? It 's difficult to say . Is this why you stopped doing Speculative Non-fiction ? I don 't know , Rachel . Possibly . I think a face mask is a little extreme . Although I don 't think he should sit with us anymore . And you should have your own mug . Do you all agree ? - Yes . - Yah . We cured cancer . We cured the common cold . We can cure S O S. You 're going to live , pal . Thank you all . This has to stop . If it continues I 'll be forced to report you . Do you understand ? You have the bug . Don 't you ? I 'm clean . The day that man jumped of the building ... you saw his body out the window , you ... you looked ... affected . There have been other times , too . I 've been watching you . The way ... you look at the world , the way you experience things . I 'm clean . It 's different . What you are going through must be very difficult . If you were clean , this conversation wouldn 't even be taking place . You 'd have reported me already . Am I right ? Goodnight , Silas . Good morning , Silas . Good morning , Nia . And finally , the Harlow landing . Nia , do you have any more notes for me ? No , your changes work well . Thank you . Onto the next article then . Zoe ? These are my impressions of the hot flow anomaly on the planet BL-4 . The visible bioshock ... Goodnight , Nia . Goodnight , Rachel . Your bruise went away . You noticed that ? I 've had the bug a year and three months . I didn 't want to go to the doctor , I just sort of knew . You know there is really nothing any ... anyone could do to help . And I 'm scared of the meds , and ... then ... Doesn 't seem fair at first . Right ? You know I could live ... i could live with it . But every day was different and that was the hardest part . Every single time i thought I knew something or learned anything I didn 't . And I felt this guilt every time I wanted to go back to normal . Like I shouldn 't want that . Every day I am practicing unbearable discipline and selfcontrol . You realize what would happen if anyone saw us in here right now ? We 'd go straight to The DEN , it 's a death sentence . One of my neighbors missed two doctor 's appointments . I haven 't seen him in six weeks . We can 't do this again . It can 't happen , you know that . We just ... We just have to hold out for the cure . Will you stay in here with me a little longer ? - Are you okay ? - Yeah . I need to go . Nia , are you staying late again tonight ? I 'm not sure . I wish I had your kind of work ethic . I received a message from Zoe . On her way to work this morning she received a conception duty summons . Could one of the illustrators present for her in the staff meeting ? I 'll do it . I 'll be glad to . - Good night , Nia . - Good night , Kate . They may simply be labeled as dualist . Two subject concepts and materialist one subject concepts . The way you 've been looking at me ... I can 't help it . I can feel it . What does it feel like ? It feels wrong . No , no . No . It 's not wrong . It 's completely right . This feels ... I 'm scared . I 'm so scared . Me too . Hello , Leonard . Silas . I didn 't expect to see you here this late . Have you thought about killing yourself ? No , that 's not until stage three . Why is Nia 's interface on ? Have you been snooping again , Silas ? Excuse me ? A month ago , Health and Safety saw you on Nia 's interface after hours . I was told to keep an eye on you . Is there something you want to tell me ? As the manager here at atmos , one of my duties is to maintain the safety and welfare of the team . Therefore , if I believe that someone on the team is in danger , or involved in an activity that is unsafe , I 'd report him , or her , to Health and Safety . Unless , of course , the activity were to stop . Does that make sense to you ? Yes . Good . Shall we get out of here , Silas ? - Goodnight . - Goodnight , Nia . He knows . What are we gonna do ? We have to stay away from each other . I can 't ... stay away from you . I can 't ... not be around you . Not in that office . Not when I see you everyday , it 's impossible . I thought about it . The best thing is for me to leave atmos , get a job somewhere else . It 's like you said ... That 's all we should be thinking about . Nia ... Have you received a conception duty summons ? Let 's work together to populate the collective . Insemination is quick and solitary , and during gestation you 'll be supporting and growing the collective . If you received a summons please ... Are you sure this is what you want ? I 'm sure . - Positions at atmos are highly coveted . Once we place you in a different job ... - I understand . Because of my diagnosis , i think a work environment where I interact less with others would be better . For everyones benefit . That 's a very responsible attitude . Oh Nia meet Dominic , our new illustrator . Dominic , this is Nia , she works in text . - You 'll be interpreting her words . - It 's very nice to meet you , Nia . Welcome to atmos . Follow me . I also design rockets . I could have been an engineer , but I lacked patience . I think working at atmos is a vitally important job . Science is a process and often leads to dead ends . But here ... we 're delivering the answers , we 're educating people . Knowledge is sacred , and atmos is the new scripture . If you think about it , we 're kind of like preachers . Where did you study ? I 'm self taught . I 've always drawn pictures ever since I was a child . One of my guardians , barnabas , nicknamed me little Da Vinci . Did you hear ? - Zoe was inseminated . - It means she 's clean . She didn 't catch the bug from Silas . That means we 're probably clean , too . I 'm definitely clean . I donated blood last week . Silas ? Jonas ? You okay ? Okay . Do you want to take a walk ? And then I would miss her . I don 't know it , felt so good to be around her that ... we were nearly tripping up , and I couldn 't see ... couldn 't see anything bad happening to her . You two were in love with each other . That 's very clear ... you were right to end it though . I think dealing with this disease on your own is hard enough , coupling would just make it unbearable . You know about a year ago . I also made a connection with a woman . Though , it didn 't end well . I 'm so sorry . Your friend , what stage is she ? She 's self-diagnosed , she 's fighting the bug without drugs . She 's a " hider . " Not many people can do that successfully . I think hiders are ... I think they are wired differently . You know we have one in our group . Bess . She 's a ... she 's a doctor at The DEN , of all places . Listen ... I 'm part of a group . A support group . With Bess and others from my work . To talk openly about how we feel . If you 're interested I 'll vouch for you . It might help . I 'd be willing to try . Great . Nia , it 's me again . Until you give me some text to work with I am idle , and that doesn 't seem like a very good use of my time . I 'm almost finished , Dominic . All the other illustrators received their pieces hours ago ... I 'm almost finished , Dominic . But I appreciate your patience . Of course . Silas , you made it . Oh , this is great . I 'm glad you 're here . Everybody , this is Silas . The one I was telling you about . Silas , this is Bess . Peter and Thomas . Gilead . Max . And Alice . Come take a seat . ... and then after lunch he just kept staring at me , like he could tell i wasn 't taking my meds . And I wanted to say something to him . But then I thought , what if I 'm just imagining it ? So I turned and walked away . And all I could think is that he knows . He 's going to report me and I 'm gonna get caught . And I can 't stop thinking that . - All the time ... - It 's natural . It 's happened to every one of us . Yes , but all I could think is that I am going to The DEN . I 'm going to The DEN . It 's over . And they 're ... What happens in The DEN ? Half the people who are brought in commit suicide . The staff encourages it and stand by while it happens . And that 's the preferable option anyway . Compared to electro restraints and all the other methods of treatment . But there is value in living . Being a hider reminds you of that . I still don 't know how you do it . Working for Health and Safety is hard enough . Yes , it 's difficult to see things and not be moved . But that 's what being a hider is all about . So you do small things to help . Just looking someone in the eyes , can make them feel they are not alone . Give them hope . But under no circumstances do you interfere . You have to tell yourself , do not risk your job , do not risk your life . But why stay in a position where you feel so much risk ? You could ask to be reassigned . I 'd rather be with people who feel . Who feel intensely . It reminds me of who I am and why i choose to keep on living . Everybody says it 's not contagious . But after all these years as awful as it is , everyday I feel a stronger ... affinity with other people . See I don 't believe all the research . Feelings engender feelings . S O S is 'nt even a disease , that 's what they say but ... switched off is something they do to us between conception and birth . S O S is who we really are and ... the inhibitors are just another attempt to squash that . I don 't know . It is so hard . It 's lonely . At least with the inhibitors I can get by but now ... I would rather feel nothing . Nothing is better than this . It 's okay . It 's okay . I could never have imagined what love felt like . It 's strange ... Like a little tornado going around and ... Yeah . That 's why I was so scared of it at first . It 's about giving , okay , I want you to take everything , I don 't even know what it is I just want you to take it from me . I just wanna ... I wanna run . I wanna run ... both of us as fast as we can , outside , just take off . It 's so weird , I 'm like ... I keep on thinking about ... Ever since we were kids it 's been drilled into us that .. Our purpose is to explore the universe , you know . Outer space is where we 'll find ... the answers to why we 're here , and ... and where we come from . It 's like everyone 's ... searching for these answers 800 million miles away and the truth is ... the answers are right in front of us . I know why I 'm here . Me too . What are we going to do now ? We just spend as much time here together as we can . Go to work , act normal , but then ... at night ... we 're together . Okay . What did you look like when you were little ? Have you always had these freckles ? I don 't know . I think so . - Did you grow early ? - Did I grow early ? Yeah , I was tall until I wasn 't . I was a little round kid ... What was your favorite subject ? I liked history . How about you ? I always really loved to write . - What did you write when you were a kid ? - I always liked to write poetry . I liked the school trips as well . When we got to go ... to the great war museum , to see how the bombs dropped and wiped out all the cities and stuff . I see a future outside of this room . Some place out there in the vastness of everything we know . In all those millions of miles . Dominic Fyi . The article is finished . You gave it to me already . I 'm working on it right now . No , the one after this . On the extraction of superfluids from neutron stars . No pressure . I wish I could explain this to everyone else . I 'm sick of being ... scared of getting caught . I want people to know and not think we 're sick . The significant breakthrough came with the isolation of the bulbar cell line , allowing effective genetic resilencing , without triggering the systematic organ malfunction that had marked earlier attempts . To be clear , this is not another kappa rho inhibitor . It 's a cure that restores the health and systematic order to the individual . With the Ashby ENI cure it is only a matter of time before all current S O S cases are treated , and future cases prevented . The ENI cure is injected directly into the neck , leaving a small coin like scar , a quick and simple procedure . Once administered , the drug requires a six hour absorption period , before the disease is completely neutralized . After which point , regardless of stage , the patient is restored to normal health . Mass production of the drug is already underway . And shipments are being made available to public clinics immediately . Individuals diagnosed with S O S need not suffer another day . Contact your doctor immediately to receive the Ashby ENI cure ... and rejoin the ranks of equals ... We 're gonna remember this feeling . We 're gonna live every day remembering and we 're not gonna feel it . We 're not even gonna exist anymore . No . No , no way . It 's not over . We 're not doing that . - So you don 't want the cure . - No . Do you ? No . This is Nia . We want to go to the peninsula . At my old post , I eh ... I took part in an air patrol . We wouldn 't fly directly over the peninsula , but ... i could see it from a distance . It 's totally overgrown . If anyone actually lives there , it 's in a completely primitive state . - How do we get there ? - You 're seriously considering this ? We 've already decided . You know you 'll be on your own out there . There will be no one to look after you . Whatever we go through it will be together . I know how you 're feeling , but you 're not thinking of all the risks . If we stay here we 'll be found out . We 'll get the cure . You know , it 's many years ago ... I was not much older than you are now , when I got the bug , no one even knew what S O S was back then . People were getting it ... and most of them would commit suicide . There was a young man in my living block , I could tell he was a hider , just like me , but no one dared mention it back then . One night , he knocked on my door and told me that he and two others ... were going to the peninsula and he wanted me to go with him . Of course , there was no way i was going . I knew they were headed for their deaths . Bess . The few months after he left were the loneliest I ever felt . We 'd only spoken that one time . More than all the suicides I 've seen . It was his death that was the most ... unnecessarily wasteful . Such a waste . That was a new feeling for me . But you don 't know that he died . What if he didn 't ? I can talk to my old colleague , he was the pilot who took us on the air patrol . If they get caught , the whole plan could be traced back to you , or to the group . You said interfering was too risky . If you make this decision you know ... there is no turning back . If you do manage to get out ... you can never return . Of course . When you get to the border ask for Oliver , he will fly you . What if he gets caught ? He won 't . Good luck . Thank you . Welling is the closest station to the border . Trains don 't go there until the weekend . I checked the schedule . We could leave on Saturday . Three days . - You 're shaking . - So are you . - Are you sure ? - Yes . Are you ? Yah . I got a conception summons . We are leaving in two days , by the time they come looking for you we 'll be gone . Ignore it . My tag is blocked , I not gonna be able to get on the train . I won 't make it through any of the check points . Look , it 's just a summons , right ? It 's not like they 're going to inseminate you ... They 'll check my blood , they 'll see I have the disease instantly . Yeah but , they can 't force you to get the cure . I 've been diagnosed , no one 's forcing me to get it are they ? Besides , the clinics are overwhelmed right now . All that 's going to happen is , they 'll tell you you 've tested positive for S O S , and that you should see your doctor immediately . That 's it . Then get out of there . Nothing 's changed . We 're leaving Saturday , 10 o 'clock train . You 've already missed the whole morning of work . You should get over there right away . I 'll come after my shift . Meet me behind the clinic . Okay . I received a summons . - Hello Nia . - Hello doctor . Lie back for me , please . I 'm going to take a sample of your blood , okay ? Okay . I have the bug , don 't I ? Nia , you 're pregnant . - What is it ? - She 's pregnant . She got called for conception duty and they found out , they 're ... - Silas , calm down . - Taking her to The DEN . You need to calm down . I 'm calm , I 'm calm , it 's fine . - When did they take her ? - I don 't know about an hour ago or something . - All right well listen , I will contact Bess ... - No , no . No . Not Bess . She won 't help us . Ask someone else . There is no one else . Bess is our only hope . Listen you can 't be seen around here like this . - I 'm fine , but let me come with you . - You need to go home ... - Go home and I will contact you , wait there . - I can talk to them , - let me go with you . - Don 't attempt to see Nia . Silas , go home . Trust me . - What are they gonna do to her ? - Just calm down . You need to stay calm , or they 'll give you the cure . Give me a couple hours . Go home and wait there . Shh ! Shh ! - Jonas ? - Get dressed as fast as you can . And listen to me carefully , Last week , a woman was brought in called Eva . She was stage three . Last night she knotted a garbage bag over her head , suffocated , she 's dead . Now you ... are gonna switch places with her . Eva didn 't kill herself last night , you did . You are Eva , she was you . You 're gonna walk out of here . Just , hold out your arm . Your left arm please . Okay . All right . Shh . You are Eva . Got it ? Ready ? I told Silas to wait at his apartment . You 'll find him there . The following message is an update on the security breach at The DEN . The collective wishes to congratulate Health and Safety official , ID 2256 4943 who alerted authorities to three individuals operating against protocol at The DEN . Two of the three were Health and Safety officials , and the third was a physician at The DEN . All are currently safe and receiving the Ashby ENI cure , so that they may return to work as a productive equals in the collective . The ENI cure will now be required for all those diagnosed with , or suffering from S O S. And mandatory S O S testing will begin immediately , for all Health and Safety officials , as well as medical professionals . Welcome ... Her name is Nia . Her ID tag is 34729647 . She writes text for atmos . - You said her name was Nia ? - Yes . Was she brought here yesterday evening ? - Lives at 6L 415 ? - That 's right . She died last night . According to the doctor 's notes , the cause of death was asphyxiation . Could you check that again ? Yes , that 's her . Sir ? Are you okay ? Do you need some help ? Where have you been ? Hey . You okay ? Why ? I thought you were gone . How ... how long do you have ? Maybe five hours . Silas . Hey . Fight it . It doesn 't matter , it doesn 't matter . Fight it . Okay ? I 'm still pregnant . We 're going to get on the train tomorrow . Okay ? I love you . I love you , I love you , i love you ... You have to fight it . Just fight it okay ? I can already tell it 's in me . Just remember ... Okay ? How ? Remember this feeling . Just remember what this feels like . Yeah ... yeah , just promise me , no matter ... what happens you ... you keep loving me no matter what I say ... what I feel or don 't feel ... - I 'm still , I 'm still in here trying , okay ? - I know . I 'm still in here . Just don 't give up on me . Please , don 't give up on me . I promise . I promise that I won 't ... I promise . Silas ? Good morning . Do you still love me ? I remember I loved you . But ... I don 't feel it anymore . Do you still want to go ? We made a plan . Okay . This is a non local transport , serving outlying regions with three stops . The final destination port will be welling at the outer peninsula ...
