 RAMY ROMANY : Everything in ancient Egyptian 's world was revolving around these nine gods . WILLIAM HENRY : The idea of a council of nine gods recurs over and over again throughout history . GEORGE NOORY : It 's very possible that there 's a group that oversees Planet Earth . KATHLEEN McGOWAN COPPENS : What is their agenda ? Is it benevolent , or is there another agenda to control us ? LYNN PICKNETT : We might never know their ultimate purpose , but we should be very , very careful , because if they don 't like people challenging them , well , we 're doomed . NARRATOR : Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , might our planet still be under the watchful eye of what some people refer to only as " The Mysterious Nine " ? December 30 , 2013 . In an international television news broadcast , former Canadian Minister of National Defense , Paul Hellyer , makes an astonishing statement . He claims to have knowledge that extraterrestrials are visiting Earth . SOPHIE SHEVARDNADZE : Why do you say that UFOs are as real as the airplanes flying over our heads ? PAUL HELLYER : Well , because I know that they are . And they 've been visiting this planet for thousands of years . And there is what is called a " federation " of these people , and they have rules . NARRATOR : The interview sent shockwaves through the media . Viewers questioned why a high-level official would make such an announcement . DAVID WILCOCK : Paul Hellyer first came forward in 2005 , but it wasn 't until January of 2014 that his story truly went viral . HELLYER : That gave me the dubious distinction of being the first person of cabinet rank in the G8 group of countries who ever said categorically , without reservation , UFO 's are real , and you have to accept them as being real . This is difficult territory . But I understand there 's a federation that is monitoring us most closely and keeping tabs on us . NARRATOR : Could there be truth to Hellyer 's statements ? Is it possible that there is a galactic federation of extraterrestrials overseeing Earth ? But if so , what is the evidence behind such astounding claims ? NARRATOR : Edgewood Arsenal , Chesapeake Bay , Maryland . 1952 . As part of a secret government program termed Project Penguin , medical doctor and psychiatrist Andrija Puharich set up a special laboratory where psychics and military personnel gathered to investigate psychological manipulation and hallucinogenic drugs . Perhaps one of the most compelling and controversial aspects of Puharich 's research was channeling , which involved making contact with non-physical beings through the use of psychics . JAMES HURTAK : It 's very important that we understand that this was a serious scientific endeavor . No candles or holy water or any of that was used . Puharich used the Faraday cage , a copper room that was specially insulated according to US Naval standards , that would prohibit mid-level electromagnetic waves and electrostatic . In this Faraday cage , individuals would relax and allow the mind over matter signal to take place . NARRATOR : In December , 1952 , Puharich invited Hindu mystic and doctor D.G. Vinod , to one of these channeling sessions . During the experiment , Vinod went into a deep trance and made contact with a group of entities called " The Nine . " PICKNETT : At the very beginning , they just announced themselves as nine principles of the universe . Well , that 's pretty big to start with , but nevertheless , they said they were extraterrestrials . They were forces from beyond . NICK POPE : The Nine said that they were an eternal presence , that they had been watching humanity from the very beginning . And that they were gods , guides , and this was what particularly interested Puharich . The idea that if they are gods , they , of course , have wisdom , and Puharich wanted to ask for guidance . The Nine came up with a number of different messages involving their being guardians for the human race , creators even . PICKNETT : Puharich said " What is your name ? " Who are you ? " And that was the great revelation because the being said , " I am Atum . " And Atum was the great father god of ancient Egypt , and introducing not only the nine principles , but the nine great gods or the Ennead of ancient Egypt . NARRATOR : Is it possible that Puharich actually made contact with the nine great gods of Egypt ? Could this be evidence of a long-standing federation of extraterrestrials overseeing earthly affairs ? But if so , just who were these beings ? Heliopolis , Cairo . Known as the Sun City , this is one of the oldest and most sacred sites of ancient Egypt . Although mostly destroyed , an obelisk remains , marking the spot where the temple of the sun god , Atum , once stood . Here , the ancient pharaohs would connect to the Ennead , a council of nine deities who were said to have brought technology and knowledge to mankind . According to Egyptian hieroglyphs , consultation with the Ennead was chief among the pharaohs ' duties , and critical to the success of the nation . ROBERT BAUVAL : Heliopolis was the Vatican of ancient Egypt . This was the seat , the helm if you like , the ... the abode of the famous Ennead , the nine gods that ruled from the sky , and governed Egypt from a place in the sky . ROMANY : The Ennead started with god Atum , the god of the solar disc ; god Shu , the god of the wind , and goddess Tefnut , the goddess of the water ; god Geb , the god of the land , and goddess Nut , the goddess of the sky ; Isis , the mother to all the kings ; god Osiris , the god of good ; god Set , the god of evil ; and goddess Nephthys , the goddess of death . Everything in ancient Egyptian 's world was revolving around these nine gods . So , the pharaoh of Egypt would have to consult with the nine gods , the Ennead , with every aspect in life to make sure he is doing the right thing , and every ancient Egyptian local , would have their full trust that anything coming out from the mouth of the king is the word of god because he already heard it . McGOWAN : The pharaoh was the special emissary to the gods ; and therefore , the gods were able to speak directly through the pharaoh . A case can be made that the pharaoh allowing the gods in to speak through him is similar to the channeling that is done through mediums today . NARRATOR : Nine otherworldly beings speaking through the pharaoh ? Might the modern-day channeling sessions with the Nine , conducted during the secret military experiments in the 1950s , be mirroring those experienced by the ancient Egyptians ? The Ennead were actually extraterrestrial beings here to administer and guide human affairs . The pyramid texts tell us that Atum came from Sirius . It 's quite fascinating to contemplate the possibility that Dr. Puharich was part of a long line of initiates who were contacted by the Ennead . DAVID WHITEHEAD : The rulers and the presidents , and the kings and the queens throughout history always have these stories of consulting higher forces . Could we still have these extraterrestrial or pandimensional overlords existing today that are guiding the rulers of various nations ? NARRATOR : Could it really be that Puharich inadvertently made contact with the same beings that were consulted by the ancient Egyptian pharaohs ? And might these be the extraterrestrials that former Canadian Defense Minister Paul Hellyer , was referring to ? Perhaps more evidence can be found in numerous accounts from across the globe of otherworldly councils of nine . HENRY : These extraterrestrial beings , they 're turning up again and again in human history . RICHARD RADER : These are gods who are deeply and fundamentally involved in humans ' lives . NARRATOR : Southeast Asia . Every year during the ninth lunar month of the Chinese calendar , thousands of Taoists throughout the region celebrate a 2,000-year-old tradition called The Nine Emperor Gods Festival . The Nine Emperor Gods Festival is a very , very important festival in southeast Asian Chinese communities and it revolves around a carnival-like ritual that takes place for nine full days . The point of this , uh , festival is to summon , the very , very powerful Nine Emperor Gods because they 're seen as residing up in the skies . NARRATOR : The nine Sky Lords are believed by Taoists to have been the original rulers of China and the offspring of the supreme god of creation . According to legend , the Nine Emperor Gods come from the nine stars that make up the Big Dipper , seven of which are visible and two that are invisible . They are tasked with controlling the universe and keeping order on Earth . There are typically about nine spirit mediums who , uh , enter a trance , and then channel these gods to bring them down and to keep them very content and happy . The reason why it 's crucial to keep them happy is because they keep an account , a record of everything that happens on Earth . They control human destiny . At the end of the nine days , when the festival reaches its climax , the gods eventually return to the stars from which they came . NARRATOR : Curiously , this idea of nine gods , or overlords , watching over Earth can be found in cultures throughout the world . The Aztecs of Meso-America were known to worship nine gods called the Lords of the Night . In the Norse tradition , nine gods survive the Ragnarok , or earthly destruction . According to Buddhist legend , the Emperor Ashoka consulted with a secret society called the Nine Unknown Men who were said to possess the knowledge of the universe . The ancient Etruscans of Italy also believed in nine gods that could be persuaded to influence the fate of mankind . And in Greek mythology , Zeus led a council of nine gods created to oversee humanity . The canonical Olympian gods are imagined to be about 12 , and they have a sort of governing body as well , and so they have a council . For the most part , the nine most important gods are there sitting at the top of that is Zeus . These make up the-the power structure of the heavens . And they occasionally meet to determine what they 're going to do about mankind . JONATHAN YOUNG : Zeus created the Council of Nine , and this was Aphrodite , Apollo , Athena , Demeter , Hephaestus , Hera , Hermes , Poseidon and Zeus himself . And these are the gods that then could interact with humans , I guess to keep us in line . These are gods who are deeply and fundamentally involved in humans ' lives , and the gods occasionally have to clean things up , and so , there 's a few times in the mythological tradition we hear about the gods deciding , rather like we hear in Genesis , that they 're gonna wipe the slate clean and just start new entirely with a brand new human race . NARRATOR : Is it purely coincidence that so many ancient cultures , separated by thousands of miles , all worship a group of nine gods ? And could it be that these beings were not gods , but extraterrestrial visitors as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? Visitors that are working behind the scenes and still watching over us today ? I 'm always asked about ancient astronauts . Why did they leave ? How come they 're not here anymore ? And personally , I never said that they left . I think they 've arrived , and they 've stayed . And so that plays into the whole idea that we are this ongoing project by extraterrestrial species , and that they are observing us- - have observed us , from afar . Because according to the creation stories , we are their offspring . So if the council exists , they are here to observe their creation . HENRY : The idea of a council of gods , especially nine gods , recurs over and over again throughout history . People today claim that they 're in contact with a divine council . When you look at this , you have to ask , is it possible that these are actually the same group of extraterrestrial beings that are turning up again and again in human history ? And that in fact , they may have a long-term or long-range plan for humanity . NARRATOR : Might it be that these nine gods found across various cultures throughout the globe , are in fact the same beings ? And if so , does this give credibility to the claims of contact during military experiments conducted in the 1950s ? POPE : All around the world , in a remarkably cross-cultural way , we get the Nine . And when Puharich started channeling , the Nine cropped up again . Coincidence ? Or was he accessing something that has been with us since the dawn of time ? NARRATOR : Does this notion of an otherworldly council of nine , that is found in so many ancient cultures , provide proof that there really are alien overlords that have been steering the course of humanity ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and claim that , incredibly , physical evidence of this can be found , not on Earth , but circling high above it . NARRATOR : Coming up ... WILCOCK : This is something that has a dark , streamlined , technological appearance . POPE : This is an extraterrestrial satellite that has been monitoring Planet Earth . NARRATOR : December , 1998 . During the assembly of the International Space Station , U.S. astronauts spot a large unidentified item orbiting the earth . They take photographs of the mysterious object , and post them on the NASA website . WILCOCK : When you actually look at the photographs of the object , it very obviously looks artificial . This is not a meteor . This is not a chunk of rock . This is something that has a dark , streamlined , technological appearance , almost like some of the stealth aircraft that we 've built , with a kind of bent nose in the front , sort of like a hawk . NARRATOR : Curiously , NASA officials quickly remove the photos , and claim the object was space debris- - most likely a thermal blanket , inadvertently released from the space station . But some independent researchers are not convinced , and suggest that it might be the latest evidence of the " Black Knight " satellite that first made headlines three years before the first man-made satellite was launched into orbit . In 1954 , both The San Francisco Examiner and the Aviation Week Journal published articles detailing what appeared to be artificial satellites orbiting the earth . NICK REDFERN : It really shocked a lot of people , because although the concept of satellites were known , nobody on the planet was flying a satellite . The story really takes off with a man named Major Donald Keyhoe . He was formerly with the U.S. military , and wrote a number of books on UFOs . One of the things that Keyhoe wrote about was how supposedly a number of military insiders had told him , that the U.S. military was tracking one or two unknown satellites of extraordinary size in Earth orbit . Nobody knew what they were . This was long before Sputnik , the first satellite launched by the Russians . And it gave rise to the idea that it was extraterrestrial . NARRATOR : The United States Department of Defense was said to have recruited the assistance of astronomer Clyde W. Tombaugh , in 1953 , to identify this strange object . However , his conclusions were never made public . Based on its appearance on radar in the 1960s , scientists estimated that the mystery satellite weighed over ten tons . It was not only several times larger than anything worldwide space programs were capable of launching , but it also seemed to be traveling in an artificial orbit , circling the earth from pole to pole . MIKE BARA : The Black Knight is said to be in a polar orbit , which is what you would do if you wanted to cover the entire Planet Earth as it rotated underneath you . Weather satellites , spy satellites are commonly put into this polar orbit in order to cover the entire surface of the earth . This implies that it is an unnatural object . What 's particularly intriguing about this satellite is it 's not one of ours . In other words , the theory is that this is an extraterrestrial satellite that has perhaps been monitoring Planet Earth for thousands of years . In the 1930s ham radio operators claimed they were picking up radio signals from outer space . And Nikola Tesla himself claimed that he was picking up radio signals from Mars . So you have to wonder , were ham radio operators and even Nikola Tesla , somehow picking up signals from this extraterrestrial ship orbiting our planet ? WILCOCK : A ham radio operator was able to decipher this signal , and create a matrix grid of individual dots that were either white or black . When he looked at this grid , he concluded that it was a map of the Epsilon Bootes constellation , positioned where it would have been 13,000 years ago . NARRATOR : Might this mysterious object actually have traveled to earth 13,000 years ago ? And if so , was it put into orbit by extraterrestrials in order to observe Earth ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that descriptions of an extraterrestrial satellite can even be found thousands of years ago , in the Hebrew text known as the " Apocalypse of Baruch . " The Apocalypse of Baruch is one of the best ancient astronaut stories in existence , because it describes an eyewitness account of a satellite orbiting the earth . Baruch describes how he sees a magnificent bird that watched the happenings on the planet . And from time to time this bird would extend its wings to glean or to gather the power of the sun . And after flying around , that bird would be so exhausted it would retract its wings . If we look at today 's satellites in space , it 's the same story . We have solar cells on wings that can extend , and then they can retract at will . So what if Baruch witnessed something similar ? Baruch himself said that this is " the guardian of the earth . " NARRATOR : Might the mythological bird described in the Apocalypse of Baruch have actually been an observational satellite ? Could this be proof that extraterrestrials have been keeping watch over Earth for thousands of years , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? And if so , do they pose a threat ? Perhaps additional clues can be found by exploring the rumors of an alien encounter ... at the White House . CRAIG CAMPOBASSO : He wanted to meet with President Eisenhower . So they took him to the Oval Office . LAURA EISENHOWER : He was brought to the president and the vice president , and they put him on VIP status for three years . NARRATOR : Washington D.C. , 1957 . A federal marshal and chaplain who had top-secret security clearance at the Pentagon , Dr. Frank Stranges , is introduced to an extraterrestrial being named Valiant Thor , who is secretly working with the United States government . Stranges later goes public with the shocking allegations in his groundbreaking book , Stranger at the Pentagon . CAMPOBASSO : Dr. Frank Stranges said that on March 16 , 1957 , Valiant Thor arrived in a scout ship , which landed in Alexandria , Virginia in an agricultural field at 8 : 00 a.m. The police were the first on the scene . And they had a conversation with him . He wanted to meet with President Eisenhower . So they took him through the Pentagon where he met with the secretary of defense . Once that was cleared , they brought him over to the Oval Office to meet with Eisenhower , Nixon , and all the joint chiefs . NARRATOR : Stranges ' account was backed up by Harley Byrd , the nephew of Admiral Richard E. Byrd , who worked for the Department of Defense from 1957 to 1963 . Byrd was assigned to Project Blue Book , the secret military program that investigated UFO reports . And he wrote the foreword to Stranges ' book . There have been face-to-face meetings between United States officials and people from other star systems . Period . The best evidence that I think there is , is the case of Valiant Thor and his visit to the , uh , capital in the U.S. He remained in the United States for three years . And did a multitude of things there . Communicating with various people and discussing the state of affairs in the United States and in the cosmos . NARRATOR : According to accounts , Valiant Thor had been sent to Earth by the High Council to intervene on behalf of the intergalactic community . ( explosion ) They were worried because our nuclear capabilities had become an interstellar concern . REDFERN : The story goes that Valiant Thor had contact with high level members of the U.S. government and the military including the Joint Chiefs of Staff , essentially giving a friendly warning that , hey , if you don 't disarm your nuclear weapons , and if the Russians don 't , it 's all gonna end in complete destruction for everybody and the obliteration of the human race . And Thor wasn 't some sort of bullying-type character . He wanted the people of Earth to understand and take action themselves , rather than being forced into it . The story actually sounds quite like the scenario presented in the 1951 movie , The Day the Earth Stood Still . Very , very similar scenario . NARRATOR : As outlandish as the claims seem to be , photographs have surfaced of Thor meeting with top officials and no one has stepped forward to dispute them . Even members of President Eisenhower 's family , including his great granddaughter , Laura Eisenhower , insist the story is true . EISENHOWER : Valiant Thor showed up around 1957 , and was brought to the president and the vice president , and they put him on VIP status for three years . And Eisenhower really wanted to let humanity know about this , but , the secretary of defense , the head of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the military Joint Chiefs of Staff opposed it . And even though Eisenhower was intent on having a meeting with the General Assembly of the United Nations , in order to present the story to them , that was shut down too . HELLYER : Ultimately his mission , which was on behalf of the federation , was not taken up . His mission was aborted . He didn 't accomplish what he came for , because the decision was made- - not by the president himself- - but it was made by people like the secretary of defense , and the CIA . And this , I think , was a turning point in the history of the United States and the world . We had an opportunity then to change our ways , and we missed the opportunity . We blew it , to put it bluntly . MICHAEL SALLA : What 's very interesting here in terms of Valiant Thor 's timing was whether or not this was something that was part of a larger plan , whether there are these overlords who are there behind the scenes controlling humanity . DAVID CHILDRESS : Valiant Thor claimed that he had been sent by a high council to talk to the military leaders of Earth and warn them of the dangers of nuclear weapons . And you have to wonder is Valiant Thor some kind of representative of this Council of Nine that 's watching over planet Earth that Puharich had been talking about ? NARRATOR : Is it conceivable that an extraterrestrial emissary for a Council of Nine really made contact with the United States government ? And if so , was his mission ultimately a failure ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that perhaps the Mysterious Nine succeeded in delivering a message to mankind through other , more receptive channels . CHILDRESS : Science fiction is preparing people for final contact . SALLA : Gene Roddenberry sat in and could ask questions of the Council of Nine . ATOR : Ossining , New York . 1958 . After his initial contact with the Nine , Dr. Andrija Puharich creates the Roundtable Foundation at his private estate . Various psychics and mediums are invited to channel the self-proclaimed Egyptian deities for a group of influential observers . PICKNETT : Puharich just simply carried on investigating psychic abilities . His idea almost certainly from the the beginning , was to hook , uh , big names , movers and shakers , writers , people who could ensure that the message of the Nine reached the top layer of society , but who could be trusted with a big secret . Among the participants in these meetings were Warren McCulloch , who was an early pioneer in cybernetics . Another was John J. Hammond , who was considered to be the student of Nikola Tesla . Henry A. Wallace , President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's secretary of agriculture and third term VP , was also a participant in these meetings . Ultimately , they appeared to be deeply interested in how the human mind can connect with the extraterrestrial mind . NARRATOR : One observer of the Roundtable Foundation , according to his writing assistant Jon Povill , was future Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry . Povill claims Roddenberry actively participated in the sessions , and that parts of the Star Trek television series may not be Roddenberry 's work at all , but directly inspired by the Mysterious Nine . Of all of the famous guests , Gene Roddenberry was one of the most gifted , and was a part of our team , taking notes and scoring information that he felt would eventually be used worldwide . What is exciting is some of what Gene saw there in our work together was produced in some of the episodes of Star Trek . Gene Roddenberry sat in and could ask questions of the psychics who were communicating with the Council of Nine . And I think this is where you get various ideas such as teleportation , warp drive . NOORY : In Star Trek , they have the Federation , and the Federation is responsible for governing planets all throughout the universe . That 's very possible that it 's happening here , that there 's a group that oversees Planet Earth . This higher power within the universe that is monitoring things on Earth . HELLYER : I don 't think there 's any doubt about the Federation being real . This is something that I 've heard since I first became interested in the subject of ufology . And I 've talked to hundreds of people who have had contacts , direct or indirect , with various individuals from one or more of the planets that are members of the Federation . NARRATOR : Set in the future , Star Trek chronicled a peaceful scientific mission to seek out and explore other planets in the Milky Way galaxy . Among the futuristic concepts revealed in the series , is the Federation 's Prime Directive- - their guiding principle that prohibits them with interfering with the development of a still evolving civilization . Researchers studying the Mysterious Nine have concluded that they may function in much the same way . WILCOCK : Roddenberry heard about the Prime Directive from these sessions . Now , what is the Prime Directive ? It 's the idea that an extraterrestrial race should not just show up and announce its identity to a fledging planet that has not yet achieved interstellar travel . An extraterrestrial group is not going to make themselves openly known until that society is ready for it , meaning until their development has naturally steered them in favor of the idea of extraterrestrial life , so it wouldn 't come as a great surprise , and it wouldn 't overly disrupt their existing social and political order . If we are being monitored by extraterrestrials , it seems to be that one reason why they don 't openly land on the White House lawn , is something very much like the Prime Directive . HELLYER : I think the Prime Directive is that they are not to interfere with us . That we were given the power of choice . And so that they have to let us exercise that choice which the creator gave us , even though we often choose very badly . Make the wrong decisions . That is our legacy . We 're allowed to do that . CHILDRESS : Is it possible that the nine extraterrestrial overlords don 't want to directly interfere in our society , but to guide us from behind the scenes ? You have to wonder if there 's not some truth to science fiction and television and movies and books , are a way of preparing people of the Earth for what 's coming . NARRATOR : Might there actually be some galactic truths found within the Star Trek series ? Truths that were shared with Gene Roddenberry through the sessions with the Mysterious Nine ? And if so , was this in an effort to assist humanity and guide us to a more peaceful future ? Or is there another aim altogether ? Perhaps one that prevents us from becoming a threat ? NARRATOR : Before he concluded his broadcast with RT Television Network in 2013 , former Canadian Defense Minister Paul Hellyer publically urged officials to reveal the truth about extraterrestrials overseeing Earth . This information is top secret in a way that the governments aren 't talking about it , but if you listen to the whistleblowers and the people who have worked in the industry , and , uh , who know what is going on , there is just a lot of information out there , and it doesn 't take very long to get your hands on it . The future of the world depends on us knowing what is going on . Not only in our own world , but in others that are monitoring us and attempting to influence us , for better or for worse . And there are people here who know a lot about that . McGOWAN : This idea that there are other entities , whether from other dimensions , other galaxies , other planets , who are actually controlling , or somehow influencing what is happening with life on Earth is fascinating , and we always have to ask that question , what is their agenda ? Is it benevolent ? Are they here to protect us , as Valiant Thor and the Nine originally said ? Or is there another agenda ? Is there an agenda to control us ? Is there an agenda to influence the way that we live in a negative way ? So you have to wonder if there is , in fact , some kind of extraterrestrial council that 's watching over Planet Earth . That they are here to look at our advancement and to warn us of possible catastrophes that may be occurring , and hopefully , we will heed their warnings . POPE : If we 're being monitored by extraterrestrials , if they 're watching human affairs , I think they would be very concerned about things that we might do that would destroy ourselves , and destroy the planet . And perhaps part of the alien agenda is our moral development as well as our technological development . Perhaps this is our ticket to join the galactic federation . PICKNETT : We might never know their ultimate purpose , but if this is an experiment , we should be very , very careful , because quite clearly , if they don 't like people challenging them , well , we 're doomed . NARRATOR : If there are , in fact , nine extraterrestrial entities overseeing Earth , are they here to help us , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? Or could they have a more sinister motive ? Perhaps the answer will only be revealed when they make contact once again , and when we ... are more ready to accept ... the truth . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS subrip , resync : romulus70
