 Horizon So aptly named . Both for it 's majesty and it 's grand power . 250,000 years ago one race united the entire galaxy , for the first time , in peace . But there is always the separatist one who will not join the whole . The Arioui a race of beings unlike any the Iconians had ever known , ... sought to lay waste to the galaxy and the Great Alliance , ... to rebuild it anew . They were cunning . One-by-one , they turned the galaxy against it 's protectors . And when the races of the Great Alliance turned their attention to destroying the wrongly accused Iconians , the Arioui secretly constructed their greatest weapon ... Comansour Hasaht , incoming gateway request . From who ? Preyopt Janyo . Our last defenses on Iconia have fallen . They 'll have taken the entire system by day 's end . And there 's something else . I saw an Arioui leading enemy troops . Did the refugee transports make it off Iconia ? I think one , but I can 't be sure . All the more reason to complete our mission . We 'll find a way to survive . We always do . We have to move the weapon to a safe location . I know you disagree . - I didn 't say that . - You don 't have to . You know better than anyone that violence begets violence every time . - The council made the decision . - The council is gone . We spent our entire lives , entire millenia , devoted to protecting life , and the same people that are part of the very alliance we created seek to destroy us . I don 't want to use the Horizon any more than you do . Even the thought of using an Arioui weapon is distasteful to me . But we must save the rest of our people . Gateway protocol complete . We must go to the Horizon and begin preparing . Shall I open a gateway to the Horizon , Comansour ? Yes , thank you . - I will miss your presence , Alaitah . - Yours as well , sir . Shutdown and prepare your systems for cold storage . I will do as you wish . Shall we ? Report ! 22 casualties reported so far , sir ! 15 fatal , 7 injuries ! Hull plating is down , warp drive is down . We have torpedoes but no phase cannons . Load all torpedo banks . You think the Romulans would risk staying in-system ? They 're waiting to make their move , you can be sure of it . Scan for any E.M. fluctuations or anything that might resemble a cloaking field . We can 't afford to have them get the drop on us . Aye , sir . Engineering , report ! Bridge , that last hit knocked out the port nacelle , coils are completely fried . Best I could give you is impulse . Somebody help me get that fire out before it reaches the antimatter injectors ! How far in-system are we ? We 're approximately 15 million kilometers from Saturn . We 're sitting ducks out here . - Captain , what 's going on ? - Sir ! 3 Romulan ships decloaking aft ! Friends of yours . Incoming transmission from the Romulans . Audio only . Let 's hear what they have to say . This is Admiral Verak , turn over the fugitive and the Romulan Star Empire may consider showing you leniency . Doesn 't exactly sound like a generous offer . The fugitive returns with me or dies on your ship ! I don 't particularly care which . Go to hell ! Captain , what can I do ? Do detonate the photonic torpedoes remotely ? Yes , sir . Amelia , take us into Saturn 's ring system , get us there as fast as you can . T 'mar , you know the Romulan ships better than anybody . Help Commander Gates find a way to mask the torpedoes signature from their sensors . I don 't think I can navigate the ring system . - We don 't have a choice . - Yes , sir . Lieutenant , try to keep them off our backs ! How 's it going ? If we jettison our warp plasma in the ring system , it should blind the Romulan sensors enough so the torpedoes appear as rock fragments . Intruder alert ! Take cover ! Engineering ! Come in ! Engineering ! Come in ! We 've got company down here ! Get a security team down there now ! Help is on the way , but we need you to eject the warp plasma . Can you make it to the controls ? Cover me ! How 's it going down there ? Just a few more seconds ! Somebody get her to sickbay , now ! You 're supposed to be a good pilot , now 's your chance . That 's it , drive plasma is released ! The Romulans are slowing down , the warp plasma is clouding their sensors . Now ! Come on . They 're almost in position . Now ! Status ? I 'm having a hard time getting a reading . Security , I am taking Lieutenant Yarris to sickbay . We are pinned down in section B5 . Security team is on its way . Hold your position ! We 're receiving a hail . I 'll give you credit , Captain . I underestimated you . But you 're out of options , and my offer of leniency no longer stands . What about your officers ? You 've still got men here ! Acceptable losses . He 's charging weapons ! Get us out of here ! Systems are down all over the ship , it 's a miracle we 're in one piece ! Captain , I 'm reading another ship . We 're receiving a transmission . It 's the Enterprise ! Captain Archer , your timing couldn 't be better . The Romulans are taking heavy damage ! T 'mar , get us out of here ! I can 't , the helm isn 't responding . The Romulans have gone to warp ! Damage report . Where do you want me to start ? Any more casualties ? Five , sir . Three fatal . Lieutenant Yarris ? Section B5 decompressed when we were hit with the last volley . They never made it . Were you successful in recapturing the fugitive ? No . Her alterations and involvement with the weapon make her a dangerous threat . The earth vessel Enterprise intervened at the last moment ! - The Enterprise ? - Yes . There was nothing we could do . You cannot allow this fugitive to live and report what she knows to the humans . I know that ! You would do well to remember your place . The fugitive must be stopped at all costs . Do I make myself clear ? Yes . Whatever it takes . How 's it looking ? It 's been a lot of work , the Romulans did quite a number . Well , I hope it was worth it . Worth it ? If it was up to me , I 'd toss her out an airlock . Excuse me ? - It 's just ... - It 's just what ? Is that what we do now ? People we don 't like , we just put them in an airlock ? I just was thinking ... I 'm going down and see Admiral Gardner . You let me know if you need anything . Admiral Gardner . Harrison , at ease . I 've been under a lot of pressure to finally put us on the offensive . I 'm sorry I haven 't had time to meet with you until now . I understand , sir . Please . You and your crew have been through a lot the past six months . I wish I could say that it gets easier . But it never does . No , sir . It doesn 't . I 've had a number of debriefings with T 'mar since you got back . She 's provided us with what promises to be very useful information . Promises to be ? She was part of a top secret program on Romulus . She 's very highly trained . The surgical alterations and genetic modifications were going to allow her to enter Starfleet . And perform recon on our offensive and defensive capabilities from the inside . How do we know that 's not what she 's doing right now ? That 's a fair question , and one we 're all asking . We 're keeping an eye on her , if she steps out of line , we 'll know it . However , that 's not the issue . The issue is the intel that she 's brought us . According to T 'mar , the Romulans are building a weapon of mass destruction . Two lightyears from earth . The Romulans would never risk building that close to earth . I admit , it seems a bit unlikely . But even the Vulcans are worried . They 're sending the S 'myr to investigate . It 's one of their fastest ships . Permission to speak freely , sir ? Go ahead ! The Vulcans - they advise us , but they don 't make decisions for us . The Vulcans are as much a member of this coalition as we are . We 're all in this together . And if the Vulcans find something , you 're sending us back out into the field again . It 's looking that way . If what T 'mar says is true , we must defend earth at all cost . Yes , sir . I 'm sorry , Harrison . I have nothing more . Dismissed . Oh , and Harrison , there is one other thing . This isn 't gonna be a popular decision , but if this turns out to be true , T 'mar is going to be your new helm officer , at least temporarily . We 're giving her a commission of lieutenant . She 'll be filling Lieutenant Yarris ' spot . Computer , begin again . Level 4 Computer , end session . I was just leaving . No wait . I 'm sorry ! I don 't mean to be rude , it 's just ... it 's just ... Not easy being in the same room with a Romulan ? 17 years ago , when I first took up service with the empire , my father wanted to teach me a lesson ... show me how a Tal 'Shiar operative takes care of business . He took me to an interrogation he was conducting . The prisoner had committed treason , I don 't remember exactly what the crime was . Afterwards , I had never seen a man so proud . He looked at me with a determination I 'd never seen before , and said " for the empire " . Not easy being in the same room with a Romulan ? Nobody knows that better than me . Ensign , everything okay ? Yeah , we were just talking . What are you doing here ? I figured I should get into some shooting practice . - If we 're going to be re-deployed ... - Not you . The same , but I was just leaving . What would you need to practice with our weapons for ? Goodbye , sir . You 're sure you 're alright ? I 'm fine . I 've got to go . Are you coming to the get-together tonight ? I 'm not sure , I 'll be able to make it , but have a nice time . Thank you . Hey . Hey , how was the trip ? Alright . Is this everybody ? I suppose if you wanted to invite T 'mar , she 's technically senior staff now . Marie , feel free to help yourself to a drink . Now that we 're all here ... I thought it 'd be nice if we took a moment to remember those we 've lost , and to share a toast to their memory . Here here . Captain , would you like to say anything ? Well it 's been hard for me for all of us . Six months on a mission , to bring back T 'mar , on a whim that it might change the tide of the war in our favor . We lost a lot of good people . I 'm trying , and honestly I 'm having a very hard time ... but I 'm trying to remember what it is that we stand for . And why those good people had to give their lives . And I have to hope something good will come from it . Amelia was always good at that . I think if we had ship counselors , they 'd talk to her instead of the counselors . She always managed to stay positive . Even in the darkest time . To Lieutenant Yarris . It 's funny you mention that , Amelia being so positive ... First time we had lunch ... It was in her quarters . We were both new to the ship , and she fit in so well , but ... I didn 't . She decided that we 're gonna have lunch together once a week and we 're gonna become best of friends . She has had a way with people , you know . She was so kind , she wanted everyone to be happy . What 's going on ? What do you mean ? I know you well enough to know when something is on your mind . Other than the obvious . It 's nothing . Yeah ? You know me . We 've been friends for a long time . You know how important duty is to me . Starfleet , what we do ... So you know I 'd be the last person to condone a relationship between a C.O. and a subordinate . You and Lieutenant Yarris ? It was more than that ... Everything Marie said was true . That was Amelia , she was ... It wasn 't just some fling . You have to understand that . Nineteen years ago before I joined Starfleet I was engaged to a boomer . Her father was ill , so she was gonna take over as captain of their freight hauler . Typical run is four years two way . We had these grand dreams , build our live in space , travel distant worlds ... On her last run with her father as captain , they were attacked by raiders . They stole all their supplies , their antimatter ... They were stranded . Were they ever found ? Two years later . Not long after that`s when I joined Starfleet . It was the only way I knew how to look for the people who did it . ... make them pay . So , did you ever find them ? No . I 'm sorry ... I didn 't know that . I haven 't told anyone before . It 's just that I never thought I could feel that way again ... Thought you should know . Amelia ! Amelia ! Move ! Find me , Harrison ! Save me ! We 've got to get you to sickbay . You need to find me ! What are you talking about ? Find me ! There 's more in stake than you know . Find me ! Jackson , come in ! Jackson , come in ! What is it ? I need to see you on the ship right away . So , what do you think ? I think it 's five in the morning . Some of the results I 'm getting are a bit strange . How so ? Quantum dating puts the age of the cube at - 900 or so years , that shouldn 't happen . Quantum dating doesn 't give negative numbers . It 's happened before . When ? After the first Xindi attack , Captain Archer quantum dated a piece of their weapon . The numbers read in the negative . So ? It was from the future . You 're saying you think this is from the future ? I 'm saying ... it 's happened before . Where did you find it ? In a wall ... I literally put my hand through a solid wall and I pulled this out . Doesn 't happen every day . I knew there was a reason why I had you as my science officer . I do my best . I 'm not getting anything here . Hawke . Captain . Get down here immediately ! Right away , sir . I guess I 'm just not getting any sleep tonight . Admiral , Ambassador . What 's going on ? We 're getting telemetry from the S 'myr , the Vulcan ship that was sent out . Five ships , two base structures ... I thought you said that this was in the early stage of construction ? Believe me , I 'm just as surprised as you are . I thought I had the most up-to-date information . - Apparently not . - There 's more ... The S 'myr is detecting strong gravimetric distortions from the main starbase , most likely from the weapon itself . All encased in a thermobaric cloud barrier that wasn 't there before . Side-effect of the gravimetric distortions ? Possibly . How does this weapon work ? What can you tell us ? I don 't know . I wasn 't given that information . What exactly do you know ? All I know is the initial projections , that everyone involved with the project was given , that it could potentially destroy entire systems . Obviously this must be stopped at all costs . Enterprise was on it 's way out of the system to rendezvous with a Vulcan battle group when they assisted you . We 've recalled them immediately . We 're putting everyone we 've got on the repairs of the NX-04 . It 'll be ready to launch in a week . Sorry put you back out there so soon , Captain . But we don 't have a choice . Yes , sir . I 'll head back to the NX-04 and oversee the repairs myself . Anything you need - you got it . One week . Thanks , sir . Captain 's Log , June 21st , 2160 . None of us were ready to be back in space this soon , especially for a combat mission . But the crew are handling it well , and if I 'm being honest , better than I expected . Better than me . I know I don 't want to be back in the field this soon , and I 'm sure they don 't either ... But they 're doing their duty . I couldn 't be more proud to be serving with them . How 's it going ? I think we 're just about ready down here . It 's been moving almost faster than I can keep track of , we got new antimatter injectors , warp coils , plasma manifolds ... Rumor is we 'll be able to sustain warp 5.7 if we have to . I like the sound of that . If you get a chance check out the armory . Tom 's pretty excited about some of the upgrades we 're getting . That 's my next stop . Captain , you 're gonna love this . What have you got for me . In addition to what we had , four new phase cannon arrays , an extended complement of photon torpedoes , and my personal favorite ... Tricobalt torpedoes . Prototypes . Starfleet has barely had time to test them , but the initial results place the yield at 2.5 times than if a single photon torpedo . Sounds like we 'll be able to hold our own against the Romulans . Yes , sir , I believe so . There 's one other thing . Prototype phase compression rifle . Compression rifle ? Yes , sir . It works by literally compressing the energy which allows for a much higher particle density per single shot , thereby increasing the yield up to three times that of a normal phase rifle . I like it . How many do we have ? Four , sir . Romulans ought to like that . Keep me posted . I 'm going to bridge . I 'll be there straight away , sir . Are you getting acclimated ? Most helm controls are more or less the same , it 's just remembering where everything is . I 've been in here for the last four days day and night trying to make sure they get everyting right . Did they ? Your crews are very well-trained , Captain , even by Romulan standards . Glad to hear it . Gentlemen . - Captain . - Sir . Captain , we 're receiving a transmission from Admiral Gardner . Let 's see it . Captain , how are you doing ? I 'm good , sir ... ready to get the show on the road . I 'm glad to hear it , because I think Enterprise and the Vulcans are too . Care to wish us luck , sir ? All the luck in the world , Captain ... for all our sakes . No pressure . See you in a few days . All hands , this is the captain . We 're about to get under way . I know that we 're preparing to go into a dangerous situation , but we 've done the work and we are ready . Those of you who have been with us , and those of you who are new to the crew ... I couldn 't be more proud to be serving with you . All of you ! We have a job to do , now let 's get started . Lieutenant T 'mar , take us out . Lieutenant , maximum warp . You cannot allow the Coalition to stop construction of the weapon . They 're bringing a fleet ! You said this would not happen ! The future is not set in stone , I can only read significant changes in the timeline . When will you be ready to fire ? The weapon is nearly finished , but I fear they will arrive before it 's ready . You must hold this location . The future of the Romulan people is in your hands , Admiral . Do not forget that . How you get along with the crew ? Well enough . Ensign Sutherland seems intimidated by me , but she appears to be open minded , we 've spoken a few times . I 'm glad to hear it . The rest will come around . What we 're about to go into , this mission ... it will almost certainly require the use of deadly force . I need to know you 're prepared to do whatever is necessary . Even against your own people . Captain , I am fully committed to what I 'm doing . I wouldn 't be here if I wasn 't . There 's still one thing I don 't understand . Why are you so committed to helping us ? I 've had doubts , about my people 's ways . I buried them for a long time . But when I first saw myself after the procedure , I realized what I alone represented . The annihilation of another people for no reason . I doubt I 'm the first to want to change , but I 'm the first to step out and do something about it . It took the same effort from a few good people on earth to make a change . I just hope my people can learn from their mistakes before it 's too late . Me too . Did you see that ? What ? That ! We 're experiencing extreme gravimetric distortions . What about the rest of the fleet ? Vulcans are reporting damage and minor casualties . The Enterprise is reporting minor damage as well . We can 't keep this up ! Are you seeing this ? Am I seeing what ? The thermobaric cloud barrier has grown over 5,000 kilometers since the Vulcans first picked it up over a week ago . I 'm picking up gravimetric distortions coming from inside . I 've never seen this on any star charts . That 's because it wasn 't here before . The Masar was just hit by an extreme distortion , they 're falling back . Do they need assistance ? They sustained heavy damage and casualities . They 're withdrawing to earth . We 're entering the thermobaric cloud barrier . Things are gonna get a bit bumpy . All hands , brace for impact . Captain , I 'm picking something up on the sensors . What is it ? There 's a clearing ahead , Romulan warp signatures . Can we get a look at it ? Here we go ! Open up a channel to the battle group . This is Captain Hawke , the starbase is just ahead . Let 's get started . Three more ships coming in from aft , all Romulan ! Open fire ! Photonic torpedoes and phase cannons ! Captain , if you like trying something crazy ? What have you got ? It 's on your screen . I always like crazy . Relay it to the other ships . Discovery to fleet . Prepare to initiate tactical maneuver Alpha One . Engineering , we need all power to forward hull plating . Take it from life support if you have to ! You 've got it ! Lieutenant , be ready ! Now ! Two down , one to go . Come about ! They 're retreating , joining the main battle group . Hawke to all ships , form up . We need to stay on them . The Coalition ships are here ! If they break through our main lines the weapon could be at risk . Then you must activate the weapon now . It isn 't ready . It is your only choice , the fate of Romulus rests in your hands . Admiral Verak to control center . Begin the activation sequence . Captain , I 'm detecting an energy buildup from the center of the clearing . - The weapon ? - It 's possible . I thought it wasn 't ready ? I thought it wasn 't ! Put it onscreen . Hawke to all ships . When we enter the clearing we need to make a break for the Starbase . We need you to cover us . All ships report ready , sir . Lieutenant , load the tricobalt torpedoes . We need to see if these weapons are as good as they 're supposed to be . Ready . Here we go ! Status ? Almost there ! Captain , we 're receiving a transmission from the L 'sek , they 're taking heavy damage . Tell them to hold out as long as they can ! It 's too late . We 're in range ! Fire at will ! We 're barely making a dent in their shields ! Magnify the top of the starbase . I don 't know about you but that looks like a vital system to me . Captain , the Vulcan flagship is sustaining heavy damage , they won 't last much longer . Tell Enterprise we can handle this , have them assist the Vulcans . Lock onto those coordinates , tricobalt torpedoes . Fire ! Report ? Massive secondary explosions . I think we did ... Jackson ! I 'm reading a massive gravimetric distortion forming in the wake of the explosion . T 'mar , get us out of here ! Engines are at maximum , we 're caught in the distortion . We 're being pulled in ! Are the Vulcans still out there ? Can they lock onto us with a tractor beam ? Can 't get get a read on anything ! If we 're going to do something we 'd better ... I 've lost control of the helm . Everybody out ! Now ! Engineering to bridge . We 're evacuating down here ! Hull plating is gone , we have breaches on decks D , E , and F ! This is the captain , all hands abandon ship . I repeat , all hands abandon ship ! Comm is down ! Systems are coming back online . - Brooks to bridge . - Bridge here . The distortions appear to have stopped . I 'm to do a full systems check . Let me know what you find out . Tom , the Romulans ? They 're not there . What do you mean they 're not there ? They 're just gone . There are no ships within our sensor range . There is something out there . Captain , maybe the better question is : where are we ? I belive Ensign Sutherland is correct . But these readings can 't be right . I 'm also not recognizing any of these star configurations outside of the nebula . Wherever we are , it 's in a star cluster that neither humans nor Romulans have discovered . - How 's that possible ? - I have no idea . Jackson ? I don 't know either . The best I can tell is that we were caught in some sort of subspace tear . As to how we survived it or why we were brought here ? What about this system ? There 's a G-class star and the planet . The planet is M-class , no life signs . But there is something else . Aside from the fact that this monument would suggest someone once was here , it 's also sitting on a huge power source . Captain , I recommend that we take a team down to the surface of the planet . We will , but first ... Jackson , I want a status report . I want to know what happened . Tom , I want to know what weapons we have and what needs fixing . I want to know what 's on that planet . We have to assume that it 's somehow all related . And I 'm not leaving this ship until I know what we do and don 't have . Briefing in one hour . I know we 're fresh out of spacedock , but we 're not in good shape . We blew out EPS relays across the ship , grav plating is down on G-deck , hull breaches on E and F , I may be able to get us operational in 5 days . But that is bare minimum . We don 't have 5 days , we need to get back in the fight . Does it really matter ? We don 't even know where we are . I may have something on that . I 've been analyzing the star configurations beyond this system . I was finally able to get a visual on something familiar . My God ! That is the Milky Way galaxy . How is that even possible ? I 'm not sure . Tom , have you heard anything about malfunctions or issues with the tricobalt torpedoes ? They 're experimental , still in testing , but Starfleet wanted us to have them . Why ? When they impacted with the Romulan station , they had an unintended side effect . From what I can tell , the warheads actually tore a hole in subspace that was magnified many times over by the extreme gravimetric distortions being emitted by the station . So the subspace tear transported us hundreds of thousand of lightyears away . Why here ? There is one thing the Romulan weapon and this planet have in common . Unusually high gravimetric distortions . So you 're saying that the Romulan weapon is somehow connected to this planet ? It could just be a fluke , but it does seem a bit coincidental . Right now it 's all we 've got . How are we on transporters ? I can try to have them back online in a day . T 'mar , I want to take a shuttle to the surface . I wouldn 't recommend that , Captain . The atmosphere is saturated with ionizing particles . There 's a strong possibility the gas could be ignited by the shuttle 's engines . How strong a possibility ? I 'd rather not try it unless we have to . Alright . Jackson , Marie . When the transporters are back online , we 'll head down to the surface and check out the monument . Sir ? We might need your language skills if there 's anything on the monument that needs to be decoded . Yes , sir . Captain , I may not be able to bring a shuttle down , but I could still be of service . How so ? If this is a Romulan weapon or plan , I may be useful . I 'd advise against that . Commander . Look where we are , you can 't tell me this is just coincidence . That 's enough , Commander . T 'mar , I 'll need you back here on the ship . Dismissed ! Commander . We have to resolve this , now . Excuse me ? Whatever problems you have with me . We aren 't gonna be able to get through this if we can 't work together . What is your problem with me ? I have repairs to make . Captain , everthing allright ? Chief More - yes , thank you ! Everything 's fine . How is it in engineering ? Good , sir . Great . Keep up the good work . Carry on . Yes , sir . Captain , what are you doing down here ? Trying to make myself useful . Don 't worry about that , I got people on this . Yeah , but they won 't be by until morning . I thought I 'd get a head start . Not bad . I should have you added to my staff . I 'll put in a request to Admiral Gardner for a transfer . Hey , can I ask you a question as a friend ? Yeah , what is it ? I 'm pretty sure that most people on the ship have issues with T 'mar . But it really seems to be eating you up . Deneva Colony ... What about it ? My girlfriend was aboard NX-03 when it was destroyed in orbit . I 'm sorry , I didn 't know . I was gonna propose , I knew she 'd say yes . We 've been talking about it for some time . I knew it 'd be a problem with us both serving in Starfleet . I just assumed one of us were to resign our commission . You know , if things were going different , Captain , you 'd have a different chief engineer . I 'm sorry , Francis . It wasn 't in your file , I didn 't know . Just trying to keep it a secret . If it 's any consolation , I know how you feel . A long time ago , someone I loved was killed . And for a long time ... I dedicated myself to finding those who did it . Did you ? I wish I hadn 't . It was as if my life fell away , and in a single moment I betrayed everything that I stood for . Everything I thought humanity should be . I 've tried very hard to remain objective during this mission . But who we are and what we are we should never lose that ! I 'll try my best . I 'd better get back to work . Well , we 're in one piece . I guess my fixes worked . Pretty soon I 'll be out of a job . Good luck , Captain . These readings are ... What ? There 's enough energy running underneath this monument to power ten NX class star ships . What could provide that type of power ? I have no idea . Marie ! Come take a look at this . Can you quantum date the structure ? Yeah ... second . Quantum dating puts this structure at just over ... 250,000 years old . Interesting . There 's a repeating pattern to these symbols . Maybe some sort of numerical system . I think this is a tri-modal syntax based on these repeating symbols . I got it ! Reem 'tar . - Horizon . - Horizon ? You 've been scanned to determine basic physiological and mental attributes , including language structure so the importance of this message may be properly conveyed to you . This monument is built not to our greatness nor our memory , but to our failure . It is here that my wife and I , the last of our kind that we knew of , lived our final days . As we did , you stand on a world built for destruction , the ultimate antithesis of what it meant to be an Iconian . Where we sought to protect life , the Arioui sought to turn our allies against us , to destroy and take for their own . We wasted what little time we had left on trying to turn their weapon against them . We should have removed this place from existence the moment we laid our eyes on it . I just wish my wife were here with me now . Perhaps we will meet again , at the edge of the universe . One can hope . Well , that was ominous . The structure must have been hidden in some sort of large cloaking barrier . Sir , do you really think this is a good idea ? Do you have a better one , Ensign ? I agree , sir . Just because we don 't have a better one doesn 't mean this is a good one . We have no idea what could be in there . Do you show anything on your scans ? No , sir . Discovery , we 've found a large structure . We 're going in to investigate . Yes , sir . It just appeared on scanners . Be careful in there . Hawke to Discovery . Discovery , come in . Jackson ! I don 't know ! I 've never seen anything like this . The lift removes temporal anomalies . It can be ... unsetteling . Try them again . Channel open . Captain Hawke , this is Discovery . Do you copy ? Captain , come in ! Close the channel . How long ago did they disappear from sensors ? 30 minutes now . Maybe we should take a team to the surface , check on them . I agree , sir . So happened to them could happen to you . No , I don 't think so . We need to find a way to recon the situation . Yeah , and how can we do that ? We 'll think of something ! Oh really ? Just like that ? Wait , I 'm receiving a transmission . Audio only . Let 's hear it . Commander Brooks , nice to make your acquaintance . Who am I speaking with ? I 'm going to dismiss with the rest of the formalities , Commander , and get straight to the point . I have your captain , comm officer , and science officer . If you make any attempt to rescue them or communicate with them , I will kill them and then destroy your ship . - Commander . - What ? I would wager that he 's going to kill them whether or not we attempt to mount a rescue . Have you gotten any scans on the interior of that structure since it last appeared ? Some , it 's massive , but if we can get a transporter lock on the Captain , we might be able to beam them out . Good . I 'll work on boosting power to the transporter . Tom , you have the bridge . T 'mar , work on boosting our sensor resolution . Glad to see I didn 't forget to set the disruptor to stun . Who are you ? My name is Daekon . Are you responsible for the Romulan weapon ? Have a guess , Captain . I think there 's too much lining up for it to be a coincidence . You are in vast need of a reality check , Captain . Computer , open your outer hatches . What is this place ? Horizon . So aptly named . Both for it 's majesty and it 's grand power . The Arioui , a race of beings unlike any the Iconians have ever known , constructed this world , a weapon , over 250,000 years ago . They fully intended to mop up the remains of the Iconian 's " Grand Alliance " with it . At the last second , the Iconians moved this entire world to another galaxy . The Horizon ... lost to all of history until now . The hologram at the monument , was the Iconians ? His name was Commansour Hasaht . Their end was somewhat poetic , actually . While attempting to reprogram the tower 's defense drones they missed a hidden protocol in the code . The drones turned on them and killed them . A mistake I was careful not to repeat . So , you gave me a reality check , but why are you doing this ? Your vessel , your crew . How did you find this place ? We 're here by mistake . I believe you . So what now ? Now , I suppose you can stay and watch . Watch what ? I want you to know what it feels like when your world burns like mine did . What ? In the 24th century , Romulus was destroyed . All while the Federation sat by and did nothing . Now what few of us are left are scattered across the Alpha Quadrant . The 24th century ? This is the 28th century . And it is here where you will watch while your entire future is destroyed . That is the only reason you are still alive . I 've boosted the sensors as much as I 'm going to be able to , and with a stroke of luck , several large hatches opened which allowed me to scan deeper into the surface . From what I can tell the structure is massive . It protrudes into underground caverns . Any luck locating our people ? 3 human lifesigns , in the underground chambers . But there are extensive metal deposits in the surrounding rocks . Which is going to make it nearly impossible to get a transporter lock . - What if we try something else ? - What 'd you have in mind ? Low risk , we try to beam down communicators and weapons . If we can 't get them out directly , at least we can lend a hand . Let 's do it . Harrison . Find me . Hello ? Is there somebody there ? Discovery , come in . Discovery ! Captain , you there ? - Yes , is everything alright up there ? - Yes , sir . We 're going to get you out of there , but can 't get a clear enough lock to beam you and the others out . Can you get me a scanner and a weapon ? Hold on , sir . Tom , I 'd like some more firepower just incase . Can you send me one of those phase compression rifles ? And an extra phase pistol . Yes , sir . I 'm getting an energy reading from the structure . What is it ? It looks like some sort of objects are separating from the main structure . Put it up . They look like attack drones . I 'd say that 's exactly what they are . Tactical alert , load photonic torpedoes . Stand back ! It 's good to see you . You too . I guess yours wasn 't as nice as mine . What are you talking about ? Nothing . Let 's go get Marie . T 'mar , you think we can make it through that radiation ? I can try . Hawke to Discovery . I 've found Jackson and Marie . We 're going to try to get out of this structure . If you don 't hear from me in ten minutes , you hit this place with everything you 've got ! I 'm not gonna leave you down there ! That 's an order , Commander ! Captain ! I think I found a way out of here ! Well what is it ? Just down that corridor is some kind of antigravity platform . It 's the best we 've got . I 'll cover you . Go ! Any time ! Discovery , can you get a lock on us ? Not yet , there 's still interference , you need to get further from the tower . We 'll do our best . Can 't this thing go any faster ? This isn 't exactly a starship ! Did you get them ? Commander ? I got them , they 're safe and sound . I don 't know about sound . Oh God , come on ! How is she ? Doc says he doesn 't know if she 'll make it . I wish we had more time to worry about Marie , but we have to deal with Daekon . Jackson , have you informed them of the situation ? Yes , sir . T 'mar , what do you think about this ? He is a Romulan . I 've never even heard of Daekon . And I 'm as clueless as you are . I 'm guessing any information about Daekon or the fact that he 's from the 28th century is highly restricted information in the Imperial Senate . I figured as much ... We have to put a stop to this . Where are we with weapons and hull plating ? I can give you phase cannons or torpedoes , but I can 't give you both . Most I can give you on hull plating is 50 % . That 's if we 're lucky . Captain , if you 're considering a frontal assault , I 'm not sure that would be the best idea . From the scans I took of the structure while inside , it 's highly shielded . And even if our weapons could damage or destroy it , I 'm not sure we 'd be able to get past the drones . Captain . Why hasn 't Daekon just destroyed us and gone about his business ? I think I can answer that . From what I can tell , the weapon has a long recharge time . It seems the gravimetric distortions are a direct side-effect of the weapon , and since we got here they 've dropped off significantly and have been slowly rising again . I don 't think it can simply be fired like a torpedo . Well , at least we 'll have a warning sign if he intends to use it again . But we can 't count on it . You all know the severity of the situation . We 've been through a lot these last couple of days . Hell , the last six months . Get some rest , we need you clear-headed . Dismissed ! Harrison ! Harrison ! Find me , Harrison ! Save me ! Find me , Harrison ! We gotta get you to sickbay . You must protect the timeline ! Protect the timeline ! Find me , Harrison ! There 's more in stake than you know . Find me ! Amelia ! Hey ! How ? We gotta get you to sickbay . No , I 'll be fine . We have a lot to talk about . You look ... I feel - terrible . Dermal regeneration will only do so much for you . Dermal regeneration ? There are some things we need to talk about before anything else . I 'm all ears . There 's no easy way to say this . Say what ? My assignment to Discovery wasn 't by chance . Your dreams after you thought I 'd died weren 't an accident . I don 't really follow . I 'm a temporal agent . I 'm not from your time . I was sent to Discovery because your time period is a major front in the Temporal Cold War . I know it 's a lot to take in . So what you 're saying is ... This ship , crew ... us was just an assignment , a job ? It started out as an assignment . But you have to know that my time here and and the way that I feel about you ... It became so much more than an assignment . So , assuming what you say is true ... Why me ? Why Discovery ? Why not Enterprise ! They 're the ones that ended the Temporal Cold War . Because the Enterprise is too important to risk at this point . I get it , the ship that has a footnote in history is expendable . I wouldn 't put it that way . What about the dreams ? I encoded them into your subconscious while you were sleeping . In case anything happened , you 'd hopefully be able to activate the beacon before it was too late . We 're in the 28th century ... We were trying to destroy the Romulan weapon , when we got caught in some sort of gravimetric distortion that pulled us here . Romulan weapon ? It could have been devestating . The Romulans aren 't supposed to have that sort of technology in this time period . What is it ? I 'm sorry if I woke you , sir , but I couldn 't sleep . Could you come down to engineering ? It 's important . I 'll be there right away , besides I 've someone here who 'd like to say hello . You feel up to taking a walk ? Yeah . I think I can manage . I recommend that we keep this information on a need-to-know basis . What kind of story would you like to make up this time ? I think we can trust the senior staff . Amelia ? Hey ! Reports of my death have been over-exaggerated ... but not by much . How are you here ? The section you were in decompressed to space . Look , I know you all have questions , but it 's a long story . We 'll explain at the briefing in the morning . So , what do you have for us ? I assume you called me down here at 4 in the morning for something ? Yes . It 's not everyday you see a ghost . Francis ? Right ... We have a theory on how we got here . We know the gravimetric wave concentration was much higher when we arrived , which is when the rift formed . We think the distortions from the Romulan weapon and this planet were somehow linked , essentially acting like a magnet , pulling us through space and time . After studying the subspace tear , the only answer I keep coming back to is that the tricobalt devices must have had an irreparable flaw that caused them to have unpredictable effects on subspace . In the case of mixing with this kind of gravimetric distortion , we have seen what the side effect is . Do you think you could recreate the subspace tear ? Well that 's what we 're hoping for . Whatever 's generating the distortions seems to be consistently building a charge , but it 's just not strong enough to open a rift . Good work , it 's a start . Amelia , I want a report on everything you know about the Temporal Cold War and this situation . Briefing in two hours . Yes , sir . Amelia ? Whatever is going on , just wanted you to know .. It 's good to have you back . Thanks , you know it 's really good to be back . I 'd better get started . All of this has been classified top secret by Starfleet and remains in this room . Until now it has been privy only to ship captains and admirals . Amelia . I am from the 31st century . We have technology that allows us to travel through time with the ease you travel through space . Obviously it was very quickly realized how dangerous this technology could be , so Temporal Accords were put into place , outlawing the use of the technology for anything other than observation of the timeline . There are groups that have broken these accords and seek to bend the timeline to their own will with total disregard for the consequences . The Temporal Cold War . It was officially ended five years ago , and all groups brought to justice , with the exception of one . Until recently we have been unable to locate him or ascertain his identity . I believe this man on the surface , Daekon , is the last fugitive from the Temporal Cold War . Any questions ? I think we can destroy the Horizon by overloading it 's central power matrix . I agree , it 's the best way . The good news is that since the weapon has been building a charge , I 've noticed a significant drop in the strength of the dampening field that was blocking our transporters . Should be able to transport you right into the living room . Good . Tom , I 'll be taking you and Amelia down to the surface where we are going to try to overload the Horizon from the inside . Francis , I want your people working double time , do whatever you have to . If this doesn 't work , we 'll need everything we can muster to try and take it out from orbit . Jackson , work with Francis on trying to recreate the subspace tear . It 's me honest , I don 't know how this is going to work out . But we have a job to do . And no matter what ... people are counting on us . Any questions ? Jackson , when we go down to the surface , if for whatever reason we can 't complete our objective I want you to try to take that tower out by any means necessary . Understood ? Yes , sir . Amelia , Tom ! Transporter room in one hour . Dismissed ! Have you come to kill me , Captain ? I can 't allow you to use that weapon . It is not only a weapon , it is a temporal observatory . One even unlike what our friend from the 31st century has seen . Don 't bother denying it . The temporal signature of everyone in the room is logged by the computer . Would make sense . Looks like this place doubles as an observatory . Scan the timeline , send a message to the past , change things from afar . What is this ? The destruction of Romulus . If a change is implemented over time - a series of small changes - then time ripples outward , affecting the past and the future in waves . But if one tries to change too much at any given time , the fabric of space and time fractures , and a new universe is born . What 's your point ? I 've worked a lifetime for this , giving the Romulans of your day just enough to finish the weapon , to change my future . All using a technology that even the legendary Iconians couldn 't master . And even they , for all their intelligence , could 'nt sustain their union of peace . And here you are , repeating their mistakes with your precious Federation . It is sickening . Allowing your species to become so tainted and dilluted that yours is as dead as mine . I will not stand for that , Captain . I cannot stand for that . It is a numbers game . Your people for mine , your union for my empire . It is as simple as that . Discovery , come in . Discovery here , Captain . Carry out your orders . One way or another , this ends here . Where did he go ? Francis . Load the photonic torpedoes . Yes , sir . Target the tower . Loaded and ready , sir . T 'mar , you think you can handle getting us in without burning up the atmosphere ? Where is he ? He is above us . That can 't be good . Power is being shunted to that station . What was that ? Gravimetric distortions , lots of them . Keep this heading ! This looks similar to an intergravic platform we run before . Can you use it ? Yeah , I think so . Jackson ! Yeah ! You need to destroy this place at all cost ! I 'm doing my best ! The gravimetric distortions are tearing us apart . Jackson ! Discovery , come in ! Daekon ! It 's over ! Take cover ! The distortions are subsiding . I think we 're in some kind of bubble generated by the tower . Let 's see it . Zoom in . Torpedoes . Ready . Target those things , take them out as soon as we 're in range . If we 're going to do something , we 'd better do it soon ! You hear that ? Sorry about that , Captain . Would you like a lift ? Take Amelia and Tom , I still have to set the overload sequence . Harrison , wait ! I can read Romulan . I 've a much better chance of disabling this thing than you do . See you on the ship Lieutenant . Good luck , Captain . Daekon ! You don 't have a choice anymore . Either you stop or we 'll destroy this place . Do you really want to die alone in the middle of nowhere like the last Iconians ? The Iconians held such high standards for everyone else , but what did it get them ? Think about the hologram at the monument . They died on this world . Do you really think they left it as a monument to themselves ? To their greatness ? If the Iconians had truly learned from the past , they wouldn 't have tried to save the most powerful weapon ever created for themselves . It 's building a charge . Two minutes . The Iconian gateway . Impressive ! I have to stay here . What ? I can overload the power systems , cause a self destruct . I 'll do it . I 'm the logical choice , I can read Romulan . I can go through the gate at the last second . But you 'll end up God knows where or when . I can find my way back . I 'm not new to this . 60 seconds . If you go right now you 'll have just enough time to open the rift and get back . Discovery ! One to beam up . Where 's Amelia ? She 's staying behind . Tricobalt torpedoes . Prepare to fire . Aye , sir . Let 's go home . The rift appears to be stable . T 'mar ? 3,000 meters ... 2,000 ... The tower is going critical . Aft cameras ! Compensating for the distortions this time . Sending to your station T 'mar . Faster ! I 'm trying . We 're almost through , the gravimetric field is beginning to destabilize . The field is collapsing ! Captain , star charts show that we 're in the right place . But the barometric cloud barrier , the distortions , nebulae , they 're all gone . Looks like Amelia might have been succesful . Any ships ? Is the Enterprise still out there ? The Vulcans ? Scanning . Captain , I 'm picking up some transmissions . Faint , narrow band . Let 's hear it . Can you clear it up ? Working on it . Sir , I have the Enterprise on the sensors . They 're running on reserve power , warp engines are down , they 're in bad shape . The Vulcans ? One Vulcan ship adrift , the Kurok . Very faint life signs . Set a course for Enterprise . Transport all Vulcan survivors here . Jackson , open up a communication channel . Discovery to Enterprise . Can you read me ? Enterprise , come in . Enterprise here . Enterprise , glad to hear that you 're ok . We 're sending over repair teams and medical supplies right away . Hawke out . Jackson , coordinate with Francis to get the teams over to the Enterprise . Yes , sir . Any luck on the transmissions ? I think I 'm getting it now . What is it ? A faint signal from a transponder in the Romulan debris . It 's a message being transmitted on loop . I managed to clear it up . Let 's hear it . The human Coalition has destroyed the weapon before it could be activated . We must not allow this pestulence to grow further . Destroy that transponder , now ! If they send their entire fleet , then everything you 've accomplished will be for nothing . I wish I had a solution . But we 're operating in the dark here . I have a meeting with the Vulcans , Andorians , and Tellerites later today . Word is the Romulans are amassing a force in the Cheron system . Will you be deploying us , sir ? You did a hell of a job , Harrison . I know practically no one more deserving of a rest . Thank you , sir . It wasn 't exactly what we expected . You handled it well . You and your crew have been an excellent asset to Starfleet . Thank you . If all goes well , a fleet of Vulcan , Andorian , Tellerite , and some of our own ships including Discovery and Enterprise will be deployed to the Cheron system . It says here you 're transferring T 'mar ? Yes , that 's right . The assignment 's over . May I make a request , sir ? Sure ! I 'd like to keep T 'mar at the helm . Really ? Yes , sir . Allright . Thank you . T 'mar . You got a second ? I 'm really not in the frame of mind for your usual attitude , - so if you ... - Just hear me out . I wanted to say ... I regret some of the things that happened between us . Is that all ? I 'm trying to apologize . So apologize . Sir . Look ... I don 't know if I 'm able to change over night . Or if I 'll be able to accept things . I want you to know that I 'm trying . And I am sorry for some of the things I 've said and done . Thank you ! Before you say anything , yes it 's really me . No implanted dreams or visions . How ? I took the Iconian gateway offworld just before the tower was destroyed . I have no idea where I was , but I activated my beacon , much like you did and I was retrieved by people from my time . All in a day 's work . What is it ? My superiors don 't know I 'm here . I can 't stay . I needed to let you know that I 'm okay . And that I really do care about you . If things were different ... I ... actually understand . I just wish it didn 't have to be this way . Me too . Are things any different in your time ? Are we really any better ? I can 't say too much , I don 't want to contaminate the timeline more than I already have . But I can tell you that the Coalition of Planets leads to a great alliance . I am actually part Romulan . A small part . But my great-grandfather was Romulan . My grandmother was 1 / 8th Cardassian ... my mother was human ... my father was human , more or less . The Federation that Daekon mentioned ? It is destined for so much more than you realize . So , we 're on the same path as the others ? What do you mean ? Romulans , Vulcans , humans and Iconians ... At our core , are we really any different ? I 'm sorry , I have to go . If I stay any longer , someone might notice . Will we ever see each other again ? I wish I could say that we would . Perhaps we will . At the edge of the universe . I 'd like that . One can hope . English subtitles by Andreas Amlinger
