 ( MUSIC PLAYING ) ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) My name was Milo Rodricks . Not that it matters anymore . I 'm ... I was an astrophysicist . I 've lived more than a lifetime and ... And I can smell Pop-Tarts . I 'm the last human being enjoying his last sensory pleasure . I got a favor to ask . Don 't forget us . We may have many faults , but we don 't deserve to be forgotten . Strike my first statement . My name is Milo Rodricks until the very last second . Until the end . ( WOMAN SCREAMING ) ( HORNS HONKING ) BRIDGET : Milo , don 't shovel , baby . They 're hot . I 'm booking a pedicure . You good for a pedicure , honey ? - Had mine done last week . - ( CHUCKLES ) That the one that exploded ? - Nope . - Good . ( ENGINE STALLING ) RICKY : Damn it ! Ed ... You swore , man . ( SIGHS ) Diesel ! Come on . ( AIRPLANE WHIRRING ) ( PHONE RINGING ) - ( DIESEL BARKING ) - Diesel ! - ( DIESEL CONTINUES BARKING ) - ( BEEP ) Ed . Hey . Hey , it 's Ricky Stormgren . I gotta ask you , have you been ... Have you been drinking again ? I think you must 've been drunk when you worked on that thing . - ( ENGINE SPUTTERING ) - ( STATIC ) Hello ? ( DIESEL CONTINUES BARKING ) Diesel ! ( KISSING ) Come on . Come on . ( WHISTLES ) Come on . ( KISSING ) ( RAPID BEEPING ) ( SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE ) ( STATIC ) - WOMAN : He 's right there ! Hello ? Hello ? - ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) MAN 1 : Right there ! Right there ! MAN 2 : No way . MAN 1 : Right there ! ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( CLAMORING ) ( SCREAMING ) ( CAMERA CLICKS ) ( GASPS ) ( SPEAKING HINDI ) ( WIND HOWLING ) REPORTER 1 ON TV : All military forces are assembling . Planes , helicopters , even model aircraft . Basically anything that is in the air that is manmade is being brought down without damage to person or property . Communications , such as cell phones are being disrupted . EDWINA STUDERMEIR : I 'm standing on the Janiculum Hill overlooking the chaos in the streets of downtown Rome where the military continue to assemble in droves . It 's frightening and it 's ... Communications do seem to be scrambling . But I would say that here in the United States they 've been recorded over New York , Houston , and D. C. ROBERT LINDERBY : Earned reports are saying that at least 40 cities around the world now have these vessels hovering over them . London . Okay , the picture is breaking up , but you can see a craft there . SIOBHAN : They 're downing all air traffic . Aircraft are settling like ... WAINWRIGHT : Feathers . We 'll say they 're settling like feathers . SIOBHAN : All over the world . No casualties . Everything in the sky has been grounded . I 'll tell you what they 're doing . They 're containing us . ( PHONE RINGING ) WAINWRIGHT : So , Dad , what 's our angle ? Siobhan , do we have a headline picture ? Already up , Hugo . REPORTER 1 ON TV : ... still have no idea what they want or where they have come from , as they have made no replies to any attempts to contact them . REPORTER 2 : You see , what we 're looking at here could be perceived ... DANLOW : This is a national security matter now , so everyone looks to me . No , no , no , no . Listen to me . We do not evac the President . I want him to remain in the EOC . ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What 's going on ? Wagons roll . Come on . Joel ? Why can 't you drive around him ? Because he 's my son . DANLOW : Your son ? I thought your son was dead . LAURA : Uncle Paul ? There 's no need to be afraid . BOY AND LAURA : My name is Karellen . BOTH : I 'm the Supervisor for Earth . There 's no need to be afraid . My name is Karellen . I am the Supervisor for Earth . ANNABELLE : I know that this is frightening . And bewildering . Please try to understand that we 've come a long , long way to help you . ( SOFTLY ) Annabelle ? ANNABELLE : We 've come to help mankind . War , famine , inequality . These will be things of the past . Suffering will end . Injustice will end . No tears . Only happiness and safety . WAINWRIGHT SR : Your national and local governments will still have jurisdiction . You will run your water and power . Your stores will be open . Your markets will trade . Your lives will continue as before minus one thing . ELDERLY NUN : Injustice . This won 't happen overnight . But the process is already beginning . It will herald the arrival of the Golden Age of Man . We 're not conquerors . We 're enablers . We 're going to help you change . I know it 's frightening , but you are no longer alone . I know that this is frightening , but you are no longer alone . I know it 's frightening , but you are no longer alone . We 're calling them The Visitors . No , we 're not . OPERATOR : Cellular service is temporarily unavailable . Please try your call again later . REPORTER ON RADIO : We haven 't been able to bring you this because we 've been having transmission problems . The images of Gaza are staggering . The wall that separates Israel from the Gaza Strip , all 400 miles of it , is gone . Arab residents are mingling with Jewish residents ... - ( STATIC ) - MAN : They didn 't actually resurrect the dead . They appeared to us as beloved deceased relatives . Now that is something that ... Ellie . You okay ? ( SOFTLY ) Ricky . TV REPORTER : I just saw an Israeli soldier embracing an elderly Arab man who was weak and ... And stumbling from the shock of it all . I mean this is just ... It 's incredible . I mean words cannot describe . This is truly incredible . Emotionally charged scenes between both Israelis and Palestinian residents . I mean people from both sides are , are hugging . - Some are even weeping . - Who 'd you see ? I just saw an ... I saw my dad , of course . But , you know , they missed a trick because no way he would get through that many sentences without throwing in the " F " bomb . You ? Who 'd you see ? Yeah . Me , too . I saw my dad . But they are not moving . And they 're displaying nothing that I could say looks like ... It 's like the playwright just walked on stage and stopped the play . MAJOR GENERAL CAL : Remember that little old war in the Congo no one could stop ? Now both sides are praying together under a flying saucer . Hands-across-the-water moment , huh ? They 're doing something similar in Sudan . We hear there 's some kind of conciliatory intervention between North and South Korea . Look , we might be able to get something into the air . Hmm . " Blessed are the peacemakers , " General . Let 's keep it in our pants for now , hmm ? SIOBHAN : Everyone was paid a visit by this avatar . It calls itself " the Supervisor for Earth " . Karellen . How are we spelling that ? With a K ? Every major military conflict that we know about across the globe , - well , they 've just stopped . - ( EXHALES ) There 's some rioting . Mogadishu went totally wacko apparently . - Then they blocked out the sun . - WAINWRIGHT : Ho . ( STUTTERS ) Hold on . " They blocked out the sun " ? How ? Localized eclipse ? I don 't know . They 're aliens . It 's world peace , all hold hands and sing Kumbaya . Us cynics have to swallow our pride and expect pigs to start flying any day now . My Uncle Joey kept pigs . Irish grazers . ( CHUCKLES ) He used to hire a local choirboy to sing to them as they were loaded onto the truck . And these pigs , they loved it . They were so peaceful . All the way to the slaughterhouse . ( GRUNTING SOFTLY ) Okay . I want you back in the house , Milo . Come on , Mom . It 's fine . All the planes can take off again . We were just grounded so they could give us a message . You 're smart , baby , what do you think their weakness is ? You mean like a character flaw ? No , like in Signs when that little girl killed ' em with the glass of water . You know Janey from downstairs said the Army 's everywhere now . Do you think they 're gonna launch , like a , what do we call it ? Like a air strike ? I don 't think they wanna hurt us , Mom . Why come all this way just to blow us up ? Because they 're aliens . ( ALL CLAMORING ) MAYOR : Can we just ... We 're never gonna get anywhere if we 're all hoopin ' it up . - Well , what about food and water , Mayor ? - ALL : Yeah . MAN : Is there gonna be a stockpile for the town ? There will be no hoarding . - ALL : Oh . - They 've only settled over three cities . And as far as I can tell , nothing here in Missouri has changed . ( ALL CLAMORING ) ( THUDDING ) ( RICKY SIGHS ) ( HISSES ) I guess they approve of basketball . Look , we 've seen what they can do . The question to ask ourselves is , what can we do about them ? As far as I can tell , not a damn thing . MAYOR : Ricky ... You 've been a godsend to this town . The way you negotiated between the community and the limestone company last year . - But this is a horse of a whole different color . - ( ALL MUTTERING ) ( STUTTERING ) Yeah , exactly . Which is why I ask ... ( STAMMERS ) Why are we even trying to guess what they 're up to ? So what 's your grand plan ? RICKY : I say we sit tight . They haven 't zapped the head off the Statue of Liberty yet . In fact , they 've actually made an effort to make us feel comfortable . So ... If this is an invasion , I gotta say , it 's ... It 's an awfully considerate one . ( MURMURING ) ELLIE : They need you all over again . RICKY : I don 't know about that . They 're probably all sick of me by now . You never understood the effect you have on people . It 's very rare . ( PANTING ) Ready to head up to bed ? ( SIGHS ) We can pretend to sleep . When that alien , Karellen ... - When he spoke to you as your dad ... - ( STATIC ) ( MIXER WHIRRING ) ( GURGLING ) ( WHIMPERS ) ( MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO ) ( TIRES SCREECHING ) ( GUN COCKS ) Els , you 're not Annie Oakley , you 're from Greenwich Village . ( RATTLING ) ( DIESEL BARKING ) RICKY : Let 's go . Let 's go ! Come on ! Quick ! Move to the basement . ( CONTINUES BARKING ) RICKY : Diesel . ( GLASS SHATTERS ) ( WHIMPERS ) ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) ( RUSTLING ) ( CLATTERS ) ( TRAPDOOR CREAKS OPEN ) ( THUDS ) Okay . You got my attention . ( EXPLOSION ) ( SHOUTING ) Ahhh ! All right ! All right ! Hey ! ( EXHALES ) ELLIE : Ricky ! RICKY : Ellie , stay down there . ( RATTLING ) Son of a ... ( KEYS JANGLING ) ( WHIRRING ) All right . ( CLEARS THROAT ) If I go , leave my family alone . ( RATTLING ) This is ridiculous . ( WHIRRING ) ( DOG BARKING ) ( MAN 1 SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) MAN 1 : Hands up ! MAN 2 : You let no one through , you hear me ? No one . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) Hold the line ! MAN 1 : Get back . ( RATTLING ) KARELLEN : Do you like it ? It 's the honeymoon suite . RICKY : ( SOFTLY ) Four Seasons Hotel . New York City . ( EXHALES ) Annabelle and I didn 't leave this room for three days even though I had tickets to the playoffs . Hmm . Yankees beat Minnesota Twins three games to one . ( SIGHS ) What the hell is going on ? KARELLEN : There 's no need to be afraid . My name is Karellen . Why are you here ? You are on the verge of discovering interstellar travel . But the stars are not for man , Ricky . We need a messenger they can trust . A conduit between the Overlords and Earth . Mmm . " Overlords " . I find that term a little bombastic . But , heigh-ho . RICKY : Why did you make this room ? Why 'd you send me Annabelle ? Because she is still the most important thing in your life . No . I got a new life . I 'm ... I 'm getting married again . All of this ... This is ... ( SIGHS ) ( SOFTLY ) This is mind games . You scare the hell out of us . And you ... You knock my door down . And then you ask me to be your ambassador . ( CHUCKLES ) Buddy , you 're not even in the right zip code . I mean you need ... You need the President . The Pope . Dalai Lama . Somebody . KARELLEN : Problem is they have baggage . You don 't . You are hardworking , brave , kind . RICKY : Why did you make this room ? KARELLEN : You 're prepared to change and adapt . Okay . Take me home . Take me home . Where 's ... Where 's the thing . KARELLEN : People trust you . You look them in the eye and ... Hey , if you ... If you want someone to push your agenda then you go down there , and by all means , do it yourself . When the limestone mine wanted to take over your town , you brought both sides together . You built bridges , you healed divides . They called you ... They called me ... It was the Pacifier . It was ... It was meant to be a joke . Hmm . I know . I 've studied all human languages , syntax , colloquialisms , jokes . I get it . Seven billion people and I chose you . It was between you and an 82-year-old blind woman from Seoul . What are you thinking ? I 'm thinking I wanna see who I 'm talking to . I have to stay where I am . There 's a lot to tell people . Look beside you . What is it ? It 's a gift . What if I don 't wanna take it ? Well , then don 't take it . I hope you can trust me . I might take it and just chuck this thing in the river . If that 's what you want to do then , of course . I respect your decision . I believe you will make the right choice . Whatever that choice may be . MAJOR GENERAL CAL : I don 't know about you , Paul , but these guys don 't give me the warm fuzzies . They 're neutralizing the world 's armies . Everybody 's looking to us to make the first move . - The President wants to strike , Paul . - And what 's the point ? We 'd be ants firing wood-pulp pellets at a B-52 . - The President thinks that we could ... - They brought dead people back . They stopped the world , General . And as far as I 'm concerned , that puts them in the pilot 's seat . MAJOR GENERAL CAL : We need you here , Paul . I just heard six hours ago they kidnapped a farmer named Richard Stormgren . Jeez . What do we tell the old man ? Tell him I 'm going to Missouri . ( INDISTINCT ) ( SIRENS WAILING ) - MAN : All right . - WOMAN : It 's like we didn 't see what it was . - And that 's when we saw it . - Yeah . Good on . The pod thing . It was over the mountains , over that way . Alien abduction . WOMAN : ... so fast , we thought it was going to ... The Overlords talk about peace , harmony , justice . Then they smash a fella 's house and , and carry him away . People need to know the facts . Then they can make up their own minds . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) WOMAN 2 : Right there . ( AIRPLANE WHIRRING ) ( BEEPS ) - SHERIFF DE BONT : Ellie . - ( DOG BARKING ) ( SWIRLING ) ( WHIRRING ) WOMAN 3 : Oh . ( SPACESHIP DOOR CLOSES ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) Hey , babe . ( WHOOSHING ) Are you okay ? I talked with him . - Karellen . - What ? What did he say ? What ... What did he look like ? I ... I don 't know . I ... I didn 't see him face-to-face . He gave me this . ELLIE : What is it ? I have no idea . ( SIRENS WAILING ) DANLOW : Mr. Stormgren . Can I see you for a minute ? ( INDISTINCT YELLING ) ( ALL CLAMORING ) MILITARY MAN OVER PA : For your own safety , move back . ( BABY CRYING ) RICKY : So what can I do for you ? I 've been reading all about you on the flight over . You 're a smart man , Mr. Stormgren . Progressive man . Humanitarian . Be careful . You 're gonna have me blushing there Mr ... Danlow . Paul Danlow . I work with the U.S. Secret Service . I can figure out who you work for , Mr. Danlow . What you got there ? I have absolutely no idea . They give you that ? Can I take a look-see ? DANLOW : You really should give that to me and I can take it somewhere . - ( CHUCKLES ) - Somewhere safe . I 'm sure you could . I mean , you 're not gonna open it , are you ? That 'd be one hell of a move with the Earth at stake and whatnot . Look , I understand . The aliens gave you something and ... - It makes you feel special . - Okay . No , no , no . Don 't do that . - Don 't patronize me . - Oh , I 'm not . They must take you seriously . So I take you seriously . That 's why I 'm asking you to hand it over of your own free will . Uh-huh . - With a gun ? - Okay . What if it 's a bomb ? Or a virus ? - You think of that ? - Of course , I 've thought about that . But don 't you think that if that was their intention , they could 've done it themselves at any point ? Well , think about it , Ricky . So far , these aliens have been overwhelmingly demonstrative and secretive . Threatening . They smashed open your home , forced you onto their ship . Then they give you this thing and they tell you to open it ? Actually Karellen told me I could do what I wanted with it . Okay , he gave me a choice . - You 're not . - ( CAMERA CLICKS ) Hey . Hey , hey , hey , hey . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? Whoa , whoa , whoa . Whoa . Just recording you on our property threatening us . Uh , uh , hey . Look , look . I 've seen what these guys can do . I 'm pretty sure they can stop you from shooting us . Yeah . Maybe they can 't . Maybe they 'll just find another farmer . Actually , the backup was an old lady in Seoul . DANLOW : Hell , cards on the table , Ricky . You 're a decent man . - But decent men can be manipulated . - Hey , look , he said that they 're here to teach us . All right ? To help us . He said , " Heigh-ho " . They 're evil aliens , but ... But their leader says , " Heigh-ho " ? No . You know what I think ? I think you wanna know what 's in this thing just as much as I do . Look , final warning . Hand it over or I will put you down . Okay . ( RATTLING ) - ( BABY CRYING ) - ( SCREAMING ) DANLOW : There 's intel from hospitals as far away as China . Same story everywhere . We 're looking at a 60 % recovery in patients presenting with leukemia , Hodgkin 's lymphoma , pulmonary lung disease . The first cure occurred the same minute that you opened the vial . Maybe they are gonna cure everything . You tell me . They 're your friends . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ) Ricky , you 're the sole spokesperson for an alien race . Have fun with it . ( RICKY CLEARS THROAT ) ( INDISTINCT MURMURING ) Morning . Uh ... My name is , uh , is Richard Stormgren . Um , I have been chosen to be the ... The intermediary between the Overlords and us ... Earth . And , uh ... ( EXHALES ) Trust me , this is all one giant Twilight Zone to me , too . So ... ( RICKY CLEARS THROAT ) Uh , I was taken up to meet with him ... Karellen . And ... I was not permitted to see him physically . Uh , although I could ... I could tell that in speaking to him he seemed to be compassionate . I will be taken up to meet with him at , uh , at regular intervals . And , uh , will be passing on ... Uh ... Passing on , uh , information . Uh , Karellen wants you to know that any war , anywhere will be seen and will be firmly stopped . Chemical pollution of the atmosphere will be , um ... ( SIGHS DEEPLY ) Yeah , they 're gonna ... ( STUTTERS ) They 're gonna deal with that . They 're going to deal with it ? Yeah . Pretty sure about that . The environment , uh , social issues , politics , I 'm told that that 's ... That 's gonna be more of a ... - A gradual process of development . - Mr. Stormgren , just ... Just tell us , why won 't Karellen show us his face ? I don 't know . ( ALL CLAMORING ) Can they stop death ? I ... I can 't ... I ... I can 't ... ( STAMMERS ) What does the inside of their ship look like ? Come on . Tell us something . ( CHUCKLES ) RICKY : What ? You wanna know what it looks like ? It looked like , uh , a ... A hotel suite . Four Seasons Hotel in New York . REPORTER : But , Mr. Stormgren . Hey ! You must know something . One of their pods just landed on the White House lawn . ( INHALES DEEPLY ) That 'll be for me . ( SIGHS ) Which way ? DANLOW : Don 't worry about it . - We 'll get you up to speed . - ( SIGHS ) ( FLUTTERING ) RICKY : You know it 's ... It 's only gonna get worse . Half the world thinks that you 're their salvation . The other half wants to blow you out of the sky . KARELLEN : Well , you 've had that relationship with your religions for long enough . Mmm-hmm . Fear , disorientation and anger is part of the first stage . Are . I 'm sorry ? They ... They are part of the first stage . Second person singular present active imperative . My bad . You 've cleaned up . We are not as demonstrative as you might think . We want to help you help yourselves . Yeah , well , a lot of people are gonna find that awfully condescending . Tell me , is it condescending to send your children to school ? That 's a good point . But here 's the thing , if you walk around calling us all children , you 're gonna piss a lot of people off . My bad . ( CHUCKLES ) ( KARELLEN CHUCKLES ) If you , um ... You 'd have come here five years ago ... Annabelle still be alive ? We weren 't here five years ago and she died . Mmm-hmm . If you 'd like , I will dismantle this room . No . No , we 'll ... ( STUTTERS ) We 'll keep the room for now . Of course . ( FLUTTERING ) ( ALL CLAMORING ) ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) RICKY : Diesel . ( KISSING ) Come on . Come on . Up . ( SOFTLY ) Come here . ( RICKY SIGHS ) This is gonna change everything for us , Ricky . Look , I 'm sorry , Els , all right ? Just give me ... Give me a couple weeks so I can wrap my head around what happens next . It was Annabelle . They sent you Annabelle , didn 't they ? Four Seasons honeymoon suite . And every time you go back to that ship , it 's to that hotel room . I 'm here . Whatever you go through , just know I love you . WAINWRIGHT : A stonewashed hick from a flyover state . Why do you think they picked this guy ? Because he doesn 't ask the right questions , that 's why . What if they 're playing the long game ? They can live for thousands of years . So they can wait , you know . Make us healthy , make us sleepy , make us fat . They wanna buy the world a Coke . ( SIGHS ) All lovey dovey . ( GROANS ) You can dress this up in as much hippie-dippy crap as you like . This is an invasion . No disrespect , sir , but what the hell can you do about it ? GIRL : On my daddy 's farm , the animals have all the food they want . I feed the pigs red apples . ( LAUGHS ) And Daddy gives them medicine so they never get sick . And they 're happy when Daddy and the other men take them away . I don 't know where they go , but I know they 're really happy . NARRATOR : Paid for by the Freedom League . KARELLEN : Their reaction is understandable . It means we 're making an impression . Now , there is plenty of food and shelter on this world . It 's a question of distribution . With the right people together they will come because you ask them to . And then what ? I ... I don 't even own a suit . I don 't know what you think , I 'm gonna accomplish that generations of diplomacy hasn 't . The politicians have failed . Be yourself , Ricky . Don 't think like them . Look , Karellen . I ... I ... I think it would go a hell of a long way with people if you would just show yourself . You wouldn 't accept my appearance . So , hiding out here , you plan to stop centuries of people hurting one another ? But you are already feeling each other 's pain . You share the same fears and confusions about us and about your future . It 's a healthy beginning . So , the Overlords have actually sealed up the Saudi oil reserves . Uh , why ? Well , I think that we 're hoping it 'll be taken as an invitation to come talk with us . WAINWRIGHT : Mr. Stormgren ? Mmm-hmm . I can show you a petition sponsored by the Freedom League . Twenty-two million four hundred thousand people who want the Overlords to get the hell off our property . The next time you cozy up to your pal in the sky , you tell him that . RICKY : Let ... Let 's look at what 's happening . I never thought that I would see world peace . Did you ? No ? We 've ended war . Now , it 's time to end starvation . Every day , millions of people are starving while the rest of us just throw away unwanted food . So , we need to find a way to get that surplus into the hands of the poorest people . There we go . So , we don 't need a Navy anymore . Right ? Just so happens , we happen to have a lot of big ships just sitting around doing a whole lot of nothing . So , we 're gonna refrigerate the US fleet and use that to transport the food supplies across the Atlantic to West Africa . Just gonna empty them out and fill ' em up with dinner . Impressive . No , it really is . I mean , it leaves our nation completely open to attack . But , I 'm glad Africa will get her Meals on Wheels . ( MURMURING ) The Overlords have imprisoned our oil reserves . Actually , they freed your supply lines . These pipes pumped your oil . Now , we 're gonna use ' em to pump desalinated water into the sub-Sahara . You cannot just commandeer the property of the Saudi Kingdom . DANLOW : These people are dying of starvation and thirst . Now , we need to irrigate half a continent , sir . And our think tank says that 's the best way . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Oh , I am so sorry . You guys gotta be dying of thirst , too . Can I get you something to drink ? Hey , can we get these guys something to drink , please ? SAUDI BUSINESSMAN : Yes , why has there been no water on the table ? Gentlemen ... Cheers . ( CLICKS TONGUE ) Dirty Texan muck , hmm ? ( INHALES DEEPLY ) Very well . But , understand that this is not the wish of our kingdom . We have always been in this together . Now it 's time to start acting like it . ( SIGHS ) Gentlemen , welcome to the Golden Age of Man . NARRATOR 1 : Yes , of course , when they first arrived , I was scared . Everybody was scared . We watched them like we were shop mannequins . But after the shock we realized that we had been living in so much uncertainty . They had come to rule us . And you can argue the morality , of course . But they brought certainty and stability . At least , that 's how it seemed to us , at first . I look back now and shudder . We were all under a spell . NARRATOR 2 : Paid for by the Freedom League . That 's some fancy schooling . He gets a scholarship . He wrote this essay about the Overlords and sent it to some fancy college in Massachusetts . FENCE : Oh , yeah ? Like what ? What 's in it ? BRIDGET : My son has theories . Never known the neighborhood look so nice . They still can 't take away the US of A. Gotta have independence . Fourth of July , ya 'll . BRIDGET : Hi , honey . How was school ? There was a cocaine plant in Ecuador . The Overlords split it up into its component parts . About four million pieces . What they do , it 's like magic , huh ? They 've learnt how to manipulate solids at a molecular level . Probably using a controlled magnetic field . It 's not magic , Mom , it 's just a 30,000-year head start . Your mind , honey . It just blossomed when they arrived , didn 't it ? What you gonna do with all that know-how , huh ? MILO : ( SIGHS ) I don 't know . I can 't do much with it . Keep dreaming . Supper 's on the table . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Freedom League 's gaining momentum . Funded by people like Hugo Wainwright . Doesn 't that bother you ? KARELLEN : I had hoped the world had had enough of angry mobs . The Saudis are pushing back on this whole thing and I can 't blame ' em . People get angry when they feel impotent . But I have enabled you all to help yourselves . But , see , this is what I 'm talking about . While you 're standing back there hiding your face ... I mean , look at this . Have you seen these ? Well , I don 't mind the centipede . I 'm not wild about being portrayed as a blue robot , though . You know what they 're most afraid of ? Is that you don 't look any different at all . I 'm telling you , to have gone through all this just to be rolled over by humans . We don 't look like humans . ( THUD ) That 's new . KARELLEN : As surely as it rises , the sun has to set . ( DISTANT SHOUTING ) You cut this up with roach powder . I 'm not taking it from you no more , Fence . You 're damn lucky I get any . And you pull your neck in , girl . Oh , great . Here comes Doctor X. You 're selling my mom drugs again ? Go back in , Milo . I can handle this boy . What ? Does this look like some boy toy to you ? Just give me my money . ( GRUNTS ) ( BRIDGET WINCES ) Around here I 'm the Overlord . And that 's the truth ! Next to them , you 're nothing . You 're just a boy with his water pistol . Milo . ( GUNSHOT ) MAN : Man , what you thinking ? BRIDGET : ( SCREAMS ) Milo ! No ! ( SCREAMING ) ( SOBBING ) ( GRUNTS ) ( CRYING ) ( WAILING ) Milo ! ( CRYING ) ( GASPS ) Honey ? Honey . Look , it 's not just our science that 's been hobbled . They control our justice system . My news sites are reporting they just executed a young kid from the inner city projects . We 're getting eyewitness reports that say it was an accident . ( SCOFFS ) Do the Overlords allow accidents ? Sure , the kid had a gun . But they took him out right there and then . No trial . You break the rules . Bang , you 're dead . They are watching us all the time . And they are dealing in swift , moral absolutes . It 's exactly the kind of thing that makes the Freedom League rise up . They think they 're God . I 'm glad you mentioned the big silent guy . Let 's bring Miss Peretta Jones into the discussion . Peretta , you 're part of the Junior Faith Initiative which aims to remind young people of the importance of remembering God in these unique times . Well , yes . I guess we have to . The Overlords have destroyed God . My mother was a devout Christian . We lived in the poorest part of Brazil . When the Overlords came , she lost her faith . My mother decided that she couldn 't live in a world without God . So she killed herself . My fear is that the next generation won 't remember there was ever talk of God . It is clear they control our political process . Our law enforcement . And , though I 'm not a religious man , Miss Peretta makes a very good point . They 're controlling the way we think . ( CHEERING ) ( CHEERING ) ELLIE : This is nice . Just you , me , and the 5,000 by the gate . Maybe I 'll go take them some loaves and fishes later . - They 'll like that . - ( CHUCKLES ) So , uh , what with world peace and all that stuff , do you even need to go back up there anymore ? Babe , I guess that 's up to Karellen . It 's up to you . All right . I tell you what ... Why don 't we get this wedding back on track ? Do you want to ? I love you , Els . Hey , I love you . But you never would have if things had been different . If Annabelle was still ... And I can 't help thinking things are different for you up there . Karellen is not letting you move on . He 's built this dollhouse of the past to control you somehow . Oh , just ... Just give me a little bit of credit here . You 're distant from me . Yeah , because I have responsibility . I 'm sorry . ( STAMMERS ) As much as you may want , this is not about us . This is ... This is about the whole damn world . You 're my whole damn world . What 's up there isn 't real . ( DIESEL BARKING ) ( CONTINUES BARKING ) All right , guys . Hey , come on . Back on the other side of the fence . ( VEHICLE MOVING AWAY ) Ricky ? Ricky ? ( BARKING CONTINUES ) Know what they call you ? " The Blue Collar Prophet " . Cool , huh ? Where are you from ? Mexico City . How 's the air in Mexico City these days ? It 's clean . Listen , if you don 't have him , you need to help him . You can do anything , right ? So , you find him and you bring him back to me . Bring him home . MAN : Hey , you all right ? WOMAN : What 's she doing ? Coffee ? You wanna tell me what part of your journalistic experience gives you the chops to play General ? I 'm not playing General . I 'm a pacifist . We are 120 miles from the nearest town . One hundred and fifty feet underground . Lead-shielded . Self-sufficient . And off-grid I believe they like to call it . So , what are you trying to do here , Wainwright ? You wanna go and start a war ? Come on , you 're smarter than that . You know you can 't win . You 're right . We can 't win a war against them . But organized resistance , now that 's different . You see , Karellen likes to see himself as the benign Overlord . What if we stopped working with him ? What if we destroy our clean powerplants ? Pollute our irrigation systems ? Look , listen to yourself . Defiance . If we stop following them , they fail . So you destroy every good gift they 've given us ? Then what ? They leave . ( CHUCKLES ) What choice do they have ? So , we can just screw the world up all over again ? WAINWRIGHT : I 'd rather the world went down the toilet in our control , than flourished under theirs . Oh , okay . I get it . So , then ... So ... So , this is about who 's holding the power . Right ? 'Cause you used to hold the reins to public opinion . Now , you don 't like that they 've taken that from you . You 've got ... You gotta wrap your head around the fact that working with them is not the same as working for them . Semantics , Ricky . So , what the hell do you want from me ? I want you to join the Freedom League and speak for us . No . WAINWRIGHT : Then , the Overlords have their first martyr . ( GRUNTING ) ( BULLET FIRED ) ( CROWD MURMURING ) ( CROWD GASPING ) ( STATIC ) ( DOOR OPENS ) Are you hurt ? No . Time is changed . Our time . A second is an hour to us . ANNABELLE : Remember how we used to talk about that ? How we wished that a night would last a whole year ? Don 't come to me like this , Karellen . I 'm not Karellen , Ricky . Then , what are you ? A memory . A ripple in a pond . I 'm not part of them . I 'm a part of you . Why would Karellen send you ? He could 've sent anything . No , he couldn 't . He 's led by what 's in your heart . That 's why he built this room . Our room . No . - I buried you . - Did you ? One day you 'll understand why I came back . And why he built the room . ELLIE : Ricky ? ELLIE : What 's happening to us ? Oh , come here . Come here . ( SIGHS ) Look at you . They shouldn 't do this to us . They 're playing with your mind . You need to see who this Karellen really is . ( RUSTLING ) - Be safe . - Yeah . Don 't think about it . Just do it . You guys see everything , right ? KARELLEN : Mmm-hmm . So , then you could 've stopped them from taking me . We could 've neutralized his armies . But we needed the world to see what human resistance is capable of . That they would murder someone so beloved for their cause . Their spirit is broken now . The Freedom League is disbanding . We are doing this for your own good . I 'll tell you a little something about trust , Karellen . It works both ways . The World Federation is being founded . Your nations will now unite as one . The first stage is complete . Exactly right . I 'm just talking to myself . You told me that you needed my advice just as much as we needed yours . Well , here it is . As long as you stay hidden back here , there 's always gonna be people that don 't trust you . Human beings don 't trust what they can 't see . KARELLEN : They trust in a god they can 't see . Man needs a lot more psychological preparation before we can show ourselves . - So , when ? - Not for many years . - But when the time is right ... - ( SIGHS ) I know you 're disappointed with my answer . But we 've seen the effect our appearance can have . So then you have been seen by people ? Your world isn 't the only planet we 've supervised . Now , your work is done here , I think . What ? Just ... That 's it ? I 've so enjoyed our chats . Oh , okay . Just hold on . You 'll live to see that day . It will be wonderful for both of us . But it will still be very hard when we finally appear . I hope you don 't mind me saying this , but , I 'm going to miss you , my friend . ( KARELLEN CHUCKLES ) Uh , Karellen . Goodbye . Karellen . ( CAMERA CLICKS ) ( SIGHS ) Karellen was right . We can 't let anyone see this . Just delete it . Get rid of him . ( LAPTOP BEEPS ) ( SIGHS ) I 'm done . I 'm home . ( CHUCKLES ) Ellie Ryberg , will you marry me ? PERETTA : Evil can disguise itself as truth . Whatever faith or belief you have , know that we 're in this battle together . All of us . We can never give up the fight . No matter how mighty the Overlords may seem , we should never give up . Remember , there is an ultimate truth in this universe . I will never , ever stop believing that . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ON RADIO ) FEMALE REPORTER : Media magnate Hugo Wainwright Jr . has been found hanged at his D. C. office . The newspaper proprietor left no note and there are believed to be no suspicious circumstances . ( RADIO TURNS OFF ) You seem pretty low for a walking miracle . I never used to feel this different or this scared when I was in the chair . That 's ' cause your chair was a barrier , protecting you from the world . But the barrier 's down now . You got to stop hiding and work out who you are . Is that what they did when they cured me ? Oh ... Maybe . Maybe they think you got potential . On the TV , they say that science is dying . I don 't want it to die . So , what do you wanna do about that ? Well , I wanna be the first person to visit their planet . Then that is what you 'll do . MILO : Who knows why they chose 15 years ? But things have gotten a whole lot better . I got a place at MIT , graduated . I got a job in astrophysics . Mom got clean and looked younger than ever before . In fact , everyone did . " Youth of Utopia , " they called it . The Earth was being reborn , so to speak . And right now was waiting to meet their guardian angels . Janny ? Milo . ( CHUCKLING ) Oh , my God . Milo . ( LAUGHS ) - Welcome home . - It 's good to be back . You still playing scientist ? I am in the dwindling dodo profession that is astrophysics , yes , sir . ( LAUGHS ) I mean , wow . Look at this . Everything ... Everything 's changed . Yeah . Most of these are empty . When folk found out they didn 't have to earn money , they just cleared on out into the wide-open spaces . It 's pretty much all mine now . - Yeah ? - Mmm-hmm . Are you looked after ? ( BIRDS CHIRPING ) People leave this for me every few days . I have music . I have peace . They did it , Milo . They did it . They showed us how to make heaven on Earth . Mmm . - ( SIGHS ) It 's a big day . - Yes , it is . I thought , uh , maybe you 'd wanna come to a bar and share it with me . Ah , I don 't need to see them , Milo . What are you talking about ? I 've seen enough . ( CHUCKLES ) You know me , I could never see enough . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) ( GRUNTS ) - Buddy ! - Come on , Dad . It 's started . It 's started . - AMY : Jake ! - What 's that ? - AMY : Come on ! - All right . AMY : What are you doing ? No hello ? There . WOMAN ON TV : It 's hard to believe that our wait is over . But it is . And it seems that the Supervisor for Earth , Karellen , - deems us ready to look him in the eye . - ( SIGHS NERVOUSLY ) And here we are at the designated ... AMY : I can 't believe it 's arrived . We 're ready . Huh ? Guess we are , Amy . Guess we are . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ( APPLAUSE ) WOMAN : It 's a beautiful balmy evening as the sun starts to set on the 200,000 excited spectators . Delegates from the World Federation are taking to the main podium . It 's fair to say that everybody 's breath is truly bated as we wait to meet our guardian angels . Uh , there 's ... Uh , there 's some disturbance in the sky . ( CROWD CHEERING ) And it 's here . It 's above us right now . People are on their feet . We haven 't seen an Overlord ship this close since they first arrived over a decade and a half ago . Now it does appear to be docking at the arrival ramp . And it 's docked . The ship is docked . KARELLEN : This is Karellen . Let the children come forward . WOMAN : The child greeters that Karellen asked for are now entering the arrival ramp . ( SOBBING ) Oh , my God . ( EXHALES ) ( CROWD GASPING ) Karellen was right to hide himself from us . RICKY : Still I think , uh , I think it may be too soon . This world will be okay , won 't it ? Yeah . Yeah , I think so . Hello . There is no need to be afraid .
