 The Aboriginal peoples of Australia are one of the world 's very , very oldest cultures . Our stories are older than the Stonehenge in England . They 're 20 or 30,000 years older than the pyramids of Egypt . If you look at these Wandjina figures in the cave art , these figures look exactly like Grey aliens . Wow . We carved them , we sang them , we danced them in stories , we painted them , so when the visitors left , we didn 't forget about them . Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , might the secrets of our past have been entrusted ... to Australia 's Wisdom Keepers ? # Ancient Aliens 11x07 # The Wisdom Keepers Original Air Date on June 24 , 2016 In 2015 , documentary filmmaker Damien Nott released an archive of over 2,000 UFO images taken over the skies of Australia in the past three years . Oh , my God . It seems to be , like , illuminating . It 's actually morphing shape and rotating as well . - Yeah . - This is phenomenal . Australia is certainly a hot spot for UFO sightings . We 've had a phenomenal growth in the reporting of UFO sightings by the general public , especially since the advent of the Internet . But all evidence shows that UFOs have definitely been visiting Australia for tens of thousands of years . We 've had records engraved on cave artwork by the Australian Aborigines , which goes back thousands of years . Australia is one of the most mysterious continents , and the Aboriginals have all kinds of ancient stories of sky gods coming down . These are probably some of the oldest stories of extraterrestrial intervention that we have on Planet Earth . Australia was something of a last frontier long after America was settled . Well , it was 1770 that the British explorer Captain Cook actually came across Australia , and it wasn 't until 1788 that it was really settled- - that was the east coast of Australia- - settled by convicts . That 's what the British brought from their prisons . Today , the area of Sydney that the British first settled is a bustling metropolis , and Australia has become one of the most popular tourist destinations on Earth . But hidden behind this modern facade is nearly 2 and a half million square miles of undeveloped and sparsely populated land , known as the outback . And while Australia is a relatively new land to the Western world , for the nearly 700,000 people that call the continent their ancestral home , it has a history that dates back tens of thousands of years . There is something very , very special about Australia . Here we have a situation where this huge land mass has been pretty much cut off from the rest of the world for 40,000 years . And we don 't really find that in-in many other places in the world . But what was happening on this island continent for the tens of thousands of years that it existed in isolation ? When the first Europeans arrived here , they didn 't have much knowledge in regards to the sky world , where our people had much ancient knowledge of the star system , and the constellation of the stars . Our knowledge and wisdom is so old . Anthropologists have dated the existence of the Australian Aboriginal people back 60,000 years , making it the most ancient continuous culture in the world . The Aboriginal peoples of Australia , are one of the world 's very , very oldest cultures . No other cultures in the world can compare with the Australian cultures . They have knowledge that 's been around for a lot longer than really any of our knowledge has been around . The Aboriginal people have no official written language . Art , music , and oral storytelling are how they pass their histories and sacred knowledge to future generations . Their past is encoded on various rock walls scattered across the continent . Our oral traditions , our stories that are passed down from generation to generation , the wisdom and knowledge that have been given to us by our god , they 're 10,000 or more years older than the Stonehenge in England . They 're 20,000 or 30,000 years older than the pyramids of Egypt . These ancient traditions are all strongly tied to Australia 's connection with the stars , and with the beings that are said to have come down from them . As evidence , ancient astronaut theorists point to the caves of the Northwest Kimberley region that contain depictions of beings called the Wandjina , the sky heroes of one of Australia 's indigenous clans . The Aboriginals have all kinds of ancient stories of Wandjina figures , of great heroes and sky gods who manipulated the continent and created the rivers and mountains , and fought amongst each other , and then they left . If you look at these Wandjina figures in the cave art , they have big white faces . They have really no mouth to speak of . They have very large , black eyes , and there 's a field around their heads that 's like a space helmet , perhaps . So , in many ways these Wandjina figures look exactly like Grey aliens . And you have to wonder , then , if the cave art is depicting extraterrestrials . Could these images really be depicting extraterrestrials that visited Australia in the ancient past ? And if so , do the indigenous people living in Australia today still have insight into the meaning behind this ancient rock art ? We all have stories of people in crafts coming from the stars , going to the stars , and so on . In order to keep them , pass them down to next generation , we carved them , we painted them , we sung them . We danced them in stories to guarantee that they passed down . So when the visitors left , we didn 't forget about them . And we never forget about the things that they passed down to us , and the knowledge they passed down . Australia is one of the few places where we still have living mythologies where we can talk to the people whose story has been passed down over thousands of generations . And they talk of teachers having descended from the sky , and bestowed any and all of knowledge to mankind . So this , to me , is an incredible treasure trove for the ancient astronaut theory . Might the indigenous people of Australia , who carry an oral tradition that dates back tens of thousands of years , really hold secrets of humanity 's past that the outside world has yet to discover ? Perhaps more evidence can be found by examining the depiction of one of their most important sky gods . Coming up ... They said the fire burnt the top of the mountain and all around it every time he landed . So the landings were always associated with a lot of noise , - smoke and fire ? - Yes . Brisbane Water National Park . New South Wales , Australia . The Bulgandry preservation site is one of numerous sacred indigenous locations where ancient rock art and engravings can be found . Many are believed to date back thousands of years . Oh , wow . In February 2016 , researcher and publisher Giorgio Tsoukalos traveled to Australia to meet with Aboriginal elder Kevin Gavi Duncan to learn about one of the oldest carvings that can be found here . So what are we looking at here ? So this image is an actual image of what we say is our Godfather creator being , Baiame . That 's what our people believe . Okay . Baiame came from , well , a place that we call the Morning Star within the Mirrabooka . " Mirra " means stars , and " booka " means river . That is the Milky Way that flows across the-the night sky . No kidding ? Okay . And so he is one of those sky heroes that has descended from the Milky Way ? Yes . He 's a sky hero , and Baiame is carved in the manner that you see there- - he has his arms out , and he holds the moon in one hand and the Morning Star in the other , which is a bit like what we call Planet Earth . And these are the two moons which exist around the Morning Star in the Mirrabooka that Baiame came from . Mm-hmm . And this is the canoe . He sailed through the river of life , um , in the Mirrabooka across the sky world . So , he sailed through the Milky Way ? Yes , he sailed through the Milky Way ... and this was his vessel that he sailed , and he landed , to the earth ... and he crushed the top of the mountain , which is the sacred mountain of Mount Yengo not far from here . And when he landed they said the fire came from his feet and it burnt the mount- - top of the mountain , and all around it every time he landed . So , the landings were always associated with a lot of noise , smoke - and fire ? - Yes . The fire trail that was left when Baiame was leaving the top of the mountain into the sky world , when Baiame had left , was so bright , people interpret that as a spaceship of some kind ... Yeah . ... as coming and going , but this is the way we simply interpret Baiame 's spaceship . Right , but it 's because the vocabulary didn 't exist at the time . - Yes . - So , to me , those are all wonderfully poetic ways to describe eyewitness accounts of things that were incredible . Yes . This site is considered around 8,000 to 10,000 years old . Wow . These carvings , these rock paintings , these are our books . They are considered to be , basically , as truth . While many in the Western world regard indigenous tales as folklore , it has recently been found that at least some of their stories are historically accurate . In September 2015 , scientists studying Aboriginal lore of past sea level rise found corroboration in the geological record . Incredibly , the information was faithfully preserved even though these events occurred somewhere between 7,000 to 18,000 years ago . Similar findings noting the accuracy of indigenous myths have been published since the 1980s , including knowledge of tsunamis , earthquakes , volcanic eruptions , meteorite impacts , and solar eclipses in the remote past . Their stories of events that happened 12,000 years ago , maybe older , have now been verified by the geological record . This is extremely important because if they 're telling the truth about geological events , can we then take at face value their stories or their recollections of extraterrestrial beings , spirit beings , sky beings , coming to Earth and intervening in human affairs ? I believe that we can . Might the Aboriginal stories of sky beings not be myth but actual historical fact ? Could their creator gods have been extraterrestrial visitors ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining evidence of an ancient pilgrimage to Australia made by the Egyptians . And here we are . Wow . How old do you reckon these are ? We 're thinking that it 's about 4,600 years old . Wow . We have stories about their visits long before Europeans had arrived here . Central Coast , New South Wales , Australia . Deep in the Brisbane Water National Park is a mysterious site known as the Gosford Glyphs . The site consists of two massive , eight-foot-high walls engraved with over 300 ancient carvings , carvings that experts say do not resemble indigenous artwork , but Egyptian hieroglyphs . After deciphering the texts , 21st century Egyptologist Ray Johnson believed them to reveal the burial site of Lord Nefer-ti-ru , a member of the Egyptian royal family who died while visiting the area with his brother sometime between 2637 and 2614 BC . Absolutely beautiful out here . Oh , I know . While visiting the area in 2016 , Giorgio Tsoukalos met with local ancient astronaut theorist Evan Strong to get a firsthand look at these enigmatic carvings . - And here we are . - Wow . That 's incredible . I had no idea , I mean , this looks totally different than on pictures . So , what do these - hieroglyphs say ? - Well ... at least one panel talks about two brothers , two princes , coming here from Egypt . They were shipwrecked . One of them ended up getting bitten by a snake . He then died . The theory is , then , he was interred here , and that 's why - you 've got hieroglyphs here ... - Mm-hmm . ... because he died here ... but there 's these other walls with a mixture of symbols . This one over here , it 's-it 's more of a philosophical astrophysics style thing with symbols meaning all sorts of esoteric stuff , so ... Now , h-have these symbols at all been interpreted by Egyptologists ? There have been a-a few , actually . Mm-hmm . Um , a few different , um , people have done that . And what was their reaction ? Well , Raymond Johnson was one of the first people to come here and-and translate . He actually sent some of his translations off to the Cairo Library , and Dr. Abou Dia ' Ghazi ended up saying , " Yep , you 're on the right track . " It 's something called proto-Egyptian . And how old do you reckon these are ? We 're thinking because of the prevalence , at least in one , uh , panel of proto-Egyptian , that it 's about 4,600 years old . Wow . Are there any hieroglyphs that stand out to you ? Yeah , definitely . Follow me down here and I 'll show you this other one . So , this one here , um , we call the UFO glyph and people have called it that since they 've been coming here because it kind of looks like a UFO . It definitely has the classic UFO shape . It 's-it 's got the ... the rays or whatever you want to call it . What would you suggest if anyone says , well , this is not a UFO , it 's-it 's some other symbol that- - but certainly not that ? I think that someone suggested that it 's jewelry but it 's a completely different symbol that 's upside down and it really doesn 't quite fit in . It 's one of those symbols here that-that doesn 't fit into the canon . In your opinion , why do you think the Egyptians made it all the way to Australia ? I think they were looking for esoteric wisdom , definitely . - From the Aboriginals ? - Yes . The ancient Egyptians , we have stories , and Aboriginal stories , about their arrival , and about their visits long before Europeans had arrived here . Naturally , we would have shared ceremony with these people because they have the same similar beliefs as our people . Egyptians have that same spiritual connection to the sky world . Many stories from all over this continent , not just from here , but all over this continent , talk about those who came by the sea and came to these continents , and some of our knowledge and wisdom and technology went back with them , and if you do some of the research , in the last pyramids that they found , they found boomerangs made from iron bark from here , and they have hieroglyphs of black fellows throwing the boomerangs to take out the ducks and the geese . Now the question would be , why would they paint us and carve us on their walls if they didn 't come here ? And if that meeting and relationship was not significant , they wouldn 't have carved it . It must 've been significant in order to carve . Aboriginal artifacts found in Egypt ? Hieroglyphs found in Australia ? Might the continent have actually served as a pilgrimage site for visitors seeking a direct connection to the so-called gods ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest further evidence of this otherworldly link can be found in a megalithic structure lost to time . This really puts the Aboriginal culture in a totally different light . He asked Aboriginal people , " Where do you people come from ? " And our people would always just point to the sky . Mullumbimby , New South Wales , 1939 . Frederic Slater , the president of the Australian Archaeology Society , was dispatched to investigate the discovery of a complex Aboriginal arrangement consisting of 188 standing stones . Slater dubbed the formation the " Stonehenge of Australia " and became convinced that it was one of the oldest temple complexes in the world , predating those found in Europe and the Middle East . Frederic Slater found that the site he was investigating was part of a larger , much larger site , and fitted in very closely with Aboriginal sacred law , myths and legends . After a time , Frederic Slater began to posit and suggest that instead of out of Africa , that maybe we should reexamine the evolution of man as out of Australia . He took a massive leap and started declaring that in ancient times in Australia , the Aborigines were more advanced than any culture that he could recount on the planet . He was declared almost insane by the rest of the academic community . The landowners were so terrified of the controversy that it implied that it was pretty much destroyed by bulldozers . There are many stone circles , uh , throughout the British Isles and Europe . Stonehenge is one of the most well known . And they all have some relationship to astronomical observatories . This Aboriginal Stonehenge would really alter the way we think of the Aboriginals and the sophistication of their society . Where they had astronomical and archaeoastronomical structures that helped them monitor the heavens , much as standing stones in Europe would have done . Could the so-called Aboriginal Stonehenge provide us insight into the other stone arrangements found scattered throughout the world ? If so , might they serve to provide a permanent record of a significant connection to another world ? Uluru Rock , also known as Ayers Rock , is located nearly in the center of the continent , over 1,200 miles from the nearest major Australian city . This geological anomaly is one of the largest isolated rocks in the world . It is over two miles long and rises over 1,100 feet . It is , in fact , the exposed tip of a huge vertical slab of rock that continues below the surface for three miles . It is a huge sedimentary boulder that 's gigantic , sitting there in the middle of the desert . And geologists cannot really explain how Ayers Rock came to be . It 's almost as if it was lifted up from somewhere else and brought to the center of the continent and then just dumped there . For the indigenous population , Uluru is one of their most sacred sites and a place of pilgrimage . They consider it the navel of the earth . For the Aboriginal cosmologies , a lot of times the landscape itself is sort of like the Bible and Heaven , rolled into one . So , in places like Uluru , Ayers Rock , this rock is of great significance because they built this into their cultural memories of when the world was formed by sky spirits coming to Earth . The creation stories at Uluru Rock are primarily associated with the rainbow serpent . This divine being is said to have come out of the sky at the beginning of time , and held in its belly all of creation , including the first human beings . The Rainbow Serpent , we call Gria . And the Rainbow Serpent is related to all Aboriginal nations right across Australia . And it connects us all as Aboriginal people , because it was regarded as a very sacred symbol of creation . An elder we 're in good contact with told us a story about Uluru , which is quite fascinating . That we were actually seeded from the spear from the Pleiades through space . And it actually hit the ground , and where that place was is Uluru . So Uluru and its creation story with the rainbow serpent could perhaps even be indicative of an ancient astronaut kind of seeding moment in-in our history . Ancient astronaut theorists have long proposed that Earth was seeded by alien visitors in the remote past . Might this be true ? And if so , do the Aboriginal stories reflect this truth ? When the first Europeans arrived here , Captain Phillip , who was an English sailor , planted the Union Jack in Sydney , and he asked Aboriginal people around that time , he said , " Where do you people come from ? " And our people would always just point to the sky . He couldn 't believe that such people , who were grounded by Mother Earth , say that they come from the sky world . Might humanity actually have been seeded on Earth from another planet , as the Aboriginal elders claim ? And could this truth be encoded in the Australian landscape , preserved for future generations ? Researchers suggest some sacred Aboriginal sites continue to serve as extraterrestrial outposts . They 've got tales of mystery , disappearing people , strange noises and strange creature sightings . Some people had actually traveled back to the Morning Star . The Blue Mountains . Australia . Throughout the walls of Red Hands Cave are the stenciled handprints of ancient Aboriginal men , women and children . The art stands as a testament to their physical time here on Earth , hundreds and possibly even thousands of years ago . According to local elders , the location served as an initiation site for young warriors . And it was here that the collective wisdom of the land and the sky was passed on to future generations by the sky gods . We leave our images on the cave walls , such as our handprints , from the time we are , uh , children . This would be done generation after generation . The Blue Mountains is a very sacred area , a sacred place , especially the highest places , because we were being closer to Baiame , closer to God . Mount Yengo- - the original point of descent of the Aboriginal creator god , Baiame- - is located here , within the Blue Mountain range . And curiously , the area is also well-known today for the mysterious disappearances of numerous hikers ... campers ... and soldiers ... in addition to countless UFO sightings . Australia 's Blue Mountains have become internationally known as a hot spot for UFO sightings and other mysteries . There is certainly a lot of mystery in the Blue Mountains . Campers , bushwalkers , explorers ... all have got tales of mystery , disappearing people , strange tunnels , strange noises and strange creature sightings . The UFO sightings of the Blue Mountains have triggered many magazine articles , radio shows and books . A lot of people have come forward over the last few decades to document and put onto the record their own experiences . We have a great tradition of some hundreds of sightings . I myself have gathered about 600 , 800 sightings or so of UFOs . And it 's growing all the time , in my own lifetime . We have stories of UFOs amongst early pioneer settlers dating back to ... 1850 , thereabouts . There 's a story from about the 1890s of a farmer who was plowing his field and a craft , a silver craft , came over the cliffs . He stood there and watched it while it disappeared . It came back after dark and landed there . And he grabbed his rifle and went out to see what was going on , and the craft took off again . I would suggest that the Blue Mountains have served as a contact point for E.T.s from an advanced civilization in space . What is interesting to note is that there are several umbilical cords on the planet . This particular location is located exactly at - 33 latitude . Which means it is aligned specifically with the center of the galaxy . Now having said that , there 's an interesting parallel with the 33 latitude on Planet Earth . And that particular point is considered to be continuously being visited from different parts of the planetary system , from different parts of the galaxy , and even from beyond this galaxy , from way out in the universe . Wow . Yeah , did you see that thing ? There is a lot of UFO activity . So here , we have something that would be like a stargate , some portal to another dimension and jumping to hyperspace , perhaps , and for some reason , Australia was the place where they put this hyperspace portal that is used by extraterrestrials . Could the Blue Mountains of Australia function as an extraterrestrial gateway ? Might this explain the strange phenomena reported in and around the area ? But if so , is there some connection to the local Aboriginal tribe ? There is stories that elders would say that some people had actually traveled back to the Morning Star ... and have come back again . That 's not so much of an abduction , but they have basically went- - have gone back there and come back . The Australian Aborigines have a connection and a relationship with what we call extraterrestrials and UFOs , which goes back tens of thousands of years . They 're rather nonplussed by their existence . They have developed an awareness of individual types of visitors from what we 'd call outer space . This is not new . This has happened thousands of times before . How do we know that ? From all of the remnants that are left behind by the ancients . Only a fool could say , " Oh , no . " We 're the only ones here in this vast amount of space . " Might the indigenous Australians really have an ongoing relationship to otherworldly beings ? Beings who have been visiting the continent for thousands of years ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest further evidence of extraterrestrial contact can be found by examining the Aboriginal rituals known as " dreaming " . As the bustling streets of Sydney fill with workers and tourists- - over 500 miles away , Aboriginal elders known as " men of learning " prepare for a dreaming ceremony . Dreaming is sacred to the culture and represents a complex spiritual concept that transcends linear time . In the beginning , there was great spirit . From the stars they came , and they came down to this place . The elders , the spiritual leaders of the Aboriginal peoples , will-will not only chant , but use hypnotic techniques like the didgeridoo , which makes this humming sound . It will take you into an altered state . It takes them into connection with the Dreamtime , the unseen worlds , to commune with the ancestors , the sky gods . The Dreamtime is this vast storehouse of accumulated wisdom and images and stories . And it 's like other traditions that believe there is a place that everything that has happened is recorded and can be reached by the elders through their altered states . There 's probably no more fundamental concept in Aboriginal cosmology than the concept of the dreaming . Sometimes this is referred to as " the Dreamtime . " And this is the idea of this mythic beginnings of the world , but it 's important in that it 's a sort of transcendent time . And what I mean by that is in their view , it 's never gone away . Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that in many ways , the concept of Dreamtime mirrors the ancient Hindu idea of the Akashic record ... a collection of past , present , and future knowledge believed to be encoded in a non-physical existence known as the astral plane . The Akashic records are sort of like a giant hologram , a holographic world that we can step into to gain wisdom , access knowledge ... perhaps even to connect with extraterrestrial beings . It 's pretty remarkable that the Aborigines would have a concept , the Dreamtime , that matches not only the Akashic records , but also the idea of a holographic paradigm . In 1997 , theoretical physicists proposed a revolutionary idea called the holographic paradigm . Curiously , this theory mirrors the ancient concept shared by the indigenous Australians and also the Hindu tradition . The holographic universe theory suggests that the world that we see is a mere projection from a 2-D space . What we perceive as physical objects are actually projected fragments of data . There is a fascinating idea that perhaps the universe is not three-dimensional . That it 's a projection from a two-dimensional slide of some kind . That it 's a-a hologram- - something like The Matrix , in the movie- - and that we are walking around inside of what seems like 3-D , but in fact is an illusion . While this incredible theory may seem far-fetched , in 2013 , researchers at Ibaraki University in Japan found that the theoretical model is mathematically feasible and might actually be correct . We have this parallel between the Aboriginal Dreamtime , the Hindu Akashic record , and the Holographic Universe Theory- - what would appear to be some kind of extraterrestrial technology that 's putting all the information of the universe into one spot . Is it possible that the Aboriginal elders are tapping into an otherworldly plane when they perform their ceremonies ? A plane that our greatest scientific minds don 't yet fully understand ? If so , does this provide evidence of a maintained connection between this indigenous culture and advanced extraterrestrial beings ? We have to remind ourselves that the Aboriginals are our last direct connection to our extraterrestrial past . It would behoove us to listen , because one thing is clear to me today- - their stories are very clear in their message that we are not alone in the universe . We are the extraterrestrials . Our body is made up of this earth , but our spirit comes from the Morning Star . We come from another place , from another world . We were brought here a long time ago to populate this place everyone now calls Earth . Might the Aboriginal Wisdom Keepers serve as a direct link to our extraterrestrial creators ? And could there be messages left behind for mankind encoded in their sacred traditions ? As we stand at the threshold of a new level of science and understanding , perhaps we will discover that the stories of the world 's oldest living culture not only reveal our true origins ... but also our destiny . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
