 Mom ! Let 's go ! What are you doing ? Kara , this is crazy . Why can 't you tell me what 's going on ? - Where 's the diaper bag ? - I don 't know . I thought you had it . That 's Jed . Let 's go . Okay , I 'm going . - Hi , sweetheart . - Hi . Hi , Sam . Here , take this . Thanks . You got gas ? Supplies ? I filled up on the way over . I need to know what 's going on here , Kara . Does this have something to do with my dad ? You dad 's still in Asia , sweetheart . In Hong Kong ? I 'll explain everything at another time . Okay , ready . I 've got my sat phone if you need me . Call me . Shh , sweetheart . It 's okay . We got him . I 'll call you as soon as I can . Be careful . Start over there . Whatever patients need one . Here . Give this to the medic . He 'll give you further instructions . We 're gonna do everything we can to make you comfortable . Sasha , I need an I.V. bag over here . - How you doing ? - We 're all out , Doc . How you doing ? Take a deep breath . You 'll be okay . Just rest . Welcome back , buddy . We 're out of compression bandages . - Anything you got for me ? - Not right here . I 'll check with ... We 'll get through this . You understand ? Sir . It 's time . I 'll cut up some extra for everybody . Then let 's , uh , change that dressing . I was a plankholder . Did you know that ? No . I don 't believe I did . I watched her being built . Those my windows ? Yeah . We took everything we could use . Like donating your kid 's eyes after a car crash . Team 's clear of the vessel . Charges have been set and rigged to ensure maximum damage to any sensitive technical equipment . Ready to proceed . Captain Meylan , switch is hot . Thank you , Captain Slattery . * The Last Ship * Season 03 Episode 10 " Scuttle " Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala So the plan is just to hold position until Peng rears his head ? Obviously , that 's impossible . Now that search and rescue is complete , - we need to keep moving . - Then what 's on the table ? We 're exploring several potential options , - but we have to ... - Options ? There 's only one option I can see . We need to go home . Not that simple , Captain . Excuse me , Captain . SSES intercepted these communications ... from the Chinese destroyer Sea Dragon . The one we sunk ? It 's all coded . Yes , but it 's likely the cipher is still aboard the vessel . At the bottom of the South China Sea ? Yes , sir . If we could send a team down to retrieve it ... Come on . This is ridiculous . Sir ... Peng could be anywhere right now . We don 't have the fuel to wait him out . Our medical stocks are depleted , and in 72 hours , we won 't be able to feed our people . We 'll find replenishments . We always do . As I understand it , you 've already shut down Peng 's factory . You 've cut off his smuggling operation and destroyed the ship carrying the last of his chemical weapons . What more is there ? As long as Peng is breathing , he 's a threat to the region and to the world . If we don 't stop him , he 'll just set up a new factory and start the genocide all over again . Say we could get a lock on his position . The man still has two destroyers that we know of , and most likely a sizeable army . We 've already lost Hayward and Shackleton , along with the lives of 300 American sailors . Even if we could take down Peng , what 's to say someone else won 't rise up and take his place the minute we leave the region ? I 'm sure I don 't have to remind you that there are a lot of other people in this world who could use our help , and we are wasting our resources fighting what might be an unwinnable battle 10,000 miles away from home . We need to finish the job we were sent here to do . That means cutting the head off the snake . This mission was approved by the Commander in Chief . But the circumstances have changed . We need to talk this over with the President . We 're at EMCON , Captain . Until I can be assured that we have a secure line home , nothing changes . Have Lieutenant Green form a dive team . Search that destroyer . Find the cipher . Yes , sir . Thank you , sir . Thank you all for waiting . This morning , I signed Executive Order 10842 . This order eases restrictions on the federal ration card mandate , provides more local control over banking issues , and temporarily suspends the private property claw back regulations , as set forth my predecessor . Mr. President . Mr. President . Details can be found in your briefing packets , regarding the affected territories . - Where 's Mrs. Green ? - I don 't know . In addition ... I have promoted the Army National Guard to active status and placed them under the control of local leadership in a bid to quell continued riots in the Five Territories . Mr. President . Mr. President , Mr. President , you 've been in office for 48 hours now . How do you account for the immediate rollback of President Michener 's policies ? How do I account for it ? I 'm sorry , but the President will not be taking any questions today . Thank you , sir . Mr. President ! Mr. President , please ! Mr. President , can 't you at least answer anything ? - Mr. President ! - Ms. Shaw , there 's been conjecture that President Oliver 's political sensibilities lie to the right of ... I don 't comment on conjecture . Well , can you tell us if we can expect a further shift in agenda from this White House ? President Oliver is his own man , but the agenda remains the same ... Building a stronger and better America . On that note and due to the President 's increasingly demanding schedule , we 'll be discontinuing these daily addresses ... and replacing them with weekly briefings administered by my office . Thank you very much . That 's a lid on today . Ms. Shaw ! - One question ! Allison ! - Ms. Shaw ! Uh , call for you on 2 . When did we get a second line ? Allison Shaw . Allison , it 's Kara . Kara , where are you ? We 've been calling you all morning . I 'm ... in trouble . I need your help . - What 's wrong ? - Rivera 's dead . Dead ? And Senator Beatty . They were shot in the Capitol parking garage last night . Oh , my God . There was no ... there 's no ... no reports . Are you sure about this ? I was there . I saw it . I 've been wandering around all night . I don 't know what to do . Where are you right now ? It 's all right . You 're gonna be okay . I will send someone to come get you . No . I think we have a mole inside the White House . And until we find them , there 's no one I can trust except you . You need to come alone . Okay , just me . Tell me where you are right now . He 's gonna be coming by ... SW Diner . On Fifth . Hold tight . I 'll be right there . - Could we get the check , please ? - Sure . - You doin ' all right ? - Uh-huh . What can I get ya ? Uh , can I get a glass of milk for my daughter , please ? Sure . Just one second . I need a favor . My team went diving for an item we think was on the Chinese destroyer . Seems some pirates got to it first . You told me you still have some people out there . Yes . You know of any way to get a message to ' em ? Might help us find Peng . Yes . I will try . Sir , my crew has had a couple run-ins with these pirates . In fact , two of my sailors were gravely wounded during a swarm attack . You don 't need to remind me what they 're capable of . We don 't always get to choose our allies . So we 're willing to do anything ? Get in bed with anyone ? Like I said , we 're gonna finish the job . With all due respect , sir ... Usually when someone says " with all due respect , " he 's about to show a lack of respect , Captain . I understand the damage that Peng has done , that 's he responsible for a lot of loss to your crew , and that he even tried to kill you ... And you think this is personal for me . I 've lost a third of mycrew ... and I 'm willing to walk away if that 's what 's for the greater good . - Hmm . - And I get the feeling there are other people in your senior leadership who feel the same way . Sometimes a captain has to make the unpopular call because that 's his responsibility . Someday , I hope you understand that . Now ... all due respect ... I have things to do . Thank you , sir . Are you sure you had the right diner ? Okay . Yes . All right . No , just head back . I have something else for you . Guess our Mrs. Green isn 't just a pretty face after all . It appears that way . How much has she figured out ? It doesn 't matter . She can 't prove any of it . And when are you gonna release the news about Beatty and Rivera ? I will leak it sometime tonight . I didn 't want it convoluting this morning 's press conference . Well ... we need to start corralling the herd . And if Chandler makes it home to rally the troops , all of our lives become much more difficult . I told you that I am dealing with it . You 've been saying that for two weeks now . Everybody 's gettin ' impatient . I have done more than my part , Roberta . And let us not forget that none of you would even have a seat at this table if it wasn 't for me . Don 't fool yourself , dear . You may have set the table , but we 're paying for the groceries and we 're cookin ' the meal . Let 's not forget that . Did you find the decoder ? He 's saying that was only a finder 's fee . If you wanna purchase the cipher , it 's gonna cost double the rations . We barely have enough food to feed our own crew . That 's not gonna work for us . Please , let me talk to him . What 'd he say ? Lau Hu killed Shirahama 's brother . - He said ... - I got it . You have a deal at the original price . Sir , I have an order here for your signature . No one in their right mind would sign this . This isn 't a negotiation , Howard . It 's " Mr. President . " And I 'm not gonna stand by while you destroy this country . I don 't care if you kill me , but I 'm done taking orders . We can 't kill you , sir . But I will remind you that we can kill your family . It was only five months ago . We had a plan , a good plan , and it worked . We cured a whole country . What the hell happened to that ? How did we get to this ? There are forces at work here , and they are bigger than me , and they are bigger than you . And they 're stretched all the way across the Pacific , where you 're exterminating whole races of people . We had no idea what Peng was planning to do . All we needed was his help to get rid of Chandler . The landscape of this country is changing , and there is nothing that anyone can do to stop it . I am still the President of the United States , and I can stop it . We can stop it . It can 't be too late , Allison . Sign it ... Mr. President . Passive radar is clear , sir . No sign of the Chinese . How 's the temperature below deck ? Considering the circumstances ... I 'd call it a low simmer . New kid thinks my motivations might not be completely impartial . New kid 's had a rough day . He 'll buck up . What do you think ? Do you believe this is personal for me ? At this point , sir ... it 's personal for all of us . Sir . The cipher the pirates found checked out . So far , we 've isolated two direct communications between the Sea Dragon destroyer and Peng . Can we pinpoint his location in China ? That 's just it , sir . He 's not in China . He 's mobilized his remaining destroyers off the coast of Tokyo . And the latest intel suggests he 's aboard one of those destroyers . Hey . Are you alone ? I , uh ... yeah . Shut the door . Is our relationship about to change ? Alex Rivera and Senator Beatty are dead . What ? I thought Rivera was leaking information to Peng , so I followed him . He was meeting with Beatty when they were both gunned down by the Secret Service . Gunned down ? I found pictures of troop readiness reports on Rivera 's phone . I need to know why he was bringing these to Beatty . I need to know what they were into , - what they were planning . - Okay , okay , slow down . It was an inside job . And Shaw was part of it . I don 't know who I can trust . But your press credentials still get you access to the White House . So you want me to break into Senator Beatty 's office , after he was just murdered by the Secret Service along with the Secretary of Foreign Affairs ? And I think they killed the President , too . What ? And I know for a fact the Chief of Staff was in on it and that she 's been double-dealing with Peng . Please , Jacob ... just get into Beatty 's office . I know there 's something there . XO , we have a top secret SCI communication coming from central command . It 's double encrypted . Put it through first stage decrypt and print it out . Aye , ma 'am . First stage decrypt commencing . There 's gotta be something more you can give him . I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm doing the best I can with the ice . There 's a lot of guys in worse shape than him . It 's okay , sir . I 'm all right . Captain Meylan , a message for you from central command . First stage decrypted , it 's now in command code . Thank you , Commander . - You hanging in there ? - I am . It still hurts . All right , let me get you some pain medication . Captain Chandler . Captain Meylan . Something on your mind ? I have a flash order from the Commander in Chief to place you under arrest , relieve Captain Slattery of his command , and take Nathan James back to San Diego . What the hell did you say ? " Illegal incursion into the sovereign territory of a foreign country . Attempted murder of a foreign leader . Destroying a noncombative foreign vessel . Dereliction of duty . " Ah , this is bullshit . You can verify it if you like . Mike , you realize what this means ? The White House has been compromised . That 's how Peng kept getting our coordinates . It 's more than that . My plane exploding , you guys getting ambushed ... Michener . You saying he didn 't kill himself ? We got a coup ? I talked to Oliver 24 hours ago . He said we had his full support . Now this ? Code is accurate , sir . Order like this comes through fleet command , addressed to our XO , not you . Everything about this stinks . We can 't follow it . It 's not our place to question a confirmed order from the Commander in Chief . But my guess is that POTUS has lost faith in your senior command , which is a hell of a lot more plausible than your paranoid conspiracy theories . Well , let 's get the President on the phone . - We 'll talk to him ... - Can 't do that , Captain . Like you said , we 're at EMCON . It won 't matter , not if Oliver 's in on it . If you 're so worried about what 's going on back home , all the more reason we should head that way . We 'll sort it out there . You don 't understand . We 're not gonna make it home alive . The person who sent you those orders is the same person who just destroyed your ship . We 'll get sunk before we hit Pearl Harbor . Yeah , you heard those charges . They 're absurd . From what I 've seen in my short time on this ship , these charges don 't surprise me one bit . But it 's not about what I think . Master at Arms Plummer . Yes , sir . Please remand Captain Chandler into custody . Stand down . I 'll comply with the order . You need to keep the peace right now . I 'll be counting on you , Captain . Sir . Lieutenant Granderson , Lieutenant Mejia , you are relieved of duty . Please exit the pilot house . XO Cobb . Yes , sir . Arrest those men stealing our food . Yes , sir . Set a course for Pearl Harbor , where we will refuel and continue directly on toward San Diego . Aye , sir . I 've already sequestered Green , Burk , and Taylor , so don 't think about doing anything stupid . Not a good idea . You are relieved , Captain Slattery . Yes , I am , but if you get on that mike and you tell the crew that you 've arrested Tom Chandler and you 're taking control of the Nathan James , you 're gonna have to sequester a lot more than just those three guys . That 's a course we don 't come back from . Attention , all hands . This is Captain Mike Slattery . Effective immediately , by order of the Commander in Chief , Captain Tom Chandler has been relieved of duty and placed under arrest . Per that same order , I have been relieved of duty , and Captain Joe Meylan has taken command of the ship . Come on , let 's go . Keep moving . Now . - I expect every member of this crew ... to perform their duties with the professionalism and determination customary to this ship . This is Captain Slattery . That is all . The Chief of Naval Operations asked to see me . I understand your captain was kind enough to grant me 10 minutes . 10 minutes . We 're just gonna move the additional pallets into ... Tom , what the hell is going on ? I want you to ask for a court martial . You 'll be my legal council . What ? Meylan will have to empanel a court . He 's not permitted to sit in judgment over a superior officer ... so I 'll have to hand in my commission . You 'll never win . He 'll stack the court with his top people . Good . Let him . Tom , he could put you in front of a firing squad . There hasn 't been a military execution in the U.S. since ' 61 . Stop being cute . We 're pawns in a bigger game . I don 't know what it is yet , but I know this ... If we go home , whoever 's behind this , they 'll kill us all . I need to retake command of the ship . There 's a way out of this , but technically , it involves me committing treason . So if you want nothing to do with it , I 'll understand . Tell me the goddamn plan . Credentials , sir . Okay . Tightening up security around here , huh ? Yes , sir . Make sure they 're posted , teams of two . Yes , I , uh , will change them every 30 minutes . Can I help you ? No . Uh , I was just looking for the senator . He 's out of town this week . Oh . Must 've got my dates crossed . Thanks . I still can 't find any record of a conversation between Chandler and Michener regarding the break-in to Peng 's mansion . I asked Granderson . She says it doesn 't exist . What a mess . Secret Service were cleaning out Beatty 's office . They beat us to the punch . Damn it . I was pretty sure you weren 't crazy , but with Oliver reversing Michener 's policies , Shaw hijacking his press conference , and now this , something 's going on . I didn 't wanna have to do this . Do what ? There 's one person at the White House I can trust . I didn 't wanna put him at risk . Didn 't mind putting me at risk . Thank you . Yes , ma 'am . This is Dennis . Don 't react . Don 't look up . Shaw is the leak . I don 't know who else is in on it , but I need you to do something for me . That 's a lot of moving parts , sir . We 'll get it done . Unfriendly on your nine . What 's this ? Adding everything we can to the ration pile , sir . Thank you , gentlemen . - Can I speak with you ? - Yeah . Sure . - Captain . - Hmm ? Me and my team have been over every file , every log , and deposed every key member of your crew . And I can tell you with certainty that Tom Chandler cannot mount a proper defense with the evidence available to him on this ship . You need to get him to reconsider . Back when the plague broke , he refused a Presidential order to return home . Didn 't have any information , didn 't have any facts , didn 't know what the hell was going on . But we survived at sea and we found the cure because of his instincts . Isn 't it possible his instincts are right again ? I 'm not saying he shouldn 't refute the charges . But to do it here , under these circumstances ... Circumstances don 't add up . Come on . Order from the Commander in Chief comes out of the blue for you to break the chain of command and arrest the head of the Navy , just after we 've been attacked by the Chinese ? You 're smarter than that , Captain . It 's not about ... I don 't have a choice here . Oh , we always have a choice . To be clear ... I 'm not saying exoneration is unlikely . I 'm saying it 's impossible . Well , then I can 't help you . He 's gonna want his day in court . And you 're gonna have to give it to him . Hey . Hey . Did you get a message to the James ? It 's gonna be almost impossible . Shaw 's upped security in the whole building . What about Oliver ? Do you think he 's in all of this ? It 's hard to tell . The guy barely ever leaves his office . May I ? So I got Beatty 's calendar , some projects he was working on for Michener . I had to do some decryption work , but I found this one file tucked away ... in a hidden folder . What are we looking at here ? Red dots . Sharp borders between regions . These guys are staking their claim . - I gotta get back to the office . - Dennis . Yeah , I 'll get a message off to the James . That 's not what I was gonna say . Just be careful . Yeah . Just doesn 't make any sense . I heard that ... this new President 's been in office for what , a day ? I mean , what the hell 's really going on here ? It 's like some animal kingdom shit . Marking his territory , you know ? Yeah , good luck with that . Chandler 's basically American royalty at this point . He should just get a free pass for life . What 's that mean ? Hmm ? A pass ? What 's he need a pass for ? Nothing . No , I was just saying . You know , come on . He didn 't do anything wrong . He doesn 't need a damn pass , especially from a grunt like you . - Whoa . Chill , Eric . - It 's PO2 , blivit . You know what I meant , okay ? Hey , I was eating that ! You 've been complaining since you got here , and I 'm sick of it ! How about showing a little - goddamn gratitude ? - Gratitude ? Yeah , for pulling you and all your helpless little buddies out of the drink ! Who you calling helpless ? We wouldn 't have even been there if you pussies hadn 't called us for help . You just call me a pussy ? ! Hey ! Back off him , huh ? ! You back off ! Come here ! Come on , knock it off ! Stand down ! Master at Arms , Master at Arms , Report to mess deck immediately . Stand down ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Break it up ! Break it up ! We 're on the same side , you assholes ! Break it up ! God ... Break it up ! Stand down ! Stand down ! - Just like old times , huh ? - Yes , sir . What the hell is the matter with you ? ! What the hell are they ... They 're stockpiling supplies in all these warehouses . Food ? Food , medicine . They 're in such remote areas . I mean , Clallam Bay , population 's under 500 . But according to this , they 've got enough food in the warehouse there to feed thousands of people for six months . Isn 't there a red dot near Clallam Bay ? Yeah , there is . Looks like some of these other warehouses line up , too . Maybe that 's what the dots are . No . The dots are prisons . Check them out . - Benton , Arkansas . - Yep . Bismarck , North Dakota . Big Spring , Texas . Yep and yep . 46 prisons for a population our size ? All maximum security . And they 're spread out evenly in the territories . There 's controlling the troops , hoarding the food , and expecting people to resist . Beatty must 've been getting cold feet . That 's why he didn 't go to the funeral . That 's why he was trying to get to Rivera . Shit ! Uhh ! Gentlemen , I need to depose these witnesses . Sorry , Ma 'am . No one in or out . - Orders from Captain Meylan . - I don 't have time for this . You 're interfering with official Navy proceeding . What 's going on here ? I 'm sorry , Ma 'am , but we got orders from Captain Meylan ... Finally . On your knees . Okay , boys . Not a lot of time to discuss the ramifications here , but I will say upfront ... If we do this , it 's dry fire only . You want us to take back the ship without loaded weapons ? Well , Hayward 's crew won 't fire on us . They don 't want blue on blue either . I appreciate what I 'm asking . I think history will side with us when the President 's order is proven unlawful . Sorry about this , boys . Well , if we don 't have bullets , we 're gonna need more guns , Captain . Way ahead of ya . Take a seat , please . Captain Chandler ... Before we begin , you 're entitled to make an opening statement . I 've spent half my life in the Navy . Like you , I did everything right . Worked my way through the pipeline just to get my chance to lead . Nathan James was my first command . Suddenly ... I was thrust into a situation that no one can prepare you for . The world was turned upside-down , and all the rules were thrown out . But ... The Navy taught me many things . Most importantly , it taught me to adapt . I had to make some difficult decisions . God knows I made some mistakes . But never once did I waver from what I knew to be right ... The core values that run through all of our veins . Honor ... courage ... commitment . And I served my sailors as they served me . Get down and drop your weapons ! And as we all serve this great country of ours . I didn 't ask for this . I could 've taken this uniform off at any time . But I always believed in the work that we were doing as a team , and the decisions that I was making as a captain . And though my tactics changed to address an insane world ... my resolve and my dedication to the Navy never faltered . I stand by my record . Keep your hands up ! What the hell is this ? I see . This was never about your guilt or innocence . You forced our hand here , Captain . There was a moment today ... where I actually had my doubts . Thank you for removing those for me . When the chips fall , if I 'm proven wrong , I 'll face justice from a higher power than you . Cooper , Green , please remove the officers and sequester them in Helo Bay 2 . Gladly . Captain , I need you to set a new course for Japan . Yes , sir . Let 's go . On your feet . The body of Senator Beatty and Secretary Rivera were discovered late last night . An arrest warrant has been issued for Kara Green , a senior military advisor , and Jacob Barnes , White House reporter , in connection with the double homicide . Meanwhile , we will have more of this story ... You really think this friend of yours can help us ? If we can find him . What the ... Get the last two off the truck ! Drop that one in , and we 're ready ! All right , secure it ! Easy ! What the hell is that ? They 're building a wall ... Drop a pin in it when she 's done ! making those regional borders permanent . Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala
