 First , we must begin by explaining my profession . What I most greatly require is corpses . 1878 London It was proven that after death a person 's body will lighten by 21 grams compared to their weight while alive . This is the weight of the soul 's essence or what one might consider the weight of the soul . By installing an artificial soul essence into a corpse that has lost its soul we are able to resurrect the dead . However , that is a false soul . Dr. Victor Frankenstein resurrected the first corpse - The One . It is said he was able to speak pursue love and even harbor murderous intent . In his despair he took the technologies he developed-the Memorandum of Victor and disappeared . He left us only imitations of The One dolls lacking both souls and language . If The One possessed a soul if that 21 gram soul could be returned to empty bodies then could those who have passed away live once more ? Move . Can you see me ? Do you recognize me ? Walk . Stop . Power output ... is working fine . Reach out . Take this pen . Write down every conversation and action . I hope this will become your soul . Welcome back , Friday . Now , just prior to the turn of the 20th century corpse technologies are already able to control a nation 's fate . When Dr. Victor Frankenstein succeeded in resurrecting the dead 100 years ago people feared and detested resurrection and steadfastly rejected corpse technology . The earliest to accept corpses were women . If corpses were to act as soldiers , they would not have to lose their husbands and sons to war . The world realized the value of corpse technologies for military affairs and began to strongly push the development of corpse technology forward . The military technology born amidst this also enabled civilian uses . It has throroughly changed people 's everyday lives . Artificial soul essences , made from repeated simulations by analytical engines and recorded onto punch cards have been named " Necroware . " They are making optimizations for coachmen , housekeepers , laborers , and various fields of work . In the living world , corpses increase with each passing day . Even now , it is hardly an overstatement to say that corpses are the backbone of the world economy . At the once frightening fortress , the Tower of London here , corpse engineers improve Necroware day after day , endlessly supplying updates to the corpses of the world by means of the analytical engine of exceptional calculation capabilities the Charles Babbage . This is a tale of corpses . A Cambridge Engine extended with an Edinburgh Language Engine into a dual engine soul analysis configuration . You were able to do this in such a short time . How elegant . But you too must realize that soul essence analysis is a national secret . Knowledge of it is a serious crime . Yet you still took the risk . Just what were you intending ? The survivors might feel quite grieved if they were to know that it was the deceased 's dearest friend who stole the remains . The tabloids wouldn 't keep quiet either . The abnormal love of an outstanding University of London medical student . Resurrecting corpses without permission and installing illegal Necroware for that , imprisonment is unavoidable . Did you believe I didn 't anticipate that I 'd be traced ? Never mind . How could I allow such talent and enthusiasm to rot away in this cave ? Her Royal Majesty isn 't this devoid of sense . Shall we make a deal then ? I am M. Come serve the British Empire John Watson . 1878 British India Bombay Former U.S. President , Ulysses S. Grant . Did he come to personally hawk the technologies developed in the Civil War ? What was that just now ? What exploded ? Don 't sit around dumbstruck , student . What are you doing ! You don 't want to die on the frontlines , do you ? Let 's go ! Hurry and throw it off ! It 'll explode ! Friday ! Do something ! Damn ! What is with that man ? They 're Russian controlled corpse explosives . Explosives that aren 't shipped as cargo but instead are made from the corpses themselves . Through breaking the fats down into glycerol ? It 's well made . Is now the time to be admiring them ? The next wave is on its way . Get in and hold on tight ! The Russians are giving it their all too . Why are they shooting ? They 're aiming at the valuables . It 's not just us . Friday , take the gun out of my bag ! Hurry and get rid of him ! Friday ! Shoot him ! Friday ! Use the gun you 're holding ! Shoot him in the head ! Shoot ! How bothersome . Let 's switch . Switch ? Just sit here and hold onto the reins . Don 't say it like it 's easy ! Well , that 's dealt with . You 're Burnaby . Captain Frederick Burnaby ? The guide assigned by Walsingham or rather , someone to monitor me ? Wrong on both counts . I 'm here to babysit an idiot , corpse enthusiast student . Don 't be so put off . Just like with your predecessors , at worst , I 'll still send your corpse back . It 's an age where even a corpse can serve their country . Predecessors ? What 's that about ? He got blown up by explosives . That 's why they dispatched you . I didn 't hear of this ! Probably forgot to tell you . Well , that was just bad luck . Best of luck to you . Oh , that 's right . Write down that I 'm a handsome man . You don 't need to write that , Friday . Hey , hey , let him work a little ! It 's you who 's getting in the way of his work . There 's quite a few infantry . The older Krishna organization as well as the Carabinieri . They 're being sent to Afghanistan . Soon there 'll be more dead than living . For a corpse engineer like you , it 'd be rather interesting place . This isn 't for you . I don 't want it . Right , there 's something for you . Here . What is it ? Sent over by Walsingham . Identification papers ? To use as a disguise . A medical school professor acting as a military doctor . I haven 't graduated yet ... This man ... Alexei Fyodorovich Karamazov . He was a military chaplain in the Russian Empire ... The man purported to be the Romanov Dynasty 's Dr. Frankenstein , correct ? Three months ago , that corpse engineer lead military corpses in an armed rebellion . We lost track of him in inland Afghanistan . What was his goal ? To establish a new kingdom with corpses as subjects . As the price to avoid punishment let me infiltrate war torn Afghanistan to investigate that kingdom . Karamazov took with him the lost research notes of Dr. Victor Frankenstein . The Memorandum of Victor . The technology behind the creation of the only corpse that had a soul and possessed language - The One-is recorded in there ... The Third Section under the Tsar 's control has also begun to move . This is the Great Game . Whether it 's the Russian Empire , or Karamazov we cannot allow them to seize world hegemony . To investigate the circumstances of the empire of corpses and secure the Memorandum of Victor ... That is your mission . You 've come rather late . I had almost thought you 'd died . We ran into more than a few things . Seems they don 't teach you about punctuality in Britain . You 're the same impertinent brat as ever . Pleased to meet you . I am Nikolai Krasotkin . I 'm Watson . John Watson . A madman engineer who , on their own initiative , turned their friend into a corpse . Well , I won 't press that issue for the time being . I 've been eagerly awaiting you Dr. Watson . This way , then . That man 's Russian , isn 't he . We were nearly killed by his comrades in Bombay ! No worries . He 's a collaborator to guide us . As if I could believe that ! Hey , Burnaby ! The new techniques that Karamazov acquired from the Memorandum ... Don 't you want to see them ? Let 's go , Friday . You are also pursuing the Memorandum , aren 't you ? Why are you cooperating with us ? Please , there 's no need to worry . I 'll let you have the Memorandum . We need only ensure Karamazov 's person that will be enough . So that 's how it is . There are internal turmoils in the Russian Empire . The sought after outcomes are different , so the path there will also differ . That 's all . We 've a long ways to go . We 're all special agents here , so let 's try to get along . Alright . Reload and try again . How valiant . They 're self defense methods . Although their cognitive ability is no match for a human never hesitating is also very outstanding . But I hope that what he shoots isn 't you . Are you from the same place as Alexei Karamazov ? It 's exactly as your materials have written . He stole the Memorandum during a corpse soldier experiment along with some test subjects . Did he succeed in the reappearance of The One ? What 's in the Memorandum ... Or no , I heard that he completed the analysis of the Memorandum ... Who knows . Did he want to set up an assassin organization , like the ancient assassins ' sects ? Due to these doubts we must handle this case in a covert , sophisticated manner . But with regards to you you can 't allow Karamazov to be killed . Whatever he did in those remote , uninhabited regions if it suits the interests of the nation , I must bring it back . He 's currently in the Kokcha Valley north of Kabul . If you even knew that why are you still collaborating with us ? Because we need you Dr. Watson . An expert in corpse technology , like you . Fire ! 1878 Khyber Pass Without amassing more enemies , firing is just a waste of ammunition . Let them fight . Before so many corpse soldiers expecting them to maintain self-restraint is harsh . Victory or defeat can be predicted with a single calculation what 's the purpose of a real battle ? In that case , it becomes a mere game . Mankind needs legends . Legends bursting with words that are burning with passion . The majority of people cannot understand your theory . Without understanding it , they cannot accept it other than those who can personally see and experience it . Stories are born from our foolishness reaffirming it repeatedly . And the conclusion is this ? Seems like the path has eased up a bit . Don 't let your guard down . Enemies can see very clearly here . You really will die if you 're absentminded . Curses ! Split up , quickly ! This might turn into something interesting , for the first time in a while . Please , step back . Friday , level the gun . I can hardly believe it he can even predict the opponent 's movements . Is he really a corpse ? He dodged it ! Did my country implement that , after all ? Dr. Watson ! That 's Necroware developed by Karamazov ! It 's so dexterous , the movement ability of each joint 's coordinated activity . The ability to grasp the situation and to predict and choose the best strategy is entirely unlike corpses up until now . They possess intent to kill a murderous intent . What we seek - the technologies of Victor ... is there . It 's endless . Watson ! Hurry ! Don 't be so captivated . It 's not that ! Is there ... no other way ? There isn 't . Hurry it up . You want that woman to come rescue you ? I get it . Burnaby ... I 'm not going to listen to your last words . Those new types ... Can we capture one ? What ? Install . Supply power . Was the murderous intent I felt from this corpse himself or was it merely due to a difference in the installed programs ? Does he have language ? Does he possess a soul ? Move . Increase the load on the cognition control system . This is it . It 's these eyes . Can you speak ? Increase the output rate , Friday . What is your name ? Say it ! Say your name ! Experiment suspended Friday . Why did you ask for the corpse 's name ? What do you mean ? Perhaps it has something to do with your friend ? Noble _ Savage _ 007 . This is Friday 's registered name , as one of Walsingham 's assets . The dead are of course assigned unique numbers as a symbol of their identity . Names will be abandoned . Even if you analyze the ID , you can see naught but their basic performance . Corpses have no need of names they cannot speak . Just why do you seek the Memorandum so dearly ? Aren 't all those who deal with corpse technology like that ? You 're more or less the same , no ? A conviction in technology is like instinct for them . If they could see it so clearly , it might be relaxing . Yes . The Memorandum might be real , Friday . It might even prove your theory true . You must be Dr. Watson . I am Hadaly . President Grant 's secretary . Earlier , in that dangerous place ... The Honorable Ulysses S. Grant enjoys taking risks . Did he have a soul ? That corpse earlier moved about like a living human and also retained intelligence . Then , what of the soul ? My friend often used to say , thought precedes language . And that corpse tried to speak . In other words , is the soul hidden behind thought ? At the moment , it 's no more than speculation but I 'll definitely prove it . Is your soul wishing for that ? I 've never once felt a soul and I have no idea what it really is . Perhaps he and I are even closer . May we meet again , somewhere . You can 't be too certain about women like that . Be careful . Why did Karamazov want to steal corpse soldiers to start his rebellion ? Based on the new types of corpses it would seem the reappearance of The One is already imminent . Does he require a reason ? If he at least had a reason , I could be convinced . Your mission is to secure the Memorandum not to investigate the causes or reasons behind the event , is it not ? You can ask Aloysha about his story yourself . We 've arrived . Women and children corpses ... I 've waited a long time Dr. Watson . I am Alexei Karamazov . You 're in exceedingly good health Aloysha . You 've worked hard , Kolya . Thank goodness you were able to make it . If bringing us here was your mission I wish we could have taken an easier route . The British Empire has taken a strong interest in the current incident . I hope you can inform us of your motives . It was something Nikolai and I discovered during a mission to a small island in the Arctic Circle . Dr. Watson . Why is it that you seek the Memorandum ? For the reappearance of The One or perhaps by the nation 's command ? In the pursuit of corpse technology , a just cause matters not . I had also pursued the reappearance of The One in the past conducting experiments again and again . The countless corpses that accumulated the countless eyes that had lost their radiance ... When I noticed that it was myself that was reflected in those eyes I came to my senses and asked myself what exactly it was that I was pursuing . I will ask you once more . Why is it that you seek the Memorandum ? The advancement of corpse technology and the reappearance of The One . Even if you would have to break taboos ? There will always be a day when even forbidden technology becomes normal and proper . In any case , nowadays corpses have been integrated into life . So it is . Once a technology is born it will never again be stopped by anyone 's will . Because of this , Nikolai and I dealt away with the information and altered the important portions . The Russian Empire has already introduced the new corpse type to the battlefield . The world order will be restructured . Britain hasn 't turned a blind eye to this . Where is the Memorandum ? If you pursue the Memorandum then you must promise that you 'll destroy it . Why ? There is no reason . The sum of your words up until this moment will eventually determine your legacy . Friday ... The reason you seek the Memorandum is him , isn 't it ? You don 't treat him as an object . Dr. Watson . Have you made up your mind to carry the burden of the reality that lies in the technologies of the Memorandum ? No matter what kind of reality lies in wait I will obtain the Memorandum . Those are the words that will guide you on this journey . I 'm glad that I could converse with you like this . My pleasure ... Then , I 'll see you tomorrow . Friday , come with me . Please , don 't avert your gaze . This is the new corpse technology that you seek . Stop ! Nikolai ! I 'll remove this ! My duties ... until now ... to each ... of you ... have concluded ... How could ... Installing an artificial soul into a living being should be impossible ! Opium ? Degeneration music is also important . The artificially clouded , degenerate consciousness is created and then fixed in place with an artificial soul . This is the method recorded in the Memorandum . You 're a madman ! This is no more than murder ! You are the same ! You dissected a living man at the Khyber Pass a living man just like Nikolai ! I also used my brother as a test subject . You and I are alike . In chasing the reappearance of The One we even used those dearest to us as stepping stones . Nikolai 's soul ... where is it ? There is no soul only concealing death in the future . Do you understand now the foolishness of this technology ? It 's only that the technology hasn 't been perfected ! Why don 't you continue researching further ? If you had bravely pressed forth perhaps the soul would be right before you ! How could you act as though the sacrifices of your dearest friends never occurred ! The one who 's averting his eyes is you ! Expressing one 's thoughts to someone is truly difficult . Please forgive me , Nikolai . Brother ... This is the only way left . The Memorandum is currently in Japan ... If you wish to keep researching then continue onward , please . However , when the Memorandum is before you I hope you can recall my words . Our wish is to destroy the Memorandum . I ... ! Russia passed down an assassination order on Nikolai and Karamazov . In the short time they had remaining they could only gamble on you serving as the conscience of corpse engineers . Why didn 't Karamazov destroy the Memorandum himself ? The same as why you could never destroy Friday yourself . I 'll go to Japan . How are you going to explain to Walsingham ? I 'll continue to pursue the Memorandum . That ought to be enough . Forgetting something like that , after having seen it ... That 's not something I can do . Although he was a fellow that would get on your nerves we did share some drinks , laughs , and banter so I 'll help him out with destroying it . Let 's go . To Japan . 1879 Tokyo Pardon me . Are you from Britain ? In the battles against Russia some time ago we received quite a bit of help from the British Empire . I 've served as a military attache in the past and witnessed the Siege of Plevna on the Russian front myself . But the British Empire has never been to Plevna . Is that the official statement ? Because of my colleague Mr. Nikolai Krasotkin 's request the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has sent me as a member of the Imperial Japanese Army I am Yamazawa Seigo . Your companion is also waiting outside . This way , please . What are you doing ? In depth investigation . Any results ? I got caught right away . No results at all . Aren 't you ashamed to be dressed like that ? It isn 't underclothes , what 's there to be ashamed of ? Is that so ? As long as it pleases you . The Memorandum isn 't here ? The former Russian diplomat was entrusted by Karamazov with the Memorandum until he returned to his country . But after contacting Osato Chemicals he severed communications . And Osato Chemicals is ? A stock company of the former Shogunate primarily focused on developing corpse technology . At some point , they began concealing all their business dealings . Was that at the same time they obtained the Memorandum ? In order to regain power from the new government it appears that they conspired to develop new corpse types . It seems suspicious . Isn 't that even better ? It 's more intriguing this way . Pardon me . As expected , Dr. Watson is in Japan . Captain Burnaby has also gone with him . Did your prediction come true , sir ? My job is to predict the future , after all . The majority of the perimeter garrison has been dealt with . We 'll be safe for now . The second research building has traces of illegal entry . Did someone get here first ? 23 minutes ago . There 's a possibility . I see no guards . The living have all been killed . It 's a trap , no matter how you look at it . Shall we come another time ? No . Let 's accept the invitation . They even attacked unarmed men ... It appears the Memorandum still possesses a great attraction . These must be the men that came ahead of us . Yes . They 're Walsingham 's agents . There 's no mistaking it . Looks like there are also others targeting the Memorandum , besides us and Britain . What are these blotches ? Living people infected with pathogens . By creating confusion in the mind it 's possible to write in an artificial soul . Have they been spreading biological weapons recently ? Tch , using these good-for-nothing tricks . Hurry and destroy the Memorandum . Else there 'll be more and more dead . This isn 't good . They look like experts . They 're mindless swords . I don 't know what you mean by mindless but it 's exactly what I was hoping for ! Please , step back . Watson ! We 'll handle this . Quickly go and destroy the Memorandum ! Watson ! Go ! Destroy the Memorandum ! I 'm sorry . Let 's go , Friday . Friday , find the Memorandum of Victor . This is ... the Memorandum of Victor . Thought precedes language . So long as there is language there is a heart and in there , the existence of the soul . Let us prove the 21 grams of the soul . My wish ... Our wish is to destroy the Memorandum . Friday , analyze the Memorandum of Victor . Watson ! What are you doing ! ? This ... Is it some kind of cipher ? Where 's the technology to restore the soul ? Watson ! Deal with it , quickly ! Watson ! Is that the end ... ? The corpses ' movements have stopped . Friday ! It 's time . Let 's retreat now . What 's wrong , Friday ! Can you see me ? Friday ! Watson ! Get ready to retreat ! Let 's use the maintenance passage ! Answer me , Friday ! Tell me you hear it ! Watson ! What are you doing ! ? I 'm here . I 'm right here ! Hey , Watson ! Friday ! What 's wrong ? Get a hold of yourself ! What are you doing , put him down ! What happened to destroying the Memorandum ! ? Friday already analyzed the Memorandum ! He was about to speak his soul might have been about to return ! Seems to me there 's just an error in the update . Move out of the way . No . What did Karamazov tell you ? Don 't tell me you 've forgotten . Are you going to let their - let Nikolai 's death be in vain ? You 're only looking at what you want to see ! Move ! This kind of thing shouldn 't exist in this world . Stop ! Friday 's soul was right there ! If this is what 's considered the reappearance of the soul then I 'd rather not let him suffer any longer ! Friday ... Protect the Memorandum ... Foolish humans . Why do they pursue the technologies of Victor , even to this extent ? Arrogant , yet also indulging in fantasy and therefore short sighted . You are much like Victor Frankenstein . The One . I have no name . In the past hundred years ' time only I have never been called out for by a human . Interesting . It seems your master thinks he can bring you back to life by means of Victor 's technology . Give back the Memorandum . Will you , perhaps , walk upon the same path as Victor ? Let us go . Give back ... Friday ... Is your theory correct ? I couldn 't fulfill our promise ... I 'm sorry ... Seems like I won 't be long for the living world . What are you saying ? Don 't be like this . Let 's continue the research . The existence of the lost 21 grams of the soul I can 't prove it without you ! I 'll leave this room to you . You carry on break open my grave and use my corpse . If I feel the soul I 'll give this signal . Like this . Then , our theory can be proven . Promise ? Because you couldn 't fulfill our promise everyone died . Being able to freely control people 's souls is so alluring that even if you realize it is taboo , it 's impossible to let go . You ravaged those people who can never return , through methods from which there is no return ! The pattern that no one could piece together the cloth skillfully woven out of souls was pierced into by your crude fingertips . Friday ! How could ... Dr. Watson . It 's dangerous here . Friday ! Dr. Watson ! Friday ! Dr. Watson . Are you alright ? You can 't get up yet . You still need to rest . Where is this ? Aboard the USS Richmond . We are headed toward the United States . Are you also seeking the Memorandum ? I 'd like to apologize . In order to stop him , I used a potent drug . My power couldn 't stop him . What about Burnaby ? Please don 't worry . He is also aboard this ship . Mr. Yamazawa is also safe although he is in Japan . I ... According to the ship 's doctor , you contracted cholera . Was the infection source the new corpse type at Osato Chemicals ... ? Careful not to catch it . I 'm fine . You 'll be able to move about soon . For now , please rest well . Thank you , Hadaly . The One bears a grudge against mankind . He was born because of the desires of humans yet was cast away because of their selfishness . The hatred and loneliness that a typical corpse cannot feel became his driving force . He used analytical engines and the Memorandum to cause a great number of corpses to lose control in nations across Europe and Asia . We cannot allow The One , who possesses the Memorandum of Victor to endlessly propagate these dangerous technologies . I hope you can persuade Dr. Watson to fix his doll . What can fixing Friday do ? This is a writing ball seized from Osato Chemicals . I hope Dr. Watson can come analyze the traces left behind in here by The One . Sorry , but that 's something I can 't do . You should ask him directly . Please . But still I 'll repay you for saving my life . Hey , you there ! Hand that mop over . Could you rope in the doctor ? If we don 't get to it quickly , that old man will slip away . The look in your eyes that I saw in Japan was real . The analysis of the Memorandum should have also been successful . But since then no matter how advanced the Necroware I re-install the past you still doesn 't return . Have my actions merely brought you all the more pain ? What is Friday to you ? A friend ? A test subject ? I don 't know whether Alexei and Nikolai were right or wrong but they paid the price for it with their lives ! Then what about you ! ? What have you done ? Stop being fixated on the dead . The Paul Bunyan . One of the eight great analytical engines . In your great mind , a machine with thoughts powered by steam and electricity you 're imprisoned by the words of many installed corpses making incoherent dreams . Awaken . Transmit my words to all corpses . Liberate them from the ways of former humans . It seems we were too late . It 's dangerous here . Prepare to escape . Sorry . Let 's go ! It 's not here either ? Where is it hidden ? The Paul Bunyan has also been captured by The One . The region within the sound waves ' reach is under the control of The One . Sound waves ? What the hell ? Bastard ! What is The One 's goal ? The President says he wants revenge against mankind but I think The One is searching for something . That answer , the answer to what I seek and your answer might be right there . If he loses control , use this . Because my power cannot stop him . Come here . The One was a step ahead of the United States England , Egypt , India , Afghanistan , Japan . We searched for traces of him and the Memorandum across the whole world but were unable to catch him . Dr. Watson only your will finally reached The One and the Memorandum . Making use of the mayhem to steal , are you ? Unlike corpses , the living can 't be manipulated by you ! But , Hadaly you 're different . Bring it here . The soul weighs 21 grams - then , what is the origin of that weight ? You 've almost reached that answer . I want a soul a soul that lets my eyes fill with tears , that lets me feel happiness and sorrow . Please . Please lead me there . I 've paid off the debt I owed you now . Don 't let them escape ! Hold on ! Hadaly ! A robot could never have dreams ! 1879 San Francisco Hadaly you 're able to control corpses ? Through a special language . Is that the true nature of the sound waves ? Necroware , the analytical engines , and even this society so long as it is a complex pattern then a security hole must exist . You and The One are able to attack there . Aren 't you going to go stop The One ? The Paul Bunyan is that way . I don 't think he 's there anymore . Dr. Watson my safe house is below the lighthouse . Let 's regroup there . Hold on tight ! Friday ... Damn ! This is ... what Alexei spoke of ... the reality brought about by the Memorandum ... Dr. Watson . Use the drug ! Ahead ! There 's too many . Can we charge through ? Here we go . Friday ! Stop ! Come , quickly ! You go on ahead . What about you ? I 'll buy some time for you here . You can 't ! This situation was caused by me ! I can 't cast you two aside ! Leave this to us . Get to the safehouse , fast . Alexei had asked me if I had up my mind if I would continue forward , no matter what reality I faced . If I had understand the meaning of his words then ... Hadaly , please ... You 're ... I ... am a robot . What you should do now is search for the location of The One . We will follow you soon . Catch The One . Tell me the secret of the soul . Promise . The moment I touched the Memorandum of Victor I thought I could finally fulfill my promise . No matter what I had to do I only wanted to fulfill our promise . Friday ... What do your eyes see now ? Just where is your soul ? Friday ! I ... only wanted to meet you again ! I wanted to listen to the rest of your words ! Why ? Why did you leave me behind ? Why won 't you return ! ? Friday ! My ... Did you hear it at last ... Friday ... In the end ... You were right there . Stop right there ! Hand over the Memorandum . You 're earlier than I had expected . Don 't move ! I 've been wanting to meet you The One . Walsingham ... Are you M ? It appears the Memorandum couldn 't bring about your wish . You 've used all the world 's analytical engines making corpses lose control . What exactly are you searching for ? Never mind . As long as I have this Memorandum and you I can realize my wish . What are you doing with the Memorandum ? Guiding humanity towards completion towards a new world without conflict . This arrogance will lead to your own destruction . Take him away . Thank goodness you 're alright . I 'm sorry . I was wrong . " Sorry , " you say ! ? What good is an apology ! ? If you had just destroyed the Memorandum at that time things wouldn 't haved turned out like this ! Women , and children , and the elderly ... everyone has died ! All for your desires ! Damn you . What should I do ... I know I 've done something wrong . If I should die for that , then kill me . But , if I could be forgiven ... give me a chance at fulfilling the promise I made with Alexei . Please let me end this chaos ! Burnaby ! You don 't even know about that man 's whereabouts . What do you plan to do ? Friday . Bring it over here and let Burnaby take a look . This is the invitation that The One sent . Is it real ? Yes . It was directly transmitted to the writing ball as a ciphertext . The One is currently being transported to the Tower of London . M is prepared to utilize the Memorandum 's power to plan something terrible . It 's possible he planned to use the Charles Babbage to analyze The One . I never thought I 'd be crossing blades with Walsingham . Do you have a strategy in mind ? I plan to use Friday 's specialized communication abilities to construct a logic maze within the analytical engine and set up an encirclement to contain the diffusion of the melody , so that remote control will be impossible . Are you going to break in ? Burnaby please lend me your strength ! I intended to from the start . Thank you . This is ... The underground experimentation facility constructed by my father . Your father ? What ... is this ? The USS Nautilus . By command of the President it was secretly captured from England , and remodeled by my father . With this cutting edge ship we should be able to catch The One before anything happens . Are you going already ? It shouldn 't take much longer for me to complete the soul world communicator . Won 't you come see it ? I will definitely come see it , once I return . Is that so ... Hadaly . I 'll keep it secret from the government . Do what you believe in with all you 've got . Thomas Edison . Does your father know what it is you seek ? Yes . But my father doesn 't accept noise . Noise ? What is the origin of the soul 's weight ? The weight of consciousness the weight of thought the intensity of longing . The feelings born from that are expelled as noise - in this manner , I was created . Perhaps he didn 't want to see you in pain and suffering . But it is precisely that which I want to know . That 's why I ... am a failed product . While analyzing the information within your mind the analysis of the Memorandum has already completed . All that 's left now is to input the code that was extracted . Victor 's mind ... So it was here . To be killed by corpses , or by fellow humans ? Regardless , all mankind will perish if it continues like this . I will save humanity from destruction . Humanity will advance forth into a new stage . Charles Babbage ! Guide humanity towards salvation ! Looks like we 've been caught . Coming to receive us ? How appreciated . We 'll take the shortest route though there may be further attacks . I 'll leave it to you now . Preparations are complete . Please , Friday . Starting to surface . Has it already begun ? Impressive garrison they 've got . Our target is Traitor 's Gate . We 'll break through with force ! Past politicians also all had aspirations of a world without conflict but , in order to protect their own countrymen , pushed forward while mired in war . They invaded other countries for the sake of their own country 's peace . You can 't distinguish between the power to protect and the power to steal . Even if they recognize their wrongs , it 's impossible to cease . This is what humanity is . You go ahead first ! What about you ? I 'll go cut off the Tower of London 's power . It 's impossible for a single person ! Don 't compare to your scrawny arms . My arms are quite tough ! Go . Follow through with your plan . Then you can save the world . Let 's go ! Take care . At a time like this , you 'd better have some sense . Think about the circumstances . Despair ? This is guidance . Humans being unable to ever feel despair again is the realization of supreme happiness . Never again will there be conflict , hatred , and slaughter because even the capability of understanding what conflict is will be lost . M wants to use Alexei 's technology to take away peoples ' will . I don 't want a world like that . I want to feel happiness not through a program , but through a soul . It is through the existence of sadness and pain that we can feel joy . Let 's go . We will soon arrive at the ultimate world that could never be reached by the will of humanity . Within the entirety of souls , can I find a pure soul , a gentle smile ? Corpses can 't have souls or will . M , you are no more than a foolish human who believes oneself to be almighty just like Victor Frankenstein . Rest assured . I 'll use your soul too . M , stop the Charles Babbage ! It 's been a long time John Watson . I have profound admiration of your abilities and passion . Chasing down Karamazov finding the location of the Memorandum and lastly , even arriving at this place . However , your mission has already ended . I 'm going to end your schemes here ! Kill them . You 're mistaken , M ! Mistaken ? It is the endlessly fighting , foolish humans who are mistaken . What should we do with the things created out of humanity 's own will ? Beauty and the sublime will vanish and the ability to understand them will also disappear . Is there any further problem ? Henceforth , humanity , which never ceases its cruel behavior would destroy them themselves sooner or later . In that case , why not bring it all to an end right here ? John Watson . You just believe that you understand all of this world ! What creates the future , is not beauty and the sublime but rather thoughts of and words towards someone and the power of a will that wants to realize them ! I 've stopped The One . You can go ahead now ! Friday , construct the cage . Set the output power at maximum ! Suppress the sound waves ! Hadaly Lilith . I understand very well what it is you pursue . Don 't resist . Careful . Behind you . Don 't block me ! Stop ! Hadaly ! You 've worked hard . From here , let me continue . The One ! Friday , disconnect ! I 've always believed in your will ... John Watson . You chased the Memorandum and the soul and then through fate , you finally arrived here bringing two vessels for souls . Stop joking ! Are you saying that you had planned it all to come to this ? It 's time . Where does the soul lie , and how is it born ? Damn it ! The essence of the forbidden technology that Victor sealed away lies in the birth of the soul . I will show you the moment a living soul is born . Victor Frankenstein ! Return to me the soul of my new bride that was sealed away in the abyss of your consciousness . Friday ! Hadaly ! I 'll go save y - An understanding of the language of corpses and the mighty analytical engines to which the entire world 's corpses are connected now , they are the embodiment of this consciousness . There is already no need to record lines on punch cards connect the cables , or carry out installation because what we see before us is itself already the materialization of language . Language creates consciousness . Consciousness from corpses , by means of the analytical engine weaves the consciousness of my new bride . All wills are joined into one single will . A single will turns into all wills . Join together all of mankind as one one singular soul - Hadaly Lilith ! I confer a soul upon you . The element to construct a new bride 's consciousness has been liberated . Become the vessel for my lost bride and obtain a soul ! I can feel your breath the warmth of a soul ... You are there ... Stop ! What Hadaly wishes for is her own happiness and sadness and a soul that exists to feel them ! Not the soul of your new bride ! How regretful . I had thought you would understand you who desires a soul more than anyone . However , you 've maintained this body quite well . As my vessel , there is nothing to be picky about . Come , open your eyes . My new bride . Can you see me ? Do you recognize me ? Please smile at me once more . Watson ! The rest is up to you ! A useless ... action . Friday . Initiate the logic labyrinth . Seal The One 's soul and the language of the corpses into the Memorandum ! This is our will ! Impossible ... ! Dr. Watson take my hand . Hadaly . I 'm glad you 're alright ! I have the words of his new bride in me . Grief , anger , and also happiness . Thinking that I can no longer return to how I was made me afraid . Clearly I have no soul . You do have a soul . I don 't even have the ability to cry . Hadaly that 's what I like about you . If I have a soul , then he must have one too . You mustn 't give up . Yes . Thank you Hadaly . It 's over ? In any case , I made it back . What are you going to do ? Travel around . So don 't tell me the truth . It 's better if I don 't know about these unnecessary things . True . They 're things that your brain can 't handle , anyway . That 's my pride . See you . What I most greatly require is corpses . It was proven that after death a person 's body will lighten by 21 grams compared to their weight while alive . This is the weight of the soul 's essence , or what one might consider the weight of the soul . Since that moment you spoke to me the journey had already begun . I remembered your words the entire time . I liked the words you wrote down . Your words , accumulated within me guided my path and supported me on the journey . During the journey did the words I spoke bring you something ? Friday can I ... see you ? Can I hear your voice ? If I can ... Friday I only want ... once more ... with you ... Dr. Watson My pen so wrote : He will no longer appear on this plain . He sealed the Memorandum within his own mind went off to a world of another language and lost the memories of that journey . I ... I will seek whether I have my own consciousness . I ... I will answer when this consciousness arose or the time when it will arise . What I know is still limited . Dr. Watson . There are still many things I want to tell you . I exist here , as materialized information . That now ... now I can continue existing in this way is all because of you . If it could be realized if only just one sentence I want to tell you I wish these words to be made real . The story left for you brought about new life . Thank you . 4 years later London Watson ! You 're late , Holmes ! How 's he doing , Hadaly ? My mistake , you go by Irene Adler now . He 's the same as ever . Criss-crossing London , with a new companion .
