 It was like being inside a nightmare , then I realized this was not a dream . There is some sort of infiltration of society going on . I think these abduction stories are all part of a larger plan . There is a reason why these people are being returned . There are people who are going to bed tonight who have no idea that they 'll do something that they 've been programmed to do . That 's pretty scary . Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , could the truth lie with those who have been taken and returned ? Elista , Kalmykia , Russia . July 16 , 2007 . The President of the Kalmykia Republic , Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , discloses in an international primetime television interview for Al Jazeera that nearly a decade prior , he was abducted by extraterrestrials . I-I was taken by my apartment in Moscow to this spaceship . Ilyumzhinov claimed he 'd been taken aboard a UFO by extraterrestrials dressed in these yellow outfits , and essentially sort of given a tour of the UFO onto which he was taken . It 's never been clear exactly how long he was gone , but he said it was almost a day where he was taken far away . He said to another star , on this massive vessel . And this is his claim . And , it 's , I mean , an unbelievably outrageous claim . But the problem is that this is a man who is a very accomplished individual . And when you listen to him speak about this , he 's very open about it . He doesn 't sound crazy , except for the content of what he 's saying . There 's an interesting theory about his story . Given his position and his standing within the government , when somebody like him speaks out , it actually adds a great deal of weight to the UFO subject . So an argument was made that perhaps extraterrestrials abducted him with the very hope that he would go public with the story , expose more and more people to the existence of the UFO phenomenon . Ilyumzhinov is the highest profile individual to come forward with an admission of being abducted by extraterrestrials and subsequently returned to Earth . However , he is just one of tens of thousands of people that have made such claims , dating back to the infamous case of Betty and Barney Hill , who were allegedly abducted from their vehicle on a New Hampshire road in 1961 . Purported extraterrestrial abductions involve men , women and children of various cultures and religious backgrounds . This is a global phenomenon . I 've had people write to me from all around the world about their abduction events . It has nothing to do with countries and everything to do with being human . There are some themes in these abduction stories that are universal or at least recur . Some report being paralyzed . Many report shifts in time . Some lose vast amount of time . It would be one thing if there were only ten or 20 abduction stories worldwide . The fact of the matter is that there are hundreds of thousands of abduction reports all around the world . The real question we need to ask ourselves is not whether abduction is taking place . It 's very obvious that it 's taking place . We need to try to crack into the mystery and understand why this is happening . What makes us so interesting to these people that they want to be bringing us up there , performing what appear to be medical experiments , and then putting us back down on Earth ? Could it be that hundreds of thousands of people worldwide have been taken off-planet only to be placed back into society ? But if so , for what purpose ? Perhaps clues can be found by exploring the age-old accounts of human abductions by otherworldly beings that can be found in nearly every culture throughout the world . The stories of the representative of humanity who is taken to another place permeate mythic lore . This is a great universal story . We have Moses going up onto the mountain and getting the Commandments and bringing them down . We imagine they 're on tablets , and somehow this is going to be the guidance of the future of the people . The prophet Enoch , the prophet Ezekiel going up into heaven and learning all of the things of heaven . The fairies or fae , in Celtic mythology , draw you into an adventure . Often , there is some seduction . Sometimes , it 's a demon who will force you away from your path into something , some kind of hell , but you somehow escape later and come back with new knowledge , new skills , new strengths . What 's curious is , when we look at the situations , the stories as described in ancient literature , and looking at modern experiences interpreted as alien abductions , they seem to be identical . These stories , these legends have been around for centuries . They can 't all just be made up . There 's too many of them . They 're too prolific , they 're too widespread . There has to be some basis to them . For what purpose have these things been happening throughout history ? Who knows ? Perhaps the most important thread that runs through the abduction stories is that all of these people are returned . They 're not kept . They 're allowed to come back . They are brought back . Why ? Might what we refer to today as alien abductions trace back thousands of years ? If so , are those that are returned part of a bigger extraterrestrial plan ? Perhaps more evidence can be found by examining an ancient abduction that took place in the jungles of Southeast Asia . Krong Siem Reap , Cambodia . 1860 . A group of missionaries traveling through the Cambodian jungle stumble across the largest and most elaborate religious complex in the world , Angkor Wat . The Khmer people mysteriously abandoned the ancient site in the 15th century . It was enveloped by the surrounding vegetation and lay forgotten for centuries . Archaeologists believe construction likely began under the rule of King Suryavarman II in 1116 A.D. Cambodian lore credits its design to Preah Pisnokar , a half-human , half-divine architect who is said to have been taken off-planet and returned to Earth with the plans to build this advanced complex . Preah Pisnokar 's legend is one of the best stories you could ever imagine for the ancient astronaut theory . Because in the legend , he is taken to what 's called Indra 's heaven , that was orbiting the Earth as described in the ancient Vedic texts . When Preah Pisnokar first was introduced to go to Indra 's heaven , he was exposed to this blue light where he himself describes how he felt his entire body being rejuvenated . And the question is , could it be that that was some type of a decontamination pod ? It 's quite curious that an ancient Cambodian legend like this would contain a scene where the main character has to go through some decontamination process , and one that 's done in space . It 's done in this celestial home of the gods . He underwent this intense education program and weeks later , he was rejoining his people , and he essentially imparted all this knowledge that was given to him by the extraterrestrials to his people . Upon his return , Pisnokar is said to have designed Angkor Wat . It was built as a replica of the heavenly original in anticipation of the return of the gods . He 's returned to the Earth to give humans all of this amazing knowledge , and to help humans advance . And , in his case , by building an amazing temple city that is one of the wonders of the world today . The one issue that people don 't focus on too much is the matter of the abductees being returned from where they were taken . We can look back in countless religious texts where contactees are given rules and regulations and ideas to follow in terms of elevating the human race . And sometimes they would build structures for the gods , doing their bidding , whatever that might be . It could well be an ongoing program that hasn 't stopped . It 's just that we don 't realize , necessarily , what 's going on . Is it possible that the story of Preah Pisnokar is true ? Are select humans being taken off-planet and inserted back into society , even today ? But if so , to what end ? Perhaps more clues can be found by exploring the details of modern alien abductions . Coming up ... We 've learned that abductions start pre-birth and it starts in family lines . Most people who are being abducted don 't even know it . They don 't think about it . They don 't dream about it . They 're unaware of it . Harvard University . Cambridge , Massachusetts . 1991 . Dr. John E. Mack , a Harvard professor and renowned psychiatrist working with trauma patients , is convinced by a colleague to examine those who claim to have been abducted by extraterrestrials . He started , according to him , having his clients tell him these very , very detailed and traumatizing , in many cases , accounts of beings coming and taking them , and doing experimentation , and even this discussion of alien hybrids that were produced from experimentation . And in the beginning , he talks about how he had a lot of trouble considering this to be even close to being in the realm of possibility . You know , he 's an ardent academic . And his job is to find the rational approach to what 's really going on here . And , of course , he started trying to analyze what 's the state of mind of these people ? Are there any connections between the type of people that are recounting these stories ? You know , so that way , he can develop a psychological profile . But what he found was that that 's not the case . These stories were coming from a wide demographic of people , people from all over the world . John Mack was a skeptic . At first , he didn 't believe a single thing , but after five or six encounters with experiencers , he changed his tune . So , for a skeptic to all of a sudden change 180 degrees , that 's amazing . Because John Mack applied all of his clinical knowledge on those experiencers , and due to that , because it is a science , he had to conclude that extraterrestrial visitations are not a likelihood , but a certainty . He also said the abduction phenomenon is not a modern day occurrence only . He was convinced , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that people were being abducted by extraterrestrials . He was ridiculed , scorned by his colleagues , laughed at , but he did not stop . He continued to try to get these answers as to what was happening to these people . During the course of his research , Dr. John Mack came to realize that the alien abduction phenomenon wasn 't one of scarcity . It was essentially an epidemic . Reports were coming from all across the planet . But more importantly , there were people who had had vague dreams and memories of something going on , but clearly didn 't realize they 'd been abducted . And this suggested to John Mack that there were what we could call " silent abductees . " Most people who are being abducted don 't even know it . They don 't think about it . They don 't dream about it . They 're unaware of it . Because , I believe , the extraterrestrials have somehow washed their memory . However , in hypnosis , when you regress somebody , you may be able to pick up things where they do recollect what has happened . It happened in the original case of Barney and Betty Hill , where the psychiatrist , Dr. Benjamin Simon , put them under via hypnosis . And that 's when they started talking about the things that had happened . You cannot erase the mind permanently , and-and the ETs know that , but in terms of just full consciousness , they 're able to knock it out . There are people who are going to bed tonight who have no idea that they may be abducted by extraterrestrials . They won 't remember it , and they won 't recall it , and they won 't even know . The big question is why ? While researchers suggest that many individuals that have been returned may never be identified , they believe clues to the extraterrestrial motive may be found in the specific characteristic traits of those being taken . 1999 . The International Community for Alien Research begins conducting the largest and most in-depth study into the specific characteristics of abductees . The International Community for Alien Research was founded by about a half a dozen ufologists who were not satisfied with what was going on in the field at the time . There wasn 't new legitimate abduction research being done . Started with the questionnaire , which is now going on about 13 years now . I believe about 18,000 contactees have taken the study . What this has told us is it 's showed us similarities in all of these abductions . We 've learned that abductions start pre-birth and it starts in family lines . The findings of the study also showed a greater percentage of individuals with hazel or green eyes are being abducted , as well as those having Rh negative blood types . " The Rh Factor " refers to the presence of specific proteins or antigens in the blood . Most humans have these antigens , and are considered Rh positive . About 25,000 to 35,000 years ago , out of the blue , no scientist today understands why , Rh negative emerged on the scene . Most people don 't realize , but man was just positive blood until then . There was no Rh negative . Really what 's funny about this is , is why would Mother Nature create Rh negative ? What 's odd about both the Rh negative and the green eyes is they 're mutations . They 're both rare . Rh negative is only 15 % of world population . Green-eyed people , I think , make up two or three percent of the world 's population . But almost 50 % of contactees have hazel or green eyes . We don 't think the color , per se , has anything to do with it . It 's the fact that it 's a mutation , and for some reason the extraterrestrials either created it or if they didn 't create it , they seemed to have an extreme interest in it . Could there really be a genetic component at play in the extraterrestrial abduction phenomenon ? And might these lineages trace back to the ancient accounts of otherworldly encounters ? If so , does this provide insight into a long-term agenda ? Perhaps further clues can be found by extracting what lies buried in the memories of those that have been returned . And by examining what might also be hidden beneath their skin . Coming up ... It turns out that the objects are meteoric in origin . This is amazing . You can see the little objects here . Perfect T. How did it get into the woman 's body ? Ulster County , New York . December 26 , 1985 . Best-selling fiction author Whitley Strieber is vacationing at his cabin when he experiences a strange event that will forever change his life . I woke up in the middle of the night , right after Christmas , in an incredibly peculiar situation . It was like being inside a nightmare , and at the time , I was a horror novelist , and I thought , " Oh , good , " but only for a second because then I realized this was not a dream . It was not going away . I had these big-eyed creatures in front of me , like big insects , and I was in a little round room . And these other darting , dark-blue figures were there . It degenerated very quickly into what amounted to a kind of assault . I , then , found myself the next morning , waking up feeling pretty beat up and very , very confused . What could 've happened ? Was it a nightmare ? What was it ? According to Strieber , these strange abductions continued to occur . And after one of his experiences , he was returned with physical proof . My ear began to hurt , the top of my ear , and I felt it , and it was a little lump . That lump ... had not been there before . I went to a doctor , and he said , " It 's a little cyst . I 'll take care of it . " When he opened it up , he said , " It 's a disk . " Then he touched it with his scalpel , and it went down into the peanu ... the bottom of my ear . And he pulled out , immediately said , " I don 't know what to do about this , " and closed it up . Could it be that people are being returned with objects implanted in them ? Objects of otherworldly origins ? Houston , Texas . Former law enforcement officer and investigator , Derrel Sims , has spent three decades collecting evidence left behind at abduction scenes throughout the country . I treat it as a crime scene . And to do that you need to know what to look for . In some of these cases , we 'll find a burn mark , and in rare cases , radiation traces where a UFO has landed . People will come back with a scar like a dermatological scoop mark . And sometimes we find some type of implant . Thank you for coming by , Giorgio . In April 2016 , Giorgio Tsoukalos met with Derrel Sims to get a closer look at some of the hard evidence that Sims has collected through the years . One of the things we found on these abductees is - alien leaves like a fingerprint on them . - Really ? And when they touch them , it leaves a subdermal mark on you in the form of fingerprints , - or of long fingers . - Mm-hmm . And here 's an example . It impacts the body subdermally . This is amazing . It-it literally goes into the skin . And you can 't wash it off , you can 't get it off with any kind of solvent or anything . And here is another good example . Mm-hmm . Here are some other handprints that we 've found around the world . This is in Chile . The lady who got touched by this entity with huge prints on both front and back . And left caustic burns on her body . - So this was visible light . - Okay . This same handprint literally shows up in several other cases as well . A little girl shows the same exact hand . This was fluorescence . Mm-hmm . A police officer gets abducted . The entity actually comes through the glass window and left the holographic imagery in the glass . Very odd . Here 's one that fascinates me . This is a print that came off a wall in Pennsylvania . The entire family are abductees with the exception of one person and this one touched the wall and you can see the fluorescence there where we lit it up . - Mm-hmm . - This is the case of , uh , a lady that this is our long fing ... You see the huge , long fingerprints and the suction cups on these forefingers . And this is on her headboard . That 's fantastic . You 've now spent many years studying this . And you see fingerprints like that , handprints , and you know , residue , what is your theory what we are looking at here ? My estimation as a former police officer is that there was an oil-like substance that apparently exudes from the body of the entity . That 's bizarre . There 's some actual implants ... Perhaps the most intriguing pieces of evidence in Sims ' collection are the alleged extraterrestrial implants retrieved from various victims . I want to show you something rather remarkable . You can see the little objects here ... The perfect T and the one off to the side ? Yes . So we had them surgically excised . And here 's what we found . - There 's a good look at them . - Oh , wow ! - After they 're taken out . - Okay . There was a biological cocoon surrounding these originally . This is bizarre . And-and what did they determine this is ? We had this done in a blinded study ... Los Alamos , New Mexico Tech . They did a qualitative and quantitative analysis . And they found ... Giorgio , you 're not gonna believe this . It turns out that the objects are meteoric in origin . What 's your opinion then ? And how did it get into the woman 's body ? In my opinion , what we 're looking at are objects that have been installed inside these people . Someone is doing this . This is entity-related . So , in my opinion , we 're looking at real , actual evidence of these cases . Well , this is amazing . Is it possible that the implants collected from the bodies of alleged abductees are of extraterrestrial origin ? But if so , what is their purpose ? Are aliens tracking humans on whom they 've performed medical experiments ? Or might their ultimate agenda be even more profound ? Perhaps further clues can be found by exploring what many researchers believe is the most compelling abduction account in modern history . Coming up ... He remembered a computer screen in front of him . Letters and numbers , of the alien world . People who are being abducted are being programmed . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . 1998 . Investigative Journalist Linda Moulton Howe publishes Glimpses of Other Realities Volume II : High Strangeness . In it , she includes material on human interactions with extraterrestrial beings and what she considers one of the most compelling abduction cases on record . As a reporter who has always been investigating issues having to do with science , medicine and the environment , which is how I came into finding myself talking with people in the human abduction syndrome . I remember it was 1995 at the Eureka Springs Ozark UFO Conference and I was introduced to Jim Sparks . And he unfolded one of the most amazing human abduction stories I 've ever heard . With Jim , he was aware of literally going through the ceiling , going through the roof . Many people in the abduction syndrome will describe this . And he could see trees . He could see the land receding . But then , there would be a blackout period . And then , he would be in the world of what he calls " the Grey beings " of which there are many different types . And , he said one day , he remembered a computer screen in front of him . And that he knew that they were trying to make him learn an alien symbol . They wanted him to trace , for example , " A , " the letter " A " in the alphabet . It would be a line drawn from right to left , left to right , right to left . And it was the motion , let alone just looks like a line . But he said every one of their symbols and numbers had embedded frequencies . In yet another encounter , Sparks claimed to have been presented with a sequence of images depicting past lifetimes , including scenes of ancient Rome and culminating with images of primitive humans . When they went to an image and showed him primates , like in a forest , he finally got it . They have manipulated DNA and already evolving primates to create something that was a hybrid of them , and that life-form on this planet . When you look at his account , you have to wonder if these abductions of humans by extraterrestrials don 't go back many thousands and thousands of years , and in fact certain human beings were selected , brought perhaps to a space station , or an orbiting spaceship , or a city of the gods , given a special education , and then returned to the Earth . Jim Sparks would later claim that extraterrestrials are somehow manipulating abductees ' so-called junk DNA , the 97 % of human DNA for which scientists have not been able to find any purpose . Geneticists used to believe that a large percent of our DNA was unused . Recent discoveries have proven , however , that there are hidden switches . There are hidden signals within that junk DNA that is gonna ultimately reveal a treasure trove of new human capabilities . Jim believed that people who are being abducted are being programmed that at any given time , the ETs will send a signal , and these people will react and do something , almost like a sleeper-soldier . They 'll immediately do something that they 've been programmed to do , whatever that might be . That 's pretty scary . Early on , when I started doing abduction research , people would tell me , I think something is gonna happen in the future and I 'm gonna have to do something . Serious people who I 've worked with for a long time have told me that , uh , they have been injected with knowledge , they 're not sure what it is , but it will be switched on eventually when the time comes and they will know it . And I have come to think that that is actually correct . That that is true . It 's an all-encompassing thing . The sleeper-soldiers will start to get things ready . Those who are already here will start to get things ready . And also don 't forget the millions of hybrids that they have been making since the beginning of time , that they 've probably got on some mothership somewhere just ready to start bringing them in . Could it be that some abductees have been returned as preparation by extraterrestrials for some future mission ? A mission that has been in the works for hundreds , if not thousands , of years ? And might it involve the integration of alien-human hybrids on Earth ? Some abduction experts suggest that such hybrids are , in fact , already here . There was some sort of infiltration of society going on . Are we dealing with hybrids who will replace humans ? Pacific Palisades , California . July 17 , 2015 . 5 : 00 p.m. Police are alerted that inside an abandoned SUV parked on a residential street is a dead body . The badly decomposed corpse is sent to the coroner 's office so that identification of the victim can be made . Although foul play is not suspected , as police continue to investigate , the case takes a bizarre turn . The body is identified by his fiancée as 60-year-old Jeffrey Alan Lash . Los Angeles police find more than 1,200 guns and seven tons of ammunition , along with numerous militarized vehicles and $ 230,000 in cash inside of his home . His fiancée reports that Lash had proclaimed to be an alien hybrid secretly working for the government . It 's the weirdest story I think I 've ever heard . His girlfriend , and she seems to be pretty normal and legit , claims that he 's an alien hybrid . That he was placed on this planet to do something specifically . Nothing adds up about his case . Nothing . When examining the body , the coroner 's office could not find any fingerprints , even though fingerprints are the last skin tissue to decompose . Lash apparently had no fingerprints . His fiancée believed that he was an alien hybrid . And we have to wonder who this guy was . Was he really an alien hybrid as he said ? Why did he have all these weapons ? A number of people who have claimed that they have been abducted by extraterrestrials also claim that they 've witnessed what they say are alien-human hybrids . And this would indicate that the extraterrestrials have a program of manipulating people and their DNA to genetically alter us slightly . And perhaps this has been going on for thousands of years . And that even as we are today , we 've been manipulated subtly by extraterrestrials . And this is still going on . As more and more people around the planet have been experiencing , whether they are seeing lights , whether they are being taken , whether they have missing time , there is a global evolution of a relationship with an alien presence that by the 21st century has moved from creatures from outer space to human-ET hybrids that are a combination of something alien and something human . And in that evolution , we are now seeing a hybridization program on this planet . Is it possible that Lash 's claim to be an alien hybrid might actually be true ? For the last decade , self-proclaimed abductees have been coming to Dr. David Jacobs in rapidly increasing numbers , with alarmingly similar stories of alien hybrid integration into society . What I 've had now recently is people who have befriended hybrids who have come down to live here . The hybrid looks absolutely human . There is no difference whatsoever , except one major , major , major difference . They are telepathic and they are neurologically controlling . They can control people 's minds . They can make people think or do or act any way they want . And we can 't do that . That would make us a second-class species . The question is are we dealing with hybrids who will replace humans or who will live alongside humans and control them ? I don 't really know the answer to that . Could it be that there really are alien hybrids currently living amongst us ? As fantastic as it may sound , recent statements made by some of the world 's most powerful leaders may just point to such a scenario . Moscow , Russia . December 7 , 2012 . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev gives a primetime network television interview . But after the interview is over , he makes a shocking statement , not realizing that his microphone is still on . He said , " When you become President of Russia , " you 're given information on aliens in our country , and the human groups that are monitoring them . " And you know , what 's interesting about this video , the journalist that he was talking with , she was laughing nervously while he was doing this . But he was totally with a straight face during all of this . Here he is on film saying that extraterrestrials live amongst us . And I don 't think this was an accident . I believe that what he was doing was part of a policy that the Russian government has begun implementing at the highest level to prepare its citizens for the truth . Is it possible that there are already aliens living among us and that our governments are fully aware of this ? Could this be the culmination of years of extraterrestrial abductions ? Our decisions here as a species could very well be affecting these other civilizations . So they may be in a sense intervening on their own behalf . They might not really care about whether we make it or not . If invasion and takeover of the planet were the goal of these extraterrestrial biological entities , they are so advanced , it could be done easily . Therefore , invasion and takeover of the world cannot be their goal . And if that is not the goal , then what is the goal ? What is the alien agenda ? You have a sort of dichotomy of are we being invaded by terrible extraterrestrials who are trying to take over our planet ? Or are the extraterrestrials really trying to help us and that this has been an ongoing thing for many thousands of years ? I think these abduction stories are all part of a larger plan . A plan going on for a very long time . What we are experiencing now is the next step , where we are now learning that we are not alone , and that they soon will come back , because that is what they promised in the ancient texts . Are extraterrestrials really coming to Earth in order to capture and examine human specimens ? And if so , is their plan to join us or replace us ? Perhaps the final outcome will be determined by how ready we are to welcome them and how well we treat each other . One thing appears certain ... Mankind 's very existence hangs in the balance . And the time for answers could be sooner ... than we think .
