 JONATHAN YOUNG : To devout Hindus , Shiva is a real being who walked among us . ERICH VON DANIKEN : Shiva came down from these cities on the firmament . He 's the leader of a group of extraterrestrials . Shiva was a force for incredible good , but also a force for incredible destruction . And he is said to have this trident which could annihilate anything in its path . DAVID WILCOCK : In the Hindu tradition , you have to have destruction in order to have creation . And it may be that Shiva will determine the future of the human race . NARRATOR : Since the dawn of civilization , mankind has credited its origins to gods and other visitors from the stars . What if it were true ? Did extraterrestrial beings really help to shape our history ? And if so , might humanity 's fate be determined by Shiva the Destroyer ? NARRATOR : India . Covering over 1.2 million square miles , it is the world 's seventh-largest country . And with 1.3 billion people , it is the second most populated . Roughly 80 % of the Indian population practices Hinduism , the world 's oldest surviving religion that dates back to at least 2000 BC . And for the Hindu faithful , their gods are not mythological , but are real beings that have , at times , been present here on Earth . YOUNG : These many gods and goddesses have different stories and different energies and different principles that they represent . For many of the Hindu faithful , the gods are absolutely real . They exist physically , although they may not always be visible . In general , compared to Western belief systems , the tangible reality of the gods is much stronger in India . I 've grown up as a Hindu in a strict Hindu family , so I know all the Vedas and epics . You know , I 've read them hundreds of times . Hindus believe that the gods came down from the sky . DEEPAK SHIMKHADA : Hindus believe that these stories are not simply myth . They are historical records , because they are actually called itihasa- - itihasa meaning " history . " NARRATOR : While in the Judeo-Christian tradition , God is depicted as an all-powerful being , in the Vedic texts , Hindu gods often rely on the use of technology . This has led ancient astronaut theorists to pose the question : is it possible that these religious texts describe not only encounters with the divine , but also with extraterrestrial beings ? The Western mindset is different from that of India , where they accept the idea of extraterrestrial beings . The Hindu story of the Mahabharata is loaded with references to what seems to be extraterrestrial technology . You 've got flying vehicles . You 've got weapons that are voice-activated . And you have destructions of civilizations by what seems like nuclear detonation . VON DANIKEN : In the Mahabharata , there they write that one day gigantic cities surrounded the Earth . They did not have a word for " spaceship " at that time . They say " cities . " And they make clear difference that these cities were in the firmament , not in heaven . And small vehicles came down from these cities of the firmament . The old Indians called these vehicles vimanas . And out of the vimanas , the teachers came out . No doubt we were visited by extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Is the Hindu tradition a story of extraterrestrial visitation ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest that this was orchestrated by an otherworldly being known in Hinduism as Lord Shiva . Shiva is Shiva is also called Mahadeva . Mahadeva means " great god . " So he is god of gods . He 's the head of all gods , and he 's also the most powerful god . Shiva has a dual function . One of his functions is destruction . The other one is creation . Without destruction , there is no creation . NARRATOR : Depictions of Shiva embody this idea of destruction and creation . Shiva is most often shown holding a drum called a damaru , which he used to create the universe . Around his neck is a cobra poised to strike . In one hand , Shiva holds a powerful trident-like weapon of destruction called the trishula , and in the center of his forehead , he has a third eye . Shiva is the only god that has a ... depicted with third eye . If his third eye opens , a very powerful light , uh , fire emits from his third eye , and anything that it sees , it destroys totally . Usually , when you talk about the third eye , it 's about enlightenment . And then there is this other third eye , this third eye that was able to annihilate things . I don 't think they 're the same thing . So the question is : What was it ? And what was Shiva ? Shiva appeared at a very crucial time when , uh , two gods- - Brahma is the creator , and Vishnu , the preserver- - were debating who is greater . All of a sudden , this blinding light , shaft of light , appeared that has no end or beginning . And then this voice came out of this light , said that , " I am the greatest . I am the greatest god there is . " TSOUKALOS : Shiva is almost always surrounded by some type of a circular structure with flames . Now , what did our human ancestor artists try to depict here ? Was he perhaps inside some type of a fiery craft ? It is possible that Shiva is the same extraterrestrial that other cultures call by different names . Enki , Odin , Zeus , Viracocha , Quetzalcoatl , Kukulkan . NARRATOR : The earliest Vedic texts were first written roughly 4,000 years ago , but Hindus claim that the stories originated hundreds and perhaps even thousands of years earlier , existing as part of an oral tradition passed down from one generation to the next . And ancient astronaut theorists suggest that Shiva first arrived here on Earth at a time before the existence of modern humans , and before the event known , in the Biblical tradition , as the Great Flood . Every culture around the world that has any type of ancient writings or documents or even oral traditions , they always talk about some kind of great flood that had a massive catastrophic effect , and utterly wiped out much of life on Earth in a single day . What I find interesting about this is that Shiva is the god of destruction . In the Hindu tradition , you have to have destruction in order to have creation . Is there a connection there ? ( speaking Russian ) TRANSLATOR : Tibetan lamas claim that , after the Flood , when the whole Earth flooded , and the waters gradually receded , man was created anew by means of the seed that was guarded by Shiva . NARRATOR : Is it possible that Shiva was an extraterrestrial visitor that was responsible for both the creation and destruction of an earlier race of Earthlings ? And if so , did he do this to clear the way for modern humans ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest further clues can be found by examining a mysterious temple in northern India and what might lie beneath it . LAYNE LITTLE : One of the more mysterious aspects of the site of Ellora are the tunnels . Tunnels like these lead to a vast city under Kailasa Temple . NARRATOR : Aurangabad , India . 200 miles northeast of Mumbai stands a monolithic temple complex known as the Ellora Caves . These 34 sites of worship , extending over a mile , were carved out of a high cliff , and are believed to date back to between 600 and 1000 AD . Cave 16 , known as Kailasa Temple , is a massive shrine to Lord Shiva . At three stories high , it stands twice as tall as the Parthenon in Athens , and archaeologists believe it was chiseled out of the hillside starting at the top and ending at the bottom . Some historians estimate that construction of the temple required the removal of over 400,000 tons of rock , but even more incredible is that mainstream archaeologists propose that this feat was accomplished in just 18 years . If people worked every day for that 18 years , for 12 hours straight with no breaks , then they would have to have removed five tons of rock every hour . This is ten thousand pounds of rock every hour . In reality , such a feat is not even possible today with modern technology . If it happened in 18 years , it is very hard to account for ... Another baffling fact is that if they removed 400,000 tons of rocks , they have to be thrown away somewhere . But we do not find any evidence of rocks being piled up nearby . Uh , it hasn 't been used to build any other temples or any other structure . Where did all that rock go ? NARRATOR : Could humans living over 1,000 years ago really have constructed Kailasa Temple in only 18 years ? And if so , how is it that all the rock that was excavated has simply disappeared ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining a powerful device described in the ancient Vedic texts . Interestingly , there is a device called Bhaumastra mentioned in the ancient Vedic texts . This high-tech machine would be able to quickly drill into the rock and basically vaporize them . This could basically change the rock into air . This device was mentioned multiple times in ancient Vedic texts , which was used to mine for precious stones and metals . Could this be how Kailasa Temple was built ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that the Bhaumastra machine described in the Vedic texts was really a technological device that existed on Earth thousands of years ago ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , but suggest it was used not to build Kailasa Temple from the top down , as mainstream scholars propose , but carved out the structure from the bottom up . One of the more mysterious aspects of the site of Ellora are the tunnels that seem to go nowhere at the site . Some of them turn at odd angles . Some go as deep as 40 feet . Now the reasons for this are , for the most part , unknown . This is one of the tunnels leading underground at the Kailasa Temple . You can see that the local authorities have fenced this off . But if you look through this hole , you can see that this tunnel goes vertically down . Local authorities believe that tunnels like these lead to a vast underground city under Kailasa Temple . NARRATOR : What could be the purpose for these tunnels below Kailasa Temple ? And why are they fenced off from the public ? In 1876 , renowned English spiritualist Emma Hardinge Britten published Ghost Land , in which she writes of hidden tunnels beneath the Ellora Caves and the meetings of a secret cabal of mystics in an underground city . Britten tells of spiritually contacting a mysterious figure named Cavalier Louie , who witnessed the clandestine society . LITTLE : Cavalier Louie states that he was taken into the site of Ellora , where he was led through a secret passageway into an underground chamber . The underground chamber opened up into a huge amphitheater , and there were these wondrous metallic thrones that were being charged with powerful galvanic batteries that rose up into the air . And seated on these thrones were seven mysterious hooded figures . But the most interesting one was the one in the center who spoke , and yet was not always there . His body shimmered in and out of physical space and time . NARRATOR : But why would vast rooms and tunnels exist deep underground beneath Kailasa Temple ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest this could be further evidence that Lord Shiva has a connection with the Great Flood . CHILDRESS : We have a great deluge that changed the face of the Earth and forced people underground . So you have to wonder , is this some kind of ancient city , many thousands of years old , that was once some kind of extraterrestrial base ? And as the water receded , they create this temple from underground . Presently , archaeologists date the Kailasa Temple from the fifth to the tenth century AD . But there is nothing in the temple that really gives it a date . And , in fact , like many things in ancient India , and-and around the world , uh , these temples may be much , much older than the mainstream archeologists are saying . NARRATOR : Could it be that hidden beneath Kailasa Temple is an underground alien city ? And if so , would this prove that the being Hindus call Shiva was really an extraterrestrial visitor who gave technology to an earlier race of humans and ultimately destroyed them ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining a sacred icon believed to hold extraordinary power . McGOWAN : The Shiva Linga stone actually can be a force for incredible destruction . HENRY : We 're dealing with some kind of cosmic power that we didn 't fully understand until the discovery of nuclear fission . NARRATOR Sirsi , India . Ten miles outside of this city , in the southwestern state of Karnataka , within the river Shalmala , is one of the country 's most popular pilgrimage sites , Sahasralinga . Hidden under these waters for most of the year lie stone sculptures known as Shiva Lingams . These sacred idols are representations of the god Shiva , and are visible to thousands of pilgrims once a year at the festival of Maha Shivaratri . Maha Shivaratri is a festival where Shiva is worshipped for his great nature . Maha Shivaratri is usually held in the end of February or beginning of March . During that month , the water level of the Shalmala River drops down so that all the Shiva Lingas are exposed . LITTLE : Shiva 's depicted as the Shiva Linga , as kind of a spherical column , the flaming pillar that is the cosmic axis of the universe . Every Shiva Linga that 's in worship is set into a yoni . This is a-a special base , and it actually serves kind of a utility of function . It 's a spout so that when you pour offerings over the surface of the linga , they wash over the sacred body . Images of the Shiva Linga are found throughout Southeast Asia , even in parts of East Asia . Sometimes images of Shiva as the lingam also made its way into China and into Japan . NARRATOR : The Shiva Lingam first appeared over 2,000 years ago , and there is still debate over what this shape was originally meant to symbolize . But ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the icon may represent an incredibly powerful technological device . Paris , France . 1900 . At the Paris Congress of History of Religions , Swami Vivekananda , a scientist and monk credited with popularizing Hinduism in the West , gives a lecture addressing the meaning of the Shiva Lingam . HENRY : For centuries , Western scholars have assumed that the Shiva Linga has purely a sexual connotation . The cylinder is the male phallic symbol and the yoni is the complimentary female symbol . Then in 1900 , the Hindu scholar Swami Vivekananda came to Paris to deliver a major lecture about Hinduism and symbolism . During this lecture , he said that the Shiva Linga actually symbolizes the coming in or going out of the divine manifesting energy of Shiva . SHIMKHADA : It stands for energy . And it has often been misrepresented in the West that it is simply a phallic symbol of Shiva , which is not the case . It is obviously a pillar . " Linga " means a pillar . Modern Hindu scholars have theorized that the Shiva Linga stone actually represents atomic energy . When we think about this idea of what atomic energy can do , how it can be used for good but it can be extraordinarily destructive , this certainly pertains to the mythology of Shiva , who is chaotic energy , who is a force for incredible good , but also a force for incredible destruction . NARRATOR : Is it possible that this symbol of Shiva 's power actually represents atomic energy ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and suggest the proof can be found by examining this mysterious shape . MOHAN : The cylindrical structure of the Shiva Linga is similar or almost identical to a modern-day nuclear reactor . And the groove that surrounds the base represents the structures built to dispose of the polluted water . In ancient times and even today , Hindus pour water or milk on top of Shiva Linga as a ritual . Today we pour water over the top of nuclear reactor to cool it . And interestingly , most Shiva temples are always found near water bodies , like rivers or lakes , just like nuclear power plants . So is it possible that Shiva Linga actually represents an ancient nuclear power plant ? HENRY : In the story of Shiva and the Shiva Linga , we 're obviously dealing with some kind of a universal or cosmic power that we didn 't fully understand until the 20th century , with the discovery of nuclear power and nuclear fission . These discoveries that predate modern man are completely changing our conception of the ancient past and connecting us to the true history of humanity , all before the time of the flood . NARRATOR : Does the Shiva Lingam symbolize an extraterrestrial technology that existed on Earth before the Great Flood ? Could it be a message left for us by our ancestors that an advanced society of humans existed long ago and suffered a terrible fate ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining a 4,000-year-old text that describes how to harness electricity . LITTLE : Sage Agastya is said to have brought secret science to India . WILCOCK : Sage Agastya was directly trained by extraterrestrials himself . NARRATOR : Ujjain , India . 1924 . Lost pages from an ancient Sanskrit text called the Agastya Samhita are discovered in the city 's royal library . While the exact age of this text is not known , some Hindu scholars believe it could date back more than 4,000 years . In it are the collected works of Sage Agastya , a disciple of Shiva and the first in a line of Hindu saints known as siddhas . LITTLE : " Siddha " means a perfected one , or an accomplished one . These are people who have powers like shrinking to a small size , growing very large , flying through the air . Shiva is generally regarded as being the ultimate siddha , the first and primordial siddha . NARRATOR : According to Hindu texts , the ancient siddhas wielded highly advanced technology . The siddhas are masters of creation . The Siddha Bhogar has been credited with many wondrous technologies that he is thought to have created long before the advent of modern industry . He is credited with building a steamship , a telescope , a parachute , a locomotive , and also various devices to fly through the sky . Sage Agastya is very important for siddha tradition as well . He is said to have brought the secret culture and secret science to India . WILCOCK : When you read the legends about how Sage Agastya got his knowledge , we hear that he was directly trained by extraterrestrials himself . NARRATOR : Dr. Varam R. Kokatnur , a chemist and avid researcher of hieroglyphics , studied the lost pages of the Agastya Samhita that were discovered in 1924 . What he found fascinated him to such an extent that , in 1927 , he read the translated pages before the American Chemical Society in Detroit , Michigan . The chemists were astonished , and reached the same conclusion as Dr. Kokatnur had : that this ancient manuscript provides accurate instructions for how to make a dry electric battery . WILCOCK : The battery doesn 't show up in our conventional technology until the 19th century . What the heck is it doing in the Agastya Samhita- - the sacred text that was Agastya 's personal writings ? If Agastya knew how to build a battery , then how can we rule out all of the other marvelous technology that is described in the same document ? NARRATOR : On March 31 , 2016 , author and researcher David Childress met with physics professor Dr. Michael Dennin at the University of California , Irvine , to put Sage Agastya 's centuries-old instructions for building a battery to the test . So we need a well-cleaned copper plate . DENNIN : Okay , so that 's the copper plate here . That 's gonna make one end of our battery . All right . And we need an earthenware vessel . We 've actually chosen to substitute that with a plastic petri dish . All that vessel is is an insulator to hold our battery . These are transparent , so we can look inside while we do our test . And then we need copper sulfate . So I 've got some copper sulfate solution here . It 's a liquid and it 's blue . That tells you about the copper inside . Okay , and we need moist sawdust . We 're gonna actually start with dry sawdust , and when we add the copper sulfate in our battery , it 'll become our moist sawdust . Okay , and then we need a zinc plate . So finally the silver-looking plates , those are our zinc plates . That makes the other end of the battery . All right , let 's see how this works , then . Okay , so we start with the copper plate . As I said , you put that at the bottom . And then we add the sawdust . Okay , and what does the sawdust do ? Well , one of the important things in the battery is to make sure the two metals don 't touch each other . They have to stay separated or the battery is shorted out . Now we 're gonna add zinc on top . Now we 're gonna add the copper sulfate . CHILDRESS : What does that do ? DENNIN : So this is our electrolyte solution . It 's a key element to the battery . It 's gonna cause the chemical reaction that 'll take electrons from one of the metals and allow them to flow to the other metal , and that 'll give us our current and our battery . Now we 're gonna take our volt meter and we 're gonna check and see what sort of voltage we 're getting out of this battery . And as you can see , we 've got one volt on the volt meter . So our battery is actually working and running . Wow , and this really validates this ancient text . So what can you do with one volt ? DENNIN : Well , with one volt and a typical single battery like this , the cool thing is you have enough energy content that you could lift a person , say a 200-pound person , about ten meters into the air , if you had the right machinery to hook this battery up to . CHILDRESS : Wow . NARRATOR : A battery with enough power to lift a person off the ground ? Could the technology described by Sage Agastya be connected to the floating thrones that were allegedly witnessed in the chamber beneath Kailasa Temple ? Is this further evidence of an advanced society that arose thousands of years ago , during a time when extraterrestrials coexisted with mankind ? But if so , what happened to Shiva and the devices he brought to Earth ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest the answers may lie hidden high on a Himalayan mountain peak that is forbidden to climbers . DUNCAN ROADS : Almost every pilgrim who goes to Mount Kailash reports unusual experiences . CHILDRESS : Is it possible that Mount Kailash is some kind of extraterrestrial base inside of a mountain ? NARRATOR The Tibetan Himalayas . In this harsh desolate region of the world stands a mountain sacred to billions of people , the distinctive peak of Mount Kailash . YOUNG : Mount Kailash in Western Tibet is a remarkable peak . It rises some 22,000 feet pretty much straight up . It 's seen somewhat conical from one side , more like a pyramid from another . It is the origins of four of the world 's great religions : Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Daoism . SHIMKHADA : Mount Kailash is believed to be home of Shiva . He 's supposed to reside on top of Mount Kailash . Because of that , it is sacred . NARRATOR : Dr. Ernst Muldashev , a prominent Russian eye surgeon , has led 21 expeditions examining some of the most remote regions on the planet . In 1999 , he spent a month at Mount Kailash studying its structure . What he found led him to put forth a controversial theory , one that suggests Mount Kailash may be much more than just the mythological home of Shiva . Dr. Ernst Muldashev led an expedition of Russian scientists to Mount Kailash . And he observed that its apex , its peak , highly resembles a man-made pyramid and began to develop the theory that , in fact , the apex of Kailash is man-made or perhaps made by extraterrestrials as the home of Shiva . ( speaking Russian ) TRANSLATOR : This is a huge pyramid , the largest pyramid in the world . It is , in fact , very similar to a step pyramid . NARRATOR : Could Mount Kailash really contain an artificial structure that is home to Shiva ? According to all religions that revere the mountain , setting foot on its slopes is a dire sin , and it is claimed that many who ventured to defy the taboo died in the process . This , along with the fact that China prohibits climbing Mount Kailash , has made examination of the peak impossible . But curiously , many who visit the mountain have reported strange happenings . Almost every pilgrim who goes to Mount Kailash reports unusual experiences along the way . A lot of people report rapid aging if they stay in the area . Fingernails grow faster , hair grows faster . ( Muldashev speaking Russian ) TRANSLATOR : Pilgrims go to Kailash to absorb the energy of the mountain . What I personally felt near Mount Kailash ? I felt some energy . I usually do not feel energy . I do not have psychic powers , but I felt it . NARRATOR : Is it possible that there really is some sort of energy emanating from Mount Kailash ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and suggest that , considering the strange anomalies and the legends that warn against ascending the peak , Mount Kailash may be radioactive . As further evidence , they point to a drawing that was discovered in the Mogao Caves of Western China , approximately 600 miles north of Mount Kailash . Between 500 BC and 1500 AD , Buddhists stashed away over 50,000 manuscripts in the Mogao Cave system . These went undiscovered until Aurel Stein , a Hungarian-born British researcher , came there in 1907 and rediscovered the cave . Hidden among these manuscripts was an incredible diagram . It 's from a second-century manuscript , and it 's of Mount Meru , the cosmic access , or stairway to heaven , of the Buddhist and Hindu tradition . Mount Meru is readily identified as a representation of Mount Kailash . The thing about this diagram is that it appears to be highly technological . NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that this diagram appears incredibly similar to a modern-day particle accelerator , the type used to power a nuclear reactor . And some propose that just before the time of the Great Flood , the remote mountain peak provided the perfect location for extraterrestrials to dispose of their nuclear technology , much like Yucca Mountain in Nevada is used to store nuclear waste today . Is it possible that Mount Kailash in Tibet is some kind of hollowed-out mountain , hollowed out thousands of years ago , perhaps by extraterrestrials , and could be completely poisoned by radiation ? NARRATOR : Could Mount Kailash contain the ultimate physical evidence of an earlier advanced civilization here on Earth ? One that had nuclear capabilities , which were given to them by extraterrestrials represented in the form of the Hindu gods ? Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the truth about our past may be uncovered by taking a closer examination of Shiva and what he truly represents . NARRATOR : August 5 , 1927 . Russian philosopher and Nobel Peace Prize nominee Nicholas Roerich is exploring the Himalayan Mountains when he sees a giant oval moving at a high speed and glowing like the sun . Changing directions from south to southwest , it disappears into the sky . Many of these UFO sightings are reported by Hindu pilgrims who move towards Mount Kailash . They 've also reported UFOs around Mount Kailash sometimes appearing to go directly into the mountain . And some people even claim there is an underground UFO base , as there have been reports of UFOs coming from the sky and disappearing at ground level . NARRATOR : If Mount Kailash was once radioactive , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest , could the presence of UFOs in the area be a sign that it is once again safe to access ? Or could it still contain working technology that extraterrestrials continue to utilize to this day ? Some ancient astronaut theorists propose the answer may be found by taking another look at Shiva , and the possibility that he is not just the bringer of energy , but is energy itself . When J. Robert Oppenheimer , the father of the atomic bomb , observed the first atomic explosion at the Trinity test site , he cited a line from the Bhagavad Gita . " I have become death , destroyer of worlds . " That 's the title of Shiva . Perhaps we should listen and look at these stories from a new perspective . What is the description about ? Could it be that Shiva was some type of energy ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that Shiva is a representation of some incredible cataclysmic event that happened thousands of years ago ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , but also insist that another demonstration of Shiva 's destructive powers is not only possible but inevitable . We are approaching the beginning of a new future for mankind . So , in a sense , it 's the end of an era and the turning of a new page . Even though Shiva 's function is to destroy , and he 's given that title , god of destruction , at the same time he makes it possible to create . So , destruction is part of creation . TSOUKALOS : The extraterrestrials will come back , and it will be the most amazing chapter in human history . NARRATOR : Is Shiva really nothing more than a mythical Hindu god ? One that offered early humans a way of describing some incredible catastrophic event ? Or is he something more ? Something of extraterrestrial origin ? Perhaps the answer lies not in the images carved upon the walls of a temple or in the words found written in sacred texts , but in the awesome power of energy and mankind 's increasing ability to harness it , as we make our journey back to the stars . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
