 - Previously on " dark matter " ... Alicia reynaud . Business magnate , venture capitalist , Ruthless criminal- - bad news . We 're going after her . This is just a fact-finding mission . Once we find out what this card does and how , Get out of there . - With the blink drive , You just disappear from one place And reappear somewhere else . Initiating blink drive . Something 's wrong . What the hell is happening ? I 'm detecting micro-breaches throughout the ship . Weapons and shields are down . Nav systems are offline . Engines are damaged , both ftl and sub-light . Rerouting power from damaged sections . Our weapons and shields are up . Nav systems are online . Sub-light engines are back , and working on ftl . Well , that didn 't go exactly as planned , did it ? Yeah , but was it a successful test of the blink drive ? No , we fell well short of our target destination . How short ? We only traveled 1.2 miles . 1.2 ? Guys , we could 've walked . What happened ? I 'll have to run a thorough diagnostic , Which may take some time . The drive may also require repair and adjustments , Which could also delay our next attempt . Next attempt ? Are you kidding me ? We barely survived the first one . No , once we figure it out , That device will allow us instantaneous travel Anywhere in the universe . We can 't give up . what is that ? It 's a distress call from regulus-12 . Devon and nyx are on that station . Take us back . Approaching the station . Are you receiving any other transmissions ? Just the one . It appears to be on a loop , Broadcasting at recurrent 3-minute intervals . Other than that , oddly , none . Why is it so dark ? What the hell ? The station appears to have come under attack . Devon and nyx ... Take us in . I can 't . The bays are damaged and are now exposed to atmosphere . We need to get in and help the survivors . I 'm sorry , two . I don 't believe there are any . What 's that ? They 're ships . I 'm detecting three in all . Onscreen . Hang on a sec . That looks like ... It can 't be . It 's ... Us . It 's the " raza . " What the hell was that ? It just disappeared . How is that possible ? The residual negative energy i 'm detecting Suggests they 're in possession of a blink drive Not unlike our own . Well , a fully functioning one . I don 't know what the hell 's going on , but i 've had enough . Get us out of here . What was that ? A third mikkei destroyer just dropped out of ftl And opened fire on us . Can we jump ? Ftl engines are still down . The damage to the blink drive is impeding our ability To restore them . Get down to system control and disengage it . Get us up and running . Let 's buy them some time . You got it . We 're about to have more company . The other two mikkei ships are closing fast . Hold your fire . Divert all power to the shields . This is the " raza . " we are standing down . Please respond . This is the " raza . " please respond . We are not your enemies . We are allies of your commander truffault . We 're not looking for a fight here . - This is commander truffault . Truffault ? - What the hell are you trying to pull ? What 's going on ? Why are your ships attacking us ? - We 're attacking you because we 're at war . What are you talking about ? - You 've decimated a dozen of our outposts , Destroyed three of our ships , And now you claim you don 't know what 's going on . The fact that you 're even talking to me suggests There 's something wrong with your blink drive , Otherwise you 'd be long gone by now . How does she know about the drive ? I don 't know . - Either you surrender and let us board , Or we blast you to bits And pick through your scattered remnants . Commander , i don 't know what 's going on . - Your delay tactics won 't work . The second we pick up readings of a jump attempt , We will annihilate you . Again , awaiting your decision , " raza . " All right , i promise you no resistance , Provided you can guarantee the safety of my crew . - Turn over the drive , and you have a deal . Done . " raza " out . Five , how 's it looking down there ? Stand by . it 's not good . The blink drive is fried . - What about the ftl engines ? We 'll have to re-route through another access port . That will take some time . - How long ? Approximately 30 minutes . Good . Keep working on it . We 're about to have some company . I 've placed the sections outside the air lock And the mess hall under lockdown . This is as much for their protection As it is for yours . Do not attack unless engaged . And i need you all to stay out of sight . We need to draw this out , Buy some time to make repairs . Once we get the ftl up and running , We 'll make the jump . - They said they 'd open fire if we tried . I 'm counting on the fact that they won 't- - Not with their own people on board . Two out . Shouldn 't you be with five ? She doesn 't require my assistance . Besides , i 've made a surprising discovery That i think you should know about . I 've detected an anomalous distortion In the area of the ship 's exit point into normal space . Right , because we used the blink drive . But likely not in the way in which it was intended . A slight variance in the temperature Of the cosmic microwave background Suggests a highly unusual possibility- - We may have inadvertently traveled to a parallel universe . What ? The multiverse theory of quantum physics Posits the existence of alternate worlds Running parallel to our own- - Divergent time streams that may differ slightly Or even significantly Than the reality that we inhabit . They can theoretically be accessed by- - Punching a hole through space-time . It would explain a lot- - Mikkei 's unusually aggressive actions , Commander truffault 's knowledge of the blink drive , And , of course , The other " raza . " The rest of the crew will no doubt have a hard time Believing this . The rest of the crew is not who i 'm worried about . Are you done ? If you want to run a scan , i can give you the coordinates . I have no interest in either proving or disproving Your lunatic theory . I 'm here for the drive . I 'm sure you have someone on board Who 'll be able to confirm it 's genuine . I gave you the device . I held up my end of the deal . And so will i . I guarantee the safety of you and your crew ... Until delivery to central , At which point my superiors will decide what to do with you . I 'm afraid it 's not gonna be that simple . Oh , no ? This section of the ship is under lockdown . My crew is armed and hidden . We won 't be going down without a fight . I will just have to return to my ship , then . Making it back might be a problem . Looks like we 're at an impasse . Have your men withdraw . You stay . Once our ftl is operational , we will make the jump , And we will drop you off at the nearest space station . You got what you came for . Granted , it 's damaged , probably irreparably , But it 's possible to study its components And reverse engineer a working model . You know that . uh , yes ? Are you sure ? Sorry , commander . They said it was urgent . This is commander truffault . I 'm in the middle of something . Yes , okay . What ? How is that possible ? And you 're sure ? Yes . Thank you . We 've just received reports Along with visual confirmation That the " raza " has just launched an attack Against a traugott research facility Over 300 light-years from here . Earlier ... I believe you mentioned something about us being allies . You gave her the drive ? I didn 't have a choice . It wouldn 't have been much use to us anyways . So we 're stuck here in some other universe , With other versions of ourselves roaming around Just doing god knows what . Not necessarily . The blink drive got us here . Theoretically , it can get us back . We don 't have one anymore . But we know who does . If we want to get home , We 've got to go after the other " raza . " . - As the galactic war enters its second month , The unprecedented death toll continues to rise . And while no one has claimed responsibility For the bombing on the diplomatic summit of eos-7 Which sparked current hostilities , Unconfirmed reports from within the league of autonomous worlds Are said to point the finger squarely at ferrous corporation Or agents operating on their behalf . Ferrous corp has steadfastly denied the charges . - The allegations are ridiculous . Ferrous corp lost people in that attack as well , And we believe the evidence will show It is the work of anticorporate rebels . - Regardless of whether or not they were behind the attack , There 's no denying that ferrous corp Has come out ahead in the conflict to date . How goes it ? I 'm almost done ... For whatever that 's worth . I don 't understand . Well , we 'll have the ftl up and running , But that won 't get us back home . But this ship is our home . I mean back to our reality . What difference does it make ? Whether here or there , There 's nothing for us but this ship ... And each other . Yeah . Anyway , what are the others doing ? The space station 's data hub is still operational , So they 're researching this reality And their alternate selves . Why ? Aren 't you the least bit curious to find out What path life may have taken Had circumstances been different ? No , because i 'm happy with how things turned out . And i have a bad feeling that ... In this universe , i wouldn 't want to know . - This is lieutenant kal varrick Reporting from the " raza . " I 've already uploaded the virus that will sabotage the engines . Once we drop out , The ship will start broadcasting a subspace signal Which should facilitate tracking . The " raza " ' s security mechanism is an android . Verbal shutdown command- - three-tango-five , Gulf-sierra-six . Get to her fast , Because if she perceives an insurmountable threat , She 's programmed to wipe the ship 's data stores . Now , if all goes according to plan , I 'll be- - Hey , what the hell ? - Sources within the mikkei combine Accuse ferrous corp of hiring outlaw mercenaries To aid in their war effort , Most notably the fugitive ship " raza . " Believed to be among the crew Are marcus boone and portia lin , Both wanted on galactic warrants For terrorism and mass murder . Recently , lin has been tied to an attack On the headquarters of dwarf star technologies , Which claimed the lives of over 200 company personnel , Including that of ceo alexander rook . What have you learned ? That we 're about as popular in this reality As we are in our own . You ? I think i may have found a way to get to the other " raza . " How do we do that ? By sending them an invitation . You think they 'd trust us ? Not us- - This reality 's version of me- - Emperor ishida ryo of zairon . I told you i didn 't want to see you Until you finished clearing those crates . I did finish . So we don 't have to worry about booby traps ? No , because i spaced everything . What ? You said it yourself- - Probably more trouble than they 're worth . Why didn 't you just question the prisoners ? What prisoners ? you didn 't . Mm ... Oh ... What am i gonna do with you ? That 's your call , boss . Oh ? No . No ! Ryo ... It 's been a while . - It 's good to see you , portia . What do you want ? - You less so . I 've been presented with an opportunity That may be of interest to you . Do tell . - I will , when we meet to discuss . Now is good . - I can 't risk anyone intercepting Our subspace communications . Then forget about it . We 're busy . We got stuff to steal- - people to kill . - Well , the " raza " can get anywhere in an instant . You can make time . And trust me--for this , you 're going to want to . No . Okay . We 're coming to zairon . - No , zairon is no longer safe . There are spies everywhere . I 'll send you the coordinates in a separate data burst . Why do i get the feeling that guy hates me , huh ? Am i imagining it ? No , you 're definitely not imagining it . Do you think they 'll show ? Oh , sure . Whether it will be to meet with you or kill you , That remains to be seen . There 's no room to dock , So we 'll be taking the " marauder " in . It looks like there 's a pocket on the lower levels That still has life support . If you spot any trouble , just give us a heads-up . - You got it . Ryo , what have you got for us ? What is this ? What do you want ? For starters , i 'll take that coat . Quick in-and-out- - we get the drive , and we go . Yeah , well , i wasn 't planning On hanging around to check the place out . I 'm a little curious about other me 's gun collection . Some other time , then , huh ? Make it quick . Got it . Whoa . What 'd you do ? It wasn 't me . They 're engaging the engines . Oh , shit . We 're gonna- - . Hey . How 'd it go with ishida ? We 've still got business on that space station . Yeah , well , we got business right here too . Neiman 's orders . We need to clear up some misunderstanding On a mining colony . What kind of misunderstanding ? Mm , the usual . You coming ? In there . Yeah , yeah . Duplicates of us . Duplicate " raza . " May i make an educated guess as to what 's going on ? No , you may not . - Four ? Yes ? We 've been contacted by commander truffault . She wants to know how it went . - Complications ? The ship jumped . They 're gone . - So your friends were unsuccessful ? That remains to be seen . They 're still on board . - What about lin and boone ? We have them . - Far from ideal . Okay , emperor ... Coming to you . All right . [ indistinct shouting in the distance ] Hey , how you doing ? Excuse me . Let me do the talking . Don 't i always ? You with ferrous corp ? We 're their representatives . We 're here to speak on their behalf . Yeah , there ain 't nothing to talk about . We 're declaring independence . You know ferrous corp isn 't gonna let that happen . Well , maybe we need to show them we 're serious- - Willing to kill for our freedom ... Starting with you two . Push comes to shove , most would be willing to kill For their freedom . Willing to die- - that 's another matter . Now , trust me , There 'll be plenty of time for both later . Right now we just want to talk . After you . Hey ! Hey . What 's up ? Mm . ah . Um , you know ... Mm . hi . Hi . What ? Maybe this isn 't a good time . What are you talking about ? We got maybe 20 minutes before they get back . That 's kind of tight , isn 't it ? Are you serious ? 20 minutes would be a record for you . Really ? Okay , look ... Yeah , i 've had a bad day , And maybe we can just , uh ... Pick it up again tomorrow , all right ? Mm . Ugh ! Can 't believe you still fall for that . Later , loser . Ugh . You tested the device Without making the proper adjustments . You didn 't account for temporal displacement . That 's why you and the rest of your crew are here . Instead of going from point a to point b In your reality , You punched a hole through space-time And ended up here , Where our ishida reclaimed his throne . Something you obviously haven 't done ... Not yet . Mind you , i don 't know how you 're gonna do that Without the blink drive . Well , how did he do it ? Little help from his friends . Go on . I can vent the atmosphere in there , Stand here , and watch you die . I 'm shaking . Try me . Mm . After eos-7 , the corporations backing pyr pulled out . They had bigger things to worry about , So we took advantage And helped zairon destroy their fleet . And they welcomed you back with open arms . Did i have allies in the palace ? You made a deal with a couple of old friends , Members of the royal court Who you knew you could still trust . Your stepbrother , hiro , was one of them . That came back to bite you in the ass . How ? He started lobbying for democratic rights . But you put an end to that . The ryo we know can make the hard decisions And exploit the right opportunities . What 's holding you back , hmm ? I know what you 're thinking- - Ferrous corp is too busy fighting a war To worry about some insignificant mining community . But you 're wrong . They 're gonna come down on you hard , Because if they don 't , it 'll send a message To every other insignificant mining community That ferrous is weak and can 't keep its own house in order . We won 't be intimidated . You don 't understand . We 're not here to- - what the hell ? I said you could do the talking . I didn 't say anything about the shooting . Time to move . Let her go . What , you mean alive ? Yes , alive . Now . What the hell is your problem today ? " raza , " this is the " marauder . " - So do we spank them ? Affirmative . Prep it . We 're on our way back . Prep what ? The nuke . This mining colony 's about to learn the hard way , You don 't mess with ferrous corp . . " raza , " this is the " marauder . " - Yeah ? Stand down . - What ? I 'm ordering you to stand down . And what have i told you about giving me orders ? I don 't know what the hell you think- - Shut up . We are not dropping a nuke on this facility . Why not ? - Because there 's another way to deal with this situation . Sure , but we don 't have time to shoot them all . A way that doesn 't involve anyone getting killed . Corso ? Hey , do i need to remind you we have a job to do here ? And we will get it done , But not by destroying this colony and everyone in it . Corso , do you copy ? Corso , do- - What ? Something 's up . What do you mean ? You 're acting strange . What happened on that space station ? What did ishida say to you ? I 'll tell you back on the ship . You 'll tell me now . Hello . Huh ? Oh , hey . As this ship 's service android , It 's my duty to inform the crew of any impending danger . Yeah . In this case , it 's the nuclear missile we just launched That 's headed towards the planet 's surface , Where the " marauder " is presently located . What ? Can you override its nav systems ? Unfortunately , i can 't . Oh , man . Shit . Boom . Good night , portia . You shifty son of a bitch . You say that like it 's a bad thing . What 's up ? You launched that nuke While she was still down on the planet Yeah , the android told me . That little snitch . I 'm gonna have to re-jig her neural interface ... But yours first . Yeah ? Hello , lover . I 'll never forget the first time i ever punched you . You told me i hit like a girl . You do . You hit like a super-fit , well-trained , scary , scary girl . For months , corso 's been secretly gunning for you two , And i 'm the only reason you 're still alive . Well , then i 'm sure we can both appreciate the irony Of you standing over me with that knife . Tash . You 're on the wrong side of this . Corso just tired to kill wexler and me down on that planet . He launched an orbital nuke While we were still on the surface . Where is wexler ? He 's back on the " marauder . " Wexler , it 's tash . Come in . He can 't respond right now . Why not ? Because he 's unconscious , but let me explain . Do we really have to do this ... Again ? As this ship 's service android , It 's my duty to protect the crew from harm ... And , on occasion , each other . Thank you . You 're welcome . You know why our two and three aren 't like them ? Because of you . I don 't know exactly what happened , But in this reality , you weren 't there to save my life . There was no mind wipe , and ... Everything turned out different . - Sorry to interrupt , But a mikkei cruiser just dropped out of ftl . It launched a shuttle which should be arriving shortly . Lock us down . Any word from your people ? Not yet . Hmm . Something 's wrong . Shut down . No . Do i have to shoot her ? No . Bridge is secure . We have the " raza . " . " raza , " this is two . What 's your situation ? - I would best describe your current situation as dire . Truffault ? What the hell 's going on ? Oh , please , this is just a preemptive double-cross . I thought we had a deal . - We did ... A deal you never had any intention of honoring . We both know that . So here 's the new deal- - The lives of your people in exchange for the drive . Look , this universe or your own- - What difference does it make ? I mean , what the hell is waiting for you back there ? Our own mess . The lives of your people for the drive . What 's it gonna be ? - The shuttle just docked . Good . Sergeant , as soon i confirm we have the blink drive , You can bring the prisoners down to the air lock . Roger that . What is this ? - Commander , this is the bridge . Something 's wrong . We 're locked out of all controls . No , that 's impossible . - Sorry about this , commander . I assume you had to take out our android To get control of the " raza . " That 's fine . We 've got another one . And you just let her on board your ship . - Commander , we 're powering weapons . Wow . Didn 't expect that . Looks like you just took out their aft shield generator . All right , they 're in no position to take on one " raza , " Let alone two . So what 's it gonna be ? That 's my coat . Not anymore . Where 's truffault ? We already sent her back to her ship . I got to say , I can 't believe you work with that bitch . Hmm . Well , ours seems a little bit nicer ... A little . Oh , by the way , You 'll find your crew members tied up in the mess . There you are . I 'm happy to see you 're up and running again . Thank you . I understand you 've decided to return to your ship . My presence on this " raza " would be redundant . Besides , my loyalty is to my crew ... And to portia in particular . I owe her a debt of gratitude . For what ? For making me what i am . Stand by . The blink drive is ... Online . I 've completed the nav calculations . We 're good to go . You sure this is gonna work ? Returning us to our original point of departure Should be relatively straightforward- - Outside of the theoretical possibility of an overload That could destroy this ship . But the chances of that are so remote , They 're hardly worth mentioning . And yet you did . Let 's do this . All right , everybody , get ready . No pops , no sparks , no alarms- - Looks promising . I 'm detecting something- - A small vessel . It appears to have just detached itself From the outer hull . Give us a visual . It 's the " marauder . " That 's not our " marauder . " Android , prepare to intercept . I 'm sorry , two . It appears this " marauder " was ftl capable . Who the hell did we just bring back with us ? . We 're within range of regulus-12 's data hub . Stand by . Nice job , kid . The station is broadcasting normally . It worked . All right . Set a course for the station . Let 's go get our people . Yeah . Any word about devon ? Nyx says she waited for him for hours , And he never showed . Huh . He 's not answering his comm . Wow . Sounds to me like he decided to move on . Why would he do that ? He wouldn 't leave without at least saying good-bye . How do you know ? I mean , i 'm sorry , But did any of us really know the guy ?
