 What is the meaning of this ? You are working on experiments of regeneration which brings the dead back to life . Are you not ? I owe you no explanation . Leave ! My follower has deep interest in the work you are doing . This work has not been sanctioned by CSS , so you will turn everything over to us . Now . I will not . You will , you will . No ! You animals , I will not turn my work over to butchers ! You will , you will . Such medical advancements wasted on a monster . Higler has bigger plans for the work done here , much bigger . You have no idea how we plan to build on the design . The brain and the heart , collect them , now ! Duke Larson to harbor command . Harbor command , what is it ? I 'm about to go out and make a sweep of the cove , any word on those missing boaters ? No report on the people . But , a few life vests were found in the tide just an hour ago . Any markings to identify where they might have come from ? None , standard issue . All right , well keep me posted . The last thing we need is a summer full of missing swimmers and boaters , bad for business . Great deduction , Captain Obvious . This is a vacation , Coop , enough of the technology already . Madge , you have your books , I have my electronic devices . Skip , say something , please . What is the weather supposed to be like today ? What ? I don 't wanna get stuck out in the water , in a boat , when it 's gonna pour down rain . Do you ? That 's not the point . Yes , it is . The point is , we 've been planning this excursion for weeks and our intentions were to leave all this baggage behind . Why 'd we bring you then ? Why do I bother ? We 're only teasing you . It 's because we like you . You wanna go on a date ? You know I 'm seeing Jimmy Calton . See , there you go again , Madge . He 's only teasing you , a joke , haha . You mean neither of you would date me ? Noooooo ! Seriously ? You two . What 's the name of this place ? Katzman Cove , why ? I 'm gonna look it up and get all techy on it . Who 's gonna drive the boat ? None of us , the boat 's rental has it 's own driver . You mean like a personal tour guide ? No , like someone who actually knows how to pilot a boat . Stop the presses , folks . Some bad stuff on Katzman Cove on the net . We 're adults , hit us with it . Well this is from a recent news report dated three days ago , and I quote , " The recent disappearance of several boaters " and sunbathers has hurt the tourist industry " of Katzman Cove . " Authorities are looking into the causes " of the recent tragedies , but no answers are forthcoming . " That doesn 't sound very comforting . Is it too late to get our deposit back ? Yep . Everything on the internet is true . Can 't believe you 're gonna let that spook you . People disappear int he ocean everyday . Coves , Skip , a cove . I can look it up but it 's an end let of the ocean . Yeah , yeah , yeah . I don 't need a geography lesson . My point is , that it could be some kind of isolated incident and we shouldn 't let it ruin a good time . Why let disappearances and death get in the way of a good time ? See , that fellow over there isn 't deterred by urban legends or old wives tales . Biting already . That 's exactly how I found him , sir . What do you reckon it could be ? Looks like scraps . Scraps of different species of sharks . Scraps of shark ? Who 'd carve up a bunch of shark and dump ' em down here like this , it doesn 't make any sense . Yeah , the tide washed ' em up here . For the record , nothing makes sense around here any more . Maybe there 's another shark out there , a bigger one , eating all the little sharks . That 's a piece of a Great White . Ain 't nothing bigger and meaner than a great white . I 've fished these waters for years , I ain 't never seen anything like that . Never ? No sir , great white has no natural enemy . He does now . What are you thinking ? Disappearing people , sharks eating sharks , the only thing missing from this story is a mad scientist . Return , return , return , my friend . Soon , very soon . All these years of secret work will pay off , and we 'll finally create a legion of indestructible voyages and finish what was started by so many , so long ago . Clouse will be that person to take 60 years of work , and bring it into the 21st century , and make humanity beg . I have a feeling good fortune will soon be coming our way . Finally , we 're here . Due in no part to my fantastic driving . Now , let 's get our stuff gang . I have everything I need . Man it looks like a used car lot . Lead the way . There 's row B , right there . Hello , are you our guide , Hoskins ? We rented the boat for eight hours . You 'll take us where we wanna go to , right ? Does anyone else have a bad feeling about this ? Well , we paid for the boat . It 's not like they 'd hire a psychopath to drive it . Would they ? She 's got a point . Permission to come aboard , Captain ? Out there , that way , my good man . Man , this is awesome . I wonder how fast one of these things goes ? Fast enough to kill you if you 're not careful . Don 't even ask to drive it . Even Hoskins thinks it 's a bad idea . What 's eating ' ya , Madge ? If you stare into the blackness of the water , then it makes you wonder . Yeah ? What if there was something down there ? Like what , the Lochness Monster ? Or Flipper ? Puff the Magic Dragon ? Son of Godzilla . I 'm serious . All those missing swimmers and boaters went somewhere . I mean , something happened to them . Maybe Hoskins knows . Do you know what 's been going on out here at Katzman Cove ? Doesn 't sound good , whatever he 's trying to say . Let 's just keep going . Hey ! What the hell ? Afternoon Hoskins , folks . Is something wrong , sir ? Yeah , there is . Did we do something wrong ? No , no , not at all . But , I have to ask you to cut your fun short and head back to the marina . What the hell for ? We rented this thing all day and we still have six hours left . I understand you 're disappointed . But , there 's been some trouble and for everyone 's safety , you need to get off the water . Hoskins , take ' em in , okay ? Thanks , we still on for beers at The Rambler tonight ? Can we ask what the danger is ? That 's confidential . But for your own safety , you need to get back to shore . Can we at least finish eating first ? Sure , but wrap it up quickly . You guys have a good afternoon , okay ? We better get a refund . Just do what the man said . My friend , one last test before we move ahead to the final transplant . We must make sure the range on our control device is pushed to the limit . Soon , the world won 't have a leg to stand on . This just keeps getting better and better all the time . Where the hell 's the rest of ' em ? Maybe in the water ? Yeah , he broke in half all by himself and jumped in the water . Those are shark bites . Everybody 's ready to blame sharks , yet , none have been seen offshore or in the cove . Either way , only a shark could do this . Did you see the teeth marks ? Yeah , I did . Well what are you gonna do about it ? Guess it 's time to take this investigation under water . All right , tell the divers to move in . And I want a full report when they surface . Yes sir , right away . Okay , let 's move in . Remember , stick together . Let 's go down a bit farther , into the crevice . Did you see that ? It was huge . Keep cool , let 's go check it out . Keep your lights on . Very good , let 's try 10 kilometers northeast . Kill , kill , my friend . Now , make your way back to home base , and spare nothing in your path . We 've hit something , down in the water . Or something hit us . Is it a submerged log ? I can 't tell , it 's gone now . Hey Hoskins , let 's do what that patrol master asked and get back to harbor . What is it , what 's wrong ? Doesn 't sound good . He 's indicating the propeller might be broken . Guess we 're out here for a while longer then . Can you fix it , Hoskins ? Keep us posted , okay ? He doesn 't know how long it 's gonna take . That sucks , what now ? Well there 's a small island over there . Why don 't we go explore it ? Hoskins can pick us up when he gets the boat fixed . Cool idea . Seriously ? Beats roasting out here . Yeah . It 's an easy swim . I don 't know about this idea . Come on , Madge , don 't be such a party pooper . Yeah . Hey , Hoskins , we 're gonna swim over to the island , pick us up when you get the motor running . Don 't worry , we 'll be okay . Something brushed up against me . It 's probably just a fish , you are in the water . Come on , we 're almost there . This place looks pretty remote . Yeah , there 's tons of these small islands pocketing the cove . Hey , maybe we 'll find some lonely native girls . Or maybe we 'll find trouble . Which way ? Well , we can work our way up that side , or we could follow the shoreline . Let 's follow the shoreline , that way if Hoskins fixes the boat , he 'll be able to see us . Okay , I 'll leave the bag here for a reference point . End of the line guys . Looks like it 's been here for 60 years . Let 's keep going . No way , there could be a mad hermit ready to unleash some wild dogs or something . We 'll just go a little ways in , if we hear any dogs barking , we 'll turn back . Come on . I knew someone lived back here . Let 's head back . Looks like something from Sanford and Son . Yeah , the house looks completely abandoned . Let 's check it out . I 'm game . Coming , Madge ? Do I have a choice ? Yeah , you can wait right there . The bodies keep piling up , but the clues sure don 't . Dispatch ? Yes , sir ? Keep those no swimming signs going up every 50 feet along the beach . We 're working on it . Has Hoskins returned to the marina ? Not sure . Well check the log books . One moment . No , there is no record of Hoskins in the log book . He must still be out on the water . That 's what I was afraid of . Have a boat ready for me , I 'm gonna go out and look for him . Him and those kids he was escorting must be in some kind of trouble . Yes , sir , right away . This place is disgusting . 100 years ago this place was probably home to elegant parties held by someone very wealthy . I guess they shouldn 't have fired the maid . Someone still lives here . What makes you say that ? That looks fresh . So what , you think we 're the only people who trespass in here ? Bet you half of Katzman Cove come here to get high and have sex . What was that ? It sounded like an iron gate closing . Did you feel it ? It came from underneath the floor like it was in the water . Who cares what it was , let 's just get out of here . Where 's your sense of adventure ? Back on the boat with Hoskins . Well you can stay here if you want . I 'm gonna go check it out . He 's gonna get us all in big trouble some day . That 's Coop . Looks like an experimental tank , but what would it be doing here in this old place ? If I was doing something sinister , I 'd wanna hide away in a place like this . Maybe they train killer whales or dolphins . There 's something in the tank , look . She 's right . It looked like what I saw earlier when we were on the boat . Like I said , it 's a dolphin or a killer whale . What the hell did we just see ? A shark , a monster shark . I 've never seen a shark like that before . It looked like a grotesque combination of different sharks . There 's something really weird going on here . So true . So , so true . Welcome to my humble home . Harbor control to Hoskins , do you read me ? This is Duke . Look , I know you can 't talk but you gotta send me some kind of signal . Hoskins , I need to know that you 're okay . Send me some kind of signal . Damn it ! What are you gonna do with us ? I ask the questions , young lady . Who are you and what are you doing here ? I 'm Skip , this is Coop , she 's Madge . We swam to this island from our boat . It broke down in the cove . Is that so ? Who else is aware of your presence here ? Just the pilot of the boat . Well , this could be fortuitous for all parties involved . I may need a few extra hands . What if we don 't wanna help you ? Then all your troubles are over . What do you need us to do ? I need your help with an experiment , that is all . Then you 'll let us go ? You 'll let us leave ? Yes , if you cooperate you will be set free . How do we know you 'll keep your word ? Clouse is a man of his word . If I promise you something , you can be guaranteed it will happen . Okay , okay , it 's cool . You would be wise not to test my generosity . I have been working here for many years . And the experiment for the great cause is close to coming to formation . What experiments are you working on ? You saw the shark , the specially created shark . A combination of great white , blue , hammerhead , and mako , all killers of the sea . I stitched it together with my own hands , these hands . The great experiment will succeed . What is this great experiment ? I 'm so glad you asked . It started back during World War II . The FBI found out about an experiment being furthered by scientists without approval . The heart and brain of the Frankenstein monster , still alive , here . That 's just a fictitious story . No , my friend , it was very real . The plan was to use this miraculous feat of science to create a race of creatures that were indestructible and unstoppable , used to win the war on the water front . It was brilliant . Germany lost World War II , badly . I am aware of that but it doesn 't mean the experiment would end . Pockets of resistance groups have combined forces , and we will see is the birth of a new weapon , and we will start a new war . One we will finish , and win . Why Frankenstein 's heart and brain ? Why not ? A beautiful blend of animal and man . Sharkenstein ? Very clever , yet so fitting . We have the brain and heart of other top leaders and scientists , all preserved in the same manner as the monster . Once we perfect the shark experiments , we will move toward human transplants . You mean they saved Hitler 's brain ? Precisely . You will assist me in putting the monster 's heart and brain into my super shark . This is the part where you tell me I 'm crazy . Looks like a storm 's brewing . It is time , my friends . It 's a fantastic success . It 's alive , it 's alive ! Quickly , we must move it to the deck . Seems unstable . Don 't be stupid . It 's recovering from the side effects of the surgery . How would you feel if you woke up in a shark 's body ? The monster hasn 't known true life for many decades . I will communicate with it , and it will understand , and learn . You have been very useful to me in the great experiment , now I must detain you until I have time to decide . Decide what ? You said you 'd let us go . I will , but now I have important matters to attend to . And I need you where I can call on you if need be . Now move . Stay put , I will be back soon . We should have known better than to trust him . He had a gun trained on us , what could we do ? Don 't worry about it , we 'll figure a way out of this . We just have to keep our heads . We just operated on a shark and transplanted the Frankenstein monster 's brain and heart into it . This is a vacation we aren 't sure to forget ? We need to find a way out of here , because he is coming back and then he 's gonna kill us . We don 't know that . We know too much , we know his whole crazy plan . Our main priority is to get out of here and warn the authorities . Now let 's try to find something to break out of here with . Do you hear me ? I am your master and you will obey . Do you hear ? You will obey . Obey ! You are the Frankenstein monster and I am your master . I know you are full of cruelty and hate , and I will help you channel that . Is that better ? I am Clouse , my voice will guide you and I will be your master . Are you ready for your first assignment ? There is a small boat anchored a short way from this building , seek it out and kill the human on board . Now go ! Obey ! You are attracting unwanted attention . This is not part of the plan ! I am your master , obey me ! I am you master , obey me , obey me ! You stupid beast ! Monster , you will obey ! You cannot stray from the plan . You will obey ! Hurry up , Clouse von butt head will be back any second . I 'm trying , Madge , cut us some slack . Come on , just a little more , I think it 's budging . The building is falling . That sounded like a support beam breaking . It 's the shark , it 's going bizerk . I think it 's going over . We 'll be killed . Is everything okay ? We need to get to shore . She 's right . No , skip ! Hurry up and get in ! That was too close . What the hell was that thing ? Sharkenstein . Sharken what ? It 's a monster , made from different sharks , and Frankenstein 's heart and brain . Like the story ? Yes , yes , let 's just talk about it later and get the hell out of here . We 're too late . It 's circling back to ram us . So what 's the plan before we run out of gas ? I 'm gonna get us back to land . Great plan , I would have never thought of that . Hey , if you don 't like it , you can jump out and swim . I could 've left you and your girlfriend back in the water to end up as shark chow . She 's not my girlfriend ! Yeah , well I figured a square like you couldn 't get a girl that good looking . Sharkenstein won 't give up . Get us to land , fast . I 'm working on it , Rome wasn 't built in a day you know . No , but your coffin will be . Move it , move it ! Over there , a dock . We 'll take this in , he 's almost on us . Eat shit Frankenstein . This is for you . What 's it doing ? Looks like it 's sizing up the situation . Don 't worry , it can 't live out of water . We 're safe . We 're in big trouble . How so ? Lightening is what brought the Frankenstein monster back to life . That 's bad . Everything 's afraid of fire , especially Frankenstein . Sharkenstein . Whatever . We gotta follow it , and stop it . Are you nuts ? I 'm out of here . Duke is right , we have to stop it . It 's a killing machine . You 're only saying that because he said you were cute . Yeah . Look , you two love birds do whatever you want . I 'm going after it . We already lost Skip , isn 't that enough ? We have a duty to do something about it . The only duty we have is to survive . We 've been through enough already . Put my cow down . Now ! How do you know we 're on Sharkenstein 's trail ? I 'm following these fin tracks . Come on . How long has this been going on ? What , shark hunting ? No , the disappearances , the murders ? A few weeks in abundance . You say the guy that created this mutant , he was a mad scientist ? Yeah , he was a Nazi wannabe . This is part of a larger experiment . Others around the world are working on the same thing . Once we stop Sharkenstein , we 'll have to deal with that too . One thing at a time , Maggie . It 's Madge , the name is Madge . Damn it , I 'm lost . I have a weapon , and I know karate . Who 's there ? Must just be my nerves . I hope you found dinner already . That sounded like Coop . It came from that direction . Come on , let 's go . Hold on , let 's listen . A giant shark , a monster , on land . It almost got my cattle , it went that way . We need to kill it before it harms anyone else . Yeah ! No one 's safe while this creature roams the land . Yeah ! Let 's go kill this instant ! Yeah ! Come on ! Shouldn 't we follow them ? No , we 're gonna go that way . Why ? Cause this looks like a scene from a Universal horror film . These yokels will do nothing but shoot themselves up , and us if we get in between them . An angry mob 's nothing to mess with . Okay , Cathy , step over the water and give me some of those poses that your fans will remember . It 's not Cathy , it 's Bonnie . Bonnie Boom Boom . That was back in the 80 's when you were a porn star . Adult entertainer . Well Bonnie Boom Boom , the publisher of Adult Stars Today would like some pictures , so if you don 't mind , can you do something ? Anything . I thought you said this was a closed shoot ? I don 't wanna be swarmed by my fans . Yeah , all five of them tracked you down after all these years . Watch it . I 'm guessing you 're not interested in an autograph , are you ? I didn 't even get your name ! This way folks ! Yeah ! What a grotesque mockery of man and fish . Damn ! Do you think it 'll return to the water ? No , I doubt it . The human side is taking over . It becomes a battle of both parts , and nobody wins . Remember , it has the monster 's brain and heart . Legend says it 's indestructible , unstoppable . Nothing 's indestructible . Think back to the movies , maybe there 's a clue there . The Frankenstein book and movies differ greatly . There 's no consistency between them and the real thing . How many movies are there ? Scores . Some based on the book , and most famous series are the old Universal films and the British hammer films . You sure do know a lot about that subject , don 't you ? I pride myself on it . Well , name Universal films . Well , there 's the original Frankenstein , and The Bride of Frankenstein , both borrow heavily from the book . Then there 's Son of Frankenstein , Ghost of Frankenstein , Frankenstein Meets The Wolfman , and House of Frankenstein . Okay , now the hammer films . All in blood curdling color . There 's Curse of Frankenstein , Revenge of Frankenstein , Frankenstein must be destroyed , Frankenstein Created Woman , Horror Frankenstein , Frankenstein and The Monster From Hell . Well that 's a boat load of Frankensteins . You asked , I told you . Back to destroying it . Well , we know it 's afraid of fire . Maybe we need to trap it and burn it to death . There 's an old lighthouse that sits on the north ridge of the cove . The state uses it to store munitions that were left over from when they dredged the channel . If we can lure it in there , and set those things off , that 's sure to be the end of it . Either way , Sharkenstein must be destroyed . First we have to locate it . Yeah , well , I 've got that covered too . We 'll just let the angry mob flush it out for us . All we have to do is stick close and buy our time . Come on . Hold your places , folks . We 're just a few yards ahead of him . He 's gotta come through here sooner or later , and when he does , let him have it . Can you believe this ? Shark monster on land ? What 's the world coming to ? When we kill it , we 'll take it 's carcass and tour around the world , and make a fortune out of it . Sharkenstein , live and in person . There 's just one problem with that . What might that be ? It is in person , but it isn 't gonna be alive . Just give me a second to think about it . What the ? Over there ! Shoot it ! Follow that fish feed ! There it is , the old light house . And you said there were munitions inside ? There used to be . Let 's go see if they 're still there . What a pit . I 'm surprised this place hasn 't fallen in on itself . They only use it for storage . Look around for some large crates . Like that ? Let 's open it up and find out . Dynamite . And plenty of it . Enough to blow Sharkenstein back to the stone ages . So now what do we do ? We 'll wire this stuff together , then we 'll place some charges in various points around the base of the lighthouse . We 'll run ' em all the way up to the top . Once we lure that monster in here , we 'll trap him , and we 'll set ' em off . How do we do that without getting ourselves killed in the process ? We 'll think of something . But in the mean time , let 's just get started . And be careful , these things are old and volatile . Just like you . Funny . Well , Madge , I guess that about does it . Now , all we have to do is lure the creature here . Yeah , and I know just how . You may be the expert on Frankenstein movies , but I know a little bit about sharks , and one thing they can 't resist is fresh blood . I could have saved you the trouble . How so ? I have my period . Now you tell me . Now you know how we feel . Gross . There it is ! Don 't let it get away this time ! Come on ! It 's headed this way along with the angry mob . Good , now get down here . God , I hope this works . Okay , now listen to me very carefully . I need you to take cover in the thickets . And no matter what happens , do not go into the light house . But , the explosives , you could be killed . Hey , we 're a team . Look , everything will work out at the end . Just go take cover . Crazy kids ! Come on , come and get me if you got the guts ! Or didn 't your master sew any into you ? It 's trapped in there , set it ablaze ! Burn it down ! No , there 's someone in there , Duke the harbor patrolman . We have to kill the monster ! No , please ! Get her off of me ! Duke , you have to get out of there ! The light house is on fire ! There they are ! Shoot at the explosives , now ! No , Duke , you 'll be killed ! It 's too late for me , just shoot ! You heard him , start shooting ! Everyone take cover ! That 'll be the end of the monster , and the terror that 's plagued us . It 'll never be over , the brain and the heart of the Frankenstein monster can never be destroyed . Never be destroyed .
