 I guess we better get out and fix it . What are you getting so worked up about ? You got to be kidding me . Dude , is this a sign , or what ? I 've heard nothing but bad things about this place . Chow is awful . Racks are uncomfortable . Just help me get the jack , and the spare out of the trunk . Why don 't you just call it in ? It 'd be a hell of a lot easier , you know . I 'm not going to call it in . My first day assigned to a new base . Alright . Whatever you say . Come on . You know , it is beautiful out here . I heard there 's some hiking out here that 's great . Well there you go , sergeant . It 's not that bad after all . Are they supposed to be running test today ? Not that I 'm aware of . What was that ? Let 's go check it out . Let 's go , Sargent ! Slow down , small fry ! I haven 't run in months . INDEPENDENTS DAY Subrip : Pix As parents , the well being of our children is one of our greatest concerns . We strive to give them every opportunity in life . I am honored to represent the President , at a dedication of what will be cornerstone in that foundation of our children 's health for many generations to come . The first of many I hope . Stagecoach , I need extract . I say it again , immediate extract . We need to get you to safety right now , Madam Vice President . Mr. Taylor ? What is the situation ? We need to get you and your family to Virginia Bunker right now . Get in . What do we know ? Western Air Defense Sector reported an unidentified aircraft , estimated at one kilometer in length , entered our airspace at 07 : 00 hours , Mr. President . Air assets are already en route . Early reports report the aircraft as a " beehive " , Sir . Reports . We don 't have a visual , in here ? Negative . Something seems to be interfering with some of our satellite relays . Civilian channels are up . Ours are down . NORAD is trying to get us in the air . As of right now , all we have are eyes on the ground doing their best or whatever intel they can get . Take us to DEFCON 3 . I 'm not messing around . How 's NORAD doing ? They switched the back up channels to deploying now , sir . Great . We need all the assets at the ready . At slight provocation . I 'm going to blow this thing from the sky . Is the Vice President at the Virginia Bunker ? Yes , sir . The Vice President has just arrived . Great . Vice President Raney . With 200 feet below the surface and a fully sustainable habitat that could withstand a direct hit from nuclear warhead . This is Captain Goddard , Bio Weapons Division . Vice President Raney . Captain Goddard . Why is Bio Weapons Division here ? He 's here at the request of the President . Have they exhibited any threatening actions as of yet ? No , Ma 'am . Not as of yet . Tactical Air Command has relayed that two jets are on approach to intercept the space ship . Alpha Bravo , Raptor 311 , we 're on approach to target now . Getting a fair amount of turbulence in its wake . Rabbit why don 't you hang back , just in case . Roger that . One mile to target . I 'm beginning to see surface detailing now , protrusions , plating material unknown . No visible windows or hatches . Jesus . I 'm gonna descend to 17,000 and have a look underneath . I am now seeing what appears to be a blue light emanating from the core of the ... 311 hit ! He 's hit ! I 'm getting out of here ! Our jets are down . All assets are clear to engage ! And get that damn satellite up there ! I need to see this thing ! Approaching target . Alpha Bravo , we now have multiple targets , inbound . Report . He 's on me , I 'm going to try flying closer to the ship . Maybe he won 't be so quick to fire . Coming from behind . Here we go . Yahoo ! You got him ! Take that space trash . Come back . You alright ? Hello ? No . Eyes on , reports . All of our conventional assets are failing , Mr. President . All of our efforts are failing . I 'm declaring DEFCON 1 . Clear to go nuclear . Nevada Launch Facility MX2 has just been attached , Mr. President . There 's been no detonation but the systems are showing offline . The launch has failed , sir . It 's right on to of us , sir . Everybody , everybody get out now ! Let 's go ! Evacuate the PEOC . Everyone out ! - I 'm not leaving you , sir . - Out ! Just leave ! - I 'm not leaving you ... - Just leave ! Go ! Without a specimen , sir , it 's difficult to proceed . My god ! What is it , Ari ? The White House . It 's been attacked . No survivors . Including President Oliver . Ari ? Do you have confirmation ? Yes , Vice ... Under the Federal Continuity Directive . Ensuring the continuos performance of the essential functions of our Government during a time of war . I will need to swear you in , Vice President Raney . I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect , and defend the constitution of the United States . The country is now on your hands . What are your orders , Madam President ? Lexi . Relax . Put your finger up there . Yo ! Yo ! Yo ! Stop shooting . What is it , Red ? You gotta come listen to this . This morning , not more than 20 minutes ago , the White House was attacked . We are standing at DEFCON 1 . All though no nuclear launches have been confirmed at this time . Over 2,000 people work in the White House , and evacuation was in process , I ... Hold on . President Oliver is dead . We now have confirmation that President Oliver was in the Bunker located ... Wasn 't your brother assigned to the President 's detail ? It was a nuclear Bunker capable of with standing nuclear attacks . Yeah . Yeah he was . Vice President Raney was not with him at the time . Well , I don 't know . Maybe ... Maybe he was off the President 's detail . I kept up with him through the ex . She just said last week , he was still assigned to Oliver . I 'm sorry , Kelly . He was a good kid . Break silence . Contact all the militia chapters . We 're going to war . These aliens picked the wrong planet to mess with . Today , we not only as Americans , but as creatures of the Earth , are under attack . Are nuclear assets having any success ? Negative , President Raney . They 've all failed . Same with other nuclear nations . All ordinance has been ... frozen . Okay . Stand down from DEFCON 1 . Go to 2 . Meredith ? What are you doing ? Our nuclear assets aren 't working , Randall . But we can 't stop trying . It 's not working , Randall . And the more we try , the greater the potential we destroy ourselves in the process . The fact that the only disabled them , gives me hope . Yeah , Dad . Maybe they felt threatened that our jet fighters approached . They may have , son . But the fact remains , they attacked first ... We 're receiving a transmission ! It 's ... It 's coming from the Hive . Put it on . People of the third planet . We shall refer to ourselves as , " Orions " , as our planet resides in solar system much like your own within the constellation of the stars you call , " Orion . " It is not our intent to destroy you . Our mission is one of peace . But your race is a violent one . And for this reason , we must guarantee our safety . Therefore , we have eliminated the threat of your nuclear weapons . In the next two hours , all other remaining military installations , and government capitals , will be destroyed . In time , you will receive further instruction . How the hell is that a mission of peace ? Ari , was that communication on an open channel ? No , Ma 'am . I tried to place a lock on it . But I was only able to grab it . I want to open a dialogue with them . Make this happen . Yes , Madam President . I need to address the nation . Let the people know what 's happening . I need a few minutes to compose my thoughts . Dark Echo is still two hours out , Madam President . Thank you . And may we remain ever vigilant , and strong . Just as our country has done countless times before , we will get through this . God Bless you , and God Bless the Unites States of America . Madam President , the Kremlin has been destroyed . As well as the Kantei , both French and British Parliaments . Thank you . We 're receiving another transmission . Can you identify the frequency signature ? I 'm still trying Madam President . All government and military installations world wide have now been destroyed . You have ravaged your world too long . We will provide you a chance to restart on a new a new world . Momentarily , transport ships will begin arriving in all capitals and cities with populations in excess of 1 million people . Go to them . Everything else will be provided for you . You have 120 to evaluate your planet . At the end of this period , all remaining humans will be exterminated . You will not survive this . Go . Now . They expect us to evacuate a planet of 7 billion people , in just 5 day ? They 're out of their minds . People are already lining up to board the ships . See , it 's on my phone . Why would they destroy all our weapons , but keep civilian communications open ? They 're taking prisoners . That 's what they 're doing . That 's 25 confirmed ships so far . Members are on alert across Pennsylvania . Let 's head into Philly . When we find the location of the ship , we attack . I 've got it ! I 've got it ! I 've isolated the Orion 's frequency signature . Okay , Madam President . Try to speak at a slightly slower than normal pace . Avoid any overt emotions , just because the matrix may scramble your intentions on their end , and spit out the wrong words or symbols . Unfortunately , there is no way to translate our language from our end . I bring you greeting from the United States of America . I am President Meredith Raney . We wish to open a peaceful dialogue with your leaders . We regret if our initial actions were taken as offensive , and caused you to defend yourselves . I was not our intent to display aggression . I request we open a channel of dialogue so that we may convey our desire for peaceful , and harmonious relation between our two races . They 're responding ! You attacked us . Again , It is common procedure to send jets in the air ... We are open to dialogue . However , our intent will remain unchanged . You have 119 hours in which to evacuate your planet . We are grateful for your help . However , we are a race that is inherently suspicious . Therefore , to alley our fears , we need some form of proof , to substantiate your claims to aid us . We will prove our intentions by demonstrating our technological and medical superiority with your race . There are places in your world , where people suffer from starvation . We will feed them . Your race is plagued by diseases . We will offer cures . There are but only a few gifts awaiting your peaceful surrender . I don 't like it , Meredith . What for ? For us to give up everything ? Get on a ship and go to a foreign world ? This proves nothing . President Raney . You have a son . Yes . That is correct . In further effort to prove our intentions , you will go to the transport ship in Washington D.C. There , we will heal him . Heal me ? Sweetheart . You don 't know what these things might do to you , Bobby . To me ? What are they gonna do to all of us ? Sweetheart , we can 't risk having you part of some experiment . Mom . If they 're not trust worthy , then we 're already dead . Where are they ? There 's no body here to greet us because the less we know about them , the more strategic advantage they have over us . Let 's go , buddy . Perhaps you can accompany them . Obtain a little intel . Yes , sir . You got it . Okay . You don 't need to through with this , Bobby . Yeah . I do . I think it 's best you remain here , Madam President . I can accompany them , Madam President . Thank you , Captain . I suggest I enter first , sir . Check things out . Halt . Weapons detected . These items are not allowed aboard this vessel . You must remove them immediately . You have 5 seconds to comply . Scanning . You may proceed . Bring us the child of President Raney . We will heal him . Bring the child to us . The ship must be equipped with some sort of surveillance . It knew that Goddard was armed . Well , they either didn 't catch the camera or they didn 't mind us taking a peak . My god . Bring us the child of President Raney . We will heal him . Bring the child to us . Bring the child to us . Bring the child to us . They 're asking for him , sir . It appears safe , as far as I can tell . Remember when I use to pitch in little league ? Of course I do . I was really good . Lets go . Come on . My God . We welcome the child of Raney . What 's that smell ? Could be bio-sensory of some kind . Come on . You will proceed to the regeneration chamber . There , we will prepare your body . Continue . Continue . It 's right there . Lets go . Come on . Come on . Assist the child enter the regeneration chamber . Let 's go . Come on . I love you , buddy . I love you too , Dad . You will secure the chamber . We will no initiate the regeneration sequence . And prepare his damaged body . Please stand back . No ! You 're hurting him ! Madam President ! Taylor , disarm ! Madam President ! Let him go ! Stop it ! Stop it ! Stop this thing ! Bobby ! Stop it ! The procedure is nearly complete . Step back . Process Complete . Are you alright ? Come on . Hey . Slow . Slow . Take your time . Hey . You 're alright . Come here . Hey ! Hey man ! How you doing ? Slowly . Let 's get you out of this thing . Come on . That a boy . You got it . Take your time . Mom , stop staring at me . Sorry . I 'll feel a lot better once we get the doctor to completely check you out . Mom , I feel great . Honestly . I 'm glad . Guys , I think it 's a good idea we don 't stick around here too long . It 's dangerous . Perhaps you 're right . Madam President ? Yes , General ? I 've got some important developments I 'd like to discuss with you . Go on . Can we step over there ? Very well . Alright . Ari discovered an encrypted signal , hidden within the natural occurring CMB radiation in deep space . Before the arrival of the Orions , this signal was not being detected . Furthermore , its source of origin is nowhere near the Orion Constellation . They 're lying . Can we listen in on this deep space channel ? We could , Madam President , but not from here . If we can go back to the bunker , I can access it through the main frame . I can try to upgrade the logic gate matrix , and then run the signal through the virtual machine . There 's a slight chance we might be able to decipher their language . Slight chance is better than no chance . Lets go . Red . On me . Rocco , Flanking , David and Michael . Keep the perimeter secured . I don 't want any civilians getting passed . Halt . What the hell is that smell ? Holy shit Robotic Voice : Weapons detected . Hold steady Lexi . It 's gonna shoot us ! Get down ! Get down ! Take cover ! The Philadelphia transport ship is under attack . And I have the same reports thing in Huston and Atlanta . By who ? A militia group calling themselves First Earth . And I have reports of riots in other cities . People are pushing past barricades , and boarding the ships . What do we know about First Earth ? It 's a united militia front , led by a Kelly Reed . I know who that is . It 's Agent Norman Reed 's brother . Former Army Ranger . Left the service , became a freelance contractor . Now he head up to the Pennsylvania militia , and we 're in . This thing looks crazy . You sure you can work on this Ari ? I think so . Mobilize the National Guard . I want this faction down now . And I want all hands on deck to keep civilians off those ships . But why ? After all , they did heal me , didn 't they ? Let 's not forget that their first move was to destroy the White House . The fact remains that they yet to tell us where they 're taking our people . And until they do , I 'm not letting anyone on the ships . No . What is it Ari ? We have a message coming through the Orions . What 's the problem with that ? I don 't want to add any stress to the Virtual Machine . I think we need to hear what they have to say . What 's the worst it can do ? The most simple way is to think of when a wire takes too much current , it explodes . The heat has to go somewhere . The whole main frame can shut down . They could be launching another attack at the First Earth 's antics . Put it through , Ari . Several of our transport ships have come under attack in the United States , and suffered damages . It appears people are not being allowed to board our ships . We are prepared to withdraw all extraction efforts , and commence with immediate extermination procedures of the United States . We were unaware of the attacks on your vessels , They were committed by a faction outside our government . We will put a stop to them immediately . This is acceptable . You will allow your people to board our ships . No , no I will not . Not until you tell us where they are being taken . Their gone , Madam President . Reports are coming from all over the country . People are boarding the ships . After the world saw what happened to Bobby ? It 's the matter of trust . We won 't be able to keep these of those ships . The Mainframe is overloading ! Well whatever it is you 're doing , just shut it down . The whole system is failing . That 's life support ! The issue is not environmental control . The system is no longer venting oxygen . How long do we have ? I don 't know what 's happening . We only have a few minutes before we run out of air . I 'm trying to restart the system but the override is jammed . What do we do ? Somebody 's got to go all the way down to EC and fix it manually . Then I can reboot it from here . I know where it is . I 'll need all hands just incase . Let 's go . Go ! You stay . Stay with the President . Yes , sir . I love you . I 'll be back . Bobby ! You okay ? Yeah , go , go . This is it . Madam President ? Is there anything you can do , Ari ? No , President Raney . We just have to hope they radio back to us before its too late . Over here ! This way ! Right here . Under the ... Let 's do it ! Ready ? Go ! Here it is . Here . It 's stuck . Look , there 's a pipe . General , use this for leverage . I can 't . Let me try , sir . I can 't breathe . We did it . I think we did it . Reset . Reset . Reset . You guys alright ? Okay . This is over . Seems like life support is are returning to normal . General , get Bobby up to the main level . Dad , I 'm fine . Go ! Yeah . Is this Kelly Reed ? Who 's asking ? This is Senator Randall Raney . You know you 're making quite a mess out there . I wanna know why you 're attacking the transport ships ? It 's an attack on American soil , Senator . Well look , I was thinking if we could work together maybe we can solve this problem . This conversation is over . Mr. Reed . The President is ordering the National Guard and local Law Enforcement around the country to shut you down by whatever means necessary . Now I can call those hounds of , if you help me . Mr. Reed , I think we both have the same goal in mind here . What do you want ? Look , there 's a great deal of suspicion what the Orions true intentions are . We don 't know where they 're taking our people . We don 't want anymore people getting on the ships . So you need some kind of deterrent ? Something that will make the people stay away . That 's where you guys would come in . Can we do this ? We can probably help with that . How do you feel ? I 'm fine . How about you ? Did we make any progress ? Ari 's transferring everything he was able to download before the system crashed . General Roundtree , you were able to relay my orders to the National Guard ? Yes , Madam President . Lose your weapons . We 're going in unarmed this time . We 'll see if the security scan can pick up on these . Cops aren 't gonna be able to keep those crowds at bay for long . Ever since they healed the President 's kid , they all want to get on those ships . Can 't let that happen . When we first step in , the laser is going to scan us . Assuming we make it past the first laser , we 'll split up , plant the C4 , meet back here in 10 minutes to detonate . Understood ? Roger that . Copy that . Move out . Halt . Scanning . Everyone 's unarmed , right ? You may proceed . Look for an instrument panel or imperfections in the haul . Doesn 't pick up that plastique , Not so far . What 's that smell , man ? I don 't know . What I 'm worried about is getting the plastic caps on here . Get back , please . These oughta do some damage . Wait , do you hear that ? Weapons detected . Go ! Take cover . There has been another attack in the Philadelphia transport ship ! It 's First Earth again . Mass casualties this time . Madam President , the Orions are contacting us . Crap . Make sure the National Guard and local law enforcement understand their duties , General . Yes , Ma 'am . Put them on . President Raney . You have failed us . There have been further attacks . An isolated incident , I assure you . It is being dealt with . We are prepared to withdrawal extraction efforts , and proceed with extermination procedures . Please , do not do that . They terminated the connection , President Raney . Of course they did . God ! Put down your weapons . I 'm receiving reports of Orions attacking and firing on crowds . Raise the Orions , Ari ! Yes , Ma 'am . They 're not responding . Keep trying . Madam President , ministry of defense . Hell Minister Brighton . Yes . Yes , I understand your position . We are doing everything that we can to suppress the action of First Earth . Yes , sir . Hold on one second , please . What ? Minister Brighton , an urgent matter has take place . I need to call you back . Hello ? What the hell happened out there , Reed ? It 's FUBAR , sir . People pushing their way in with the cops in tow , and the friggin ' lasers dropped . Well , this is no what I had in mind . They still don 't appear to be shooting civilians . I apologize , sir . What do you want us to do ? Just stand down for the moment . Who you talking with out here , Randall ? General Roundtree just spoke to the Captain in charge of the National Guard detail . They received orders to assist First Earth ? From you ? I made a bad move , Meredith . I asked them to do what they could to keep people off the ships . Dark Echo has arrived . Easier to follow orders when you agree with them , Senator . Go , go , go ! Put down your weapons . We 're fucked . Put down your weapons . What are you doing ? Toss your weapon . President Raney . I 'm Major Fry . This is Lieutenant Zuber from the 45th space wing , Extraterrestrial Avionics Intelligence unit . We believe this is what we are up against . On August 14th , 2003 , the sun released a larger than normal plasma tendril , resulting in a massive electromagnetic explosion . It downed all satellite , radio , and cellular communications . That 's the same dates as the east coast black outs . That 's correct , Captain . It turns out , our friend here , was paying us a visit as well . What make you think this is the race that 's attacking us ? A unique signature in the Cosmic Microwave Background radiation . Our team detected a similar signal when the hive arrived this morning . Our technician , Mr. Ari , has identified a CMB encryption signal . We 'll be happy to share that with you . We smelled an odor when Bobby was healed on the transport ship . And the guys on the field are smelling something on other transport ships as well . We learned from the Cheyenne ship that the odor is a short of chemical pheromone . It enables access to vital components of the ship . Our chemist were able to replicate that formula in the laboratory . We call it , CH5N . We should be able to use it to access restricted areas of the alien vessels . But is impossible to say for certain without a more recent specimen . Now , I think it would be fitting to use your militia , Randall . I 'm sorry , say that again . I want you to capture an Orion . And how are we supposed to do that , senator ? There was a firefight over the Virginia mountains this morning . If you go digging in the wreckage , you might find a pilot . I can be dead or alive . It makes no difference . Well , I might know a couple of mountain boys . Leave it to us , sir . We 'll do our best . They 're going to do it . Good . Major Fry , let 's get you over to the D.C. transport ship . See what you make of it . Certainly , Madam President . I have been analyzing the Orion signal from the CMB and comparing it against another signal that I found embedded from the broadcast in the mothership . So far I have isolated about 30 unique patterns that keep showing up . It seems that this is their alphabet . Impressive work . On the Cheyenne ship when we tried to broadcast the CMB signal , the controls would flutter like an energy pulse . Didn 't get us anywhere . We 've had several English broadcast aline these patterns up against . It 's not gonna be perfect but I do have a translator algorithm for us to try and access this data base . Pheromones should get us access . Hopefully your alphabet will get us some answers . General , what do we know about their boarding procedures ? The ship is equipped with some sort of a weapons detection system . The laser deterrent enforces a no tolerance policy . We 're not quite sure how they 're surveilling their ship . Understood . Let 's see what they make of this . Whatever their surveillance , I 'm willing to bet with CH5N , they 'll look the other way . - Lieutenant . - Sir . Sir . Halt . Scanning . You may proceed . Same as the Cheyenne ship . Unlike the vessel recovered in ' 03 , this ship doesn 't appear to be designed for man flight . Looks like it 's trying to establish a link . Let 's see what it 's trying to say . I don 't even know if any of these alien bastards is out here . We don 't . Hello ? That 's great news , Mr. Reed . Text me your coordinates , I 'm sending a chopper to you . Bye . We have our selves an Orion . Dr. Goddard , Have you ever do an autopsy ? Yes , I have . Carbon base life form . Oxygen and Nitrogen present in their blood suggest they breathe a similar atmosphere to ours . Same alkaline based cell structure ... But with slightly different attributes . The First Earth captured Orion has a more mesomorphic build . Bigger and stronger . Cheyenne specimen , slightly thinner , more ectomorphic . But I 'm willing to bet their both symbioses of the same colony . Much like workers to a queen bee . Now . We just need to find a match . Major Fry , what happened ? Lasers dropped , I lost Lieutenant . Are you hurt ? No , Madam President . I 'm fine . Just need to wait for the AI reset . And I 'll try again . Please be careful , Major . Yes , Madam President . Okay , we try again . I 'll be ready to move . We 're in . It looks remarkably similar to earth . Flight mission . Navigation . Colonization . What 's happening , Major ? It appears they 're trying to colonize earth like planets . They are using the hive to terraform them . Can you find out where they are taking our people , Major ? Yes . Trajectory . This doesn 't make any sense . Four ships are going to the hive , briefly . Then they hoover over the atmosphere for 10 minutes , and reenter . They just Jettisoning the people into space . I 'm sorry , Major . Please repeat that . I didn 't get it . I said they are just Jettisoning the people into space . Like throwing out the trash , Mrs. President . That can 't be right . He said that the ship first goes to the hive . Major , are you sure ? Are you absolutely certain ? No one appears to be getting off at the hive ? Yes , Madam President . This has all been downloaded to my PAMD . I 'll show you when I return . President Raney . What about the people across the country wait to board ? Across the globe . Let them board . Mom . They 're going to die . We have to tell them . We can 't let them board those ships . We can 't let them know we 're on to them . We would be giving up all our intel . Finally , we know something about them they don 't want us to know . Have we gotten an update from Captain Goddard , yet ? I spoke to him a little earlier . He said he 's making progress . But preferred to explain it when he returns . We better get back to the bunker . I wanna know what I can about that alien . Why are they doing this ? This is what I don 't understand . Why don 't they just destroy us ? Why bother with the deception ? Less man power . Less chance of engagement on their behalf . Less loss of men . They 're terraforming planets . The more destruction they cause , the more work they give themselves . Their plan is actual quite efficient , but ... What I don 't understand si why they 're returning to the bee hive first . We better get back to the bunker . Less we need to prepare . But we will not give up . Madam President , I have an idea . It 's incredibly simple , but every test I 've run seems to confirm it . Have you made an analysis of the aliens ? Yes , Madam President . I 've mapped most of its anatomy , and NS . And I believe I can highly contagious airborne pathogen . And we can infect them , like passing on a cold . Do it . Yes , ma 'am . Sir , the ships are feeling up . People are passing the barricades and forcing their way in . Thank you , soldier . Thank you , sir . What if it 's a nice place ? The new world they promised . What if it 's a great new alien place with thing we 've never seen ? What if we 're actually killing people , by not letting them board their ships ? Do you really think there 's a chance in hell of any of that being true ? No . This is my home . My country . It 's our world . It maybe over , but I 'm gonna fight till my last breath . Damn right ! Damn right ! You 're god damn right . Rally every militia group . In every city . It 's time to blow up some more alien shit . Everything we got , as long as we got it . Good work out there , Major Fry . I 'm sorry for the loss of your men . I will see to it , he receives the highest posthumous merit . Thank you , Madam President . Captain , Goddard ? Please explain your pathogen . Yes . Well , I have successfully developed an airborne replicating agent called GS57B . It 's " cooking " right now . It 's highly contagious , and I believe if we can introduce it aboard the Hive , it 'll be a successful weapon . Could GS57B have repercussions in humans ? Are we at risk for catching it ? There is a risk . Now the contagion can 't replicate in our bodies . So it shouldn 't be a problem . But there is no way of knowing for sure . I believe we have no other choice . Our only problem is how we get it to them ? And how do we infect them ? We can outfit the D.C. Transport Ship with Captain Goddard 's viral agent . Send it back to the Hive . Release it via time controlled device . Sounds like a great idea but why would the Hive bring a transport ship back aboard . We infect the navigation system with the bug . Make it appear the ship isn 't functioning properly . It 'll have to go back for maintenance . First Earth has success just lobbing grenades and C4 timers in the ships , to make them return . We can 't do that , General . The heat wave from the blast will kill off the viral agent . I 'll make a virus to infect the ships computer . I 'll get on it . Thank you , Ari . Yes , Ma 'am . Captain . Notify me at once when it 's ready . Yes , President Raney . Clear . 3 . 2 . Give me the shot . Mark it . You 're good . 3 . 2 . First Earth has launched attacks on transport ships in several major cities . Dallas , Atlanta , Miami , Chicago . Chancellor Kafka is demanding you to put a halt to the violence , as is Prime Minister Avenir , President Casillas ... Let them , Ari . Let them say what they will . Not my concern at this point . Yes , madam President . Madam President ? The Captain and I are ready . Is that the contagion ? Yes , Ma 'am . Very well . Let 's go . President Raney ! The Orions are contacting us . Put it on . President Raney . Other world leaders have cooperated peacefully . Still the United States remains defiant . There are continued attacks on our ships . We had hope to avoid ... Turn it off , Ari . Yes , President Raney . We 're in . So far the pheromone is still allowing us access to the ship . I 'm going to upload the bug into the navigation system . Stand by . The virus is set . Got it . We are go of the GS57B transponder . And we 're going on maintenance issue . Time to leave , Captain . Yes , sir . No . No , no , no , no , no , no . What the matter , Major ? They 're trying to hack into the Navigation system . Who is ? The Orions . Madam President ? Madam President ? They 're contacting us again . President Raney . You will meet with us , immediately . You will meet with us , immediately . Yes . I heard you the first time . What is the purpose of this meeting ? Despite our warning , you continue to resist us . Still we are prepared to discuss the details of the relocation of your people . Alright . I will come to you . What are you doing , Meredith ? It 's out of the question . I 'll go . We accept your terms . A transcription will be sent to your location . Thank you . I 'll take Captain Goddard 's contagion with me . It would be too dangerous , Madam President . No , they asked for me . I 'm the only one that can get us on that ship . It 's the perfect plan . If we can get at least one of these aboard the hive , that would be sufficient . Meredith . I 'll do it . The country needs you . Don 't mom . Come on . Come on . Major Fry , I 'd like for you to come with me . Your expertise maybe applicable in some way . Captain Goddard , I request your accompany as well . Yes , Ma 'am . The captain and I will wear the CH5N to conceal our presence . Very well , gentlemen . Shall we go ? Madam President . You wouldn 't be second guessing yourself , would you Captain Goddard ? No , President Raney . It will work . Good . It better . Here you go , Madam President . One of these is enough ? The pathogen is highly contagious . Now Major Fry and I will go aboard the ship , and try to put a few of these on there . Give a few to Agent Taylor , as well . Aerosols is distributed throughout the ship . But you have to make direct contact with the Queen . And how long until it takes effect ? It should be within minutes . And I 'll know ? Yes , Madam President . The effects are agonizing . Very well . I guess I 'll just try to keep them talking . Welcome President Raney . Follow the corridor to your left . Let 's go . That 's the last of the GS57B bombs . I 'm going to see if I can jam the Orions CMB encrypted signal . On some ship to ship interference . In case things go south . Welcome President Raney . Welcome to my Hive . Who is speaking ? Is there one leader among you ? I am speaking , President Raney . Who are you ? I am the leader of this colony . What do you think of my ship ? What is all this ? This is the fate of you people . Our voyage to Earth as well . Human blood is viable , to replenish our energy source . You 're killing all of them ? It is the natural way . One life ends and it contributes to another cycle . Then why have you brought me here ? You will allow your people to aboard our transport ships . And they will replenish our energy source , here . Why would I help you ? Why should I lead my people to their slaughter ? In 4 days , your people are going to be exterminated . Your race has always defined nature . You selfishly ravage your planet . Imagine you were a species with no predator . You refuse to accept your place in the universe . Accept it now . We are your predator . Surrender . Absolutely not . We are prepared to offer you a barter . In exchange for your cooperation . You and your family will be spared . You will allow your people to board our transport ships . And you and your family will not be harmed . And where will we be safe ? Here . Aboard our ship . Until the extermination and terraforming is complete . This is acceptable . You leave me no choice . You have a deal . Most acceptable . You will allow your people to board our ships ? No . Not until I know my family is safe . Then , we 'll have a deal . On Earth , this is the universal gesture of friendship and agreement . You will stop the attacks on our ships . We need to get you out of here right now , Madam President . Come on . Okay . Madam President ? It 's working ! It 's working ! Let 's move ! Let 's move ! Go ! Let 's go ! Come on . Come on . Now what ? - There 's gotta be a way to override . - I 'll check the hatch . Just get us out of here , Major . System override . Navigation override . Helm override . Let 's go . Captain Goddard ? The Dragonflies are on us . Stand by . President Raney 's transport ship is on the way . And Hive motherships are collapsing in every city . Their defenses are down . General , can we scramble some jets ? Definitely . There 's only one more dragonfly in pursuit of the transport ship . Hang in there . Delta 82 . Approaching . Ready to intercept . In coming ! Look out ! Get down ! My god . Okay . Hey , you did it . We all did it .
