 Previously on " Dark Matter " ... You go back and retake the throne you inherit a war . A war that I can win with the blink drive . But we 'll never let that happen . - We 'll see about that . - Your brother is dead . He cut his throat with this knife . Do you recognize it ? I renounce the throne and step down in favor of Zairon 's rightful ruler . - Four ! - My name is not Four . I am Ishida Ryo . Emperor of Zairon . The diplomatic summit on Eos 7 is in two weeks . It 's going to be tense . What do we know ? Traugott is going to put forward a resolution to introduce three new members of the Council . Ferrous will naturally oppose . Of course . If the resolution is defeated , well , we believe Traugott will have no choice but to accept the results . However if it passes , we believe Ferrous will disavow the results and pull their support from the Council . In other words they 're prepared to go to war . We have recently discovered that Traugott is trying to make secret deals with both Vanguard and Volkov-Rusi . Now if they succeed , they 'll have all the votes they need . In which case , our best course of action would be to abstain . Try to maintain a position of neutrality for as long as possible . And how long would that be ? Well , once open hostilities break out not more than a couple of weeks , but that might be just enough time to make the difference . Commander ? - What 's going on ? - An unidentified ship has breached our defensive perimeter . We have to get both of you to a secure location . Wait . You can stand down . They 're not here to attack us . How do you know ? They 're old friends . Well , you certainly have a flair for the dramatic . You 're lucky my people didn 't blast you out of the sky . You think so ? We 're here to talk about Eos 7 . Are we ? What about it ? It 's all over the news . Diplomatic summit . Bigwigs from all the corporations . You going to be there ? I will be a member of the Mikkei delegation , yes . Eos 7 is a pretty remote location . I have to assume that 's deliberate . Let me explain something to you . The Council of Corporations has not held a face-to-face meeting in over ten years . Would you care to guess why ? You don 't trust each other . You 're not as dumb as you look . Which leads me to wonder what could possibly make you think that I would divulge security measures about a rather historic meeting to a group of wanted criminals . You 're going to want our help , because there 's a significant probability that the summit on Eos 7 will come under attack . The most likely scenario involves some kind of bomb . That station will be destroyed . Everyone on board will be killed , and the result will be all-out corporate war . And how do you know this ? - Nyx , this is the bridge . - Go ahead . I have an incoming subspace transmission for you . It 's from Zairon . Patch it through to my room . Nyx . It 's good to see you again . I don 't think I can say the same . I wanted to apologize . The circumstances the last time we saw each other were not ideal . You mean that bloodbath at the royal court where you murdered all those people ? My brother and stepmother had to die to prevent civil war . Their deaths saved the lives of millions , and I doubt you shed a tear for the Seers . You 're as much responsible for what happened to Milo as they were . They would have forced him to help them achieve their goals , and he didn 't want to be a part of that . You can try to justify it all you want , but I 'll never forgive you . That would be the easy way out , to hide behind anger and bitterness so that you never have to face the truth , but you 're stronger than that , and that 's the type of strength I need by my side . What are you talking about ? My feelings for you haven 't changed , Nyx . You 're insane . What type of future is there for you on that ship ? The others will never fully accept you . You don 't belong with them . I want you here with me as my empress . Well , that 's quite a story . A ship filled with people who can predict the future . An alternate reality . You certainly have interesting sources . It 's all true . Tell me a little bit more about this blink drive . You can 't have it . Thank you for your time , and I will take this information under advisement . You think this is a joke ? You know we have the drive . You 've seen it work , and I assume you understand how powerful it is . We could be off getting fat and rich right now robbing this galaxy blind . - That was my vote . - But instead we came here . Why do you think that is ? That 's what I am trying to figure out . We have nothing to gain and everything to lose , so you might want to start considering the possibility that we 're telling the truth . The GA is handling the security . I 'm sure they are perfectly capable . No , they 're not . They 'll make a mistake , and everyone on that station will die . Look at this from my point of view . This is not exactly the kind of story I can take to the board . So keep it between us . And if I bring you in on this without authorization , well , I 'll be risking my career . You get on that station without us you 'll risk losing a whole hell of a lot more than that . Tell me everything 's fine ... That there 's no risk of a corporate war , and we 'll get back on our ship , go on our merry way , and you 'll never have to see us again . All right . There may be a level of tension within the Council that goes beyond what the public is aware , and yes , if this blink drive works the way you say it does you may well be in a unique position to help . Eos 7 wasn 't chosen by accident . It is one of the most secure facilities in the galaxy . It is surrounded by a vast network of satellites at a distance of approximately seven light minutes . Now , working in concert , these satellites can generate what 's called an Aslanov Exclusion Field , which , for those of you who might not be aware ... Can disrupt an FTL window . - That 's right . - Hmm . So any ship trying to pass through the field will drop out ? Still hours away from the station at sub-light speeds , which would give the GA ships that are cruising the perimeter of the field plenty of time to react . Once the delegates have arrived the field will be activated , and no one will be allowed in or out for the duration of the conference . Except with the blink drive we could pass right through it , and no one would ever notice . And with all of their resources at the perimeter they 'll never know you 're there . If we 're going to find that bomb we 're going to need access to all internal systems . Sensors , camera feeds , everything they have . That won 't be that easy . Like I said , it is a GA facility . Well , if you can get one of us on the inside we can tap in directly , like we did on Balda 9 . I suppose I could forge Mikkei credentials for one of you . I 'll go . Well , it 's either me or the Android , and personally I 'd rather have her here in case anything goes wrong . No offense , sweetheart , but you 're not exactly the corporate type . - You sure about this ? - I can handle it . - I 'm not a kid . - I know , but you can 't blame me for being a little worried . You 're volunteering to go on board a station that has a good chance of blowing up . Well , that 's the whole point , isn 't it ? We 've got to find the bomb and stop it from going off . - I know , but ... - What ? Milo said the Seers predicted corporate war within six months , right ? And in the alternate reality , the war started with the bombing on Eos 7 , but how do we know in this reality it doesn 't start some other way ? How do we know it 's not inevitable ? - Well , I guess we don 't . - Exactly . Which means you could be risking your life for nothing . It 's not nothing . Look , Milo also told me that there are moments in history when things become more fluid . Patterns change , and in those moments the actions of even a single person can make a huge difference . If there is even a chance that we could stop a war from happening we have to try . - I guess you 're right . - Of course I am . As usual . Anyway , you 'll be right outside the station waiting to get me out of there if anything goes wrong . I 'll be fine . Okay , people , I don 't need to tell you how important this assignment is . In less than two weeks , delegates from every major corporation in the galaxy will be arriving here , and it will be our job to protect them , from outside threats , and maybe more importantly , from each other . Now , I want you to meet the man who 'll be in charge of this operation . He 's straight from HQ on special assignment . Chief Inspector Kierken . All right , men . You all know your assignments . Let 's get to work . - Are you almost ready ? - Getting there . - Don 't forget your comm . - I 've got it , but I 'm not going to use it unless I have no choice . If they detect the signal , we 're screwed . Are you sure this is a good idea ? I 've been through this with Six . I can handle it . I don 't doubt your ability to perform the task at hand , - however ... - What ? The more I explore the parameters of my empathy emulators the more I realize there can be a negative effect , and not just because I no longer perform at 100 % efficiency . - I 'm worried . - If anything goes wrong , there 's a plan to get me out . Truffault supplied us with disguises , plans to the station ... everything 's going to be fine . I also feel guilty at allowing someone to take a risk that I myself could assume . Every day on this ship is a risk . You 'll get another chance to put yourself on the line soon enough . I suppose I just never realized that emotions could have such a downside . Well , welcome to the human race . Okay . I 'm ready . So what do you think ? Wow . The Mikkei delegation has arrived . That 's everybody . All right . Signal the fleet . Activate the field . From this moment on no one in or out . - We 're in position . - Any sign they 've detected us ? - Negative . - All right . Now we just wait for Five . In the meantime , I 've been going over some of the news footage recorded when we were in the alternate reality . I think I may have found something interesting . Hello . Hi . Hello . Good to see you again . If you 're going to pretend to be a member of my team , act the part . Stand up straight . Look people in the eye . Anyway , you are the least famous member of your crew . No one 's going to recognize you . Commander Truffault . Commander Nieman . We meet again . Yes , we do . This is my assistant , Cassandra . We need to talk . Now . Well , how about a drink then ? Sorry about that . Normally he 's ... A really nice guy ? No . No , not really . I 'm Arrian . I 'm with the Ferrous delegation . Yeah , I got that . Do you want to grab a drink ? Uh , no thanks . There 's something I have to do . Excuse me . - You got something ? - She 's in . We 've got internal sensors and security cameras . Are they scanning for Tarium ? - Only in the docking bays . - Why Tarium ? We found evidence in the alternate reality . A single report that suggested the bomb may have been some kind of Tarium device . That doesn 't make any sense . I 've been around spaceports long enough to know that they always scan for it wherever ships are docking . Correct . It 's a precaution against malfunctioning drives . Well , if it is a Tarium bomb , how the hell would they get it in ? Unknown . Nice to meet you . Hey . - You 're back . - What 'd I miss ? A lot of small talk . Everyone 's still waiting for the new delegation from the League of Autonomous Worlds to make an appearance . What do you mean the new delegation ? Apparently there was a last-minute change . Where are they from ? Zairon . Something wrong ? No . No , everything 's fine . They 're carrying weapons . Daggers . They 're supposedly ceremonial , so they get to keep them . I mean what are they going to do ? Slit everyone 's throats ? Um ... are you sure you 're okay ? Yeah , of course . Um ... I 'll see you later . There she goes again . The man 's a wanted criminal , and they expect us to treat him like a dignitary . He 's got diplomatic immunity . For now . What the hell happened ? How 'd he get on board ? Apparently he 's an official representative from the League of Autonomous Worlds . If he spots Five , he 's going to rat her out . We don 't know that for sure . Well , we have to get her out of there . She 's got her comm . If she thinks she 's in trouble , she 'll let us know . The emperor would like to speak with you . Sorry . I 'm a little busy right now . I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to insist . - What 's in your hand ? - Nothing . Hey ! A communication device . - She 's a spy . - I 'm not a spy . I 'm a member of the Mikkei delegation . - Now let me go . - Is there a problem here ? You looked upset , so I thought I 'd check on you . She 's fine . Now unless you want a diplomatic incident on your hands , I suggest you go on your way . - You 're hurt . - No , I 'm all right . Don 't be stupid . Let me see . Oh , my God . You 're an Android . I 've found something . It 's one of the secondary docking bays . Someone has tampered with the camera feed . It 's on a loop . - How can you tell ? - It 's imperceptible to the human eye , but the shadows cast by the starlight reset every ten minutes . - Whose shuttle is that ? - Ferrous Corp. That 's their way off the station without being detected . We were right . It 's also our way in . Suit up . That 'll hold ' em for a while . Let 's take a look . Well , your nanites will have it closed up pretty soon , but in the meantime , you 'd better stay out of sight . Are you going to turn me in ? No . Why not ? You 're running an illegal software upgrade . It 's the only way you could have gotten on board without anybody noticing . Nieman gave it to me . Why ? He said he wanted protection . A bodyguard . Well , if they find out , they won 't just kick you out of the conference . They 'll have you destroyed . Besides ... I owe you one . I don 't understand . You 're with Mikkei . You could use this information to your advantage . Yeah , I 'm not surprised you would think that . All I can tell you is we 're not all like Nieman . Good luck . Well , don 't you three look very corporate ? This is ridiculous . I look ridiculous . - You look fine . - I didn 't even want to do this stupid job in the first place . Look , when we 're done , I promise you we 'll pull a heist , okay ? - Seriously ? - Yeah . You can even choose the target . Bank job , jewels , whatever , but first we save the galaxy . - Got it ? - Fine . You 've got the bridge . Hopefully we 're in and out without anyone noticing , but if things go sideways , we might need a show of force . We 'll be ready . All right . Take these . The Android calibrated them to detect any trace of Tarium radiation . There 's no way we can search this whole station . Yeah . Stick to the upper levels . If someone managed to get a bomb on board there 's no way they 'd risk getting caught by trying to sneak it into a restricted area . My guess is it 's probably in somebody 's quarters . If you get within ten meters of a source you 'll know it . The chair recognizes Commander Nieman . Representing Ferrous Corporation . - Commander ? - Mr. Chairman , distinguished members of the Council , let me get straight to the point . These are difficult times . I think on that , we can all agree , and while change may sometimes be necessary , and is indeed inevitable , difficult times require stability . Now is not the time to make alterations to the Council by introducing new members . This is time for very careful consideration of our actions and the consequences of those actions . That is why I must vote against the proposed changes brought forward by my distinguished colleague from Traugott Corporation , and why I urge all of you to do the same . Thank you , Commander . As there are no other submissions , we will now put the proposal to a vote . We have the results , and they are as follows . Seven votes for , five against , and one abstention . The resolution passes . Commander , do you have something more to say ? No , Mr. Chairman , I 'd simply like to request a recess . I find these proceedings to be quite exhausting . Granted . The Council is adjourned for one hour . Hi . How 's it going ? I was wondering when I would see you again . We need to talk . Excuse me . Going somewhere ? I 've been waiting for this moment a long time , Lieutenant Kal Varrick . These diplomats ... All they do is talk . And I thought Boone could be tiresome . I 'm good . Why are you here , Portia ? I 'm sorry . Two . - You 're in danger . - Aren 't we all ? You know in the alternate reality it was the destruction of Eos 7 that started the war . And you think the same thing will happen here ? We think Ferrous smuggled a bomb on board . Three and Six are searching for it now . I also studied the events as they unfolded in the alternate reality . When the war broke out , the corporations backing Zairon 's enemies had to pull their resources . It was the turning point that saved the house of Ishida . Are you telling me you want the war to happen ? My people are already at war . Thousands have died . Millions more will follow . You can help me . What are you talking about ? The blink drive . Let my scientists study it . I 'll give you safe harbor on Zairon until we can replicate it . It 's far too powerful to give to any military force . Every major corporation is pursuing their own version of it . Whoever gets there first will have an advantage . You can choose who that is . That 's a little bit too much responsibility . In the right hands , it could save millions . In the wrong hands , it could enslave millions . I 'm sorry , Ryo . I can 't help you . I can have you arrested . I know . Ah ! Ah ... Three ? What the hell ? I didn 't want you to scream . - Sort of like you just did ? - That wasn 't a scream . It was a manly cry of panic . I was just about to contact you . Four is here . Yeah , we know . Has he spotted you ? Yeah , he definitely knows we 're here . Ah , man , this is gonna complicate things . Okay , listen . Android thinks the bomb is Tarium-based . She sent us in with these detectors . Let me see . We 've been sweeping the upper levels , but nothing . Wait a minute . How did you get on board ? The Marauder . Ferrous rigged one of the docking bays so they could leave without anyone noticing . It 's definitely them . Ferrous just lost a big vote , and then they called for a recess . Oh , shit . We 're out of time . - I 'm calling the others . - Wait , not yet . Go to the Marauder , prep for launch . - Give me ten minutes . - Five . I think I might know where the bomb is . This is a great honor . Inside . This space station is in danger . I have no doubt . Who else is here with you ? Boone , Lin ? We 're not the problem . It 's Ferrous Corp. They brought a bomb on board . Now , I don 't know how they got it past your scans , but you have to believe me . No . I don 't . Hey , buddy . You look a little overdressed for a mechanic . Just heading back to my shuttle . You know what ? I 'll take the long way around . Mr. Boone . Great . It 's been a while since you double-crossed us in that mining colony . Now , what brings you all the way out here ? We know about your plot to bomb the station ... And we 're going to stop you . That 's unlikely . I 'm telling you , it 's Ferrous Corp. They want to start a war . By blowing up their own delegation ? By the time goes off they 'll be long gone . They 've got a way off the station without being detected . And so what do you expect me to do ? Arrest them based on your word ? At least bring them in for questioning . Ferrous Corp are respected members of this council . Law-abiding citizens . Leaders . - Pillars of the community . - Exactly . You , on the other hand , are a traitor who turned his back on his own to help a bunch of criminals escape justice . They were going to be murdered before they ever got to trial . That 's not justice . - What does Ishida have planned ? - Ishida ? He 's got nothing to do with this . So it 's just a coincidence that the two of you are here together at the same time ? I didn 't even know he was going to be here . - You work together . - Not anymore . It can 't be him , because unlike Ferrous Corp he doesn 't have a way of getting off the station without setting off an alarm . It 's about time . Shift change was ten minutes ago . Hey . That 's a restricted area . Oh , uh ... I was looking for a C concourse . Back the way you came . Two levels up . Where does this lead ? That 's classified . Ladies and gentlemen , please take your seats . The Council is brought back to order . The next matter on the agenda is the continuing unrest in the outer colonies . Four . I was expecting the Marauder . Its verification code has been used to access the ship . Yes , Android . I 'm sorry , but I 'm in a bit of a hurry and don 't have time to explain . - Explain what ? - Authentication sequence Three-Tango-Five-Gulf-Sierra-Six . Shutdown command . Go to the bridge . Monitor for any signs of the Marauder 's return . If you encounter anyone use non-lethal force only . - Understood . - I 'll get the blink drive . Arrian ? Arrian ? The Ferrous Corp delegation left , didn 't they ? Yes . Without you . Why would they do that ? I knew it . You 're the bomb . Android , have we heard anything yet ? Android , come in . This device is detecting the Tarium in your system . Then my shielding has begun to degrade . You have to get off this station . No . You were kind to me , even after you found out I was not human . I don 't want you to die . - Then deactivate the bomb . - I can 't . It 's inside me , but I have no control over it . Only Commander Nieman has the deactivation code . Then shut down . I 'll get you back to our ship . Find a way to ... Shutting down won 't make a difference . You have to leave now . What about all the other people on this station ? There 's nothing I can do for them . That upgrade didn 't just change the way you talk . It changed the way you think and feel . You tried to help me before you knew I could be trusted . Why ? I don 't know . I do . Because I know someone just like you . An android ? A friend . She saved my life I don 't know how many times , and not because she 's programmed to , but because she cares , and once you start to care , it 's not so easy to turn your back when something terrible is about to happen . Arrian , this could start a war . There has to be something we can do . Yes . You are right . There is a way . Where are you going ? Arrian ? Arrian ? No ! Wait ! Order . Order , please . Seal the hangars ! This station is under lockdown . - Yes , sir . - Move it ! Let 's go ! Android , why aren 't you answering ? What are you doing here ? I was hoping we 'd cross paths one last time . What have you done with the android ? The android should be the least of your concerns . Ah . I can guess almost every move you make . You can 't beat me . Oh , I don 't need to beat you . I just needed to cut you once . The poison that coats my blade will do the rest . Misaki , I have the drive . Fall back to the shuttle . Yes , Heika . Did you encounter any resistance ? None . Good . This is Chief Inspector Kierken of the Galactic Authority . Please remain calm . We 're in the process of investigating an explosion that occurred off-station . Preliminary assessments reveal no structural damage to the station itself . However , be advised security protocols have been enacted , and this station is now under lockdown . Activation code Delta-Gulf-Echo-Zero-Zero-Nine . - Four ? - Android , listen to me . I 've taken the blink drive . I had no other choice , but that 's not important . Right now I need you to contact the crew and have them fall back to the ship immediately . In approximately 20 minutes the station will be destroyed . There 's no time to stop what 's about to happen , but there is time for them to save themselves . Contact them . Now . Two , Three , Five , Six , if you can hear me , you must return to the ship . Android , this is Two . There was an explosion outside the station . I think one of the others might have found the bomb and spaced it . That may be true , but I believe there may now be another threat . - What do you mean ? - Four has a plot in place to destroy the station . You have less than 20 minutes to get here . - How do you know this ? - He was on board . I 'm sorry . He used some kind of deactivation code I wasn 't aware of . He took the blink drive . Shit . Is anyone else reading this ? - Please respond . - I am . This is Chief Inspector Kierken . I already have one of your people . I took the liberty of borrowing his communication device . You are not getting off this station . It could save us all a lot of time and trouble if you 'd just turn yourself in now . If you 've been monitoring this channel then you heard the message I just got from my ship 's android . Yes . It sounded almost convincing . I saw a member of the Zairon delegation enter a restricted area . They 've already breached your security . - You 're lying . - He could be anywhere by now . Life support . The reactor core . Where would you go if you were trying to destroy the station ? And while we 're off on this wild goose chase - what will you be doing ? - Listen to me . The lives of everyone on this station are in your hands . They should be your priority . Are the delegates still in lockdown ? Yes , sir , we 're holding them in the conference room . They 're starting to get a little impatient . I don 't care . Portia Lin is on this station . Probably Boone as well . - I want them found . - Yes , sir . Step away from the console . Please . - It 's too soon . - Step away . Now ! Three , Five , Six , if you can hear me , get down to the Marauder . Hey , come with me .
