 Peter : Previously on Helix ... We can reduce world population By 75 % within 3 months . Call it what you want , it 's genocide . You 've been investigating us this entire time ? Not you , him . This man 's a wanted terrorist . You will do your duty Like i did , and my mother . All those portraits on the wall ... All of them his lovers ! ( screaming ) We need to restrain these people before they hurt themselves or others . She has an immortal child ? She was pregnant when she became immortal . The child might be the way To make the rest of us like michael . I have no idea how that got there . How could you ? Durant : There is another renegade immortal , But he 's been working on a project that might prevent ilaria From ending the human race . Cut the bonds and get them out of those beds ! We need to save our brothers and sisters ! ( struggling ) ( gasping ) ( bells tolling ) ( groans ) ( grunting ) ( speaking french ) Durant : Once there was a man who loved forever . He fell in love with a peasant girl . They were married ... But her heart belonged to another . He gave her his title . She gave him a bastard . ( speaking french ) ( all laughing ) Durant : The pain was unbearable . He vowed never to feel such pain again . ( flames crackling ) ( woman screaming ) Jamais plus . " never again " ? He made a promise to himself on that terrible night , A promise he has kept for over 400 years . And this is the immortal who can stop ilaria ? This murderer ? Don 't be obtuse . I have full faith in michael 's talent . He 's been working on a project with implications Greater than even he realizes . What he 's done ... ( chuckles ) is remarkable . Genius , even . What 's the project ? A world where only one field yields a crop , While the rest lie barren . Infertility ? That 's right . Michael has perfected it . Grafted it into apples . One dose , no side effects . Simple , elegant , guaranteed results . And the best part ? It only affects mortal men . So no one else can father children except for him ? And any other mortal man ... Jamais plus . With that technology , Ilaria could control the spread of the mortal population . Without resorting to genocide , yes ! It would solve their human problem once and for all . Where do i find this michael ? On an island . On the far end of the new world . Then that 's where i need to go . Search parties have been looking all night . So far they 've only found four of the infected . The others are being hidden somewhere on the grounds . Have you seen my budding knife ? No . I keep it in the second drawer and it 's not there . Maybe you put it in a different drawer . I would never do that . You know how you get when you 're working . I need to have things kept in their proper places . Agnes always ... The lab needs to be kept organized . I will have landry prepare an inventory ... No , no , no . Not landry , you . Without agnes around , i need you on top of things . Of course , michael . Do you want the search teams to keep looking ? Well , why wouldn 't they ? I told you the sick are being kept hidden from us . The healthy are getting scared . People are talking about leaving the island . Who ? People . Gather everyone in the dining hall . I 'm going to make an announcement . Oh ! Ah ! ( squeaking ) ( panting ) Who 's there ? It 's anne , dr . Farragut . Anne ? What are you doing here ? I was framed for something i didn 't do . Framed ? By who ? I don 't know . But it won 't be long before michael realizes his mistake . He doesn 't seem like the type who makes mistakes . This is just a detour from my path . ( scoffs ) yeah . Nothing like a road trip through ratville to build character . Michael needs me . When the time is right , He 'll come . You look like 10 miles of bad road . Want to tell me where you were all night ? Had a wonderful night myself . The room-to-room search was a bust . Turns out olivia and her merry crew Are better at stashing the sick than we expected . ( breathing heavily ) ( theme music playing ) 83 mycotics and we only found four . Alan : Looks like sedative is wearing off . That means this place is about to be turned upside down . Have you seen sarah ? Figured she was with you . No . I checked her room But she wasn 't there . I thought i 'd check the lab next . I 'll come with you . ( congregation murmuring ) Woman : Shh ! Man : Here . Come on . Woman : Where are our families ? Brother michael : Friends ... ( people speaking indistinctly ) Friends . Friends , please . Please ! Please ! ( crowd falls silent ) Brother michael : We tried to isolate the sick And we failed . But we must do what we can to protect the uninfected , Which is all of you . And i think the doctors from the cdc would agree That this dining hall is currently the safest place in the abbey ? Good . So we are all going to stay in this room , And no one will leave Until this is over . ( all clamoring ) Man : Some of us have family out there ! ( crowd falls silent ) all of us Have family out there , malcolm . And the healthy will be redirected back here . And the sick ? What about them ? We just leave them out there to die ? Yes ... ( clamoring ) Unless we all want to die along with them . It is in times Of unimaginable loss that adherence To our own true path is most vital ! ( clamoring continues ) Man : We trusted you ! Place guards at every entrance . Lock it down now . Alan : Sarah ? Kyle : You said you checked her room ? ( groans ) Alan ? Hey ! You okay ? ( panting ) i think i know where she is . There 's a room ... In one of the outbuildings . I almost made it there once But i was ambushed before i could find proof . Proof of what ? I came to this island for a reason , And i believe it 's buried in this abbey . ( gasping ) ( groans ) ( bells tolling ) Yes , we 've been here before , Haven 't we ? Ha ! Blights , plagues , drought ... Parasites ... There 's so many ways To devastate an orchard . We built this place up from nothing , Persevered through Unimaginable hardships . But when a disease attacks the roots , Changes are necessary . Astrid ... Do you remember when the spanish found us ? ( whispers ) your sacrifice was ... Heroic . And your daughter , Sweet annabelle . You nurtured the seeds of a generation . Alice ... Without you , there 'd be no fellowship . The old ways needed to be discarded So your new ideas could come to fruition . Pruning a plant makes it grow . Thinning a crop makes it strong . ( door opening ) Sister amy : Who are you talking to ? Amy ! Do you have something to say to me ? Brother malcolm . The one who attacked you ? Landry had him taken down to a contemplation cell . No , no , no , i don 't want that . I don 't want him to be locked away . Let him stay with the others . But he transgressed ! You 're not concerned ? Quite the contrary . Vigorous dissent is sometimes healthy . But you always say how one bad apple ... Now i 'm saying something different . Is there a problem with that ? Of course not , but why ... Shh , shh , shh . Do you see these women ? Your sisters . Each and every one of them Dedicated their lives to this fellowship . They did everything that was asked of them Without question , Without complaint . They lived happily In the service Of my will . ( choking ) No matter the demand , No matter the sacrifice . That proud mantle is being passed to you . Are you ready to receive it , amy ? Are you ? ( gasping for air ) ( groaning ) Anne : Dr. Farragut , are you asleep ? Call me peter . I wanted to apologize On behalf of our fellowship For the way things turned out . You came here to help us , And i 'm afraid we 've been Less than forthcoming . " less than forthcoming " ? Are you out of your goddamn mind ? I just thought ... Michael dumped a barrel of rats on my head . In what world do you think i would ever accept an apology from you ? Please don 't yell at me . I have been locked in a pit ... Please don 't ! Tortured , starved half to death ... Stop yelling at me ! Do you have any idea How hard it is to be the sensible one all the time ? I try to do what 's right for our people , And this is how i am thanked ! I know exactly how you feel . ( sighs ) how could you ? Let 's just say i face similar ... Challenges In my line of work . Try working with your family . I have . It 's the worst . The absolute pits . ( chuckles ) ( both laughing ) ( door opening ) Sister amy : Anne ? Are you down here ? Anne : Amy ? What 's wrong ? Is michael coming ? No . I don 't know what to do . How about throwing down a rope ? Tell me . I think michael 's going crazy . He was talking to the portraits on the wall . What was he saying ? Something about the crop ? It didn 't make any sense . He doesn 't always make sense , But it 's your job to protect him now , To bow to his will . Do you understand ? You sound exactly like him . Look , maybe we could talk about this up top ? There 's got to be a rope somewhere . I 'm not leaving until michael releases me . Are you kidding me ? Amy , listen to me . You will go to him and you will offer yourself . No ! I don 't have to listen to you , And i don 't have to listen to him . Amy , just throw down the goddamn rope ! Or him , either ! Amy ! ( door closes ) amy ! I 'm so sorry for this . ( loud banging ) ( gasps ) ( woman screaming ) ( thudding ) ( man grunting ) ( whispers ) oh , my god ! You scared me . Where are your parents ? Girl : Our dad got sick , Then he hurt our mom . Where 's your dad now ? Man : Lizzie ? Luke ? Hey , where are you guys ? That 's him . Hey kids , come on out , we 're going to play a little game . ( whimpering ) It 's going to be okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . Man : Lizzie ? Luke ? ( thudding on door ) Come on , guys ! I know you 're in there . ( metal scraping ) ( pounding loudly ) You 're going to be in so much trouble Unless you come out right now . Open the goddamn door ! Open the goddamn door ! ( continues pounding ) ( woman screaming ) ( thudding stops ) ( running footsteps ) ( rat squeaking ) ( gasps ) He 's gone . You guys stay right here and i 'll be back . No ! Don 't leave us ! I have to go and find help . Take us with you ! I can 't . It 's not safe . Please , don 't leave us ! Okay , stay close to me , And if you hear anything scary at all , You run as fast as you can , okay ? Okay , come on . Alan : How long does the psychosis last ? Kyle : Who knows ? They 're all dead within two days anyway . Not a very efficient pathogen . Seems to be doing a pretty fair job kicking our ass . An infectious disease doesn 't want to kill , It wants to pass on its dna . This one kills too quickly , Doesn 't give itself a chance to spread . Yeah , i took cellular biology . You got a hypothesis to go along with that ? Yeah . I think it had help ... The human kind . This is as far as i got last time . ( keys jangling ) I really thought one of these would work . Stand back . Huh ? ( gunshot ) ( door creaking ) What the hell is this place ? Sarah was ... On this table , she was ... They were ... Performing some kind of procedure . Who ? What did they do to her ? There was so much Blood , i , i ... I don 't remember . What the hell are we doing here ? What are you not telling me ? Ilaria ... Are working on something big , An alternative to narvik . You 're telling me ilaria 's responsible for narvik ? And more . And it 's not the pathogen you 're chasing . That 's unreliable . It 's faulty . It kills too quickly . That 's insane ! Sarah ... Sarah 's part of it . That must be why they took her . Bullshit ! Your eyes ... What ? Nystagmus . Must have been a residual tremor . You 're sure you don 't remember anything from last night ? Just ... Flashes . I 've seen this before . Those kids who attacked me , they had the same eye movements And no memory of it . I think they were drugged . Could have been an anticholinergic , Like scopolamine . Okay . Combined with morphine , It creates a somnambulant state , Like sleep walking . We need to find sarah . We 'll split up , cover more ground that way . Sure that 's a good idea ? No . But i 'm ... All out of good ideas . When you two fight like this , does she ever come back , Try to make it right ? Amy is follow ... No , no ! Don 't tell me she 's following her damn path . I know you mock us , But this fellowship has thrived For nearly 400 years . Michael knows what he 's doing . I 'm the one who 's failed . You gave your life to him . Look what he 's done to you . If this is my final journey , I have no one to blame but myself . Everyone you have ever known is in grave danger ... Not to mention my team . Someone needs to talk to michael , Make him see reason . Why would he listen to me ? ( whispers ) because you are the sensible one . Sarah ? You in here ? ( sudden hiss ) ( distant whistling ) ( traditional jazz music playing ) ( muffled bang ) I miss my mommy . Oh , luke . Luke , luke . It 's okay . It 's okay . No , when he gets scared , you have to tell him a story . That 's what our mom does ... I mean , did . Um , okay . Six months ago , i was in the congo ... No , you have to say , " once upon a time " . Okay . Once upon a time , Six months ago , i was in the congo Treating children who were just a little bit older than you . There , i met this little boy named arthur , And he was a very brave boy . He used to always have a blanket That he would tie around his shoulders like a cape . So i asked him one day , I said , " arthur , why do you tie a blanket around your shoulders ? " And he said , " because i 'm superman , " and superman can fly . " and he 'll never get sick " ' cause he can fly away from any disease . " ( mimics flying ) Did arthur get better ? Yeah , he did . He got better . Gosh , i sure did miss you guys . Run . Run ! ( exclaims ) ( gasping ) hey , kids ! Have you found a new mommy already ? Guys , run ! Now ! ( grunting ) Sarah , you okay ? Yeah . What did you give him ? Nothing , i didn 't have a chance to inject him . Rapid fungal overgrowth . It must be the final stage of the disease . And only 36 hours after the memorial . It kills faster than we thought . We need to assess the mortality rate , Figure out why the boy soren went into remission , Maybe something having to do with a prepubescent immune system ... Alan ... He 's their father . Kids ... You okay ? Why don 't you come with us ? We 'll go to the dining hall . They 're gathering people there . You 'll be safe . Alan , i have to go to the infirmary . They have an ultrasound machine there . ( jazz music playing ) ( door opening ) Michael ? We need to talk . I 'm a grown woman , And i should be able to make my own choices . Follow your own path , of course . I don 't want to be just another portrait on that wall . Your fierce individuality Has always been a source of great pride to me , amy . ( scoffs ) let 's cut the bullshit . Very well . You want to speak candidly . The floor is yours . I know what you are . You 're not a god . You 're a freak of nature . And just because you had anne and agnes fooled Doesn 't mean you get to steal my life , too . My path does not lead to your side Or your bed . May i be candid as well ? I know what you are , too . A chip off the old block . And i know what you had landry do with the tainted honey . ( scoffs ) I don 't know what you 're ... Oh , shh , shh , shh . To quote my sweet daughter , " let 's cut the bullshit " . If you thought it was me , why did you put anne in the pit ? Well , anne is a sheep , And like so many of the others , She was born to follow , but you ... You , my dear , are ... A genuine machiavellian prodigy . Do you think i wasn 't aware Of the adolescent fumblings between you and landry ? He 's not man enough for you , of course , But then again , none of them are . I made sure of that . This crop is rotten . It needs to be plowed under . And tonight , We shall finish what you and your lover started . Thinning is a necessary part to what we do . Thinning ? Monk 's hood and opium poppy , 4 to 1 ratio . Muscles are paralyzed , breathing stops , And death comes as a quick release . You 're going to kill them ? They 're at the end of their path . I have no choice . I 'm thinking of a pure community this time . Yes , no outsiders , just family . I ... I don 't understand ! After the first purge , Your sister annabelle bore me 17 children . Alice gave me 22 after the second one . Oh , my dear , your life is about to be filled With glorious purpose . My sweet girl , You 're going to be the mother to a whole new generation . No . I won 't do it ! Oh , of course you will . With or without your teeth . ( screams ) no ! No ! No , please , let me go ! No , let go ! Let me go ! Shh ... No ! ( grunts ) Let me out ! Let me out , michael ! Tempered glass won 't break . I wouldn 't move around too much , amy . Even the slightest contact with some of those plants Could be extremely dangerous . Oh , amy . I admire your fire . Your refusal to give in . But eventually you 'll understand . Just like the others . Of all my daughters , You 've always been my favorite . This machine must be 40-years-old . The cpu could be shot . ( sighs ) it seems to be working just fine . ( ultrasound machine humming ) Still , the fetus would be Very small . You couldn 't have been More than a few days pregnant when you were ... You were made immortal . ( sighs ) the baby shouldn 't arrest development Until the fetal stages . We should be able to see something . Remember anything from last night ? Anything at all ? I was in the lab and then i was attacked . It must have been a mycotic . And the next thing i know , i was in ... I was in that horrible room , And there was blood everywhere . There 's nothing here . There 's no baby . Sarah ... I don 't think that was any mycotic attack last night . What ? I lost time just like you . I think i was ... I was drugged With scopolamine so i would forget . To make you forget what ? I 've been remembering bits and pieces all day , but ... I think i was the one who attacked you in the lab . It was you ? If it was , i swear i had no idea what was happening . You attacked me ? You took it ? You took the baby ? Sarah , i swear on my life i didn 't know what was happening . Do you really hate immortals that much ? No . ( sniffles ) Is that it ? Do i disgust you ? Did this baby disgust you ? No , that 's insane , this was ... No , just admit it ! This is what you wanted all along ! You never wanted this baby in the first place ! That 's not true ! Just get out , alan ! I don 't want to look at you ! Please ... Get out ! Get out ! ( sobbing ) Kyle , let me out , please ! Michael 's gone crazy ! Stop the presses . No , he 's about to do something terrible . You have to believe me ! Actually , i don 't . See , that 's the beauty of me standing here and you being locked in there . You want to find dr . Jordan , right ? I can tell you where she is . What do you know about it ? Let me out and i 'll tell you . Tell me and i 'll think about letting you out . No , you know what ? I like you better under glass . What ? No , kyle ! Please ! ( door closes ) Okay , you ready to try again ? Get back on my shoulders . ( door opening ) Peter , is that you ? Oh , kyle , thank god ! How in the world did you two end up down there ? Doctor , there should be a rope somewhere in the vicinity . Copy that . Alan : And we need a sit rep ! What 's happening ? What isn 't happening ? There was another outbreak , 83 infected . Oh , jesus ... Our quarantine was breached and most of them are still on the loose . What about the uninfected ? Michael confined them to the dining hall . Have you seen michael ? Is he all right ? He was in the botany lab , arguing with amy And brewing up some kind of foul-smelling plant stew . Got it ! Great ! Throw it down . All right , look out . What kind of plant stew ? I don 't know , long stems , big purple flowers ? Monk 's hood also known as aconitum . That 's a deadly paralytic . Why would he ... Hey ... It 's a ... Thinning . A what ? It was before my time , But i heard the stories from my great-grandmother . When she was a young girl , a decision was made To thin the fellowship , To wipe the slate clean and start over . Start over how ? She 's talking about jonestown . Solar temple , uh ... Heaven 's gate . Mass suicide . They 're all going to kill themselves . Friends . Friends ! Wonderful news . Wonderful news . The good doctors from the cdc have developed a serum To combat the illness which has been plaguing our fellowship . ( all murmuring ) They 're administering it right now to the sick outside , And they have even provided us with an oral vaccine So that we might never become affected , either . Glorious , glorious news . I want you to take your men . I need you outside on the perimeter . When do we get the cure ? Now is not the time to ask me a question . Malcolm : Is it safe ? I thought you might ask me that . See ? Totally painless . This way . Come on ! Parents , administer to your children . Men , aid our women before helping yourselves . If you see any elderly persons , offer them assistance . More than enough to go around . ( women coughing ) ( bodies collapsing ) ( all coughing ) ( retching ) ( objects clattering ) ( shouting indistinctly ) ( inaudible ) ( theme music playing ) Helix.S02E07.720p.WEBRiP.2CH.HEVC.x265-T4M English HI SRT Subtitles - UF ( v2.07 )
