 ♪ Subtitles by ♪ AsifAkheir ☻ ♥ My name is Captain James Tiberius Kirk , United Federation of Planets . I 'm appearing before you , as a neutral representative of the Fabonan Republic , to bring you a message of good will and present to you esteemed members of the Teenaxi delegation a gift from the Fabonan High Council , with the highest regard . What 's wrong with it ? - Excuse me ? - Why don 't they want it anymore ? Well ... this was once a piece of an ancient weapon . And now they offer it as a symbol of of peace . In the Fabonan culture to surrender a weapon is an offer of truce . How did they come by it ? They told me , they acquired it a long time ago . So they stole it , then ! No they , um ... Well ... You don 't know the Fabonans , like we do ! That 's very true . Your excellency , this gift They 're a crowd of untrustworthy thieves who want to see us murdered in our own beds ! This beloved artifact is a symbol of trust and peace . They want to cut us into pieces , and roast us over a fire ! I don 't think that 's true . And eat us ! What ? ! Scotty , get me out of here ! Well , that was quick . There 's quite a bit o ' surface interference , sir . Scotty ! I ripped my shirt again . How 'd it go ? Captain , did you manage to broker a treaty with the Teenaxi ? Ahh ... Let 's just say I came up short . Would you look ... log that and put it in the vault , Spock . Thank you . - Jim , you look like crap . - Thank you , Bones . You got that little vein poping out of your temple again . You OK ? Never better ! Just a another day in the fleet . Captain 's Log , Stardate 2263.2 Today is our 966th day in deep space . A little over 3 years into our 5 year mission . The more time we spend out here , the harder it is to tell where one day ends and the next one begins . It can be a challenge to feel grounded , when even gravity is artifical . But , well , we do what we can to make it feel like home . The crew , as always continues to act admirably despite the rigors of our extended stay , here in outer space , and the personal sacrifices they have made . We continue to search for new life forms in order to establish firm diplomatic ties . Our extended time in uncharted territory has stretched the ships mechanical capacities , but , fortunately , our engineering departement led by Mr. Scott , is more than up to the job . The ship , aside , prolonged cohabitation has definitely had effects on interpersonal dynamics . Some experiences for the better and some for the worse . As for me , things have started to feel a little episodic . The farther out we go , the more I find myself wondering what , it is , we 're trying to accomplish . If the universe is truly endless , then ... are we not striving for something forever out of reach ? The Enterprise is scheduled for a reprovisioning stop at Yorktown , Federation 's newest and most advanced starbase . Perhaps a break from routine will offer up some respite from mysteries and the unknown . Sorry , I 'm late . Keenser 's leaking some kinda highly acidic green goo and Scotty 's terrified he 's gonna sneeze on the warp core and kill us all . What the hell are you drinking ? I 'm pretty sure it 's the rest of that Saurian brandy we picked up on Thasus . My god man ! Are you trying to go blind ? That stuff 's illegal . Besides ... I found this in Chekov 's locker . Wow ! Right ? I mean I always assumed he 'd be - a vodka guy . - Vodka guy . Exactly . I wanted to have something appropriate for your birthday . It 's in couple days , you know I don 't care about that . I know . I know you don 't like celebrating it to on the day 'cause it 's also the day your pa bit the dust . I was being sensitive . Did they teach you about bedside manner in medical school ? Or is it just your southern charm ? - Oh yeah ! - Oh , that 's good ! Lordy ! Are you gonna call your mom ? Yeah , of course I 'll call her , on the day . One year older . Yeah , that 's usually how it works . A year older than he ever got to be . He joined the Starfleet because he he believed in it . I joined on a dare . You joined and see if you could live up to him . You 've spent all this time , trying to be George Kirk and now you 're wondering just what it means to be Jim ; why you 're out here . To perfect eyesight and a full head of hair ! - Kirk here . - Captain . - Approaching Yorktown Base . - I 'm on my way , Mr. Sulu . Let 's keep this birthday thing under wraps , huh ? You know me , Mr. Sensitive . Wow , that is impressive ! Aye , she 's a beauty , isn 't she ? What a damn monstrosity ! Couldn 't we just rent some space on a planet ? Showing geographical favouritism among inducted Federation worlds could cause diplomatic tension . Oh , you don 't think that looks tense ? Looks like a damn snow globe in space just waiting to break . Ah , that 's the spirit , Bones ! Spock ! Do you have a moment ? Of course , Nyota . I think you should have this back . After all , it belonged to your mother . It is not in the Vulcan custom to receive , again , that which was given as a gift . You guys break up ? What 'd you do ? A typically reductive inquiry doctor . You know Spock , if an Earth girl says , it 's me not you , it 's definitely you . Excuse me . Commander Spock , may we have a moment of your time ? Thank you for bringing this to my attention . Live long and prosper . Live long and prosper . I have Def-alert on incoming vessel . Unidentified non-federation . Attention , unidentified vessel , you are not authorized for approach . Power down and await instructions . Unidentified vessel , please comply . Just speak normally . Language analysis complete Is this working ? We were on a science mission inside the nebula . Our ship suffered a critical malfunction . I took an escape pod , before the ship crash landed on a nearby planet . We need a ship , capable of navigating the nebula . You must have someone , who can help us . We tracked her stranded ship to a sector of uncharted nebula . Here at 210 mark 14 . Long range scan ? No data . The nebula is too dense . It 's uncharted space . Well , the Enterprise does have the best navigational system in the fleet . She could handle 'er . The only ship here , with more advanced technology is still under construction . But it 's not just the ship that I 'm sending . I 'll gather the crew . Captain . Starfleet Command sent me your application for the Vice-admiral position here at this installation . Yes , ma 'am . If I may , I would recommend Commander Spock to replace me as Captain of the Enteprise . He is an exemplary Starfleet Officer . He 'd make a great Captain . It isn 't uncommon , you know , even for a captain , to want to leave . There 's no relative direction in the vastness of space . There 's only yourself , your ship , your crew . It 's easier than you think to get lost . - It 's not ... - I 'll bring it up with the General Council . We 'll discuss it , when you return . Ma 'am . - Mr. Spock . - Captain . - I have something ... - Perhaps there ... - No , please . - Captain , after you . I insist . After this mission , we should , we should sit down . There 's something I need to talk you about . I , as well , have something to share . We make a good team , right ? I believe we do . I insist . Lt. Uhura , open a ship-wide channel . Yes , Captain . Attention , crew of the Enterprise . Our mission is straightforward ; to rescue a crew stranded on a planet in uncharted space . Our trajectory will take us through an unstable nebula . One which will disable all communication with Starfleet . We 're gonna on our own . The Enteprise has something no other ship in the fleet has . You . As we 've come to understand there is no such thing as the unknown , only the temporarily hidden . Kirk , out . Readings indicate cloud density , diminishing , sir . This is Altamid . My ship is stranded here . Approaching Altamid . Class M planet . Massive subterranean development but limited to no life forms on the surface . Proximity alert , sir . We have an unknown ship heading right for us . - Lt. Uhura , hail them . - Yes , Captain . No response . I am picking up some kind of signal . They 're jamming us . Magnify , Mr. Sulu . What is this ? Shields up ! Red alert ! Fire at will ! Sir , our phasers are having minimal effect and our torpedoes can 't track their movements . Fire everything we 've got . Captain , we are not equipped for this manner of engagement . Shield frequencies have no effect , sir . They took out the dish . Shields are inoperable . - Warp us out of here , Mr. Sulu . - Yes , sir . - Why the hell aren 't we moving ? - I can 't engage the warp drive , sir . Scotty , I need warp now . I cannae , sir . The nacelles , they ... They 've gone ! Security , engage all emergency procedures ... Code : 1 alpha 4-0 . All personnel to alert stations . I have hull breaches in levels 12 to 15 , 6 , 9 , 31 and 21 , sir . Captain , there 's a chance I can reroute the energy reserves from the warp core to the impulse engines . If we can get back into the nebula maybe we can lose them . Do whatever you have to , Scotty . Keenser ! Let 's go ! All clear , Krall . Connect the plasma conduits and stand by to re-rout on my mark ! I have the Abronath . Secure the ship . - Captain . - Go , Spock . I 've identified the individual who appears to be leading the attack party . He infiltrated the archive vault and removed the artifact from our mission on Teenax . Hold your distance until ... Spock ! Spock ! - You two , with me . Sulu , you have the com * . - Yessir . My god ! What the hell ? ! Doctor ? Doctor , we must evacuate now ! Captain Kirk . Yes ! We 're at 100 % impulse . Great work , Mr. Scott ! Maximum impulse towards the nebula ! Aye ! Krall , the ship is going into the nebula . Slit its throat . Kirk to bridge ! We are losing the inertial dampeners . Systems failing , ship-wide , Captain . Emergency bulkheads are sealing but structural integrity is at 18 % and falling , sir . Abandon ship , Mr. Sulu . Sound the alarm . We need to give those pods a chance to escape . Can you lead the ship away ? Impulse engines are still trying to draw power from the warp reserve . We cannot move until the saucer is separated . I 'll handle it . Aye aye , sir . We gotta get you guys to an escape pod . Go ! Ensign , Syl . I need your help . Yes , sir . My god ! Spock , they 're taking the crew . Are you OK ? The saucer should be free by now . I know , Mr. Sulu . The Captain should be there . Impulse engines , drawing power from auxiliary generators . Captain . How many of the crew are still aboard the saucer ? None . If I 'm reading this correctly the intruders are taking them . Captain , we are caught in the planet 's gra ( w ) ity . We cannot pull away . Get yourselves in * pods . - Yes , sir . - Aye , Captain . Come on ! Let 's go ! You knew . You knew we 'd be attacked ! You don 't understand . Captain Kirk . Yes , I lied . Our ship was attacked . Chekov , check the comms for survivors . Aye , aye , aye , Captain . - Who is he ? - His name is Krall . He took my crew , like he took yours . How did he know so much about the Enterprise ? All I know is that if I did this , he would set them free . Chekov , are you picking anything up , on those scanners ? Nothing , sir . - What if they ... - No , no . He was taking them . We have to find that saucer . Even minimal scanning systems will have more range than a tricorder . Aye , Captain . It 's possible . Captain , I was protecting my crew . What is your name ? How do you know our language ? I know your kind . I 'm Lt. Nyota Uhura of the USS Enteprise . And you have committed an act of war against Feder ... Federation ? ! Federation is an act of war . You attacked us . Your captain ... Why did you sacrifice yourself for him ? He would have done the same . And if he made it off that ship , he will come for us . I 'm counting on it , Lt. Uhura . I can 't believe it . My god , Spock ! Sit down over here . OK , easy , easy . I 'll just , eh ... Try and relax . You 're gonna be OK . The forced optimism in your voice suggests you are trying to elicit a sense of calm in order to ... Cut the horse shit . Doctor . I failed to see how excrement of any kind bears relevance on our current situation . - What the hell are you doing ? - We must keep moving , doctor . Spock , this thing 's punctured your iliac region . - Time is a critical factor . - That 's exactly what I 'm trying to tell you . Look , if I can 't take this out , you 're gonna die . OK ? If I take it out and can 't stop the bleeding , you 're gonna die . I can see no appeal in either option . Believe it or not , neither can I. So , if I remember correctly , the ... Vulcans have their hearts where humans have their livers . That is correct , doctor . That explains a thing or two . You know , you are lucky . An inch to the left and you 'd be dead already . I just don 't get it , Spock . I mean , what did they attack us for ? I mean ... they do all this for some doodad that the tiny clerics * didn 't want ? It is unwise to trivialize that which one simply does not understand , Doctor . We can safely assume it is more important than a doodad . I think you just managed to insult me twice , Spock . OK . Alright , Spock , I just got one question . - What 's your favorite color ? - I failed to see the relevance ... Yeah , they say it hurts less if it 's a surprise . If I may adopt a parlance with which you are familiar I can confirm your theory to be horse shit . We gotta get outta here . You 're kidding me , aren 't you ? Hello there . My name is Montgomery Scott , and ... who might you be ? Watch it sonny ! I 'm pretty handy when I want to be , right . Don 't come back . Well , we certainly showed them , eh lassie ? Hey , that 's Starfleet property , you cannae just take ... But , I 'm feeling generous today , so have at it . - Where you get that ? - Is that English ? I learn from my house . Where you get that ? - This is my Starfleet insignia . - What does it mean ? Means that I 'm an officer of Starfleet 's Engineering Division . - Engineering ? - Aye , that 's right , I fix things . I know what is engineering . You 're not with those bastards that killed my ship are ya ? I 'll take that as a no . He is Krall . Him and his ... bees . They search the stars for a ... death machine . They 're the reason why you are here , why we are all here . What , even those 3 scunners ? They have fallen from the sky , like me and you . Come with me . Now ! Wait , hang on a minute , lassie . I 'm having a difficult day , here . I 've gotta find my crewmates . I will help you find your mates . And then you will help me . With what ? - You want me to fix something ? - Yes . You help me and I help you . Alright , well , things being as they are , I doubt I 'll get better offer today . So lead the way . Good . I am Jaylah . - And you 're Montgomery Scott . - Aye , Scotty . Come now , Montgomery Scotty . Alright , hold on . The Enterprise . She may not even have power to the bridge , Captain . She still has a few tricks up her sleeve . I 'd bet on it . McCoy to Enterprise , come in . McCoy to Enterprise . Hey , take it easy there , Spock . That was just a temporary fix back there . I understand , Doctor . Fascinating . Ominous , dark , dangerous . We 're going in . Intriguing . These symbols are the same as those depicted on the artifact taken in the attack . You think it came from here ? It would seem so . Damm it , Spock ! Hurry . - Are we there yet ? - Stop asking that . - Sorry . - This is the way , come . And watch your step . You do not want to set off my traps . Oh ! That 's clever . What is this place ? - This is my house . - Your house ? Hold on a minute . Is this a ship ? I 'll help you find your friends and you help me fix it . So I can leave this planet , forever . W-Wait a minute . Is this your ship ? No , Montgomery Scotty . It 's yours . Oh my good lord ! Captain , it looks like there is power . Alright , let 's get to the bridge then we 'll find the crew . The console is intact Captain . I will ... try to re-route power to it . Work fast . Once we get this place lit up , we 're gonna draw a lot of attention . What do you think ? Can you find them ? Aye , Captain . I am reconfiguring scanners to modulate for the crew 's sequence . You , with me ... I left something behind . That is one heck of a cold . Nice job , Keenser . Alright , we got about 15 minutes until the next guard rotation . Come on . Let 's go , c 'mon . Come on ! This is the Magellan probe . Federation was using these to find a way through the nebula . What 's he using it for ? What do you see ? He 's been piggybacking the subspace links between the probes . Can we use it to send a distress signal ? I can try . It 's sent . He has access to Yorktown database . What ? He 's got Startfleet datafiles . Ship logs ... including the Enterprise . He 's been watching us this whole time . Captain , the artifact was on the ship the whole time ? I couldn 't afford to get caught with it , so I hid it in here . Tell Krall , I have the Abronath . Do you believe every sad story you hear ? Not every . Put the phaser down . Please . Did you get it , Chekov ? Aye , Captain , I 've traced the location of her comm . What does Krall want with this thing ? To save you . From yourselves . Captain ! - You all right ? - Aye , Captain , but we are trapped . Can you get this thing started ? Are you intimating that we should engage the thrusters ? ! I am open to other suggestions . OK . - There 's a problem , sir . - What ? Fuel is primed , but , I cannot get it to combust . Captain , we are basically standing on a ( w ) ery large bomb . If you miss the combustion compressor ... I am not gonna miss , come on ! Do you even know what the combustion compressor looks like ? Ah , it 's square , right ? No , sir , it 's round ! That 's what I said . Go ! Chekov ! Chekov , move ! You think you know what sacrifice really means ? Federation has taught you that conflict should not exist ! But without struggle , you would never know who you truly are . You have no idea who we are . But you 'll soon find out . You mean the distress signal you thought you sent ? The coordinates were altered . Your rescue ships will be stranded in the nebula and your base left , full open . You 're going to attack Yorktown . Millions of souls from every Federation world holding hands . It 's a perfect target . You 're wrong . There is strength in unity . The strength of others , Lieutenant , is what has kept me alive . No ! Spock . Spock , wake up dammit ! I am entirely conscious , doctor . I am simply contemplating the nature of mortality . Feeling philosophical , huh ? Massive blood loss 'll do that to ya . You asked me why Lt. Uhura and I parted ways . I became concerned , in the light of Vulcan 's demise , that I owed a debt of duty to my species . You thought you should be off making little Vulcans , huh ? Yup , I can see how that 'd upset her . I intended to discuss it with her further but I received some news which affected me unexpectedly . What news ? Ambassador Spock has died . Spock , I 'm so sorry . I can 't imagine what that must feel like . When you 've lived as many lives as he fear of death is illogical . Fear of death is what keeps us alive . I want to live as he did . That is why I decided to redirect my efforts and continue his work on New Vulcan . You 're leaving Starfleet ? What Jim have to say about that ? I could not find the time to tell him . Well , I can tell you he is not gonna like that . Hell , I don 't know what he 'd do without ya . I mean , you know , me on the other hand , I 'd throw a party . My god , you 're getting delirious ! How far are we from the coordinates from that call ? Still a ways , sir . Captain ? When did you begin to suspect her ? Not soon enough . How did you know ? I guess you could say I got a good nose for danger . Run ! ♪ Fight the power . Fight the power . ♪ We 've got to fight the powers that be ♪ As the rhythm designed to bounce What counts is that the rhymes Is that music ? Where on earth is that coming from ? There . I plugged the little box in the power cell and the little mouth make it sing . That 's very clever . Music is a bit old fashion for my taste . Not to mention very loud and distracting . But hey , well played ! I like the beat and shouting . Oh , you do ? - Switch it off . - Ach , you 're OK . - Switch it off ! Someone set off one of my traps . Captain ? - You know these men ? - Aye , lassie . That wee man there is Pavel Chekov and that handsome bastard is James T. Kirk . They 're my mates . It 's good to see you sir . What is she doing ? Scotty ? Don 't hurt them because ... You 're free , James T. Mr. Scott ! Who 's your new friend here ? - She sure knows how to throw out the welcome mat . - This is Jaylah . I do not know what is a welcome mat . - You find anybody else ? - No , sir . I 'm sorry . You 're the only ones . What the hell happened up there , Jim ? Why were we attacked ? They were after the artifact we brought back from Teenax . - Did they get it ? - No . - Have you got it ? No , I had to get it off the Enterprise so I put it on a shuttle . - You hid it in a shuttle . - Yes and no . This is the USS Franklin , sir . Can you believe it ? First Earth ship capable of warp 4 ! Went missing in the Gagarin Radiation Belt in the early 2160 's . I remember that from the Academy . Captain Balthazar Edison . In the first years of Starfleet . How the hell did his ship end up here ? There 's a lot o ' theories , sir . Surrended to the Romulans . Captured by a giant green space hand . This far out , it 's gotta be a wormhole displacement . Can she fly ? She 's missing a few driver coils and the EPS conduits are fried but Jaylah has done a marvelous job of getting the ship 's systems back online . - Thank you , Montgomery Scotty . - Pardon me . Mr. Chekov , could you plug in the coordinates . See if you can track the crew 's location from the ship 's sensors ? Aye , Captain . He likes that seat . Mr. Scott , tour . Yes , the mess hall . Jaylah , if you will ... Yes . No clue what happend to the crew , huh ? Ach , no , sir . They 'd be dead a hundred years by now . Is that ? ... That 's a PX-70 ! My dad used to have one when he was a kid . Mom said he 'd put her on the back and then drive her nuts . Sir . So you 're telling me this thing 's been here this whole time and no one 's ever noticed it ? She 's riggeded up image refractors . Like some sort of holographic camouflage . Aye , sir . Captain ! I 've intercepted a weak communication transmission , sir . It 's a Starfleet frequency . Can you lock onto the signal ? Yes , but how do we get to them ? I have an idea , sir , but I 'm gonna need your permission . Why would you need my permission ? Because if I mess it up I don 't want it to be just my fault . McCoy and Spock to Enteprise crew . Come in , Enterprise crew . Anyone . Come on , Spock . Come on , you can make it . Leaving me behind will significantly increase your chances of survival , doctor . Well , that 's damned chivalrous of you but completly out of the question . It is imperative that you locate any surviving crew . And here I was , thinking you cared . Of course I care about you . I always assumed my respect for you is clear . The dialogue we have had across the years has always ... It 's OK , Spock . You don 't have to say it . Well , at least I won 't die alone . Well , that 's just typical . Come on you bastards ! Good to see you in one piece doctor ! Oh , am I ? I feel like my innards have been to a barn dace . Aye , well , these old transporters were only ever used for cargo , but a few modifications seemed to do the trick . I thought it was best to beam you one at a time . You know , in case you got spliced . Oh , I couldn 't imagine a worse scenario . Good to have you back . You all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . He 's hurt . I am functioning adequately , Captain . In a pig 's eye , you are ! Captain , we discovered that the stolen artifact appears to have come from this planet . Dammit , Spock ! Are there any medical supplies on this thing ? This way . Lie down , come on . There you go . How are we gonna get out of this one , Spock ? We got ... no ship , no crew . Not the best odds . We will do what we have always done , Jim . We will find hope in the impossible . Let 's get you patched up first , OK ? Captain . You must focus your efforts on helping the crew . Well , that 's why I need you around Spock . These things are from the dark ages . Bones . I 'm pretty sure this is protoplaser . It 'll stop the internal hemorraging . At least that 's my hope . " The miserable have no other medicine but only hope " . At death 's door and he 's quoting Shakespeare . Captain 's Log , Stardate 2263.2 We searched the wreckage . He must have hidden it elsewhere . All we have is his crew , Krall . You will tell me where it is . Now ! No ! Stop ! Let him go and I will give you what you want . No , Syl , don 't ! Lieutenant , unity is not your strength . It is your weakness . We should wait until we 're absolutely sure . No , we have to get the crew back , now . Chekov has the coordinates that can lead us to Krall 's base , so we go . With respect , sir , how do we know that Krall was at the base when she called . And even if he was , we don 't know that the crew was with them . Or if they 're even still alive . Mr. Chekov , Can you reconfigure the search parameters in order to compensate for this formula ? Aye , Commander but , what is this forumla ? It is vokaya , Mr. Chekov . A mineral unique to Vulcan which emits a low-level radiation . I 'll have to filter out all other energy emissions . Spock , what the hell would a Vulcan mineral be doing way out here ? Where are you going with this ? Lt. Uhura wears a vokaya amulet which I presented to her as a token of my affection and respect . You gave your girlfriend radioactive jewelery ? The emissions is harmless , Doctor . But its unique signature makes it very easy to identify . You gave your girlfriend a tracking device ? That was not my intention . I 'm glad he doesn 't respect me . I am detecting a ( w ) ery trace of mount of ( w ) okaya . Does the location match the coordinates you acquired from Kalar , Mr. Chekov ? It is a match , sir . It 's presence suggest that Lt. Uhura and thereby the rest of the crew are being held at Krall 's base of operation . Can you beam them out ? No , sir , there is some geological interference that is blocking the transporter signal . Well I guess we 're gonna have to go in and break them out the old fashioned way . You cannot go to this place . Everyone who goes there , he kills . You 've been there ? You 've seen it ? Why didn 't you say something , lassie ? Because I knew you will ask me to take you there . If your friends are there , then they will die , just like my family . And I will not go back to that death place . Aye , but if you 've escaped , then you can show us the way in and the way out . No ! This is not the deal we made , Montgomery Scotty . If you choose to do this , you 're on your own . - Wait , wait . - Let her go . She 's lost people too , Captain . Look , that 's our friends out there lassie , right ? We cannae just leave 'em behind . Now , we could really use your help . We just need you to be brave , is all . When we were in that place , Krall would come and take someone . There were screams , I can still hear them . And we would not see that person again . We did not know who would be next . My father planned an escape . But we were seen by the ... by the one they call Manas . My father fought him so I could get out . He was brave and Manas killed him . What you want is impossible . Look , maybe it 's not . Right , my wee granny used to say : " ye cannae break a stick in a bundle " . You 're a part of something bigger now , lassie . Alright , dinnae give up on that , 'cause we 'll , sure as hell , never give up on you . That is what being part of crew is all about . Is that what you believe in , James T. ? All I know is , we stand a better chance with you . The digging machines uncover the tunnel that goes into the crater . That 's how I got out . So that 'll be our way in . The away team will beam to the other side of the tunnel , follow it to Krall 's base , get inside the building , break out the crew . Ah , Captain , we can not lock onto anyone inside the crater in order to beam them out . Or , I could rig up pulse beacons as pattern enhancers . - That 'll get the signal into the crater . - Alright . How many people can the Franklin transport at a time ? Ah , with a wee bit o ' modification , 20 max , but I 'm not sure how long it would hold out . Bones , Mr. Chekov , Jaylah , you 're with me in the away team . Mr Scott , modify that transporter then do everything you can to get this ship operational . Captain , Mr. Chekov 's technical acumen makes him more valuable aboard the Franklin with Mr. Scott . Is thereby logical that I would replace him . Why is that logical Spock ? You just got back on your feet . Lt. Uhura is in that facility , Jim . I 'll keep an eye on him . Understood . His soldiers are everywhere . We won 't pass unseen . What we require is a diversion . I think I have an idea . This is Abronath . It was used by the ancient ones as a weapon . But , when they could not control its deadly power they split it into two and ejected the halves into space , hoping it would be lost forever . But I am grateful . I have spent lifetimes searching for it , only to have you find it for me . The poetry of fate . The world that I was born into is very different from yours , Lieutenant . We knew pain , we knew terror . Struggle made us strong , not peace , not unity . These are myths the Federation would have you believe . Those are strong words . You might even believe them . But there 's something else going on with you . Something underneath . Wait . What are you doing with her ? You already got what you wanted , let her go ! No ! Manas , it 's time . The Federation has pushed the frontier for centuries , but no longer . This is where it begins , Lieutenant . This is where the frontier , pushes back . This way . Where is he ? I gotta admit , it 's a hell of a distraction . Your friends are over there . Come on . Let me deal with them . You 've brought us this far . Finish the mission , Krall . Go ! Commander , Uhura they took her . Get the remainder of the crew to safety . Come on , let 's go . Move ! - I 've got them , Mr. Scott . - OK , Mr. Chekov , increase the signal . We 're gonna grab them 20 at a time . - Aye . - Let 's hope this doesn 't get messy . Energize ! Spock ! What are you doing here ? Clearly , I am here to rescue you . Let 's go . Good to see you , wee man . You 'll die here as your father . Ten seconds until transporter 's recharged , doctor . Wait for my signal . - Doctor ! - Dammit man , we 're not leaving without 'em ! Come on , let 's go ! Move , move ! We are ready for an extract , just turn on your beacon . - Scotty , do you have everybody ? - Aye , sir . Everyone except you and Jeylah . Start the beacon and we 'll grab ya . They will leave you here . Captain , your beacon ! - There it is ! - Energize ! Jaylah ! OK , let 's never do that again . I agree , James T. You all right ? Captain , this thing he has ... Yorktown . He 's gonna destroy Yorktown . You take my house and you make it fly . Scotty , can you get this thing started ? Start it , yes . Flying sir , that 's a different thing . These old vessels , they were built in space . They were never supposed to take off from atmosphere . Make it happen . They 're called Starships , for a reason , Captain . You tell me this now ? Because I didn 't wanna disappoint ya . You know , in case ya didn 't make it back . How thoughtful , Mr. Scott . Captain . He 's launching . The attack on Yorktown may be just the beginning . Armed with this bioweapon , he could rid it of all life and use the base 's advanced technology to attack an untold number of Federation planets . We 're just gonna have to get this thing flying . Ach , we cannae just jump-start it , sir ! OK , all systems online . Dilithium chambers at 70 % and climbing . Primary subwarp engines standing by . Mr. Sulu . You can ... you know ... fly this thing , right ? You kidding me , sir ? Fantastic . Scotty , how are we looking ? Ready as she will never be , sir . That 's what I like to hear . Alright . Bones , where are we with the crew ? I could use a functioning med-bay but otherwise we 're secure down here . Mr. Sulu , we have to achieve terminal ( w ) elocity in order for the stabilizers to pro ( w ) ide lift . Are you sure this drop is high enough to do that ? We 'll find out . Call it , Mr. Sulu . Aye aye , Captain . Mr. Chekov , be ready to hit the forward stabilizers full , on my mark . One quarter impulse . Right . - One half impulse , Mr. Chekov . - Aye . We should belt up . Go on , go , go , go ! Easy , Mr. Sulu , let 's not break her , now . Anytime , Mr. Sulu ! Now , Mr. Chekov ! I have Def-alert on incoming vessel . No reply to all frequency ID requests . Visual . Red alert ! Red alert ! Look how far they 've come . I 'm picking up distress signals from every frequency coming from Yorktown . Krall 's already starting his attack . Mr. Scott , what kind of weapons do we have ? We have pulse-phase cannons and spatial torpedoes . Great , lock and load . It does not matter . You cannot defeat the bees . Maybe we lure them away . How do we get Yorktown , time to get people to safety ? We are coarse and buggy , compared to those things . We 're barely holding together , as it is , Captain . Captain . The flight patterns of bees are determined by individual decisions . Krall 's swarm formations are too complex not to rely on some form of unified cyberpathic coordination . - I surmize that if we ... - Spock . Skip to the end . What he 's saying is , that if we disorient the swarm , we can kick its ass ! Precisely . Scotty , can you beam me onto one of those swarm ships ? Have you gone completly mad ? - Yes or no ? - No ! Yes ... Maybe . Captain , my familiarity of the interior of those ships , however brief , makes me more qualified for this away mission . Spock , you 're still hurt . She 's right , Spock . I acknowledge and respect your concerns . Perhaps you would feel more confident if I were accompanied by someone with a familiarity of both the ship and my injury . He 's gonna love this . You want me to do what ? Come along , Doctor . Woah , wait a minute ! Why , you green-blooded ingrate ! This was your idea . It 's a good idea , Bones . You know , next time you have a piece of pipe stuck in your transverse , call a plumber ! Just make sure you find a way to break those things . If it gets hairy I 'll beam ya straight back . Energize . You 're gonna do great ! Dammit , Jim , I 'm a doctor , not a ... You do realize , the last time I fooled with one of these things we crashed ! So don 't blame me if we hit something . Spock , to Franklin . Spock , we read you . Captain , from what I can ascertain , the ships do indeed , share a cyberpathic link which coordinates their actions . Patching it through , now . That 's what their signal was . They weren 't jamming us , they were talking to each other . How do we get them to stop talking ? What about electromagnetic focusing ? We can use the transporters to disturb their network . Focus might be too specific . If we could plant some sort of disruptive communication signal inside the swarm , it might adversely affect their capacity to coordinate . It would have to be at a frequency they would not anticipate . We could cause a chain reaction that will wipe out the whole swarm . Sir , a closed network like that might be susceptible to very high frequency . VHF . Radio . We can broadcast something from the ship to drown out their links . Something loud and distracting . Loud and distracting ? I 've got just the thing ! Do not break my music . Break it ? ! It 'll get an upgrade . Swarm ships are 60 seconds from breaking through ! I just got to reconfigure the VHF output into a multiphasic sweep . - Let me do it . - Lassie , I 've been doing ... Let her do it . Alright , you do it . There , see ? Simple . Alright . Captain , we 're ready to broadcast . But the signal won 't travel far , we have to get closer . - How close ? - Very . Intercept course , Mr. Sulu . Put us right in the middle of that thing . - Yessir . My old friend . The swarm ships are doubling back they 're forming an attack wave , sir . I think we got their attention . Hold steady , Mr. Sulu . Brace yourselves , everybody . Spock , stand by to drop out of formation . - Scotty , you all cued up back there ? - Aye , sir . Ready to broadcast at 57.7 MHz . - Made your choice , lassie ? - I have the bees and shouting * . Let 's make some noise . ♪ ♪ [ Intro : Sabotage - Beastie Boys ] That 's a good choice . ♪ I can 't stand it I know you planned it ♪ But I 'm gonna set it straight , this Watergate ♪ I can 't stand rocking when I 'm in here ♪ Because your crystal ball ain 't so crystal clear Faster , Doctor , we risk being consumed by their trajectorial decay . Damn back-seat driver ! - Get ready , Doctor ! - I see it , I see it ! ♪ So listen up ' cause you can 't say nothin ♪ You 'll shut me down with a push of your button ? ♪ But I 'm out and I 'm gone ♪ I 'll tell you now I keep it on and on Is that classical music ? Yes , Doctor , it would seem to be . Lt. Uhura , make sure Yorktown has the frequency to broadcast . Sir , we now have the distrupion frequency . Broadcast ! ♪ Waaaahh ! ♪ Listen all of y 'all it 's a sabotage ♪ Listen all of y 'all it 's a sabotage You all right , Spock ? We are fine , Captain . But there are still three ships heading into Yorktown . That 's got to be Krall . Keep on him , Spock . Do whatever it takes to stop him from using that weapon . My house is breaking ! It must be polarization of the hull plating . I can redirect power from the dilithium chamber . I need help . I need you , Jaylah , let 's go ! Do not lose them , Doctor . You 're more than welcome to switch places with me , Spock . Captain , intercepting all three ships is an impossibility . Gimme a schematic of Yorktown . There . Yorktown headquarters . Mr. Chekov , can you do a bioscan of central plaza ? Aye . They 're clearing ci ( w ) ilians . Bones , there 's a city plaza coming up . You gotta make sure Krall heads for it . - Why ? - Just do it ! Sulu , get us up there ! Hold onto something ! - Great work , Bones . - Thanks , Jim . Now I just gotta figure out how to land . Captain , I have 3 hull breaches from the impact . Deck 3 , the cargo bay and the engine room . Alright , Sulu , Chekov , check the cargo bay and deck 3 . W need confirmation that the weapon has been neutralized and that Krall is dead . Captain . It 's Krall . We 've seen him do this . It 's a some kind of energy transference , it physically changes him . He must still be on board . We would 've seen him leave . Sulu , contact Yorktown security and lock down the ship . Let 's go . It 's about , damn , time ! Captain . - It 's about , damn , time ! - push the frontier ... - It 's about , damn , time ! - push the frontier ... - It 's about , damn , time ! - push the frontier ... It 's him . Scotty , I need you to link into the Franklin database . Find out what you can about Balthazar Edison . - What , the Captain of the Franklin ? - Yeah . Sir , he 'd be long dead . No he 's not . I don 't know how , but Edison is Krall . What 'd you find ? Well , his record goes back way before the Federation even existed . He was a Major in the United Earth Military Assault Command Operation . A lot of off-world combat . - He was a soldier . - Aye , sir , and pretty good one . His military service came to an end when MACO was disbanded . Why ? What happened ? The Federation , sir ; Starfleet . We 're not a military agency . They made him a captain and gave him the Franklin . - Scotty , bring up his logs . - Aye , sir . Captain 's Log ... Last record . Captain 's Log ... I don 't remember the Stardate . All distress calls , unanswered . Of the crew , only 3 remain . I won 't die * The indigenous race abandoned this planet long ago . They left behind sophisticated mining equipment and a drone workforce . They had some sort of technology that prolongs ... life . I 'll do whatever it takes for me and my crew . The Federation do not care about us . You 'll probably never see me again but if you do be ready . Why has he not used his weapon yet ? Because he wants to find somewhere to inflict maximum damage . He needs a distribution system . They have to circulate air here , right ? Aye , sir . There 's an atmospheric regulator in the core . Lieutenant , contact Yorktown make sure they shut it down until we find Krall . How would he access the core ? Well , there 's a maintenance tower at the station 's gravitational nexus . That 's the only way . Scotty , you get over there , make sure it gets shut down . Lassie , you 're with me . Look , this thing is impossible to shut down . Aye , well we 'll see about that . Mr. Scott , why is that thing still on ? We 're working on it , sir . But as you can imagine there 's a lot of safety protocols surrounding the thing that , you know , keeps everybody alive . Figure something out ! Be careful captain . Gravity is gonna get a bit screwy the closer you get to the center . Right , we should scan the operational schematics . See if there 's a backdoor . Lassie , I 'm gonna need your eyes . Strong * ! What happened to you , out there ? Edison . Edison ? I have to say , Kirk , I 've missed being me . We lost ourselves , but gained a purpose ! A means to bring the galaxy back to the struggle that made humanity strong . I think you underestimate humanity . I fought for humanity ! Lost millions to the Xindi and Romulan wars . And for what ? For the Federation to sit in the captain 's chair , and break bread with the enemy ! We change . We have to . Or we spend the rest of our lives fighting the same battles . You lost ! There 's no way you can make it back there . Give up ! What , like you did ? I read your ship 's log , Captain James T. Kirk . At least , I know who I am ! I 'm a soldier . You won the war , Edison . You gave us peace ! Peace ... is not what I was born into . - Scotty . - Captain . He 's using the gravitational slipstream to carry him back to the center . No ! - What 's that ? - Weapon 's in the chamber . Captain we have to stop the processor now , or everything breathing in Yorktown is dead . You can 't stop it . You will die . Better to die saving lives than to live with taking them . That 's what I was born into . - Scotty . - Captain , I think we can redirect it . There 's a sealed construction hatch that 'll let you vent the weapon into space . Now we can override the locks , from up here , but you have to activate the hatch . - I just have to hit a button . - It 's not a button , sir . It 's a silver lever under a white panel . - Got it . - And there 's 4 of them . Once you turn the hatch you have to exit the chamber immediately . If the hatch is open when the processors cycle and you 're in it , you 're gonna get sucked into space . What happens if the hatch isn 't open ? You 're gonna get sucked into a big fan , with the weapon . And we all die . Dammit , Jim , you won 't make it out in time . The vent . Get out of there , James T. Scotty , the last hatch won 't open . - Scotty . - Work fast , Captain , time 's running out . He 's not gonna make it . What would I do without you , Spock ? For decades , the Federation t 'ought that he was a hero . I guess time will judge us all . He just got lost . You saved this entire base , Kirk . Millions of souls . Thank you . It wasn 't just me . Never is . Needless to say the position of Vice-admiral , it 's yours . No one deserves it more . Vice-admirals don 't fly , do they ? No . They don 't . No offense , ma 'am but ... where 's the fun in that ? You didn 't even try to get our time out here reduced ? Why would I get it reduced ? Bones , we know our way through the nebula now . Can you imagine , what we 'll find ? Alien despots , hell-bent on killing us . Deadly space-borne , viruses and bacteria . Incomprehensible cosmic anomalies that could wipe us out in an instant . It 's gonna be so much fun . By the way , where 're we going ? I thought we 're here get a drink . I know you told me to keep it under wraps , but ... Happy birthday ! Mr. Sensitive ? - Here you go . - Thanks , Scotty . Everybody raise a glass to Captain James T. Kirk . - Captain Kirk . - Thanks , everybody . - To the Enterprise ... - To the Enterprise . ... and to absent friends . - Here 's to that . - Cheers . Alright , let 's get this party started . I thought you 've got to finish your mission report . I do . But I thought it would be more pleasing to engage with you socialy . You old romantic ! Do you know that scotch was actually in ( w ) ented by a little lady in Russia ? Excuse me . Did you drink all those yourself ? I 'm impressed . Someone said it will take my edge off . My edge is still not off . Right , well , maybe this 'll help . Captain pulled a few strings . That is acceptance into Starfleet Academy , if you want it . We have a lotta rules . Don 't listen to 'em all . Will I have to wear that uniform ? 'Fraid so . Hey , Keenser . Kevin , still not wearing pants , I see . I heard about Ambassador Spock . Is that what you wanted to mention that time in the turbolift ? More or less . I trust your meeting with Commodore Harris went well . More or less . You really wanna head back out there , huh ? Space , the final frontier . These are voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission to explore strange , new worlds to seek out new life and new ci ( w ) ilizations to boldy go where no one has gone before . ♪ Subtitles by ♪ AsifAkheir ☻ ♥
