 RED DWARF - S11E03 - GIVE TAKE In memory of J.H.S. SAS MBE - Now there was a lad . Lift coming , Sir . Come on , Come on ! Why are you always so slow ? ! I 've seen snails with clubbed feet travel faster than you . The French Army after lunch move quicker ! Not long now , Sir . I 'm picking up several strange energy signatures on B deck . I need a lift pronto to check them out . Just a drop-off on the living quarters and I 'll be with you in a flash , Sir . Will you really ? Or will you really be a really long time ? A really long time , Sir . So why not tell me that in the first place then ? I didn 't want to lose your custom . Who can you lose my custom to ? Our main rival , Sir - the stairs . They 've been doing really well this year . Where are you now ? I 've completed the drop-off at the living quarter 's deck , Sir now I 've just gotta trip up to the stasis booths . But I pressed first ! Right . That 's it . You are fired . You can 't fire a lift , Sir . I just have . How are you going to replace me ? With another lift from another shaft . I 'll get the scutters to transfer and install . Let me tell you , my lad-do , There are plenty of young , thrusting lifts around here who would give their eye teeth to transport someone of my stature up and down their shaft . Tell all lifts we 're interviewing for a new position in Shaft 14 . All applicants must be prepared to travel . Only lifts need apply . Come on . Lights ! Lister , you 've been in my bunk for two days now . Are you still hung over ? Go away , Rimmer . Turn off the lights . Look , we 've come across a space station , tech glitch in Sector Three , there 's an asteroid storm heading for it , it will be toast in five hours ! Let 's go ! Gimme a break , Rimmer . I 've been in bed for two days . I need to freshen up . All right . Good to go ! Come on ! What kind of space station is it , Krytes ? Any idea ? Well I don 't recognize it , Sir , but I must confess I did delete some files off my hard drive this morning to create more memory . Really ? Is that safe ? Oh , have no fear , Sir . I only trashed information I consider frivolous and idiotic . Without checking with me first ? And you are ... ? Go into your trash , you mental moron , and un-delete the Rimmer folder . You must have dumped me in there by mistake . That 's highly unlikely , whoever you are , but I 'll check anyway . Oh ! There 's a folder in here marked " Captain Bollocks " . Could that be you ? Captain Bollocks ? Is that what you call me behind my back ? To your face too , when you 're snoozing ! Just dragging it out of the bin and reinstalling . Oh , Sir ! I 'm so sorry ! How could I possibly ... Yes ! All right , moving on . Calling you Captain Bollocks ! Especially behind your back , and probably sniggering about it too - how could you not take offense ? ! Kryten , please . Let 's move on . Captain Bollocks ! Really ? ! It 's disrespectful and downright offensive , Sir . Just assure me I 'm fully reinstalled . Rest assured , Sir . You now have pride of place in my " R " section . Alongside " ringworm " and " rim shot " , Sir . Now remember , Sirs . The asteroid storm will destroy the station in five hours . Look , let 's split up into pairs . It will make things a whole lot quicker . As acting superior officer , I naturally get first choice . Don 't want you . Don 't want you . Why is there no one good here ? You get more choice in an Amish barbers . Kryten , You 're with me . Let 's move , people . If they ever decide to recognize service to toss pottery , he 'll be a Hall of Famer . I wonder why it 's called " Asclepius " . Ah . Presumably after the Greek god of medicine , Sir . Well , there 's that . Obviously . Obviously that . Yes , obviously . You think it 's that obvious ? Skeleton ! Check it out . My bet ? It 's dead . Why do skeletons never wear any clothes ? No wonder they all die . Probably pneumonia . All right , Male . Caucasian . Thirty one . And according to this , he was a Colonel Club cardholder - one chicken stamp away from a free Family Fun bucket . Man that thing 's accurate ! It 's weird . The DNA , on this knife handle , is identical , to the DNA in the body . Meaning this dude stabbed himself in the back ? Why would anyone do that ? ! Hey . Some notes here . Might give us a clue . If memory serves , Sir , Asclepius was a medi-bot , created in the late 23rd century , programed to perform all the procedures , both physical and mental on all known living organisms - the cutting-edge of droid technology . Looks like something out of an old sci-fi movie . It 's got to be so much more advanced than me , Sir . It 's got four buttons . Precisely ! Greetings . How can I be of service ? I am Standing Acting Senior Commanding Officer Arnold J. Rimmer of the J.M.C. mining ship Red Dwarf . Perhaps you could .. Sir , you haven 't introduced me . I beg your pardon . This is Kryten . He 's a sanitation droid - mainly toilets . He can also unblock drains , and is an absolute whiz when it comes to embarrassing stains . Sir , I merely asked you to introduce me , you didn 't have to big me up . Arnold J. Rimmer ? I do believe many years ago , I had the honor of serving one of your old crew mates , Flight Coordinator Ronald Littlewood . Sir , our quake timings are way out . We need to get back to Red Dwarf . I wonder , would you care to join us ? We have nothing in our science room remotely as sophisticated as you . Why , I would be honored , Kryten . Follow me . According to these notes , the guy 's name is Romero G. Gonzales , and he was a stasis booth engineer . Ah , Mrs. Robertson , we 're ready to start your procedure now . And this , must be Mrs. Johnson - the donor . No need to be frightened . There was a time I was a teensy , tiny , teeny-weeny bit ... MAD ! But not any more . Look . There 's my " all clear " . We gotta go . We 'll close the door behind us as we pedal out ! I can see you 're both quite ... nervous . Perhaps you need a little something to help you ... relax . Bazookoids ! There . That wasn 't so bad , was it ? Where are they ? Tracking them , Sir . Down here ! Sew , sew , sew your boat , gently as you dream , Merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life is such a scream ... Ah ! Mrs. Biddle . You 're a little early . Take a seat in the waiting room . I 'll show you where it is . Sir , let 's fire them up and get them out of here ! Move , Kryten . Go ! Go , go , go , go , go ! He 's coming around , Sir . Here he comes . Yes , he 's coming around ! I don 't remember drinking anything ! You were attacked , Sir . Remember ? Attacked ! I didn 't start it , and I wasn 't drunk . Well , I might have been drunk , but I didn 't start it . Well , I might have started it . I remember now ! How 's the Cat ? ! He 's in medi-bay four , Sir . He 's fine . And me ? Ah , the Cat - he 's 100 % tippity top , Sir ! Yeah , but what about me ? ! Prepare yourself , for a bit of a shock , Sir . What kind of a shock ? Well , if most shocks are about this size , this shock is more ... THIS size ! You have a problem with your kidneys , Sir . What kind of problem ? You don 't have any . That crazy droid organ-napped them . And when we Marined our way in to save you , friendly-fire took out the jar . And which particular friend caused this friendly fire ? Put it there , pal of mine . Where am I going to get new kidneys 3 million years into deep space ? ! Didn 't I tell you he 'd say that ? Hang on a minute . No kidneys ? How come I 'm not dead ? Well , I 've injected a homemade MTK chip into your bloodstream , Sir , which performs a function similar to the old dialysis machine of days gone by . All being well , you 'll be fine for ... uhm , Years ? Months ? Weeks ? Let 's not get bogged down in details , Sir . I 'm totally smegged , aren 't I ? Didn 't I tell you he 'd say that ? All is not lost , Sir . The perpetrator of this act of derangement was clearly some mentally unhinged droid / patient , who managed to escape his shackles . Mr. Rimmer and I , however , managed to obtain the services of a state-of-the-art medi-bot ! He 's a state-of-the-art medi-bot ? ! He 's only got four buttons ! He goes by the name of Asclepius . Asclepius ? Kryten , can we talk ? Just one moment , Asclepius . Or should that be " Mr. " Asclepius ? Actually , neither . Pardon my faux pas , Professor . Now , where was I ? Ah - one of Asclepius' many abilities is DNA re-writing If Mr. Cat were willing to donate one of his kidneys , Asclepius here could make his kidney compatible with your body . This is the Cat we 're talking about ! The one with the big black bog brush on his head . You 're expecting me to ask him for a kidney ? He 's never given anyone anything in his life . Wh-when we explain the importance , the idea of him being a donor might appeal . Kryten , read the cat dictionary . There 's only one meaning for " donor " . A kind of kabob . He 's a cat . He can 't help himself . He has his selfish side , But if it wasn 't for you , Sir , he wouldn 't exist - neither would his species . Plus , Sir , you 're buds . He 'll come through , of course he will ! Didn 't I tell you he 'd look like that ? Hey , hey , hey ! How ya doin ' , Bud ? ! They said you wanted to see me . Cat , take a seat . What have they told ya ? What 's to tell ? We all got out in one piece , right ? Right . Erm ... Listen , I 've got a really big favor to ask you . Go ahead , ask ! Forgive the interruption , Sir . I suddenly remembered you haven 't eaten . Here you go . Soup , a roll , and a vitamin booster . Great ! I 'm famished . But that was for ... I 'll get some more , Sir . I don 't want any more ! I just need a main course . And get me one of those drip things , like he 's got . Listen Cat , as I was saying ... And some Himalayan sea salt ! Listen Cat ... You wanted to ask me something ? Yeah . Look , I 'm not going to beat about the bush here , I 'm just going to come right out and say it . Just going to come right out and say it . I 'm not going to beat about the bush . I 'm just going to come right out and say it . In a minute . I need you to ... . give me ... . one of your kidneys . Kidneys ? ! This is fish ! Not the food , you doink - the organ ! That crazy droid organ-napped mine , then they got nuked in the gunfight . So let me get this straight ; I give you one of my kidneys , what do I get ? A hole . Where your kidney used to be . So , I give you a kidney , you give me a hole ? You keep the kidney , I keep the hole ? My gift to you . I tell you what , it 's not your kidneys that need replacing , it 's your damn brain ! Cat , if you don 't give me a kidney and I die , think how you 'll feel ! Better than you ! You know what , I think this is all a front from you . It 's just all a front . Because I know you . I know you . And when push comes to shove , you 'll do what 's right . W-well I won 't do what 's right ! I hate doing what 's right ! All these years being together , you think someone knows you ! You don 't know me at all ! Where 's that sea salt ! Do I have to do everything myself around here ? ! ? Ah . I thought you might be here . How can I be of service , Sir ? I 'd quite like to see you with regard to your ... psychiatric skills . I 've got some issues with my father , who I discovered wasn 't my father , Also , I 've got some issues with my mother , who very sadly is my mother . Also , I 've got brothers . I should probably sit down . But when I woke up in the morning , she was gone . And so was the lettuce . Why would anyone do that to my teddy bear ? And she was shouting at me ! More talcum powder , more talcum powder ! But I didn 't have any talcum powder ! Why did she get the green crayon ? So , what do you think ? You 've said nothing all session , and if you don 't say anything , how can I ever feel better about myself ? Unless , of course , you 're doing it deliberately . But why ? You want me , to realize the only person who can help me , is me ! My god , that 's just cut straight to the heart of it . No wonder they call you brilliant ! I confess I was skeptical at first , I think it was the egg-flipper thing that rotates on your head that put me off , but you are right - it 's about me , I 've got to look inside myself and find my own hero ! Is that " time up " ? Look , I 'll see you next session . Well , he said no . What are we going to do ? Well I 've got an idea . How 's your " lie mode " these days ? You still do that crazy , nervous stuttery thing ? Please , Sir . I am now fluent in all the deceptive arts . I could work for FIFA ! Ah , there you are , Sir . I 've been looking everywhere for you . There 's been the most t-t-t-t-t-t-terrible mix up with the m-m-m-medical results . Mix up ? ! Yes Sir . It 's not Mr.-m-Mr.-m-Mr. Lister who needs a new kidney , Sir - it 's you ! Me ? ! Yes Sir , you ! I 'll need a new kidney ? ! Y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-yes , Sir . I must go and tell Mr. Lister . He will be so pleased ! Hey , no-no-no-wait ! Slow down ! I need to see him first ! Hey there Buddy , I 've come to tuck you in ! Okay . Here I go , Tuck , tuck , tuck , tuck , tucky , tucky , tuck ! Tucky , tucky , tucky , tucky , tuck , tuck , tuck . Oh , by the way , I thought about what you said about the kidney thing ? And I thought ... What would you do if this whole situation was reversed ? You know what I 'd do . I 'd give you a kidney in ten seconds flat . That 's why I 'm going to give you one of my kidneys . No way ! It 's yours , Bud ! Just slice me open and haul it out . And while you 're in there , if you take a shine to anything else , just grab that , too ! You want 20 yards of my lower intestine ? Just unroll that sucker , throw it over your shoulder and stroll on out ! What 's mine is yours , and what 's yours is mine . Budskis ' til the day I get my first wrinkle , right ? ! Right . What 's this ? Consent form . You need to sign it . Well give me a pen . Let 's get this done ! 'Cause like you said , if the roles were reversed , you 'd be there for me , right ? Damn right . Uh , it 's just one " t " , right ? I knew that ! Oh , Mr. Lister , Sir . I scarcely know where to begin . Calm down , Bud ! Whatever 's wrong ? I got the kidney tests mixed up ! Nooo ! He got the kidney tests mixed up ! At first , I thought it was Mr. Lister who had no kidneys . But when I checked the results again , I discovered that it was you who had no kidneys , Sir . I 'm going to have to get myself a kidney then . But where ? But then I thought to myself , if you have no kidneys , how come you 're not dead ? Yeah . How come you 're not dead ? Why is that ? Well then I went and looked at the medi-results again , and blow me ! I discovered I hadn 't made a mistake after all . I beg your pardon ? Yeah . Mr. Lister needs new kidneys , not you , Sir . I 've got the form . I 've got it signed . Let 's get smocked up and do this . What 's that ? ! Pre-op injection , Sir . It will help you relax . Oh , I very much doubt that ! Asclepius , are you ready to rewrite the DNA ? Before we begin , what do you do when a bunch of people think you 're some Fancy Dan DNA medi-computer when , in fact , that 's not what you do at all ? What do you do ? Look on my back . " Snacky " . Automated snack dispenser . For service , please call ... there 's a number with a Milton Keynes dialing code . So where does this leave us ? Well , without a state-of-the-art medi-bot , we can 't rewrite the Cat 's DNA and his kidneys won 't be compatible . It 's like V.H.S. and Betamax - or the Catholic church and science . Kryten , when we were on that space station , we came across this skeleton , right . It was weird because the DNAon the knife was the same as the DNA in the body . Could this Romero guy have somehow been killed by his own clone ? And if so , can we clone me ? I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but Romero wasn 't killed by his own clone . Well who killed him , then ? He was a stasis engineer working on a project to hack stasis booths in order to create a portal back into the past . He used to talk about it with his colleagues when they were ordering snacks . One day , his future self appeared and told him to never go back in time , or he 'd be stabbed to death . The younger Romero refused to believe him , and stabbed him to death . He realized what a terrible thing he 'd done , so he went back in time to warn his younger self , but got stabbed to death . Could we use his research somehow ? You mean use Romero 's configuration to go back in time , and take the younger Mr. Lister 's kidney 's and insert them into you , Sir ? But wouldn 't his future self drop dead ? Not if we insert an MTK chip in him to keep him going , until he turns from younger Mr. Lister into present-day Mr. Lister ! How can you nick my internal organs with me not noticing ? We chloroform you , swipe your kidneys , and then you wake up feeling groggy , think you must have got black-out drunk - which you did ! You know , that 's right ! I blacked out , and then spent two days in bed feeling like the living dead . No offense . And I couldn 't understand it 'cause I could only remember having two drinks . But it wasn 't that - it was ' cause I had no kidneys , I only have the MTK chip keeping me alive ! You know , I believe we can do this , Sir ! How ? No one knows how to reconfigure the stasis booths . What about you ? I 'm a snack machine . Did you overhear Romero when he was talking about the adjustments ? But he only ever figured out how to go back 30 years . Going back just a few days needs precision accuracy . Well , you could build on his findings . I 'm just a snack dispenser . I just dispense snacks . But when we had our therapy sessions , you taught me how to find the hero inside myself . No , I didn 't . And you know why ? I-I 'm just a snack dispenser . Yes , you 're just a snack dispenser if you think you 're just a snack dispenser , but you 're not only a snack dispenser , you 're something more if you decide you want to be something more ! You taught me that in our first session ! I didn 't teach you anything . You know why ? ! ? Me , me , me , me ! I got this one ! Is it because you 're a snack dispenser ? I 'm a snack dispenser ! Let me ask you a few questions . How do you unify the triode valve ? You reduce the transmoculiter ? settings . Yes ! Did you know that ? No . It 's just a long word . It 's good enough for me . What does G.F.R. stand for ? Gyrospectic functioning rate . You 're right . Perhaps I can do this . Okay . Get me to the nearest stasis booth . There . That should do it . All right then . Let 's do this ! Oh ! Before we do , can I have a pack of twirly-whirlers ? Please . I 'm a stasis booth engineer . You 've changed . It 's Sunday ! It worked ! The MTK chip is expiring , Sir . We haven 't got much time ! Tough as old boots . What now ? We 've got to return that Lister to the sleeping quarters and then get this Lister back to the present . Where he can recuperate in the science room and get back to full health . Someone 's coming ! It 's crucial we 're not discovered by our old selves . It could discombobulate the entire space-time continuum ! Quick ! In here ! Where to , Sirs ? The sleeping quarters , and make it snappy . Lift coming , Sir . Come on , come on ! Why are you always so slow ? ! I 've seen snails with clubbed feet travel faster than you . The French Army after lunch move quicker ! Sir , your past self is calling for the lift . Don 't tell him anything . You 'll blow the time line . He 's getting really angry , Sir . Ignore him . He 's an idiot . But he 's you ! He 's " past " me . " Present " me is a whole lot smarter . I understand now why you were so slow . You were transporting us , but you couldn 't tell me . He 's threatening to fire me , Sir . How can you fire a lift ? What is wrong with him ? He 's a total gimboid . Look , I 'll make it right when I 'm back in the present . I 'll un-fire you . Promote you , even . Install you in that swanky glass shaft over on the officer 's deck . How does that sound ? Officer 's deck ? That sounds marvelous , Sir ! I 'll get the other one ! Lights ! Wait for me ! A couple of days recuperating in the science room , Sir and you 'll be right as rain . So I 'm going to be okay ? And so will the past you , whose kidneys you body-napped to give to yourself . Where would I be without me . Probably sat here without any kidneys . Whereas now , I 'm sat there without any kidneys . Good ' ol me , eh ? Ah , hello Rimmer . Remember me ? Of course ! They moved you down to Shaft 6 ? Three weeks I 've been waiting for that promotion you promised me . Yeah . That sort of slipped my mind . I 've got some news . Snacky 's installed a new killer power reactor to my counter balance , which means I can now travel between floors at close to the speed of light . I haven 't tested it yet , though . I 've been waiting for you , Rimmer . Close to the speed of light ? I 'm going to take you on the ride of your life . Now hang on ! No . You hang on .
