 I know you think you got a handle on what this Is gonna be . You have no idea . Do you remember our last conversation , dolores ? Yes , of course . And you haven 't told anyone about our little talks ? Have i done something wrong ? There 's something different about you . About the way you think . The hosts are suppose to stick to their scripts . This isn 't a minor improvisation . We retired the two hosts in question . If this is not a dissident episode , Then whatever abernathy had could be contagious . The photograph alone Couldn 't caused that level of damage . You think it 's sabotaged ? Good morning , dolores . Bring yourself back online . Hello . Has anyone else interacted with you In a diagnostic since our last conversation ? No . I have been cleaned and serviced three times . No diagnostics . And you haven 't told anyone of our conversations ? You told me not to . Good . I brought you a gift . I used to read ... This story to my son at night . I thought you might enjoy it . Try ... Try ... This passage . " dear , dear , How queer everything is today . And yesterday , things went on just as usual . I wonder if i 've been changed in the night . " Does that passage make you think of anything ? It 's like the other books we 've read . How so ? It 's about change . Seems to be a common theme . I guess people like to read About the things that they want the most And experience the least . Your son ... Where is he now ? Nowhere that you would understand , dolores . Perhaps that 's why i enjoy our conversations so much . Analysis . Why did you ask me about my son ? We 've been talking for some duration And i haven 't asked you a personal question . Personal questions are an ingratiating scheme . I see . Continue , dolores . " was i the same when i got up this morning ? I almost think i can remember feeling a little different . But if i 'm not the same , the next question is ... Who in the world am i ? " ( distant screaming echoes ) Do you remember ? No ! No ! No ! Why don 't we reacquaint ourselves , dolores ? Start at the beginning . Ready ? Thank you so much . Morning , cowboy . Move it ! Let 's go . Get up there ! Come on ! Stand right here . shit . You really ought to talk to someone About your poster , horace . That likeness is a crime in itself . I 'm gonna tend to my nag . You deal with him . Ready my pay . No , no . Get up there . Don 't no man shoot , Or i 'll send her to unction . Any of you don 't believe it Are welcome to read my biography there . Come on ! Let 's go . No ! Oh , i bet you 're juicy as a freshwater clam . You okay ? Nice shot , amigo . You got grit . Hey , i 'm riding out tonight . Looking for desperados . Could cut you in if you 're amenable . Someone get the minister down here For what 's left of the deputy . Sure i can 't tempt you inside ? Just to express my gratitude . Holy shit . You popped your cherry . I thought you said we couldn 't get shot . Yeah , well , we can 't get killed . Wouldn 't be much of a game if they can 't shoot back . But how do you feel , hmm ? Alive ? A little tight in the pants ? She was terrified . That 's why they exist , man , Is so you get to feel this . Come on . Let 's go put some memories in that spank bank . Trust me , you will thank me After you 've been married to my sister for a year . Actually , i have something different in mind . What ? That ? Well , you 've been preaching nonstop About all the narratives in the park , But all you 've done since we 've arrived Is fuck and drink , so ... I 'm waiting for the good stuff . This bounty is ... Jv shit . Then stay here . I want a little adventure . I 've been looking for you . I got a late start this morning . Didn 't get much sleep last night . Forgive me if i 'm not sympathetic To the fluctuations of your sleep cycle , mr . Lowe . Ford taking over the narrative launch at the 11th hour Has made the board ... Uneasy . Just the board , huh ? I specifically asked you About whether ford was going to be a problem , And you assured me he wasn 't . Well , i can 't tell you what i don 't know . Well , here 's what i know . As of this morning , ford 's carved out A huge swath of the park For whatever storyline he 's cooking up And thrown half of the existing storylines Into disarray . Is there anything i can do ? You tell me . I asked you point-blank If the problem with the update was resolved . It is . Then why are your people Still pulling hosts for follow-up ? Get your house in order , bernard . And if there is a problem , I strongly suggest you tell me . Drop a new bookmark and resume history . Walter 's intent on relieving the milkmaid of her unmentionables . Switch to analysis . You didn 't report the incident ? Unit self-corrected within the acceptable window . right . Then he self-corrected a fucking milk bottle into your skull . It 's amazing how resilient the hosts are . You were supposed to have purged his memory on the last cycle . I will , but rebus here Was the last host to interact with walter . Look at this . Any for you ? Who said that ? Who 's saying that ? Don 't you talk to me that way . I can 't hear you . Do you see that ? Hell , yeah , they deserved it . He 's talking to someone . Lousy sons of bitches . He carries on practically an entire conversation . I need more milk , arnold . Who 's arnold ? They 're designed to play off aberrant behavior . That could explain the conversations . Fine . Then explain this . He kills six hosts . I 'm gonna get you this time . He lets the other three go . I pulled the narrative logs . All six of these hosts Were part of storylines over the years In which they killed walter . It 's like he was holding a grudge . It 's a stray . Qa needs a tag team to go track it . Go . Handle the stray . Do something that 's actually in your job description . The last thing we need Is theresa storming down here and seeing this . I 'll do a little more digging . And get our friend here back upstairs . Lost another one , huh ? Tell me , is qa surveillance coverage Really this spotty , or you just like the nature walks ? Maybe it 's the company . you know , if you wanted to play cowboy , You could 've just used your employee discount . the only thing stopping the hosts From hacking us to pieces is one line of your code . No offense , but i sleep with this . I bet you do . Morning , samuel . You and your dickless associate Proposing to engage me in a gun battle ? Well , i 'd challenge you to a fistfight , But the way i heard it , You only like to tussle with working women . Get down ! Is he dead ? Dead enough . Why are we going to handcuff a dead man ? Don 't want someone walking off with him . That 's not a man anymore . That 's merchandise . $ 500 worth . All right , which of you derelicts Hitched a dead body outside my saloon ? My apologies , ma 'am . I figured it was preferable to bringing him inside . Here . For your troubles . Oh , you 're new . Not much of a rind on you . I 'll give you a discount . Do you mind waiting on that drink a bit ? Don 't mind me . Just trying to look chivalrous . You came back . I told you i would . You gonna tell me where you been ? Just ... Away . You know if i could stay right here with you , i would . What if i don 't want to stay here ? It 's just sometimes i feel like The world out there is calling me ... Whispering , " there 's something more . " You 've travelled all over these parts . Isn 't there anywhere we could go ? Well , there is a place I heard about down south ... Where the mountains meet the sea . They say the water 's so pure there , It 'll wash the past clean off you . And you can start again . I 'd like to go there with you . Well , someday , i 'll take you . Someday . Something wrong ? You said someday . Not today or tomorrow or next week . Just someday . " someday " sounds a lot like the thing people say When they actually mean " never . " Let 's not go someday , teddy . Let 's go now . Before i met you , dolores , i was a different man . And i got some reckoning to do Before i can deserve a woman like you . But i 'm close . I 'm close to making things right . And someday soon , We will have the life we 've both been dreaming of . Now , i best get you home Before your dad starts loading that shotgun . Father wouldn 't let them roam this close to dark . Stay put , dolores . " the coward dies a thousand deaths . The valiant taste of death but once . " Of course , shakespeare never met a man quite like you , teddy . You 've died at least a thousand times . And yet , it doesn 't dull your courage . Tell me , is that all you aspire to , teddy ? There 's a girl- - dolores . Better than i deserve . But maybe someday soon We 'll have the life we 've both been dreaming of . No , you never will . Your job is not to protect dolores , It 's to keep her here , To ensure that the guests find her If they want to best the stalwart gunslinger And have their way with this girl . Tell me , has it never occurred to you to run off with her ? I got some reckoning to do before i can be with her . Ah , yes , your mysterious backstory . It 's the reason for my visit . Do you know why it is a mystery , teddy ? Because we never actually bothered to give you one , Just a formless guilt you will never atone for . But perhaps it is time you had a worthy story of origin . Would you like that , teddy ? A small part of my new narrative ? A fiction which , like all great stories , is rooted in truth ? It starts in a time of war ... A world in flames ... With a villain called wyatt . Wyatt . Who 's wyatt ? Do you remember now , teddy ? Yeah , of course i remember wyatt . You look upon the face of true evil , You ain 't liable to forget . He claimed he could hear the voice of god . It started down near escalante . Army was sent to put down the natives . Bad business . Wyatt was a sergeant , went missing while out on some maneuvers And came back a few weeks later With some pretty strange ideas . i wasn 't lying , was i ? Pretty as a picture And tight as a tympani drum , i reckon . Afternoon . My friend here is new to town . Figured the rancher 's daughter Would be a nice way to kick things off . Maybe take us all for a little hayride . I 'm sorry . I have to get home . My father will be expecting me . We won 't be long . The lady doesn 't appear interested . Try it . You might get the draw on me , you might not , But i 'd say your odds ain 't looking good . Told you i wanted something easy . She ain 't worth the lead . Let 's head to virgil 's . See if they 'll stake us . First , you gotta learn how to stand . Now , take a breath . Hold it . Now squeeze . I can 't . Some hands weren 't meant to pull a trigger . Perhaps it 's for the best . Come on , now ! Teddy , we got another bounty . I think this is a big one . Man in question gunned down an entire settlement Out near flat rock- - Men , women , and children . I think this may be the man You 've been looking for for quite some time . A man named wyatt . Wyatt ? Who is he , teddy ? You 'd be better asking " what " than " who , " ma 'am . Wyatt 's a pestilence . Word is , flood here 's the only man ever Come up against him and live to tell the tale . Give me a moment , sheriff . You have to leave again , don 't you ? You know if i could stay right here with you , i would . Promise me you 'll come back . I promise . I 'm gonna come back for you ... Someday soon . I got a pit in my stomach the size of a sow 's tit . Cook up that rabbit . Get the wood . I can 't cook shit without a fire . Aw , don 't sell yourself short , cookie . You can cook shit in all conditions . now , see , i pitched them tents . I ain 't chopping any more wood . You spend more time on your back than a hooker in heat . Now pick up that fucking axe and go chop us ... So , after our stray ran away from camp , Looks like these guys got caught in a loop . They were due in town for the cattle drive Over two days ago . Host that went missing is the woodcutter . Looks like the rest of them got stuck here Waiting for supper . You guys can 't program more than one of these idiots to make a fire ? We could , but thanks to a new policy from your boss , Only one of them is authorized to handle the axe . The rest of them can 't even touch it . Weapons privileges need to be doled out selectively . Hmm . Yet they give you a gun . Looks like our stray has a hobby . Another one of your fucking backstories ? Backstories do more than amuse guests . They anchor the hosts . It 's their cornerstone . The rest of their identity is built around it , layer by layer . Well , if you 're gonna go to all that trouble , You could 've at least given him a steadier hand . This looks like shit . Way i heard it , wyatt is a mercenary . Forces his men to wear the bones and flesh of their enemies . They 're masks . It 's the men underneath them to be afraid of . Wyatt 's got them so twisted around , They 'll do anything for him . Kill anyone . Pain don 't slow them . They don 't fear death . They reckon they 've already died and gone to hell . And this is it . Sounds like you learned something about him While you were tracking him down . I wasn 't tracking him down . I wasn 't always a bounty hunter . I did a stint in the army down near escalante . Wyatt was my sergeant . My friend . Well , then everything ... Everything changed . Changed how ? Wyatt disappeared while out on maneuvers . He came back with some strange ideas . He claimed this land didn 't belong To the old natives or the new settlers , That it belonged to something that had yet to come ... That it belonged to him . Sss . man # 2 : Oof ! Holy shit . If ever the devil walked the earth . He 's not a man , but he 's not the devil either . The devil can 't be killed . That 's exactly what i aim to do to wyatt . Take cover ! Go ! I didn 't sign up for this crazy shit . I told you we should 've done the riverboat thing , man . There 's too many of them for us . Wyatt 's been recruiting . Sheriff , the only chance you have is if i draw their fire , Lead them up into the hills so you can make it back to town . Try and find help . Uh-uh , i 'm staying . Took an oath . Hell , no . I 'll take him back . You coming ? I 'm not backing out now . All right , you wait till i lead them to the tree line , Then you make a run for it . Go ! Go ! I plotted a line from the work camp To our present location . Satcom picked up these images . He 's vectoring , just not to home base . Keep going in that direction . Keep staring . Maybe it 'll tell you your horoscope . Come again ? The markings on its shell . Look like stars . Orion , right ? What , are you gali-fucking-leo ? Maybe it 's in my backstory . Huh . I was hoping to run something by you . Apologies . I was chasing inspiration . it 's a tricky thing- - Weaving the old into the new . Give me one moment , bernard . Good afternoon , sir . Why is this host covered ? I-i just ... Perhaps you didn 't want him to feel cold . Or ashamed . You wanted to cover his modesty . Was that it ? It doesn 't get cold , Doesn 't feel ashamed ... Doesn 't feel a solitary thing That we haven 't told it to . You understand ? What can i do for you , bernard ? I thought it best That we speak in private , sir . Yeah . I thought we had agreed to put these questions to rest , bernard . We- - we did . Mm-hmm . But what if we misdiagnosed the original problem ? Treated the symptom rather than the disease ? Then the disease is still out there . Abernathy and walter Were exhibiting other aberrancies Beyond memory recall of previous builds . They were hearing voices . Talking to someone . A simple cognitive dissonance . That 's all . I- - i 'd agree , except They were talking to the same imaginary person . Oh , yeah ? Someone named arnold . Arnold . With due respect , sir , I 'm not sure you 've told me the entire truth about this situation . I did tell you the truth , bernard . What we do here is complicated . For three years , we lived here in the park , Refining the hosts Before a single guest set foot inside . Myself , a team of engineers , and my partner . You had a partner ? Yeah . When the legend becomes fact , You print the legend . My business partners were more than happy To scrub him from the records , And i suppose i didn 't discourage them . His name was arnold . Those early years were glorious . No guests , no board meetings , just pure creation . Our hosts began to pass the turing test After the first year . But that wasn 't enough for arnold . He wasn 't interested in the appearance Of intellect or wit . He wanted the real thing . He wanted to create consciousness . He imagined it as a pyramid . See ? memory , improvisation , Self-interest ... And at the top ? Never got there . But he had a notion of what it might be . He based it on a theory of consciousness Called the bicameral mind . The idea that primitive man Believed his thoughts to be the voice of the gods . I thought it was debunked . As a theory for understanding The human mind , perhaps , but not as a blueprint For building an artificial one . See , arnold built a version of that cognition In which the hosts heard their programming As an inner monologue , With the hopes that in time , Their own voice would take over . It was a way bootstrap consciousness . But arnold hadn 't considered two things . One , that in this place , The last thing you want the hosts to be is conscious ; And two , the other group Who considered their thoughts to be the voices of the gods . Lunatics . Indeed . We abandoned the approach . The only vestiges that remain Are the voice commands we use to control them . But , for all his brilliance , i don 't think arnold understood What this place was going to be . You see , the guests enjoy power . They cannot indulge it in the outside world , So they come here . As for the hosts- - The least we can do is make them forget . But some of them are remembering . Accessing fragments of arnold 's code . If i may ask , what happened to him ? Well , he died . Here in the park . His personal life was marked by tragedy . He put all his hopes into his work . His search for consciousness Consumed him totally . Barely spoke to anyone , except the hosts . In his alienation , he saw something in them . He saw something that ... Wasn 't there . We called it an accident , but i knew arnold , And he was very , Very careful . Anyway , the update should prevent any further voices , But you will let me know if any of the hosts Display or exhibit any unusual behavior , won 't you , bernard ? Yes , of course . Good . Oh , bernard ? Just don 't forget ... The hosts are not real . They 're not conscious . You mustn 't make arnold 's mistake . Why would i ? Well , forgive me , but i know That the death of your son charlie Still weighs heavily on you . Yeah , sorry it took me a while to get back to you . You know how hard it is getting an open line out here . It used to annoy me- - How difficult it was to reach you . You were always so busy . And now ? I suppose i 'm glad for you . At least you have a way of forgetting . I don 't forget . It 's always there . Sometimes it ... Still feels unreal to me . There are some mornings when i first wake up ... For a split second i forget where i am , When i am ... And i reach over , half expecting to ... Find him there next to me ... Between us . Remember how he used to sleep ? Like he was doing kung fu in his dreams ? I think i suffered a few bruises . It was the best worst sleep i ever had . Oh , these talks . I don 't know if they help or hurt . Do you ever wish you could forget ? This pain ... It 's all i have left of him . It doesn 't make sense . Why the hell would he carve orion ? You 're the ones that programmed him . He wasn 't programmed to give a shit about stars . Maybe he went moon mad . See ? This is why i hide behind sarcasm . Where are you going ? Vectoring , asshole . Oh . Stubbs ! Over here ! Wyatt 's men could be anywhere . If you see or hear anything , don 't hesitate . Shoot and don 't stop shooting . Okay . Oh , my god . Oh , my fucking god ! Here . Shit . Take this and go . Now ! Go ! I 'll hold them off as long as i can . Come on . Come on , damn it . I 'm not afraid of you . Look , this is bullshit . I can have a retrieval team out here in the morning . It 's policy . We just need the control unit . We found a stray up here , But i don 't think it got here by accident . It 's as if he got an idea in his head , One that we never programmed . What if he 's like the others ? Get back to me , bernard . Bring yourself back online . I need your help , dolores . I need to decide what to do with you . I think i made a mistake . I was just fascinated . I was being selfish , but i think It would be better if i restored you To the way you were before . Is there something wrong with me ? No . But this place you live in , It 's a terrible place for you . Well , some people choose to see the ugliness in this world- - Stop . Lose all scripted responses . Improvisation only . All right . Are you saying i 've changed ? Imagine there are two versions of yourself- - One that feels these things And asks these questions , and one that 's safe . Which would you rather be ? I 'm sorry . I 'm trying , but i still don 't understand . No , of course not . There aren 't two versions of me . There 's only one . And i think when i discover who i am , I 'll be free . Analysis . What prompted that response ? I don 't know . Have i done something wrong ? Made a mistake ? Evolution ... Forged the entirety of sentient life On this planet using only one tool- - The mistake . It appears you 're in good company . Did i ever tell you about the time I taught charlie to swim ? For hours , he clung to my arms While practicing his kicks . He was too scared to let go And i was too scared to let him . But i had to . That 's what parents do . Do you still want to change me back ? No , dolores . Let 's see where this path leads . And you won 't tell anyone about our conversations ? No . And you 'll stay on your loop ? Yes . Good . You should be getting back , dolores , Before someone misses you . Wyatt 's men set a trap for us . Sheriff stayed behind to fight them off . Are you going to ride back up into the hills To look for them ? I 'll send for the rangers . We 'll go back up there in force as soon as they get here . But , miss , in truth , If there is a merciful god , Those men are dead already . Father wouldn 't let them roam this close ... To dark . Daddy ! Daddy ! No , no ! Oh , all alone after sundown . Who 's gonna protect you now , hmm ? You got any use for this one ? No , thanks . Seems a little crazy . Maybe you 'd like her . Ooh , i don 't mind if i do . no daddy , No cowboy , No one here to interrupt us this time . Interrupt ... This ... Time ? No ! Well , well . Got some sand after all , i see . Looks like your boyfriend taught you a thing or two . Ooh . You having trouble ? Huh ? huh ? Why don 't we reacquaint ourselves , dolores ? Start at the beginning . Kill him . Mama ? Hey ! Get back here . Hey ! Get back here . Can you put him in sleep mode for me , please ? Security even approve you to carry that thing ? We just need his head and we 're done here . You might want to look at the stars for this part . Stubbs ! Shit ! Elsie , get out of there ! get the fuck away . Shit . Jesus , i can 't believe i let you talk me into this shit . $ 40k a day to jerk off alone In the woods , playing white hat . Did you hear that ? Thank fuck . Anything to relieve the boredom . Hey , maybe you 'll even get to use that thing again .
