 RED DWARF S11-E05-KRYSIS In memory of J.H.S. SAS MBE - Now there was a lad . Ow ! Ah ! Ow ! Lister , it 's six in the morning , what are you doing ? ! I 'm just trimming my big toe with these lawn edge trimmers . So you 've finished Kierkegaard 's The Concept of Irony then ? I 've got an ingrown toenail , Rimmer . It 's killin ' me , man . Thank it for me . I 've tried everythin ' . Scissors , nail file ... Why don 't you get Kryten to do it for you ? Have you seen the size of his hands ? They 're like space shovels . It would be like asking Herman Munster for a circumcision . No thanks ! Speaking of ... Breakfast , Sir . Kryten , it 's six o 'clock in the mornin ' ! We moved the clocks forward today , Sir . And remember last year when it was time to move the clocks forward and you wanted another hour in bed ? So you asked if I could move the clocks forward an extra hour the following year instead ? Well , we 've actually been doing that now for the last seven years . So in actuality , according to space adjusted time , It is now two in the afternoon . Which means , breakfast time ! I 'll just tuck this napkin in for you , Sir . Thank you . There we go . And I 'll just fluff this pillow up a bit . Fluff , fluff , fluff . There we go , Sir . Is there anything you don 't do for him ? When he goes to the loo , do you fit a special hand made from three-ply toilet tissue ? That 's an excellent suggestion , Sir . I 'll make a note ! Actually , you 're all right , Kryte ! Um , what 's for breakfast ? The Full Lister , Sir . Ahhh , the Full Lister ! Eggs , bacon , sausages , hash browns , onions , six slices of white toast , double-buttered on both sides with mustard . And a beer milkshake to wash it all down with ! Ta-da ! Oh , Sir ! I 'm so sorry ! I must have forgotten to make it . What is wrong with me ? Ah , you 're all right , Kryten . Are you okay ? How could I be so stupid ? ! Stupid , stupid , stupid ? Stupid , stupid , stupid ! ? You talkin ' about me ? Krytes isn 't feeling too good . Oh . What 's up , brother mine ? I 've been a little distracted of late . I think I might have lost something that 's fundamental to my very being . One of your nipple nuts dropped off again ? It 's nothing like that , Sir . I think I 've lost my love of mopping . And not just mopping . Scrubbing , dusting , even wiping ! Which is always my favorite . It 's like a little light 's gone out inside . Kryten , it 's called your sanity circuit . What 's brought all this on ? Well , just recently I 've started thinking about the universe . About how cosmic inflation of the time of the Big Bang means it 's constantly expanding , until one day , it 's going to burst ! And when it does , everything in the universe is gonna cease to exist ! Including the works of the greatest minds . Einstein , Mozart , Da Vinci , Hoover , Dyson , Hotpoint , Dust Buster ! And it got me thinking : If everything in the universe is going to end , including time itself , what is the point in cleaning above eye level ? ! Good question . If , one day , the universe is going to explode , who cares if the oven is a bit gunky ? Nothing matters , Sir . Justice , truth , culture , morality , life , death , religion , war - It 's all absurd . Why even get up in the morning ? I 've been asking that for years ! What am I going to do ? Why don 't you take an ice-cold shower . That 'll fix it ! I 'm not waterproof , Sir . Exactly . Kryten , what about Silicon Heaven ? Does that bring you no comfort ? Well , just lately , I 've started to think that the idea of an after-life for machines is preposterous . No ! Well , especially as appliances who are pledged to the wrong manufacturer aren 't even allowed in ! It just seems so unfair that all the BlackBerries burn in Silicon Hell . What 's eating you , Bud ? I 'm not sure , Sir . Perhaps it 's something to do with today being the anniversary of my creation ? Happy Creation Day , Bud ! Yeah , Happy Creation Day ! I came off the conveyor belt 2,976,000 years ago today . Where did all the years go ? What 's got into him ? Wait a minute . How old did Kryten say he was ? Three million ? Give or take an ice age or two ? And how long are mechs built to last before the Grimm Ruster comes along ? Another 3 million ? Give or take an ice age or two ? Well there 's your answer , then . Kryten 's having a mid-life crisis . What even is a mid-life crisis ? I don 't think us cats ever get ' em . It 's a period when people , usually half way through life , are forced to confront their own mortality . Put it this way , have you ever felt : " I 've wasted my life . " You ? ! Sure ! Every single day ! No . Have you ever felt you 've wasted your life ? No ! Have you felt " There 's so much more I could have been ? " Noooo ! Have you ever felt that " If I went back in time and had my time again I 'd ... " F-forget it . I suppose you can 't blame Kryten for feeling like this , he 's nearly 3 million years old , and what does he got to show for it ? Mozart was five when he wrote Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star . Yeah , but what did he do after that , huh ? He got a bad case of " Sick of Nursery Rhyme Syndrome " right ? Mozart , Dummy , is one of the greatest musical gods of all ... music ! And after " Twinkle " , he went on to write , among other things , the Best of Mozart ! And , the Best of Mozart Volume Two ! It must be so hard for you being the only one here with a classical education . It is ! Kryten ? What have you done to yourself ? ! What do you think ? It 's the new DX-87 shell . Carbon fiber , Rosso Corsa red , Alcantara trim , with twin exhausts ! It has a top walking speed of get this , twelve miles an hour ! And you should see how this hoochie takes corners . It is pip-tacular ! Plus , with the new push-rod suspension system , allowing my nose to be lower to the ground , I can take corners at 38 degrees ! Kryten , Sit down . We wanna talk to ya . Check this . Kryten , do you know what a mid-life crisis is ? Sure do-ski . It 's a period of emotional turmoil in the middle of life . Symptoms are usually unexpected anger , a loss of interest in things once considered important , and a desire to try to recapture your youth ! Now , check out these sub-woofers ! You feel that bass ? Is that not some serious bump ? ! I 'm feeling it ! I 'm feeling it ! We should play this on the Nova 5 ! Yeow ! Yeah ! Turn that thing off ! Kryten ! You 're having a mid-life crisis . That 's preposterous . I 'm a mech ! Denying you 're having a mid-life crisis is a key characteristic of having a mid-life crisis . It is ? ! How long we 're gettin ' an earring ? A red sports car ? An interest in extreme sports ? I need time to think about this . Perhaps I 'll go bungee jumping in the lifts shaft and mull it over . I wonder why I 'm so attracted to bungee jumping all of a sudden . Yes , he 's having a full-on mid-life crisis . Next thing , he 'll be leaving us for a younger crew ! Look . We need to help him . What do you suggest ? A lunar road trip herding vacuum cleaners ? We 've got to show him how much he 's evolved , whats he 's achieved . He hasn 't achieved anything because he spends all his time looking after you ! Oh , get out of town Rimmer . He 's been independent ever since I helped him break his programming . Yes , independent - to look after you ! Okay , how about this , Remember years ago , that tech we took from the Nova 5 ? Kryten 's old ship ? Yeah , didn 't they have some special " find " fleet software ? So the ships could locate each other ? What you 're suggesting is we find one of badly damaged Apostle-head 's old ships ? We find one with a mech on board - it 'll show Kryten how much he 's evolved . How long will that take ? Well , once the scanners have located a ship , it will be no time at all , 'cause we 'll go into stasis til we get there . Are we there yet ? Let me check . Right . Got it ! There 's a ship , 222 klicks from here . Name ? Nova 3 The 3s were launched 100 years before the Nova 5s Any life signs , Sir ? One . Mechanoid 3000 series . Goes by the name of " Butler " . What 's his ship doing out here ? Well , according to the mission log , they were looking for a missing research station . It was attempting to communicate with the universe . Back in the day , there used to be a theory , now dismissed as preposterous , that the universe was an intelligent entity . Bet you 're really looking forward to meeting Butler . He 'll probably be unable to lie , won 't he , Sir ? Or cheat , deceive , brag , boast , whinge , exaggerate , or be proud , pompous , or self-important . In fact , he won 't be able to do any of the things I 've taught you . Thinking back , I see now , I 've had such a privileged upbringing . Aw , Krytes ! It 's going to be like when you discover someone from school is doing really badly . It always gives you that lovely , warm , fuzzy feeling inside . In fact , I 've got a list I carry around in my man purse of all the kids doing worse than me . Short list , is it ? Derrick Smitherton . He was our head boy . Won every prize going . Dated all the best-looking girls . But he ended up as a bald divorcee . Working in a sewage treatment plant in the Falkland Islands . And they say there 's no God . Butler ! Kryten . How lovely to meet you . Follow me and I 'll escort you to our bridge . Oh , you have a bridge ! How very quaint . Back on the Nova 5 , we have a command room . Oh , how grand . Our bridge is nothing very special , I 'm afraid . I hope you don 't mind , but I prepared some canapes I thought you might be peckish after your journey . So , we have bleu blanc coeur , rilletts de menthe , Or , if you prefer , Baklan-cini bruschettes with a tomato balsamic reduction . Mmm yum ! I 'll match that yum and raise you a yum and make it yum , yum ! I hope you like vintage champagne ? Krug Clos Du Mesnil 2140 . Indeed we do ! Derrieres up ! I 'll have a beer . This way . After the crew died , I converted this space into a gallery so I had somewhere to keep the paintings . Oh , the captain had quite a collection ! These are quite stunning ! Oh no , no - these are my paintings , Kryten . You own all these paintings ? I painted the paintings . It gives me a break from the concertos that I put on to entertain the vending machines . Are you musical , Kryten ? Sometimes he hums when he 's vaccing . Musical ? No , Butler . But it 's long something I 've intended to take up . Concerto . The etymology is fascinating . It 's the conjunction of concerere , meaning to join , and certame ; to fight . The idea is that the two parts of the concerto , the soloist and the orchestra , alternate episodes of opposition and cooperation and the creation of the music flow . Uh , this floor - am I right in thinking you 've used our old friend Piny-Shine with its famed protective coating and anti-slip finish ? I must confess I don 't recall . I 've been rather distracted lately finishing my latest novel . Reading ? Writing . Splendid . What 's it about ? It delineates the events surrounding the droid uprising and invasion of Callisto back in the late 22nd century , and the impact the uprising has on lunar society , as seen through the eyes of five privileged human families . Do you write , Kryten ? Shopping lists , laundry lists . That midnight oil hardly gets a breather ! Rimmer . Incidentally , if any of you have any diseases , I most probably have an antidote . Breakthrough medical cures is a hobby of mine . Do you dabble in medical science ? He 's got a belting ' cure for hiccoughs . Yeah . You drink a glass of water through a straw while sticking your fingers in your ears . No , no , no - it so works ! We 're expecting the Nobel Prize for Medicine through the cargo bay door any day now . Before I show you the rest of my ship , I have to make one thing very clear ; I have no intention of ever leaving the Nova 3 . My only captain now is my own muse . You will join us for the day though , surely . My pleasure . Rimmer , Have you seen this painting here ? How is this helping Kryten ? Forget Kryten ! If we can make Butler change his mind , this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to update our mech ! What ? Get rid of Kryten ? Oh , we 'll keep him for the cleaning . Let Butler take care of the science . I 've only had a perfunctory look , but I think I can rather help expand your EM booster circuits . Well sadly that won 't be possible , Butler . We simply cannot afford to have Starbug out of commission for any length of time . There . Done . Hang on , what 's this ? ! The blinking machine 's gone full-on red blinky ! Gelf gunships - 6 of them . Coming in at 210 mark 4 . 60 seconds to intercept . Coming in both fore and starboard sides ! They 're stabilizing ! Preparing to lock on ! Suggestions ? ! Reroute power to the fusion boosters . Try and outrun them . Okay , spinning up engines one , drive two ! I don 't mean to interfere but if you do that , won 't the gunships simply take advantage of the open drives and electro-jam the engine ? They 've electro-jammed our engines ! They 're locking on ! Incoming . Prepare yourself to die ! Human ship of scum . Equahecte , is that you ? ! Butler ? ! ( Speaking Gelf . ) Ah , ha-ha-ha ! Ha-ha ! ( Speaking Gelf . ) ( Speaking Gelf . ) You two know each other ? I 'm his daughter 's godfather . It was Equahecte 's way of thanking me after I helped his sick tribe . My tribe avoid big death when Butler make skin demons flee . My pleasure . And I still treasure the Gelfberry wine you gave me . Best weed killer I 've ever had ! My freesia and alders absolutely love it . ( Speaking Gelf ) You 're too kind ! Equahecte 's promised to safely escort us back to Red Dwarf We must thank him . On behalf of all the Red Dwarf crew , let me say ( Speaking Gelf ) Actually Kryten , it 's : ( Speaking Gelf ) Here , say it with me . Maghhh . Mahhh . No , it 's-it 's in the throat . Maghh . Mahh . No . Maghh . Mahh Maghh , Mahh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh That 's it ! Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh , Maghh ! Maghh Yeah , let 's say it 's quite close . The Sakken Yakko dialect 's a little trickier to master than the Kinitawowi . Later , I 'd be happy to go over with with you . That would be most useful . Oh , I forgot to ask , Equahecte , how 's Baknaknigahf ? ( Speaking Gelf ) His father is dying of fever . Oh , do you have a cure , Butler ? Possibly . It 's hard to say without seeing him . Well then you must go . Go , begone and go ! Butler : ( Speaking Gelf ) Equahecte : ( Speaking Gelf ) They 'll tele-port me aboard their ship and then afterwards return me to the Nova 3 . I must bid you farewell . Perhaps we could get together sometime soon ? I have the Nova 3 's handshake frequencies written right here , Sir . Good luck , my friends . And may every day bring us each a little more wisdom . Hey ! It 's my watch . No need Sir . I 'm happy to do it . How ya doin ' ? I 'd just liked to have been better than Butler at something . Just one small , tiny , itsy-bitty thing . I had a mid-life crisis once . You didn 't say . Yeah , it was about 3 years ago . Had all the classic symptoms . First , I denied it . Then I got angry . Then I started thinking about missed opportunities , then I got depressed . And then finally , I accepted it . How long did this whole thing last , Sir ? About 5 minutes . 5 minutes ? ! Yeah , I just thought : " Dave , you 're getting older . Move on ! " Just like that ? ! That 's how you have a mid-life crisis in the North , Krytes ! Bish , Bosch , done . You don 't toss about . I wish I could be the same , Sir . But I just can 't . Things didn 't exactly go to plan back there , did they ? It really brought home to me what a wretched failure my whole life has been . Butler is several generations before me , and yet he 's done so much more with what he 's been given . Whoa ! What the smeg was that ? ! It 's the EM boosters . Of course ! Butler , the damn fool , He didn 't realize , that unlike the Nova 3 , all our boards have universal linkage ! Meaning ? ! The engines are gonna burnout , Sir . He 'll look utterly stupid ! So does that mean we 're gonna crash ? How stupid is he gonna look then ! Yeah , but say we die ! Even better ! Is there no way we can land and repair ? ! Well , we could . But why should we help Butler out ? Kryten ! Oh , my jealousy chip 's overloading , Sir ! Return to sane mode . Of course we should land . Where ? Anywhere before the whole board is affected . Turning all power off now . Couldn 't we make it back to Red Dwarf ? ! Too many course adjustments . We need to find somewhere along our present line of velocity . Okay . Scanning . Scanning . Scanning . There ! It 's about 9 hours from here . We can make it ! Look , take over . I 'll go tell the others ! And don 't forget to tell them whose fault it was ! Perhaps I 'm gonna give you a call after all ! This is perfect ! All we need is a power source to setup the adjustment array . SIU ? What 's that ? The Search for an Intelligent Universe . This must have been the missing space station the Nova 3 was looking for . The universe , so some scientists believe , is a living entity . So they built a space station to communicate with it ? No doubt armed with rizlas the length of ski bags . Well , judging by a cursory glance through the crew files , Sir , they all appear to be leading pioneers in their fields . And I think we all know what was growing in their fields . Did any communication ever take place between the scientists and the universe ? It appears not . Maybe they called and the universe was out ? More likely , the scientists were long dead before the computers their billions of calibrations . Look at that . It 's like call waiting . It appears as if the universe is on hold , Sir . No way has it been waiting all this time . It 's going to be seriously smegged off . Not as smegged off as Butler when he finds out what we 've discovered ! Leave this to me . Hello . Is there anyone there ? Yes . I am here . To whom as I speaking , please ? I am the entity known to you as The Universe . Ah , Mr. Universe , Sir . It 's not " Mr. Universe " , Rimmer . That 's some geezer with pecs and a posing ' pouch . Ask him the meaning of life . Hang on . How can we know for certain that you are , indeed , THE universe ? I am the universe . I am everything . I am the entire contents of space . I am all matter and energy . I am time . I am the totality of all existence . Says you . But can you prove it ? What are you asking for , Rimmer ? A utility bill ? Photo ID ? A spend-and-save card ? Look . Let me take over . For you , Kryten . You 're up . Sir ? All your worries about the big burst , the meaning of life - now 's your chance . Ask the Universe . Perhaps you can help , Sir . I 've been struggling of late to comprehend the point of existence . Explain . Well , if you 're going to die in 14 billion years ' time , what 's the point in anything ? Wait . I 'm gonna die ? ! Oh , yes . Wh- - in just 14 billion years ' time ? ! I 'm halfway through my life , then . No wonder I 'm not as hot as I once was . No wonder I 'm expanding exponentially . You 've just sent the universe into a full-on mid-life crisis . Oh my ! Halfway through my life , and I 've only ever created one lousy , stupid planet with intelligent life . And that 's debatable . What have I 've been doing all this time ? Making life from nothing is really rather tricky , Sir . You 've done rather well ! Wait . If - if I die and I leave nothing behind , my life has no meaning . And existence is senseless . Ain 't that right ? No ! No ? I 've been thinking about this . If you created in the universe , then you must have created love . And it strikes me that there may be no God , and no afterlife , no one knows . But we do know love exists . And if it does , then life has meaning . Let 's hear it for the universe ! Great job , Guy ! That 's very kind . Thank you . I must confess , I feel a whole lot better . So do I ! Is there any advice you can give us before we jog on ? Yes . What ? Kryten , take off that suit . It really sucks . What a very strange day . Strange , but reassuring . I realize now , we 're all in the same boat . Even the universe . And even though the boat has a hole in it , at least we get to see the sea ! Butler , it 's Kryten . I 'm calling to say " Hi " and thank you for today . Ha ! Not at all . Incidentally , when we left you , we stumbled across a space station . And the most incredible thing , it turned out to be the space station you were looking for , and guess what ! We actually talked to the universe . The actual universe itself . What do you make of that ? Oh , you know the universe ? You call him Uni ? You purposely expanded our EM circuits so I 'd meet him ? ! You thought it might help me ? ! You have him on speed dial ! ?
