 - Ah . - What 's this ? I salvaged it from the medistation , sir . It 's a personality tuck machine . Mmm , so it can perform corrective surgery on your character ? Exactly . It scans the patient 's brain and forms a personality map . It 's then able to enhance , remove , even sculpt the very traits that make that person who they are . Hypothetically ... I 'm speaking hypothetically here , do you think I could do with a little work ? Take a seat , sir . I 'll cancel this week 's schedule . So , what can you do for me exactly ? I 'll begin by just working out the areas I think we might be able to improve . Now here , here , here , here , here , definitely here . Yes , all right , Kryten , get on with it , man . Well , take your pomposity , large and unsightly . Your self-importance , too , is massively engorged . What 's that huge area in the middle there ? Well , that is your cowardice , sir . Perhaps you 'd like me to perform a cowardectomy ? What ? Reduce it to sort of wimp-o-plasty ? Hey , what 's happening , buds ? I 'm about to perform some personality surgery on Mr Rimmer . He 's getting a new personality ? Great idea . Not new , moulded , tightened , lifted , shaped . This is gonna transform me . I 'm gonna be the lady-melting enormous bald stud muffin I 've always dreamt of . Now , Kryten , one thing . This isn 't gonna hurt , is it ? There 'll just be the slightest , - infinitesimally tiny little scratch . - Scratch ? - Well , when I insert the laser . - Laser ? - Well , it has to burn ... - Burn ? Well , perhaps I should give you a hollow sedative , sir . - With a needle ? - Sir , please . I 'll talk you through every aspect of the procedure step by step . Right now , I 'm just in the ... Where , where 's he gone ? Out the door and left . Oh , Einstein was wrong . It is possible to break the speed of light . What the ... Guys ? Keep the noise down , I 'm trying to sleep here . Whoa ! What 's going on ? We 're way off course here . Who 's the joker in charge of navigation ? You are , sir . Seriously ? Oh , man . I think I might 've dosed off . Lister , we 're 5,000 clicks off course . All you had to do was engage autopilot . Your watch , your fault . You can 't blame me for this . What kind of lunch was that to give your pilot ? Roast beef with all the trimmings , followed by seconds , followed by sticky toffee pudding , followed by seconds , followed by beer and coffee and cheese and brandy and port and cigars and that little chocolate mint . What chance did I stand after a Sunday lunch like that ? - How long have I been out ? - It 's Monday , sir . Oh , man . No way . It 's gonna take us forever to get back to Red Dwarf now . Maybe we could take a short cut across that asteroid belt . GELF country ? If the stories are to be believed , the particular tribe of GELF that inhabit belt Juno 98 are the ... Oh , sorry . I just sat down on a screwdriver . Why does nobody tidy up around here except me ? Kryten , you were saying ? I 'm sorry , sir , yes , that particular tribe are the Nacky Ninckers . Vampire GELFs to you and me . Vampire GELFs ? The story goes they feast on the blood of virgins . Feast on the blood of virgins . Who believes that ? Taking her in . Wait a minute , hang on here , slow the hell down . - What 's the problem ? - I 'm just curious . How do they tell the virgins from the non-virgins ? Well , according to the ancient myths , they can smell them . Smell ' em ? What the hell does a virgin smell of ? Desperation , normally . Actually , sir , the actual science is that the GELFs can smell the pheromone produced by fear . Only the virgins are scared , so they 're the only ones producing the fear pheromone . - Thus no issue for us . - Taking her in . Hang on , hold up . Can we discuss this for one stupid , lousy second ? - Hang on a minute , are you ... - No . - I suppose you must ... - No ! - I never really ... - Don 't even say it . Okay . Moving on . Didn 't mean to open up a can of worms here . I 've had my share , let me tell ya . More than my share . Plus , I 've had full blown love affairs , too . Well , yes , mirror in the bathroom , mirror in the hall ... I 'd forgotten about those . Don 't you guys know that cats always have two homes ? I got a lady cat back on Red Dwarf . - Hell , I got two . - On Zed deck . - On Zed deck . - On Zed deck . Exactly . That 's where they are , on Zed deck . But hiding from you guys , because they 're only interested in me . We will go the long way ' round . And be quick about it , because I gotta get back to my lady cats on Zed deck . I 'm suddenly starting to miss ' em real bad . I 'm picking up a ship . The energy signature 's barely registering . The signal 's weaker than the San Marino reserve team . Posting , logging into their mainframe . Don 't bother , in this region of space , it could well be a GELF battle cruiser . Maintain current course . That gets my vote . According to the hack , it 's a transport ship , crew two , one Mercenoid , one prisoner . A merce-what ? A Mercenoid is a droid , sir , who has agreed to sacrifice his life in exchange for software updates in silicone heaven . These Mercenoids are nuttier than a vegetarian breakfast . That probably explains why the Mercenoid and his prisoner are on a death dive into the heart of a super-massive black hole . So what now ? We 're gonna board that crate before it passes the event horizon . Risk our necks for one prisoner ? Rimmer , that prisoner might be human , we can 't just abandon them . Never say can 't , Lister . You put your mind to it , there 's no limit to who you can abandon . All right , Cat , take her in . Rimmer , lend me your Dictaphone . What , why ? Because I 've got an idea . Right . Come on , let 's do this . Good luck , keep in touch . More ship Intel coming through via the hack . They were transporting scientific equipment to a bio-station on Orta 15 . Something doesn 't smell right . The ship 's log 's been deleted and the black box has also been wiped clean . I 'm not getting any pictures from your head cam . There must be some kind of signal block in place . How about now ? Yes , getting pictures now . What did you do ? Oh , I just recalibrated the fluctuation drive band signal . - Impressive . - Thanks . You 're not gonna like this , but I 'm picking up something in the movement tracker . Life signs , organic and part organic , in corridor Beta 12 . Where exactly in Beta 12 ? At the south entrance . That 's where we are . Then you should be able to see them , they 're there right on top of you . They may be in the ceiling or under the floor . Run ! Go back , get out of there ! Move ! Now ! Forwards ! Not that way , the other way ! No , the other way . Lister , move ! Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . Could these life signs ... Could they , by any chance , be us ? Ah , yes , of course . Organic and part organic . Yes , it 's you . They should warn you about that in the instruction manual . Someone could come along and make a right idiot of himself . Ah , it does mention it . It 's this bit here in big red capitals . So easy to miss . I 'm picking up EM emissions . This way , sirs . I know you are here , humies . If you want to live , you must leave . He 's right . I think we should go . - Sir ... - You haven 't seen him . Okay . I wanna talk about your prisoner . I wanna do a trade . - No trade . - Let 's talk . No talk . Now , take my advice and go . Leave . Who 's your prisoner and what have they done ? That is my business , not yours . You can trust us , you really can . You will achieve all your dreams . Size doesn 't matter . You are very handsome . And women think you 're extremely attractive . Actually , that 's not really true , so drop your weapon and turn round slowly . Head count down , what 's going on ? Are you okay ? We 're fine , sir . Mercenoid down . I think I 've located the prisoner , up two floors , bay 12 . Buds , am I pleased to see you . - Wait , are you ... - Are you ? - Ow . - Ow . - You got a name ? - Sure I do , stupid . - Who doesn 't have a name ? - Ow . Incidentally that 's mine , that 's mine , that 's mine , that 's mine , all this is mine . Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . What about that bit ? That 's mine , too . Ow ! This is mine , that 's mine , this is mine . Basically , all of this is mine . Even that bit . - What about that bit ? - Mine . - And that ? - Mine . And that bit , all mine . Look , we 'll catch you guys later . Hey , why don 't we meet up later on the pretext of having dinner , but instead play the string game ? I love the string game . - Ow ! - Ow ! Ow . Hey ? You bring you , I 'll bring the string . See you at 8 : 00 . If you 'd like to follow me , ma 'am , I 'll show you to your quarters . Ow ! Ow ! Whoa , Kryten . What 's the big emergency ? Extremely disturbing news , sir . According to the Mercenoid 's black box , that cat we brought on Red Dwarf is not a felis sapien . It 's not a cat . What is it , then ? It 's a Polymorph , sir . A Polymorph that 's shape shifted into a felis sapien ? - Precisely . - That 's why the Mercenoid was flying into that black hole . It was the only way he could ensure the Polymorph 's death . And we killed the Mercenoid , saved the Polymorph and brought it on board ship . Our nomination for JMC crew of the year is starting to look unlikely . Those damn space monkeys from the Omega 4 are gonna get it again . And another thing , according to the black box , the Polymorph is carrying eggs . Eggs that hatch ? No , Kinder eggs . Of course eggs that hatch . Okay , when will they hatch ? Soon after a mum has found a host body to deposit them in . I don 't know if I wanna know this but , um , explain . Well , I found a genetic mutant documentary on RedNet . I was about to watch it . Evening falls and the impregnated female Polymorph seduces a passing organism by appearing to be his mate and secretly deposits her eggs in the unlucky host 's body . - Where 's the Cat ? - What 's the time ? Oh , he 's on his date with the Polymorph . Weeks later and the morphling burst into the world . ♪ Seemed so wrong ♪ But now it seems so right ♪ What a lady , what a night ♪ Did you sleep with her ? What happened ? Hey , I ain 't kissing and telling . I 've had enough kissing for one night , let me tell ya . You don 't understand , we need to know . All I 'm saying is that she had some moves you 'd never even seen . - Like what ? - Like when you 're rolling around making out , then the next thing you know , her big pipe thing shoots out of her back , hovers above you like a crazy snake , then whooshes straight down your throat . Whoo ! Man , I was like ... Cat , women don 't have a big pipe thing . Not for you maybe . But if you drive ' em crazy by blowing on their antennas ... What antennas ? Boom , out it comes . Then what happened ? The usual , she just released her gushy tadpole stuff down her pipe . Then afterwards , she said she 'd never been with anyone who could hold so many eggs . I don 't know what the hell she meant , but I think it meant I did good . See you in the morning , buds . ♪ Oh , what a night ♪ Why 'd it take so long to see the ... ♪ Just listen to me . How do I break this to you ? You 're a moron ! Oh , Rimmer . Go easy on him . Let me handle this . Cat man , you 're a moron ! Sir , that wasn 't a woman . It wasn 't a felis sapien , sir . - It was a shape shifter . - A what ? It wasn 't a cat , it wasn 't a woman , you just had sex with a genetically engineered insectoid arachnid . It still counts . C 'mon . It counts . Why doesn 't it count ? I 'm counting it . Let me tell you , she looked a hell of a lot better last night . Its life cycle complete , it 's died , as the female Polymorph often does after the exhaustive process of depositing her morphlings into a host body . Depositing her what into what ? Sir , we need to get you to the science room and give you a full medical . Morphling ? What 's a morphling ? - We 'll tell you later . - Eh ? When you 're securely strapped to a medi-bed . Just to explain the ultrasound , sir , the probe sends a pulse through your skin and into your body , and the echo bounces back , which allows us to make sure that everything is ... Oh , my God . Hey , what the hell 's happening ? We 're just checking , sir . How many are there ? One , two , three , four . What about them two ? Five , six . And those down there are seven , eight . - We 've gotta tell him . - So tell him . - Er , better coming from Kryten . - Why me ? Because you 've got a better bedside manner when it comes to telling patients they 're raddled with Polymorphs . Hey , hey , what are you saying ? Are you talking about me ? Sir , I have some bad news . You are pregnant with eight Polymorph eggs . When they hatch , they will literally burst out of you using the nearest orifice available . You mean rather than forming an orderly queue ? What the hell we gonna do ? First , I think it 's essential that you eat something , sir . You 've got to have all your strength to fight against them . They 're currently depriving your body of many essential vitamins . I can 't eat at a time like this . Sir , you must try . I just want these things out of me . Have you thought about a caesarean ? - Okay . - Are you sure ? Yeah , but no croutons . It 's not a salad , you gimboid . It 's an operation where they laser open your abdomen . I think it 's your only chance of survival , sir . Hey , there 's no way ... Thank God I didn 't have that cowardectomy . We need to sedate him somehow . Wise words , sir . Well , at least that 's bought us some time . We just need to get cleaned up and do this . Scalpel . - Scalpel . - Scalpel . Has someone been playing around with the settings on this thing ? Oh . Right . I 'm going in . Hang on , look at the scanner . The morphlings are going crazy . What are they turning into ? Tumours . They know we 're trying to extract them early and they 're fighting fire with fire . We kill them , they kill him . What do we do ? We have to let them be born in the normal way . Do you mean normal as in shooting out of every orifice simultaneously ? It 'll be a bit like me after a dodgy egg bhuna . They 're assuming the shapes of household objects and trying to blend in . Oh , we 've got a wriggler . Oh , it 's gonna be so hard flushing this lot into deep space . They 're so cute . Sir , it 's their defence mechanism . They 're trying to avoid being flushed into space . Look , there 's a chinchilla with a pink hat and a hamster on a skateboard . Those Dalmatian puppies , look at them . And like a hedgehog in a top hat , sitting inside a mini shopping trolley . Aw . Sirs , they are doing this on purpose to make us feel guilty . You must remember what they 're going to turn into when they reach maturity . I mean , most things look adorable when they 're first born , even velociraptors , even The Rolling Stones . - So cute . - Sir , they 're evil genetic mutants . I should flush ' em . I got us into this mess , I should be the one to get us out of it . Are you sure ? I just wanna have a minute to say goodbye . We 'll be just round the corner , sir . Oh , look at that one . That one is cute . Sir ... How long 's he gonna be ? He 's gone ! Oh , why didn 't I anticipate this ? He 's been affected by the oxytocin hormone released by the morphlings . - The what ? - It 's a hormone that the morphlings excrete to ensure their hosts look after them until they 're strong enough to stand on their own six suckers . - And then devour his emotions . - Precisely . We 've gotta find him . We have to narrow down the search somehow . I 've got an idea . Turn off all the heat in the ship apart from in the diesel decks , - so it 'll drive him down there . - And then what ? Track them down undetected . They are Polymorphs , they feed off emotions , they will sense us . Not if one of us has got no emotions as they 've had them all removed . Hey ? Listy , if you have a personality tuck to remove your emotions , we 're sorted . That stupid tuck machine ? Why me ? Kryten 's the only one who knows how to operate it , so it can 't be him . It can 't be me obviously , that leaves you . - Why can 't it be you ? - Don 't interrupt . Then after the tuck , you 'll be able to walk amongst the morphlings undetected . They feed on human emotions . And if you 've got no emotions , they won 't know you 're there . And what will happen to my emotions ? We 'll just download your brain . Kryten , have a five-megabyte memory stick on standby . Will do , sir . Oh , I 'm not sure about this . Ah , you 're done . Excellent . I haven 't started yet , sir . Mr Lister ? Sorry , I was miles away . Are you ready , sir ? Yeah , c 'mon , let 's do it . - Let 's send him in , then get this done . - Ah ... - What ? - Well , according to the tracker , we are now completely surrounded by life forms . Morphlings appear to have reached full maturation quicker than expected . But what about the cat ? Does that mean they 've already scoffed all his emotions ? Well , according to the tracker , there are nine life forms . He 's still alive , but barely . Living in an emotionless semi-state , his mind almost totally blank . No change there , then . But with each Polymorph we eliminate , sir , part of the Cat 's personality will return . Hey , buds , I need a hand here . I 'm busted up really bad . - How did you know that wasn 't the Cat ? - I didn 't . - So why did you shoot him ? - Why not ? Help me . What 's wrong with him ? He 's got no emotions , sir . We 've turned him into a dehumanised assassin . - So what should we do ? - May I suggest , sir , run mode . Oh , oh , there you are , sir . I fear Mr Lister may be a Polymorph . That 's how he was able to detect the other Polymorphs and kill them . Why would he be killing them ? Oh , they 're known for killing each other , sir . That way , there 's more food for the victor . We can 't trust anyone . So how can I trust you ? Well , er , how can I trust you ? And how can I trust either of you ? How many are left ? Mmm , make it six . Six , yeah , that 's right . And he could be one of them . - I 'm not a Polymorph . - Neither am I. Nor me . What do we do ? Why am I asking you ? Because I 'm not a Polymorph , but you might be . So might you . Right , how about we go down to the science room and X-ray each other . That way we can be sure . Good idea . After you , after you , after you ... This is a nightmare . For crying out loud , isn 't this hard enough already ? Let 's get to the science room and X-ray one another . Hey , guys ! They had me tied up , but I got away . What 's happening ? There are six Polymorphs here and we don 't know who 's who . Ah , I 'm sure you 'll work it out . Catch you later . Ow ! Let 's get to the lift . How did you know who was who ? A mamma always knows her kids . It 's me . Can I come in ? I 'm trying to sleep , bud . Cat , I just wanted to talk to you about that thing that you 're not . I mean , I know you 're not , you know you 're not , we both know you 're not . - Because I 'm not . - Exactly . But if you were , which you 're not , it wouldn 't mean that you were a loser , it wouldn 't mean that you weren 't cool . It would just mean that you hadn 't met the right girl yet . - But I 'm not . - Exactly . - So no need to have this talk . - Exactly . - So go away . - I 'm gone . Man , is he annoying . So damn patronising . Don 't he know a cat always has two homes ? I tried to tell him , but he won 't listen . Hey , it 's late . We keep talking and there ain 't gonna be much time for loving . This is a dream , isn 't it ? But look on the bright side , you haven 't woke up yet . Let 's go , pipe me ! ♪ It 's cold outside there 's no kind of atmosphere ♪ I 'm all alone , more or less ♪ Let me fly far away from here ♪ Fun , fun , fun ♪ In the sun , sun , sun ♪ I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose ♪ Drinking fresh mango juice ♪ Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes ♪ Fun , fun , fun ♪ In the sun , sun , sun ♪ Fun , fun , fun ♪ In the sun , sun , sun ♪
