 I 'll have to begin by explaining my work . The thing I require , before all else , is a corpse . " London , 1878 " It 's been confirmed that when a human dies , their body will then weigh 21 grams less than it did while alive . That 's the weight of the spiritual element , the so-called weight of the soul . We reanimate the dead by installing pseudo spiritual elements in bodies that no longer have souls . They 're nothing more than imitation souls , though . Dr. Victor Frankenstein gave life to the first corpse-The One . It 's said he could speak , desire love , and even feel the urge to commit murder . Then in a fit of despair , he took Victor 's Notes , the technology that had given him life , and disappeared . All that was left to us were puppets , imitations of The One , with no souls or language . If The One had a soul ... If a 21g soul can be put back inside an empty body , perhaps those we 've lost can come back to us . Startup . Are you able to see me ? Do you know who I am ' ! Walk . Stop . No problems with the power system . Hold out your hand . Take this pen . Record every word and action . Hopefully that will become your soul . Welcome back , Friday . With the twentieth century not too far off , corpse technology has taken hold of the nation 's destiny these days . Dr. Victor Frankenstein succeeded a century ago in reviving a corpse . People feared and abhorred the idea of resurrecting the dead . They made no attempt to embrace corpse technology . The first ones to accept the corpses were women . They would no longer have to lose their sons and husbands to war , if corpses could be used as soldiers . Corpse technology had a military application . Once the world realized this , its development proceeded apace . The new military technology found its way into the civilian realm , and revolutionized the way people lived . Simulations are run repeatedly on analytical engines , and pseudo spiritual elements recorded on punch cards are referred to as necroware . Corpses are optimized and adapted into coachmen , butlers , factory workers , and so on . The world is full of corpses , and it 's no exaggeration to say they now carry the world economy on their shoulders . The old castle of terror , the Tower of London . Here , corpse engineers improve necroware on a daily basis , and continue to upgrade the contents of corpses worldwide . It 's all by way of the eminent calculation abilities of the analytical engine Charles Babbage . This is a story about corpses . A Cambridge Engine , and an expanded Edinburgh language dual spiritual element analyzer . You really got through a lot in a short time . I 'm impressed . However . As I 'm sure you 're aware , spiritual element analysis is a state secret . If you know this is a serious crime , what are you trying to accomplish with this risky business ? The bereaved family is sure to grieve all the more , once they learn a close friend of the deceased stole his body . The gossip papers won 't keep quiet about it , either . " The abnormal affections of an outstanding London University medical student . " Unauthorized corpse reanimation , and the installation of illegal necroware . You 'll serve jail time for this . Do you think I never expected to get caught ? All right , then . Her Majesty the Queen isn 't so ignorant that she 'd let this much talent and passion rot in a hole in the ground . Let 's make a deal , shall we ' ! My name is M. It 's time you did some work for the British Empire , John Watson . " Bombay , British Indian Empire , 1878 " The former American president , Ulysses Grant . He must be going around in person , marketing the technology they cultivated during the Civil War . What just happened ? What exploded ? Look alive , schoolboy . What 're you doing ' ? ! Don 't want to die as soon as you reach the battlefield , do you ? Lek ' s 991 ! Shake him off ! He 'll explode ! Friday ! Do something ! Damn it ! What are they , anyway ' ! Russian-made corpse bombs . Instead of carrying a bomb around , the corpse itself is the bomb . So , it dissolved fat into glycerin . That 's impressive . No time for admiration . We 've got more company ! Get inside and hold on tight ! Looks like the Russians are frantic . Why 're we being shot at ? ! It means we 're not the only ones after the treasure . Friday , get the gun out of the bag ! Hurry and throw him off ! Friday , shoot this guy ! Friday ! Use that gun in your hand , and shoot this guy in the head ! Shoot ! They don 't give up . Switch with me ! Switch ? ! Just sit here , and hold the reins . Easy for you to say ! That takes care of that . You 're Burnaby , aren 't you ' ! Captain Frederick Burnaby . The guide Walsingham arranged . Or rather , the watchdog . Those ' re both wrong . I 'm a baby-sitter for the stupid death-obsessed schoolboy . Ah , don 't get so mad . Worst case , I 'll bring back your corpse like I did your predecessor 's . Even corpses can work for their country , these days . Predecessor ? What are you talking about ? He got blown away by a bomb . That 's why they sent you . I wasn 't told this ! Must have slipped their minds . Well , he had bad luck . Here 's hoping you 've got good luck . Oh , that 's right . Write down that I 'm good-looking . You don 't have to write that , Friday . Oh come on , let him do his job . You 're the one making it difficult . There sure are a lot of soldiers . The old style Krishna Engine ... and the Carabinieri Engine ? That 's because they 're sending them to Afghanistan . From here on , there 'll be more dead people than living . Might be a fun place for a corpse engineer like you . You can 't have any . I don 't want any . Oops , I 've got something to give you . Here . What is it ' ! It 's from Walsingham . Identity documents ? Forged ones , yeah . You 're a doctor of medicine . An army surgeon . Not that I 've even graduated yet . This man ... Aleksei Fyodorovich Karamazov . An Imperial Russian Army chaplain ... And , the man touted to be the Dr. Frankenstein of the Romanov dynasty ? Three months ago , that corpse engineer led a band of armed corpses in an uprising , and disappeared into the wilds of Afghanistan . What was his goal ? The establishment of a new kingdom , with corpses as its subjects . Rather than go to prison , you want me to infiltrate Afghanistan in the middle of a war , and investigate this so-called kingdom ? Karamazov is carrying Dr. Victor Frankenstein 's lost research notes . Victor 's Notes ... They say The One was the only corpse who acquired a soul and was able to speak . The technology that produced him is there ? The Russian emperor 's own Third Secretariat is on the move , too . It 's The Great Game . We can 't let the Russian Empire or Karamazov dominate the world . Investigate the corpse kingdom , and secure Victor 's Notes . That 's your mission . You 're very late in arriving . I thought maybe you 'd died . Things came up . I guess they don 't teach you to be punctual , in Great Britain . You 're a smart-aleck brat , as always . Nice to meet you . I 'm Nikolai Krasotkin . I 'm Watson . John Watson . The mad engineer who willfully turned his friend into a corpse . Well , circumstances aside , I have high hopes for you , Dr. Watson . This way , please . He 's Russian , isn 't he ? His people nearly killed us in Bombay ! Don 't worry , he 's working with us . He 's our guide . Can we trust him ? ! Hey , Burnaby ! Karamazov acquired new technology from the Notes . Don 't you want to see it ? Let 's go . Friday . You guys are after the Notes too . Aren 't you ' ! Why take part in a joint operation ? You don 't need to worry . I 'll let you have the Notes . If we can secure Karamazov himself , that 'll be good enough for us . Aha . So things are a mess within the Russian Empire , too . If we 're after different results , how we go about it varies as well . That 's all there is to it . Well , it 's a long trip . Let 's all us agents just get along . All right , try reloading . That 's quite daring . It 's a self-defense measure . His cognition is inferior to a human 's , but he 's excellent at not hesitating . I pray you 're not the one who gets shot . Are you and Aleksei Karamazov from the same region , or something ? It 's like it says in the documents I provided you . He stole the Notes in the middle of a military corpse experiment . Along with some of the test subjects . Did he succeed in reproducing The One ? What was in the formula ? That is to say , he did finish his analysis of the formula ? Who can say ' ! Maybe he plans to create a group of killers like the ancient Assassins . That 's what the higher-ups suspect , so they 're trying in secret to put a stop to all this . But you guys claim you can 't allow Karamazov to be killed . What 's he doing up in those secluded mountains ? If it 's something that serves our national interests , we 'll need to bring it back home . He 's currently in the Kokcha River valley , north of Kabul . If you know that much , why do you need to team up with us ? Because we need you , Dr. Watson . Someone like yourself , who 's well versed in corpse technology . Fire ! " Khyber Pass , 1878 " Fire ! It 's a waste if they don 't draw the enemy closer before shooting . Let them shoot . With them facing that many corpse soldiers , wouldn 't it be cruel to expect any self-control ? A single numerical formula will predict victory or defeat . Where 's the need to actually fight ? Then it would become just a game . People need stories . Stories adorned with words that make the blood stir and the flesh leap . The majority of people can 't understand your rationale . Those who can 't understand , can 't accept . Other than things they can touch or see , that is . Stories are born of our foolishness , which they then continuously affirm . And so , this is the result . It looks a bit easier to walk here . Don 't relax . The enemy can easily see us here . You really will die , if you 're careless . We 've got trouble ! Get clear ! This might be the first fun fight I 've had in a while . You need to stay back . Friday , get your gun ready . Unbelievable . He anticipated my damn movements . Is this guy really a corpse ' ! He dodged ? ! So. my country really did deploy it after all . Dr. Watson ! That 's the necroware Karamazov developed ! Dexterity , and the ability to move each joint in a coordinated manner . The ability to grasp the situation , and anticipate well enough to select the best option . All those things set them apart from preexisting corpses . They have the urge to kill ! The emotion of murderous intent ... That 's where we 'll find Victor 's prized technology ! There 's no end of them . Watson ! Hurry up ! This is no time for love . It 's nothing like that ! This is ... our only option ? Just this . Now get going . Do you want that woman 's rescue to be for nothing ? All right . Burnaby ! If it 's a last request , save it . Can we grab that new model ' ! Huh ? Power up the installer . Did that killing urge I sensed belong to this corpse himself ? Or is it nothing more than a variation in his installed program ? Does he possess language ' ! Where is his soul ? Startup . Increase the thought control system 's load . Yes , that 's the look ! Can you speak ? Increase the output , Friday ! What 's your name ? Tell me ! Your name ! We 're halting the experiment , Friday . Why do you ask a corpse its name ? What are you trying to say ' ! Does it have something to do with your friend ' ! Noble _ Savage _ 007 . That 's Friday 's registration name , as property of Walsingham . Corpses are always given an ID number . They 're left with a name , a symbolic identity . If you analyze their ID , won 't that simply tell you their basic properties ? Corpses don 't need names , and they can 't speak . For what reason do you seek the Notes ' ! That 's how engineers are , isn 't it ? I bet it 's the same where you 're from . Technical innovation is like an instinct for them . Things might 've been easier if he 'd been able to see it that simply . The Notes might be the real thing , Friday . Maybe we 'll be able to prove your theory . Dr. Watson , I presume . I 'm Hadaly , President Grant 's private secretary . You bailed us out earlier . President Grant is fond of danger . Was there a soul ? That corpse earlier moved exactly like the living , and it still had intelligence . So did it have a soul ? My friend would often say that thought precedes language . And that corpse was trying to say something . In other words , maybe the soul is hidden behind thought ? It 's currently nothing more than a hypothesis , but I mean to prove it . Perhaps your soul desires that ? Souls don 't seem real to me . I don 't know what they 're like . Maybe I 'm similar to this one here . Until we meet again , somewhere . A woman like her is a lot for you to handle . Be careful . Why did Karamazov steal the corpse soldiers and cause an uprising ? From what I 've seen of the new model corpses , he must have been close to reproducing The One . Does there have to be a reason ' ! At least then I could understand . I thought your mission was to secure the Notes , not to learn the cause of what happened , or the reasons . As for Alyosha 's story , you can ask him about it firsthand . We 're here . Woman and child corpses ! I 've been awaiting you , Dr. Watson . I am Aleksei Karamazov . I 'm happy to see you 're in good health , Alyosha . You 've done well , Kolya . Thank goodness you got here in time . If his task was to bring us here , I wish he had picked an easier route . The British Empire is very concerned about this situation . I 'd like to ask you about your intentions . Nikolai and I discovered it . On an island in the Arctic we visited while on a mission . Dr. Watson . Why is it you seek the Notes ' ! To reproduce The One ' ! Or perhaps because your nation ordered it ? The pursuit of corpse technology doesn 't require any great cause . I too once repeatedly performed corpse experiments in an effort to reproduce The One . Piles of countless corpses ; light that faded from countless eyes . When I noticed myself reflected in those eyes , I came to my senses . I wondered , what had I been seeking ? I 'll ask again . Why is it you seek the Notes ' ! The advancement of corpse technology . The reproduction of The One . Even if that means dabbling in the taboo ' ! Even taboo techniques must someday become commonplace . Corpses are part of our everyday lives , at this point . You 're probably right . Once a technology comes into existence , no one can halt it for his own convenience . That 's why Nikolai and I got rid of the data , and overwrote crucial sections . The Empire has put new model corpses an the battlefield . The world will probably undergo a rapid reorganization . Great Britain won 't keep quiet . Where are the Notes ? If you seek the Notes , please promise me you 'll destroy them . Why ? ! There 's no need for a reason . The many words you 've accumulated thus far will most likely determine your story . Friday ... He must be the reason you pursue the Notes . You aren 't treating him like property . Dr. Watson , are you prepared to be responsible for the reality that lies beyond the technology in the Notes ' ! Whatever reality lies in wait , I will get my hands on the Notes . Those are the words you 've arrived at on this journey . I 'm glad I got to talk to you . Likewise . See you tomorrow , then . Friday , come with me . You are not allowed to avert your eyes . This is the new corpse technology you sought ! Stop ! Nikolai ! I 'll get this off you ! Damn it ! Now my ... duty to ... you is ... done ... No ... Writing a pseudo spiritual element onto a living person ... It shouldn 't be possible ! Opium , huh ' ! Entrancing music is also important . You produce an artificially muddled trance , then anchor it with a pseudo spiritual element . That 's the method recorded in the Notes . That 's insane . It 's just murder ! You 're no different ! You vivisected a living man in the Khyber Pass . He was the same as Nikolai , here ! I experimented on my older brother . You and I are similar to one another . In our quest to reproduce The One , we made tools even of those dear to us . Where is ... Nikolai 's soul ? ! There is no soul . We merely overwrite the future with death . Now do you understand how foolish this technology is ? The technology 's just incomplete ! Why didn 't you move forward ? If you 'd only charged ahead , you might have found the soul waiting just beyond ! How can we sacrifice someone dear to us , then pretend it never happened ? ! You 're the one who averted his eyes ! It truly is difficult to convey one 's thoughts to another . Please forgive me , Nikolai . Brother ... There was no other way but this . Right now , the Notes ... are in Japan . If you mean to move forward , then do so . But when you do find the Notes ... I just want you to recall my words . We want the Notes to be destroyed . I ... ! Russia had issued assassination orders against Nikolai and Karamazov . The only thing they could do in what little time they had left was bet on your good sense as a corpse engineer . Why didn 't Karamazov ... destroy the Notes himself ? It 's just like how you can 't destroy Friday . I 'm going to Japan . What will you tell Walsingham ' ! That I 'm continuing to pursue the Notes . Won 't that be good enough ' ! After seeing all that , I can 't just pretend I didn 't know him . He was sarcastic as hell , but we drank together . We laughed , and joked around a little too . I can at least destroy it for him . Let 's go to Japan . " Tokyo , 1879 " " Full house " " Full house " Now , for today 's final bout ! Now , for today 's final bout ! Pardon me , sir . Are you British ' ! I am most indebted to the British Empire , on account of the recent Russo-Turkish War . And go ! Keep going ! Keep going ! I was sent there as an observer , And go ! Keep going ! Keep going ! ... and I witnessed , from the Russian side , the Siege of Plevna . But the truth is , the British Empire never advanced into Plevna . Well , we 'll just leave it at that . Keep 96 ' " ? - ! The winner ! I was dispatched by the Ministry oi Foreign Affairs , at the request of a comrade of Mr. Nikolai Krasotkin . I am Seigo Yamazawa , of the Imperial Japanese Army . Your companion is waiting outside . This way , if you please . What have you been up to ' ! An undercover investigation . And what have you found ' ! " Number one " " Number one " I got caught right away . " Number one " " Number one " So nothing , really . " Number one " Aren 't you embarrassed , dressed like that ? It 's not underwear , so I 'm not embarrassed . All right . If it works for you , that 's fine by me . The Notes are gone ' ! They were entrusted by Mr. Karamazov to the previous minister to Russia , and he had them until he returned to Japan , but the last we 've heard is that he made contact with Osato Chemicals . What is Osato Chemicals ' ! It 's a corporation linked with the old government that devotes itself to developing corpse technology , but at one point it began keeping all its business affairs secret . Did that happen to be when it acquired the Notes ' ! I should also point out that it plans to develop new corpse models in an effort to win influence back From the new government . This is getting dicey . So what ? Seems more interesting that way . Excuse me , sir . Dr. Watson is in Japan , after all . Captain Burnaby is with him , too . You had anticipated this , sir ' ! Predicting the future is my job , after all . The guards on duty are nearly all knocked out . We should be all right for a while . There are signs of unauthorized access to Research Building 2 . Someone beat us to it ? It was 23 minutes ago . I 'd say it 's possible . There 're no guards to be seen . Living people have been killed . This has to be a trap . Want to come back later ' ! No , let 's accept the invitation . Attacking the unarmed ... I can see the Notes have quite an appeal . Maybe this is who got here first ? Yeah , he 's a Walsingham agent . I 'm sure of it . It looks like someone besides us and Britain is after the Notes . What do you suppose these spots are ? They probably inoculated living people with pathogens . Once their cerebral functions were adversely affected . They wrote in pseudo spiritual elements . Biological weapons that spread germs , eh ' ! That 's a screwed-up way to use them . Let 's hurry up and destroy the Notes . There 'll be more of the dead . This isn 't good . I can tell they 're experts . It 's probably some Musoken style . I don 't know what " Muso " is , but this works for me ! Stand back , please ! This finishes it ! Watson , we 've got this ! You go and destroy the Notes ! Watson ! Go ! Destroy the Notes ! Thank you ! Let 's go . Friday . Friday , look for Victor 's Notes . This is ... Victor 's Notes ... Thought precedes language . If there 's language , there 's a mind . That 's where the soul is . Prove to them the 21g soul . What I want is ... We want the Notes to be destroyed . Friday , analyze Victor 's Notes ! Watson ! What 're you doing ? ! Is this some kind of code ? Where does it describe how to reproduce a soul ? ! Watson , hurry and wrap things up ! Watson ! Is it finished ? The corpses stopped moving ' ! Friday ! The time has come ! We need to leave ! What 's wrong , Friday ? ! Can you see me ? ! Friday ! Watson , we 're getting out of here ! We 'll use the cable car inspection corridor ! Answer me ! Friday ! Tell me you can hear me ! Watson ! What 're you doing ? ! I 'm here . I 'm right here ! Hey , Watson ! Friday ! What 's the matter ? Pull yourself together ! What 're you doing ? ! Let him go ! What about destroying the Notes ? ! Friday analyzed them ! He 's trying to speak ! He might have his soul back ! It just looks like an update error to me . Stand aside ! No ! What did Karamazov tell you ? ! Don 't you dare say you forgot ! Are you trying to render his and Nikolai 's lives meaningless ? ! You 're just seeing what you want to see ! Move it ! The world 's better off without this thing ! Stop ! That 's where Friday 's soul is ! If this is what it means to reproduce a soul ... then put an end to the suffering ! Friday ... Protect ... the Notes ... Foolish humans . Why do you go to such lengths to pursue Victor 's technology ? You 're arrogant dreamers , and therefore narrow-minded . You in particular are much like Victor Frankenstein . The One ! I have no name . Because for a hundred years , I 've been the sole being that 's never given one . Interesting . It seems your master thinks you can be brought back to life with Victor 's technology . Give back ... the Notes ! I wonder , will you go down the same path as Victor ? Let 's go . G-Give them back ! Friday ... Was your theory ... correct ? Sorry I ... couldn 't keep ... my promise . Looks like I 'm finally going to die . What are you saying ' ! Cut that out ! Let 's continue the research . I can 't prove the existence of the lost 21g soul without you ! I 'll leave this place to you . Take over , once I 'm gone . Break into my grave , and use my dead body . If I sense a soul , I 'll give you a signal . Like this . Then our theory will be proven . It 's a promise . Everyone is dead because you didn 't keep your promise . You 're fascinated by the idea of doing whatever you please with human souls , and though you know it 's taboo , you can 't let go . You took something you couldn 't restore , and destroyed it in an irredeemable form . A pattern no one can put together . You crudely jabbed your finger at the fabric of the cleverly constructed soul . Friday ! No ! Dr. Watson ! It isn 't safe here ! Friday ! Dr. Watson ! Friday ! Dr. Watson . Are you all right ' ! You mustn 't get up . You still need rest . Where am I ? On board the Richmond . We 're currently en route to the States . Were you ... after the Notes. too ' ! I owe you an apology - I ended up using a powerful drug to stop him . He couldn 't be stopped , by my power . What about Burnaby ? Don 't worry . He 's on board too . Mr. Yamazawa is also safe . But of course , he 's in Japan . Am I ... ? The ship 's doctor says you were infected with cholera . I must have gotten it from the new model corpses at Osato Chemicals . You 'd best be careful you don 't catch it . I 'll be fine . It won 't be long before you 're back on your feet . For now , please just take it easy . Thank you , Hadaly . The One bears a grudge against humans . He was created by human greed , then selfishly cast aside . Hatred and loneliness are the forces that move him , things that regular corpses don 't feel . He 's using analytical engines and the Notes to cause large-scale corpse rampages all over Asia and Europe . Now that The One has Water 's Notes , we can 't afford to let him endlessly disseminate dangerous technology . I want you to persuade Dr. Watson to repair his puppet . What would be the point of fixing Friday ' ! We recovered this writing ball from Osato Chemicals . I want Dr. Watson to analyze the traces left on it by The One . Sorry , but I can 't go along with that . You should try asking him yourself . Ladies first . But hey , I will pay you back for saving me . Hey , you there ! Hand over the mop ! Think we can win over the doctor ? If we don 't hurry , the old man will get away . That look I saw on your face in Japan was the real thing . You must have successfully analyzed the Notes . But ever since , no matter how much I fine-tune your necroware , the old you won 't come back . What I 'm doing is only making you suffer , isn 't it ? What is Friday , to you ? A friend ? A test subject ? I don 't know whether Aleksei and Nikolai were right . But they risked their lives to pay their debt ! And yet what about you ? ! What 've you done ? ! Quit obsessing over the dead . Paul Bunyan , one of the Eight Great Analytical Engines . Your mechanical brain thinks by using steam and electricity . And , a captive of the over-installation of the language of corpses , it dreams incoherently . Awaken ... Transmit my words to all the corpses , and release them from the truth that they were once human . Looks like we weren 't fast enough . It isn 't safe here . Get ready to escape . I 'm sorry . Let 's go . It 's not here , either ... Where did they hide it ' ! The One 's taken over Paul Bunyan , too . He now controls every place the sound waves reach . Sound waves ? What the hell 's going on ? ! Son of a bitch ! What does The One want ? The President says it 's revenge against humanity , but it looks to me like The One is searching for something . The answer to that , the answer I desired , and your answer are probably all right there . Use this if he grows violent . I can 't stop him with my power . Come on ! The One got to the States a step ahead of us . Great Britain , Egypt , India , Afghanistan , Japan . We searched for signs of him and the Notes all around the world , but we couldn 't catch him . Dr. Watson . Your determination alone finally reached The One and the Notes . Taking advantage of the confusion , are we ' ! The living can 't be controlled the way corpses can . But that 's not the case for you , Hadaly . Bring that over here . Fire ! The soul is 21 grams . Then what is the source of that mass ? You came close to the answer . I want a soul ! I want a soul so I can shed tears , so I 'll feel sadness , pain , and the like . Please ! Take me with you ! Now we 're even . Damn it ! Don 't let them escape ! Hold on ! Hadaly ! Puppets don 't get to have dreams ! " San Francisco , 1879 " " San Francisco , 1879 " Hadaly , can you manipulate corpses ? Hadaly , can you manipulate corpses ' ! By using special words , yes . So that 's what those sound waves are . Necroware , analytical engines , even society itself . Every complex pattern is sure to have security holes . And you and The One can attack those ? Aren 't we going to stop The One ? Paul Bunyan 's over that way . I don 't think he 's there anymore . Huh ? Dr. Watson . I have a safe house beneath the lighthouse . Let 's regroup there . Hang on ! Friday ! Shit ! This is ... what Aleksei spoke of ... The reality that lies ... beyond the Notes ... Dr. Watson ! Use the drug ! UP ahead ! There 're lots of them ! Can we get past ? ! Here we go ! Friday ! Stop it ! Hurry , this way ! Go on ahead . What about you ' ! I 'll buy us time here . But ... ! I practically caused this situation . Hurry and go ! I can 't leave you two behind ! Leave this to us , and hurry to the safe house . Aleksei asked me if I was prepared ! Whether I was going to proceed , no matter what reality awaited ! If I 'd only realized what his words meant ... ! Hadaly ! Please ! Are you ... ? I am ... an automaton . What you need to do right now is determine where The One is . We 'll catch up to you soon . Pursue The One , and teach me the secrets of the soul . It 's a promise . I thought when I got my hands on Writer 's Notes , I could at last fulfill my promise to you . I wanted to fulfill that promise , no matter what I had to do . Friday , what are you seeing right now ? Your soul ... Where is it ? ! Friday ! I just ... wanted to see you again ! I wanted to hear what else you had to say ! Why ? ! Why 'd you leave me ? ! Why won 't you come back ? ! Friday ! Do you ... recognize me ? ! Friday ! I knew it ... You 're in there ... aren 't you ' ! That 's far enough ! We 're taking the Notes . You 're here sooner than I expected . Don 't move ! I 've been hoping to meet you , The One . Walsingham ... M , eh ' ! I can see the Notes didn 't grant you your wish . Using analytical engines all over the world ... Sending corpses on rampages ... What were you trying to find ? Well , whatever . So long as I have you and these Notes , my wish will come true . What will you do with the Notes ' ! I 'll lead mankind to perfection , to a world without conflict . That arrogance will be your undoing . Take him away . I 'm glad you 're okay . I 'm sorry . I was mistaken . What do you mean , " sorry " ? ! What good 's an apology now ? ! If you had destroyed the Notes that time , things wouldn 't be like this ! Women , children , old people ! They all died ! Because of your ambition ! Damn it ! What do we 010 ... ' ! I don 't feel I 'm blameless . If you say I 'm better off dead , then kill me ! Just ... if you 'll allow it , give me the chance to fulfill my promise to Aleksei and Nikolai ! Let me put a stop to this chaos ! Burnaby ! How , when you don 't even know where he is ' ! Friday , bring it here . Show it to Burnaby . It 's a letter of invitation from The One . Is it genuine ? Yes , it was sent directly to the writing ball as an encoded transmission . The One is being transported to the Tower of London . M is planning to do something dreadful using the power of the Notes . I expect he 's going to use Charles Babbage to analyze The One . I never thought we 'd end up fighting Walsingham . Do you have a plan ' ! I customized Friday for communications use . We 'll use him to construct a logic maze inside the analytical engine . It 'll form a siege ring , and contain the melody from spreading . That 's why it can 't be done remotely . You 're going to go charging in there ? Burnaby , I want you to help me ! I had planned to from the start . Thank you . What 's this place ' ! An underground facility my father built for experiments . Your father ' ! What is that ' ! The USS Nautilus . It was seized in secret from Great Britain on the president 's orders , and my father remodeled it . With this state-of-the-art ship , I think we can catch up to The One before things happen . You 're leaving already ? I think my spirit world communicator is nearly complete . Would you like to see it. first ' ! I will , once I return from this trip . All right . Hadaly , I 'll keep this quiet from the government . Give your all to what you believe in . Thomas Edison ... Does your father know what it is you seek ' ! Yes . But Father does not approve of noise . Noise ' ! What is the source of the soul 's mass ' ! The weight of intent . The weight of thought . The strength of ideas . I was built to eliminate the " noisy emotions " born of those things . Maybe it 's that he didn 't want to see you sad , or in pain . But that 's exactly what I want to experience . That 's why I 'm ... a failure . Analysis of the Notes and of the information in your brain is complete . All that 's left to do now is enter the release code . Victor 's brain ... So that 's where it was , after all . Will we be killed by corpses , or will people kill each other ' ! Humanity is doomed either way , at this rate . I will save mankind from its destruction . Humanity will progress to a new stage ! Charles Babbage ! Guide all mankind to its salvation ! Looks like they know we 're here . They came to meet us , huh ? Nice gesture . We 'll go via the shortest route . It might be a bumpy ride , though . We 'll leave that to you . Everything 's set up . Make me proud , Friday ! We 're surfacing ! It 's already begun . They sure went heavy on the defense . Objective : Traitors ' Gate ! We 'll force our way through ! Statesman of the past also aspired to a world without conflict . To protect the people of their country , they plunged into the morass of war . We invade other countries to protect peace within our own . We can 't distinguish between the power to protect , and the power to plunder . Even when we realize it 's a mistake , we can 't stop . That is humanity . Go on ahead ! What about you ? ! I 'll cut off the Tower of London 's power ! That 's not possible , alone ! My arms are a lot stronger than yours ! Now go . We can save the world if we stick to your plan , right ? Let 's hurry ! Take care . This is one of those times I wish you guys understood . The mood , that is . So , it 's despair ' ! It 's guidance ! Everyone losing the ability to feel despair is one realization of supreme bliss . Then there 'll be no more conflict , hatred , or killing . Because there 'll no longer be any way to know what conflict is . M is trying to use Aleksei 's technology to rob people of their will ! I don 't want a world like that . I want to know joy via a soul , not a program . Isn 't it because sadness and pain exist that you feel joy ? Outta my way ! ... Isn 't it because sadness and pain exist that you feel joy ? Lek ' s 991 ! We 'll soon arrive at the ultimate world the will of mankind couldn 't reach . Amongst all the souls in existence shall I find it . A pure soul . A gentle smile . A corpse mustn 't have a soul or a will . M , you 're simply a foolish human who pretends to be all-powerful . Just like Victor Frankenstein . Oh , don 't worry . I 'll use your soul , too . M ! Stop Charles Babbage ! It 's been a long time , John Watson . Your talent and passion are admirable . You pursued Karamazov , located the Notes , and even finally made your way here . But your mission is already complete . I 'm putting an end to all your schemes ! Kill him . M ! You 're making a mistake ! A mistake ? It 's foolish humans who keep quarreling who are mistaken . What about the things people have created through human will ? ! Should all beauty and sublimity vanish , the ability to understand them will also be gone . Where 's the problem ? People can 't abandon their acts of cruelty , so they 'd probably destroy them on their own anyway . We should end it here and now , John Watson ! You just think you know everything about the world ! Beauty and sublimity aren 't what shape the future ! It 's the willpower to try to actualize one 's words and feelings for someone else ! I 've stopped The One ! It 'll work now ! Friday ! Form the cage ! Output at full blast ! Suppress the sound waves ! Hadaly Lilith . I 'm well aware of what it is you seek . Don 't resist . Watch out behind you . Don 't ... interfere ! " Stop ! " Don 't ... interfere ! Hadaly ! Thanks for your trouble . I 'll take over from here . The One ... ! Friday ! Take it offline ! I believed in your determination , John Watson . You sought the Notes , and you sought the soul . Then at last , fate led you here . Along with two vessels for souls . Get real ! You 're saying this has all happened the way you wanted ? ! The time has come . Where did the soul come to be , and how ' ! Damn it ! In the creation of that soul lies the essence of the forbidden art Victor sealed away . I will show you the moment when life ... when the soul is born . Victor Frankenstein . My bride 's soul is sealed within the depths of your consciousness . I 'm taking it back . Friday ! Hadaly ! I 'm coming to resc ... The giant analytical engines that understand the language of corpses , and that are linked to corpses worldwide , now form their very consciousness . There 's no longer any need to describe words on punch cards , connect cables , and perform installations . For what we 're witnessing is the materialization of language itself . Language forms a consciousness , one that will weave up my bride 's consciousness from the corpses , via the analytical engines . All wills become one will , and one will becomes all wills . All humanity becomes a single soul , just one . Hadaly Lilith ! I give to you a soul . The elements composing my bride 's soul have been released ! Become the vessel of my departed bride , and obtain a soul ! I feel it . Your presence . The warmth of your soul . You 're there , aren 't you ... Stop it ! What Hadaly wanted washer own joy and sadness ! A soul to feel those things ! Not the soul of your bride ! What a pity . I thought I could get you to understand . You , who more than any other , longed for the soul . Nevertheless ... this body has been maintained well . It will do nicely , as my vessel . New ... awaken . My bride . Are you able to see me ? Do you know who I am ' ! Smile for me once again . Watson ! The rest is up to you ! You struggle in vain ... ! Friday , activate the logic maze ! Lock The One 's soul and the corpse language inside the Notes ! This ... is our will ! Impossible ... ! Dr. Watson . Give me your hand . Hadaly ... Thank goodness you 're okay ! The words of his bride entered into me . Sadness , anger. and joy . I didn 't think I could ever be myself again , and that scared me . Even though I supposedly have no soul . You do have a soul . I don 't even have any mechanism for shedding tears . Hadaly , that 's the side of you I always liked . If I have a soul , then he has one too . Don 't give up . Thank you , Hadaly . That 's all over . We 're home , at any rate . What will you do ' ! I think I 'll do some traveling . So don 't tell me the whole story . Some things , I 'm better off not knowing . That 's true . You wouldn 't be able to fit it all into that head of yours , anyway . You flatter me . See you . The thing I require , before all else , is a corpse . It 's been confirmed that when a human dies , their body will then weigh 21 grams less than it did while alive . That 's the weight of the spiritual element , the so-called weight of the soul . This journey was set in motion when you told me that . I still recall your words . I was fond of the things you write . Your words that were stored within me ... led me on this journey , and they sustained me . Will the words I said ... on the journey ... bring about ... anything in you ... ? Friday , will I ... be able to see you ' ! Will I ... be able to hear your voice ? If so , then ... Friday ... Once again ... we 'll ... I 've counted the time left And when you open your eyes You fulfill our wish , in the place from that day when we dreamed I 'll make time move again And I 'll get to see you Putting an end to that endlessly repeating tomorrow The future I 've seen , I promise it to you I will live on Move forward , don 't look back I 'm right here in your heart I 'll sleep and dream here forever Open the door now And one wish will come true Take it in your hand Promise me the future You will live on Move forward , don 't look back You 're right here in the crumbling present I 'll sleep and dream forever Never fading Dr. Watson , my pen records thusly . He does not reveal himself on this plain . He sealed the Notes within his own mind , and departed for a horizon of different words . The memory of those days spent journeying has been lost . I , I ask . Do I possess a consciousness ? I , I reply - When did this consciousness come to be , or has that yet to happen ? There is still so little I understand . Dr. Watson , there are many things I have yet to tell you . I am here as materialized information . Now , the fact that I exist this way is thanks to you . If possible , I 'd at least like you to hear this one thing . May these words materialize , and bring new life to the story you left behind . Thank you . " London. four years later " Shit ! Watson ! You 're late , Holmes ! How 's he doing , Hadaly ' ! Weeps . You go by " heme Adm " new . The same as ever . He 's running all around London with his new partner .
