 - ------------SupunWe------------ 'Two faced One man That too a 70 year old man Killed armed Indian soldiers in the Embassy Who entered the premises ? Is the Malaysian Govt taking responsibility ? Malaysian Govt claims this face is not even in their records ! He was carrying a fake passport Willing to support investigation by India Malaysian Govt has absolved officially any link whatsoever to this attack Manish , please pause the video The tattoo on his neck This tattoo is the only clue we have Symbol of Love No one here knows about this love tattoo Name of a man Many years ago he was operating from the Kashmir border No one has seen or traced him But 4 years ago our agency 's undercover agent traced Love 's headquarters He destroyed Love and his company totally In this undercover mission Akilan 's technical support ... was our agency 's best computer analyst Meera When Love 's company was attacked Akilan and Meera were exposed Meera was killed If Akilan is required for investigation can 't we get him here ? Is he still working for the agency ? He didn 't tell you the whole story After his wife 's demise the way in which he investigated Physical torture and hard core treatment 12 Human Right cases were slapped on him He ruthlessly didn 't follow any ground rules Our agency passed suspension order against him No one has seen him after that Now to go in search of him after 4 years is of no use Only 2 people have met Love in person Sir , we have the case files You 're listening to a trainee agent and - Mr Manish , this is a national emergency If they can attack the Indian Embassy so boldly it 's as good as declaring war against our country Akilan 's information is very important to us How will you find him after 4 years ? Our ex agent 's location gets updated once in 15 days Akilan after Nepal , Chandigarh , Goa has last checked in here They have paid half the amount already 15 blows , bear it somehow It is big money and they will bet the entire amount on him It 's worth the pain Don 't let go 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten Eleven 12 ... 13 ... 14 Where are you going ? Got scared , huh ? Come back 15 ... ! Why are you here ? What is your emergency with me ? Indian Embassy in Malaysia has been attacked 20 Indian commandos dead You 're wasting your time , Malik My life is different My needs are different Whatever you say it isn 't my problem Watch this and then decide The man who killed your wife or his company is still operative Don 't mess with me to fulfill your needs It is 4 years since Love died ! You matched Love visually and assassinated him But the same symbol has turned up again If you want to help us you know the venue " Coral , my coral pristine white You pierced my heart in delight " " Stem , dainty and delicate stalk You sprouted in my moon 's park " " Puzzle , my life 's jigsaw puzzle You jumbled my youth into a muddle " " O ' ray of sunlight , right before me You bedazzle me in a state dizzy " " Beautiful work of art ; a rarity Your eyes die to swallow me " " My dream , an epic praiseworthy O ' Tamil , you make a poet out of me " " Holiday for a love so true " " May you continue a whole year through " " Like touchscreen my loveliness Branch out as my fingers caress " " When you sunbathe , baby your sunscreen lotion I 'll be " " When you bathe in the sea I 'm the foamy lather on your body " " All the love in this world , lady I 'll shower only on you heady " " All the kisses in this universe from your lips I 'll fill up my senses " Shall we get married ? M-a ... rr ... y Shall we ? When ? Don 't say ' anytime Now we are on a holiday Then you 'll give work as an excuse and 4 or 5 years will fly past us Don 't I know you only too well ? Our wedding will be in another 24 hours from this minute " The earth revolves nowadays stuck in ' selfie ' displays " " Show me a way , maiden to live in a cell phone 24x7 " " For a heart-to-heart chat Activate hormones to react " " Show me an App to contact and interact " " No misstep in a spider 's web " " No ' selfie ' please when you fondly tease " " Fling aside Facebook , darling Look at my face and have a fling " " Change a bit more into a wicked lover " " Love , nowhere else Now here , my lovely lass " " O ' lover boy , a trailer I need for our honeymoon indeed ! " So much has changed in these 4 years , right ? If you look at this case a single man But literally 1 man army ! He looks well trained but how did he - However rigorous his training may be 1 man can 't pound so many ! When he 's entering he 's walking in casually This is where his body language changes There 's something in that inhaler Our next move - If you want my help in this case there are some ground rules I must handle this case completely You must arrange the weapons I need and Malaysian Govt 's support This man should not talk to me or about this case hereafter Mr Malik , I already told you There 's no point bringing him here I 'll arrange all your requirements Mr Malik , he hasn 't been in service for 4 years First of all I don 't even know if you are medically fi - You cannot talk to me Forgot that rule already ? Listen I didn 't come to you asking for a job Your issue is Love attacked the Indian Embassy My concern He killed my wife Before you do a complete background check on Love and figure out how to tackle him ... I 'll close your chapter Do you get it ? Malik , do you need my help or not ? You can handle this case So for official records you need a case officer to handle this case Be an assistant to that officer Mr Malik , I can 't handle him If I should tackle this case with him as my assistant I don 't even know what problems I 'll face Ayushi , you must update every movement of Akilan 's 24x7 He can 't do anything without your permission When do you want to go to Malaysia ? Right now You said the Malaysian Govt will give us full support Is he that ' support ' ? This is my assistant Akilan He 's just an assistant ? ! This is your welcome pack Do you see this ? Emergency transponder If you are caught anywhere in Malaysia just press this slightly Malaysian Police will be right next to you ! Why did you press it now ? I was checking to see if you are alert In Malaysia , an assistant talking in front of the case officer is a mark of disrespect Please ask him to ... ! Understand ? Let 's go Pressed it by mistake I know it 's an emergency transponder Was pressed due to pressure ! Have you already sent 10 cars ? You 've even sent a helicopter ? Hello , your assistant - Officer , will you move aside ? Blocking the way like some ' creature ' ! He is even carrying the luggage ? At least let him be of some use to us ! This is a mobile unit Everything can be done from here Can be monitored from here Do you know this ? Among Asian police , Malaysian police is ranked # 1 5 hours since we requested an investigation on the inhaler Ask him what the Malaysian Police did ? His passport and application form They were both fake This inhaler is used by asthma patients when they have trouble breathing Like you rightly pointed out the medicine in this inhaler was not an asthma drug Identical to the original asthma drug Without the blue print how is it possible to replicate the logo and nozzle design ? From Rolex watches to Apple iPhones so many items have been duplicated , right ? That 's true That 's because from their factories the original blue print gets leaked out So the Chinese are able to copy it easily Is this inhaler 's company Kipla a Malaysian company ? Yes , a manager from Kipla was suspended 6 months ago For leaking the blue print If the common man gets to know , the company 's reputation will be ruined So they didn 't complain Who is the manager ? Were you able to get him ? Malaysian Police has a track record for speed ! We searched , found him and he is now in our head quarters So whom did he give that blue print to ? He hasn 't confessed He has sent for his lawyer There is no complaint against him till now So we can only talk to his lawyer Malaysian Police 's speed isn 't good enough Ask him to take me to that chap Madam , though I 'm a cop I can 't bend rules We must follow all that , right ? From Kipla company , why did you leak the asthma inhaler design ? I didn 't leak anything Talk to my lawyer If you didn 't leak , why did they suspend you ? I believe I report late for work daily They got frustrated and suspended me Listen , Balaji Your folly has led to a terrorist attack If you keep - I told you to talk to my lawyer I need 2 minutes alone with him What 's with your assistant ? We are waiting for his lawyer No one can talk to anyone here Ayushi Contact the top official in the Malaysian Govt You said the Malaysian Police will support us fully Please mention his name also 1 minute please What ... ? Govt has passed an order to support them If they complain , it might become messy You are due for your promotion now I 've been supportive Have I been fighting ? All you 've been doing till now is acting as a tourist guide , sir But I did that job well , right ? You got any complaints ? That 's my limit I can 't take any more risks What is the risk here ? He will talk to him for 2 minutes Besides he 's only an assistant Case officer is outside What can happen without your consent ? Go to the next level , sir What do you want now ? I 'll allow you to talk for just 2 minutes Even if you take 1 extra second I 'll follow everything from outside Got it ? Gotchitch ! Who is this now ? I asked for my lawyer , right ? I am well aware of the rules My family also has Govt employees and Police I know the rules too You can 't do anything Lawyer ... ? He is - What kind of a brute of an assistant is he ? Answer me You tell him He isn 't my assistant Then who is he ? Ex RAW agent He murdered 2 men and was suspended for 4 years Murdered ! And was suspended ? What the hell did you mean by ' next level ' ? Sir ... I didn 't leak anything You got no right to hit me If I complain to the Head office you can be suspended Did your cap fall off ? Is your shirt torn ? I 'm handling you like a flower , eh ? But look here Like an enraged bull from Alanganallur in Tamil Nadu ... he is ripping him apart to pieces Billy Murali ... Billy Murali ... ! Billy Murali is a don in an area inhabited by Tamils mostly He 's the chief for all illegal activities , prostitution , passport forgery etc Are you trying to go to the next level ? Sit down Billy Murali paid me I gave him the blue print I don 't know anything else I didn 't anticipate so many hassles at all Stopped , huh ? He has even butchered 2 policemen After hearing that news I steered clear of this area Now how do you both intend nabbing him ? It 's no joke Please let me know If we lure him with cash he will show up Hold this Why did he give it to - Sorry I assumed you were an assistant If you are a big shot in India same holds good for me here , sir We are equal - Then you also come with us Come with you ? She is going on an undercover mission I 'm wearing my uniform Sir , I 'll follow you from a distance You go ahead bravely In their ' Operation ' God knows how many operations I 'll undergo Come buy CD and DVD with 5.1 prints Can I get a passport here ? Fake passport Passport , huh ? We don 't have all that stuff here I have money I was told someone called Billy Murali arranges passports Sir , I don 't know anyone by that name Come and buy 2 for 10 ringgits Take your pick , sir Brother , will I get a passport here ? I can pay for it She is my wife We missed our passports when we came here It seems someone by name Billy Murali arranges passports Sir , we sell items needed for prayers and rituals We don 't know all that Leave this place Right away Come and buy 2 for 10 ringgits You are - Keep your bag and leave If you give us the passports she will pay you ! You won 't have a problem Otherwise ... ? Why ? Relax We are just talking terms These goons will thrash us and scoot without a trace That chap was alone in the station So our man had a field day They are fishing their guns out What will our agent do ? For the 1st time let me take it out Listen , our Visa has expired If we go to the airport the police will grab us , so - Who told you fake passports can be procured here ? Grab that bag from him 1 minute Wait Why are you in a hurry ? Don 't tell me I didn 't warn you What warning ? I can beat 4 men all by myself 4 , huh ? 6 of you , huh ? She can take on 2 singlehanded 2 okay for you ? Only 1 ? Heard that ? She can handle 3 it seems Bloody hand , stay still or I 'll chop you ! 3 + 3 = 6 Is my math right ? We 'll know only after we clash Suppose we mess it up ... he will shoot all of you Police , I say Run Was my math right ? Right ... right 3 + 3 is 6 Check if he is dead or unconscious Dead , huh ? Brother ? Bro ... ? He was strong as a rock Lying like last night 's rice now Are you a cop ? Take me from here Wait , girl Brother Fatso brother ? Thank God he is breathing He has regained consciousness Has he ? Then we can talk According to Malaysian Police rules - I wanted to tell him not to stab him I was too late ! What did you do with the blue print of Kipla company 's inhaler ? They are making a replica of it Who ? Peter Who is that Peter ? Aren 't you a cop ? Don 't you know ? He is the only supplier of fake medicine And fake equipment for hospitals in Malaysia Where is he now ? I haven 't seen him in person I swear I don 't know I know I know He sends hookers to Peter Even last month he sent me with 2 Thailand girls He is a beast who will stoop to any level for money Do you know the exact location ? We waited in Bukit Bintang junction They huddled us into a car The windows were raised But we reached his factory within 10 minutes They sent us back only the next day I was working in a school in my home town in India They brought me here promising me a lucrative job They confiscated my passport If we send this girl , will he take her to the same place ? I will call and tell him Akilan , she has no clue about all this How can we send her ? We must find that fake medicine factory We have no other option If they find out the reason they will kill her on the spot Hey , tell me the number I 'll go along with her If I go , I can be in touch with you continuously It will be easy to track us through me If she goes alone , gets nervous and if anything untoward happens our plan will go for a toss You know what I 'm saying makes sense , Akilan It is my responsibility to send you back home safe and sound Will you come with me without being scared ? If you will save me from here I 'll do whatever you ask me to Hey ! Call him Tell him 2 girls are coming Good , he didn 't send me like a broker along with them 2 girls 1 girl arrived in Malaysia only today She is really hot Find out if I can send them ? Hold He said yes As per your request 6 men With Mp5 submission gun Will they shoot ... ? Or will they also drop their guns down and danc - I got the gold medal in shooting in my training period Is it so ? Show me ? Due to a small misfire it turned into bronze What was your mistake ? Hands shivered a wee bit Aim wavered a way bit Then call it a teeny weeny mistake ! The case officer cannot talk in front of her senior here She is taking a dig at me Ask her to ... ! Dig it ? More or less buried ! Do you have prior experience ? Because you are setting up your tracker camera with expertise Do I look like a real prostitute ? Good lord ... 101 % How do you know ? Do you have prior experience ? Is this the place ? We waited here Whatever happens don 't be nervous Be bold This is the car Come What are they preparing ? Fake medicine Attack , sir When we 've confirmed it , why should we wait ? I want to see his face Wow ! Girls from our land You ... ? You 've already been here , right ? He is fully aware he shouldn 't resend the same girl Call Billy What is your name ? Sheela Can I check ? Ears are clear Necklace ... clear Anything in your hand - A spy camera now can be hidden in a small hairpin Watch camera is so outdated Used in yesteryear hero Jaishankar 's days Hello , are you sitting in a van using an iPad at the end of the road ? I want him alive From your coloring you look like ... media ? If they are the police - They will break in with a bang now ? Why did you attack the Indian Embassy ? Hello ! Why did you break in ? Isn 't the doorbell working ? Or did I refuse to open ? Do you know this is a huge offense ? You are a fine one to talk of offense ! I will arrest you now Do you have a warrant ? You have also killed my men According to 327 if I file a case you can be suspended you know 327 has been cancelled long ago - Didn 't inform him ? - What ? 327 was revoked last month , sir Revoked ? Why didn 't you update me ? Up to you to get updated , sir Both of us are Malaysians We shouldn 't expose each other Peter , can I talk to you alone for 2 minutes ? What ' sure ' ? - Don 't trust him - He just wants to talk to me He wants to pound you to a pulp ! If he is calling you aside don 't fall into his trap Focus only on our deal Don 't think Say ' yes' Okay Clear my name from all these cases of smuggling , fake medicine etc I 'll turn approver I will cooperate fully Just 2 tight whacks he will - Don 't be obsessed with blows Don 't you want to wrap it up soon ? He is a typical sand boa Trust my act , like a snake charmer I 'll make him spit the truth The Embassy attack The inhaler drug Mastermind is Love Who is in love with whom ? Love is his name 'How disgusting ! ' I manufacture only this casing here The drug to be filled is prepared by Love in his premises If both are in the same place , won 't it fall into wrong hands ? Why are you making it like a cure for asthma ? Only then it will be cleared by Customs abroad easily Airports Railway stations It can be carried into crowded places People will assume it is for asthma But no one will know what is actually in it What 's so special about this ? Watch this video Just to scare this old man a kid bursts a firecracker This elderly man must be around 75 years old When he is sitting quietly can he jump 2 ' high ? But how did he jump when the cracker burst ? When a person faces sudden danger his muscles and brain work 10 times more than his normal capacity Due to hormones secreted during impending danger Adrenalin You would 've seen in the News A mother lifted a car when her child was stuck below Or someone chased by a dog ? He will say , 'Bro , a dog chased me 'I ran for my life 'I don 't how but I jumped a wall 7 ' high' Reason is fear This seems like gross exaggeration How can this happen ? Can you identify this ? - What ? - Acid What if I fling it on your face - Hey ! I splashed only water Get up Just water Water , huh ? Who bent this ? I did Try to bend this Go on Some more ( grunts ) I can 't You could when it was acid But now you can 't Understood ? Sounded like a chemistry professor Now it 's loud and clear Same adrenalin makes the brain work Not few seconds But for 5 minutes When you inhale it , an illusive feeling of fear is created in the brain The eyes get dilated And the body stiffens Every muscle gains extra power Brain starts working with 10 times increased capacity Speed Wisdom Strength One who inhales this , more or less becomes a superhero for 5 minutes Did you say Speed ? You seem well read I jogged your memory , huh ? This drug isn 't new to our world Many decades ago it has been manufactured Hey ! This is so unusual for today 's times Who has done it earlier ? Hitler 'During the 2nd World War Hitler forced this on his soldiers 'With uncontrollable fury ... ' ' ... they could combat without food and sleep 'Armies of the other nations were completely shaken up 'They wondered how relentlessly only Hitler 's army could fight 'Even if they were shot they would never feel the pain 'But a problem he faced was this drug 's side effect 'When their fury intensified beyond control ... ' ' ... the soldiers started killing their own captains and superiors 'His dictatorial reign started collapsing 'So Hitler prohibited its usage 'After the 1940s that drug has resurfaced But if adrenalin which works only for a few seconds acts for 5 minutes won 't the body be affected ? That 's why I set a timer in the casing At the end of 5 minutes each muscle loses its strength It can take an hour or two for its effect to wear off By using this we become weak after 5 minutes , okay But if we inhaled it immediately ? Already the body would have reached its saturation point If you take it again , it will lead to a massive heart attack What is his exact plan of using this drug ? Indian Embassy attack was a demo for Speed 's business prospects After watching the News , offers are flooding in from terrorist groups With this Speed , any place in the world can be attacked easily And the deal has been finalized by a top level terrorist group 10,000 inhalers will be dispatched tonight Where are the casings to be sent to Love ? I 've already sent 5000 Balance 5000 loaded in the car His men will have it picked up by 1 : 00 p.m Sir , only 15 minutes to go Clear all the bodies All of you relax and be normal , okay ? Where is that vehicle ? She has to be rushed to the hospital , she 's bleeding heavily Love 's men They are here Clear those bodies We must take her to the hospital Fast ... fast Go ... go ... go Clean this , not here Go that side She 's bleeding heavily Muthaiah , take her behind that counter From when they enter till they leave I want pin drop silence Understand ? - Please come - Shards of glass here ? Oh ! That 's nothing 4-5 monkeys jumped in Key ... ? Muthaiah , ask 2 of your men to take that girl to the hospital - What are you looking at ? - Sir , she is dead You have no remorse for her death , right ? Of course I feel sad But your question won 't guilt my decision as wrong We need to follow them now Following them is your priority more than a girl 's life Aren 't we all doing our duty here ? If this chemical weapon is exported from here millions will die , is it okay ? Not only that The bullet hit her right below her heart , maximum 5 minutes That 's all Why don 't you think from her parents ' point of view ? Will you calculate 5 minutes like this ? Will you let her die in front of your eyes ? In front of my eyes they killed her My wife I didn 't cry because my wife was dead I went to work the very next day If that girl was my priority she would 've died They would 've escaped too Intelligence work requires mental strength to take split second decisions If at all someday you gain that mental strength ... I kind of lost it in there Before that period of 4 years You haven 't spoken about it to anyone No file has exact details What happened that day ? How did your wife Meera die ? Love ... won 't meet anyone else apart from the people he does business with So Meera and I created a record as Israeli mafia And we went to meet him undercover 'We set plastic explosives in the briefcase he was using for his transactions 'Amidst heavy security ... ' ' ... it was a long awaited meeting 'We met Love' 'Love and his men 'All of them died 'But his business contacts and his network 'The entire information was in that briefcase 'Silica gel 'Forensic team uses it to brush fingerprints 'Using that we accessed his laptop 'We got all the necessary information , contacts , manufacturing factories 'We immediately passed the information to our agency and initiated an attack 'Indian Army completely razed his manufacturing factory to the ground Hey ! Pickup point is to our left We are heading right You forgot , huh ? I told you in 24 hours I would marry you Exactly 4 hours still left So ... ? So ... let 's get married But Akilan , I need to get ready for the wedding I mean you look gorgeous This will be my wedding dress ? We have 4 hours Won 't that do ? Everyone gets at least 4 months to get married You are giving me 4 hours Adju ... oh ? Is that a yes ... or no ? " Aiyo ! In my heart a swing Swinging ... swaying " " In my life till now Ahaaa ... wow ! " " Aahaa ... up in the sky a path zig-zags high " " Changing into dew What a view ... whew ! " " Eyes chat a secret code " " Words now become a weary load " " Come close to me Glue together gladly " " When even ' near ' really seems far you see " " 7 births through I followed you " " How could you be oblivious to my search so obvious ? " " Just for you , day and night I sparkled in the sky bright " " How could you be oblivious to this firefly so obvious ? " " O ' ... ' maya ' so illusive Wispy cloud elusive ? " " O ' ... oh ... my sweet delusion Are you my flame of passion ? " - ------------SupunWe------------ " Thanks to you I changed too " " Wished a ring on my finger A lifetime gift to linger " " As trousseau , my beau I gave myself to you " " My mind waltzes filled with happiness " " In your home will be a special room for me " " Till death do us part you will stay with me , my heart " " Flowery vine on your shoulder spreads its fragrance forever " " Water you sprinkle will be sweet Embracing me with your retreat " " Are you my flame of passion ? " " Fiery spark of obsession ? " After Meera died for 6 months I searched and found out Love 's company And people he had transacted with I ensured not a single man who killed my wife was alive Only then I quit the agency 4 years till date Now again who is this man called Love ? Between him and Love whom I killed 4 years ago what is the connection ? Try calling our boss again Keep trying Better to inform him " Your fragrance will waft towards me still ? " " Will it continue to kill ? " 'I am telling you the truth 'I don 't know anything 'Why did you bring me here ? ' 'How am I responsible if your ship sinks in the sea ? ' Your skin will glow Do you know its speciality ? Nothing to worry But - Just a gentle dab on your skin Your 1st mistake Stealing from me 2nd blunder I sold it I sold it for $ 10 million ( whistling ) Don 't ... don 't do anything to me ( continues whistling ) 'Delivery taken 'No , a minor problem What is the problem ? 'Glass was scattered all over the floor The men were new Not the usual lot 'He was there But other than him , all the other guards were new Is anyone following you ? There are too many cars Not too sure Swerve right Yes , a grey Mustang Kill the driver and bring the body here Sir , they 've stopped at Putrajaya bridge The traffic camera over there - Ask him to use ' Speed' - Why , sir ? We have 8 of our boys He is just 1 single man Ayushi Check this Sir asked you to take ' Speed' We need him alive Bring him alive Who is he ? Does he look familiar to you ? I thought life was insipid and lacking spice Some bunker - Ayushi Get into the car Go to the Malaysian Police He wanted him alive I asked you to bring only him Actually he said bring him alive That 's why I - Kill her Bring him inside ( Humming ) Oh ! My God Everyone will run around for Love But you made Love run around , right ? This ... if this is used your skin would glow 1st mistake ... 4 years ago was you taking up this case 2nd blunder , 4 years later was you taking up the same case again Poor you ! Everything is your fault She didn 't die that day The bullet hit her head The people at the foothills had admitted her in a hospital You closed down my business and my company Will I let you off that easily ? I searched for you But not in the useless way you did You sent the police after me Even a helicopter It was all a waste Poor Meera ! She was alive But the hippocampus and temporal lobes in her brain Damaged Retrograde amnesia She didn 't even know her own identity When a man loses his memory in an accident his skills will still be intact If he or she is a good swimmer they can still swim well Same analogy with driving a car What is your wife 's speciality ? India 's best computer hacker and data analyst Shouldn 't I utilize that unique skill of hers ? World 's best plastic surgeons gave her facial reconstructive surgery And I took her in as my 1st employee In the last 4 years , Indian Police , Malaysian Police , International Police No one has been able to touch me No one even knows if someone called Love is dead or alive Do you know how I managed that ? My perfect firewall ... Rosy If any evidence or data pointing to me appeared online she would go right in and clear them all Do you want to check her sincerity ? Open that draw , dear There is a case in that draw Open it , dear You see a gun Pick it up See the guy sitting there ? Point the gun at his head , dear Load it , Rosy Place the gun back and - You thought you had killed me 4 years ago , right ? But the man you killed thinking it was me My only blood relation My younger brother Sir , the entire money in our account is draining Sir , our account is empty now Someone is accessing our bank details Whom did we meet finally at the border ? We did a thorough background check He is an Israeli mafia lord His name is Jordan Klein Run his mug shot through America 's CIA , Britain 's M16 And all other agency records In 5 minutes flat this place will be razed to the ground During the 26 / 11 Bombay attack . Indian and American agents met and were trained This photo was taken then You are a goner ! For business meetings And all these trivialities Do you think I 'll personally attend ? Saddam Hussein had 3 men ready at all times it seems Always great men should inspire us Hussein , Einstein , Hitler There are many such people in India But now even Hitler I 've beaten hollow No one can combat me with Speed without my consent Don 't get it ? When he inhaled Speed weren 't you the one who didn 't notice him ? ( whistling ) Dead and gone ! Good worker Clear the body A small electric pulse in the medulla oblongata Everyone is under my control Oh ! Your wife too Same rules In fact I fixed it in her neck Oh ! What a slender neck ! I wanted to ... eh ... eh ... hey ! I am not too fond of women But if only you joined hands with me We can rock ! And after this inhaler business now You can rule this world as king And I 'll be the queen What do you say ? ( whistling ) Malaysian police activity is a little more than usual Could it be because of him ? Why didn 't I think of this ? Agents like him won 't be here without backup support , right ? Sleeping drug Morphine 5ml solution Quick ! Keep him alive , till we confirm no one is aware of his arrival here Only 5 ml , right ? Don 't want him dead Meera ... ! " Caressing my cheek light you vanished from my sight " " My rivulets of tear My teardrops dear " " Then from nowhere , dear in my life you are now-here " " My sobs penitent My tears persistent " " Like refreshing rain then Now a blemished burden " " You stood still , o ' maiden " " In rhapsody that day As a whiplash today " " You killed me brutally in a way " " In a world of our own , me for you And you for me in ties tied true " " You bloomed to bewitch me as the azure blue sky in all its glory " " I saw your vision as mine forever You are my sole soul mate to savor " " In the blink of a second you vanished far and beyond " " As a corpse I lay in pain " " What did you gain waking me to kill me again ? " " In my dreams a honeyed ( re ) treat In reality why bitter , my sweet ? " " Like passing ships in the sea we are here Where is the love that bloomed once , dear ? " " Caressing my cheek light you vanished from my sight " " Then from nowhere , dear in my life you are now-here " " Like refreshing rain then Now a blemished burden " " You stood still , o ' maiden " " In rhapsody that day As a whiplash today " " Girl , you killed me by the way " " Then from nowhere , dear in my life you are now-here " " Caressing my cheek slight - " Piece of good news In fact 2 ! First , no one is searching for both of you Rosy told me 2nd piece of good news $ 2.1 billion By way of advance alone I sent across 2 samples of Speed The advance has been credited A top level terrorist group is testing those samples ... in India in the most fan-tas-tic manne - The two of you don 't know what 's happening in India , right ? Just 1 man He crashed the aircraft in Mumbai Little Angels Children Hospital At the same instant 178 passengers kaput Little children went to Heaven ! Oh ! Plane burnt to cinders Poor plane ... ! How did this happen ? One man ... he broke in Pounded the guards to a paste 275 , no 276 India 's greatest criminals Terrorists , villains are now happily roaming free in the streets How did this happen ? Soooper demand for my drug If only 2 inhalers can cause this effect tonight 10,000 After tonight our world will shift upside down I 'll be the only one ... standing straight Open that draw , dear Take out the gun , dear 1st check if it has bullets , dear What the he - 'Piece of good news In fact 2 ! ' 1st piece of good news My name isn 't Rosy Meera Someone promised to marry me within 24 hours And with 4 hours to go he married me in Kashmir His name is Akilan He 's the one My husband Transponder I was waiting for this It was in your jacket If I press this the Malaysian Police will be here within 10 minutes , right ? It 's 9 minutes now In another minute That was lightning fast ! You don 't understand how all this happened , right ? In your geeeenius brain Your gray cells will provide all the answers Activate them Who pressed the transponder ? Answer my question Now this is under the control of the Malaysian Police If any enquiry has to be made it can be carried out only in our headquarters You ... ! You - And you Take care ! Don 't leave anything behind Chemicals , plus his personal items I need everything there , got it ? We 've been travelling for 15 minutes without talking Not 15 minutes 4 years I was in that hospital suffering from amnesia is the truth From the day Love took me along with him I was working for him sincerely But 6 months ago he made this Speed drug When he started talking business and terrorist organizations got involved Interpol , CIA started tracking him severely If this drug business had to be finalized without any hitch then Love 's defense system had to be even stronger So Love made me consume that Speed drug 'Then my brain worked 10 times more than its normal strength 'No police force in the world would be able to find him 'I created a fool proof defense system for him 'But along with that ... ' ' ... some memories of my past cached in my brain ' ... parts I hadn 't accessed in the last 4 years got activated 'Every time I used the inhaler I remembered new episodes 'I kept feeling I had a distinct past 'As if I had lived a different life 'To generate those memories that inhaler became an addiction 'Shall we get married ? ' 'In a time frame of 2 weeks I started seeing your face After that every time I used Speed I kept seeing your face 'I realized I had some connection with that face 'I ran that face through the world 's population database 'That 's when I found out 'Your name is Akilan' 'You are a RAW agent 'Your last mission was to kill this Love' 'And above all you were married 'Your wife 's name is Meera' 'I found myself staring at my photo ! ' I realized I was working on the wrong side 'My life was in his clutches 'A small electric pulse in the medulla oblongata I wasn 't bothered about my life But if I was no more I could not stop this racket I made him tattoo the Love symbol in the nape of my neck 'After that I waited for his 1st Embassy attack 'Seeing the Love-tattoo ... ' ' ... I thought our agency would be alerted I was expecting you to come back Just as I expected you arrived on the scene But as soon as he said 3-2-1 you didn 't even bat an eyelid And you shot me In the records I noticed we were both RAW agents Won 't I be able to guess if a gun is loaded by its weight ? I swear I can 't In any given situation if I was ordered to shoot you - Whether the two of us will be together depends on the answer to an important question What question ? That female with you Dressed like a prostitute Is she your girlfriend ? Or have you already married her ? Got 2 kids Marriage ... ? I had promised to marry within 24 hours from now You stuck a gun in between , confused me - ( whistling ) Use that corner Open the door Let me out Look here If only you let me out you would be the king of this world And I 'll be the queen What do you say ? I need to go to the toilet Open the door , open the door Open the door , open the door OPEN THE DOOR ! Ope - ( choking ) Prison is in lockdown mode I 'm stuck inside Love is also here I 've reconstructed the device ( whistling ) ( whistling ) Are you okay , my dear ? Are you hurt ? I aimed for those two You came in between Remove your hand Small cut For 5 seconds 10 ml blood loss means 120 ml for 1 minute Going by your body weight You 'll be alive for 15 more minutes Exactly 6 minutes for the emergency team to arrive While going back from here they will zip it , in 2-3 minutes 2 minutes to perform the emergency procedure Total of 11 minutes You will survive Now if the vein next to your cut The jugular vein Just 1 centimeter this side If that had been slit this is very dangerous Bleeding heavily Now 20 ml for 5 seconds 240 ml for 1 minute Calculating by your body weight ... you 'll live for just 7 and ½ minutes more Now chances of your survival Little difficult Very tough No luck , you 'll die Baby , did you record all my fights and stunts ? Next in my program - ( overlap of various TV News channels ) He escaped Where 's Ayushi ? The video is still playing Switch on the Bluetooth 'Prison is in lockdown mode 'I 'm stuck inside 'Love is also here 'I don 't know how long I can hold 'I have reconstructed the device 'Akilan , I don 't know if I 'll be alive 'Are you okay , my dear ? ' 'Now if the vein next to your cut 'The jugular vein 'Just 1 centimeter this side If that had been slit ... ' 'Very tough 'No luck , you 'll die She has reconstructed this But without Love 's fingerprint this is of no use You know where he exports that Speed inhaler from , right ? Only he is privy to the transactions outside the lab But he had a phone with him I 'm sure he would have been in touch with someone His last satellite call has been received by another Sat phone at Royal Malaysian Hospital Muthaiah , who would be using a satellite phone in the hospital ? Royal Malaysian Hospital ? He was admitted there a week ago Okay , I need to meet him Sir , it was a satellite phone How can you be sure he received the call ? Without influence at a high level you can 't export from Malaysia Transport minister is our target I need to make a call 'Ayushi told me about the inhaler export and Meera' For the last ½ hour I 'm trying to reach her What 's happening there ? Love killed Ayushi and quite a few Malaysian cops and escaped Ayushi ? There 's only 1 way to prevent his export I need your help One Mr Chang here is the Malaysian Transport minister He is holed up for the last 1 week in a hospital with high security You need to arrange a meeting with him Do you realize the gravity of the situation ? This is just 2 inhalers Tonight 10,000 inhalers are being exported I 'll call in 5 minutes Sir , apart from Akilan 's tall claims we have no other evidence If we need more evidence Akilan has to speak to him Akilan , that Transport minister is pulling a fast one He says the only love he knows is his wife ! That will do Keep it in mind I am fully aware of the diplomatic situation I need just 2 minutes of his time '2 minutes , eh ? ' Muthaiah , you know that hospital ? Ayushi 's formalities - Inform her family and - I 'll take care " Fragrance will waft of flowers in fact " What 's happening there ? But ... there 's an issue Indian agent Akilan has used Govt clout He 's meeting the Transport minister Only the Transport minister is aware of the source of our export Minister Chang Yeng I 'll take care of it Speed up the schedule He is the person who will be going inside I 've heard a lot about you ( whistling ) Who is it ? I had requested for a change of room Have you come to shift me ? I had requested a shift to the top floor You 'll be shifting me now , right ? Top floor , eh ? Much higher than that ! What 's happening to me ? Whatever it is , will be conveyed only after 24 hours ( counting ) What have you done ? You were fine Why did you do this ? I had got tickets for our Superstar 's film What will I do ? And now you 're lying unconscious Can I share a joke with you ? ( loud laughter ) Doctor is busy flirting Stay put Suxamethonium chloride C14 H30 N2 O4 If I should say it in a lingo you will understand in a few minutes you will be numb But eyes alone Who is this boy ? I got you something Knife ! I 've changed my mind The hero that you are I shall transform into a villain ! Bearded bozo ! Ta-ta ( loud nonstop laughter ) We 've cleared all the formalities to send the body to India , ma 'am Just listen to-what I am saying Don 't react Love has killed the Malaysian minister And he has framed me Malaysian Police is trying to hunt me down If they see you they will immediately arrest you Is any cop near you ? I 'm surrounded only by cops ! Come out quietly You don 't understand the situation I 'll trust you , sir But how do I convince them ? It has been recorded in the camera There 's no way out Please surrender Listen to me Tonight Love is exporting the Speed inhaler consignment If it goes outside Malaysia , then we can 't stop it Hordes of people will die because of you Are you okay with that ? What should I do now ? For the 1st time in your life be an Indian police For a good cause Break the rules With a ' Mr Clean ' image till date I 've been with the Malaysian police After retirement I thought I could rest peacefully But I am being screwed royally ! He paralyzed me 1 minute The Transport minister scribbled something before he died Take a look What could LXJ mean ? Open the console in front of you What is the password ? Hack the system You make it sound very easy How do I hack it ? Press Ctrl + Alt + F3 at the same time In the Malaysian document database cross refer the key word LXJ What is the button for cross referen - We need to exchange our jobs You should fiddle with the computer And I should - I can handle the computer But the car has to be driven fast , right ? That is a moot - " Zip zap zoom , like a bat out of hell Put the pedal to the metal " Hey ! Can you slow down ? How will I type ? " You can 't race me Fast as only I can be " " Can 't keep pace with me you 'll get all shaky " " Watch the anti-climax " " Two faced pranks " Stupid of me to question your driving skill , okay ? What is LXJ ? We 've got 19 references It will take a while , wait " Do a ton Floor it , on the run " " Step up pronto Accelerate on the go ! " " Don 't drive into the kingdom of doom Large loom , zip zap zoom " " In my area , I am the Raja " " Ask around , dude Always fun-mood " " Moustache , beard swag What an attitude , stag ! " " Hero or villain , who is he ? Face off and tell me " " Bum-chum , buddy " " Partner sturdy " " If you come on to the scene " " It 's rollicking fun to the power umpteen " " Follow me " " You know me " " Come , get me " " On my toes , I 'm ready I 'll turn you into a dead body " " Hand in glove " " Hand and glove " " If you show up , Love " They are following us real close How many cars ? Three No ... no , four " I will smash you seriously A royal mess you 'll be " Howzzat ? ! Your husband is hot , right ? " Tyres screech to a crescendo " " Silencer bursts in the gun oho ! " " Quick ... quintuple quick " " Faster than greased lightning " " This one you know You were hunting high and low " " You 'll figure out later 2 faced monster " " Gotcha in a nano-minute Sparks fly , you 've had it " " Turn ... turn ... return No heartburn " LXJ is an old army base The Transport minister has got air clearance for Love to fly from here " I will plan meticulously to wipe you out totally " Akilan , only 20 minutes left for that plane to take off " You 'll be under my mercy " Akilan , we must stop the export You have to be conscious He looked better with a beard ! Muah ! After 4 minutes Everyone will slip and slide in love You are making even Love slip ! Muah ! You have only 15 seconds left Now ... 14 Akilan , are you on the line ? Meera ! Were you able to get at least 1 fingerprint ? Just for that 1 fingerprint ... I got pounded to a pulp Silica gel Forensic team use this to brush fingerprints 'You have only 15 seconds left 'Now ... 14' ( whistling ) ( whistling continues ) Trying your tricks with ME , huh ? ! You have only 15 seconds left What does that mean ? Now ... 14 'Everyone will slip and fall in love But now Love himself will slip and fall into oblivion ! Super , huh ? Life should be enjoyed like this A month ago the entire Malaysian Police was looking for us Now they have themselves sponsored us on this cruise But we should use it Not waste it What shouldn 't we waste ? Our next plan 4 years since we got married So ... ? So make babies for a happy family Next step Before you go missing again Hello ! It took you 3 years to propose to me Baby-plan is all fine 'But I have an assignment 'This isn 't a good time We 'll see later You 'll say this and postpone it for 4-5 years Don 't I know you well enough ? We will have a baby soon Within 2-3 years ? Much sooner That means ? In 10 months ? Much , much sooner How is that possible ? In another 24 hours ... baby In 24 hours " Zip zap zoom , like a bat out of hell " " Whizzz ... put the pedal to the metal " " Drive left , bang ... bash Swerve right ... clash " " You can 't race me Fast as only I can be " " Can 't keep pace with me you 'll get all shaky " " Watch the anti-climax " " Two faced pranks " subtitled by rekhs assisted by harini , kirthi , sethumadhavan " Do a ton Floor it , on the run " " Step up pronto Accelerate on the go ! " " Don 't drive into the kingdom of doom Large loom , zip zap zoom " " In my area , I am the Raja " " Ask around , dude Always fun-mood " " Moustache , beard swag What an attitude , stag ! " " Hero or villain , who is he ? Face off and tell me " " Bum-chum , buddy " " Partner sturdy " " If you come on to the scene it 's rollicking fun to the power umpteen " " Follow me " " You know me " " Come , get me " " On my toes , I 'm ready I 'll turn you into a dead body " " Bum-chum , buddy " " Partner sturdy " " If you 're a bully " " Follow me " " You know me " " Come , get me " " On my toes , I 'm ready I 'll turn you into a dead body " " Tyres screech to a crescendo " " Silencer bursts in the gun oho ! " " Quick ... quintuple quick Faster than greased lightning " " The one you know You were hunting high and low " " You 'll figure out later 2 faced monster " " Gotcha in a nano-minute Sparks fly , you 've had it " " Come , get me " " Just You vs Me " " My ' biryani ' you 'll be " " Fun and frolic never before seen " " Never mess me " " Wanna chase me " " Can 't touch me " " I 'll t ( h ) rash you happily A total wreck you 'll be " " Come , get me " " Just You vs Me " " My ' biryani ' you 'll be " " Fun and frolic never before seen " " Never mess me " " Wanna chase me " " Can 't touch me " " I 'll t ( h ) rash you happily A total wreck you 'll be " - ------------SupunWe------------
