 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... This is S.H.I.E.L.D. So tell me , are your people aware they 're harboring a murderer , or do they just not care ? Gabe doesn 't know about the night job . And he never will . Understood ? Dr. Lucy Bauer . Joseph 's wife . Hugo : We could 've been in there for hours . We have been in there for years . You shouldn 't have used the darkhold . This is all because of your obsession with that damn book . Coulson : I don 't know what it is , but I do know that it 's in all of our best interests to keep it out of the wrong hands . May : What does she want with him ? Lucy : We are going to fix me ... And then finish what we started . Vincent : Systems online . Everyone make a final crosscheck . Hugo : You want to check that cable again ? I just got your message . How ? We 're months away from a beta test . Joe had a breakthrough . Where did that come from ? I built it . It 's the secret sauce that we 've been missing . You guys know anything about this ? No . Thanks . I feel so much better knowing that if I die in a fiery explosion , my eyeballs will survive . Maybe we need more power . Whoa ! Is everyone okay ? - What ? - No way . - Is that ... ? - Carbon . That 's impossible . Not anymore . Nothing is . See , it gets absorbed into here , okay ? And then it gets broken down and stored in a quantum state . It can be kept indefinitely , or it can be discharged back into the chamber and converted into matter . Think of it as a quantum power cell . I don 't know how you made the leap . It 's beyond belief . Well , before we publish , we 're gonna need to replicate the cube and scale up the chamber , but if my calculations are correct , I mean , we 're gonna be able to eventually create complex compounds , and then organic materials - - wheat , rice . I mean , who knows ? Maybe we can even end starvation . Hey , it doesn 't add up . There was more energy at the end of the experiment than there was at the beginning . Yes . That 's the genius of it . It violates the first law of thermodynamics . I mean , how do you create matter from nothing ? We had help . A book . It showed us - - book ? What - - what book ? Uh , sweetie , uh , maybe we 've done enough celebrating got tonight , huh ? Hey , Joe , what 's this book she 's talking about ? I mean , maybe we can we see it . It 's mine . You just do whatever I tell you to do , and everything 's gonna work out fine . Agents down . Lucy Bauer was here , but she 's long gone . Wait . Hold - - uh , agent may , can you go back and give me another look at where the cables connect to the chamber ? Sure . Yeah , okay , that 's - - that 's - - that 's definitely different from before . Uh , there 's a number of pieces missing . She must have taken them . She already has the book , the power cells ... My guess is she 's trying to replicate the experiment and reverse the process . Un-ghost herself . Is that why she took Eli morrow ? He 's part of her original dream team . Maybe she needs him to do something she can 't . What ? Show her face without scaring children ? The momentum facilities are controlled by us now , so she needs a new place to work . We need to find her before someone else gets hurt . Hey , Mr. canelo , it 's , uh , Gabriel reyes . I was just wondering if Robbie showed up to work this morning . No , he - - he took the charger a few days ago . I haven 't heard from him . Oh , no , I - - i-i-i tried . I just - - Gabe ? It 's Daisy Johnson . Can I call you back ? Where 's my brother ? I 'm here to take you to him . How come he didn 't come ? Or call ? I think it 'd be better if you heard it from him . Okay , if you think I 'm just gonna get in some car and - - who said anything about a car ? Can 't you just send Nathanson ? Mm , it 's not so much a request as an assignment . A top-secret , very classified , " for your eyes and ears only " assignment . But I thought the new S.H.I.E.L.D. was transparent , limited only by your colorful spectrum of security . That 's mostly true , uh , but this assignment isn 't coming from me or anyone else within S.H.I.E.L.D. It 's a favor for the United States government . Could you be more specific about the details of this assignment ? Only that , as the leading scientific authority on inhumans , your expertise has been requested by people at the very highest levels . Agent Simmons , I 'm sure you can appreciate that cooperation with the U.S. government is crucial as we begin a new era here at S.H.I.E.L.D. So please , help me help the U.S.A. help us . Fine . I 'll go . Just give me a few hours to pack , gather my equipment , and tie up some loose ends . Uh , I guess i wasn 't clear . You have to leave now . Can you at least tell me where - - the quinjet is ready , sir . Mm . Oh . We 're going together . No . The quinjet 's for me . I have my own mission . Uh , but this is for you . " A team that trusts is a team - - " don 't . Gabe : Robbie . Hey , what 's up , man ? Look , uh , sorry about all the drama . I 'm just glad to see you 're safe . Me ? What about you , disappearing like that ? I thought you trusted me . Well , I do . Then why are you hiding such a big secret ? I didn 't tell him anything . She doesn 't have to . I can do the math . The nights you 're away , the blood on your clothes . Now this ? I wanted to tell you for a long time . It 's just ... How do you tell your brother that you 're - - a secret agent ? You know , he wanted to , but he couldn 't . He took an oath , 'cause , well , it 's a secret . Hey , I - - I get it . This is ... Super-dope . And kind of a relief . Sometimes I 'd find blood in the sink . I was afraid it was something else . Like what ? Something bad . Well , you can relax now that you know the truth . How come you 're telling me now ? We had to bring you in for your protection . Tío got snatched out of prison . We were worried that the person who took him might try to grab you for leverage . But the important thing is that you 're safe now , and we 're gonna find your uncle Eli . This chamber should work . Yes . But it 's these power cells that 'll save me . What 's the book telling you ? Why the experiment failed before . It didn 't fail . It was sabotaged . Even if Joe had completed it , there wasn 't enough power . That 's why we 're here , isn 't it ? This facility can generate close to 20,000 megawatts . You realize that if anything goes wrong , thousands could die . Not my problem . Any updates on Lucy Bauer and Eli morrow ? No , sir , but there 's a quinjet approaching . Agent coulson , this is director Jeffrey mace . You 're harboring two fugitives - - the inhuman known as quake and an enhanced individual who can control fire . I 'm here to take them into custody . Prepare to be boarded . Jeff . Phil . As a former director , i have a better sense than most at how precious your time is - - how important it is to prioritize the critical from the trivial . Which makes me wonder why you 'd wasted half a day flying here on a wild goose chase . Oh , it 's not a wild goose chase if there are geese . Do you deny they 're on board ? Geese ? I have zero geese . We are goose-free . Hm . Find them . Into the containment module - - now ! The new director boarded with a tac team , and he wants to take you both into custody . What ? Why ? Why ? Really ? Just get in the damn box . You , too , ironside ! Hey , screw you , black Kojak ! No one moves this thing except for me ! I like this kid . Look , no offense , but you can 't be here , any of you . Going down . You know what a hero is ? You really gonna do this ? Everybody loves Han Solo - - rebel , rule-breaker , a lone wolf - - but to my old-fashioned sensibilities , he 's not a hero . He 's just a guy who always puts himself first . I agree . A real hero is a team player , someone who acts selflessly . Not sure you heard the part where I agreed . Personally , i always felt that admiral ackbar was the unsung hero - - a strategic military man who led combat ops against the empire . Is that how you see it , Phil ? S.H.I.E.L.D. is the empire , and your ragtag group is the rebels ? I 've devoted everything to S.H.I.E.L.D. I gave my life for it , literally . Oh , I don 't deny that you 've done a lot of good in the past , but a true hero doesn 't protect a brutal killer . What are you talking about ? Yesterday , your fiery friend killed a prisoner named Santino noguera . Was the man a murderer with three strikes ? Yes . But the legal system sentenced him to prison , not to death . Listen , Phil , I understand your desire to protect Daisy Johnson . She 's a former S.H.I.E.L.D. agent . But this other guy is a problem . The world has its eyes on S.H.I.E.L.D. , and we can 't afford to be in business with a murderer . Now , where is he ? Daisy : Don 't worry . You 're safe . Even if we detach , it has thrusters that - - I understand the science . I 'm not worried we 're gonna fall . Worried about what you 're not telling me . Why are we hiding in here ? Daisy : It 's because of me . I used to be an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. , but I left , and now the director 's hunting me down . Why do Robbie and i have to hide ? Aren 't you a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent , too ? Yes , he is , but - - stop . I appreciate what you 're trying to do here , but ... I can 't lie to him anymore . You deserve the truth . All of it . Uncle Eli know you 're borrowing his car ? Why aren 't you in bed , boy ? Bed 's for people who aren 't taking honors classes , who don 't have soccer practice , who don 't want to go to college . So why aren 't you in bed ? Business opportunity . You 're racing again ? What can I say ? This cholo 's like an atm . I won a grand off him last week . Now he wants a rematch . Is that guy with the fifth street ? There 's a reason they call them the locos . Naw , he ain 't like that . He just likes to race . You want to come ? No , I can 't . Got to finish a lab report for science . " All work , no play ... " Gets me into Stanford or Berkeley . Yeah , I know . But will it make you happy ? I mean , look at tío . He 's got all those degrees , bought this sweet car , never has time to enjoy it . All he does is work . You want to be like him ? Come on . Live a little . I 'll help you with your homework when we get back . Okay . But you are not helping me with my homework . Need to get an " a . " So , what is different now ? Why does Lucy Bauer think that she can succeed this time ? She has the book . Yeah , but she had it back then , too . Didn 't stop her from getting ghost-toasted . There must be something - - something new . Did you get my inventory from momentum labs ? Yep . I 'm looking at it just now . It seems like they took everything crucial , apart from the main - - hey . Hey ! What the hell ? ! Director 's orders . Oh . Oh , I 'm sorry . Well , in that case , you should check under the microscope and in the fridge , 'cause those inhumans can be tricky bastards . Yeah , you can tell the director this is just one giant snark hunt . That 's British for a bloody waste of time . Feel better ? Nope . Not in the least . 'Cause I don 't like the way they 're hunting down Daisy like an animal . I don 't trust the new director , and if Simmons doesn 't call me back soon , I swear , I 'm gonna ... You worried about her safety , or are you two going through something ? Not sure . Maybe both . Power . Yeah . It 's power . Momentum couldn 't produce enough energy at their lab , so she needs a place with more power . Start looking into it . Are you still beating yourself up about that night ? What night ? He blames himself that I 'm in the chair . 'Cause it 's my fault . It was bad luck . There 's no such thing as luck . There 's decisions and consequences . And I made a whole lot of bad decisions that night . Like bringing you along . Hey , so how fast are we gonna go in this race ? First of all , we aren 't racing , all right ? I am . You 're gonna watch . Secondly , it 's not about fast . It 's about torque . Quarter mile , zero to 60 , Max acceleration . What ? How come you didn 't go back and finish school ? You know why . That was then . We 're doing okay now . I mean , if you went back , maybe you could be an engineer like tío . Gabe , i love what I do , man . I 'm good at it . Besides , I 'd rather be working on cars than getting worn down in an office . You noticed that tío 's been acting different lately ? Yeah . It 's this project he 's working on . Says his boss is out of control , like he 's gone power mad or something . See , that 's another reason i like what I do . Only power I got to worry about is horsepower . Ah , come on . Iandale , viejo ! We got some money to make . Fifth street ! Just stay down ! We 'll get out of this ! I couldn 't move , couldn 't feel my legs . I was just lying there . And I saw you . Robbie ? No ! No ! I was sure you were dead . 'Cause I was dead . Oh , hey , uh , coulson ? Uh , he 's still escorting the director around . I need access to some redacted ssr files . Well , I can 't help you . Doesn 't Simmons have clearance ? Yeah , probably , except she 's not answering her phone , and no one seems to know where she is . Uh , may 's found some equipment at momentum lab which was originally manufactured by a company called Isodyne . Never heard of it . Right . Well , that makes two of us . But may has , so might point us in the direction of Lucy Bauer . Oh , uh , the ... Director hasn 't found you-know-who and you-know-who ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Right . Me neither . Come on , man , you 're crazy . Am I ? What do you remember about the fifth street attack ? You mean after I thought you were dead ? I guess ... It was the good samaritan . I heard his motorcycle pull up . Help ! Please , sir ! Please help me ! Next thing I know , he ... Pulled me to safety . Who was this guy ? Don 't know . Never saw him . Just some good samaritan . He stopped , saved us , and moved on . I remember he went over to you . He bent down to check on you . And then you moved . That 's when I knew you were alive . Yeah . That 's not what happened . Well , the first part is like you said . The fire , the chase , the shooting . But what I remember most is feeling like I screwed up that because of me , you were going to die . We both were . We didn 't . We survived . Now , this is the part i never told you , the thing I tried to hide . When I was thrown from the car ... I begged god , i begged the universe , I begged anyone who would listen , that you be spared . I swore that I 'd give anything to save you . Don 't stop there . Then what ? Then I hit the street ... And I died . And there 's nothing . It 's just darkness . Then I heard a voice . It was asking me if I wanted a second chance , did I want to punish those who hurt my brother , did I want to avenge my own death . I answered , " yes . More than anything , yes . " And I was alive again . And you 're right . There was someone there when I came to . But it wasn 't a good samaritan . It was the devil . And whatever was inside him , he passed it into me . Ghost rider . That 's the deal I made . I swore to go after those who spilled innocent blood . And then I was reborn . You killed all those locos . No . No . That wasn 't me . The thing inside me . It craves vengeance . Those gangsters got what they deserved for what they did to you . Did to me ? I 'm fine . You ever hear me complain ? So I can 't walk anymore . I didn 't ask for that , but I 'm fine with it . Don 't you put their blood on me . Oh , she 's a real beauty , Phil . '69 charger , bds blower , am I right ? Yes , you are . Yep . I collected hot wheels as a kid . Well , they don 't make them any hotter than this one . So , I hope you 're satisfied that the enhanced people you 're searching for are nowhere in the plane . I am . And I appreciate your respect for the directorship , Phil , that you didn 't lie to me . 'Cause , technically they 're not inside the plane , are they ? I 've been on the Zephyr enough to notice when the containment module is missing . Okay , this looks bad , but I 've seen coulson talk his way out of tighter spots than this . Sir , I know the timing isn 't great , but I need you to authorize clearance so I can access redacted ssr - - I 'll take that , agent Fitz . We have a more pressing issue . I-i know , I know , but it 's just a few signatures . I believe it could lead us to Lucy Bauer and Eli morrow . Finding those two is our top priority . If Fitz can determine where they are , we have to act immediate- - you know where my uncle is ? You 'll get a fair trial . What about my uncle ? We 'll take every appropriate action once we 've landed . Turn your plane around . We 're going back to h.Q. , where these people will be detained and charged . There 's no way I 'm going back to their base . My uncle 's in trouble . It 's called a containment module for a reason . Coulson : Sir , I don 't think you 're considering the threat level that these two people represent . Securing a known fugitive and a killer is more important than rescuing an escaped convict . Yeah , but it 's not just Eli morrow who 's in danger . I believe that what Lucy Bauer is trying to achieve could theoretically affect thousands of people . Jeffrey , I 'd argue that Daisy and Robbie are already secure . We should listen to - - it 's director mace , and I 'd be more amenable to your suggestions if you 'd been honest with me from the start . But by wasting my time , you 've wasted my goodwill . Now turn the plane around and return to h.Q. ! I 'm not going back to their base ! Daisy : Robbie ! Don 't give them more reasons to be afraid of you . It 's not me they need to be afraid of ! It 's the other guy , and he wants out ! Will it hold ? No one 's broken out yet , and it 's held some pretty potent individuals . Robbie , stop ! What 's gonna happen ? Close your eyes . Is he an inhuman ? Claims he made a deal with the devil . Which is nonsense . You know , the rationalist in me wants to agree , but skull on fire presents a pretty compelling argument for " hail Satan . " Fitz ? We still good ? Yeah , yeah , absolutely . The module 's poly-adaptive material is the most sophisticated compound that S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s - - that 's not possible . No , I have to see this . Robbie , that 's enough ! Stop ! We 'll do what you want ! Robbie ! No ! We 'll find your uncle ! Stop ! Robbie ! Robbie , look at me ! Stop ! Robbie ! Get me out of here . You find anything ? Yeah , but I tell you , though , whoever created this tapestry of security nonsense is a total wanker . Honestly , even with coulson 's signature , do you know how hard it was for me to find someone with a Roy-g-biv clearance just so I could unredact these files ? Uh , do I have to pretend to be outraged , or can we get to it ? Frustrated that nobody seems to know where Simmons is . Anyway , it looks like agent may was right about Isodyne . Peggy Carter and her team encountered them back in the ' 40s . They were conducting experiments on something called " zero matter , " or " dark force . " Who names these ? Are there focus groups for evil things ? Isodyne doesn 't exist anymore . Its assets were acquired by roxxon corporation in the ' 50s . And guess who holds all the land deeds to momentum lab facilities . Are you gonna guess ? Well , seems like kind of a no-brainer , but is it ... Roxxon ? It 's like you 're psychic . This roxxon power plant closed down years ago because of safety violations . But if Lucy Bauer can get it operational , it 's got more than enough power for her experiment . Let 's reroute the Zephyr and send the coordinates to may 's quinjet . We can rendezvous there . Shouldn 't we wait until coulson convinces the director to go along with the plan ? No . Mace is a reasonable guy . We do not negotiate with terrorists . I don 't think it 's fair to paint Mr. reyes as a terrorist . He 's a murderer who attacked us and threatened to take down this entire plane if we didn 't cede to his demands . How is that not a terrorist ? It sounds a little fox news to me , but you 're not wrong . It doesn 't change the fact that we have no way to contain Mr. reyes . He 's also the only person we know who can take out Lucy Bauer . We need him . He 'll have to pay for what he did . I agree . But today 's not that day . Okay , I 've done everything you 've asked . There 's no way to turn this off . This plant was shut down for a reason . It could blow at any time . Well , then , you better work faster . I wish Joe were here to see this come to life . This is his crazy dream . Joe was a genius . And you ruined his life . Joe got what he deserved . My nephew 's in a wheelchair because of those thugs he hired . Oh , don 't act like you 're innocent in all of this . It 's that damn book . I tried to warn you about it . You wouldn 't listen . Joe ... I told you to stay out . You need help . Hey , look , we 're worried about you . Hey , just - - just give me the book . Get - - get out ! He 's insane . Changing the specs without consulting us ? We got to get that book away from him . You have to trust us . - Trust ? - Trust . Did you just see what happened ? This is about safety . The energy stored in those power cells could kill all of us if anything goes wrong . You know , I - - i don 't even know what this project 's goal is anymore . The goal ... Has changed slightly . We are still creating matter from nothing , but the book revealed something exciting . We no longer need a machine to generate it . Joe 's trying to generate matter himself ? Think of all the good that we can do . We 're not just creating elements , but compounds , material , life . He wants to be a god . Where do you think the book came from ? You 're just as insane as he is . God didn 't write that book . The devil did . You are just jealous . Because you want the book for yourself . You 're damn right . I want it so I can destroy it , before it destroys all of us . They 're definitely here . The plant started producing energy about an hour ago . The stats are high and very unstable . Turbines can blow and destroy the whole building , or the dam could break and wipe out everything in its path . So , no pressure . What are we waiting for ? Remind me why he 's here after what he did to mace . Mr. reyes wants the safe return of his uncle as much as we want the power plant shut down . And I 'm gonna stop that lady the way I stopped the other ghosts . And who 's gonna stop you ? Daisy : Hey , guys ? I 've got some big , fat , disappointing news . I can 't hack in and shut down the plant 's operating system from here . Well , you 're out of practice . Too much punching , not enough hacking . Very funny . No , I can 't hack in because their system isn 't on a network . It predates the Internet . Coulson , how did anything ever get done back in the old-timey days ? I ask myself that all the time . Okay , you heard Daisy - - we 're gonna have to do this from the inside . Fitz and mack are the engineers . Focus on shutting the power plant down . We 'll rescue Eli morrow . Got it . Okay , then . West and down another level to the control room , and not that you care , but the power surges are growing more frequent and more intense . Mack : You 're just full of good news today , aren 't you ? If it makes you feel any better , I 'd rather be there with you than up here on injured reserve . May , are your comms working ? Negative . Just static . Daisy , do you copy ? Are you there ? No . But I am . Find my uncle . I 've got this . Am I supposed to be afraid of you ? My uncle is Eli morrow . Of course . I 've seen your picture . You 're his nephew Gabriel , like the angel . No . I 'm the other one . It wasn 't supposed to be you boys . Joe hired that gang to take out Eli . You think that makes me feel better ? I don 't care how it makes you feel . I just wanted you to understand why I 'm going to kill him . May : They 've re-created the entire experiment . I need you to get this out of here . Okay , but shouldn 't we dismantle all of this first ? If this book is half as powerful as everyone thinks it is , then getting it out of here and hiding it somewhere safe is our top priority . You 're the only one I trust . Fitz : Oh , this is bad , very bad . Why won 't this power down ? It 's not like we 're idiots . I 've built boards like this before . I understand what 's supposed to happen . Yeah , well , maybe they did something to it with that book that they have . What ? Like put a spell on it ? No , no , of course not . But the book could 've showed them a different way to power it . I mean , think about it - - their power cells are full of quantum tech that we might never understand . What - - what about one of those , uh - - those perpetual emps from Miami ? Maybe it would disrupt all of this without blowing us to kingdom come . Yeah , let 's do it . All right , there 's one on the Zephyr . I 'll have Daisy send it down in the containment module . Daisy ? You copy ? Coulson ? All right , hold down the fort . I 'll be right back . Fitz , I found the chamber . Does anyone copy ? You . Mr. morrow , we have to get you out of here . Where 's the book ? Did she take the book ? S.H.I.E.L.D. has it . It 's safe . You 're safe . Stay away from this equipment . It 's very dangerous . You understand how this works ? Can you help me dismantle it ? Yes , of course . But why would I when it 's taken me this long to achieve ? Stand down ! Stand down ! We got a situation ! I need your help bringing an emp back inside ! I had a husband I loved , work that challenged and thrilled me , and just as everything that I dreamed of was within my grasp , this happened . But I 'm gonna make it all right . Don 't take this personally . How ... ? Maybe I wasn 't clear about who I am . How many innocent people have died because of what you 've done ? I 'm here to make you pay for your actions . There are consequences for playing god . Me ? Your uncle is the one who wants to play god . He is the one who started this whole nightmare . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Wh-what - - what are you doing ? This is not finished yet . Look , I 'm part of this team . And I refuse to be kept in the dark . I want to see the book . Well , I don 't have it . Joseph does , and he 's not here . And you will never get it . Where is Frederick ? Where are the others ? What have you done with them ? Same thing that I 'm gonna do to you . No , no , no , no , no ! Eli , no , please ! It 's not finished yet ! Please don 't kill me ! You weren 't against Joseph getting the power . You just wanted it for yourself . Goodbye , Lucy . No . No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! No , no , no . You 're just like your uncle . You have the same fire . No . Mine 's worse . What the hell you doing here ? An errand for coulson . You ? Waiting for the Zephyr to send down an emp . It was you the whole time . It took a lot longer than I had hoped . But all those years in jail , i had to plan very carefully . The attack on Joseph Bauer , that wasn 't payback . You just wanted the darkhold . Yeah . He was a lot tougher than he looked . I beat the hell out of him . He never gave up where he hid that book . Listen , if I were you , I 'd get the hell out of here . No . Oh , no . Robbie : They say when the rider burns you , he burns your soul . You don 't get to decide who deserves to die . Robbie : I 'm not the one who decides . " Marvel 's agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - - ghost rider . " Tuesdays at 10 : 00 / 9 : 00 central on abc . Do you trust me ? Where are we going ? Enter a whole new world where the untold stories of some of your favorite characters - - Aladdin and Jasmine , Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , the count of monte cristo , and more - - will be unleashed . What 's coming , and how do I stop it ?
