 Previously on Mars . We knew Mars wouldn 't welcome us with open arms . Warning , systems offline . Permission to switch from primary to backup . Do it . Prepare for retropropulsion . We were ready to give everything to get there . Mission control , this is Daedalus , we 're looking at a red planet . And we knew we 'd have to fight even harder if we wanted to stay . How far did we overshoot ? 75.3 kilometers . Mission control confirmed the rover is 2,000 kilos over maximum payload . The odds are we won 't make it . But no matter what happened , we 'd do everything we could to make the workshop module our new basecamp . Because the thing that kept us pushing , it wasn 't just inside us . Our species has always been driven to build beyond what we know . We migrated across all of earth . Created settlements , constructed cities , and when we finally left our home planet , we knew the risks involved . As we set sail , we ask god 's blessing on the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked . However will is a double edged sword . Again , and again it 's taken us farther than we ever thought we could go . But this time we had seized on an object so vast , so difficult to attain . I couldn 't help but wonder if we might have finally pushed too far . A.I. Guidance is good . We keep this pace , we 'll be there in a little under 15 hours . It 's a lot of work this space thing . Is it worth it ? Did you ? Ben , are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . We 're gonna have a lot of work to do when we get to base camp . I packed the blanket substrate from the secondary panels ... Ben ! No , no no , no , no , you 're having difficulty breathing . I 'm ok . You are not ok . Your blood oxygen is dropping and your heart rate is too high . You knew . You knew , and you wouldn 't let Amelie examine you . We didn 't have enough time . I think you 've got blood in your lungs . You need aspiration to get it out and I can 't treat you without the equipment at basecamp . We 've gotta drive faster . The rover isn 't designed to do more than ten kilometers per hour . If I adjust the software protocols I can push that to twenty , but with the terrain between us and base camp , it 's gonna be a rocky ride . Ben ... I don 't want this vehicle going over fifteen , do you understand me ? Got that , captain . Someone modified the rover 's speed protocols . I 've got them pushing 12 kilometers per hour and climbing . What the hell are they doing ? It 's Ben , play it . Cueing rover audio feed now . Bringing satellite up . Sawyer 's biometrics coming online . Your blood oxygen is dropping and your heart rate is too high . I think you 've got blood in your lungs . I can 't treat you without the equipment at basecamp . We 've gotta drive faster . There were people who asked us why we wanted to go to this place that would almost surely kill us . And whether anything we did to prepare ourselves would be enough . Humanity has never undertaken anything like sending humans to another planet . So how do humans get ready to go to Mars . Or how do they survive for this mission ? Now last month we launched a new spacecraft as part of a reenergized space program that will send American astronauts to Mars and in two months , to prepare us for those missions , Scott Kelly will begin a year long stay in space . So good luck , captain , we 're proud of you . An American astronaut is hours away from beginning his one year mission on board the international space station ... While Scott is in space , his twin brother , former shuttle commander Mark Kelly will stay on earth , the brothers , perfect subjects to study ... The trip to Mars is a long trip , seven months , and so we have to understand , what does it mean for an astronaut to be in orbit for that amount of time . Pretty much any system in the body you can think of is affected from space flight . The cardiovascular system is affected , the muscular system is affected . The immune system is affected . Lots of things can go wrong the longer you 'll spend in space . Frankly we don 't have very much data about exactly what twelve months is gonna do to Scott 's body . It 's an unknown , and you 're basically allowing yourself to be an experiment . It could cost him his life . This mission could cost him his life . Ready for the launch , we are ready for the launch . I 'm a test pilot , so , I think it 's important to push the envelope . We 're waving goodbye one last time , before they 're loaded in . The risk factor of this , which is high , makes it even more interesting . The engines igniting , ramping up ... And liftoff . The year in space starts now , Kelly , Kornienko , Padlanka on their way towards the international space station . Going to Mars , not only will people become invested in the safety and well being of the explorers , but also there is that drama , that sense of suspense , as to whether or not they can survive on a world that they were not made for . who is Ben Sawyer ? Ben Sawyer is our commander . Ben is probably the most reliable person I 've ever met . Ben is the eye of the storm . He is a rock . Ben Sawyer is a great commander and I 'm blessed and privileged to be one of his team . Ask him . who is Ben Sawyer ? Uh , he is a member of the team . How far ? 21 down , 43 miles left . Ben , hey , are you with us ? Yeah , always . Hang in there . Wheels five and six just locked . Suspension system compromised . Recommend visual assessment . The problem is in the rear . I 'll get out there . Ok , I 'm here . We snapped a load supporting strut above the third wheel-set . Can we weld it ? No chance . Alpha-one-Alpha is split , the whole rocker is blown . Mae , repercussion report on damage to load supporting strut Alpha-one-Alpha . Replacement component required for restoration of mobility ... Necessary 3D printer is at the new base camp . We 're still 16.2 kilometers away . I really need to treat Ben with the equipment at the workshop . We have to walk . It 's minus-35 degrees . It will be minus-70 by nightfall . We run out of battery , we freeze to death out there . If we walk at a decent pace then we can make it to base camp in four hours . Loading the rover took time , our batteries are already down to four and a half hours charging . No , it 's too tight a margin . I 'm not risking that exposure to my crew . We charge the suits and we leave when they 're at capacity . If you don 't get to base camp , then you 'll suffocate before those batteries are charged ... I said we charge the ... We don 't have a choice . If you think ordering us to stay in this rover to watch you die is the right thing to do , you shouldn 't be giving orders . Send a status update to mission control . Tell them we 'll be out of contact until we reach the base camp . The funny thing about Mars , you know , it rotates once in about 24 hours . It has seasons , it has polar ice caps . So on the informational surface it feels like earth . But you dig a little deeper and you realize it 's very cold there , it 's very dry there ; you can 't breathe the air . It is more hostile to life than any place on earth . The hottest it gets on Mars is about 0 degrees celsius . And that 's like high noon in the summer time on the equator . But at night it will get as low as minus 100 celsius . There is a fundamental problem that we 're going to have to deal with in terms of a Mars mission that was never the case with the Apollo program , and that is the human body and how do we protect it for long , long periods in space and on the planet 's surface . We are exceptionally fragile creatures . We are very well evolved to survive at sea level , on this planet and nowhere else . In the absence of gravity lots of things can go wrong , your heart doesn 't have to work as hard and so it becomes less effective , your brain has challenges , controls your movements , the body seems to be demineralizing your bones , these are all very important to study , not just because academically we wanna know , but because we wanna make sure that they 're good to go when they hit the surface of Mars . So the physical challenges of getting to Mars is gonna be fun , right , you 've been in a zero gravity environment for some eight months which is like being in bed for eight months , and then you reach the surface of Mars . Your coordination , your cardiovascular system , your respiratory system , all of that is all of a sudden under a gravitational load that was never there and so the question is will you be able to survive during this crucial time of arrival ? If we don 't succeed , then we will have tried . For the last seven months , Daedalus had been our armor , shielding us from the harms of our journey , now we had nothing but our E.V.A. Suits to insulate us on the trip ahead . We 're still 16.2 kilometers away . We have to walk . It 's minus-35 degrees . It will be minus-70 by nightfall . We run out of battery , we freeze to death out there . Jesus . Easy , easy . We 're not moving fast enough . We can 't stop . We 're averaging 3 kilometers per hour . Ben , we can slow it down , let you catch your breath . No we can 't . We have to move faster . We wanna make it by nightfall , we 're gonna have to reroute across the dunes . He 's right . Ok , ok , alright , come on . Ben ? One , two , three ! Mae , battery report . 21 % power remaining , advise return to climate controlled environment . Oh my god , Ben , Ben ! Ben , Ben ! He 's the type of guy that you 'll really never know until you 're close to him , he has a sense of humor . You know , going a day without him cracking a joke it 's kind of like you haven 't said something that made me laugh today what 's up ? I think some people are genetically programmed to want to go somewhere to leave their home and explore . You know you have to be very comfortable , losing that connection to those you 've left behind . The type of person that you select to go to Mars has to have a family that understands the risk . My wife stayed home , hoping that I would not fall into some tragedy that I couldn 't get out of , you have to have mental attitude of being prepared that something is going to happen . When I think about space explorers I think of their willingness to be so heart wrenchingly torn from the earth and everyone they love and everyone they know , to go and do impossible things . I wonder if you could tell me a little bit about your father ? When I was a child my father and I would , would uh , build little models of the solar system and he taught me all about the stars and taught me how to find my way by the stars , I don 't know , right from then I always wanted to be up there , you know ? Entering auxiliary mode thermoregulation deprioritized , please return to a climate controlled environment and charge suit immediately . I don 't want matrix , I want position . How much longer before we hear something ? Including the delay and if they 'd kept their projected pace . They should have arrived at base camp over an hour ago . Their suits would have shut down thermal regulation to prioritize oxygen and co2 scrubbing . The electrigel will have some residual heat . They 're in full night . Without power , they 're gonna freeze out there . Ben , Ben ? Stop . Ben , Ben ? He can 't hear me , Hana , you 're in command now . We 've gotta keep moving . It 's gotta be close . We 're moving , let 's go . How long till visual ? Satellites are still out of range audio and visual contact with crew is not possible until they reach the workshop module . We should see a beacon by now . Horizon 's closer here , we 're in a valley . I can 't remember any songs ... It 's gotta be here . Can anyone remember a song ? We can 't stop guys , we can 't afford to stop . Stay with me Ben . Warning , your battery power is at 2 % . Co2 scrubbing is now compromised . The air is going toxic . My vision is fading . One more hill , hurry . You 're doing great Ben , you 're doing great . We 're not very far . We 're gonna make it Ben , we 're gonna make it . We 're not very far . If you try to draw the solar system on a piece of paper , the planets will be microscopic . The only way you can get a sense of the scale is to build a model . It 's a lot of work this space thing . Was it worth it ? He can 't breathe ! Where is the workshop ? It 's there ! Ah , come on . We need to work fast . Come on ! Fast , get him in ! Pressurization complete . Javier , pull his helmet and back pad very gently . Plug in his biometrics . We 'll worry about the infection later . Get me the monitor and two large pour IVs , I 'm cutting the kevlar to expose his torso . I can see his heart rate climbing . Dammit Ben there is blood in his left lung and pleural space ! Get me a chest tube ; We need to drain this now ! Prepping the chest tube . Get him 100 mikes of Fentanyl , he 's going to feel this ! Gloves . His blood pressure is too low . Scalpel . His heart is constricted by fluid . Oxygen saturation is at 88 % . Clamp ... Ben ... Chest tube . I 'm inserting the tube now . We should see relief with symptoms . Start suction . Show me his vitals . Stay with me ! His blood pressure is still dropping , something else is wrong ! I can 't feel anything through his suit , I need to do another cut . Scalpel . His whole abdomen is full of blood , he has ruptured his spleen . Ben , stay with me ! Prep for a laparotomy . I need to clamp up the blood supply and remove the spleen , hurry ! We 're not finished here Ben ! Stay with me , come on ! We 're losing him , we 're losing him . Javier prep 1ml of ... I 've got them . I 'm so tired joon , we 're all so tired . He knew what he was doing . He did it because he knew it was the best chance any of us had ... I can barely believe he 's still hanging on . Blood was obliterating the lung and pleural space in the left , diminishing lung capacity and preventing him from properly oxygenating . After evacuation of a large volume of blood and clot , his spleen was noted to be extensively damaged . I was able to safely remove it but his vital signs remain unstable and he 's still in guarded condition . He lost so much blood , joon , it 's impossible to say now if he lives , or ... The only thing is to wait ... I think sending humans to space is our latest expression of the ancient human practice called human sacrifice , but really in the service of something much greater . The early astronauts were risk-takers . They were brave people . They had been test pilots and flown in the early age of the jet engines , and more than a few of them died . Challenger now heading downrange . Obviously a major malfunction , we have no downlink . Sometimes painful things like this happen , it 's all part of the process of exploration and discovery . The future doesn 't belong to the faint hearted , it belongs to the brave . Having been up here for a year , I now realize that a year is longer than I though it was , cause I feel like I 've lived my whole life up here . In space I never feel completely normal . There 's always something that is a little bit not right . These astronauts when they put themselves at risk they 're not just putting themselves at risk for the things that we know . These people are putting their bodies at risk in ways that we might not ever understand . For us , and for the human race . We won 't really know what the mission has done to him for years . As we continue to monitor him through time , and as we continue to see how the remainder of his aging process works out . We many not know for a long time exactly what he sacrificed . I have small worries , you know I 'm at school and someone calls me to the front desk it 's like , is dad okay ? But I have a lot of faith in the space program and I know they 're safe , but there 's always that um , idea that you had false hope and that there is a possibility . Okay . Here , I 'll put this headset on , hold on . How you doing ? Good , how are you doing ? You don 't look very excited . Of course I miss him . I miss him . I just don 't know how to show that I miss him . Watching movies with him and just kind of hanging out . It 's like the things that don 't seem important at the time , but when it comes down to them being gone you realize they 're the most important . I saw your report card . Yeah . It was pretty good . You 've gotta do better in Spanish , though . Yeah , I know . I don 't like other languages , and it 's just hard . Languages are just hard to learn , cause I 've been studying Russian for like , I don 't know , 18 years and there 's no secret , it 's just hard work . For the last year of my life , he has missed me growing about four inches taller , me going into a new school , new friends . A lot . You know , he 's sacrificing time on earth and life , in a sense . Next time I see you Charlotte , you 'll be at the bottom of the steps when I get off the airplane . Yep , the first thing I 'm gonna do when I see him is I 'm gonna give him a giant bear hug because that 's what he wants me to do . I don 't want the one-armed half hug . I want , I want the big bear hug ... Both arms . Two arms all the way around and squeeze him . Yeah , just like that . He 's like planned it out for me , everything . Mikhail Korniyenko , Scott Kelly , Sergei Volkov on their way home . What is a good life that we should aspire to ? Is a good life one that is enjoyed with pleasure and without risk or is a good life one that has a chance to achieve great deeds ? There 's the immediate risk of the rocket blowing up . It 's kinda like going over Niagara Falls in a barrel , while you 're on fire . As soon as you realize you 're not gonna die it 's the most fun you 've ever had . We have to go to Mars . It 'll require more sacrifice , more radiation , more risk , more time away . I 'd still do it , though . I will miss my sister , and I 'll be worried that she 's worried about me . I 'm sorry , sir . I didn 't hire you because I was convinced you could keep your feelings separate from this mission . I hired you because I knew you couldn 't . Cause I needed someone who understands what I understand . For something like this to work , it has to be personal . We dream . It 's who we are . Down to our bones , our cells . We 'd come tens of millions of kilometers through the darkness . All of us prepared to sacrifice everything . Because we knew that making a home in this place was the only chance humanity had to go on dreaming . I thought I 'd find you up here . Farewell . He was gone . I was in command now . With Ben 's strength to guide us , we had made the longest journey in the history of humankind . And I knew we had even further to go without him .
