 I thought , this is the beginning of the story There is nothing strange , Unlike what I thought , When you find it , in time In accordance with his orders , Okay , back to me , Come back to me , Come back to me , Gotcha ! Are you the sheriff in this town ? With weapons penggelitik me , I will beat you , No Do you want me to chase you ? You 'd better run , I will remember a time like that , I love you , I hate you , Whether this was the end ? Come back to me , I beg you , come back to me , But now I 'm not so sure at the beginning and end . There is always a barrier to find the story behind your life . Like the day when we arrived , Good morning , Where 's everybody ? All right , let 's get started . Today we will talk about the Portuguese . y the sound sounds different when compared with other Romance lang The story of the Portuguese , starting from the Kingdom of Galicia , In the middle ages . Where the language is seen as an expression of ... Art ... Is there a story you want to share ? Nn . Banks , can you change the TV channel to a news channel ? ... is already on alert around the scene ... can see , just about to begin , but unfortunately Montana now going on we do know , it landed about 40 minutes ago , having seen the previous is thought the vehicle may be a kind of experiment , or ... wait a minut a report , a similar vehicle turned out to have landed at many locations Yes , Henry ... This is from a location in Hokkaido , This is a World War , and it starts now . Well , um ... We will finish today 's lesson . ... was filed in cooperation with the authorities to identify the object . It was not ours , we do not even know it was coming from , We 're still gathering information , and coordinate with other countries , ou 're not the only one who saw this thing in the backyard of your house It has been confirmed this is the first contact , Why send 12 ? Why not just one ? I do not know , ma 'am . I 'm watching it now as you wish . other , please do not worry , and too believe what other people say to yo Yes , you 're right , I was very tense , Exactly , so ... I ? Yes , you know me . Same as usual Mom , I 'm fine . All right , I 'll call you later . See you later . And about eight hours later , the landing , there was still no sign of any kind , which is referred to as the first contact , The object was about 900 feet high , It was already entering Russian airspace , One in the region , and that only exist in coastal areas landed in the ocean , So far there are 12 objects that are not known , are scattered throughout the world , logically their location and there is no evidence as to whether these aircraft carrying ... get the idea that this is the type of vehicle that may not exist in it , Unfortunately , we have limited to matters such as this , After a bizarre incident last Thursday , This morning the President will announce the state of emergency , 000 existing and security personnel deployed specifically for the state o mand has been issued , and airlines are supposed to carry millions of pa water , gas , and makana continue to be launched and for a while this country is in an emergency situation law , The IEA has issued a temporary information , which forced a lot of independent suppliers , to find equipment and weapons and close their doors to the public . 48 hours later , there is information stating that it was a UFO . There is no chance to get the real information I am of the GT well I have a family , Mom . Two years ago at one of the stations in Italy , Perhaps a friend sekerjamu still remember You could say it like that sergeant , We 'll talk , Everyone needed to translate , That 's enough time for two years , during that time we still had a very secret affair Just as in the office , not undermined . Of course ! I want you to translate this for me , Are you here ? Can you stand ? Where do you come from ? There he is , What do you think , - Is that ? - Yes ... - How many ? - How much what ? How many are speaking ? Two And we think they do not speak the same soften . - Are you sure that ... - I want you to translate this , And worst , craziest ... I do not know Can you tell me ? I can tell you , it is impossible to translate it from the sound file . I want to be there to interact with them . You do not have to do it , if only to translate . I do not need it if I already understand the language , but this ... this ... . I know what you 're doing , - Tell me what am I doing ? - No to Montana , I can do is to make this into a tourist spectacle ? I 'm just telling what I needed for this job . This is not a negotiation . If you refuse this , this opportunity will be lost Good day Colonel , He said it would come to you , Go wondering where their next destination It is possible . Before you agree , Ask him to send a message of war as translation , The agreement to share their discoveries will be made tonight , After Russia , China , said it will bergabungung with America . Meanwhile , financial conditions around the world are in crisis , After the occurrence of turbulence in the industrialized world , more than 2000 points , - Ms. Banks ? - Yes ? Country call you , you will leave this evening . - You should come with us . - I do not want to leave my house , - We 'll take care of it . - Okay give me 20 minutes ? We will not wait long , Sorry , I can not hear what you say Language is evidence of civilization , With language we can unite together , and with the language well , we can get involved in the conflict , Louise , this Ian Donnelly , Nn . Banks , The Donnelly - Nice to meet you . - Yes , you too . What are you reading ? And all of it is basic , Yes , it was great And nothing against it , - About what ? - Regarding the evidence of civilization , Language as a science , Ian is a linguist , You and he will cooperate , During this show , Yes , they found the UFO , - There is only one . - There is only one ? The most important of all , how they can come in here And we have to make sure they will not bring problems , At least that was the question . And we hope that nothing serious , Why do not we just talk to anyone who mengeluakan that voice ? This is not possible , I 'll take a coffee , Coffee looks good , We will divide into two groups , Yes , Sir . One will take care of medication , and we 'll find out what we can do to stop it , Leave the jacket and cell phone , Please come with me , Put this one in the eyes of you , Sir , Nn . Banks , and Donnelly , - When did you receive the news ? - Last night . - Same . - Maybe this will be a little stressful , Are you ready ? - Let 's say ... - Who will participate ? What will we do in there ? Not everyone we asked to translate , We give confidence to you , ask you to make a confidentiality agreement regarding this , please be we are going to start soon , Has it been no word from them ? Are you currently in treatment ? Allergy ? Disease ? - No . To keep your system , To make sure you will not run into problems later , We 'll take you there , Have you found scientific explanation for it ? You mean that thing ? I have not found any whole scientists are investigating , and has already started two hours a It does not take 48 hours to make sure what we 're up against it , I am here , Sorry ? If they are different from the earth 's atmosphere , It certainly takes a few hours to equalize pressure when you open the door , So , you mean bereka 're waiting time ? I want to help , CIA To me this is just a problem the station alone , Have you got the answer ? Based on what is seen , and its shape , Yes , this will be our priorities , Everybody , this is Dr. Ian Dollanny , he will join us , Is there information about the place , number , and the number of We can not say this to everyone Please do not misunderstand , How can I help ? Same as always , good morning ... This Dr. Louise Banks , he will be your team , - All right , welcome . - Dr. Banks will replace Dr. Walker . 50 minutes . Do you need anything ? I hope you 're ready for this , Yes , do not worry , this is business as usual , Not to make physical contact with them , If you still want to stay safe , - Understand ? - There is a wall that bordered . How would it be ? - We 'll soon find out . - Hopefully he 'll show it to you , Everything has been issued , The door will be opened soon , Kesanalah we would go , Yes , this happened ... Was talking Pak , you can continue . Alert ! All right , bring upwards . You are okay ? Yes Calm down , You can do this , Slowly . If this ... . Dr. Dollanny ? You are okay ? Oh , shit ! We will go down now , We knew what we were doing Okay ? - Everything is ready ? - I 'm everything back into position , Looks like all is well , We 're leaving now . Sir , what happens now ? They 've arrived , Thank you - He is fine ? - Better than before , It makes me feel so much better , It will diperlkan before we announce , and make decisions , Well , what happened sir ? Do you come back again , The chaos continued throughout the United States today , Shortly after the president announced a state of martial law , apparently failed in stabilizing the national security situation of the cour : of immigrants who take advantage of the opportunity to Masu into the In North Dakota 144 people were reported dead in the city , Once there are outstanding issues that , website it says that the arrival of aliens , is a manifestation of the revelation earlier ... . Jeez ... It was now 15 , is already got that ? Yes , we 've planned it beforehand , What is at worst ? They say we will act decisively to something that is uncertain , What does it mean ? Based on the rumors that emerged , Arrival of aliens , Without them , we can not do anything . What is that for ? I think it is already too late , I could never have had a chance to speak but they seem to have something to say , This is probably not a coincidence , All right , let 's get started . ( Human Being ) I am a human , Who are you ? ( Human Being ) Jeez ... - You 've recorded ? - Yes sir , we have record , Please , do not disturb us , ( Human Being ) ( Human Being ) ( Human Being ) All right , all right , I do not want to be a hindrance your success here . But that was it , really incredible , Try to understand , With this condition , it will not be long , You 're wrong , we already knew it . Take a look at what we can here , I had to explain to all of them , The first and last question . How will we be able to use this information , So you do not have to give the warning , Kangaroo , What is it ? . Captain James Cook landed on the coast of Australia and discover the only filled by Aboriginal people When the sailors and animals live together , n they asked him what his name , and Aboriginal people saying " Kangar Not many know that the " kangaroos " means " I do not understand " Thus , in this condition , it will take ten times longer , I think you mean is ' Now' I wish you could find what they want , before the next session . - OK . - Remember what happened to Aboriginal people . They fought race , And overcoming them , Good story , Thank you That 's not true , they do not know what I mean I know a secret like this back again , That 's why I would like to congratulate , I not take long to figure out what they want the bastard . If you can not They seem to be the inventor of algebra the behavior of complex , That is all ... It does not make sense Did not hear ... The problem is not everyone accepts the rules we are happy , You 've met with General Shan ? It looks like the country is already dominating in Shan transmit fleet Louise , we must do it quickly , - OK . - You 've been saving the form ? - Yes . If this military affairs , I am responsible , Yes , so we can study the behavior and name , and ... pelafalannya . No , I think it was good , Eating , locks , ... I do not understand , Alright No , no , no , do not ... It you want to ask them , right ? Yes , that 's the question . - OK . So , of course we have to make sure they understand , What is the question . And they will answer This question need the answer or response from them Then , we have to clarify , their specific identity if " you " and " you " Because we do not want to know how old our alien we just want to know , why they landed . And their purpose , perhaps to entertain We have to find out , what made them aware , Or their motivation , so we can be sure that They do not understand at all with our question , And above all , we need extensions to the vocabulary sufficient so that we understand their answers . Of course ! Just continue , only ... Do your best . It 's terrible , Louise Louise What is it ? Is it a symbol that we do not know ? I do not know , I guess it 's kind of symbol depicting humans , I still do not understand , Maybe they 're asking questions I have no idea ... They could not hear , Louise , show them , the next word . Dr. Banks ? What is this ? It is okay , They must see me , Dr. Banks , are you okay ? They must see me . Dr. Banks ! Show me the board Go back to your station . Louise I Louise . Do you understand this ? Yes Louise He did not respond , Morrally , do not ! Pak , Dr. Morally also took off his jacket . End the session . Ian ... Louise ... You Who are you ? I guess that is their names . That 's their name , Then , we will call them what ? I have no idea ... I feel they already understand , Yes . Yes , so do I. How do you feel ? Tired We did not think you were desperate to get yourself in danger , I think you 're still not ready for something important . We will give you the results of your blood test , For now it is not that I no longer need . No radiation , There is nothing else that can be detected on the situation at this time , This is the first time we mentioned this to the congress , Of course ! We 'll take the risk , Dear dear ... You do not have to worry , okay ? Calm down , calm down , Hey , it 's not going to happen , No need to worry , Many things we do not know , Creatures , unknown , strong , 8 feet were , or have a face , Who are they ? try to answer this in a useful way , Everyone 's face it , how is it possible we could see them , They did not leave a trace chemical composition of the air is not known , The shell does not have the street , has no fuel , and no radiation , The means used to communicate with others , They do so with the detection , The air between the shade is problematic with the present condition . Are they scientists , or just a tourist f those scientists are , it seems like they are not a lot of asking questions If this is compared with the previous one , They may already be doing exploration in many places . The chances they had reached the place They need to collect information , By means of their reception , And browsing is possible , associated with a wide variety of agenda which started in 1980 , so ... We do not know , How do they communicate ? Here , Louise would expose The first discovery is no coalition with what happened before and what is happening now . And like all other types of human language , They can be represented in the form of graphs , And can have many meanings conjecture , maybe they do not want to be known , or maybe too many which must be passed to be able to enter this communication , We had friends in pakistan who can explain this and know what it means Unfortunately it does not like the speech , Time for them to freedom , They were impressed with your body , and their language can not be translated to the macro instructions The language is referred to as , an unknown language , which begs the question , whether this was their thinking ? Imagine if you want to talk to use two hands Starting from ujunug finger You should be aware of each word you want to use . Just like how much space you want to use . And then to make complex decisions within two seconds , It took months to make an example of his chances . Next , multiply comprising the vocabulary , I hope we could have used one more month So that we really ready for it . Hey ! - Hey ! Botler looking for you , Yes , according to him why I was hiding beyond this ? You want ? The scenery is nice , is not it ? Yes , this is a nice view . No sound , I was just thinking about you , Linguistics and manifestasimu , you know that do not you ? I 'll take that as a compliment I feel the same , you 've been trying to track down this communication that seems like n What ? I think that 's why I 'm still single Believe me , you would understand communication with ease . I feel that everything that happened there , Anything to do with us , Yes , and it was a good thing is not it ? You and me ? Are not you joking ? Or pretend ? I have to follow you , Tonight , the first pictures of aliens became viral Biological contamination has occurred in Montana , and now they are under pressure , 800 thousand soldiers in Washington has been mobilized to deal with this crisis , Everything , and plus special forces . The first contact is still not provide any solution The government does not know , the same government , Collecting military force Look at these people , almost all of them have weapons . We can use the four basic scale to save the city which could harm our country we were sleeping , they were not the original human You know what happened there , I know it , Smart things we can do today , We provide a personal report I 'm talking about personal rescue What do you think after seeing all that is happening What would you do to face this all ? They may not consider the earth as a planet Are you also going to protect us and our class ? You 're going to lose I had to set it up for my show If we had one I know who the two men , It was Jim and Dad So they called my father and mother Dr. Helmos That is good Of course ! - You know it 's okay if you 're upset because your father ... - I know . I am not sad Honey , I love you so much , I know , it 's just a cartoon , not real Yes Yes , I am doing okay , I 'm not sure on anything - I guess that 's it . - When was the last time you checked it ? I am alright . This neighbor Merry Of course ! I want to sleep , but ... I am fine , There are things you should read about the idea that If you translate something into a foreign language , then you ... - Can think , why did you bring it ? - Yes , I think so . I also thought about it in theory it ... It is a theory that Languages will always find what your thinking Yes , it is said to you , everything you say I 'm curious , do you dream of using language as well ? I used to dream but I do not remember . I guess I will not be possible to do so far - Do you sleep ? - No Do not worry , The worst thing is , We lost contact premises of China 's current leaders General Shan Telephone We 've already put here who berjuan with them , Try to return , He said that he would use anything to fight technology , Retreat again , then play He said something related to defense , and resourceful . Sense , I do not know what it means . Something about setting By pemiliknnya and now , I do not know ... I do not know about it I also do not want to know more , and I will face the Chinese troops And now , chaos is imminent Shan wants to master directly This serious Honor , flower ... I think this has something to do , Do they use the game to protect themselves ? It is possible . - Why ? - Just as I thought In English . All conversations will be games , Each idea will express our position And victory will be a problem The pattern that they provide is the hammer Everything is a nail We were supposed to be asked Ready or not . What was your aim , Professor ? Are they merepson Well , that was it . What did he say ? offering weapons - But you see they are wrong . - Menggunankan word that is not ... It is enough ! Louise We do not know if they understand , The difference between the weapon and the other , Due to the influence of culture , sometimes chaos - The word weapon . - And there is no overview of the if they ask us , or give something . With what is happening now , And the only thing we can try , How can we clarify their purpose ? With a loss for words , All right , I 'll go back there . now so that we can clear this problem , This one is complicated , What could be more complicated than that ? Colonel , the defense minister called . We must keep this information until we know what it means . So we are not going to tell anything to our enemies we have to disguise that idea , and it 's visitors will avoid us and perform their own way until there is a fraction of the real There is no evidence for it . - Correct That 's why we have to menrahasiakannya , England with India , Germany to Rwanda They even made its name : Hunger The world is now nothing lead . It was impossible to do that if only we We must prepare the weapon now What are they saying ? China and Russia are going to do , they speak well What we heard in the last session Not enough . Yes , Sir . We got orders to do the same - We can not do that . - It 's already been decided - Do denials , - Just do it ! you see a message from ... Shit ! We must talk with each other , You want to talk to them ? Find what this means . We have never reenter the previous session . Trust me , okay ? We have time . We have a step , okay ? using weapons It is a message sent alien to the Chinese government On the issue of science that became an international issue today , In a statement , General Shang said China no longer trust the aliens who want to master the human Humanity must be protected China has asked to speak as soon as possible with the United Nations no , no , you must not go up there anymore . - I just want to ask one que Do not do it . The reception has been disconnected , you can not go back there , I just asked for five minutes , do not waste time , Let him go , Wait there , We will call this call what ? Has something happened ? I do not know , we 'll just see what we want to know ? They tried to resist the command of Captain Mark Yes , of course it is not allowed Pak Why not ? Email security officer offering weapons Question mark Do you want to offer something to us ? Technology , Press , Method . Yes , this is a different form , This segment is much easier . Take , technology , now What did he do ? Captain , I want you to see this Everybody has a right to know what happened here , Why would he do that ? I have no idea I can not do it with two hands Louise ... What is it ? Louise , hey ... calm . As a precaution only , back recline . How are you ? How Ian circumstances ? Ian diruang apart , he was fine . - What happened to us ? - It was the act of the soldier they carry out their duties , What is it ? Calm down , calm down ... We will memastikanmu safe , go back to your place I want to see it oo bad you should not be doing it . They will not let go until you 're cure I 'll find out what it is , and tell thee It 's everything ? Is it as easy as they were destroyed by the explosion ? explosion-frequency you see anything ? I still do not know , I need my team , And we can not let teams back Louise do this . We should not go , Glad to see you 're up , We should go back there and explain to them that this was a mistake - We can not do that . - We must . I felt it was an attack We can look for the best opportunity to carry out attacks , immediately after we evacuated , ere is nothing wrong with them , during their stay , we had to stay behir But they did not go , I feel this is worse , China the only one who insisted the military decisions have been made , they will soon launch it in the s If this happens , we will face a situation that is very brutal Think about it , Is our air force ready ? - Siagalah ! - Yes , Sir . Tonight , China became the first firm declared war against the aliens , Due to the failure of the diplomatic process undertaken USA China has confirmed that the attack will start tonight . with an ultimatum by the commander Shang . n its official statement , General Shang said that the armed forces troop has asked the aliens to leave the territory within 24 hours before the destruction , And called on all world leaders to agree with the actions of China and take similar steps , With strong air force weaponry and large , Pakistan , Russia , and Sudan agreed to follow China 's actions . This might not be a coincidence , It will take many years , This shape is what ? - Mom ... - Yes ? - Honey ... - What can we do something ... Where we make a deal , and we 'll both benefit . Compromise ? No , as the competition , But both parties will be happy . Like a win-win ? - More towards science . - If the affairs of science , just call your father . Thank you - Forgive me . - It is okay . What time is it now ? Hours that you never write down You took something instead ? Yes , come here . Take a look at this section , It looks like it is talking about the time , There are so many symbols of time , Available everywhere , Then what is this ? I think this could cause problems Who knows ? Too many patterns , complicated We did not know it until where , It is here , Everything is gathered in one place , How much space is needed , how much space is left . If we combine , Will be a wave 833 Maybe you 'll consider it as a fraction . One thing is certain , We wanted to say here is , this is one of the twelve We must give greater hope , Or there are twelve who expect the same Why do we have to talk to him ? We are all responsible for this , We must talk to the other side We must help them so that they could leave , In case you do not remember , we do not know anything China has decided to destroy aircraft meraka , it 's their decision . We can put together the fragments I tell you , no one cares . Two hours ago we gave it to the Russian security and they could not broadcast its scientific reason The final decision is said by aliens , is no time . All into one , I feel we all have been given weapons Do you want to do this ? Please . I mean , ere are so many races that you can not understand what they were sayi I do not need any interpretation to interpret it , Russia has just execute one of their expert To keep their secrets , e is someone who could be sent there to keep an eye on what is happe Why do we only send the parts of the course ? Why not all at once ? because we have to work together to do this , Although I trust you , how to make the world want to come to do this ? and provide their data , We had a few hours to get back , - Yes . - Betrayal ? No one to blame , Not a game vain , That 's it , yes Thank you I 've ordered those who had landed to return . The only way to approach them is by walking around and through the guard them , but ... - That will not be fast enough . - There must be another way , We are still given a chance in two hours to return to the stage that has been determined aka we need all the countries in the world united to run and there is no way to avoid it . Wait a minute ! True , this is Jeff honnor We 're doing it now We 've been assured Italy I think the brand will begin the evacuation process in one hour See , it will not easy , No results were seen progressive Perhaps only a few are aggressive It becomes a question Or what to do ? How can we menakhlukkannya if we do not know him ? I think it all should end We will submit it to the hands of experts now Abbot is the process of death , Sorry , Where Morrellyn ? I want you ... . I want you to send a message To the other side Louise had a weapon . Use of weapons I do not understand , Is this a ramalanmu ? We help humankind . In the three hundred years ... we need human assistance , How will you be able to know the future ? My daughter ... I do not understand , I 'm still a child , He called the father and mother of the animal . Louise saw the future Weapons opening time No , wait ... Jeez , Louise , are you okay ? It 's okay now They 've evacuated - What ? - Russia will follow China I do not understand , Help me , Mom Louise ? Mother ... Mother ... Sorry dear ... These days what honey ? Sunday . Are you going as well as that of the father ? Hanna , the father did not leave you , You 'll meet her this weekend . But I also want to see more of him . This is my fault , I said something that she is still not ready to hear What ? Believe it or not , I know something will happen I can not explain why I know , I just might . When I speak to your father , he was furious . He left me no choice , What will happen ? It has to do with a very rare disease and this is not going to stop , Not like you , You are so kind , And you are the most incredible thing in my life . Amy stopped Orson , I just know that eventually you 're going to leave me , Orson , you left me , What are you talking about ? Let 's go from here , - Mama ... - Yes . Why my name is Hannah ? Your name is very special cause of the special language that means it will be the same if the read Forward and backward . Hey , we 're done here , Your time is up ... I could read it , I know what it is , - What ? - It 's not a weapon , it 's a talent . Weapon is their language , - But that means is talent . - You sure about that ? - There is no guarantee for that . - If you learn it , you can feel They allow time for us to understand , So we can see what they mean , Time , it 's not the same thing , It was not linear , I still do not understand , Captain , we 've all been completed . We all have to get out of here in five minutes , And Louise , there 's nothing we can do anymore , Good luck I would look for a weapon for us Wake up , Mom , Good night , General Shang I feel happy , really . Presidenmu said you are the guest of honor at the ceremony . But I admit , You 're not vain I 'm glad to meet you in person , I 'm flattered , thank you . You did well You 're doing something that deserves to be remembered Something that even I had never done in my power . What is it ? You changed my mind , You are the reason for this implication , That 's because you can reach me at my private number , General personal number ? I do not even know your personal number . Now you know . I want to tell you , how this might work but .. I believe it is important for you to say it . I 'll call you tonight , You 'd better be . Louise ... Okay , now it 's all out of here . Good , Sir There is a call out to China , Here ? What do you mean here ? Who telephoned ? Mobile pack . Search basekamp now Find who meggunakan phone Hold in the coordinates . - Good , Sir . Come on , answer ... Answer ... I will never forget what you said You tell me why the weapon was not functioning . Answer ... Just in time , and you came to me , I was instructed to immediately end the call , now . - What are you doing ? - There is no more time . Wait 20 seconds . Give me 20 seconds , would you believe me ? - OK . - Trust me . Dr. Banks , turn off the phone , or we 'll shoot . - Drop your phone . - Forgive me ! I 'm going to count to three - Yes ... - Drop it ! It is finished already . Excuse me ... Excuse me ... So , Hannah That story begins , On the day when we departed You are okay ? In addition to knowing this trip , and why we won , I deal with it and I welcome any time HANNAH - If it is read from the back ? - HANNAH Are you ready ? Father ... You are okay ? All right , we 'll start our affairs - Ian ? - Yes . If you can see all of this from the beginning to the end , Tries left , Maybe yes , And I would agree with you , Directly I would face this alone , as long as I can remember . It will make both of us by surprise , It always means a lot to them , This means you , God knows there is nothing more important to me besides you . We 'll get through it all dear . Yes Yes ARRIVAL
