 Previously on Mars . I will miss my sister , she 's my heart and soul . For something like this to work , it has to be personal . We had traveled further than anyone ever had to get to Mars . But before we even entered Mars 's atmosphere it was like she was trying to push us away . Retro rockets about to fire . And once we landed , she pushed even harder . What is Ben 's status ? How far did we overshoot ? 75.3 kilometers . Come on , let 's fix this . It 's our guys up there . The workshop module . What if they can make it there ? Live in it ? They 'd have a chance . Wheels 5 and 6 just locked . Suspension system compromised . We have to walk . It 's - 35 degree . It will be - 70 by nightfall . We 'll freeze to death out there . Jesus . Ben ? Far off course , we struggle to make our way to a temporary habitat . We need to cut the suit . Fighting just to stay alive . Dammit , Ben . Ben , stay with me . Come on , come on . Still our mission remained , to find a safe haven for the first human settlement on Mars . But getting there had killed the best among us . I was in command now and I knew if we couldn 't find a permanent home in this place ... the Mars Mission would die . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ When did you first know you wanted to go to Mars ? When we were 6 , my sister and I were at the planetarium , and it felt like we were looking at the planets . We had these alien dolls in our hands that my mom had just bought us , and I told my sister I was going up there , that I was going to Mars , and she said she was coming with me . But when the call came for this mission , only one of us was going to be on that ship . They say twins have one mind . But it 's sharing a heart that 's the problem . The only way to separate it is to break it . We all knew someone could die here . But no one ever thought it would be Ben . We picked a place to bury him outside camp out in the regolith . The sun makes this pattern on the ground , when it sets behind the cliffs . They 're looking to me for answers Joon , and I can see the doubt in their eyes . I stay away from the portholes because I 'm afraid if I see my reflection it will be in mine too . I need to be strong for them . As strong as he was . The repairs on the rover are done . We 're able to take what we could from the original landing site , but the workshop module 's designed for 2 people working 8 hours a day . Not a crew of 5 full time . Marta is preparing the drones to start scanning surrounding lava tubes for ice and the geology we need to deploy the dome . Javier is optimizing WAVARs for water . And Robert is doing everything he can to upgrade the environmental systems to keep the air breathable . But the mods to the workshop are already taxing the electrical system . We 'd be lucky if it supports us for 8 months , assuming Amelie can keep this crew from falling apart . Where is the cover ? But , this ... why , why ? It 's all covered in dust . Let 's see if it 's something from here . Javier , todo bien ? Javier ? Esta bien , esta bien , esta muy bien . Robert ... if you open a cover , close it . If you open a box , close it . Patience , patience . You don 't just cannibalize my equipment when you need to jury-rig a goddamn junction box . I needed the fan to cool the upgrades , it was the only option . You have redundancies . That 's not the point . If I don 't fix this now , we are going to have problems with the upgrades later on . Robert . Come help me with the recycling system . Now ! This system is built for 2 people . If you want to keep breathing I need the hardware . Why don 't we take a little break . Amelie , I can 't . Close your eyes . Close your eyes ! Tell me when you have it . Please . Nothing comes . Okay , breathe with me . It 's raining . The drops are hitting a tin roof . It 's just a wash of sound above me . And what does it smell like ? Lavender . Lavender . Now open your eyes . Thank you . You 're welcome , now go back to work . Lavender . Even in those rare moments of quiet , we could feel the storm was always looming . We knew if we didn 't find a home with the resources to sustain us , Mars would kill us in any of a thousand ways . Mars itself is your enemy . You have a shared common enemy on Mars trying to kill you every day . Mars . Photographs reveal a cratered landscape , much like the moon and apparently hostile to life . It 's actually the lack of resources that we have to worry about on Mars . We still have to figure out how to create them there . When we get to Mars we need to solve our basic needs and the basic needs are going to be food , water , shelter and a particular protection from radiation . The longer you spend on the surface , the more dangerous it is so you have to get underground and get away from radiation . There are a number of strategies that can be employed . One of them could be the lava tube . Rising from the flame , giant volcanoes . Volcanoes have existed on Mars for hundreds of millions of years , and as they died away , the tubes that carry the lava solidify and become huge long rooms . We can inflate a habitat within a lava tube , but you have to be near them so knowing where we are on Mars and what the features are that we can use are extremely important . You 'll have to be looking for water also . Now Mars has some trapped water resources . Everything we 've learned about life as we know it requires liquid water . Full stop . So that 's why the mantra for Mars exploration has been thus far follow the water . There 's the possibility that there could be ice within lava tubes and we 're looking to see , you know , what the feasibility of that is . We 're still in the process of figuring out where those lava tubes are and mapping them is not a trivial thing . They 're not so easy to find because they 're underground . So there 's no shortage of hard , technical challenges that need to be addressed before we can have a sustained human presence on Mars . It 's really important that we figure out how to get some of the basics . We 'll use a set of drones to find a lava tube with the conditions we need to deploy a small domed habitat . And that little foothold will become humankind 's first real home beyond the gravity well . Olympus town . Charged and ready . Unmanned aerial vehicles . We watched as our drones took off into the alien sky , knowing they were the only hope of finding the shelter and the resources we 'd need to deploy the dome and complete our mission . But if we couldn 't find enough ice to supply settlement , we 'd be stranded and the Mars mission would end . There 's much to learn about Mars . I mean , we 're still as of this week finding things out . We 've sent orbiters , we 've sent rovers , we 've sent things there to explore it to get to know more about it . We have the interest and are on the edge of the robotic technology that would allow us to get there and do that work . So we 're in the process of right now what we call precursor missions , robotic missions that go before the humans go so we can characterize what the resource is , where we would send humans . Something that people might find a bit surprising is that with modern orbiters , we 've covered only about 3 % of the surface . We just don 't have the data volume coming back from Mars to get anywhere close to mapping the whole surface . If we want to have humans landing on the surface of Mars , we want to make sure that the place where they 're going is safe , and you can 't do that with 100 meter-per pixel resolution images . That tells you diddly squat . We have to prove that the resources are there and so we like to think that ExoMars is the next step to building up the knowledge for that future manned mission . ExoMars comprises 2 major elements . The first element is the trace gas orbiter , which will launch in 2016 . I 've been mostly involved with the main imaging system . We like to talk about it being the best color cameras that 's ever been sent to Mars . We have stereo capability . That means that we can construct a 3D-view of what the martian surface looks like . I used to think of it almost as a sort of a dead world . As you start to get more and more immersed , I mean , you see fantastic phenomenon on the surface of Mars . It just grabs you : polar caps , looking at these new impact craters , the dune fields and you 're seeing them moving across the surface , dust devils running around the place , and that to me , it 's brought the place to life . I get a real kick out of looking at data from an object or from a surface or from something that no one 's ever seen before . ExoMars is important because there are goals of the scientific community that we want to advance before humans get there . Seung , Hana . Mission Entry Phase 1 . The crew is losing faith . Morale is slipping . We 're doing everything we can to find a way to make this workshop habitable until we can find the place in those lava tubes . We were supposed to have two years to find a lava tube with enough ice to supply the water necessary to survive on Mars . But without the infrastructure of Daedalus to sustain us while we searched , we 'd be lucky if we had a few months . Anything ? Hmm , either the candidate skylights don 't have the horizontal entrances we would need to bring in equipment , or the tubes the skylights connect to don 't have the subsurface topography and ice access a settlement would need . Keep looking . Ugh , if I push these modifications any further we risk overloading the entire electrical system . Every piece of hardware we 've got is running into this junction box . It 's too much . We don 't have a choice Robert . ♪ ♪ We have one shot to deploy that dome . It doesn 't go back in the box . There 's a pilot in charge of a multi-billion-dollar mission . If the conditions for settlement are not there , we need to use our second ship , Vega , as a life raft and forget about Phase 2 . If they deploy on the surface , every nation from the International Mars Science Foundation will vote to pull the plug on Mars . Was already short , we cannot tolerate any more failure . IMSF is sending a deputy to Mission Control to assess whether they 're going to proceed or cancel this whole thing . You need to come to sit before the board . We 've got an international hero dead and five more stuck in a utility shack meant for two trying to find a needle in a haystack before their systems fail . We don 't like the optics on this , Ed . Ophelia was doing just fine in the satellite business before we bought into your MMC initiative . If the most qualified astronauts on the planet can 't make it work , how do you expect to make money selling tickets to people following in their footsteps ? IMSF is already watching every move we make , waiting for an excuse to end this whole thing . We need to cut bait before they leave us holding the bag . Are you done ? I made billions of dollars in private enterprise and then I did it again and again . Every small town car dealer knows about profits , bottom lines , and cutting losses . And they all know about fear . You know what they don 't know about ? Foresight . And faith . These are my tax reports for the last five years . It shows my income , investments and all my accounts , business and personal , onshore , offshore , all around the world . You look at it and you 'll find that I 've invested 90 % of my own net worth in this mission . I 've got faith . And I 'm asking for a little bit more of yours . Slow down IMSF , and let this crew carry out the mission we sent them there to do . If they fail , I don 't care how much you invested , we 're out . If they fail , everyone 's out . We were at a critical stage and all I could do was pretend I wasn 't just as worried as the rest of them . We haven 't been able to make the system run more efficiently . Report CO2 scrubber status . CO2 scrubbing has declined an additional 3 % since your last inquiry . There are just too many of us . If we can 't make the workshop safe for long-term habitation , we 're going to need to start considering deploying the dome on the surface . Then the next ship that comes will be a rescue mission . We 've got eight months . We 're going to use them . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Fire , Robert ! Warning fire detected in the laboratory section . Extinguish the lab . System malfunction . Get to the airlock ! Fire ! Go , everybody ! Into the airlock , go ! Depressurize to put out the flames , go ! Fire containment system malfunction . Airlock motors off . The circuit 's blown ! The fire is growing ! Everyone back , get inside the east wall ! What is she doing ? Hana ! Open up , Hana ! What is she doing ? Hana , Hana ! Open the door ! No , don 't do it ! Hana ! No , Hana ! She 's going to burn herself alive in there . ♪ ♪ As Mariner 4 passed over Mars , it recorded on tape tiny bits of information to transmit back to Earth . The track record is probably about 50 % of the probes sent to Mars have been successful in accomplishing any part of their mission . That 's not a great track record . Mars seems to have been a graveyard for several spacecraft , I 've been involved in two missions where we 've had failures , Mars Polar Lander was one . There is more news from NASA tonight and like almost all the news from the space agency this year , it 's not good . SLM , go ahead . This is the [ inaudible ] shutdown load and go . But there comes a point where you think to yourself " Ah , this ain 't gonna happen . " I 'm sorry to report that all we have is a nominal no contact M.R. path . Copy that , Mod , thanks for that uh , thanks for hanging in there with us . Mars is still the death planet , it 's a graveyard of many , many spacecraft . Mars is hard to do . What do you think your biggest challenge will be on this mission ? Well , the biggest challenge would be finding those lava tubes , but the unknown to me is a bigger challenge than that . It 's a vicious planet . The fire left them with less than a week of oxygen . IMSF sent me to make a decision . Is Vega now a rescue mission ? Because if the crew no longer has the means to find a location in the lava tubes , they 're going to have to deploy the dome on the surface . They 're working on sealing off the lab now , but we 're still waiting to hear about structural damage . What about the drones ? Damage to the remote system was catastrophic . No way they fly again without additional supplies from Earth . Okay , guys , go back to your stations and check it all again . I 'd like to speak to you about the horizontal entrance . Joon , please . The nations are meeting the day after tomorrow to vote on how to proceed . If they deploy the dome on the surface , we fail . IMSF will dissolve , MMC will go bankrupt , and Earth will forget about Mars just like they forgot about the moon . If we can 't find a site , the Mars mission is dead . I understand , sir . I 've thawn all I can . We 're still leaking O2 like a sieve . There 's no way to complete the repairs without the equipment that burned in the lab . At this rate , we 've got a little more than 100 hours of breathable air . We 're running out of options . Hana ? We will find it . Aye-aye , captain . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Your faith is admirable , but unfounded , Mr. Grann . IMSF sent me here to determine whether or not you can stop this thing from becoming a global embarrassment , but what I can tell so far , that seems to be an inevitability . Ground penetrating radar isn 't going to find us a site that isn 't there , without the drones there 's no way . My people have done the impossible . They can do it again . There 's nothing , sir , we 've been over the terrain a hundred times . We 're seeing no options for sub-surface habitation with gamma rays or neutron specs . They were supposed to have two years to find a location with the right conditions . And that was with six drones in the air twelve hours a day . There 's not a single tube that shows any sign of a horizontal entrance . They have to deploy . - Wait ! I think I have something . We ignored this horizontal entrance because it was clogged with breakdown debris and too far from the nearest candidate skylight to be part of the same tube system . But if we look at the GPR scans here you can see that entrance leads to a tectonic cave that passes right beside the lava tube under this skylight . With the right equipment on the next ship , we can clear the horizontal entrance and combine the two cave systems . They 'd have to lower the dome in vertically , through the skylight . That tube is at least two-hundred meters , rim to floor ; the winch on the crane only has fifty of cable . What about the guidelines for the Daedalus ? They 've got three 35 meter spools of cable with a nearly identical gauge . They splice those together , that 's 215 meters . If the topography is right , and the ice is there , we can justify deployment . Do it . Daedalus crew , great news . We may have found a place for deployment . Stand by for transmission of coordinates . Kamen , Marta . Mission Entry Phase 1 . The idea that one of the lava tubes we deemed unsuitable could be connected to a tectonic cave is brilliant . Thanks , Joon , Mission Control . Spasibo . Hey Marta , I hope you 're not scared of the dark . Javier , how are the cables ? Good . Alright , Marta , hang in there . Okay . ♪ ♪ Doing great , doing great . Javier , how are the cables holding ? Strong . I hope we have enough to get her down . Talk to us Marta , what do you see ? Can 't see , I can 't see anything . MAE , remaining cable ? 150 meters remaining , 120 meters , 100 meters , 80 meters . Come on , come on , come on , come on . 60 meters , 50 meters remaining . Marta , what do you see ? 35 meters , 30 meters . Nothing , nothing at all . ♪ ♪ Hello , and welcome to Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan . Counting down to the launch of ExoMars , the world 's biggest ever mission to the red planet . Baikonur is the largest launch facility in the world . It 's where the Russians have been launching missions from for the past 60 years , all of the big missions have gone from there , the Sputniks , the Vostoks , the Soyuz . It 's the place where Gagarin went up and did his launch . It 's sort of a holy place I think for space scientists . The ExoMars program is a collaboration between the European Space Agency and RosCosmos , and so there are principal investigators , both from Europe and from the Russian side . Maybe it 's a false impression that Mars is studied in every detail , but it is actually not mapped in every detail completely . Far from that . I 've been thinking about ExoMars for more than 16 years . So , so that 's it over there , right ? Now it 's serious guys . What we 're doing is really rather difficult . A lot of things have to go right . One minute . One minute . Building the instruments is hard and maybe if you haven 't done enough test time and you 're thinking to yourself , oh my goodness , you know , this is going to go in another one of these damn rockets . Launches are inherently dangerous . There 's always some sort of a risk of something blowing up . As long as the thing doesn 't blow up when I 'm too close to it . And we have liftoff . The Americans have had failures , the Europeans have had failures , the Russians have had failures . We check things , we recheck them . We have checkers checking the checkers , and how much is enough to ensure that you don 't fail ? There she goes . Geez , look at that ! Beautiful . That 's an experience , isn 't it ? Holy smokes ! We have to wait a little bit while things deploy and then we 're on our way to Mars . It gets you sort of right there . You have this incredible number of people all working to send something to a strange kind of pinkish dot in the sky . I really like not seeing Mars as a challenge to overcome , but Mars as an opportunity to unite people together in a peaceful way and give our species a goal . You 're giving people something optimistic to pursue . We 've detected glaciers of ice on Mars from orbit that are 40 meters thick extending down to a latitude of 38 degrees . There is a huge amount of sub-surface ice there so this is a unique opportunity for us . 35 meters , 30 meters . 25 meters , 20 meters remaining . We 're running out of line . 18 meters , 17 meters , 16 meters ... 15 meters remaining , 14 meters . Hang in there . 13 meters , 12 meters . Easy , easy , easy . Stop , I 'm on the ground . She hit the ground . There you go . Marta , report please , what 's down there ? Even topography , room to build . I 'm unclipping to dig for ice . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ No indication of exposed ice . There 's nothing . There 's no ice here , there 's nothing here . What 's happening , Marta ? Status update , Marta . Still here , still here . Marta can you hear us ? Marta , do you hear us , Marta ? Is she okay ? Heartrate elevated , but no injuries . There 's a crevice down here . Bear with me . ♪ ♪ What do you see , Marta ? Status update , please . Marta ? C 'mon . There 's ice , we 're home . Yes ! We 're home . The words house and home have different meanings . A house is an inanimate object . Home is a feeling . 'Twas another lifetime , ♪ ♪ One of toil and blood ♪ ♪ Where blackness was a virtue the road ♪ ♪ Was full of mud . ♪ ♪ I came in from the wilderness , ♪ ♪ A creature void of form . ♪ ♪ Come in , she said , I 'll give ya , ♪ ♪ Shelter from the storm . ♪ ♪ Seung , Hana . Mission Entry Phase 1 . The flag is planted . It 's official . Humankind has a home on Mars . Reporting to you from inside the dome which we successfully deployed early this morning on the cabin floor . All of the components are in place , pressurization is complete , and all we got to do now is decorate . What a day , guys . What a day . Over and out . Not a word was spoke between us , ♪ ♪ There was little risk involved . ♪ ♪ Everything up to that point had been left unresolved . ♪ ♪ Try imagining a place that 's always safe and warm . ♪ ♪ Come in , she said , I 'll give ya ♪ ♪ Shelter from the storm . ♪ ♪ Vega wasn 't going to be a rescue mission . There would be more ships after them . And even though there was hard work to do to get the habitat ready for the next phase , the Mars mission was alive . I 'm living in a foreign country , ♪ ♪ But I 'm bound to cross the line . ♪ ♪ Beauty walks a razors edge . ♪ ♪ Someday I 'll make it mine . ♪ ♪ If I could only turn back the clock to when ♪ ♪ God and her were born . ♪ ♪ Come in , she said , I 'll give ya ♪ ♪ Shelter from the storm . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
