 Previously on The Expanse . That distress call we never received , it was logged with HQ . By some anonymous do-gooder aboard this ship . Holden , put a shuttle team together . Some dock-jock was slobbering all over her while she was prepping to ship out . She planted him in the deck . Every time we demand to be heard , they hold back our water , ration our air , until we do as we 're told . This must be the beacon that called us . Somebody planted it . Canterbury , burn like hell , you 've got incoming ! How long can he hold on ? We 're losin ' him . If we don 't get that radio back , we all die ... Today . This beacon we answered isn 't pirate tech ... It 's top-grade military stuff . What are you doing ? Buying us insurance . My name is James Holden . Heaven help us all if Mars and the Belt decide to share a toothbrush . The cold war is over , this is something new . My name is James Holden , speaking for the five survivors of the Canterbury . Our ship was destroyed answering a bogus SOS from a ship called the Scopuli . We recovered a false beacon and identified it as Martian Naval technology . It was a trap . Naomi Nagata , Alex Kamal , Shed Garvey , Amos Burton ... A representative from the Pur Kleen Corporation has confirmed that the freighter Canterbury was bound for Ceres Station with a ... We are about to be taken aboard the MCRN Donnager . Power when it diverted course to answer a distress call from the Scopuli , a light freighter operating under a Belt contract with Tyco Engineering . Action will only confirm that the Canterbury was destroyed by Mars . We 're dead anyway . Have fun . Stay calm and everything will be okay . No , no . Like this . Stay calm , unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke ? Stay calm ... Hands big , and when you talk , in and before is weak . Okay , um ... Stay calm . Unte kowlting gut ... No . Stay calm , unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke ? Okay . Stay calm . Unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke . Better . Every time better ! I have a good teacher . Oh , I 'm sorry . I have to go . Hey , uh , why don 't you stay off the streets today , okay ? It could get dangerous out there . Maybe you , too , Earther . Everybody 's been pissed about the extended water rations . Losing the Canterbury is just going to make that worse . Radicals are going to try to exploit the situation . You can 't blame them . Mars practically declared war on the Belt . Our sole concern is the safe and peaceful operation of this station . Star Helix ... Hmm , nice breakfast ? Will maintain order . OPA roundup ? Fine by me . There will be no pre-emptive arrests of any OPA members . They 're legal residents of the Belt . We 're an Earth Corp. We will remain impartial . These are your sector assignments , your team leaders . You bust any heads and I 'll bust yours . Dismissed . That 's a great speech . Captain , Captain . Muss is your team leader , Miller . I don 't want to hear it . That 's not what I ... Really ? She 's the only one you listen to . Don 't sit . You 're not staying . Juliette Mao . That 's not important right now . Oh , no . It 's important . Now . The Scopuli is the ship that that Holden guy got scooped up trying to save ? Well , Julie Mao was on it . I checked the logs ... All her shipmates were crewed up out of the same dockworkers local , right here on Ceres . I mean , OPA ... Good riddance to them all . This was a favor . She 's not on Ceres . So I 'll run that up the line and then Daddy Warbucks can bother some other Station Chief that he thinks he owns . You know , the OPA has probably heard that I 'm looking for one of their own by now . If we just let it go ... Just file the report , close the case , enjoy your tax-free bonus . All right , let 's go . Hey , go ahead , destroy the evidence , the word 's already out . Keep your mouths shut , now move . If we 're prisoners , we have the right to legal counsel ... Hey ! Get off me ! Hey , come on ! Hey , Amos ! Put him down ! Amos ! Amos ! Just ... Can you just take it easy ? Now what ? Easy , fellas . He 's coming with us . What ? Alex ! Alex ! Hey ! Where are you taking him ? We 're going to die . Why would Mars blow up an ice freighter ? It makes no sense . They 're trying to destabilize Ceres . That idiot governor of ours is weak . Belters get thirsty , OPA fans the flames , and Mars gets the excuse they 've always wanted to sweep in and " pacify " the station . This is a security issue . The Secretary General has to make a strong response . Like what ? Like redeploy the fleet . Which will only inflame the situation . We don 't even know that the Martians are behind this . We have the word of some ice-hauler named James Holden . He was a Naval officer . You saw his service record . He has no reason to lie . Ceres is our station . The key to the Belt . With those resources , Mars could finally cut the cord to Earth . You want a war with Mars ? This will get you one . But it 's my soldiers that will end up dying for it . Well , the Secretary General wants a plan of action , Admiral . And it can 't be , " Let 's just sit and wait . " Unless we have proof , that 's exactly what we should be doing . Fleet Command will not support redeployment unless we have proof . I seriously doubt the Secretary General will want to override us on this . The Admiral 's right . Until we know more , we sit tight and wait . Unfortunately , given the current tension levels , my embassy needs me back on Mars sooner than I 'd hoped . So , please tell them some other time . Of course . Fifty bucks says I can beat you to the end of the concourse . Bubbles . Frank . I always just let you win . You need $ 50 ? I need a drink , is what I need . Have two . It 's past noon . How are you holding up ? Ah , this Canterbury business . The Martians won 't release any more intel , if they even have any , which just leaves the U. N. screaming in my ear for what I can 't give them , because I don 't have . So , for the moment , you 're completely useless and therefore have no excuse not to come to my house this afternoon . Oh , I don 't know if I 'm any fun right now . You 're never fun . But Craig is . That 's why I 'm inviting you . Arjun is making flan . In 40 years , you 've never taken a " no " from me . Mmm-hmm . So why should today be any different ? If it makes you feel better , you are the best at rolling over . See you later . Donchu for sympany . The inners hate us down to our brittle bones ... All right , that 's enough . Get outta here ! Our air . Move along . Enne loof belterloader . All right , you 're done here . Acqua belterloader . You can 't silence us . Belters won 't stand for this forever . Excuse me , sir . Do you like to laugh ? No . I like to laugh . Great ! Now I know what you 're thinking . Mormons aren 't funny . But we have a comedy night at the Laugh Shack once a week , and I 'd love to prove you wrong . Can I put your name on the list for tonight ? Back off . I can 't do it tonight , but I 'd really like to check it out . How about next week ? It would be my pleasure . And it will be yours . All right ... " Captain Shaddid . " That 's great . I 'll be in touch next week to remind you . Now you stay on him , because the Captain tends to get kind of forgetful . Yeah , if you don 't hear back from me , just keep trying . Will do , brother . Hey , hey ! You 're not gonna do anything about that . Nah , you take it . He went that way . Oh , I see . So you 're only chivalrous once I 've already got the guy in cuffs ? Hey , your dates are your own business , okay ? That 's nice , Miller . Earthers and Dusters would unite to destroy the Belt . Now is the time to lock arms ... They blew up the Canterbury ! Remember the Cant . Remember the Cant . All right , that 's enough free speech for today . Break it up . You heard the man . Go on . Come on . You 'll have your day at market , welwala . Yeah ? See , I 'm looking forward to it . Come on . Let 's go . You 're in fine form today . Just doing my job , ma 'am . So do it . If Shaddid wouldn 't shut down my cases . What are you talking about ? Well , let 's see , it can 't be any of the dead scumbags or missing gangsters piling up on your desk , because nobody gives a shit about them , least of all you . The cute girl kidnap side-job ? See , to me it sounded more like a time-suck for some rich Dirtsider . Why are you pouting ? You love it when they drop off the board . Yeah . I like it to be my idea . Cover for me , will ya ? Just for an hour . Sure , no problem . The broadcast must 've gotten out . They 've got to tread carefully . They 're gonna try to frame us . Think about it . All they need is one false confession . And I wonder who 'll crack first . - Nice . - Shut up . They 're listening . No other reason to let us talk . You . Five fathers , three mothers ? Me ? Yeah . Eight parents , one child . Yes . On a 22-acre farm in Montana , North American Trade Zone , very expensive to maintain . You were a tax break ? That 's not the way they saw it . Did you know your true parents ? They were all my true parents . Full genetic mix . In which female did you gestate ? Well , Mother Elise had the widest hips . So ... Why would you destroy the Canterbury ? What ? What are you talking about ? What did you do with Alex ? You were a problem in the Navy . Eight years ago . Aboard the UNN Zheng Fei . You assaulted a superior officer . Not technically , he ducked my punch . I broke my hand on a bulkhead . You were dishonorably discharged . He ordered me to fire on a Belter ship . It was a smuggler ... Who was smuggling people ! You had no way of knowing that at the time . But I was right ! Earth and Mars have been stepping on the necks of the Belters out here for over 100 years and I didn 't want to be the boot . So you decided to switch sides . I stopped playing . Out to Saturn , get the ice , back to Ceres , out to Saturn , get the ice , back to Ceres , out to Saturn , get the ice , back to Ceres , out to Saturn , stop at Phoebe , get the ice . Phoebe ? We never stopped at Phoebe , it 's a restricted station . Why did you nuke the Canterbury ? How long have you known that Naomi Nagata is an OPA operative ? What ? Two advanced degrees in fusion drive design . You never wondered why someone of such obvious intelligence was wasting her life sealing cracks and fixing gauges on an ancient , crumbling ice hauler ? I never asked . Based on the desperate condition of your shuttle , it clearly required extraordinary improvisational expertise for you and your crew members simply to survive , let alone restore your antenna array . These are the hallmark skill sets of terrorists . Did Naomi Nagata effectuate those repairs ? It 's not impossible , is it ? Naomi 's not OPA . I don 't believe you . You do now . All right , I want every box on this pier opened up and I want full manifests on everything that 's in ' em , all right ? We got reports there 's some dangerous contraband-type shit in here , okay . Hey , nobody leaves until we 're done , okay . Bring those ones down and open ' em . Star Helix ! Open it up ! That bird , him die to give you feather for your chapeau ? I 'm pretty sure the bird was already dead , pal . Now him live trapped in Earther hat ? I 'm not looking for a fashion debate , copeng . You got no copeng here , cop . I 'm looking for Anderson Dawes . Think he might be my friend ? He kinda runs things around here , right ? You might know about that . I don 't sasa nating . No ? Wouldn 't sasa that OPA tat on your forearm there , either , or is that just part of your plumage ? Why don 't you look around , see what you can find . Hmm , for me . We 're going to give the vineyard next door half our gray water for eight cases of wine . Gray water into wine , wine into gray water . We 're gonna retire to Mars and the Mariner Valley circle of life . Wait , this wine came from that vineyard ? Mmm-hmm . Please don 't tell me I 'm drinking your pee . Because it 's delicious . No , no . They 're working on the foundation , so they haven 't spliced our plumbing into the vineyard 's hydroponics yet . He wasn 't serious . Of course . I warned Chrisjen that I was a little preoccupied . You seem pretty relaxed , Bub . Craig , I 've put new points on the darts . Game of cricket ? I have a steady hand . Excuse us . Sure . Our operatives caught an OPA agent with Martian stealth composites . Mars is working with the OPA . No , no , no , no , no . It can 't be . Yes . We have proof . We think they 're making a move to take Ceres . The Secretary General is going to present the evidence tomorrow . Stealth Ships are first strike weapons . That 's just not possible . We 'll have to redeploy our fleet to show strength , and that will make a bad situation worse . The Martians wouldn 't do that . I think you love them too much . Hey , uh ... You know , I , uh ... I dated a Martian once . Yeah , she was beautiful , smart ... And , uh ... I love how industrious Martians are . I remember , her mother , she etched a trellis ... She etched a trellis on their air dome ... I bet those pretty tin suits bind up something awful in the crotch . Amos , are you okay ? Just dandy . I mean , all that fancy gear , and the one thing they don 't allow for is scratching your junk . Yeah , I get jock itch , too , sometimes . Pretty bad , actually . What I recommend to my patients is Uvazole , it 's an antifungal cream . And the best thing about it is if you put it under your tongue , it , uh , helps to relax you ... He doesn 't need ball cream , Shed , because he 's got no balls . The Martian Navy took that away from him when he joined up . Those tin suits are anatomically correct . You want me to put you down again ? Come on in . Try . Yes , sir . With pleasure . Alex . It 's good to see you . I think . You look very well-treated . Yeah , well ... I flew with the Mars Navy for 20 years before I shipped off on the Cant . Oh , so ... So you 're helping them ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , there , chief . Settle down . They let me clean up out of respect . Respect ? Yeah . You see , I served and I was honorably discharged , which is a hell of a lot more than I can say about you , cowboy . Yeah , they told me . They told me a lot of stuff . Made me realize , I don 't know a good goddamn about you . You honestly think that Mars destroyed the Canterbury ? Why would they do that ? How the hell should I know ? Then , think about it . That beacon we found ... That you found so easy ? What if it was planted ? What if it was meant to be found ? Planted by whom ? Who stands to gain ? Who stands to gain if Earth and Mars get into a throw down ? How well do any of us really know Naomi ? Hey , hey ! Guys ! These men refused to top off our water tanks . We 'll die out there without it . So die . Mars killed the Cant . Hey , hey , hey ! Back these guys up . You . You ! You takin ' their side , ke ? You stay there . Right there . All right , now . Kowmang ... Kowmang gotta die sometime . How about now ? Give the Martians their water ! Milowda na animals . You have every right to be angry . You should be angry . But if we act like animals , we only justify their belief that we are . Gif im fo imalowda xitim . Treat them the way they should treat us . I 'm Anderson Dawes . You wanted to talk ? I know all the Star Helix who walk the docks . Or used to . We don 't seem to be a priority right now . I could get some more of them down here if you want . This isn 't your beat . What do you want ? Oh , uh , Juliette Andromeda Mao . She 's OPA . And ? Her parents want her found . What you say her name was ? Julie . Julie Mao . She any relation to Jules-Pierre Mao ? Well , you crewed her up on a ship called the Scopuli . You know , the one that Mars used to kill the Canterbury . That would explain your interest in her . How much are they paying you to find her ? I 'm not judging , I 'm just curious to know what your rate is , in case I need you to suit up for a different side . What side would that be ? An Earth Corp may pay your salary , but you were born here . Lived your whole life on Ceres . I think that under that ridiculous hat there 's a Belter yearning to find his way home . Patron saint of lost causes . I 'm all choked up . Have I answered all your questions , Detective ? You haven 't answered any of my questions . You took a young , naive , rich girl with daddy issues . Stop . And got inside her head ... Stop . Now I 'm getting choked up . Other than the money , what do you care ? Huh ? You didn 't know her . Nah . But you did . I 'll ask around for you . See if anybody know anything . And thank you for preventing bloodshed earlier . Ceres will need men like you in the days to come . Your educational history is quite impressive . I took free tutorials and tested through . To work on an ice hauler ? I deliver ice . You use us Belters as slaves . How is the ice on Phoebe ? How would I know ? Phoebe is a research station . Off-limits to Belters . Belt , Belt , Belt , Belt , Belt . Do you think I 'm OPA ? What , we all know each other and we 're all terrorists , right ? I have no resentments . I don 't believe in causes , and I will not be your scapegoat . Mmm . James Holden . What about him ? He has no love for Earth . He 's from Earth ! He hasn 't been back in over 12 years . Well , maybe , it 's his family . People don 't work long range freight because they love it at home . Who 'd you leave behind ? Hands where I can see them , please . Why did you leave the Canterbury ? We were answering a distress call . Belters scrub distress calls all the time . Nine times out of 10 it 's pirates . A freighter captain would not have answered it . So who did ? Hmm ? Who registered the call ? Someone who survived ? The brute ? Unlikely . The pilot ? No ? No . He 's one of us . The so-called medic ? No . Was it you ? Was it you ? Hands where I can see them . Not you . It was Holden . He registered the call . You and Holden are working together . Where 's Naomi ? What the hell is this ? You join up ? Wait , what ? That 's an option ? What did you guys tell them ? - To suck it . - Everything . I told them everything . Anything they wanted to know , I told them . I think I even made some stuff up at the end , I can 't remember . I just kept talking . They told me Naomi 's OPA . Is that true ? Who cares ? They 'll say anything to get in our heads . They told me that you faked your medical records and signed onto the Cant to get away from a drug dealer who wanted you dead . Well , that 's true . So ... You okay ? You ? Are you OPA ? Unbelievable . And coming from you ? Just answer the question , darling . I 'm not your darling , and you 're obviously one of them . All right , all right , let 's just settle down ... You didn 't answer my question . We putting all our cards on the table here ? Look , kids , these Navy boys , they are not gonna play with us all day , so unless you all want to spend the rest of your lives breaking big rocks into little ones on Olympus Mons , somebody better come clean . You stopped me from chasing down the ship that killed the Cant . Why ? Because you were being a reckless idiot . Yeah ? Or was it ' cause they were friends of yours ? Watch your mouth . And you . No one knows anything about you , except you do whatever she says . So what was my big plan , huh ? To sit on a shit bucket like the Cant for five years while all of this got set up ? Sleeper agents . You ever heard of them ? Well , screw you ... Guys , guys ! Human shields , you ever heard of those ? Here we go again . Call the guards . He 'll take the first few bullets . Hey ! Enough ! Hey ! I 'm ready to talk , but only to your captain . I 'm ready to talk . Let him go . Amos . Do it . The Captain will speak to you now . Late last night , our routine surveillance of diplomatic core logged an urgent communique between Ambassador DeGraaf and his counterpart on Mars . Shortly thereafter , we picked up a spike in chatter between Mars High Command and nine MCRN facilities believed to manufacture stealth composites and gunships . Nine ? I thought there were only six . There were more than we thought . They were taking inventory . I leaked to DeGraaf that Mars was giving stealth tech to the OPA . He did what I thought he would . The spike in chatter was panic . They were calling to see if anything was missing . And since they had to ask , it means that they didn 't give it to anyone . Which means that Mars isn 't working with the OPA or trying to take control of Ceres . They didn 't destroy the Canterbury . Then who did ? Someone who 's trying to start a war . Mr. Holden . As we speak , your face is on every screen and terminal in the system . Saying , in effect , that Mars destroyed the Canterbury . This is a lie . The kind of lie that can lead to war . You will publicly recant your statement . You guarantee the safety of my people , and I 'll say whatever you want . You will put out the fire you started by telling everyone , everywhere , that Mars is innocent . That the Canterbury was destroyed through the actions of Naomi Nagata , an operative of an OPA sleeper cell . Are you willing to make that statement ? That can 't be true . Even if Naomi is OPA . Without her , I 'd be dead . She saved her own life , too . - Bring up the bogie . - Yes , sir . That 's the drive plume of a ship decelerating hard toward us . We 've been tracking it inbound ever since we picked up your distress call . It 's not one of ours , or Earth 's , and it won 't answer our hails . We suspect it was sent for Naomi Nagata . What do you think now ? What were the Scopuli 's movements after leaving Ceres ? After the transponder shut off , did the ship show up on any flight control satellites or ... Extrapolate the possible destinations . Show me incident reports for the docks for Juliette Andromeda Mao . Whoa , now . Hold it right there . Yeah ? Hey , Miller . You need to get your ass back down to the Medina now . We got problems . It 's our air , it 's our water ... Moon stole our water ! Used to be on Ceres . Now the water on Mars . We should have brought riot gear . Shaddid nixed it . She didn 't want to inflame the situation . Yeah , we wouldn 't want to upset them . Damn it . We got skirmishes in the Rosse Buurt . Rosse Buurt ? Come on , Gia 's down there . What ? She kind of needs us here , pal . You want to take it ? Go . Yeah , all right . MAN 1 : Mars stole our air . Mars stole our water . Attention , please . This is a Star Helix security directive . For your own safety , by order of the Governor , there is now a curfew in the Medina . Please return to your homes . Return to your homes ! You heard her ! Get the hell outta here , go home ! There 's kids in there . Hold the line ! Get those kids outta there ! OPA ! OPA ! OPA ! Remember the Cant ! O-P-A ! At least you had the respect to stab me in the chest . They sell it at the shop on 25th and 8th . You know what I love most about Mars ? They still dream . We gave up . They 're an entire culture dedicated to a common goal , working together as one to turn a lifeless rock into a garden . We had a garden and we paved it . They couldn 't do any of that without the knowledge of centuries from Earth . Earth must come first . I have no choice about that now . My diplomatic credentials have been revoked . I 've been banned from Mars for life . Apparently I 'm an alarmist who caused the MCRN to expose classified stealth technology hubs . Craig called the realtor about selling our house this morning . We may have stopped a war . For a while , anyway . If you like , we can drink it now . I was looking forward to drinking our wine , watching the sunset over the Mariner Valley . Do you remember ... You were very young , a couple of us played cards at your house ? I remember I didn 't like to be excluded . Well , you always lurked on the side , quiet , obedient but watching . Finally one night , you demanded to play , and , well , we 'd had a few and ... You were ... I don 't know ... However old that is . We let you in . You didn 't take any hands , but you clearly understood the fundamentals . When the deal came to you , you called your game . Tennessee Three Finger Hold ' Em . Your father took it very seriously . He asked you how to play . You said , " We each get five cards . " You dealt them out , then you pointed to the far end of the yard and you said , now ... " Whoever gets to the tree first , wins . " You dropped your cards and were halfway there before anyone else realized what was happening . I 've never seen your father more proud . See , here 's the thing . I was terrified for you , I didn 't know why . And now I do . You will do anything to win . Just like your father . That 's what got him killed . I won 't play with you , ever again . This is a Star Helix Security Directive . Anyone in the Medina without authorization will be arrested on sight . This is a Star Helix Security Directive . Curfew is now in effect on Medina Level . Unauthorized personnel will be detained or arrested on sight . This is a Star Helix Security Directive . Anyone in the Medina without authorization ... Things are calming down around here . I 'm just going to stick around for a while , make sure it stays that way . Understood , Havelock . I 'll pass that along . Okay . Stay calm , okay ? Unte kowlting gonya gut , to pochuye ke ? Come on , guys , it 's over . Just ... Just go home . It 's not over , Earther . It 's just beginning . No , no , no ! Remember the Cant ? This is a Star Helix Security Directive . Curfew is now in effect on Medina Level . Unauthorized personnel will be detained or arrested on sight .
