 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Mace : I 've asked Agent Nathanson - to accompany Aida back to your lab . - Oh , my God . What the ... - [ Bones crack ] - [ Grunts ] This is clearly the Darkhold 's fault . You 're not getting that book . - Yes , I am . - [ Device beeps ] Your previous model had the Darkhold book in her hand . And all the answers it holds . You 'll have to stay here for now until your substitute has served her purpose . I said the new Director should be a powered person the public could trust . And they came up with you . Look , we 're both Inhuman . Why not make the most of it ? The public was turning against you . Now they look up to you . Seems they look up to you , too ... the hero of Vienna . Not as big a deal as they made it . They gave me too much credit . ♪ No , a true hero 's not in it for the glory . Some seek out justice in the face of danger even if it means living life in the shadows . But I 'm proud to announce that Daisy Johnson ... One of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s most dedicated agents ... Can finally step into the spotlight and get the recognition she deserves . [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ During her time undercover , she risked her life to protect everyday citizens . When Watchdogs targeted the Edison Bridge , Agent Johnson held off the collapse until everyone was evacuated . Now , she fled to protect her cover , but today , we finally get to say ... thank you . [ Cheers and applause ] Right now , I would like to invite Sunbury 's own Michelle Caldwell up to tell the story in her own words . [ Cheers and applause ] Thank you , Director Mace . It 's hard to remember details from that night , but three things stand out clearly ... fire , falling ... and Agent Johnson saving my life . I was heading home on the Edison Bridge ... Looks like Director Mace is enjoying this more than Daisy . Know who 's more excited about it than either of them ? General Talbot balls us out one time , then acts like we owe him a damn parade . Yeah , he did what he had to do . Though it didn 't reduce his ego any . Burrows isn 't helping , either . If he gets any further up Talbot 's ass , he 'll need a snorkel . And there they go again with the world 's most conspicuous briefcase . What do you think 's in there ? Could be anything ... Nuclear codes , hush money , Girl Scout Cookies ... [ Chuckles ] ♪ What 's up ? We 're supposed to have an agent on that roof . My son still has his mother , thanks to Agent Johnson . Thank you . Thank you so much . Oh . [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Yeah . Okay . [ Cheers and applause continue ] Sniper ! Get down ! ♪ Stand clear ! [ Crowd screaming ] I 've got eyes on the shooter . Sir , wait ! You 're on the clock . [ Indistinct shouting ] Coulson , we 're initiating Contingency Plan Foxhole . Get the Director out of here , pronto . Already on it . Sir , we need to get you to a safe house . We have a Quinjet standing by . Lead the way . Burrows , with me . ♪ [ Grunts ] ♪ Simmons : What is that doing out ? Um , Agent Fitz asked us to keep it out for a few tests . [ Scoffs ] The only test anyone should be running is how best to destroy it . That thing killed Nathanson . Could 've killed us all . I 'll talk to Agent Fitz , make sure he hasn 't forgotten that . And in the meantime ... don 't go near it . - [ Agents murmuring ] - What now ? How did the shooter get close enough ? What 's going on ? There was an assassination attempt on Director Mace . What ? Is he ... He 's fine . Coulson and Mack are following protocol , taking him to a safe house . What do we know about this guy Daisy grabbed ? Who 's he working for ? Would you stop hounding me with questions ? Get in there and ask him yourself . I need you in the interrogation room . I don 't trust Little Miss Richter Scale to handle it herself . I take orders from the Director , not you . May 's right . Maybe we should check with Director Mace . Well , he 's not gonna get here in time , so I 'm taking the reins . And here 's how it 's gonna go down . You ... get Lee Harvey whatever to talk . You ... find out if Burrows was on the Quinjet . - Excuse me ? - And you ... hey ! ... with the hair . Get me a coffee . And don 't forget the French vanilla creamer this time . Agent May , with the possible exception of my mother , you are the single most intimidating woman I have ever met . We need answers . You can get them . Fine . Radcliffe : She was designed for this very purpose . Aida was meant to save lives ... Prevent assassination attempts . But instead we just had a funeral for Agent Nathanson . Yeah . A painful loss , we all agree . But look , I can figure out what went wrong . Let me examine her ! I 'll pinpoint the problem . - Radcliffe . - We can sort it , restart the program . I don 't think that 's the best idea just now . ♪ Tempers are running high after ... the incident . ♪ I think you should steer clear of HQ for a few days . Who 's this coming from ? The Director ? Agent Coulson ? Yep and yep . Along with everybody else . But it 'll blow over . And in the meantime , I 'll still pop ' round for football matches . Well , if you think it 's best . [ Chuckles ] All right . [ Door opens , closes ] [ Sighs ] This is not good . Not good at all . [ Groans ] Aida ! Get me two ... No , four aspirin . If you have a headache , I could get the acupuncture needles . No , the pills are fine . We have a problem with Agent May . She 's in a better place now . No , the ... the May LMD . Apparently , I am unwelcome at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters , so she 's all on her own . This is unprecedented technology at play here . I need to keep an eye on her . The slightest miscalculation could reveal her true nature . I have confidence in you , Doctor . Of course you do . But if she draws suspicion , this is all for naught . Yuri Zaikin . Russian national . Ex-KGB . Ex-Hydra . S.H.I.E.L.D. thought you died in the battle over the Fridge . Well , it 's too bad you didn 't . ♪ You killed a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent , tried to kill the Director with exploding bullets . They don 't sell those at Walmart ... yet . ♪ Who 's your supplier ? ♪ You just don 't shut up , do you ? ♪ You 've got an angle here ? When they don 't talk , usually means they have someone to protect . So he 's just a lackey . Probably why there wasn 't an extraction plan . Send in the dumb guy they can afford to lose . No wonder he failed . Zaikin : We didn 't fail . Phase One only ever had a 13 % chance of success . ♪ Mack : Doesn 't make any sense . We had agents all over the place , not to mention two Inhumans . Who would send a sniper in there and think they could get away with it ? Smart money 's on the Watchdogs . Though Senator Nadeer may have pointed them in my direction . She 's on the Intelligence Committee , so she had access to my event schedule . Nadeer has motive , but she 's too smart to tie herself to the assassination of an American hero . And Mack 's right ... Their plan was sloppy . The silver lining ... The Director looked like a total hero , throwing that podium . I bet every network is covering it . There is no silver lining for that dead agent 's family . Agent Mackenzie has a point . McCafferty , can we get HQ on the line ? Working on it , sir . [ Static ] There 's some interference . I 'm having the same problem . If I could just get a couple of bars , see if we 're trending ... [ Explosion ] - [ Alarms blaring ] - No . We 've lost the port engine ! Everybody hold on ! [ Alarms blaring , electricity crackling ] ♪ [ Electricity crackles ] Everyone okay ? [ Coughs ] Still breathing . I 'm fine . McCafferty , you all right ? McCafferty ? ! ♪ He 's dead . ♪ The assassination attempt , this crash ... - It 's not a coincidence . - No . Whoever came after us anticipated the protocols , knew we 'd fly to safety . The sniper was just their first move . Sabotaging the Quinjet was plan B. [ Electricity crackles ] There 's no comms . Crash must 've cut the power . Can still try to fix it . HQ can still track the transponder signal . Search and rescue should already be on the way . May not be that easy . _ Damn it . Can 't be another EMP . Our tech is working . Just can 't get a connection . If this was their plan B , we can only assume plan C isn 't far behind . Yep . I don 't feel like sticking around to find out what that is . We 're sitting ducks here . We need to get to high ground , try to get a signal for this sat phone . - [ Electricity crackles ] - First , we find Burrows . Mack : Burrows ? Sir , the chance of him surviving is practically ... S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn 't leave a man behind . ♪ You really think this is our best move ? You know the saying ... If a jet crashes in the woods and there 's no one there to hear it , stay close to the guy with super-strength . [ Sighs ] ♪ [ Air hisses , door motors whirring ] ♪ [ Monitor beeping ] [ Sighs ] I thought this scenario was supposed to keep her calm . Aida : It 's unclear why her neocortical activity is so erratic . The environment is quite peaceful . We 're gathering very useful data . Well , as long as we 're not causing the poor woman any undue harm . There 's been enough of that around . Last thing we need is another incident . You 're referencing the actions I took to protect your secret ? Well , the protection I appreciate . The homicide was a bridge too far . My parameters place your security above all others . You would have been exposed . I was exposed when they found a corpse ! If I terminate anyone else for your protection , I will dispose of the body more discreetly . No ... Don 't terminate anyone . I have to calibrate your settings down to something a little less lethal . My apologies . I only follow your directives . Yeah , well , sometimes you follow them a little too well . Agent Simmons knew what you were immediately . Agent May 's decoy will be more convincing . She 's more advanced than I am . Yes , and you know what you are . She doesn 't . Her programming operates on a subconscious level . And you believe this will keep her from being noticed ? If Agent May isn 't aware of her mission to retrieve the Darkhold , then she won 't be able to reveal herself . Her programming will present as human emotion . She 'll instinctively climb the ranks , gain access , and get closer to Agent Coulson , the man who knows just where this book is . It might be quicker for me to search the base myself . No , I 've tried the quick way . Now we 're playing a longer , more nuanced game , hopefully with less violence . But isn 't the real Agent May already prone to violence ? [ Sighs ] How do you lose a damn Quinjet ? Simmons , tell me they 're alive . I don 't know . We lost contact approximately seven minutes ago . Zaikin said he wasn 't alone . This must be Phase Two . Then we may need more than the standard rescue team . General , have we made contact ? They just dropped off the map ... No signal , no emergency beacon , nothing . It could be an equipment malfunction . When have we ever been that lucky ? If we want our team back , we 're gonna have to act fast . Daisy and I can take point on the rescue mission . Coulson would want me to take command of Zephyr One . Simmons , I need expanded clearance to do that . I 'll take care of that . I 'll make you ... DayGlo pink , or whatever 's high enough . If we find them , they won 't be alone . Zaikin had partners . I 'm the highest-ranking agent here , and contingency protocols grant me greater access if the Director is missing in action . I know that . I wrote the damn protocols . Besides , I have an assignment for you . But I could look through Mace 's file for any leads . If we 've overlooked any enemies he might have ... I 'll handle this . I 'm gonna squeeze our prisoner like a lime wedge on dollar beer night . ♪ Now , find me some science-y way to regain contact with our men on the ground . But we ... [ " Hail to the Chief " ringtone plays ] You all have jobs to do . [ Ringtone continues ] If you 'll excuse me , I need to update the leader of the free world . [ Ringtone continues ] Mr. President . We don 't know who survived , but I 've got our top agents searching for the Quinjet . Agent Burrows has the package , but we don 't know if he was onboard . Yes , sir . Let 's hope for all our sakes that Director Mace got it . Burrows should have landed ... northwest of here . Director , we may want to consider our options here . Given our altitude when the door blew , the chances that Burrows survived that ... I know we 're only looking for a body at this point , but it 's still the right thing to do . Or you really need that briefcase . All you need to know is it 's classified . You know the drill . All too well , but I still don 't know ... Wait . Hold up , hold up . [ Vehicles approaching ] You hear those engines ? ♪ [ Sighs ] ♪ Mack : That truck must be scrambling our communications . I 've seen tech like that ... When we took out a Hydra stronghold in Argentina . Can 't be Hydra . I thought you and Talbot put those guys to bed . We dismantled their network , but that just sent the rats scurrying off the sinking ship . From squid to rat to mutt . Perfect Watchdog material . Priority one is to destroy that truck so we can call for backup . No . Too risky . What ? We stick to the plan . Find the case . Like it or not , he 's in charge . Keep me updated , Agent Crawford . Coulson ? We don 't know . Daisy and May are looking while I try to restore communication . And General Talbot 's here ... " helping " ? In his own way . Soothing as sandpaper , that guy . You collected your stuff from Radcliffe 's place ? Yeah , I did . And , uh , hopefully , he takes my advice - and lays low for a while . - It 's for the best . Yeah , absolutely ... even though the program did show promise . Simmons : Well , promising or not , it was a mistake . You 're right , you 're right , but ... I mean , just to be clear , the mistake wasn 't the program , - it was keeping the program from you . - Fitz , let 's not . I know , but you were the brain we needed on this . So maybe we could just reboot the head ... In a controlled environment ... And then we could diagnose the problem together . Please ! Drop it . ♪ [ Sighs ] Can we just let it go ? Our friends are missing ... maybe dead . Yeah , as always . I just want you to understand that I only wanted ... To prevent this very thing . I know . You 're trying to protect ... To protect you . We 'll find them . Daisy 's back on the team . And , uh ... May 's too stubborn to give up . [ Monitors beeping rapidly ] [ Breathing shakily ] ♪ [ Gasps ] [ Alarm blaring ] [ Grunts ] [ Coughs ] [ Groans ] [ Chokes ] [ Gasps , grunts ] [ Monitor flatlines ] ♪ [ Chokes ] Aida , no ! [ Coughs ] I knew it wasn 't real . Aida , don 't kill her ! ♪ Aah ! ♪ Unh ! The syringe , Aida . We have to sedate her . [ Coughs ] You bastard . ♪ [ Groans ] ♪ What was that ? She was supposed to be in a relaxing simulation . She was in a day spa , getting a hot-stone massage . How hot did you make the stones ? I did exactly as you asked . [ Groans ] Well , at least you didn 't snap her neck , so that 's an improvement . Fetch some restraints . We may have misjudged what it takes to keep Agent May comfortable . So you 're allowed to touch Lola ? Wanted to let you know we 're a few minutes out from the crash site . [ Inhales deeply ] [ Sighs ] Did he ever let you drive her ? ♪ I have this one image in my head ... An early mission of ours . Maybe in Madrid ? Coulson had a mustache . - [ Chuckles ] - He gave me the keys and told me not to let anyone else know . We 're gonna find them , you know . I know . I just can 't shake this feeling . Something 's off . Off how ? With the mission or between you and ... ? Did I miss something while I was gone ? Like what ? You know like what . Davis : Agent May ! We 've reached the crash site , but we scanned for 100 square miles and there 's no Quinjet . Someone must have hijacked the transponder signal . So where the hell are they ? [ Indistinct shouting ] Well , this is a fly in the ointment . This squad must 've been searching the debris trail . Who knows how many others are out there ? ♪ How worried should we be about them getting into that thing ? It 's biometrically locked . Only I can open it . Unless they use explosives . ♪ Still don 't feel like telling us what 's inside ? ♪ Then I guess we 're doing this . Mack and I can go around , ICE the three on the far side . Director , you take out the two by the case . - Are we sure there aren 't more inside ? - Mack : If there are , you can always shot put them with your super-strength . Yeah . ♪ I 'll make it work . We have to move now . Talbot : You need a new strategy , son . This silent treatment isn 't working for you . I 'm gonna ask you one more time . How did you know the Director was going to get on the Quinjet ? Probability . We considered every scenario , and all eventualities lead to our target 's death . ♪ This little mathlete stunt what kept you alive when I wiped out Hydra ? That 's right . I personally had the pleasure of putting your outfit down . And believe me when I tell you ... I can make Siberia feel like a luau if you don 't start giving me some answers . The hammer shatters glass but hardens steel . You are glass . Okay , Pushkin . ♪ I 'll go get a hammer . ♪ [ Grunts ] I miss the Cold War . A man could do his job without one hand tied behind his back . What , you 've never been tempted to use every tool in the box ? A spud wrench ? Hay hook ? Plugging chisel ? Are you speaking English ? Never mind . How 's , uh , the location on Mace ? [ Sighs ] Tracking the Quinjet 's proving near impossible . The saboteurs have projected a false transponder signal while simultaneously jamming the real one . Simmons : We have no way to contact the Director or the Quinjet while this jamming equipment is still active . This is clearly more than some pissed-off former squidheads . Someone with means is backing them . And someone with motive . Could be Watchdogs , Senator Nadeer ... Again , why I should perform a thorough analysis of Mace 's file . Leave the who and the why to me . Just keep working . Every minute we waste places our friends in greater danger . I told you , I 've got this . You may mean well , General , but you are impeding my ability to ... _ What is it ? This section of Mace 's file ... Project Patriot ... The only people who have access are Director Mace , General Talbot , Agent Burrows , and now me . You mentioned Burrows earlier . Any chance it 's because of this project ? Not relevant . Burrows is always following the Director about with that briefcase . It 's not very subtle . What aren 't you telling us , General ? ♪ You two do not want to get into this right now with me . You knew I had access . You wrote the protocols , right ? And have been intentionally steering me away . You want to tell us why ? Or should I just read the file myself ? Aloud . Clear the room . Hey , everybody out . ♪ There 's a very good reason Director Mace is never too far away from that briefcase . ♪ [ ICERs fire ] [ Grunts ] Man down ! [ Grunts ] ♪ Nice shot . ♪ Hey ! ♪ [ ICER fires ] What the hell is he doing ? I don 't know . ♪ [ Briefcase beeps ] [ Gunshots ] [ Gasps ] [ Gunshots ] [ Gasps ] [ Grunts ] No , no , no , no . Aah ! [ ICER fires ] What happened ? It was just one guy . You could 've crushed him . ♪ No , he couldn 't . He doesn 't have Inhuman powers . ♪ He doesn 't have powers at all . ♪ [ Grunts ] Thanks . This is what gave you your super-strength ? What is it ? Some sort of drug cocktail . So steroids on steroids ? Yeah . You probably should 've asked for more specifics . I know it was uniquely calibrated for my DNA . They told me it would make me strong , and it did . I never questioned the science behind it . And who exactly is " they " ? Talbot . Look , it 's not like we gave him cancer . He 's a superhero now . Simmons : But you lied to all of us . It 's a choice I stand by still , 100 % . You didn 't need to know . Why did you fake his abilities ? Well , the decision was made that the new Director had to be enhanced . No candidate fit that criteria . So we made one . You restarted the Erskine program . There 's no program . Just took a very well-vetted candidate and turned him into the hero and leader that we needed . So how 'd you do it ? Targeted gene therapy ? Biomechanical implants ? Actually , we used a modified version of that formula you confiscated from Agent Johnson 's father . - That 's horrible ! - Are you mad ? Think of the formula 's side effects ... - aggression ... - You never fought a juiced-up Cal . - ... mood swings . - The guy nearly killed us . We 're not idiots . We took the bad stuff out . Most of it , anyway . Oh , oh , okay . So you 're just ... You 're just mostly idiots . Mostly . We only gave it to him when he needed to put on a show for a congressman ... Say , lift a car , something like that . He was coming off the final dose when Zaikin took a shot at him . We don 't know if he got the next one . Which is what Burrows had in that briefcase . Without it , Mace is about as strong as a paper bag in a rainstorm . Explains why you were so eager to find Burrows . God , I shouldn 't have dragged him into this . And you two ... I hate that you 're out here without protection . What , you think we need you to protect us ? No , I ... ♪ No . ♪ And I only lied ' cause those were my orders . When your country calls , you answer . Mack : Yeah , well , you won 't be answering anything if we don 't get that bullet wound patched up . Maybe there 's a first-aid kit in that ranger station . ♪ Not a great time for round two . ♪ So even if they survived the crash , they could be stranded in the wilderness , on the run from a band of ex-Hydra thugs , unaware that their enhanced asset is a charlatan . No need to be melodramatic , Poppins , but yeah , that 's it . Fitz , is there any other way to fix the transponder signal ? Scrambled . If I had a day , maybe I could find a workaround , but in an hour , not so much . Then we need to break Zaikin . There 's no time for anything else . What do you think I 've been trying to do ? The Russki isn 't talking . Yeah , all right , well , we need to come at it from a different angle . We have to try and find a way to motivate him . ♪ I know that look . ♪ I don 't . What are you thinking ? ♪ [ Door lock beeps ] ♪ I 've seen American movies . Good cop , bad cop , no ? - I told you I 'd bring a hammer . - Mm . It wasn 't just Hydra who had operatives within S.H.I.E.L.D. It was the other way around , too . I learned a lot undercover . I can 't deny Hydra had some very persuasive interrogation methods . You like statistics . Here 's one for you ... There 's a 100 % chance I get inside your head . The question is how long you 'll live afterwards . You 're so weak . You bring in this woman to scare me ? The last Hydra operative we captured didn 't take Agent Simmons seriously , either . What 's that saying you 're so fond of at Hydra ? ♪ Zaikin admitted to being hired by the Watchdogs . Fitz : Their plan was to take down the Quinjet in rural West Virginia . We weren 't even searching in the right state . The comms are still jammed , but at least we 've narrowed down the search area . Well , hopefully Mace can hold these guys off until we find them . Yeah ... Um , I 'm not so sure about that . ♪ Coulson : Won 't be long before they find the other guys we ICE 'd . What 's the situation ? We got good news and bad news . The good news is , the transmitter truck 's parked out by that tool shed , so we 've got a chance to disable it . But the bad news ... There 's a squad of heavily armed mercs guarding it . And it 's only a matter of minutes till they bust down that door . Should 've left me in the woods when you had the chance . Not helping . ♪ What 's the plan , sir ? ♪ Time to suit up , Director . You heard the part where I don 't have powers , right ? Yeah . But they don 't know that . ♪ Mace : You know you 're being lied to , right ? I can only speculate as to who hired you ... Probably some burly guys in dog masks ... But they 're working for Senator Nadeer , and what she really wants is inside this case . It 's a cure ... For Inhumans . Hold your fire . I don 't suppose she told you how much this was worth . Probably a lot more than she 's paying you . If you 're making me an offer , get on with it . ♪ Looks like we got two choices here . Either I crush this case down to the size of a baseball and nobody gets what they want , or ... Or we could kill you and take it . Try if you want . I 'm ready to go toe-to-toe all day . ♪ But I 'm the only one who can open this case . ♪ [ Grunts ] ♪ I 'd rather end this without any bloodshed ... By which I mean yours . So why don 't you just put your guns down and , uh ... we 'll talk this through . [ Machine-gun fire ] ♪ I don 't think they want to talk . You distracted them long enough . Mack made short work of that truck . So what do we do now ? Survive . [ Gun clicking ] ♪ It 's not an axe , but I 'll take it . [ Grunts ] ♪ I 'm running out . Yeah , I 'm running low , too . Help me get this table . [ Machine-gun fire ] They 're about to breach that door . How 's your aim ? Talbot ran me through some basic training when I got this job , but I didn 't think I 'd need it ... With the super-strength and all . No better time to practice than when your life depends on it . [ Rumbling ] Is that ... ? [ Rumbling continues ] ♪ Where 's Mack ? [ Grunts ] ♪ I 'm gonna make this hurt ! [ Grunts ] About damn time . [ Grunting ] ♪ You okay ? Yeah . Fine . All right , let 's get the hell out of here . Radcliffe : Agent May is resilient . She never stops fighting , yet she showed more distress before she woke than during the fight . That 's odd . ♪ No . It makes perfect sense . The flaw isn 't in the hardware . ♪ It was in May herself . The simulation was rejected because Agent May thrives in conflict and chaos , not tranquility . She 's a warrior . You 're saying fighting against me stabilized her ? Precisely . If we want her to accept the simulation , we need to give her an opponent to fight , an enemy to vanquish , a dragon to slay . Shall I design a dragon ? No . I have something else in mind . ♪ Don 't worry . I 'm gonna figure out what broke you . [ Electronic voice ] Thank you , Fitz . Thank you . Simmons : Fitz ? ♪ Ah . There you are . You hungry ? Yeah . Famished . I was , um ... just locking away Aida 's head ... for good . Let 's never look at that awful thing again . Yeah . Well , you never know . You might want to go all " Godfather " on somebody else . ♪ Is it weird that I found that attractive ? Yes . You handled Talbot like a pro . Oh , please . Coulson always made it look so easy . - Really , Glenn ? - You should be thanking me . We 're in the middle of an arms race . World War III is gonna be decided by whoever has more enhanced assets . You need Inhumans to trust S.H.I.E.L.D. And your plan to earn their trust was to lie to them ? If you 'd consulted me , I probably would have advised against that ... Which is exactly why I didn 't . Keep digging that hole , see how that works out for you . You needed a face for your poster . Fine . Your girl Daisy went rogue . The President tasked me with finding the next Captain America . Not an easy job , but I did it . I delivered a patriot ... A bona fide American hero ! That man could have done anything after Vienna . General ? Could we have the room , please ? What ? You 're taking his side ? After everything we 've done for you ? Please . ♪ You 'd think a damn spy would understand the need to keep a secret . ♪ After the explosion , everything was ... chaos . People were screaming . I had smoke in my eyes . ♪ I wanted to get to safety . And ... I tripped . I didn 't even know she was there . Someone snapped a picture . So you just went with it . I tried to deflect . Everyone thought I was being modest . But they were treating me like the man I always wanted to be . Few months later , Talbot came to me with an offer . I thought I could be the face to end Inhuman prejudice . And you wanted to help . I thought I could . I believe ... that Inhumans deserve the same rights as anyone else in this country . I 'll call a press conference ... resign ... reinstate you as Director . ♪ You 're not going anywhere . [ Picture frame slams ] Excuse me ? S.H.I.E.L.D. still needs a face . Sure , you lied , but you were good at it , even with a gun pointed at you , and that 's not nothing . So ... So what do you ... What do you want me to do ? Same thing you 've been doing ... Defend S.H.I.E.L.D. to the public , play the hero . Keep the title , handle the politics . I never loved that part , anyway . But when it comes to operations , make no mistake ... From now on , I 'm calling the shots . We 'll return in a moment . [ Wincing ] [ Breathing heavily ] Aah . ♪ Hey . Hey , you need help with that ? Uh , no , it 's , uh ... It 's just a scratch . Um , Coulson 's gathering everyone in the Director 's office . I 'll see you in there . Are you sure you 're okay ? Never better . ♪
