 ( suspenseful music ) [ Voiceover ] Oceanus Base , this is Aqua Shuttle 14 on approach . [ Voiceover ] Roger 14 , you are clear on vector two-one-zero . [ Voiceover ] Copy that Oceanus . [ Voiceover ] Shuttle 14 , you are clear to dock at port gamma C. [ Voiceover ] Got it . Gamma C. ( beeping ) [ Voiceover ] Drone approaching . ( beeping ) [ Voiceover ] Drone approaching . Ah , there she is . [ Voiceover ] Systems on manual , docking at your discretion . Careful , really be careful . Hey , do you wanna do this ? No , no , no . Just watch what you 're doing . Oh , okay . This is so important , Sam . Please take this seriously . ( beeping ) Relax , breathe . I can do this with my eyes closed . Not with my pod . ( whirring ) ( thud ) ( beeping ) [ Computer ] Pod secured . There . You happy ? ( smack ) Yes you are . ( beeping ) Ah ! We 've still got that damn fluctuation in the backups . The battery contacts keep giving us that false reading . I better go over there and reset them again . Whoa , whoa , wait a second . Flag on the play . Listen , Erin we should really rethink this . Okay , I don 't think resetting is enough . I mean it could be something worse and we get out there mid ocean and it wouldn 't be an easy fix . Listen , maybe we should pull the pod back to the lab , overhaul the power systems . You 're kidding , right ? This is our last week , we deploy now . I 'm not letting the replacement team get all the glory . This is on us . Erin , nobody 's gonna get any glory ... Hey down there , are you ready to roll ? Hey , Commander . I wanna talk to some Whales . [ Erin ] Yep , we 're almost ready for prime time . I 'm gonna make a final check and then we 're outta here . This is awesome , Dr. Kendall , this is an amazing breakthrough . You must be very proud of your entire team . I 'm honored to be a witness . It 's gonna be really exciting to see linguistic algorithms that work in the wild . [ Commander ] I bet . [ Erin ] Okay . I better get to it ! Uh Jordan , could I , speak with you a moment ? Sure , why not ? What 's up there , Chief ? ( door closes ) I 'm just checking on ya , seeing if ya made any progress since our last beer ? Ah well , with the good doctor ? Listen , no matter what I try , it seems as if she still sees us as a business with benefits . Yeah well , it sounds like it 's time for you to get real , lay it on the line , tell her how you feel . Yeah , have you had a real conversation with Erin ? Well , I talk to her . I mean you ever tried talkin ' to my wife ? ( laughing ) It 's like talking to the pentagon . Listen , all I know is that Whales are the only thing she cares about . I 'm just along for the ride . Oh , bull shit . You 're the best engineer we have . I couldn 't have finished Dome 1 without you . Well I 'm not gonna argue with you there . You know , Sophia and I were on the verge of divorce when we got our shot down here . - Really ? - [ Commander ] Yeah . Literally had my divorce papers in one hand and the invite from Bryan Zanthis in the other . Ah , Mr. Zanthis . Well you know what , he 's a crazy old man , but he provided Erin and I the opportunity to live and work here , to be together , so . Well , he 's a rich , crazy old man , so don 't let him know you faked your marriage to get down here . Well thank you for covering for us . No problem . Now you want her ? You make her yours . ( muffled voices outside ) I 'm serious . Don 't you think it 's just a little weird that I gotta woo my own wife ? Well I didn 't say it wasn 't weird . Listen , by the way I 'm gonna need that Drone back , ASAP to finish up Hab Dome 3 . So , you get your booty back here as soon as you can . Roger that , we 'll send her home as soon as we deploy . [ Commander ] Okay , good luck , happy hunting . Thank you . ( sighs ) ( beeping ) How we looking , good looking ? [ Erin ] It 's all good , let 's roll as soon as I get back there . Ay , ay , Captain . ( suspenseful music ) [ Jordan ] Oceanus Base , this is Aqua Shuttle 5 , now clearing the perimeter . ( blades chopping ) ( upbeat music ) [ Erin ] You remember that pod of humpbacks with the young spotted male , the ones we saw off Lahina ? Yep . That 's the group I wanna talk to . I based the linguistics program on their songs . Thousands of hours of samples , I managed to record a series of song variations that should get their attention . Woo ! [ Erin ] It has to work . It 's gonna be the greatest inner species jam session of all time . Pretty cool , huh ? ( sighs ) Are you even listening to me ? Yeah , yeah . Spotted males , whatever . Whatever ? Three years of work merits a little more than whatever . Hey , can you turn that off ? Yeah , sure , why not ? ( whale sounds ) What 's up with you ? You 've been acting kinda weird lately . Seriously ? Do you know what 's gonna happen in a few days ? When we go home ? Exactly . It 's like it means absolutely nothing to you . I 'm just excited to see my work come to fruition . Where are you going with this ? Where am I going with this ? What about us ? Us ? Mission accomplished . This is what we both talked about a long time ago . It was always about getting down here . We were never destined for suburbs and picket fences . You knew that . No , no I don 't think I did . You know , I don 't think I got that memo . Hey , you 're not making any sense . This is what we ... both of us , agreed to do . Yeah , and you know what ? With this you 'll probably get a Nobel prize . I just thought that maybe ... - ... we could . - [ Computer ] Approaching deployment coordinates . This is the spot . You got us exactly where I wanted to be . Okay . Hold here , prepare for deployment . Oceanus Base , this is Aqua Shuttle 5 . We 've reached the deployment site . ( beep ) Pod auto release in five , four , three , two , one . ( beep ) ( upbeat suspenseful music ) ( beeping ) Releasing ballast . Inflating pontoon . Activating life support . She 's on the surface , systems online , looking good . Okay . Prepare to dock . ( beeping ) ( beeping ) [ Voiceover ] Docking complete , pod engaged . FYI , Conrad wants his Drone back ASAP . He wants Dome 3 completed before the next rotation arrives . No problem . We 're finished with it . Yeah but ... ( scoffs ) Okay . ( blades chopping ) ( beeping ) Oh , you 've gotta be kidding me . What ? Ah , the backups again ? Okay , you know what ? I 'm not gonna waste my breath telling you I told you so , even though I want to . I am calling the Drone back and we are going home . No wait , you 're the Engineer . Can 't you take a look ? Oh , now I 'm the Engineer . Cause I wanted to be an Engineer at the maintenance bay back at Base . Come on , you know you can fix it . No , you know stop with the eyes . Now it 's not cute . ( beeping ) ( dripping ) ( scoffs ) Okay , okay . Okay , uh uh uh . Stand right there . Just don 't get it , do you ? ( scoffs ) ( smack ) ( sighs ) The things I do for you . ( sighs ) You know , I think I know what 's going on here . You better switch to the comm system . - [ Erin ] Why ? - Because power 's flowing between the two vessels . We have to disconnect for me to get a real sense of what the problem is . I think that 's why you couldn 't pin it down when we were docked back at the Base . Same issue . But , are you sure ? Just close the hatch . ( sighs ) ( beeping ) ( sighs ) ( beeping ) [ Computer ] Cabin pressurized . ( sighs ) ( beeping ) ( blades chopping ) Now what ? [ Jordan ] No , what do you mean ? Undock and move away . What 's going on ? I like it better when you drive . [ Jordan ] Hey , you trained in these subs just as long as I did , you can handle it . ( beeping ) I 'm a marine biologist , not a freaking sub jockey . This is your baby . [ Jordan ] It 's just like riding a bike . Listen , take her out about 30 meters . Hold position . ( ominous music ) Seeing anything ? [ Jordan ] Yeah ! Yeah , I 'm seeing how you broke this thing . ( laughing ) Moral of the story , never send a scientist to do an engineer 's work . It was the relay . But trust me , I can fix it . ( shrieking and static ) [ Jordan ] ( voice garbled ) Yeah , what was it ? [ Jordan ] I have no idea . Give me a second . Let me look up . Oh my God . ( rumbling , bubbling ) ( crash ) ( groaning metal ) [ Computer ] Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . ( ominous music ) Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . ( breathing hard ) Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . ( groaning ) ( breathing hard ) Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down , systems offline . Emergency shut down . ( beeping ) ( gasping ) Sam , can you hear me ? Sam , are you out there ? Come in . ( blades chopping ) ( beeping ) ( foreboding music ) ( heavy breathing ) Where are you ? Where are you ? ( sighs ) ( music intensifies ) ( splash ) ( fire and thunder rumbling ) ( zooming ) [ Computer beeping ] Danger , exterior temperature critical . Danger , exterior temperature critical . ( zooming ) ( breathing heavily ) ( water impact ) Oceanus Base , this is Aqua Shuttle 5 on the emergency channel . Oceanus , this is Dr. Erin Kendall in 5 . Do you read me ? [ Commander ] Kendall ? ( sobbing ) It 's Mitch Conrad here . We 're receiving you . What 's your status ? Something 's happened out here . The sky is on fire , I 've lost the pod and Sam is gone . [ Mitch ] What the hell do you mean he 's gone ? He was in the pod doing repairs , he was caught in a tsunami . We 've gotta find him . [ Mitch ] Okay , okay , Erin calm down . Now I get it , but you 're gonna have to give me some time , little time , we 're not in a position here to mount a search and rescue . We 've got structural damage from multiple earthquakes and injuries throughout the Base . Earthquakes ? What happened ? [ Mitch ] I have no idea . We lost satellite feed 15 minutes ago and if you saw the sky on fire and we experienced earthquakes hundreds of nautical miles away from you , something big must have happened . Something major . Well , how bad are we talking ? [ Mitch ] As bad as it gets , a global catastrophe . Maybe a super volcano erupted or worse . Look , Erin is your sub still intact ? Yes . All systems green . Oxygen at 45 percent . [ Mitch ] Okay , then I hate to say it , but I need you to get your ass back here . But , Sam . [ Mitch ] Erin , Sam was caught in a tsunami . Who knows where he is ? It 's a big damn ocean out there and you don 't have the air for an extended search . Look , I don 't wanna lose you too . Please come home . Now . I ... ( beep ) ( sighs ) ( whirring and beeping ) ( beeping ) ( beeping ) ( beeping ) ( sighs ) You better be out there . ( blades chopping ) ( suspenseful music ) ( sonar beeping ) [ Computer beeping ] Metallic contact detected . ( gasps ) ( laughs ) ( sonar beeping ) [ Computer beeping ] Metallic contact ahead . ( beeping ) [ Computer beeping ] Automated distress beacon detected . [ Computer ] Automated distress beacon detected . ( beeping ) ( metal groaning ) ( blades whirring ) ( beeping ) ( crying ) ( sighs ) ( laughs ) ( sighs ) ( computer noises ) ( sighs ) ( whale like noises ) That 's my song , that 's my song ! ( frenzied music ) ( beeping ) [ Computer ] Tracking system online . ( sonar beeping ) [ Computer ] Biological signal at head . Multiple contacts . ( beeping ) ( whale song ) Now it works . There you are . ( sighs ) [ Computer beeping ] Metallic contact detected . Metallic contact ahead . ( sighs ) Okay . ( heavy breathing ) Sam , are you out there ? Sam , do you read me ? Come in . ( whale noises ) ( laughing ) It 's me , baby are you all right ? [ Sam ] ( coughing ) The heat , the fire . ( coughing ) I can 't breathe . My air supply is almost gone . You and me both . I wanna dock , but you 're drifting sideways . [ Sam ] Go , go to the nav computer . Input rule 43 , ( coughing ) pitch 11 . Activate the auto-dock system . Should do it on her own . ( coughing ) Rule 43 , pitch 11 . [ Computer beeping ] Auto-docking system activated . ( gasping ) Hang on . ( whirring ) ( foreboding music ) ( beeping ) ( crash ) [ Computer beeping ] Docking complete . Pod engaged . ( metal groaning ) ( door opens ) ( dripping ) ( coughing ) [ Computer beeping ] Warning , atmosphere compromised . ( coughing ) I 'm here . [ Computer ( beeping ] Warning , atmosphere compromised . I 'm gonna help you , okay ? ( voice covered by music and atmospheric noises ) You can do it , come on . Come on . ( Sam whimpering and groaning ) ( grunts ) Very good . There we go , hold on . Good . Come on , I gotcha , come on . Go ahead , almost there . We 're almost there . Come on , you can do it . Hang on . ( coughing ) Breathe . ( coughing ) [ Computer beeping ] Pressure equalizing . ( coughing ) ( beeping ) [ Computer beeping ] Pod disengaged . ( blades chopping ) ( metal groaning ) ( coughing ) Here , Sam . There we go . ( gasping ) ( coughing ) - Okay . - [ Sam ] Thank you . What happened up there ? ( gasping ) I 'm not sure . After the shock wave I must have been knocked out . I woke up and it was burning hot . And I couldn 't breathe . I couldn 't open up the hatch . Same thing happened to me when I tried to surface . I hoped that I wouldn 't sink past crush depth before you found me . What made you think to use the Whale Call ? ( laughs ) I figured that 's what you would do . The damn thing really works . ( laughing ) Of course it works . ( coughing ) [ Computer beeping ] Warning , oxygen level at 16 percent . Warning , oxygen level at 16 percent . We should , you have to try to make it back . Only if we can hold our breath . I missed you , Sam . ( sighing ) Really ? You were just willing to give all this up . I will never give this up . Are you sure ? How can you ever be sure ? ( laughing ) Come on . We can argue about this when we are old and grey . But right now , you just need to tell me how to get us home . Okay . Okay . ( gulping ) Between these two tanks and my spare air , we might be able to eek out a couple of hours . We 'll have to adjust the carbon dioxide scrubbers and the cabin pressure sensors . Set autopilot and go for it . ( beeping ) [ Computer ] Base auto-return activated . ( blades chopping ) ( gasping ) I 've been trying to piece this all together . With that heat and the meteors I saw before submerging , I honestly think we might have seen the end of the world today . What are we gonna do ? ( gasping ) I have no idea . ( suspenseful music ) Manual corrected , synchronized , and spell checked by H @ w-to-kiLL . ( suspenseful music ) ( suspenseful music ) ( suspenseful music )
