 [ narrator ] It is the year 4032 . Man 's destruction of the environment has created evolutionary aberrations known as Abbies , that rule the Earth . One man saw the catastrophe coming . He created an ark for mankind and selected a chosen few to sleep for 2,000 years and defy mankind 's extinction . Surrounded by mountains and protected by an electric fence , the last of humanity left alive on Earth , do their best to survive in a town called Wayward Pines . [ narrator ] Previously an Wayward Pines ... [ snarling ] [ gunfire ] Use the flame throwers . [ Jason ] We 're all still here , because of you , CJ . They learned how to use fire . They learned that the fields were important . You make it sound as if the Abbies had a plan . I heard you caught one of those creatures . [ Kerry ] It 's the first female we 've ever seen . Her palm , does it have a mark ? It 's like a brand . There is something exquisite about her . [ Theo ] Temporal gyrus . Hers appears to be double the size of ours . Do you think she can understand us ? The Abbies have reentered the valley outside the fence . [ growling ] Are you sure the fence is impenetrable ? The fence is secure . - What if you 're wrong ? - Then we 're dead . [ Arlene ] We 're safe , right , Dr. Yedlin ? [ classical music playing ] [ man over radio ] Incoming , we got incoming . We can 't contain them ! [ woman ] All the craps are dying . Closer to home , at Pacific Northwest residence , they do continue to welcome North Korean refugees . Secretary of State , Curry , assured reporters yesterday that anyone crossing US borders had been scanned for the H1R3 virus . [ beeping ] Was it a mistake ? [ theme music playing ] [ growling ] [ growling ] [ snarls ] Well , I suppose no one 's really sleeping . Oh , I checked your microscope with moldy bread , your penicillin spores are multiplying . Wish we 'd thought of that sooner . You didn 't think it was important to tell me about this ? It 's ... it 's a tribal mark . That took a tool , that took a design , that took a tribe . Look , she got in here , and none of you 've been able to figure out how . Jason is working on that and I 'm confident- - She 's not here by accident . She understands . And we better get what she understands , or it is over . And how would we go about doing that ? We establish a system . Yes , no . Teach her a pattern , a common language , or understand hers . Just like that . Taught my dog to go outside in two days . She 's smarter than that . Abby Comprehension 101 . Associating images with meaning is the basis of all language . I suppose if the female brain is superior , then- - Communication should be successful . Maybe even easier than with our own species . Hey , I 'm so sorry about what 's goin ' on with your wife . She was such a visionary at one point , with the little garages in the backs of the houses . Now finds her only solace in heads of hair . But , really , my condolences . Truly . But don 't worry about anything . Jason 's gonna find you another mate , I 'm sure . Maybe I 've already found one . What do they eat ? Pellets made from leftover rations mostly . Why ? Are you wanting to reward her ? I 'm not using it to reward her , I 'm using it to teach her . - Ready ? - Okay . Green . Green means yes . Yes . It 's for you . Yes . Red . No . No . Hand . Friend . Friend . Friend . She is my friend . Friend . Am I supposed to eat one of these now ? If you perform well . Crown ... is leader . Leader . - Bow to me a little bit . - I beg your pardon ! Listen , I 'm just trying to show her deference . Don 't get your ego into this . It 's ' cause I 'm standing up and you- - Bow a little bit . Leader . Yes . No . Friend . Leader . And if she doesn 't speak English , how does this help us move forward ? It 's the same as when you go to a foreign country . You grasp concepts , body language . Say you walk into the middle of a family argument in some random apartment in North Korea . You don 't speak the language but you know who 's in power , who 's at fault , who 's scared , who 's amused . We can teach her , and she can teach us . [ beeping ] Beverly , now the last time we talked , you were having a hard time with your marigolds . I 'm telling you , stick with it . They keep the pests away . [ chuckles ] Don 't you listen to Harold . He 's still mad at me from that game last week . Harold . I told you I played pick up in the army , didn 't I ? [ newscaster ] And massive explosions continue to be seen from miles away , as the air assault continues with no end in sight , civilians- - [ announcer ] This is an alert- - [ static crackling ] Please proceed- - You 'll be given- - [ man ] Hey ! Don 't move ! - I don 't carry fire . - What ? Your metal . - Please . - Where you from ? I haven 't seen anyone in a while . Clean . I 'm CJ . Griffin . Where are you coming from ? West . You don 't mean Old West ? - Only fragments remain . - Yes . It used to be beautiful . [ stuttering ] How are the fish ? We 're lucky the water 's clean . West . Water 's potable . Anywhere closer . You lost someone ? Didn 't everyone ? Look , I got one . Hey . Oh . Oh , wow . [ grunting ] I 'll go build a fire . [ moaning ] [ moaning continues ] [ Griffin panting ] - Listen , I have to go alone . - Why ? I left when I did just to make it easier . How is this easier ? - We would survive together . - No ! Who 's helping you ? You 're here , close , cared for . - I can 't . - How can you not ? Help me ! Take me with you . - It 's my job to take care of them . - Why not me ? Take me ! I 'm sorry . I can 't . Why do you have the right to be safe ? [ grunting ] [ snap ] There are so many people we couldn 't save . All I can save you from is what 's coming next . You need to rest . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . We 've been at this for hours . Even if she picks up a card , you can 't tell me it 's anything more than dumb luck . She 'll prove it . Give her food , she 'll understand that 's her reward . [ grunting ] [ growling ] She wants them to have it . - It 's empathy . - But not toward us . How many times has she been touched and prodded and restrained ? There are other species that would kill us on sight , or have no compassion for their own . Animals who consume their offspring in the name of survival , yet ... she 's putting the lessers above herself . Yeah . Her lessers who are waiting outside to kill us any chance they get . It 's the mark on her palm . Hassler said it was a symbol of power . She 's not just some chimp that 's repeating a sequence for a cookie . She 's an intelligent being and ... maybe she can help us out of this mess . You really think that 's true ? You better hope it 's true . Because it 's not just their minds . I saw them electrocute themselves . I saw them sacrifice themselves , so others could get in here . And then it 's just- - It 's math . And they have the numbers . And they will win . [ radio static ] You look tired , baby . Eileen . Almost time to go back to sleep . You 're getting lazy . I 'm about to take you . This was always your game . I preferred when we gardened together . My hands in the Earth . Watching what grows . The soil under your nails . You washed your hands so much your skin would crack . But I rub them . In the lotion that smelled like honey . Tomatoes in the summer . They never even made it inside . [ Eileen chuckles ] I miss the smell of summer . What does it smell like here ? I can 't tell any more . I 'm worried about you . I knew there was a reason why you came today . Is it now when we go ? [ laughing ] Baby , that 's not my job . I wish this wasn 't your job , but it is . You can 't come with me . Soon . Maybe soon . Miles to go . When I come home , when this is over , I always thought I would be able to find you ... and lay next to you . But the ground that you were in , it 's not even there any more , is it ? There 's just dirt . That 's not me . Oh , you were lifted from that dirt and became part of the air , while I lay here ... preserved , cheating . It 's your job to be here . But is it right ? It 's what the world is now . It won 't be the world I recognize . I 've seen bombs falling like rain . A sky that was green with poisoned light . There were times I wanted to call out . But I imagined my voice spinning around the world , coming back to me with no one left to hear it . You can make the world whatever you want . You have that power . I don 't want to be alone . You 're not . [ snarling ] Where is she ? - Get her out . Get her out ! - Hey , hey . Let her out ! Whoa , whoa , whoa . [ Adam ] She has the mark ! We know , we know , she has the mark , Adam . Then why are you keeping her here ? Look , they are gathering for her . They are coming for her , so we need to turn her over to them right now . We don 't know that that 's what they want . We don 't know what they want , but she is here for a reason . They didn 't catch her . She was sitting on a carousel . She chose to be here . That brand , that brand takes months to apply . - I have seen them do it . - Then tell me . What is it that provokes them to attack ? That 's an excellent question , Dr. Yedlin . Tell me , which card should we try for that ? You 're both missing the point . Those Abbies outside , they are gathering for her . She is their leader . That is what the brand is for . Fine , so maybe we should be working so she can communicate with our leader . Our leader ? You mean , Jason ? Yeah , you 've been gone a long time , Adam . You have not been privy to the changes within Wayward Pines . You 're right , I 've been gone a long time , Megan , but it 's what 's outside of Wayward Pines that should concern you . I 'm calling Jason down . He and Kerry are on the mountain tonight . You need to let her go . - I need your help . - We 've got to let her go . Listen to me . We 're on the same side . They vastly underestimated these creatures . Yeah , and these people , they are too stupid or too blind to do anything about it now . I 'm trying to rectify that . You 're too late . [ mechanical whirring ] Christopher . Sir . Is the world ready for us to begin construction ? Yes , last I checked , the soil , the air , it 's all good . Back to pre-industrial levels . What a privilege for us to prepare for Group A 's awakening . I can only imagine what you 've seen . The world changing , like sand sifting between your fingertips . Yes . Are you ready ? Let us go then , Christopher James . [ mild chuckle ] [ birds chirping ] Those are here ? Don 't move . Oh , my God . I saw a man once , a long time ago , when he was beginning to change . He was only the first step . - But you were right . - They shouldn 't be here now . Mutation should 've run its course . They should all be dead by now . But they 're here ? It didn 't attack . Maybe it 's like any animal in its natural habitat , if we don 't provoke it- - This isn 't any animal , CJ . It 's mankind gone wrong . These things stopped being human quite some time ago . We could go back to sleep . If you didn 't plan for this , maybe we should . We need to get back to the others . There 's work to be done . How can we live here ? I had hoped that we wouldn 't have to encounter them , but they 're here , this is the new reality , so , we have to drive them away from here and build a fence . Over the settlement ? This isn 't a settlement . They don 't possess our intelligence . They don 't possess our sense of community . They lost all that a long time ago . This is our land now . Our land again . I did plan for this . I hoped I wouldn 't have to see it when I woke up , but ... don 't worry , humanity will win . [ door opens ] [ growling ] [ Kerry ] Megan claims you 're establishing some sort of communication with the female ? We need a breakthrough before they do . How many Abbies were here an hour ago ? And look at the monitors now . There 's over a thousand now . - We know that they 're gathering . - Yeah , as an army would . We need to release her now ! You 're giving her too much credit . - Wayward Pines , it was theirs first . - We made this town . Yeah , on the ruins of their settlement . To save humanity . After we basically destroyed the entire planet . Look , how old is she ? How old is she , about thirty , right ? Blood tests show a mature female , yes . Don 't you get it ? She was there , when we took it away from her . [ Adam ] She was there . [ Jason ] Stop humanizing her . Territoriality is not solely a human trait . Yeah , well , we took it back . What 's wrong with that ? It 's our nature to fight . Nothing is wrong with that . If you don 't mind fighting and losing , them taking this place back and then ripping every one of us to shreds . You have tried everything else . They are surrounding us . There are more of them every minute . The only thing we have on our side right now is science , and that is telling us that this is an intelligent species . So if we can find a way to make just even- - What ? Negotiate ? Why not consider it ? You 're underestimating our power here . Pilcher always said these things- - He said a lot of things , and that would be fine if Wayward Pines had remained in his head . Maybe going down this road buys us more time . I don 't need another naysayer . I don 't think you know what you need right now . I 'm as surprised as anyone to be considering this , but even Megan has been swayed , now that an actual medical professional has weighed in . Oh , I won 't stand for your condescension . I 'm merely stating a fact . You weren 't even awake when we built this town . I schooled you at the academy and I have got no problem doing it now . Now I never denied that you had a good head on your shoulders , but , technically , you were supposed to be contributing much more - to the future of Wayward Pines . - Are you kidding me ? Fertility and survival go hand in hand here . Kerry knows how important the program is . - How could this be a priority- - - It is priority . This really is the inmates running the asylum . Has it not occurred to anybody in this room , that while we 're observing her , that maybe she 's observing us ? Don 't you wanna come and meet everyone ? You all can welcome Group A without me . Come on , CJ . We 've all worked so hard to finally be able to wake them up . They 'll be here any minute . Come celebrate with us . I 'm having a hard time understanding your attitude here . We are rebuilding the world . I know , I saw the world fall , all of it . I watched it , alone . How can anyone say what humanity will be in 2000 years ? How could we have known it would come to this ? How could we know what this time , this loss , would do to our souls ? He knew . My soul is replenished . I need you to have faith , CJ . You say that the world fell , but you 're forgetting all of the people that Pilcher saved . You are a part of that . And what would you tell them , hmm ? Group A , you 'll cut the ribbon , you 'll serve the cornbread ? And do you think they will be grateful that we stole them from the world they knew ? Do you think they 'll be able to comprehend what they lost ? - In time . - In time . Yes . I had 2,000 years to let it go . They will lose it in seconds . Please join us . Group A should know what you 've done for them . I have confidence that they will appreciate the privilege of our continued survival here in Wayward Pines . [ carousel music ] [ shrieking in distance ] [ man ] Oh , my God , this isn 't real . [ man ] Help me ! [ man ] They lied to us ! Stop ! Stop ! You can 't leave me here . [ horns blaring ] [ indistinct chatter ] [ woman ] This can 't be true ! This isn 't real ! Friend . The people ... in this town here , friends . Jason is our leader . This is a waste of time . Why is she cooperating ? I 'm honestly just curious . Given the way we 've treated them , why would she ? She 's communicating , not cooperating . If she can comprehend even more than these simple cards , then we move forward . We try to show her that not everybody in this room is her enemy . You should want this to work . You should want progress . Nobody 's worked harder for our survival than I have , but we 're in a war here , doctor . Yes , we are . We have to try everything . Friends . Doc . [ growls ] [ Jason ] Doc , I wouldn 't do that . [ Kerry ] Stop , it 'll kill you . Dr. Yedlin , I- - [ growling ] [ Kerry ] Get him out of there ! [ intense growl ] Any doubt that she controls them ? This experiment ends now . [ gunshot ] No ! [ growling ] [ gunshot ] Stop ! Stop ! If they can learn ? Let 's teach them some consequences . [ gunshot ] Stop ! Stop ! Hey ! Think about it . If you kill her , we all die ! Kerry . If she does control them , is killing her a risk you wanna take ? I don 't have an answer yet for what will end this war , but eliminating what I believe is a crucial piece of it , is not what I would advise . Or do my words not hold any weight for you any more ? Of course , they do . Dr. Yedlin presents new information . Let 's think about what we can do with that before we waste it . [ snarls ] It 's a cruel joke , isn 't it ? Here we are , last of our species . Best of what 's left . We can 't even climb out of our own ruins to save ourselves . You may be Jason 's replacement , but they 're ours . I 've lived for many years in Wayward Pines . I barely remember the world as it once was . I worked hard ... to forget it . I 'm so grateful ... to have come so far , and to have seen so much . It 's been fascinating , studying Margaret with you . But at this point , we can 't conclude- - Are you so indoctrinated that you can 't see that the only animal in this room was Jason . I see his weaknesses , yes . But we are not the lesser species here . They are not our replacement . I won 't surrender to those kinds of thoughts . I can 't . I 'm sorry . I 'm going home . [ mild chuckle ] I mean , the hospital . I 'm gonna take a shower and try to clear my head . I 'll be back in a couple of hours and then we 're gonna ... I don 't know what we 're gonna do . CJ , you saw them first . The Abbies . Yes , with Pilcher . What do you think ? About ? Was it a mistake ? Commencing construction when we did . Did we wake up too soon ? We 've stolen centuries . But that is a moment that we can 't take back . Why discuss it now ? We 'll gather later to discuss protocol . Wayward Pines did not journey into the future to grind to a halt at this . I 'll not allow it . I assure you . Humanity will win . [ gasps ] [ dramatic music playing ] [ Exclaims ] Margaret .
