 [ narrator ] Previously an Wayward Pines ... They just got their lea der back . It 's not a question of " if " anymore , it 's a question of " when " . Our enemy has moved close in numbers we 've never seen before . We will go back to sleep until the Abby threat is contained . There 's a problem with the pods . We can only take roughly half the people . He 's going to make the selections right now . Take him out . I can 't do that . And now , here we are , with a baby coming . That 's what I want and I think it 's what you want , too . You had a child . The baby went to Texas . That was 2,000 years ago . - H0w do you know baby went to Texas ? - What.7 Haw do you know baby went to Texas ? What are you talking about ? Where is this coming from ? How do you know ? [ gunshot ] We 're gonna do an emergency thorocotamy . I need an additional surgical resident and get me two OR nurses . That 's a really risky procedure , Doctor . He 's gonna make it , right ? You can save him- - He 's just another patient . No , he isn 't . Go . Go . I need two nurses in the OR , stat ! It 's for Jason Higgins . [ growling ] [ growling ] [ snarling ] [ growling ] [ man on PA ] Attention , citizens of Wayward Pines , extra ction teams are an their way . Gather your families and your belongings . Only take with you what is essential for survival . Those who ha ve not been picked up , remain calm . Shuttles will be coming back for the next group shortly . Sweetheart , are you okay ? Reminder , once you do lea ve , you will not be returning home . Let 's go . [ beeping ] [ rapid beeping ] - He 's crashing . - BP is 70 over 40 . - Dr. Yedlin ... - Control the bleeding , Oscar . It 's in his lung . - V-fib . - Paddles . Clear . - One milligram epi , now . - We don 't ... Vasopressin ? Clear . [ rapid beeping ] [ ECG flatlining ] He 's asleep . Time of death , 07 : 33 . I want everyone to go home . The evacuation has begun , we do not have much time . And you 'll all be safe . I promise you . Despite all our efforts , Jason Higgins died this morning . Just a few minutes ago . Jason served this town as best as he knew how . And the best way to honor him is by fulfilling his wish . To survive . We have an opportunity . Wayward Pines needs strong leadership , no one here will dispute that . But what it doesn 't need , what it doesn 't deserve ... is a dictator . Well , I know that many of us did not ask to be here . I know I didn 't . But we 're all that 's left . And when we make it to the other side of this , and we will , humanity begins anew , with us . Because that 's now our destiny . See you on the mountain . [ indistinct chatter ] You 've updated all the prescription records ? On all but the maternity ward . The sutures on Mr. Welsh , they 're holding ? It should be fine . I just wanted to say , sir , what you did in there , with Jason , the pericardial tamponade ... You didn 't drain it first . You didn 't drain it at all . That 's the first thing you should 've done , right ? You never make mistakes . Was that on purpose , Dr. Yedlin ? I did everything I could to save the patient . I took all reasonable steps . You 're gonna make an excellent doctor , Oscar . Dr. Yedlin , I just wanted to tell you what a wonderful little speech you made out there and I know you 're very busy , but I just wanted to confess to you ... I 've had a lot of different professionalities in my life . You mean jobs ? Yes , jobs . L 've been a toll booth operator , I 've been a hockey mascot . L 've been an adult bookstore manager . But ofall those jobs , this is the most satisfying . I feel like I 've really made a difference , and it 's all because of you . And I just wanted to say I feel I can really make a difference in the future . And I feel like , together , you and I , could change humanity . - Yeah . - I will see you in the mountains . Tally-ho . I will see you in the mountains . So I noticed something interesting while doing the paperwork . Jason 's blood type is AB negative , it 's rare , something like , less than one percent of the population . There are only , like , four people awake in Wayward Pines who have it . The first three are this family , the Mansfields . But then the other one is Kerry Campbell . That 's weird , right ? Dr. Yedlin , CJ is waiting for you in your office . [ footsteps approaching ] Impressive , huh ? I think they 're real . Ah ... Well , the evacuation has begun , the pods are almost ready . Easier for me if we can put everyone into suspension at the same time . I can explain to you how it works . No , thanks. I 've been in one , that 's enough for me . Good . ' Cause I don 't have six months to teach you . The plan that Jason commenced had us taking intact families first , both parents and all the children . That accounts for almost 300 ofall the 571 pods that are working . After that , we take the children and leave behind the adults who are non-essential . If there 's any trouble , we 'll be better able to control it . You don 't think they deserve to know , CJ ? They will know . But only after the rest of us are safe . Here , the list . These were the decisions Jason made about who would come and who would stay . He made them quickly but he made decisions . You knew him as a boy . Idid . But I did not know the man he would become . - He was never a man . - He 's in the past . L 'm not sure there 's any point in arguing over him now . You have your own decisions to make , maybe some preferences of your own . I said it should be random . That 's impossible now . And the Abbies could be here any minute . Maybe it 's better to go with what was already organized in the process . Or you can make changes , of course . There are over 300 people who have never been woken at all . You can wake some of them to free up some extra pods . But for every action , there 's an equal , opposite reaction . You 're not only choosing who to bring , well , you 're choosing who to now leave behind . You will be granting a pardon and a death sentence at the same time . Did he suffer ? Did you want him to ? I don 't know . Well , a pod just opened up . You think this is funny ? You were always the brains behind that tyrannical moron . He wasn 't a tyrant . He was doing what he felt was right . Right ? In a place where everything 's wrong . It 's rotten . It 's all a lie . It 's been enough lies , Dr. Yedlin . L 'm only interested in the truth . Yeah . Incidentally , you knew Pilcher changed your file , right ? I knew that . Did you also know that Jason was placed in a pod just days after being born ? And coincidentally , you arrived here days after giving birth . And you both share a very rare blood type . A very rare blood type . [ retching ] [ growling ] [ woman on PA ] Pleaseproceed in an orderly fashion . All families will be processed together . You ' ll all g0 through physical examina tian , then be fitted for your suit and / ed into thepad room . Do not forget , you must ha ve your identification with you . Only residents with proper iden tifica tion may enter thepad room . 293 people have moved into the super structure and now in processing . Then we come to collect the rest . You all right ? No . [ man on PA ] Residents of Wayward Pines , if you were not an the initial shuttle lists , you must wait in your homes for group two . Please be patient . The next shuttles are departing soon . I 'm sorry . You 're not on the first list . We 're taking people up in two groups . We have to sequence the people in the pod room in a specific order . We 'll be back shortly for group two . - Daddy . - Ma 'am . Don 't be scared . Mama 's gonna be there with you . L 'll see you in a little bit , okay ? [ man ] All right , the bus is gonna leave in two minutes , kids , here we go , move along . Keep walking , guys . Hey , keep going . Single file lines , single file . Everyone on the bus , everyone on . Let 's go . Keep movin ' . Frank . Frank ! Let 's go , everyone ! What 's happening ? Keep movin ' . They told us to wait here . They 're taking people up in two groups . We 're group two . What 's wrong with us ? Nothing . They 're coming back . My brother , have you seen him ? Frank ! Frank Armstrong , have you seen him ? You 're holding up the line , come on . - No ! Frank ! - Let 's go . Get on the bus . Keep it moving . Come on . Frank ! Frank ! Frank , Frank ! Lucy ! Frank ! - Lucy ! Hey ! You 're not on the list ! [ groaning ] Frank . Frank ! No . Frank . No ! I don 't wanna go ! [ Lucy sobbing ] No ! Rebecca Yedlin ? Time to go . You need to wait here . What are you talking about ? We 're taking people in two groups . We 're one group , we 're married . It 's something to do with the sequencing in the pod room . Now , if you 'll come with us ma 'am , - please-- - l 'm not going anywhere without - my husband . - Rebecca- - lt 's just one more person , you can take us both there together . Rebecca . Give us a minute . Come on . - What 's happening ? - I don 't know . [ sighs ] Did Theo do this ? We don 't know that anyone did it . We just figured everything out . Yeah , none of that changes . I don 't wanna go alone . I can 't be alone again . When you go to sleep , I promise you , I will be there . And when you wake up , I will be there , too . Wherever I am . And whenever you are . Both of you . [ sobbing ] [ engine revving ] The last group is moving towards the pods . Which we hope will work . There are no guarantees in this life . You 're a surgeon , you know this . L 've had lives in my hands , held a human heart beating . Did one earlier today , as a matter of fact . But we 're not saving just one life . We 're saving the human race . It isn 't any different . No , it 's completely different . Whoever destroys a soul , it is considered as if he destroyed an entire world . And whoever saves a life , it is considered as if he saved an entire world . You 've been saving the world all along , Doctor . You just didn 't know it . Ifixed things . Re-attach nerves , remove cancerous tissue , but it was never spiritual , not for me . Pilcher ... he was playing God when he brought us all here . Do you think it was a mistake for him to take the fate of mankind to his own hands ? A man once asked me , " Would you save a hundred people if you could ? Thousand people ? " Of course the answer is , " yes " . And then , some crazy nurse drugged me , kidnapped me and brought me here . But he 's talking about the alternative which was , they were all gonna die , so , yes , of course . But that 's not the case , that 's not what this was . Everyone here was gonna live their lives . Die horribly or peacefully , but naturally . And now , tonight , choice is , we 're doing the same thing . You said you fixed people . Past tense . Is it something you 're not planning to do anymore , in this next life ? [ dramatic music playing ] [ beeping ] [ people shouting ] This is Dr. Theodore Yedlin . And , uh ... I hope whoever hears this understands all this more than I do . But you need to know that David Pilcher was wrong about everything . In an effort to save humanity , he created a town that is ruled by inhumanity . An effort he had no right to undertake . We are now nevertheless in a place where we have run out of food , and there 's an enemy , soon , to overtake the town and kill everyone here . David Pilcher collected several viruses and they were kept here , I assume for some form of future-germ warfare . I intend to inject myself with the three most virulent strains , bubonic plague , tVDhoid , and Marburg . After the incubation period , roughly 13 hours , I will walk outside of the fence and ... be consumed . By my estimations , just ... medical school memory , roughly a third to the half , should be wiped out by the bubonic plague alone . The typhoid is water-bearing as is Marburg . So the rest should follow suit . It 's only a guess . But it 's the best I have . So the existing members , when they do wake , possibly , could have a new life . So ... That 's all . Except ... This idea of the greater good ... There is no greater good . There 's only good . No matter how small the act . Dr. Yedlin . Your wife is arriving , your former wife . Thanks . But there 's trouble at the checkpoint . MAN : Return to your homes . You are group two . If you are not in your homes the vans willnot be able to pick you up and process you properly . Return to your homes now . Open the gates now ! You 're not going instead of me . [ clamoring ] Whats ' going on here ? Theo , they left Xander . Get back ! Go home ! Go home ! [ woman on PA ] Please stay in line while waiting for processing . Rebecca . Where 's Frank ? Where 's Xander ? Give me some of that . You 're too young . I wish I was born somewhere else . Hmm , unfortunately , there is no somewhere else . What was it like out there ? Scary . So like how it is in here . You know , she is like a mom to her . Good . Get in . Both of you . Come on , get in . Just don 't make a moment of this . We got a ... Get out of the car . Who 's that ? I got this . We 're gonna need that jeep , Xander . Don 't do anything stupid . Dr. Yedlin . You could 've just told us . I know . I thought I did a pretty good job for you . But I guess I was wrong . So you say hello to the future for me , okay ? Arlene . You 're taking his pod . Come on . Thank you , Dr. Yedlin . Thank you . Still don 't know why you did that . I don 't either . Things gonna be different ? They have to be different . L 'll get to the pod room , it 's time . Get them processed . How 's your head ? L 'm fine . Becca . [ woman on PA ] Please stay in line while waiting to be processed . Becca ! Frank . Whoa , whoa . - Easy . - I was so scared . L 'll protect you . [ woman on PA ] Pleaseproceed in an orderly fashion . All families will be processed together . You ' ll all g0 through physical examina tian , then be fitted for your suit and / ed into pod room . Hey. lt 's not your fault . We 've all believed in things here that weren 't real . You don 't even know . I know . Pilcher isn 't here . Neither is Jason . But you are . You survived everything with your intelligence , your instinct . What if for once he was put here for the service of something good . We need all of that . I need it . And you certainly deserve a fresh start . One was enough . Thank you . I guess the future needs ice cream . I guess . We couldn 't save our marriage . You can save the town . Only you can . [ growling ] [ beeping ] [ Dr. Theo Yedlin ] I intend to inject myself with the three most virulent strains , bubonic plague , typhoid , and Marburg . The incubation period , roughly 1 . ? hours , I will walk outside of the fence andbe consumed . " There is no greater good . Only good . However small the act . " I make this sacrifice with the knowledge that with everything that has been taken from me here , there is still a way I can serve my purpose , - and make things right . - Don 't do this . It 's done . You are needed here , Dr. Yedlin . Humanity needs you and more people like you in the future . And less people ... like my son . It 's morphine . Inject the entire vial into a vein , two minutes before you go outside the fence . You 'll still feel them . It 's the right choice . For us both . Don 't worry , the future 's not gonna miss me . L 'm just a girl from Idaho , Doctor . Goodbye , Theo . Non-essential systems have begun shutting down . Only power to the pod room and the fence will remain . That 's that . Look , I 'm not much ... for making speeches and I already gave one today . I don 't know the world that we 're gonna wake up to . But I know we did everything , because that 's what humans do . It 's our nature . And / We seen our worst here . But we ' ve also shown our best . So let 's carry that . Let 's carry that . Good luck to us all . And , hopefully , I 'll see you all very soon . [ whistling ] [ Abbies roaring ] You look tired , baby . Was it a mistake ? You can make the world whatever you want . You have that power . [ beeping ] [ baby crying ] [ baby crying ]
