 HOLDEN : Previously on The Expanse ... ( SCREAMING ) MILLER : Her name was Julie Mao . I flew half-way across the solar system to find her . But I was too late . DRESDEN : I 'm truly sorry to be the one to have to tell you this , but your daughter is dead . MILLER : Her father had turned her into an experiment . Proceed as planned . He had lots of help . They unleashed some " thing " on a station full of Belters . No one knows what it is or does . I met some good people who are trying to stop it . I hope there are others . We barely got out of that hellhole alive . Hell , goddamn ... Some didn 't make it . We 're the only ones who know what 's happening on Eros . All I want now is to find the ones responsible and burn the bastards down . We saved a few . We should 've saved more . HOLDEN : We will . MAN ( OVER RADIO ) : Five tangos on the ridgeline . WOMAN : We 're blind here ! MAN : Still can 't paint the tangos ! We 're pinned down ! No shelter here . We 're dust if we don 't move . Cover me ! Grab target data when those bastards try to light me up . Got it , Gunny ! Travis , right flank ! Hillman , left ! - Roger , right . - Roger , left . ( GUN FIRING ) ( PANTING ) Targets incoming on my nine , high ! Travis , can you shift left ? Negative , I 've got incoming on the right ! They 're lighting her up ! Hillman , stay at your nine ! Travis , throw everything at your six ! Where 's the love , guys ? Three tangos painted , Gunny . Four ! There 's one more out there ! Five targeted ! That 's all of ' em ! Tango 's down . We own this crater . MAN ( OVER RADIO ) : Three-four Olympus , 612 . Your best course time by almost three minutes . - Good work , Gunny . - ( CHEERING ) Nice job , kids . Return to drop . You wait until you see our next run , Lieutenant . The skies will be crying just to please us . No more " next runs " Gunny . You 're shipping out . Rumor is you 're heading to Phoebe Station . So say your good-byes and kiss your mommies . It 's going to be a long trip . Don 't worry , Hilly , your inheritance will still be there when we get back . Damn right it will , Travis . How many terraformers her family own , anyway ? All of them . Hmm . Son of a bitch . I 'll catch up with you in a minute . Roger that , Gunny . Someday . ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) NAOMI : So , other than being blasted by 50 times the lethal limit of radiation , you 're doing surprisingly well . Who knows , maybe you 'll develop superpowers that you can use . That 'd be perfect for you . That infection on Eros , it didn 't get on the Rocinante . So , stop beating yourself up . You made it . ( COUGHING ) ( PANTING ) ( GAGGING ) ( PANTING ) ( WHISTLING ) Maybe we should let the guys on Tycho handle this . NAOMI ( ON RADIO ) : Then whatever 's in there will belong to Fred Johnson . Roger that , boss . Whatever the Anubis crew put in there , that safe is designed to protect the hell out of it . You okay ? NAOMI : I need to pee . I 'm peeing right now . Perks of the vac suit . Go . I got this . I 'm not going anywhere . Because you miss this . The days when we 'd work on a core , just the two of us , not having to say ten words together all day . Lifetime ago , huh ? ( GRUNTS ) NAOMI : Take it easy . Temp gauge . That 's a cryogenic chamber at the core . HOLDEN : It 's losing power . Which also means whatever it was freezing is going to become ... Unfrozen . There you go . Clean as a whistle . All right , step right up . What happen if one of us infected ? We 'll cross that bridge if we get to it . You mean you gonna space us . You know we 're all taking this test , right ? - It 's just a precaution . - That why the door to this room stay locked from the outside , ke ? You Martian , keya ? This a Martian ship . Haven 't seen a Martian ship dock at Eros for years . Or an Earth ship , for that matter . Now all we see is the prison barge . Or transports , full of tourists looking for cheap gambling , and cheap sex , which is good , ya , 'cause it keep our children with jobs . I 'm sure Earth and Mars , they 're fixing to send out relief ships . Yeah , yeah . I see the newsfeed . - Traffic jam to Eros ! - Hey , give me that arm ! I think maybe you wanna space us , whether we test positive or not . Give him your arm and shut your mouth . Or I space you myself . All right ! Nobody is spacing anyone . Low-life sebakawala . We should go back . Whatever happen , maybe it 's over now . Maybe some still left alive . Lot more could 've been saved . You even try ? ( BEEPING ) Look at that . All clear . MAN ( ON TV ) : And the quarantine of Eros Station continues to be a source of debate , as relief organizations testify before the General Assembly , urging the U.N ... ( SIGHS ) Jurisdictional issues ... Hey , you been having trouble ... What ? Working the plumbing ? - No . - Which end ? - Alpha , omega ? - You know ... 'Cause I just took an explosive ... Never mind ! Never mind . Okay . ( GROANS ) At least we get to keep our hair . Hooray . That Julie Mao went through the same shit . I bet she didn 't bitch about it , right ? ( GRUNTS ) Don 't talk to me while I 'm dying , kid . MAN ( ON TV ) : And why won 't we help Eros ? Because they 're only Belters . Somehow less than human ? Because Eros is some backwater that doesn 't deserve basic humanitarian aid ? See , they picked Eros to test their weapon on because they knew nobody would give a shit about 100,000 Belters . ( GRUNTS DISMISSIVELY ) They 'll answer for it . Truth and justice . You still believe that , after everything you saw ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'm gonna hold onto that for a little while . Me , I don 't care much if justice gets involved . I just ... I just want them dead . Hey . I never did say it , but thanks . For getting me off Eros . I wouldn 't have made it without you . Thanks for the lift . And the cancer . Shit . MAN : Madam , did our government build those stealth ships that destroyed the Donnager ? I want your viewers to listen closely . The engines in those ships were built by the OPA operatives working for Fred Johnson . Fred Johnson was a military hero who became infected with the cause of his own enemy . He turned his back on Earth . With his own fleet , he believes he can go from being a terrorist to a statesman . He cannot . My father taught me something . Never listen to what people say . Just watch what they do . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( BEEPING ) Hello ? MAN ( ON PHONE ) : Madame Secretary . Hello ? You must leave the area now ! - Hello ? - The signals are being jammed . Hold on , I can 't hear you . MAN : The U.N. ship is down and on fire . MAN 2 : Archangel is secure . We have Archangel . Archangel was not on the vehicle . DRESDEN : Protomolecule seems to behave uniquely in each subject , mutating rapidly in each different biomass . The level of the information density required for the variety of outcomes I 'm seeing is of a magnitude I can 't explain . " Protomolecule . " They gave the goddamn thing a name . Phoebe Station is where it all started . These must be the Martians that Lopez told you about . They were infected on purpose . These are lab notes . The only way to see what it 's evolving into is by feeding it a larger biomass . NAOMI : He 's talking about Eros . In making your decision , consider this , Phoebe was an extra-solar object trapped by Saturn 's gravity eons ago . What if it were merely a delivery system ? A way to send the protomolecule to our solar system ? It begs the question , sent by whom ? - And why ? - ( STATIC HISSING ) Did he just say what I think he said ? He said , " Extra-solar object " . First proof of extraterrestrial life . And it 's just more death . ( EXHALES ) You still got a beat on that signal that you guys intercepted leaving Eros , huh ? Yeah . Of course we do . What the hell are we waiting for ? You 've got an address . This is a gunship ... We have no idea what 's waiting there . No idea how long they 're sticking around . Maybe they already know that you picked up their scent . We 're not going in blind . Tycho first . Cap 's right . Nobody asked you , no-neck . The protomolecule . What are we going to do with it ? Simple , we stick it on the end of a torpedo and we fire it into the sun . ALEX : Yeah , that 'll do it . Hang on . What if there was a way to use that sample to create a vaccine ? Maybe still help those people on Eros ? Those people are beyond help . NAOMI : You don 't know that . None of us know what we 're dealing with here . And until we do , that is too important to destroy right now . Well , I 'm not keeping it on the Roci . I won 't take that risk . I sure as heck don 't want to share a bunk with that . - Hell no . - Then we 'll hide it . Where ? Out here . No one knows we have it . No one even knows we made it off Eros alive . It 'll be safe . There 's an idea . MILLER : I could take a look around . See if there 's a good spot . HOLDEN : All right . Alex , do it . ( INDISTINCT CHEERING ) She 's doing it again ! You can do it ! You can do it ! You got this ! ( GRUNTING ) ( YELLING ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( EXCLAIMS ) Hey , hey ! You owe me a bottle . Ganymede bourbon , not the cheap shit , eh ! ( GUNNY EXCLAIMS ) MAN : Gonna put in for new gear one of these eons ? Oh , come on . Me and this armor have been through the shit together . We got a history . I can picture it , now . You , in that suit , planting the Martian flag in the Statue of Liberty 's tiara . Earth won 't even be a real fight . Thirty billion lumps of shit , watching vidscreens , stuffing their faces full of free drugs all day . Hell , we should invade right now . You know the second-most dangerous thing in the solar system next to a Martian marine , is a U.N. marine ? Whoa , the Earther chimes in ! Yeah , I 'm more Martian than you , Hilly . My parents had to sacrifice to have a kid on Earth , immigrate here when I was five . - Mmm-hmm . - We chose Mars . Mars chose us . Hey , hey , he has a point , Hillman . The only thing that makes you a Martian is falling out of your mother 's gravity well . How many brothers and sisters you have ? I lost count at 40 . Travis can 't hide from Earth by putting on that Martian armor . His bones are all wrong from growing up in full G. We 'll keep him anyway . - Hey ! - Watch it ! GUNNY : All right , kids . Keep it business . Well put , Gunny . Lieutenant . Briefing in five . I think I hear something . Violins . Schubert in D-minor . I think the Lieutenant has the hots for you , Bobbie . Shut your hole , or I 'll assist you with that . C 'mon , take one for the team . That way we 'll always have the inside scoop . I would do him , if he buttered his bread on the same side as me . I don 't use sex as a weapon , little ones . I use weapons as weapons . ( CHUCKLES ) You 'll be landing on Phoebe Station , securing the facility until we get a science team in for a deeper investigation . After Phoebe went silent , the Donnager was sent to investigate . MAN ( ON SCREEN ) : Every one of the bodies was frozen to the walls of the ice tunnels . It looks like they were incinerated . It 's possible there was a fire or a chemical spill . But all of the data cores have been wiped clean . This is a cover-up . We still don 't know what any of it means , or whether or not Earth was involved . Expecting any U.N. elements ? We don 't anticipate engagement . Lucky for them , because there isn 't a team on this ship that doesn 't want payback for the Donnie . ( ALL EXCLAIMING ) In any case , we will keep it business . Not rumors . Aye , Lieutenant . Prep your teams . Dismissed . Gunny . Up here . I know that you and your team did a rotation on the Donnie . I knew people on that ship too . Captain Yao was a friend . But still , nobody knows what really happened . We know those stealths were Earth-built . So says Fred Johnson , mouthpiece for OPA terrorists . And now Earth is accusing him . We will not be led into war on anyone 's leash . I was a private during the Vesta blockade . Half the Earth 's fleet was headed to Mars , to annihilate its former colony . If they couldn 't have what we built , they were going to pound it back into dust . Luckily for everyone , cooler heads prevailed . We 've managed to avoid a shooting war with Earth up till now . That 's our job . To make sure that that war never happens . And because of Vesta , we pushed back the terraforming project . Fifty years and 50 more . All those resources to the military . Now , none of us will live to see an atmosphere over Mars . That was the price . But it 's still worth fighting for . Be safe down there . SADAVIR : There 's been a development . The Martians dispatched a ship to Phoebe Station , I know . What are you doing about it ? Well , that depends . I 'm assuming there 's nothing left to find there . Is there ? Routine scrutiny would 've passed muster , but this feels urgent . Like the Martians know something . You need to get boots on Phoebe first . That sounds like your mess . And sending a U.N. warship to a meaningless outpost like Phoebe will just draw more attention to it . If you want a weapons system from my project , then it 's our mess . Sell the U.N. on a story . Make it stick . SADAVIR : We need to talk about Eros . Mars and Earth may be busy pointing guns at each other , but those quarantine beacons won 't keep people away from Eros forever . There 's already a lot more do-gooders than we expected . - Next will be the looters . - Then get rid of them . Yes . Of course . I 'll sacrifice what 's left of my credibility for a few short-term trinkets . ( CHUCKLES ) Sadavir . You 're witnessing a discovery that could rewrite the story of humankind , but your imagination takes you as far as putting the boot heel to your former colony . ( CHUCKLES ) This was Julie 's spot . Far from the house , where no one could find her . Where she could find her adventures . She taught herself to shoot a bow and arrow at this tree . Nine years old . Just woke up one morning , and taught herself . My Julie . Even losing her was worth it . She 's a sacred part of it now . So don 't talk to me about sacrifice ever again . NAOMI : This 'll kill any cancer that dares try to grow inside you . MILLER : Ow ! How long I got to wear this ? NAOMI : Rest of your days . But you won 't be able to procreate . I 'm sorry . It 's all right , I put swimmers on ice in the Navy . ( GRUNTS ) I 'd never want to see another one of me running around anyway , so ... If you need a few more days , we ... No , no . A ship needs a captain . I don 't know how you 've managed without me . Yeah , we 've all been a wreck . ( CLAPS ) All right . Now that we 're all done being irradiated , I 'm think I 'm gonna go . I 'm gonna go check out this famous coffee machine you keep talking about . HOLDEN : Other way ! ( GRUNTS ) ( MACHINE WHIRRING ) If you and I have something we need to get sorted out , we should get to that . Yeah ? We 're here now . Your pal , Semi ? You 're upset about that , right ? I had nothing against him . I thought he was a decent guy . - Decent guy ? - Yeah . Do you think you would 've got off Eros without him ? - No . - Ah . But he wasn 't a good enough friend to wait for you . No , no , no . Semi was right . It was stupid to wait . But Naomi made the call , end of story for me . And when your pal pulled a gun , might as well have shot himself in the head ... Here 's what I see , okay ? You seem kind of like a trigger-happy whack job to me . So , let me lay it on the table for you , all right ? You shot my friend , like some street rat . Wow . So ... If you need to square up , you know where I am . Otherwise , you should move on . Because you 're poisoning the air on ... Stay down , Miller . ( PANTING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( CHOKING ) NAOMI : Amos ! Amos ! No ! Amos ! Amos , stop . Amos , stop it . ( GASPING ) I told him to stay down . Okay , okay . Just go . Go . Are you okay ? ( MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY ) ( SIGHING ) Watch the deck . ( KNOCKING ) Come in . Chrisjen . Thank God . Are you all right ? Perfect excuse not to quit drinking , huh ? This is our fault . We put you in the crosshairs . We never should have made you the public face - against Fred Johnson . - It was my choice . Listen , we 're going to beef up your security detail ... I 'm already taking care of that . Intel says it was the Black Sky faction of the OPA . They caught wind of an assassination plot . An occupational hazard in my family . Maybe you should take a few days . At least skip the meeting . No . I 'll be in in five minutes . SADAVIR : They 're mobilizing for war . Martian ships are moving throughout the system . The Morrigan to Titan . The Africanus to Callisto . And the Scirocco to Phoebe . What are you recommending ? That we secure all our bases in the Outer Planets and head off their ships wherever we can . SOUTHER : Most of those bases are low-level research outposts or cargo waystations . If we place our ships in the paths of theirs ... They 'll know we 're ready for any planned acts of aggression . We share all those bases . They have no right ! Mars doesn 't want war . They want to get back to terraforming and building domes for their people . Sir , if we de-escalate , I am convinced that they 'll respond in kind . And erode our position if Mars decides not to give peace a chance ? Sir , we 're the most powerful nation in the system . We need to act like that . Pride isn 't power . And what vast font of battlefield wisdom are you drawing from , Admiral ? I advise that we deploy our fleet to secure any base that might become a Martian foothold . Madam . Do you concur ? I do . Re-deploy the fleet . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) NAOMI : Am I bothering you ? ( SPITS ) Yeah . I was just , um ... Organizing all my stuff here . Then I realized ... I don 't have any stuff . This thing with you and Amos ... I 'm pretty sure he 's not your fella , right ? Sematimba was a good man . He 's more like your kid . Your 200 pound , homicidal kid ... Caught in a terrible moment , and he did what he thought he had to . So did Amos . Antenna 's busted . Amos is different . Yeah . Okay , very different . But he 's not crazy and he 's not evil . He 's just always needed someone to help him out with the world . And he picked you . Congrats . Do you know that old story , Pinocchio ? ( MUMBLES ) No . No , I don 't . Never mind then . Oh , I get it . I think . You 're , uh ... Kind of like his guide star , right ? Lighting the way , and all , through the dark . Like Julie is to you . How long , you and her ? Never met her . I only saw her that one time . ( MILLER GRUNTS ) After they 'd already killed her . ( SIGHS ) I spent a lifetime watching all the evil shit people did to each other . Nothing " got to me " anymore . Holden was shocked by Eros . I was shocked it hadn 't happened a long time ago . But Julie ... I wake up some nights , and I see her standing right there . ( CHUCKLES ) I know it 's bullshit , but ... ( SIGHS ) She 's right there . She takes my hand . She tells me , " You belong with me . " I 'm pretty sure I don 't belong here . ( SIGHS ) This ship . ( GROANS ) So you 're leaving us already ? You gonna just walk out into space ? ( CHUCKLES ) Uh-huh . What kind of pathetic Belters are we ? ( EXHALES ) We used to be a lot better at losing . Then we need to stick together . Yam seng . MAN : The UNN Nathan Hale is on a direct course to Phoebe Station . When we accelerated , they matched . And now the Nathan Hale is burning us . At this rate they 're going to beat us there . Why would Earth suddenly care about Phoebe Station ? Must be something there they don 't want us to find . But Command was unequivocal . Under no circumstances are we to allow Phoebe to fall under U.N. control . Prepare your team for drop . GUNNY : Who 's gonna feast on Earth 's sky - and drink their rivers dry ? - ALL : MMC ! Who 's gonna stomp their mountains - into fine Martian dust ? - ALL : MMC ! Till the rains fall hard on Olympus Mons , - who are we ? - ALL : MMC ! - I can 't hear you ! - ALL : MMC ! - Who are we ? - ALL : MMC ! HOLDEN : All right , cowgirl , I got a nice little resting spot for that nasty blue goo . How you doing out there ? NAOMI : Good . The proximity detectors are ready to go . Now if anyone comes near this missile , we 'll know it . ( GRUNTS ) NAOMI : You okay there ? I think all that radiation failed to give me superpowers . NAOMI : Usually , when we 're in dangerous situations , you hide your nerves by asking weird , inappropriate questions . Huh . HOLDEN : Do I ? NAOMI : Mmm . NAOMI : I hope that hasn 't been irradiated out of you . Was sort of endearing . No . No , I don 't think it has . - So ... - ( DRILLING ) Do you like space gladiator movies ? ALEX : Hey , I just lost Holden 's mic . Can you hear me through the mask ? Yeah . I can only imagine what you saw on Eros . Or what it was like to nearly die that way . We did not choose this , but this is our fight now . We 're the only ones who know what 's going on down there . The only ones with a chance to stop it . Tell me that you 're okay . This crew is depending on me . You 've put your lives in my hands . I 'm okay . ( FAST BEEPING ) Ha ha ! ( EXHALES ) Here , here . ( SIGHS ) ( WINCES ) Oh . - Sorry . - It 's all right . Sorry . What the hell ? This is a ground operation , why are we firing missiles ? Command must have forgot to check with us first , Private . Game faces on . We still have our orders . MAN : UNN command confirms that the MCRN Scirocco fired five missiles in response to the Nathan Hale 's hard-burn towards Phoebe . MAN : My God , they 've done it . Not yet . It takes two to play war . There 's a 20 minute delay from the A.O. By the time we get a full assessment , the Hale and the Scirocco could both be dust . We have to anticipate the worst . Phoebe 's a backwater science station . What are they trying to protect ? It doesn 't matter . They 're making a move . As we speak , the Martians could be preparing a strike all over the system . Have any of their other ships changed course ? Or launched ? Or done anything provocative ? Madam , by the time you see it on that display , it will be too late ... I know how the thing works . Answer my question . As of 20 minutes ago , no . That doesn 't sound like a first strike to me . The missiles are a message to back off . Nothing more . The Captain of the Hale will likely fire back on the Scirocco , as he 's authorized to do . The MCRN will retaliate . Phoebe may be the spark , but it will not end there . The Captain of the Hale knows what 's at stake . He 's a man of restraint . He 's one of our finest . You know Captain Yvgeny ? Since he was a little know-it-all at the Academy , debating me in philosophy . I promise you , sir , he is the same wise man he was back then . The wise thing to do right now is to target the MCRN fleet . System-wide . Mars isn 't stupid enough to start a war that will end civilization over a rathole like Phoebe . Let this saber-rattling play out . We 'll hold , until we hear from the Hale . MAN : God have mercy on us all . I didn 't know we shared Captain Yvgeny as a friend . An exceptional man . Yes . Who never went to the Academy . ( BEEPING ) MAN : Command , the Nathan Hale has not fired on the Scirocco . Their missiles were not intended for us . I repeat , their missiles were not intended for us . ( ALL MURMURING IN RELIEF ) Command , be advised , we are standing down . The Martians were targeting Phoebe Research Station , which sustained multiple direct hits . The ice moon fractured under the barrage and the fragments spiraled into Saturn . It 's completely gone . MILLER : Wish I had your hat for you , amigo . Are we even now , or , uh ... I still owe you one , don 't I ? We 'll figure it out . Alex ! ALEX : Yeah . What 's the emergency ? Okay , it 's kind of an emergency . So , listen . I 'm thinking to myself , I 'm thinking , how often do we all just hang out together and just talk , you know , without work ? No , no , without work . Hey ! Listen , listen , listen . So I 'm thinking to myself , and I say to myself , " Self , " we ought to just do that , right ? " So . Vee-o-walla ! - ( GIGGLES ) - That 's lasagna . It 's " voilà " . Sit down . So that , my hungry friends , is a Kamal family recipe . It 's a staple of the Mariner Valley . Now , granted , we had to improvise a little bit , without any real cheese , or wheat , or tomatoes or anything . Damn , Alex , you 're getting us really excited about this lasagna . Now , don 't go judging it before you taste it , Earther . It 's not bad , Martian . You know , I remember a time on Ceres when there was real cheese ? They busted that black-market curd-cartel on ninth level . Real cheddar , from real cows . Damn , they had cheese in the street for weeks , I remember that . Coming out of every nook and cranny . Bricks of cheese and wheels of cheese , and peace , love and brotherhood , as long as that lasted . Then , it was gone . I busted that cartel . Yeah , it was me and Star Helix . We confiscated about one thousand kilos of high-grade cheddar . It was bound for some luxury spa on Titan . That stuff was out of Vermont , too . Craziest thing , though , the whole shipment disappeared from the evidence lock-up that night . - ( CHUCKLES ) - So , it just vanished . Yeah , the , um ... Security cameras shorted out . ( NAOMI GIGGLES ) What ? Nobody saw nothin ' . ( CHUCKLES ) So the Governor of Ceres gathers all the Star Helix cops together for an ass-tearing . This guy wants to know what is the plan for catching these dubious , nefarious ... - ( NAOMI GIGGLES ) - ... cheese thieves , right ? So he 's there , he 's tearing us a new one . Meanwhile , the whole room stinks like cheese farts . ( ALL LAUGHING ) - ( CLEARS THROAT ) - I think I know that Governor . Teddy the Detector , this guy was not ! Who ? Teddy the Detector ! Yeah ! The little kid , the little robot , teaches you about the air sensors , no ? NAOMI : I think I 'm too young . Teddy the Detector detects ... Goddamn , that was great cheese . You 're right . GUNNY ( ON TABLET ) : Cover me ! Grab target data when those bastards try to light me up . MAN : Got it , Gunny ! Travis , right flank ! Hillman , left ! TRAVIS : Roger , right . HILLMAN : Roger , left . Targets incoming on my nine , high ... SUTTON : Same old shit , " Hurry up and wait , " huh ? Look , Gunny , we ... We got an Intel flash the Hale was carrying 10 times our number . We weren 't going to send you down to a slaughter . One of us is worth 20 of them . They wanted something on Phoebe and we vaporized it . I 'd say the fight 's coming , soon enough . I hope you 're wrong . Earth knows the price of escalation as well as we do . You said our job is to prevent a war with Earth . Ever wonder if we 've got it backwards ? Maybe we can 't have the dream of Mars , until we 've had that war ... They 're lighting her up ! Three tangos painted , Gunny ! Four ! ( VOICES ON TABLET CONTINUE INDISTINCTLY )
