 His breather 's crapping out ! Yeah , challenge is ... well , vomiting in a helmet . We 're losin ' him ! The props people decided the lunch-time soup looked like what would come out if Alex needed to vomit . This was a really garlic-ey soup . And the helmet has a curve to it . It hit the curve , took the curve and went right back into my face . For the rest of that day , all I could smell was garlic soup . It 's all gonna be good . No one else dies today . - From the top . - Okay . Subtitled by sharkykh Hoss ! Debris field . Buckle up ! When you see the scenes edited , and when you see everything come together with the camera movement , the music , the sounds ... Airlock breach ! We 're losing pressure ! It all comes together and you really get a feeling of this ship getting bombarded by all the space debris . The reality is , when you 're shooting these scenes , they piece it together , and it 's kinda funny if the camera 's not on you and you 're watching somebody else do it , without the effects , without the sparks , without everything , and seeing them just throw themselves on the floor by the end just flailing around . That 's ... it 's kinda fun to watch . So there were lots of just like , falling around in place and fake falling over and then getting up and like , trying to hold on to things and look like you 're being thrown all over the place , and that was a lot of fun . Somebody shut that damn airlock ! The first reaction the Holden has to the Canterbury being destoryed is ... a tremendous sensation of guilt , that he has over the outcome of his friends that were on the ship . There 's something you should know ... And the obvious loss of Ade who , you know , he cares for deeply . It 's that guilt that really pushes him through his arc and season , and pushes him to become something greater than he wanted to be before . Do not lose that ship . - Jesus , you 're not ... - We 're going after them . There 's a very impulsive quality to Holden , it is a guy who keeps saying he doesn 't want to be in charge , but god damn it , he knows better than everybody else what to do in a particular situation . Don 't do it , Alex . They just dusted 50 of our friends . Well , let 's not make it 55 . Naomi has quite a lot of opinion of Holden , She 's very aware that she could probably do a much better job than him . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Whoa , whoa ! Just take a deep breath here , people . The two clash . The two clash quite a bit . My name is James Holden , speaking for the five survivors of the Canterbury . When he is recording that video to send out there , essentially he 's kind of possibly gonna start World War 5 , or whatever it is . You are prisoners of the Mars congressional Republic . Move and you die . When it starts ... . you see this character , Chrisjen Avasarala , the millionairess , living in her 24-acre mansion . She 's having fun with her grandchild , she 's an amazing grandmother , but she does not take no for an answer . She gets to the bottom of everything . You know who I am ? I 've heard of you , yes . You see Avasarala in the begining , and she seems very grandmotherly and then she is torturing a guy . I need to know how you got your hands on restricted stealth technology . We really liked that sort of contrast of who she is , that she can be . There 's a softness to her , but there 's also a sort of a tremendous steel well . I was so grateful to know . When I read it , I thought here it is , I am opening the door with a kick , I love it ! I don 't mean to make you afraid , madame . Have I given you the impression that I 'm afraid ? She 's an amazing , strong woman . I have to tell you that I have a lot in common with her . When I left Iran I was only 25 years old . But I promised myself that I 'm not gonna cry , and I 'm gonna survive . And I did . So I guess a little bit of Avasarala is in me , and is in every woman . The cold war is over , this is something new . I 'm looking for a girl , her name is Julie . She discovered something . Something big . If Mars and Earth get into a throw down ...
