 We have a whole team that helps with the anti-gravity stuff . It looks amazing , but actually hanging in the air by your private parts , on a wire , isn 't that fun . But you know , you do it for the end result . Subtitled by sharkykh Please ! Get me out of here ! Traditionally in Sci-Fi , you begin with a shot of space and a spaceship crossing the frame . And there was something very cool about starting in a little storage locker with somebody who 's trapped , and you don 't have the full context of what is happening and then little-by-little , as she breaks out of the locker , you start to get context . The whole floating thing , that 's quite challenging . It 's fun , super-fun , but at the same time you know , you have to be very much aware of every little movement , everything you touch causes a reaction , and ... at the same time you 're just reacting to the drama that 's going on . I knew that a lot of the technical stuff was hanging on the slings , and you know , people are going to be pulling me up and down , and being pushed around , and shaken up , and just a lot of it was basically just having to be in the moment . Breathing helps a lot . Ceres was covered in ice . Ceres , we think of it as sort of New York . Has a large port , a lot of shipments go through there . it 's sort of a way station between Mars and Earth . They 've spun-up the asteroid to give it gravity , and then they essentially quarred it out , using giant drilling machines . So you have untold riches that flow through its port . Yet the Belters who service the ships , and who unload and load them , you know , really don 't get to much dissipate in the riches of the system , and that 's part of their big right . Every time we demand to be heard , they hold back our water . Watch your eyes . People get killed over a wrong look around here . Hey , you , Badge . - Welwala . - What is welwala ? " Traitor to my people . " Miller , he is the guy who 's at war with his own identity . He 's a Belter born and raised , but he 's also identified with the power structure against Belters , so he victimizes the people that he 's a part of . You know , he 's a guy sinking . And you should feel that he is the guy who 's compromised , and you know , if Julie Mao didn 't come along , Miller would just kind of fade out like a red sun and disappear . So , what 's my contract exactly ? Find Julie Mao , if she 's still here on Ceres , detain her , and ship her home . Kidnap job . My pleasure . It 's been a long time comin ' . - Are you kidding ? - No . I thought I was getting my walking papers . What for ? Fraternizing with our navigator , for starters . - What ? - When we meet Holden , Holden has spent his whole life trying to answer to nobody . He 's run , he 's run from any major responsibility for other people . He wants his life to be simple , and loves being on the Canterbury with all these other outcasts . Shooting anti-gravity sucks , 'cause it 's far more complicated set of circumstances than one might think . I mean , we we 're on wires that were being pulled manually by people . It was far less enjoyable then I kind of was hoping it to be . Warning . Gravity hazard . I think ultimately , you know , it 's real , it 's part of human nature . Just because we 're out in space doesn 't mean that , you know , we 've changed as a ... as a species . Hey , Paj , how 's the arm ? Looking good . Still got a few nerves , though . We really bent over backwards to make that environment feel homey and real , and give the ship a lot of character and people ... you felt like there 's going to be all sorts of interesting relationships that are gonna happen over the course of episodes . A ship just appeared near your location . How is that possible ? You cleared us out to a million clicks . The only way you feel lost , like you do at the end of episode one , is if you truly believe that this is the place that you gonna be with for a very long time , that these are the people that you gonna be spending a series with . Torpedo launch ! We 're gonna take ' em for a ride . Alex , go around the asteroid . Run ' em ! Now ! So when the Canterbury gets blown up at the end , it 's really a shock . Canterbury , burn like hell , you 've got incoming ! That whole lead after the end of the episode , I find this very emotional when , you know , that last moment perhaps , between Ade and Holden before the ship evaporates , that still gets me . There 's something you should know ... She 's gone . I 'm looking for a girl , her name is Julie . She discovered something . Something big . If Mars and Earth get into a throw down ...
