 I used to think this was the beginning of your story . Memory is a strange thing . It does not work like I thought it did . We are so bound by time . By its order . Okay . Come back to me . Come back to me . Come back to me . Stick em up ! Are you the sheriff in this here town ? My tickle guns and I 'm gonna get you You want me to chase you ? You better run . I remember moments in the middle . I love you . I hate you ! And this was the end . Come back to me . Baby , come back to me . But now I 'm not so sure I believe in beginnings and endings . There are days that define your story beyond your life . Like the day they arrived . Good Morning . Where is everyone ? Ok ... Well let 's get started . Today , we 're talking about Portuguese and why it sounds so different from the other Romance languages . The story of Portuguese begins in the Kingdom of Galicia ... In the Middle Ages ... where language was seen as an expression of art . Any news you want to share ? Dr. Banks can you turn the TV to a news channel ? .. but police have already set up a blockade around the area As you can see , we 've got just about as close as we can but unfortunately , Montana right now , is on complete lock down . The object apparently touched down 40 minutes ago , just north of I-94 . We are waiting to hear if this is perhaps an experimental vessel or ... Hold on ... I 'm learning that more objects like this have landed in as many as eight other locations around the world Yes ? Henry ? This is from a site in Hokkaido . This is worldwide . It is happening right now . Okay ... um ... Class is dismissed . For now we 're simply asking for cooperation while authorities assess the object . So you 're saying it 's not ours ? - Do you even know if it 's from Earth ? - We 're still collecting information . We 're coordinating with other countries . We are not the only ones to have one of these in our backyard . If this is some sort of peaceful first contact , why send twelve ? Why not just one ? I don 't know , Mom . I 'm watching the same news coverage you are . Mom ... mom , please don 't bother with that channel . How many times do I have to tell you those people are idiots ? well , do I sound nervous ? Ok , exactly ... so ... Uhm , me ? You know me . I 'm about the same Mom , I 'm fine . Ok , I 'll call you later - bye . And in around eight hours after landing , There 's still no signs of what might be called " first contact . " The objects measure at least 1500ft tall ... two are reported to have penetrated Russian airspace . One in Siberia and the other off the coast of the Black Sea above the ocean . So far there are 12 unidentified objects spread across the globe there is no obvious logic to their locations And no evidence that the ships are even occ ... we entertain the idea that if it is a kind of vessel , it may be unmanned . Regardless , we have a protocol for scenarios like this . LIVE FROM VENEZUELA After Tuesday 's extraordinary events , the President this morning has declared a state of emergency With as many as 5,000 National Guard being deployed to the state of Montana , alone . Borders are closed and flights have been grounded , stranding millions of travelers . Panic buying of gas , water and food continues to escalate and federal authorities have temporarily lifted all caps on overtime for law enforcement . The ATF has put a temporary ban on new gun licenses , forcing many independent suppliers of hunting equipment and firearms to close their doors to the public . 48 hours later and no further development ... Two days . And already the public expects us to know the answers . I 'm Colonel G.T. Weber . We 've never formally met but two years ago , you did some Farsi translations from the Intelligence ? You 've made quick work with those insurgent videos You 've made quick work with those insurgents You 're on the top ... on everyone 's list when it comes to translations . And you have another two years in the SSBI So , you still have top secret clearance that 's why I 'm in your office and not in Berkeley . Okay ? I have something I need you to translate for me . Why are you here ? Can you understand us ? Where did you come from ? Now you heard it what do you make of it ? - Is that ... ? - Yes . - How many ? - How many what ? How many , speaking ? Two . Assume they were not speaking at the same time . Are you sure they have mouths ... How would you approach translating this ? You hear any words ? Phrases ? I do not ... I do not know . So what can you tell me ? I can tell you that it is impossible to translate from an audio file . I would need to be there to interact with them . You did not need that for the Farsi translations I did not need because I already knew the language , but this is ... I know what you 're doing . - Tell me what I 'm doing . - I 'm not taking you to Montana . It 's all I can do to keep it turning into a tourist site for everybody who has a TS clearance . I 'm just telling you what it would take to do this job . It is not a negotiation . If I leave here ... your chance is gone . Good day . Colonel , You mentioned Berkeley . Are you going to ask Danvers next ? Maybe . Before you commit to him ... ask him the Sanskrit word for " war " and its translation . An agreement on sharing scientific discoveries looks closer tonight as Russia and China joined talks at the United Nations . Meanwhile , financial markets across the world are in crisis as the Dow Jones industrial average fell over 2,000 points in its worst weekly .. - Good Morning . - Colonel ? Gavisti . He says it means an argument . - What do you say it means ? - A desire for more cows . Pack your bags . - All right , give me 20 minutes . - We take off in 10 ! Dr. Banks ! This way , please . - Are you alright ? - Yes . Thanks . Sorry I couldn 't hear what you were saying . " Language is the foundation of civilization It is the glue that holds the people together It is the first weapon drawn in a conflict . " Louise , this is Ian Donnelly . Louise Banks , Ian Donnelly . - It 's quite a reading ! - Yeah ... you wrote it . Yeah . It 's the kind of thing you write as a preface . dazzle them with the basics . It 's great . Even if it 's wrong . - What 's wrong ? - The cornerstone of civilization isn 't language - it 's science . Ian is a theoretical physicist from Los Alamos . You 'll be reporting to me , but you 'll be working with him when you are in the shop . That 's where they call it the UFO Priority One . What do they want , Where are they from ? Beyond that , how did they get here ? Are they capable of faster than light travel ? I made a list of questions , to go over , starting with the series of just a handshake binary sequences How about we just talk to them before we start throwing out problems at them ? This is why you both here . I 'll bring the coffee . Coffee with some aliens . - I want you to take these two to Dr. Kettler . - Yes sir . Follow the captain to the medical The procedure takes just a few minutes , then we 'll get started . Alright . They will take care of your bags ... and cell phones . Follow me . Put this on and wear them all times . Sir , they 're here . Louise Banks , Ian Donnelly . When was the last time either of you have eaten ? - Last night . - Same . When was the last time you did something stressful ? Does now count ? - Just saying . - Who 's being ... carted off in the medevac ? Not everyone is able to process experiences like this . I 'm gonna get some blood from you . and give you an immunization doze that covers off a battery of bacterial threats . Could you sign this please ? Roll up your sleeves . - Either of you claustrophobic ? - No . Are you taking any medications ? allergies ? pregnant ? The booster is a kick to your system so you may experience some side effects nausea , dizziness , headaches . ringing in your ears , like you have tinnitus At exactly 112 minutes and 19 seconds gravity starts to shift and slides out of the room . Have you found a scientific explanation for it ? - Like is it for them ? - No , I think it is for us . The air seems to circulate inside the chamber , so ... After about two hours , you run out of oxygen . It doesn 't take 18 hours to pump fresh air into a room ? Atmosphere . - Excuse me ? - If their atmosphere is different from earth , It would certainly take hours to balance to content of pressure for us everytime they open their door . So you 're saying they could suffocate us if they wanted to ? This is Agent David Halpern , the CIA . - Let me get you two to your stations . - Yes sir . We need answers as soon as possible . What do they want , where they from . Why they are here , this is a priority . Everyone . This is Dr. Ian Donnelly , he 'll be running this team here Have they responded to anything ? Shapes , patterns , numbers , Fibonacci ? We can 't tell what they were saying , but they responded to " hello " , so ... don 't get ahead of yourself What have you figured out ? We 're just getting started . Good Morning . This is Dr Louise Banks . - She will be heading your team . - Dr. Banks , it 's a pleasure Dr. Banks is taking over the mission from Dr. Waller . It 's a 15 minute walk you scuba dived before ? What kind of radiation exposure are we walking into ? Nominal , these are just for safety . So is there any physical contact with the .. am I the only one having trouble saying , aliens ? There 's a wall , like a glass wall , you can 't get to them So , what do they look like ? You 'll see soon enough . Hurry up . The suits are clumsy at first . But you 'll get used to them . Hole up in the second vehicle . We get there in a few minutes . Make sure you hold onto something . Every 18 hours ... the door opens up at the bottom . That 's when we go in . Yeah , that has happened . Alright , lets move . Time is wasting . You ready ? You ready ? It 's all good , sir . - you can proceed . - stand by Okay , bring it up . You okay ? Yeah . Dr. Banks . You can do this . C 'mon . I ... I think ... Grab her . Dr. Donnelly , you good ? yeah ! Holy fuck ! We 're gonna go down there , You can start your job . - ok . - ok . - Everybody , move up . - Alpha Team in position . We 're on the move . Setting up equipment ... What happens now ? They arrive . Dr. Banks ? Dr. Banks ? You can start . Wait ... Just a minute . I 'm fired ? You were better than the last guy . That does not make me feel any better . You both have till 0200 hours to figure something out . Ok , what happens then ? You go back again . Violence continues to spread across the US today in the wake of the 12 landings The President has declared a mandatory dusk to dawn curfew after the crack down by the National Guard failed to prevent a third night of looting across the country . In North Dakota , 144 members of the St. Lawrence Pentecostal cult are feared dead after they set their compound ablaze . Their website claims the arrival of the aliens set in motion a prophecy that 12 .. Uh .. we 're up in 15 ... You got any new intel ? Yeah . We 've been playing back some of their sounds ... where does that get you ? When they play audio back at us from an unseen source What are you up with ? Conversations from the room , random clips of dialogue . We have nothing . - Whats that for ? - A visual aid . Look , I 'm never going to be able to speak their words , if they aren 't talking . But they might have some sort of written language or basis for visual communication . Ok . Let 's start . Human . Human . I 'm human . what are you ? Human . - Oh my God . - Are you getting this ? Yes sir . I 'm transferring back to basecamp . Louise , it 's incredible ! Human . Human . Human . Okay ... Slow down Louise . I don 't want to take away from your success in there but Dr. Banks , is this really the right approach ? trying to teach them how to speak and read ? - That 's got to take longer . - You 're wrong ! It 's faster . Everything you do in here , I have to explain to a room full of men , whose first and last question Is how can this be used against us . So you 're gonna have to give me more than that Kangaroo . What is that ? In 1770 , Captain James Cook 's ship ran aground off the coast of Australia and he led a party into the country and met the aboriginal people . One of the sailors pointed at the animals that hop around and put their babies in their pouch , And he asked what they were . The Aborigines said " kangaroo " . And your point is ? It wasn 't until later that they learned that " kangaroo " means " I don 't understand " . So ... I need this so that we don 't misinterpret things in there , otherwise this is going to take 10 times as long . I can sell that for now . But I need you to submit your vocabulary of words before the next session . Remember what happened to the Aborigines . A more advanced race , nearly wiped them out . - It 's a good story . - Thanks . It 's not true , but it proves my point . HUMAN ? I think we were able to reproduce some prime number sequences back . - So that 's something . - Congratulations , you 're a parrot . It 's a lot more than that , you cheeky bastard . Don 't you see ? They can 't seem to follow our algebra . But complex behaviours - that clears . That does not make any sense at all , does it ? Problem is , not everyone shares our policy of being open with the aliens . Have you met Gen. Shang ? Call sign for him is Big Domino , whatever Shang does at least four other nations will follow him . - Louise , we need get ground today . - ok . - You have a vocabulary list for me ? - I do You 're gonna teach them your name and Ian 's ? Yes , so that we can learn their names , if they have names , and then introduce pronouns later . These are all grade school words . Eat , walk Help me understand . No no no ! Not the top ! Ok , this is where you want to get to , right ? - That is the question . - ok . So , first we need to make sure that they understand what a question is . The nature of a request for information along with the response . Then we need to clarify the difference between a specific " you " ... and a collective " you " . because we don 't want to know why a ' Joe ' alien is here , we want to know why they all landed . and purpose requires an understanding of intent . We need to find out do they make conscious choices , or is their motivation so instinctive that they don 't understand a wide question at all And biggest of all we need to have enough vocabulary with them , that we understand their answer . I get it Stick to your list . Just ... Don 't add anything to it . Let 's get started . Louise . Louise , I 'm Louise . What is that ? Is that a new symbol ? I can 't tell . I don 't know , I think its the symbol for " human " again . But with a curl at the end . Maybe they indicate a question . I don 't know . I do not know , Louise , I think they are confused . Dr. Banks , move to the next word . Dr. Banks ! - Its okay . - Whats going on ? What are you doing ? - Im fine . - Are you crazy ? They need to see me . She 's taking off protection . Dr. Banks ! Are you ok ? You are at risk of contamination . - They need to see me . - Dr. Banks . - Dr. Banks . - She 's going upto the screen . Should we abort ? Go back to your stations . Now that 's a proper introduction . Louise . I 'm Louise . Ian , you want to introduce yourself ? I ... Louise . Screw it Everybody dies , right ? Sir , Donnelly is taking off his hazmat suit . Permission to abort ? Continue the session . Ian . Louise . You ? Who are you ? I think those are their names . They have names . So what are we gonna call them ? I do not know . I was thinking of Abbott and Costello . Yeah . I like it . I like it . Team One , exit your vehicle and proceed directly ahead to decontamination tent . Leave the respirator on , until you reach the equipment room Team Two , exit your vehicle and continue to the decontamination tent . Leave your repirators on , and do not hesitate until you reach the equipment room - How do you feel ? - Overworked . Well I guess I don 't need to tell you , you put yourself at risk . There is no signs of radiation poisoning yet . will sell your blood test look - For now , I 'm gonna give you another boost . - ok . - No radiation ? - Nothing else we can detect either . But I 've given her a strong cocktail , regardless . It 's the first time we made significant progress . Alright . We 'll take the risk . - Honey ... honey . - What 's going on ? - Can you tell me something ? - No . - You don 't need to worry , ok ? - How can I not worry ? Calm down . Becky asked me if the monsters are going to kill daddy . Honey , its not gonna happen . - Just stay safe . - you don 't need to worry . I 'm so scared . Here are some of the many things we don 't know about heptapods . Greek : Hepta seven . Pod foot . Seven feet . Heptapod . Who are they ? Trying to answer this in any meaningful way is hampered by the fact that , outside being able to see them and hear them , heptapods leave absolutely no footprint . The chemical composition of their spaceship is unknown . The Shell emits no waste , no gas , no radiation . Assuming that the shells communicate with each other , they do so without detection . The air between the shells is untroubled by sonic emission or light wave . Are they scientists or tourists ? If they 're scientists , they don 't seem to ask a lot of questions . Why did they park where they did ? The world 's most decorated experts can 't crack that one The most plausible theory is that they chose places on earth with the lowest incidents of lightning strikes . But there are exceptions . The next most plausible theory is that Sheena Easton had a hit song in each of these sites in 1980 . So ... we just don 't know . How do they communicate ? Here , Louise is putting us all to shame . The first breakthrough was to discover that there is no correlation between what a heptapod says , and what a heptapod writes . IAN WALKS Unlike all written human languages , their writing is semasiographic . It conveys meaning , it does not represent sound . Perhaps they view our form of writing as a wasted oppurtunity , passing up a second communications channel . We have our friends in Pakistan to thank for their study of how heptapods write . Because unlike speech , a logogram is free of time . Like their ship or their bodies . their written language has no forward or backward direction . Linguists call this nonlinear orthography . Which raises the question : " Is this how they think ? " Imagine you wanted to write a sentence using 2 hands , starting from either side . You 'd have to know each word you wanted to use , as well as how much space they would occupy . A heptapod can write a complex sentence in two seconds effortlessly . It 's taken us a month to make the simplest reply Next , expanding vocabulary . Louise thinks it could easily take another month to be ready for that . Hey . - Hey - Weber 's looking for you . Why do you think I 'm hiding out here ? C 'mon up . - Nice out here , huh ? - Yeah , it 's a nice view . Away from the noise . You know , I was just thinking about you . You approach language like a mathematician . You know that right ? I will take that as a compliment . yeah well it is . I watch you steer us around these communication traps that I did not know existed . What ? I guess that 's why I 'm single . Trust me , you can understand communication and still end up single . I feel like everything that happens in there comes down to the 2 of us . It 's a good thing though , right ? You and I ? See those jokers that we are working with ? Thank God , I got you . ALIEN CRISIS | DAY 25 VENEZUELA UNITED KINGDOM SAVE OUR SPECIES ! Tonight , the first photograph of the aliens goes viral . Biological contamination is a major risk factor at the Montana site , so say environmental pressure groups . 800,000 march on Washington to protest the government 's handling of the crisis . All this and more , special coverage . First contact with whoever it is that is inside that thing , and who do we have in to show ? The government , that 's right folks The same government who ruined our healthcare and bankrupted our military . Look at these people . Most of them don 't even have guns . We could be facing a full scale invasion . and our President is just willing to sit back , and let them waltz in and take our country . We are falling asleep at the wheel , people ! You know what I 'm talking about ! I know you do One of the smartest thing we could do right now , would be to give them a show of force . I 'm talking about a shot across the bow . I want to hear what you think call the number you 're on the air what 's this word ? Planet that 's like , um , the Earth is a planet . Want to see my project for Miss . Garrett 's class ? yeah , little nose . We had to make up our own TV show . If we had one . - Who are those two people ? - That 's you and Dad . The show is called : " Mommy and Daddy talk to animals . " It 's lovely . Ok . - It 's okay to be sad that your dad and I ... - I know . I 'm not . We both love you very much . I know . It 's just a cartoon - not real . Louise ? Are you alright ? Yes I 'm fine . I not sure if it 's something ... I can explain . When was your last checkup with Dr. Kettler ? I am ok . I 'll get some air , I 'm ok . How are you feeling ? I need some sleep , but I am fine . Yeah ? I was doing some reading about this idea that if you immerse yourself into a foreign language , that - You can actually rewire your brain . - Sapir-Whorf , hypothesis . It is a theory that ... It is the theory that ... The language you speak determines how you think . Yes , it affects how you see everything I 'm curious . Are you dreaming in their language ? I may have had a few dreams , but I don 't think that makes me unfit to do this job . - Did you sleep ? - A little . do you know Mandarin ? The voice you 're about to hear belongs to Chinese military chief . General Shang . Pull it up . We got a satellite feed here , who he 's talking to if you want to look . wait , go back . Stop . He is saying that each of the 12 is offering advanced technology . back again ... play . Our science team is attempting to decode the sets ? Sets . I dont know what that means . Something about a vantage . Suits , honor and flowers . I don 't ... - I don 't know , that 's all . - I don 't know what it means either . An hour ago , China mobilized forces and now Russia is following suit . Shang is about to start something . Oh , suits ... suits ... suits , honor , flowers ... Colonel , those are all tile sets in Mahjong . God , are they ... ? Are they using a game to converse with their heptapods ? Maybe ... why ? well , let 's say that I taught them chess instead of English . Every conversation would be a game , every idea expressed through opposition . Victory ... defeat . You see the problem ? If all I ever gave you was a hammer Everything 's a nail . We need to ask the big question . Ready or not . Heptapod 's purpose . Purpose of heptapod . Earth . What is your purpose ? Do we only have Costello ? Ok . There you are . What does that say ? Offer weapon . You saw what they wrote . Using a word that they don 't fully understand . Enough ! Louise . We don 't know if they understand the difference between a weapon and a tool . Our language like a culture is messy , and sometimes one can be both . I think it 's quite possible that they are asking us to offer them something Not the other way round . Like the first part of trade . So how do we clarify their intentions beyond those two words ? I go back in .. right away we go back in ... we clear this out .. - It 's more complicated than that . - How is it more complicated than that ? Col. , the Secretary of Defense is on the line for you . We need to sit on this information till we know what it means . So we aren 't sharing it with our enemies . We have to consider the idea that our visitors are prodding us to fight among ourselves , until only one faction prevails . - There is no evidence for that . - Sure there is . Just grab a history book . The British with India , Germans with Rwanda . They even got a name for it in Hungary . We are a world with no single leader . It 's impossible to deal with just one of us . and with the word weapon now ... Halpern. yes . What did they say ? China and Russia are off the grid . They aren 't speaking to anyone . Whatever they learnt in the last session has them spooked . Yes sir . We have orders to do the same . - Wait these are our allies ! - Put us on radio silence ! - Do it . - We received a message from the hepta ... Damn it ! We need to be talking to each other ! You wanna talk to them ? find out what this means . Basecamp talk is now offline . All interpreters .. stand down We 've never re-entered a session before . Louise , trust me ok ? We got time . Just gotta step on it , alright ? " USE WEAPON " This is the alien message said to have provoked the Chinese government to withdraw their scientists from the international mission today . In a statement , General Shang said : " China no longer trusts the aliens who wants to divide us . Humanity must be protected . " China has asked for immediate talks at the UN . Alpha 1-9er , this is Condor . Over . Alpha 1-9er , this is Condor . Come in . Over . Captain Marks , Condor , not receiving transmission . Let me know if you hear mine . Capt. Marks , all escorts are ordered to cease all activites ... No , no , no ... Dr. Banks you can 't go in there . - Just need to ask one question . - Dr. Banks ! The session is finished . You can 't go back in , it 's dangerous ... We just need 5 minutes . Don 't sweat it . Marks , let him go . Hey , Abbott . So , what are we calling this ? Session 37 ? - No 36 Part 2 - Ok . What do you know ? we 've been attempting to hail Capt. Marks . - The escort units are not responding , sir - Why not ? Send security . Offer a weapon ... question mark . Are you offering us something ? Technology , apparatus , method See this ? This is a different word . This ... this segment is a lot busier . Give ... technology Now . What 's he doing ? Captain , on your 10 . security detail inbound , sir . t-4 minutes remaining . you need to see this through . Ok , this is it. lock and load . .. until it 's done . copy that . .. shots for suppresive fire only . get cover. stay frosty and we minimize casualties . Abbott wants me to write on the barrier . Can you even do that ? I don 't know . I can 't do it with both hands . Louise . What is that ? Hey ... Hey ... Hey ... Take it easy . You suffered a concussion . Just lay back . what do you see ? - How is Ian ? - Well , same as you . He is ok . - Who ... - Who did this ? - Some soldiers who 've been watching too much TV . - What is that ? - take it easy ... take it easy This site is no longer secure . We 're standing by to evacuate . Where is Ian ? Weber came and got him maybe 10 minutes ago . He wouldn 't leave till he knew you were okay . The whole tent is on the clock to figure out whatever it is you were given up there . This is all of it The feed wasn 't interrupted by the explosion . As far as the eye can see . - You see something ? - I don 't know yet . I need my team get together with Louise 's team . - I need everyone working on this . - We can not leave . - Glad to see you awake . - We need to go back in there and explain to them that this wasn 't our fault . - We can 't go back inside . - We have to ! What happened in there was an attack . We can hope for the best , but our orders are to prepare for retaliation . we may have to evacuate Thats a wrong move . As long as they stay , we have to stay . Well , they are not leaving . Why does it feel worse ? China is on the offensive . They are positioning their military to blow the alien vessel right out of the sky . If this happens , we can 't sit and wait for their retaliation . So get prepared . The Air Force and Infantry are standing by . BREAKING NEWS Tonight , China becomes the first world power To declare war against the aliens . Following the failure of the diplomatic efforts of the United Nations , China confirmed that its language experts tonight ... delivered an ultimatum at the Shanghai site . In a televised statement , Gen. Shang , chairman of the People 's Liberation Army , Said the aliens have 24 hours to leave Chinese territory , or face destruction . And he urged all other world leaders to unite with China and take a similar stance . With a huge build up of forces at their landing sites , Pakistan , Russia and Sudan Are thought to be following China 's lead . It can 't be random . It 's going to take us years . What 's this term here ? Mum . - Mum ? - Hm ? - sweetie ? - What 's this term for that thing ... like a technical term where we make a deal and we both get something out of it ? - A compromise ? - No like it 's a competition , but both sides end up happy . like a win-win ? more sciency than that . If you want science , call your father . Thank you . Sorry . It 's okay . I 'm up . What time is it ? It 's time to open that bottle you 've been hiding . You cracked something , didn 't you ? Yeah . Come here . Take a look at this section . It seems to be talking about time . You see the symbol of " time " - everywhere . So what is this ? A formula for faster than light travel ? Who can tell ? There 're too many gaps . Nothing 's complete . Then it dawned on me . right here . Stop focussing on the " 1 " s . Look at the " 0 " s . How much of this is data , how much of it is negative space ? So I measured it . 0.0833 recurring . Perhaps you 'd like that as a fraction . 1 of 12 . What they 're saying right here , is that , this is one of twelve . - We are part of a larger hole . - or we 're 1 of 12 contestants for the prize . - Why do we have to talk to him ? - We 're all working together here . We need to talk to the other sites , we need to help them with what they got from the other heptapods . In case you don 't remember , we 're blacked out . China just threatened to destroy their Shell . We are on our own . But it says that all the pieces fit together . And I 'm telling you that no one else cares . Two hours ago we pulled this audio off a secured channel in Russia . Someone on their science team was broadcasting wide . In their final session , the alien said : " There 's no time . Many become one ... " I feel we have all been given weapons . If anyone is receiving this ... please Well , I mean There are a lot of ways you can interpret what he said . I don 't need an interpreter to know what this means . Russia just executed one of their own experts to keep their secret . " Many become one " could just be their way of saying some assembly required . Why hand it out to us in pieces ? Why not just give it all over ? What better way to force us to work together for once ? Even if I did believe you , how in the world are you going to get anyone else to play along , and give up their data ? - We offer ours in return . - yeah ? - What , trade ? - It 's a non-zero sum game . Non-zero sum game . That 's it . Thanks . 9 of the landing sites have gone total comms blackout . Only way to reach them is to physically drive there and yell at the border guards which we are doing . But it won 't be fast enough . There 's got to be a way to get the message . To our allies , maybe . But at this stage , it 's little too late . What we need is to get all the other nations online before one starts global war and there 's no way for us to reach them Wait . Hold on a second . There is . It 's right above us . That 's problematic for us right now . The Pentagon 's convinced our Shell will retaliate . My guess is they order us to evacuate within the hour . Look they 're not our enemy . They 've made no act of aggression towards us . Maybe this is their way of being aggressive . - It 's not the question . - Then what is the question ? How do we get you back in that room when it 's half a mile straight up ? I think our work here is done . It 's in the hands of our superiors now . What the hell is she doing ? Costello ? Where is Abbott ? " ABBOTT IS DEATH PROCESS " I 'm sorry . We 're sorry . I need you to ... I need you to ... to send a message ... to the other sites . LOUISE HAS WEAPON " USE WEAPON " I don 't ... I don 't understand . What is your purpose here ? " WE HELP HUMANITY " " IN THREE THOUSAND YEARS " " WE NEED HUMANITY HELP " How can you know the future ? I don 't ... I don 't understand . Who is this child ? The show is called " Mommy and Daddy talk to animals . " " LOUISE SEES FUTURE " " WEAPON OPENS TIME " Wait ... No ! Wait ! - Dr. Banks ! - Louise ! Are you alright ? - You alright ? - Yeah . Come here. what happened ? I tried to figure out . But this is too big . It doesn 't matter now . We have orders to evacuate . Why ? Russia and Sudan are following China . I don 't understand Help me , Mama . Louise ... Mom ! Momma ! Sorry , honey . What day is it , do you know baby ? Sunday . Are you gonna leave me like Daddy did ? Oh , Hannah , honey , your daddy didn 't leave you . You 're gonna see him ... this weekend . He doesn 't look like he wanna see me anymore . It 's my fault . I told him something that he wasn 't ready to hear . What ? Well , Believe it or not I know something that 's going to happen . I can 't explain how I know , I just do . And when I told your daddy , he got really mad . He said I made the wrong choice . What ? What 's going to happen ? It has to do with a really rare disease . And it 's unstoppable . Kind of like you are . Your swimming and your poetry and all the other amazing things that you share with the world . - I 'm unstoppable ? - Yeah . I got you ... I got you . Louise . I just realized why my husband left me . My husband left me . You have been married ? Let 's get out of here . - Mamma . - Yeah ? Why is my name Hannah ? Your name is very special . Because it is a palindrome . It reads the same forward and backward . - Turn it off . - That goes in the back . " UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE " " TO HANNAH " Hey ! We 're done here . Let 's take this with us . " UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE BY LOUISE BANKS " TRANSLATING HEPTAPOD I can read it . - I know what it is . - What ? It 's not a weapon . It 's a gift . The weapon is their language . They gave it all to us . Do you understand what that means ? So we can learn Heptapod , if we survive If you learn it , when you really learn it you 'll be able to perceive time the way that they do . so you can see what 's to come But time , it isn 't the same for them . - It is non-linear . - Look ... We did our best but it wasn 't enough . The captain .. we will lift off in 5 minutes . Ian , Louise ... It was an honor to work with you . Good luck . Colonel ... I 'm gonna find out where we are going . Wake up , Mummy . Dr. Banks a pleasure . General Shang , the pleasure is mine , really Your president said it was an honor to host me at the celebration . - yes - but I confess the only reason why I am here is to meet you in person . me ? well , I 'm flattered . Thank you . 18 months ago , you did something remarkable . Something not even my superior has done . - What 's that ? - You changed my mind . You are the reason for this unification . All because you reached out to me on my private number . Your private number ? General I don 't know your private number Now you know . I do not claim to know how your mind works , but I believe it was important for you to see that . I called you , didn 't I ? Yes , you did . Louise Alright , let 's shut down the system . Sir ... there 's a satline here dialling China . Here ? What do you mean here ? Come on , c 'mon Whose phone is it ? It 's your phone , sir . Search base camp now . Find out who is using that phone . - Hold on to those coordinates . - Yes sir . C 'mon ... What do I say ? What do I say ? okay . come on I will never forget what you said . You told me my wife 's dying words . We found the source of the phone call . It 's in the clean room . Waiting for instructions . Louise ... What are you doing ? - What are you doing ? - Changing Chang 's mind . Buy me 20 seconds . - We do not have time . - Trust me . - 20 seconds . Do you trust me ? - Now ? It 's all right . Dr. Banks Drop the phone now , or we shoot . - Drop it ! - I 'm sorry ! You 're committing an act of treason - Drop it ! - It 's done . I got it . The communications blackout from all 12 landing sites continues this evening , the 2 questions on everyone 's mind Hold on ... We are just hearing . We are going to cut this report to tell you breaking news China has called an emergency press conference General Shang , commander in chief of the People 's Liberation Army has announced in an emergency press conference that China is standing down . China is stating that all the intelligence they have received will be shared immediately with all the other landing sites Scientists around the world is sifting through information received from UK , Japan The Russian army forces are now revealing information they 've acquired from both of their landing sites we 're also confirming this to be one of the 12 pieces of the puzzle that is slowly being put together So , Hannah ... This is where your story begins . The day they departed . Are you alright ? Despite knowing the journey and where it leads I embrace it . And I welcome every moment of it . H-A-N-N-A-H . Now backwards . H-A-N-N-A-H . Hannah . You ready , baby ? - Hey . - Hey . - It 's okay ? - Yes you can go . Daddy ! Are you ok ? I 'll just roll over you . Are you ready ? Guess what , star stuff - Ian . - Yeah . If you could see your whole life from start to finish Would you change things ? Maybe I 'd say what I feel more often . I don 't know . I 've had my head tilted up to the stars for as long as I can remember . But you know what surprised me the most ? It was not meeting them . It was meeting you . I 'd forgotten how good it felt to be held by you . Do you want to make a baby ? Yes ... yeah !
