 " A near future not quite so informatized that nations and races have disappeared , " " though corporate Nets have covered the planet and electrons and light stream everywhere ... " We 've successfully packaged the virus with cyberbrains . Fire-Starter can create all the soldiers we want . The world 's cyber economy has only just begun . I 'll pay whatever it takes to reconcile with the cartel ... True magic is the science of sciences . Could you move your car , sir ? I 'm with Public Security . How 'd it go ? Bingo . The bottom of the braincase has been warped by high pressure from directly below . It 's charred . I can 't analyze it like this . We 'll have to infiltrate the lab . Flight 381 crashed because this guy blew himself up with an Ariel . Guess this was his target ? " Group of Foreign Cyberbrain Engineers on Flight " 381 Assumed Dead " Guess this was his target ? " Group of Foreign Cyberbrain Engineers on Flight 381 Assumed Dead . " " Group of Foreign Cyberbrain Engineers on Flight 381 . " Assumed Dead " Beats me . The issue is , why 'd he do it ? Beats me . The issue is , why 'd he do it ? Who is he ? Tei Murasaka , male , age 32 . A stockbroker with dual Japanese and American citizenship ? No criminal record . His address is ... Damn , someone beat us ? I love my job ! You 've got to be kidding me . What ? ! Stop right there ! Shit ! Hello ! Behave yourself . This guy ... You mind telling me why an American agent beat us to the suspect 's condo ? Because you moved too fast . You 'd already charged in by the time the report made it through Foreign Affairs to me . Blame the bureaucracy for that . Your team failed to call me directly . Why didn 't you tell me you 'd connected the attack on Flight 381 with Fire-Starter ? The intel came through my personal Net . I can 't reveal my source . I see . Then let 's make a deal . The man you were after , Tei Murasaka , isn 't a stockbroker ... he 's an American intelligence agent . Who told you that ? His colleague . Murasaka is indeed an agent of ours . Nice to meet you , Major Kusanagi . I 'm Jeril , with American Army intelligence . This is our recommended prosthetic body for diplomatic activities . Is there a problem ? No . Well ? Have you been pursuing Fire-Starter 's broker , too ? Yes . We refer to him as " Pyromaniac " , because his virus sales unleash Fire-Starter damage wherever he goes . I 'd love to have your help capturing him . If you 're looking to catch a firebug , aren 't you asking the wrong department ? You 're the only firefighter with a record of success against Fire-Starter . I believe that makes you the right observer of our capture op . Describe this op . Pyromaniac is in Japan right now to carry out a hit on Colonel Hozumi for the cartel . Our antivirus specialist Murasaka was on his trail , but we abruptly lost contact . And by the time you found him , he 'd already been infected and made the terrorist attack on Flight 381 . Foreign Affairs passed along a request for a joint operation . You join in . My team , under American Army command ? The deal 's already been done . Fine . In exchange , I get to personally interrogate Hozumi and analyze the virus . So you 're telling us to join the fire brigade ? You 're not the relief pitcher type . We just have to use the authority they gave us to beat them to him . We 'll transfer Hozumi from the Army Medical Center to the courthouse . The theory is that Pyromaniac will target her en route . The Army 's setting up an encirclement . We 'll predict the enemy 's movements and put out the sparks before they grow . We 're fire doors now ? ! And under Yankee supervision , too . But once a game starts , it belongs to the players . We 'll be the ones to get Fire-Starter . You plan to snatch their whole case ? ! Problem ? Nah , I was getting sick of this dump anyway . Borma , you keep following up on the Flight 381 bombing . Paz , go through Murasaka 's background with a fine-tooth comb . Ishikawa , look for data on Pyromaniac , and find out how he got Fire-Starter . Batou , Togusa , and Saito , eliminate every possible way to hit Hozumi . What 'll you do ? I 'll get the bait we need to trap him . How does it feel to be nothing but a head , Colonel Hozumi ? The false signals aren 't too bad . I wouldn 't call the experience pleasant , though . What brings you here ? Your past ties to the cartel make you useful . That 's it ? Just kill me . Pyromaniac wants to get rid of the information in your brain . You 'll be our bait to lure him out . I 'm a witness ! And as long as you stay within my sight and my reach , I 'll protect you . The negotiations are complete . - Understood . - All as planned . Only by struggle and toil can we fulfill our duty , and only information can bring true joy . I made the barriers around the facility nice and thick . We 're sure to pick up on any infiltration by an outside Net . Togusa here . I 'm done checking out the transport route . No problems yet . I 'm almost done marking the main sniper perches . Now it all depends on how good their snipers are . Mr. Saito ! Where should we go next ? Wherever the wind blows , kid . Oh , wow ! Okay , I 'll turn to windward ! Listen , what if he gets inside disguised as a Public Security guy or a prosthetics tech ? Hospital or not , this is an Army facility . You worry too much , rookie . Would we bother setting up a cordon like this if the perp were that dumb ? Don 't make me laugh . The Prime Minister approved your request to use Hozumi as bait . But do not let her die . She 's got a lot of state secrets in her un-cyberized regions . I 'm aware . We 've prepped the hospital area . I 've done all an " observer " can . Major , I found out who Murasaka was tailing . An upstanding citizen volunteered the info . He was apparently after a cyber-drug dealer by the name of Galvez Garcia . Is he Pyromaniac ? Dunno . But Murasaka dropped off the map right after attempting contact with him . That 's all I got here . I 'll keep digging . Good . This guy , eh ? Mr. Saito ! I made sure all the snipers are in position ! " Cyberbrain Neurology " I 'm seeing delays in your storage cells . I 'll order some medicinal micromachines to slow down the cyberbrain sclerosis . We 'll begin the transfer in twenty minutes . Your security arrangements are watertight . We could perfect them even more if we were in command . I can 't allow that . Now it 's a matter of whether our prey walks into our trap . American spies and super-class-A hackers ... what reliable escorts . We 're not doing this for you . This is for us . I 'm cutting you off from all Nets for a while . I 'll get a good night 's sleep . What is this ? Cyberbrain contamination ! What ? It 's him . He 's infiltrated ... Batou ! He hasn 't tripped any warnings here ! Who is this guy ? Hey . What 's wrong ? Are you okay ? Hey ! Shit ! This again ? ! A hacking ? ! The Army 's encrypted channel is being hacked ! Cut the connection , or everyone 's brains will be fried ! I can 't ! It 's locked ... Is Hozumi all right ? You can 't pierce a titanium braincase with a 9 mm . What do you intend to do ? Connect you to the Net , using myself as a bypass . Major ! I told you : She 's my bait . We 'll lure Pyromaniac in and capture him . Failure is unacceptable . Make it work . Ishikawa ! Access my cyberbrain now . We have a job to do . A rough one , too , if you 're talking like that . Use Hozumi as a decoy ? ! Ape-Face is gonna throttle you . I got permission . Pyromaniac should come to fry Hozumi 's brain the second we connect her to the Net . When he tries to access her , keep her guarded and tie down his lines . While he 's distracted , I 'll run a trace and pinpoint his location . You make it sound so easy . Major ! You called and we came ! Yay ! We 're starting now . Okay ! Wow , amazing processing speed ! Attack barrier being hacked . Gotta restore it ! You are the greatest sinner here . You are the true servant of the Devil . Quotes from Bryusov 's The Fiery Angel ? I tied down his lines . Let all be cast into the flames . You 're not getting away ! Major ? ! Did he whiteout ? Does that mean he 's dead ? Concentrate on your work ! Time to initialize ! He 's throwing too many punches ! What 's going on here ? ! He must be using the soldiers cyberbrains to clone the virus . What the heck ? Logicomas , one of you synchronize with my Net . We 'll clone his virus and counterattack . Huh ? ! But that will halve our processing power ... Just do it ! Right ! Oh , dear . Pardon me ! Major , his transfer speed ... Yes . Pyromaniac is hacking us from somewhere in this building . I don 't want to burden my lines . Chief , call Batou and Togusa over here . Have them search the building until I pinpoint his location . All right . Where are you , Pyromaniac ? Major ! The barrier can 't take any more ! We 're almost there . Hold out . I found him ! Major ? ! Police ! Don 't move ! Yes , the deal 's come off as planned . This is the key to the Third World . Drive . They say he was driven by layer upon overwritten layer of false memories . We didn 't find any evidence tying him to the virus 's creator , nor did we find Fire-Starter 's original code . He erased the source along with himself ... or rather , someone else did ? Unconfirmed . We 'll have to wait for the specialists ' analysis . When I accessed that man directly , I didn 't sense a Ghost . Fire-Starter will spark the evolution of all men 's Ghosts . Therefore , it must be protected . It must use cyberbrains to version up , then be returned to the Net . I will go on living even after my death . The original Fire-Starter ... I will track it down . I will go on living even after my death . Explain this to me . The " Pyromaniac " in custody isn 't Galvez ? They 've run ID checks on the corpses at the crash site , and they found one they think is Galvez . A 97 % - probability match ... Who the hell did we capture , then ? I don 't know . Respected cyberbrain engineers are looking into that , as well as how he got Fire-Starter . Lots of unfamiliar names on that list . Most of the well-known engineers are dead , since they were on Murasaka 's flight . I hear almost all of those were corporate advisors . And connected to American intelligence , too . Why do you know that ? ! It 's not something worth hiding , is it ? I assume the Americans planned to use them to analyze Pyromaniac after the op ... here in Japan . It was going to be a joint investigation , but yes . They were probably just political opportunists on corporate retainers . I doubt they could manage a decent analysis anyway . You 're saying there 's another way ? It 'd be faster for me to look into it . Or you could let me analyze Hozumi ... I can 't let you do either . You don 't have authority . So give me authority . And a budget . I 'm ironing things out with the Prime Minister . Look through this . What is this ? A job for your team . Hozumi 's being secretly handed over to the Americans at 0100 hours . You transport her . We 're giving top secret intel to the Americans ? The state secrets in her cyberbrain will be returned to us , and Hozumi will ostensibly be in exile . Excuse me , ma 'am , do you have an appointment ? Yes . Here 's my interview request form . I didn 't think we 'd meet like this again . Our fates must be tied . Pyromaniac just set back the schedule . Trust me , I didn 't want to come here twice . Everyone who uses the Fire-Starter virus believes it will change the world . You only believe in the reality before you , so you wouldn 't understand . Thanks for your opinion , but we 're done chatting . This is goodbye , ex-Colonel Hozumi . The Net will give me life after death . It 's getting foggy ! Will our optical camouflage do any good ? If this snow keeps piling up , fog won 't be the issue . Oh ! Men ! Time for our field trip . She 's in a bad mood . Because it 's a rookie job . We already took care of most of the guys after Hozumi . Her cyberbrain 's gonna be scrapped . Why not transport it like industrial waste ? She 's being kept alive because she 's still useful . While she 's alive , we have to treat her that way . Awfully noble words for someone so pissed off . Was the old ape snide at you ? No . Let 's load her in the truck and get moving . Major ! The job 's going as planned , Chief . Pyromaniac just broke free . He escaped ? ! All security in the facility has been silenced . Hold on , I 'm looping in my men . Go . He gave all the engineers and two of the American agents cyberbrain death . Those are all the security codes , I swear ! Let all be cast into the flames . No , don 't ... He stole the security codes of all the engineers we convened , and now he 's on the loose . So he was after those codes the whole time , and he let us catch him ? What 's the next play ? We 're working with the Americans now to track him down . You transport Hozumi as planned . Pyromaniac is only acting on false memories Fire-Starter overwrote him with . If he shows up , let the Americans make the arrest . Avoid contact if at all possible . And if impossible ? I authorize deadly force . Now that we know we can 't get useful information from him , don 't take unnecessary risks . Your answer ? Yes , sir . You keep your promises . Are you a fellow disciple of the flame ? No , you 're just an extension of my plans . I 'm only using you . Fire-Starter will spark the evolution of all men 's Ghosts . Therefore , it must be protected . It must use cyberbrains to version up ... then be returned to the Net ? Yes . I 'll grant you your wish . Then I shall fight for what I believe in . To burn everything to ash ... Are we gonna hand over Hozumi and call it a day , like the old ape said ? Unless there are complications . If he lost his selfhood before he was captured , how did he escape ? You 're saying he had inside help ? It 's likely . If Pyromaniac erased the security cameras , we might as well give up hope . Anyway , our options are limited . Without footage , finding him will take good , old-fashioned legwork . Ugh , crime scene investigation ? I 'll let the new guy do the boring stuff . You 're a prince . What just happened ? ! Missiles ! It 's a UCAV . An American combat drone ? ! I 've been expecting you , Pyromaniac . Someone leaked our location . He must 've gotten to the agents . Come in , Chief . It 's Kusanagi . Looks like we 're cut off from HQ . We can 't win without attacking Pyromaniac . What now , Major ? Major , I can 't get the right angle ! You three focus on shielding us ! Roger ! Huh ? It 's going home . No . He cut off our retreat and led us here . Don 't let your guard down . Great , an American Army base ? Can 't say I 'm thrilled . What ? ! Major ! Shit . We 're here ! That was close , huh ? Those guys were American Special Forces . With the virus controlling 'em they 're no smarter than Als , but the optical camouflage is a problem . Yep , we 're surrounded . He 's obsessed . Who takes things this far ? They don 't call you " maniac " for being sane . This guy 'll blow up a plane just to get rid of engineers who might make a Fire-Starter vaccine . We 've got the Major , who did make one , and Hozumi , who knows the source . He 'd do whatever it took to kill them . This is a bad joke . Ishikawa . Find a terminal and get back our line to the Chief . Take Paz and Togusa . Borma , try to keep the soldiers at a distance . Saito , ditto the chopper . Batou , take two Logicomas and back them up . I 'm the decoy now ? ! What 're you gonna do ? Take Hozumi 's head and run ? I 'll use the last Logicoma as a booster and seize Pyromaniac 's Net . Can you do that with just one ? I 'll use my personal Net . Personal ? I run hacking tests whenever I build a security system . I have a network made up of the debuggers I use . Section 9 's security codes have probably been overwritten . I might have some trouble reconnecting . Work as fast as you can . We 'll need the Chief 's backroom dealing if this turns into open battle . Let 's go ! Okay ! What if they storm you during your dive ? ! We can 't protect you from out there ! You can have command if they do ! Don 't die . Logicomas ! Okay ! Wow , is this your personal Net , Major ? Yes . The Nets run by corporate admins don 't even compare . This is a battlefield where distrustful barbarians gather . Anyone want to join a game of mine ? Want to join ? ! They took the bait . Are you getting the hackers to eradicate the virus ? Of course not . They 're only breaking through the soldiers ' barriers to disable them . Huh ? ! But the Army uses attack barriers ! So ? Focus on your own work . Someone is trying to crack you from outside . He 's here . You maintain these connections . Roger ! Phony cyberbrain space ? Looks like a Kuzan battlefield ... I still don 't sense a Ghost . So the virus itself is running him ? Is this what you saw ... or rather , Galvez 's memory ? Who are you ? I am Galvez , and Emma , and Murasaka . All Ghosts are me . An aggregate of the false memories , then . That 's not what we call a " Ghost " . You 're nothing but a vessel created by the virus . Looks like the Major 's doing well . Okay . Did he get it ? Shit ! I have received a revelation from Fire-Starter . That is my everything . I must burn all threats to Fire-Starter . So your goal is to eliminate all possibility of erasing the virus . Ultimately , you 're another one of its puppets . If your personality is nothing but false memories it molded , further conversation is meaningless . Major , should we take control ? Our chances of bulldozing him aren 't good . Leave him to me . Fire-Starter will spark the evolution of all men 's Ghosts . Your cyberbrain will become fuel to version up the flames . I 'm out of ammo ! Shit ! We 're back online ! What is it ? This is Ishikawa , Chief . That Pyromaniac guy ... This is bad ... Uh-oh ! Major ! Major , time to withdraw ! She 's still in her dive ! Dammit ! I 'm draggin ' you with me ! You are the greatest sinner here . Link with me , and go on living even after your death . Sorry , but I 'm not that pessimistic about the real world . And I 'm not at an age where I worry about the afterlife . It 's over , Pyromaniac . Disappear . Good work . What the ... ? Major ! Batou , is this your doing ? You took care of things ? Yes . What happened to Pyromaniac ? He 's extinct . Pyromaniac 's cyberbrain held nothing but memories related to the hit on Hozumi and a few deeply implanted lines from The Fiery Angel . This whole mess will be tied up in secret , after some fairly involved negotiations . I told you , you should 've let me handle it . Lay off . Just be grateful you 're not getting punished for trashing an American base . I 'll have their agents stay out of the Pyromaniac affair for now , too . They knew about the Flight 381 bombing in advance , didn 't they ? Fire-Starter switched hosts because the Americans crowded Galvez . They knew it was going to take Murasaka and the engineers down , but they waited until Pyromaniac had security codes from around the globe . Where did you hear that ? Did you think I 'd come back from a dive empty-handed ? I found an agent 's memories in Pyromaniac 's auxiliary cyberbrain . I 'll do you a favor and pretend I didn 't hear that . Keep it to yourself . Put on a uniform . We 'll meet at the Prime Minister 's residence at 0900 hours . He wants to personally thank your squad for nabbing the terrorist behind Flight 381 . We 've finished refining the virus . Not much longer now ... You must be Kusanagi . I hear you 've done us a great service . Thank you , sir .
