 Application to return to Earth Attn ; Sand-Sand Burger Inc . Space Route 246666 , aka ' The Galaxy Turnpike " runs from the region of the solar system between the 5th and 6th planets where the space colony ' Uzu-Shio " lies to form the original trunk road linking that to the 3rd planet , Earth There are shuttle stops along the way along with several restaurants to serve the travelers but they are rarely ever busy After 150 years of operation , the route 's advanced dilapidation suggests to me that Highway 246666 , aka " Galaxy Turnpike " barely merits continued existence I recommend its immediate closure Sorry I 'm late Could you manage ? Can 't hear over the fryer Forget it There 's nothing to worry about You know today 's a special day ? Once every 200 years , the Orga cluster and the Veronica meteors align precisely with your planets , Venus Jupiter It 's a very special day indeed We nicknamed it " S.E.S. " short for " Super Erotica Straight " On this day , all creatures great and small feel Eros burning in their hearts We can 't know the reason but I assume some magnificent force is at work Even I can feel it You can , too ? I 'm horny as hell Is that right ? Shall we order something ? The Cosmo Set Lunch will be 633 Cosmic Yen Exact change , thank you very much Next customer in line Welcome A tuna burger by itself . How about a drink to go with it ? Certainly Let me confirm your order One moment , please Get him to leave Why ' ? I don 't like them Don 't be mean , he 's a customer Wherever they sit they leave the seats soaking wet It just needs wiping Kurorons are kind and intelligent . They 're great singers , too I know . They 're really good That 's irrelevant . I don 't want them on our seats - If he stands ... - Stop it A tarpaulin at least Please don 't be upset So , whats the matter now ? Can you hear me ? I wrote that letter It was time I took action That 's a decisive move Should 've done it before . If they accept , it 's back to Earth for me What happens to the restaurant ? Corporate will decide . It 's not my problem Did you tell the wife ? What 's the matter ? Don 't tell me ... That thing I mentioned the other day My suspicions were right Meaning ... I 'm convinced now ... Noe 's seeing some guy What twigged you ? She has a new necklace , right here Oh ' deary me ... Was out " shopping " today for ages . Meeting him , for sure It does sound fishy ... I admit , it 's partly my fault You mus m ' I blame yourself But I need time to myself , too I understand That 's who you are Enjoy your meal Welcome Let 's sit there Lei-chan ... Ms. Hana ... Sorry , could you handle this please ? Thank you So , what do we get ? You promised not to spend much Let 's share a small fries At least a coffee too . I 'll go Such coincidences actually happen , huh ? ( Test fa vie ... that 's life In the vastness of space , she has to turn up here of all places ... The universe is full of mystery I wonder if she 's married ' ? Her partner is an Assinus judging by his pointy ears I wonder how my husband will take it ? - What 's up ' ? - There 's a dispute going on Once again , please For chrissakes ... I want a double-cheese SunSun Burger and a cheese SunSun Burger Should I add the single cheese order to the double-cheese set lunch or the double-cheese order to the single cheese set lunch ? Or are they the same price ? So you want double-cheese and single-cheese set lunches ? For the hundredth time , no ! That 'd mean two drinks , right ? I don 't want that , don 't you see ? - Mr. Manager - What 's wrong ? A problem customer Sorry about this Step aside I 'll handle this Not that I mind I 've got nothing against her I 'm sure the same is true for her That was just people spreading rumors We participants didn 't care so much Let people say what they will So , do you think I should say hi ? That 's for you to decide But supposing I make myself known ... then she 'll obviously want to see my husband What 's the worry ? Don 't get me wrong , I 'm fine I 'm not worried . They won 't restart anything I know him so well . He 's not that type Are you sure ? Maybe I 'll just mention it in passing It 's just that ... it 's not vital that they see each other You already have your answer within Am I a bad person ? Listen carefully Adding the single-cheese to the double set is the cheaper way to go You just had to tell him that - But ... - No " but " about it Why does adding a single-cheese to it mean that the price works out differently ? Don 't worry about logic Adding the double-cheese to one order is the same as adding a single-cheese ... Shut up ! Sorry , it 's a power outage . A moment please , before it 's restored What 's up now ? Sorry for the trouble , everyone Noa ? Lei-chan ? What 're you doing here ' ? I 'd ask you the same I run this place Is that right ? What a surprise Come here My husband , Baba Sahib . He 's an Assinus , as you see It 's the boy I mentioned . From the theater group I 'm Baba Sahib Nice to meet you My wife has told me much about you Is that right ? Let 's take a seat We get Assinii here sometimes Really ? But that was the first time I got that greeting What ' ? What you just did That wasn 't a greeting We Assinii don 't do things like that Do we ? How long have you been here ? It 's been 3 years I 'm so glad your dreams came true He always loved hamburgers I 'll try the fries Help yourself You should 've ordered much more We already ate Don 't play with your food Been back to Earth ? Not since we opened this place We 're on our way there now Is that right ? Waiting for the shuttle Hey , look who 's here Come ... It 's been ages ! Long time , no see Noe , the wife thing really suits you My husband ... Noa 's wife Nice to meet you How lovely to bump into you both like this Do you think it 's fate ? What do you recommend ? I 'd say the Cosmo Burger . You can 't get it on Earth Not today I wish you would . Get two for them Noa , it 's too much Don 't worry . They don 't cost much We 'd be delighted Make it quick Sure I understand your concerns I too felt the same way at first But life demands you make the leap Like the proverbial omelette and the breaking of eggs I do understand Let me ask you ... What are you most worried about ? A disease , I guess Listen , sir The world is full of potential pathogens Step foot outside and you 're surrounded by the cold virus Yet you still venture out You go to work , you take a walk ... Living in fear means you achieve nothing This is the same thing If my wife found out ... No way she can , unless you tell her Even so ... I 'll have to bear the guilt my entire life You know that old adage about a man 's pleasure ? It ranks male enjoyment according to the choice of sexual partner ... Best is to sleep with another man 's wife Second is to claim a social inferior Third 's a lover , fourth is a pro Last of all is a wife One 's own wife ranks last Ever had sex outside the marriage ' ? No , oi course rm This is all about helping you At this rate you 'll die without knowing a true sense of pleasure Is that a fun way to live ? If you miss this opportunity you 'll regret it for the rest of your life You understand that ? Mr. Baba Sahib , what work do you do ? I was a Professor of Space Studies . Note the past tense ... Got fired after a problem with a student I meddled with a female pupil Silly man " A choice I deeply regret " I had no choice but to get Dad to hire him I 'm hoping to do office work Hence the trip to Earth ? It 'll be my first time I look forward to the challenges ahead Excuse me Hello there The usual ? Get a milk for Mr. Danny Thanks for the help I understand Welcome to the restaurant Let 's sit there Burgers ? Haven 't had one in ages Chief , what 'll you have ' ? We 've no time . Just a coffee I 'll get it My treat , since I asked to see you I accept , thank you Excuse me Two coffees Two hot coffees ls your father well ? He 's certainly aged Does he still fish ? Remember that time we went together ? Guys ... Yes ? Shall I leave you alone ? Of course not It 's fine It 'll be easier to talk without me You 're being oversensitive I 'll thin my presence Don 't worry I feel bad Just let him be We did go fishing , right Chilled to the bone to catch just a couple of fish It 's very distracting Hello Mr. Mendes ? I couldn 't help it I 'm in a difficult position I know you are You promised not to come Just 5 minutes Listen ... My dear ... My dear ... Ms. Hana ? - Were you smoking ? - I was not - You were - I was not Excuse me , my dear Can you handle this ? Two Cosmo Burger sen Get rid of the butts . We 'll be in big trouble if my husband sees them Over here it 's presently 1pm , Uzu-Shio time I 'm half-way along the route-at the Cosmo Branch of Sand-Sand Burger 01181017791298T9 SPETSQ In a corner , one Kuroron sits alone What 's on your mind ' ? Over by the register 2 men in security guard uniforms are loafing about Nearer me , a Gennus and a human are locked in serious discussion Lastly there are two humans and an Assinus One of the humans runs the restaurant Has he nothing better to do ? Even though the Earth shuttle leaves in an hour this static tableau amply illustrates that the Galaxy Turnpike has outlived that the Galaxy Turnpike has outlived its usefulness The huge annual maintenance fee alone is ... I don 't like this Let me know the truth Is this the end for us ' ? - An awful ending - Stop right there You make it sound like we 're involved We didn 't even start anything I always said you were hoping in vain Right from the start My dear , let 's be honest - I always am - You put on a brave face - I do not - Your words fail to move me It 's not my problem My dear ... are we really through ? Didn 't even start , for chrissakes ! My dear , I bring a new proposal for the design This one 's sure to meet your approval I 'll be fine without I said I don 't need it What about the restaurant renovation ? I 've decided to hire someone else In that case ... I lose you and the job ? Both in one cruel blow ? It 's not my fault How on earth can I bear that ? You 're in the wrong here How could you ? My dear ... What 's the new proposal ? M We momma ... your current floor is Terrazzo which is showing its age So for example ... how about using Umbria floor tiles ? Umbria ' ? Umbria tiles ... for the natural ambience of their earth tones ... Another option ... is to re-do the entire surface with a herringbone wood floor Herringbone ? It will create a top quality feel That 's lovely What 's more ... your old stucco walls are dirty ... We could decorate in natural colors over natural wood texturing Natural wood ' ? A wood veneer showing off the texture of natural grain in all its plain , organic warmth - What are you doing ? - It 's okay - What 's okay ' ? - Don 't worry - I 'll scream - No need for alarm Just relax , okay It 'll be fine Don 't worry No need to worry I 'm leaving the squad this month This is news to me I didn 't tell anyone yet Why , all of a sudden ? My time is up Your time ? I must return to X538 , my galaxy What 's this about ' ? I was here on a mission A mission ? Please don 't be shocked I 'm not from Earth lam Captain Socks Are you feeling alright ? The rule is that we leave without telling anyone but I felt I should tell you , Chief I just don 't get it Captain Socks ? - You ? - Yes You transform into him ? That 's correct Don 't believe it Do I look like I 'm lying ' ? But why ? To maintain universal peace Chief ... Thank you for everything But kid ... A burger joint 's hardly the place for this You 're so busy , it was hard to get you alone Damn ... It 's natural to be shocked I 'm suddenly starving Let me go get something Excuse ma ... Excuse me ? I 'm busy I ordered coffees earlier ... Can I add a burger and fries to make it a Sun-Sun Burger Set ? What ' ? I 'd like to add a burger and fries to my coffee and order as a set meal What 's wrong ? Stop it I won 't hurt you Wait a minute , okay ... Stop fooling around Wait ... Think about it ... Where was I when Captain Socks fought those mutants ? I always make myself scarce , eh ? - That 's true - See ? I really am Captain Socks However ... If you still don 't believe me ... Come with me It 's this way Please take your time choosing Liesel is a nice girl . A wonderful talker She 's out of the question Louisa has a sad story She 's been through a lot in life Brigitta 's an acquired taste That smell ... of a stray dog come in out of the rain Let 's make a decision , shall we ' ? You 're allowed two changes anyway She 's almost right I 'll choose this one Very discerning , sir For technique , lima 's one of the best in the universe I 'm sure you 'll be satisfied Which planet is she from ? Venus A Venusian ... Be assured , to the eye she 's entirely human She 's not half-catfish below-the-waist or anything You know our billing system ? Pay me 20,000 now and the rest to the girl 60,000 in total , right ' ? 20,000 is a one-time membership fee lima is extremely popular A last-minute cancelation means she 's free You 're a lucky man I just hope she 's disease-free You are a worrier With alien planets , you 're never sure They have regular check-ups I 'll call her now . She 'll be here in 5 mins She 'll wear a red flower as a sign Thank you for everything Enjoy ! Let 's go Please Me , too ? But ... I 'll transform for you You 're stripping ? Otherwise they tear Close the door You 're even taking that off ? I 've got to be totally naked Look closely I just get bigger and bigger Morphing ! The Suzunari Theater When I lived back on Earth I worked back-stage at a small theater Eventually ! ended up marrying the sister of a cast member Initially , I dated the lop-billed actress That was Lei-char : She was a superb performer and a lovely person , loo Bright and smart , she was the perfect woman for me Until I discovered a most disconcerting thing ... She ate hamburgers in an absolutely repulsive way Pd adored hamburgers since I was a kid so that was a nightmare Ye ! here was a girl eating so deliciously in a way I 'd never imagined ... So I left Lei-chan and began dating my wife I see . Lime things mean a lot . I gel that ... So ? What 's troubling you ? You wouldn 't be here otherwise It 's not that I want Lei-chan back . Far from it ... I just thought ... Thought what ? She doesn 't seem very happy What 's with that husband ? I can 't believe she fell for that nerdy jerk Was it out of desperation ? She couldn 't forget about you Of course I never told her I 'd left because of her burger technique ... So she still doesn 't know the reason my feelings cooled I feel so bad about that You 're in the wrong on this one I understand , my dear I 'm sorry It seems we should part - Like I said ... - Wish you 'd told me earlier I 've been telling you all along I 'll step aside One thing ... as a final memory just once ... - Please don 't - I don 't ask for a kiss The Angueles way ... of saying farewell - No - Don 't worry It 'll be fine Be still It 's done We 'll never meet again Excuse me Thanks Did you just see a mime ' ? Holding a red balloon ' ? I know it sounds absurd but he was here Do you mean this ' ? Not the Sand-Sand character A mime like in a circus I 'm sorry but we 've no mimes here But I saw one That 's off-limits to customers I 'll call if I see one What 's up ? Sorry , I had a headache so I took a nap In that case , relax I 'm okay now Lei-chan hadn 't changed at all Really ? I thought she 'd aged That makes two of you Listen Don 't worry on my account , okay ? I feel nothing for her any more . There are no lingering emotions That claim itself sounds fishy Are we going back to Earth ? Why do You ask ' ? You just mailed an application to return , right ' ? Even if it 's accepted it 'll be ages yet Don 't concern yourself with it But if Captain Socks leaves what will happen to KBC Security ? It 'll be fine Socks was always getting us out of a fix Next week another superhero will replace me Are you sure ' ? That 's the way it works But Chief ... I need you to know something else There 's more ' ? About crew member Manmo Manmo ' ? Did you know we 're dating ? - You are ? - You didn 't know ? - It 's the first I heard - The whole crew knows In any case ... she 'll be here soon Ms. Manmo will ? Unfortunately ... I have to say goodbye to her , too - She knows your real identity ? - I 'm about to reveal it That 'll be a surprise No matter how she may beg , I must take my leave She 'll beg me to take her with but I cannot Chief Could you please look after her for me ? Got it Be her rock , if you can I 'd better go now I 'm in the middle of my patrol Sorry for bothering you You 've got a few days left ? I plan to leave this weekend Let 's grab a drink before then Definitely Later , then No need to follow I 'm Mum Mr. Zett introduced us Mr. Mum ? That 's right Your name is ' ? Maybe I 'll grab a bite Please , order what you like " ma ... lima , that 's right I want to eat nuggets Just nuggets ? Just nuggets . 80 boxes For my kid brother . He loves ' em - 80 boxes ? - 80 boxes Eight-zero ... Eighty ... " boxes I 'll go get them I appreciate it Excuse me Keep quiet Stop , I won 't hurt you I want to ask you something Thank you for waiting It took ages ! I 'm sorry lshould apologize The Cosmo Set comprises a burger created with a 100 % Cosmo Beef patty Hang on ... Are you alright ? Can 't you wait ? It came on quick - Shall I call a doctor ' ? - He 's fine But ... He 's early this month ... Don 't upset the other customers What on earth 's going on ? He sheds his skin every month His skin ? I 'm used to it but it 's gross . Best not to look Sorry but do you have a blanket ? Who 's going to eat these ? 80 boxes of nuggets ... How many damn nuggets is this ? 80 times 5 is 400 . Who eats that many ' ? Whoops ... Sorry I 'm late . I was filing receipts Thanks for taking the time It 's fine . I need to talk anyway But I 'll tell you later . Go ahead What 's up ? Want something ? Whose is this ? The chief was just here He was ? I 'll get a fresh one Don 't bother , this 'll do . So ? You can speak first - I don 't want to - I should go last I think mine is best last Mine is pretty serious So is mine , actually - Mine 's probably more so - No , mine is I really think mine 's more serious Okay , I 'll go first then What 's up ? Let 's split up Sorry but I want to end it Wait a minute I told you it was serious . That 's why I wanted to go last You really mean this ? It 's so out of the blue You wouldn 't propose to me Propose ? You wouldn 't meet my parents . I 'm nearly 30 , you know ... I just can 't wait . Sorry - But even so ... - That 's all I have to say - What 's up with you ? - Forget it ... But ... what the hell went wrong ? We 're really breaking up ? How could you ? My mind 's already made up Of course I want to propose to you But there are circumstances ... It 's okay , I don 't blame you I just figured you wrong I thought you were the domestic type . It was my mistake ... Alright then , in that case I 'll tell you everything Go ahead Don 't be shocked In truth ... lam not from this Earth Captain Socks is who I am I 'm sorry I kept quiet . We 're forbidden from revealing ourselves But you , I had to tell ... Hello ? I just told him now Can you make it here ? That 'd be best . I 'll wait ... Who 's coming ? Someone confessed their love and proposed You dilly-dallied ... so I accepted - Hang on ... - That 's the way it is I 'm getting married next month Ms. Hana What would you do if we closed down ' ? Will it close down ' ? We don 't know yet Let me know . I 'd have to find work Didn 't I say ... Just holding it in my mouth ... My husband wants to return to Earth If you can 't make it in Space , no point trying elsewhere Not that it was always like this How do you know ? The Galaxy Turnpike was bustling and every restaurant was packed before the opening of the Space Expressway I 'm just lighting it But that was over 100 years ago How old are you ? I 've been working part-time for 80 years Is that right ? That actually cost 15,440 Cosmo yen Not that I mind but ... There 's one thing I 'd like to establish What , I wonder ? Are you free of disease ? Disease ? He told me you 're safe because of the check-ups ... But in-between check-ups ... you probably have a number of clients ... I know that worry can be paralyzing ... but for me to be with a non-Earthling ... it 's kind of a first time thing ... and I can 't be sure what diseases you may have acquired When was your last check-up ? This is very rude I 'm sorry to make things awkward My last check-up was yesterday Yesterday ? But you 're my 3rd client of the day What do want to do ? Want to give up ? Your skin 's so soft ... I can 't fry an egg without breaking it Forget what I said Are you a chef ? I look forward to being your client Thanks . I 'll get the rest when we 're done The rest ' ? But ... - Nobody told me that ... - Are you kidding ? What 's the total , then ? Depends on the course Meaning what ' ? There 's an A , B C course Can you explain them ' ? A is to enjoy by watching B is to enjoy by touching The C course is to go all the way or do I say " come " ... How much to come all the way ? 200,000 Two-hundred-thousand More than the flight from Earth ? Plus the 60,000 to total 260,000 No , it 's out of the question . I 'll be stranded without airfare Hold on a minute This supposed " Professor " ... where did you meet him ? He came to see my play Why are you with him ' ? Student-seducing jerk He 's so true to himself I apologize What ' ? It 's my fault I don 't understand It 's all my fault I know I 've no right to ... but I just feel sorry for you I 'm not sorry at all Sure you are Don 't imagine how I feel I wanted you to be happier ... to find a better man than me ... to live a better life ... But I am happy Let 's not do this Do what ' ? I 'm really happy That 's a brave face Do I smack you ? I know how you feel You were devastated What ' ? I 'm so sorry I ended it like that But get over it and make a new start Are you totally stupid ? To presume your ex can 't live without you ... At best , it 's a male fantasy At worst , you 're simply delusional I admit that to us he appears strange and needy but the fact is , I love him I cannot believe that What do you know about him ' ? When I 'm old and frail and face the end , somewhere in this universe ... it 'll be him that I 'm thinking of and not you , sorry to say I wish I could give you a hug Bu ! I don 't exist below the neck , okay ? At last I 've got hold of you How 's it going , sir ' ? Are we having fun ? H 's not what we discussed at aH Isn 't she good enough ? Good enough ? She 's fantastic ! I told you But what 's this about 260,000 ? 260,000 ? That must be the C course Don 't tell me that 's what you want ? Of course I do ! You think I came all the way from Earth just to watch ? My misunderstanding , I 'm sorry With your hygiene concerns , I assumed A or B at most What shall we do ? Well , I 'm not paying that much Really ? Then you must make do with A or B , I guess I wan ' I pay a penny just to watch . Do something ] Would you like to cancel ? The one-time fee still applies No way ! Put yourself in my shoes My fuse is already lit It can 't be helped ... Unless you talk directly to Hma She 's a reasonable girl Call me if there 's anything else I 'll do what I can That took too long Men are such sad creatures Shall we then ' ? Mm " ma ... Do you take American Express ? Can I ask you to reconsider ? It 's too late now Weren 't we in love ? But ... Chief ... What 's up ? Sit by me Sure How did it go ? I think he understood Damn it ... This is just the way it is Couldn 't be helped ... But how come ? Sorry I didn 't tell you We 're getting married No way ... She met my daughter , too I know I 'll be a great mom Told her your news ? Yes ... I was so surprised ... This guy is Captain Socks ... He is ? I guess she wasn 't listening He returns to his home planet soon Oh , we 'll miss him Wait a second It 's not 100 % decided I 'll stay if you tell me to I don 't think I mind Don 't say that Good luck with everything Good luck Ms. Manmo , consider me Should I step aside ? There 's no need Chief , shall we go ? Okay , then Sorry about this See you What shall we do ? - Korean BBQ ? - Great idea ! - Bowling later ? - If you like Excuse me , do you have a minute ? Sure Please , take a seat You too , over there I 'm Hashimoto from the Ministry of Space Transport You 're the manager here ? Yes I have something to discuss Keep quiet Sorry about that Down , boy . Sit I 've experienced several strange things since being here You may think me odd but please bear with me okay Firstly lam presently surrounded by small birds and a cute puppy runs under my feet It may sound strange but I see them This only occurred upon entering your establishment What 's more , they 're familiar to me They come from the cartoons of my childhood Chicchi the bird and Sandy the puppy They were inseparable friends As a child I was enthralled by them I was an only child and they were my only friends There 's also a mime I see a mime holding a red balloon He 's sitting here right now I remembered the instant I saw him I once got lost in an amusement park A mime with a red balloon reunited me with my mother He is that same mime Have I gone insane ? I wonder ... Why am I seeing them ? Why are they here ? What 's the message they have for me ? Beats me ... I think I have the answer , maybe Boy , it feels good to have shed Here Do we throw it away ? Please do Why did you come here ? - A survey - Of what ? Field survey of the Turnpike I hear a rumor it might be closing I heard it too . Is it true ' ? I cannot address that question Some kind of force is at work to stop it happening What do you mean ? From deep within his past , beloved memories are retrieved and given substance to send him back to Earth with a favorable impression It 's a welcoming committee , so to speak Welcoming committee ? Who 'd arrange such a thing ? Whoever would be most affected by the closure Most affected ? The Galaxy Turnpike itself Over time , the Turnpike has evolved into a conscious being It 's not uncommon across the galaxy They 're a welcoming committee ? Would you agree with that ? Can you see him ? Yes All along ? Yes I wish you 'd told me We 're used to unusual phenomena here Ms. Hana Get rid of this Best not to peek Hello Noe ... Sorry , we 'll fix it soon Noa 's as idiosyncratic as ever Did he say something strange ? He still talks nonsense sometimes I 'm sorry But I 'm impressed he made his dream come true You mean this place ? He always said that burgers would be his life It 's not always plain-sailing Naturally , being all the way out here ... There 's also talk of the highway closing Well , it 's deserted We don 't know for sure , though ... Did he lose weight ? You think so ? He gains it back easily . Be careful He should put on a bit more I 'm not sure ... Being together , you wouldn 't notice How long did you two date ? It was 3 years , right ' ? I forget We 've been married 5 years But it 's not a question of time Yes , it is Yes , it is How much can you afford , then ? This much ... I 'll take the A course Hey , this isn 't enough I can 't even watch ... What the hell ... All right then A special exception today You seem nice so I 'll cut you a huge deal Are you sure ' ? A , B or C , your choice Really ? The C course Deal So , shall we begin ' ? You mean here ? Are you mentally prepared ? Wait a second ... You 're an Earthling , who knows what germs you have ? Don 't tell me it 's your first time ? Don 't worry , I 'll take the lead Your finger Concentrate Cheerio Wait Are we finished ? Yes That was it ? That 's the way we do it But ... What ? You must 've felt good , too I do feel ... a sense of fulfillment What else did you hope for ' ? A feeling of guilt ? No , not at all ... Take good care of your wife Solong Pull yourself together ! Can you try to walk ? Somebody , come help me ! Hold on ! I 'm a doctor Out of the way . Leave him to me Mr. Mendes ? A friend of yours ? Where was he ? In the electric room He was fine earlier Who the hell is he ? You know his name ? It 's Mr. Mendes Mr. Mendes , can you hear me ? He 's conscious But who is he ' ? - Can 't tell me ? - We 'll talk later How is he , Doctor ? No fever Which planet is he from ' ? I think he 's from Angueles I thought so I reckon he 's pregnant Pregnant ? Angueleans are hermaphrodite Gestation takes 30 minutes . They 're known for it 30 minutes ' ? They tend to seek out a dark place to give birth No wonder he was in there ... Water 's broken . Baby 's coming . Lay him down I need a blanket and scissors Help him , please Take off his shoes - Where 's the baby ' ? - Not out yet Not yet ' ? My dear ... dearest ' ? That 's you I 'm right here My dear. you know ... this baby is ours What ' ? Wait , don 't be so stupid It 's true . We made it together How come ? Who fertilized who ? I did nothing - What 's the connection ? - There is none He took it upon himself He 's having your baby ! Stop saying this nonsense It 's true ... it 's our baby Let me explain Angueleans can conceive by touching foreheads Foreheads ? That 's nice ... beats fingertips Does that ring a bell ? Looks like it does ! It felt like a farewell gesture My forehead ... He 's trying to say something Mine and hers touched - Shut up - How could you ? I 've no relationship with him at all One-sided conception is quite common in the universe Angueleans are tremendously imaginative Phantom pregnancy on a whole new level It 's a damn nuisance It 's the only way they can procreate It 's started Take over for me It is out yet ? He 's suffering Not my problem Contractions closer . Won 't be long Rub his back Are you going to be with him ? Don 't be so stupid What about the baby ' ? - I don 't know ! - It 's your baby Inhale slowly ... and exhale - Is it going to be all right ? - Dunno ... But , Doctor ? I 'm a dentist In any case ... Anyone can play this part Something 's coming out You can do it Doctor , please I 'll do my best Hold his hand , please Ouch ... it 's coming Why don 't you believe your wife ? How can I ' ? Did you forget what it takes to live in Space ? Human common sense doesn 't apply here Inhale deep and exhale ! Oh wow ... What is it ? An egg ... I can see an egg An egg ? It hurts ! Heck , it 's really dry What does that mean ? He 's not naturally well-hydrated That 's correct So it won 't just slip out Put me out of my misery Can 't you help him ? Got any seaweed ? - What 's that ? - Kelp seaweed Mom always said kelp 's slipperiness helps a difficult birth Kelp " Get some kelp We 've got no kelp ! Can 't it be something else ? She said that kelp 's the best Hey , it 's your turn now Me ? Any happy childhood memories of kelp ? Memories ? - Try to think back Anything he remembers turns real You can do that ? I don 't control the process Think happy kelp thoughts Okay , I 'll try ... Sweet memories of kelp ... There 's no such thing ! You 're useless ! Do you have kelp memories ? Any of you had fun with kelp ? I did Memories of kelp ? I was swimming in the sea as a kid I got lost and the kelp found me As if they were talking to me " Mom 's over there , kid " They guided me back That 's perfect Will my memories work ? Don 't worry . Just think back - Here you are , Doctor - Lay it on the floor Please use it all Put me out of my misery - Looking good - it 's no use It should be fine now Here comes one Two ... Three ... More coming ... Four ... Five ... Sm ... - How many ? - Six Seven ... That makes eight ! Is that it ? Eight total They 're all yours I 'm quite moved Look at these beautiful eggs It 's out there ! - Heck ! - You 've got seven left No , do something It 's not possible . Forget it It 's m ) ' 999 Look , it 's getting further away Hell ) " Pervert ! Further and further away ... It 's too late If only that superhero Captain Socks was here Captain Socks ! Come help us - Captain Socks ! - Here , after all Socks , save that egg ! We 're counting on you ! Go , Captain Socks ! You can do it ! He 's so cool ! Go , Captain ! What is it ? - Your socks are ok ! - Don 't worry about them He 's kinda neurotic Go , w ! Get the egg ... Gently , please Grab it Looking good ... Don 't grab it too hard ... you 'll crush it ... Gently It 's a soft egg Try again Don 't let it go ! You had it then - Go after it ! - Go , Captain Socks - What does he mean ? No ? - You can 't give up ! You 're useless ! - Stop looking at us - Hey , go after it ! Don 't give " P ! Come back ! Get my space suit I 'm going Darling ... Your egg is my egg , too Way to go , darling Relax ! It 's over there He 's going to use that ? He 's getting ready It 's that way ! Forget the windows What 's he doing ? What is he trying to do ? We want that egg ! Get a move on ! We need the egg ! Get the e99. will you ? Go , w ! There 's nothing to worry about . You know today 's a special day ? The Orga cluster and Veronica meteors align precisely with Venus Jupiter It 's a special day indeed We nicknamed it " S.E.S. " short for " Super Erotica Straight " On this day , all creatures great and small feel Eros burning in their hearts So it 's no wonder you feel the way that you do I deleted it Happy now ? You 're just going to hang out from now on ? Do I have to support you ? I 'd sure appreciate it They grow up incredibly fast Full grown by tomorrow morning Spitting image of daddy Sorry they didn 't look like you Actually , I prefer it that way I 'll take good care of them On your planet , do you all look the same ? Yes , we do A galactic mystery Sorry for all the bother Come on kids , we take the stairs By the way , I forgot to ask ... Who was he ? Where did you meet him ? He 's a renovations contractor Renovations ? I was planning something behind your back . Sorry What renovations ? Why don 't we spruce the place up ' ? Replace the entire floor ... for example , create a river here and have goldfish in it ... Behind the counter we can have a fountain The ceiling can be all glass SO WE can SEE Space And maybe a small stage here ... How much do you think it 'll cost ? It 'll be fine if we get more customers You 're asking the impossible We just need to begin something Stop talking about returning to Earth You finally got the restaurant you wanted If you can 't make it in Space , there 's no point trying elsewhere What 's that ? This ... is a Samba whistle I take lessons . I did today - Learning Samba ' ? - Sure . Another thing is ... if we have a stage here I could put on a dance Customers might enjoy it What do you think ? Nice idea I only started 6 months ago If you can 't make it in Space , there 's no point trying elsewhere Let 's stick it out a little longer Although ... What 's wrong ? I already mailed that request to the head office Interstellar Mai ! Service What a nuisance ... Attn ; Sand-Sand Burger Inc . I don 't believe this ... So , whats the matter now ? I don 't think I 'm suited for this job That 's for you to decide I think I 'd do better using my brain You already have your answer within Or marriage , maybe . Know anyone ? I wish I could hug you ... Bu ! I don 't exist below the neck , okay ? I wish I could give you a hug I wish I could give you a hug I 'll stick by your side To the end of the universe Even where there 's no air ' nor gravity Beyond the reach of light I 'll follow wherever you go Til the end of the universe Though our credit cards get zapped By magnetic fields so fierce Or should space junk shred your umbrella In a rain of space debris H ! stick by your side Ti ! the end of the universe H ! stick by your side Ti ! the end of the universe English Subtitles by Kennedy Taylor Aya Futami
