 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... I 've been waiting a long time for a face-to-face . [ Rumbling ] There 's a stretch of time in there that 's unaccounted for when no one was in contact . - Fitz : They switched people out . - The plan worked . We have replaced the top operatives at S.H.I.E.L.D. - How many ? - All of them . ♪ Now you know how nice it feels ♪ [ monitor beeping ] ♪ Scatter good seed in the fields ♪ [ ventilator clicking , hissing ] ♪ Life 's ours for the making ♪ Aida : Studies show music increases dopamine levels by 9 % . [ Ventilator clicking , hissing ] So I picked a recording that seemed to be one of your favorites . I always imagined this would be good music to be born to ... Not ... The other thing . I didn 't bring you here to die . I 'm going to save you . I 'm not afraid to go . One of my prime directives is to protect the framework . - And I need you alive to do that . - No ! I don 't want to live as a festering cripple . And you better not be talking about messing with my brain . I don 't want to be a thing like you . [ Grunts ] Don 't worry . ♪ ♪ You 'll be many things . [ Motor whirring ] [ Screaming ] * AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.L.D. * Season 04 Episode 15 " Self Control " Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Footsteps approaching ] ♪ ♪ We have to get out of here . No , Jemma , we have to be careful . They can 't know that we know . But ... we can only imagine what the Russian and Radcliffe programmed them to do . They could kill us , or they could ... they ... Okay , okay , okay . Shh , shh , shh , shh , shh , shh . If they wanted to , they would have already . Unless they 're waiting to separate us from the general population , then kill us or switch us or ... Okay . Okay , okay . Take a breath , take a breath . It 's okay . [ Breathes deeply ] The one advantage we have over them is they don 't know that we 're on to them . Yeah . But they 're gonna be suspicious if we don 't act normal . Right . Yeah . Maybe we could ask someone who wasn 't on the op ... Agent Fitz . Yes , Coulson , sir . We haven 't been able to locate the submarine on satellite . In your best estimation , do you think it has missile-launch capabilities ? [ Inhales deeply ] Well , we couldn 't know that for sure , but one could posit that , yeah . Mm . Then we 'll have to assume the worst . That the Russian has people to enact his endgame . And his goal in life was to kill all inhumans . That 's why we 're bringing them all here , to headquarters . ♪ ♪ Of course . Makes perfect sense . ♪ ♪ Uh , well , once this storm has cleared up , uh , and the director has fully recovered , we can start to put a system ... - together to ... - I 've recovered enough . My God , that was fast . A little sore , but I 'll manage . I think Daisy here should contact the inhumans personally and oversee their transfer to H.Q. I 'll take care of it . I 'll help make calls . That 's our top priority . Along with finding Agent may , right ? Of course . Well , perhaps Simmons and I should retire to my office and , uh , discuss the logistics of the search . Actually , we ... y ... f ... Discovered an old U.S.S.R. Communication Hardware device , um , on the raid . Maybe they used that for communicating . But we should probably keep a brain trust together until we can decipher the code . Good idea . Time 's a-wasting . Let 's get to it . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ We need to scan and replace those last two immediately . Carefully , undetected . We 're still outnumbered here . Not for long . In the meantime , Daisy will contact the inhumans , inform them she 's coming to collect them personally . Yes . And then execute them on sight . Which reminds me , the hardware we brought from the Russian 's loading dock ... Still in the shipping container on Zephyr one . I 'll oversee it 's off-loaded down into the basement now . Yo-yo 's our most-valuable asset , so we want to get to her first . Sounds like the right idea . [ Computer beeping ] Yo-yo , we 're coming to get you . Yo-yo : Is everything okay ? You 're in danger . I have so many memories of snow . My first time ice-skating on my neighbor 's pond . A month stationed near the French Alps . But the truth is ... This is the first time I 've seen it . My phantom limb used to ache in cold weather . But now ... I don 't feel that pain . I haven 't felt this good in years . What are you saying ? ♪ ♪ No . Oh , God , no . - What did Radcliffe do ? - May , it 's okay . This is why I 'm locked up in here ! - Hey . - You 're not afraid of what I 'll do . - It 's okay . - You 're afraid that they 'll discover you ! We can help them , too . May , this is a good thing . - This is a very good thing . - How can you possibly think that ? ! I get it . My programming is different than yours . You had to discover that your body had been replaced . You must 've felt blindsided . My reality was crashing down . Whereas I still have my mind but know exactly what I am . And more importantly , I understand a basic truth that you don 't realize yet . And what 's that ? That our bodies don 't matter . ♪ ♪ Radcliffe built a world ... A world exactly like this one . Every molecular detail the same , just ... With a little less hurt for each of us . What do you mean , " hurt " ? Imagine if your greatest regret could be wiped away . Do you know what that would be ? I do . And you ? I sometimes wonder what it would 've been like if I 'd never signed up . All the loss , the grief ... All my regrets are piled up after that . Could 've lived like a civilian , you know ? The simple life . Now we can have that . Are you saying we 'll eventually be able to be ... Together ? I 'm saying that in the framework , we already are . [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪ ♪ Radcliffe gassed them during the raid . That 's why we lost time . Quick scan of the brain , transfer that data to a body , which must have already been built ... I 'm thinking the same thing . - He could 've had ... - Sorry . Could 've had digital scans of their features . From the eyes of the May android . Complete physical geometry . So he could 've replaced anybody . ♪ ♪ [ computer beeps ] ♪ ♪ [ mumbles ] Let me see . Well , the ... Lab techs must 've taken it upon themselves to mount LMD detection devices randomly throughout the base . I mean , there must be a calibration error . It 's reading the equipment or something . - Whoa ! - Stay right there . - Hey , Jemma ... - Back away ! - Back away ... - All right ! Until we can f-figure this out . Figure what out ? You 're pointing a gun at me . Why are you pointing a gun at me ? ! ♪ ♪ No . Don 't move . It 's you . [ Voice breaking ] Shut up . Shut up ! You suggested that we come to the workshop ... Alone . You brought me here . No , you ... you were ... You were the one telling me to act normal , and ... - You knew how the LMDs were made . - Who was the one that - Ddn 't want to leave the base , - saying it was a calibration error ? ! You knew ! There 's no calibration error ! I 'm not the one that 's pointing the gun ! I bloody well know that I 'm not an android ! You would lie and say that if you were ! You 'd be programmed to ! What are you doing ? You don 't know . ♪ ♪ You don 't even know , like may . Stop it ! The ... the same goes for you . Of course this is happening . This always happens to you , to me , to us . It 's my worst fear coming true again . You don 't even know . I 'm not a bloody LMD ! You 're messing with me , messing with my head ! It 's not me , Jemma ! Well , it 's one of us ! [ Both breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ It 's one of us , Fitz . [ Sniffles ] [ Sniffles ] Well , regardless of who it is ... It 's my fault . It is . It is . I perfected the technology . I started this whole nightmare . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Don 't ... Make me feel bad for you . [ Sniffles ] Don 't hurt me . I couldn 't . I 'm not gonna fight you , Jemma . Even if you are a decoy . I 'm the bad guy , okay ? No matter what . So I 'll do whatever you say . Okay ? I 'll do whatever you say . Pick it up . ♪ ♪ [ scoffs ] And do what , Jemma ? Cut your wrist . If you 're the LMD , I 'll see your substructure and I 'll know . And if not ... Not , then you 're the android , and you just convinced me to slit my wrist . Do it ! ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] Okay . ♪ ♪ Ohh ! [ Breathing heavily ] That 's a lot of blood . Did you cut the radial artery ? I was trying very hard to miss it . I ... ♪ ♪ Don 't come near me ! ♪ ♪ [ breathing heavily ] Fitz ... I 'm sorry . Aah ! [ Gunshots ] ♪ ♪ [ knife clatters ] [ Gasps ] Welcome back , doctor . Oh , what the hell ? My orders were to bring me out after 24 hours . That 's exactly what I did . Really ? Oh , my God . I completely lost track of time . Aida , there were ... Changes . I had to restart the simulation to accommodate the new residents . In order to reduce their pain , to fix a regret for each of them , I had to restart the framework simulation from those moments in time . Are you mad ? I am programmed to do just that . You shouldn 't have done that with me plugged in . I could 've lost my grip on reality ! To the human mind , there 's no difference between the perception of the framework and the physical world . It ... [ Sighs ] It 's just so vast . This is all ... Perfectly real . I assure you , one of my prime directives is keeping you safe . - The other is to protect the framework . - Protect the framework , yes , which is why we 've given that Russki all that he wants ... So that he 'll guarantee the framework has this palace to operate within . The Russian , he 's , uh ... He 's in good spirits ? He 's resting . Four LMDs are in place at S.H.I.E.L.D. And it 's only a matter of time before they get brain scans of the top remaining Agents ... Jemma and , of course , Daisy . Are their commands working on a subconscious level to avoid detection , as with Agent May ? There wasn 't time for such subtleties . They 're much more ... Objective-driven . [ Sighs ] Aida , people could be killed in that scenario . Only if they resist . [ Monitor beeping ] [ Sighs ] Daisy : Okay . That 's everyone . Do you really think it 's necessary for me to personally greet each of them ? You don 't think that 'll take too much time ? It 'll be more efficient than you think . Okay . I 'll suit up . Zephyr in 10 ? I 'll be ready . ♪ ♪ Fitz : I need you conscious to map your frontal lobe , so you can 't be too heavily sedated . ♪ ♪ The rest you can sleep through . ♪ ♪ You have Fitz 's mind . Why are you doing this ? I 'm doing it for you . For us . What we 've always suspected I now know to be true . Consciousness is separate from the physical self . [ Keyboard clacking ] ♪ ♪ Don 't hurt yourself , Jemma . ♪ ♪ There 's no reason to be afraid . I was always trying to protect you , pursuing technological solves to the problematic scenario that you could be harmed or killed . But Radcliffe 's cured death . Once I map your brain , we 'll never have to fear losing each other again . Don 't fight , Jemma . You 're too weak . [ Panting ] I 'm securing our future . So we can get married , grow old together . ♪ ♪ That 's the first time you 've mentioned it ... Getting married . I mean ... I 've thought about it . But I was afraid to bring it up . You know ... I thought I knew your answer , but no one 's ever 100 % . [ Chuckles weakly ] [ Grunting ] I 'll tell Fitz when I see him . [ Grunts ] ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ No . No ! No ! No ! No ! Aah ! Jemma , please ! Stop ! [ Grunting ] ♪ ♪ Jemma , Jemma , look at me . Look at me . Stop . It 's me . It 's me . [ Grunts ] [ Gurgling ] [ Electricity crackles ] [ Breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ Prince , where 's Agent Johnson ? Yeah , Daisy told me to tell you she wants to check the accommodations for the incoming inhumans before we head out . The containment rooms downstairs ? Yeah . Damn it . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] ♪ ♪ [ groans ] ♪ ♪ Man on P.A. : Code 3 , west sector . Repeat ... code 3 , west sector . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] [ Breathing heavily ] [ Tablet beeping ] ♪ ♪ Fisher : It 's Agent Fitz , sir . We can see that . Davis said Agent Simmons was the only one in here with him . Then it 's what we feared . We believe Agent Simmons has been compromised , replaced with an LMD . We need to find her , scan her ... No , wait . ♪ ♪ Look . ♪ ♪ Fisher : My God . Sir , we have to scan everyone . [ grunts ] [ Gun clicks ] ♪ ♪ Daisy knows , and she got away . Damn it . This is not how it was supposed to go . We didn 't want bloodshed . It 's too late for that . Mack , see if you can patch up Fitz enough so that he can fix himself . We have to search the base . And cut the security feeds . Already gave the order . [ Static ] ♪ ♪ [ rustling ] ♪ ♪ Get away from me ! Simmons . What the literal hell ? What did I just see ? What just happened to Fitz ? It wasn 't him . It wasn 't him . Did you kill him ? No , not him . It wasn 't him . Are you a robot ? Because I just saw a truckload of myself , and Mack is in on it . And Coulson just bashed an Agent 's head in and ... - They were all replaced ... - You , too . It 's not you . It 's not you ! Simmons ... It 's me . What about you ? Prove to me that you 're not a frickin ' robot . Because it looks like you 're malfunctioning . No way to prove it . You won 't know until they kill you . There 's no way to know until they kill you . [ Door opens , muffled conversations ] Okay . [ Stammering ] Give me ... Give me your hand . I 'll quake you . Don 't touch me ! Give me your hand ! I 'll quake you , not to hurt you ! Not to hurt you . Just enough to feel your bones ... The ... the real bones , and they 're not made of metal . I 'm me . I hope . I 'm not one of them . I can prove to you that I 'm not one , either . An LMD wouldn 't have inhuman powers , right ? That way , we 'll both know . Don 't touch me ! [ Door opens , muffled conversations ] ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] [ Sighs ] Oh , thank God . [ Crying ] ♪ ♪ Aida : There 's a beauty to it . Radcliffe : This body you 're building ... The Russian won 't approve . He 'll come around . I 've observed his behavior . I 've observed much human behavior . And the more I see , the harder it gets to find a logic to it . [ Chuckles ] Oh , you sweet girl , there is no logic to love , anger , wonder , joy ... I understand the concepts , but I don 't feel them myself . And unfortunately ... They 've created a paradox in my programming . What do you mean ? Explain . My two main parameters are in opposition due to human emotions . I was programmed to protect the framework but also to preserve your life above all others . Well , how is that a contradiction ? Because the greatest threat to the framework , doctor ... Is you . Well , that 's simply not accurate . A defining human trait seems to be regret , or so I 've observed . You even asked me to repair one regret for each person entering the framework . Yes . Well , you , doctor , exhibit poor self-control , and if you someday come to regret building the framework , you could change my parameters and have me dismantle it . [ Laughing ] Why would you think I would ever do that ? I am saving these people . I am giving them a replica of their life with less pain . Yes . But their physical bodies will eventually give out because of it . Oh , Aida , that doesn 't matter . Reality is just perception . They perceive it as real , which makes it real . They might not believe that . Yeah , but I do . I know it . I believe it to be true , wholeheartedly . ♪ ♪ Thank you for clarifying . That statement fixes the paradox . I can now solve both problems at once . ♪ ♪ [ gasping ] [ Grunts ] ♪ ♪ Shh . ♪ ♪ You 'll live a long life , free of pain . ♪ ♪ We know you 're wondering why you 're here . You 've received orders . Base is on a complete lockdown . Agent Coulson will explain why . Two of our best Agents and friends , Daisy Johnson and Jemma Simmons , have been kidnapped . [ All murmuring ] And worse than that , they 've been replaced . Simmons : What do you mean , " hope " ? They 'll say we 're life model decoys , turn all of hq against us , and have us killed . Okay . Well ... Maybe there 's not a lot of hope that we 're gonna get out of here , but there is hope ... That our team is still alive . Which means we have to try . From what Fitz told you , it seems Radcliffe , in his twisted logic , is keeping them alive in this framework thing . Which means they can be rescued . How ? The framework 's origin signal is untraceable . They could be anywhere on the planet . Which is why we have to go in . You mean ... Go in ? Hack in . Hack in . Plug ourselves into the framework so we can find our people , and we can wake them up and figure out where their bodies are being kept . I don 't know . Really , what 's our other option ? Shoot to maim ... Stomach , spine . It 's imperative we pull the data from their heads . Coulson2 : Don 't let their faces cloud your judgment . The best way to ensure that we can save them is to find these machines pretending to be them and take them down . Eyes and ears open , people . Let 's move . So , we fight our way through the trained military personnel , then the ultra-powerful android doubles of our friends , somehow make it to the Zephyr , which we can 't fly , to escape the base and try to plug our minds into an alternate reality . Okay , well , don 't say it out loud , because that made it sound way worse . Let 's just keep it one thing at a time , okay ? We have sleeping gas . How many doses of that antidote are there ? I don 't know . I can 't think without Fitz . Simmons . Simmons , stay with me . We can 't fight them , Daisy . It 's too much . - It 's all too much . - Hey , hey . Don 't worry about fighting them , okay ? I will . I will take them on myself . No , Daisy , don 't do this . You don 't have your gauntlets to protect your arms . It doesn 't matter . Look , I know you still feel like you have to atone for Lincoln 's sacrifice , but sacrificing yourself - is not the answer . - That is not what this is about . - I can 't lose you , too ! - Look at me . Look at me . This is not a sacrifice play . You know why ? Because I will beat them . You hear me ? I know it . If for no other reason than this ... Through all the insane crap we have gone through , the one thing I 've known , without a doubt , the whole time ... Is you and Fitz belong together . This is not how your story ends . Okay ? ♪ ♪ So I 'm gonna beat the screws out of those junkers , and the two of us are gonna get the hell out of dodge . Deal ? Deal . Coulson2 : Agent Fitz is in critical condition . He might survive , but it gives us an idea what these two ... [ Engine revving ] capable of . [ Device beeping ] [ Beeping quickens ] [ Explosion ] [ Mace grunts ] [ Agents coughing ] ♪ ♪ They 're gassing the Agents . Smart . We should kill the lights . They can 't see in the dark as well as we can . And I 'll get Agent may ready for the contingency plan . Explosives ? They trying to bring the roof down on us ? Is that it ? Mack : No . That 's not it . [ Agents coughing ] What 's going on down there ? Is everyone okay ? It 's time for you to enter the fight . You 're our last line of defense . What do you want me to do ? [ Generator hums ] [ Fire crackling ] [ Gun cocks ] ♪ ♪ [ both grunting ] ♪ ♪ [ glass shatters ] [ Grunting ] ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] [ Agents groaning ] ♪ ♪ [ coughing ] You guys all right ? There 's still gas everywhere . How are we awake ? ♪ ♪ Daisy and I aren 't the LMDs . I don 't buy it . I don 't care . Now get up . [ Rumbling ] [ Grunts ] [ Both grunting ] [ Breathing heavily ] Really ? Not even winded ? We don 't want to hurt you . ♪ ♪ That 's not what it feels like . ♪ ♪ [ both grunting ] [ Rumbling ] [ Electricity crackles ] ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] [ Gunshot ] Aah ! Aah ! [ Grunts ] [ Panting ] Daisy , this is for your own good . We didn 't want to hurt you , but we have no choice here . Now let us download you before you bleed out . Don 't resist us . You 'll be fine . We 're in this together . We 're a team . ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] ♪ ♪ [ glass shattering ] ♪ ♪ I would say I told you so , but ... I don 't have to now . Okay , okay . [ Grunts ] Anyone here know how to fly the Zephyr ? I-I just started training . Okay . Well , you 're gonna try real hard . You three can walk better than we can , so drag any unconscious bodies out of this sector before the fire spreads , then open the hangar doors and meet us on the Zephyr . Daisy and I will load in this hardware . And remember , anyone you see who 's awake ... Is a robot . Super . Come on . I need medical . [ Keypad beeps ] ♪ ♪ Coulson , I have them . ♪ ♪ May , think about what you 're doing . I am . Or ... Processing , I should say . Please . Do you want us to die ? Coulson says that doesn 't matter . That doesn 't sound like Coulson . Either way ... I won 't have to regret this decision . [ Glass shatters ] This 'll take a while . Worry about Mack later . Can you program the Daisy fleet downstairs with basic seek-and-destroy ? - Of course . - Do it . Be ready to release them . ♪ ♪ I thought you said you had them . ♪ ♪ May ? What did you do ? What I wanted to . ♪ ♪ Okay . Everything 's under control . - Let 's just ... - Whose control ? Why don 't you and I have a glass of scotch ... Or many ... And talk this out , like we always do ? " We " ? We 've never done that before . ♪ ♪ [ both breathing heavily ] No , no , keep going ! You were right . Our programming is different . Are you afraid to die ? 'Cause I am . [ Both grunt ] ♪ ♪ I know I 'm not real . I 'm all phantom limbs . But that doesn 't make the pain less real . You don 't have to feel pain . You say you don 't anymore . But that pain , that regret ... That 's what made you a person ... A person I love . Davis : Start engine . Ignition on . Prince : Go , go , go ! Top right . Move it ! Top right . Come on , go , go , go , go , go ! ♪ ♪ My programming was to get the Darkhold . That came from Radcliffe . But my impulse , to keep Coulson safe and close , that desire ... That came from me . That 's good . And I 'm sorry to say ... You 're not him . ♪ ♪ Daisy : What we can decipher from the insane amount of code flying around in there is that it 's a duplicate of our world . Populated with all the people in the world . How could they build ... The Darkhold . [ Speaking Spanish ] We 've managed to identify the duplicate avatars of myself and Daisy that are running around in there . So you just plug yourself into these avatars ? Hook up with our people and find out where on earth their bodies are being held . And rescue them . That sounds easy . Will it be easy ? ♪ ♪ [ scoffs ] They have no idea . And if they 're in there too long , their bodies will ... Give out . Well , that 's the hypothesis . So we have to go ... now . [ Grunts ] ♪ ♪ Meet at the rendezvous right away . That 's where I programmed the backdoor to get out . And listen , living in there too long may kill you , but dying in there will definitely kill you , so ... Be careful . You , too . And remember , even if our vitals are going haywire , do not ... Do not pull you out or wake you up , I know . It will cook your brains like Huevos Rotos . Cause permanent damage to the cerebral cortex , yes . Just promise me you 'll get our guys back , okay ? I promise . [ Monitors beeping ] [ Device beeping ] [ Keyboard clacking , computer beeping ] ♪ ♪ [ gurgling , gasping ] [ Breathing heavily ] [ Cellphone rings ] Lincoln ? ♪ ♪ ♪ Now you know how nice it feels ♪ ♪ scatter good seed in the fields ♪ ♪ life 's ours for the making ♪ ♪ eternity 's waiting ♪ ♪ waiting for you and me ♪ ♪ now you know that you are real ♪ ♪ show your friends that you and me ♪ ♪ belong to the same world ♪ ♪ turned on to the same word ♪ ♪ have you heard ? ♪ ♪ Have you heard ? ♪ ♪ Have you heard ? ♪ ♪ Have you heard ? ♪ ♪ Have you heard ? ♪ ♪ Hmm , hmm ♪ ♪ hmm-mm-mm ♪ ♪ mm-mm ♪ [ gasps ] ♪ ♪ Aida : See ? Good as new . [ Grunts ] And stronger , it seems . I know what you did . You stole my mind and uploaded it to a filthy machine . I told you not to mess with my mind . I assure you ... Your mind is alive and well inside your head . ♪ ♪ Untouched . ♪ ♪ This body is mechanical , yes . What ? ♪ ♪ You 're controlling it remotely . ♪ ♪ Some reading , if you 're interested . ♪ ♪ I need you walking around , able to continue protecting the framework . A perfect machine , controlled with a mind endowed with the ability to feel love , anger , wonder ... Joy . ♪ ♪ Joy ? When ? When I am able to feel those things myself . Robbie : They say when the rider burns you , he burns your soul . [ Tires squeal ] [ Engine revving ] You don 't get to decide who deserves to die . Robbie : I 'm not the one who decides . [ Screams ] " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D ... . Ghost Rider . " Tuesdays at 10 : 00 / 9 : 00 central on abc . Do you trust me ? [ Giggles ] Where are we going ? Enter a whole new world where the untold stories of some of your favorite characters ... Aladdin and Jasmine , Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , the count of Monte Cristo , and more ... Will be unleashed . What 's coming , and how do I stop it ?
