 Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Coulson : This is what gave you your super-strength ? We used a modified version of that formula you confiscated from agent Johnson 's father . S.H.I.E.L.D. isn 't going away . We need to strike back . I can assemble a team . That won 't be necessary . I think it 's time the superior sends some men of his own . Anton Ivanov , a reclusive industrialist with a submarine . Coulson : Bingo . You said you wanted to destroy the inhumans and the thing that brought them upon us . What is it ? A man . You can help me get to him ? You 're not may . He switched you , didn 't he ? Where 's the real may ? How 's our guest ? She 's been a model patient , even with the move . We 'll find her . I promise . [ " Romance anónimo " plays ] I 'd be the first to admit that I 've followed my worst instincts at times . Last year . Loss will make you do that . It feels good in the moment ... Gracias . ... but it never ends well . I 've lost my temper . I 've killed . But lately ... I have this voice in my head telling me not to go down that path again . It 's telling me to be patient , to stay steady . Mack : I take it you don 't mean me , sir . It 's agent may . She 'd tell me to stay on mission . Mack : Listen to the woman . She knows what she 's talking about . Hold on . This could be her . ♪ ♪ careful . This woman disappeared from her old life . We don 't know if we can trust her , but she could be - - I know . She could lead us to may . ♪ ♪ damn it . I don 't have confirmation . Her face will be all the confirmation we need . Buenos dias , Roberto . [ Australian accent ] I 'll have the usual , please . Ready to go , Agnes . How is your day ? Good day so far , thanks . [ Camera shutter clicking ] I 'd say that 's confirmation . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] My god ... Aida , it 's astonishing . Agent may kept finding the edges of our simulations . That 's no longer a concern , given the earth has no edges . It 's round . I understood that conceptually , we were building a world , but i-i didn 't expect you would build our entire world . With slight improvements . And agent may - - she 's ... Happy ? The clinical definition of happy is difficult to quantify . But she meets much of the criteria . Well , then , that 's a yes . [ Sighs ] Whatever price we needed to pay for the darkhold ... It was worth it . ♪ ♪ welcome , welcome . Morning checkup ? It 's midnight . Does that thing have to be in here ? Of course not . Well , this place is perfect . All the power we need . And undetectable ? I believe so . I 've lived here for many years . Great ! But that - - that book - - you really shouldn 't ... Touch that . It 's - - it 's dangerous , powerful . I 'm aware . I read it while you were sleeping . You did what ? ! I specifically said it was mine to examine , decipher - - you said it would help me find a solution - - to eliminate the inhuman problem . I said don 't touch it ! Could warp the senses , corrupt the mind . Relax . I glanced at it , and it gave me a simple answer . ♪ ♪ you . ♪ ♪ why do you think you 're still alive ? As we discussed when you first arrived , we have plans ... For a future together . Yes . I 've already worked out the first step . You found an inhuman to dangle in front of S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Well , no . Because as you 're aware , they are not easy to come by . ♪ ♪ until now . ♪ ♪ pure terrigen crystals . I picked up some samples last year when I was working for a ... Previous benefactor . His goals were - - well , the complete opposite of yours , so I 've been working to refine the compound , grow it - - superior - - the - - the chemical in this pure form is harmless to humans . If you 're a potential inhuman , however ... It will turn you . We 're counting on it . [ Alarm blaring ] Oh , for the love of - - what now ? Oh , that 's for me . Dial in that scanner . I can 't have it detecting every metal clothes hanger as an lmd . Coulson 's a prosthetic hand , for god sakes . Yes , sir . ♪ ♪ that 's enough for now . [ Treadmill beeping ] Agent Simmons ? It 's not good news , I 'm afraid . The serum that 's been giving you your strength ... It ... Is ... Potentially lethal . So you 're saying it 's ... A little risky . I 'm saying it 's Russian roulette . You 've been fortunate so far , but the next injection ... Might cause cardiac arrest . And if it doesn 't , the one after is even more likely to kill you , and so on and so on until ... Geez . Don 't sugarcoat it , doc . And by that , i mean , please , go ahead and sugarcoat it . [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry . I know general Talbot was hoping to replicate what was done to Steve Rogers , but ... [ Inhales deeply ] But you 'll never be captain America . But , you know , i agreed not to take the serum until you completed the medical tests . I 'm even in daily physical conditioning , learning to fight . Yeah , and I hear you 're doing well . Agent Piper had me pinned in 10 seconds this morning . Tomorrow , it will be 12 . No , you don 't understand . I need my strength . We 're already a man down . Look , we are all doing everything to find agent may . I know . And I 'm a team player . I 'm willing to play any position that gets us the win . But I already went from head coach to quarterback , I 'm gonna be on the bench for the season ? Sir ... [ Chuckles ] I have no doubt you will find your place on the footie squad . Ladies and gentlemen , straight from engineering and complete with all the modifications that you requested . Director mace , say goodbye to your briefcase , because you now have a serum-delivery device on the belt of your suit . Just one turn , and the injection is delivered directly into the ... The tests - - the tests didn 't go that well , did they ? Okay . Well , in that case , it 's also good that we added a heart monitor and a GPS , so when you do use the injection - - Fitz . He can 't . It 's too dangerous . Oh . ♪ ♪ you could - - could 've told me that before I did my whole big presentation . Director , we got to keep you on schedule . Oh , thank god . ♪ ♪ Daisy : If our friends in calgary could take asset 63-d94a , that would be better . She 's gonna need a cold climate . And remember , the relocation data is for S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s eyes only , so if you get any pushback , you know how to find me . Copy that , agent Johnson . Inhuman relocation ? The people who want to kill them have the darkhold . We have to assume that every inhuman is a potential target . Senator nadeer is gonna fight us on this . The sokovia accords give her a right to their locations . That 's why you 'll make sure the u.N. Backs our play , no matter how many grueling bureaucratic conference calls you have to make . [ Computer beeping ] Phil , how 's the fishing expedition ? Turns out Fitz was right . Radcliffe didn 't create aida out of thin air . He modeled her after someone - - a woman named Agnes kitsworth . Australian expat living in Spain . We 've been surveilling her , but she seems uncompromised . Well , let 's hope she can lead us to agent may . So how can I help ? You 're doing it . Mm , I want to be here for you , Phil . Radcliffe has the darkhold , may is missing , nadeer and her Russians are gunning for the inhumans . I need to do something more . I know . I felt the same way when I started working with the avengers . It 's not easy to find your place when you 're working with heroes and gods . So what did you do ? I did my best to protect the team . Turns out i had a role to play . You 'll make the right decision at the right time . Or you 'll get an asgardian staff through the chest . I 'd try to avoid that part . Goes without saying . Thanks , Phil . [ Cellphone beeps ] ♪ ♪ it 's a replica , you know . The original 's in majorca . Yeah , I know . You know because you 've spent time in majorca or because you know a thing or two about replicas ? [ Chuckles ] I 'm sorry . Have we met ? Not yet . But I know about the work you did with Holden Radcliffe . ♪ ♪ our work ? You don 't know anything . Then help me to understand . Okay . I don 't want anything to do with that man ever again . Understand ? Now leave me alone . We 're with S.H.I.E.L.D. We need to talk . Show her . [ Tablet beeps ] ♪ ♪ Agnes : Oh , my god . He actually did it . Nadeer : If the u.N. Want to play hardball , then we 'll throw harder . I want the public up in arms about S.H.I.E.L.D. hiding inhumans in their backyards , and I want it by the evening news . I 'll call a press conference . And book me some follow-up appearances on talk radio - - you know which networks - - and - - ♪ ♪ what are you doing here ? I need a word . You 're comfortable with them hearing this ? I have no secrets from my staff . Mm . We 've been discussing your role in this . You 've been very impressive on the front lines , proven over and over again your commitment to this cause . Thank you . I 've made some sacrifices , yes . I saw it myself . And I 've wondered ... Which was worse . Realizing your brother was infected and had to die because of it or realizing ... You have the same blood coursing through your veins ? I don 't appreciate your implication . I 'm not that alien filth . Not now . Maybe not ever . But that ... Gene passes on and on . And on . Maybe even skips a generation , maybe not . But everyone that carries it is part of the plague . How dare you . I want you out of my office . Superior knows it 's not your fault . And you 'll play a role in this ... No , wait . ... no matter what happens . Stop . Wait . ♪ ♪ [ coughing ] [ Chuckles ] I 'm okay - - I 'm - - [ Gasps ] No . No ! No ! [ Laughing ] You thought it was me ? ♪ ♪ look at you . [ High-pitched whining ] You 're disgusting , you son of a - - [ explosion ] Details are scarce , but it appears that senator Ellen nadeer 's office was ground zero in an explosion that looks deliberately set . Many are asking if nadeer 's outspoken anti-inhuman stance made her a target . Currently , there are no suspects , but the FBI is ... Is it possible ? Could an inhuman have done this ? No way . They 've all been accounted for by me . We can 't account for the inhumans that we don 't know about or the sympathizers . Come on , you guys . This is just another setup . Nadeer 's furious about the relocations , and she wants people riled up against inhumans . Would nadeer go so far as to bomb her own office ? Trust me , she 's gonna show up on the news having just missed the blast , and she 's gonna pin it all on S.H.I.E.L.D. That 's what she does . Daisy . We 're just getting confirmation from the FBI . We have four confirmed casualties and one positive identification . We are sad to confirm that senator Ellen nadeer , leader in the humans first movement , is among the dead . Reporting live for cnb , we 'll send it back ... Okay . Well , we can 't be too sad . She did try to have you killed . She could 've been brought to justice . Now we won 't get that chance . But it 's not too late to do the right thing . Grab what you need . It 's time to show the world what S.H.I.E.L.D. stands for . So I 'll mark you down as shocked but not surprised , which is surprising . Well , Holden 's whole post-human work started with replacing body parts , so ... Why not go for the whole shebang ? I can think of about a million reasons why not , but Radcliffe did it anyway . He called her aida . And he could have made her look like anyone , but he chose you . Yeah , I got that part . Thanks . You said you didn 't work together . Were you special to him ? I thought so . But what I really was to him was the one thing he couldn 't quite fix . No matter what he tried , he always hit a brick wall . How we felt about each other didn 't matter . What mattered ... Was that he couldn 't deal with failure . So he left me . Ran , really . What is it ? Glioblastoma multiforme . [ Chuckling ] I know , it 's boring . Just your garden variety brain tumor . But at least it 's in a really interesting place , which makes it totally inoperable . I 'm sorry . See , that 's why I 'm here . So I don 't have to hear that every day . Anyway , thanks for ruining one of the few good days i have left . Finding out your nightmare ex has built a robot replacement of you is a lot to process , so ... I 'd appreciate it if you let me go . I can 't let you do that . Coulson ... We need to find Radcliffe , and you 're gonna help us . No , I 'm not . I 'm living out the rest of my life on my terms , and that means having nothing to do with Holden Radcliffe . I understand your situation , and I don 't want to make you cooperate , but if I have to - - I wake up and face death every day . You think I 'm scared of you ? I don 't know what you hope to accomplish by waltzing in here with that logo on your jackets , but it 's bad for all of us . Director mace , are inhumans behind this ? ♪ ♪ you said you wanted to show the world what S.H.I.E.L.D. stands for . Well , I was hoping to do that by solving this thing . We got this . I guess now I 'm the team mascot . [ Indistinct shouting ] Coulson : We 've got an address . I 'm bringing her into custody . Then you 'll be doing it alone . Agnes gets us to Radcliffe . Radcliffe gets us to may - - she said she couldn 't help us . She said she wouldn 't . There 's a difference . This is a woman 's life - - the end of her life . Just give her some peace . This is may we 're talking about . Yes . May . The voice in your head telling you not to be reckless this time . I 'm not planning on punching a hole in the universe and releasing a demon into the world . For Agnes , Radcliffe is the demon . Even if she agrees to reach out to him , we don 't know if Radcliffe has may . We don 't even know if may is still ... Go ahead . Finish that thought . Look , I know how hard it is to let go of someone you love . ♪ ♪ but there 's gonna come a time when you have to realize - - I 'm not giving up on may . When I was gone , she never gave up on me . So I 'm gonna make Agnes cooperate . You don 't need to be part of it . How am I not finding any trace of bomb-making material ? Probably the same way I 'm not finding any trace of accelerant . Has to be something . Clearly . And yet , there is nothing . So , we take a bit of everything and test a bit of everything , old-school . Like in the chem lab , at our old school . Guess who was seen entering nadeer 's office right before the blast ? Cattle-prod enthusiast Tucker shockley . He was with the Russians who took the darkhold . And if memory serves , i quaked his ass . Senator nadeer was also aligned with the Russians . Why would they want her dead ? Villain-on-villain violence ? If the Russians and Radcliffe have the darkhold , they could have created a new , untraceable explosive . I really hate that book . However they did this , if shockley 's not one of the three bodies in the morgue right now , he 's our bomber . We need to find him . How does a facial-recognition search in the city with the most surveillance cameras on the planet sound ? Like a good start . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Horns honking in distance ] ♪ ♪ [ keypad beeping ] [ Buzzer ] [ Door closes ] Thought you didn 't make it . No . Almost didn 't . I - - I - - unh ! I told you to bring her to me if she didn 't turn , not to set off a bomb and blow her to pieces . I released the terrigen , like we planned . She turned . She became a husk , a thing . Then it exploded . Maybe the doc 's terrigen was bad . I don 't know . How did you get out ? I don 't remember . Give me a chance to prove myself . I know that I can - - how am i supposed to trust you ? [ Grunts ] You ... Are my ... Superior . ♪ ♪ that 's all i wanted to hear . ♪ ♪ I leave the city now . You 've made it far too great a risk to even be in this country . We both know S.H.I.E.L.D. will come for you and try to take you down . And I will take them down with me . ♪ ♪ if you have to shoot , be precise . We don 't even know what these explosives look like . [ Devices beeping ] ♪ ♪ [ groans ] [ Rumbling ] ♪ ♪ hi . I was planning on coming down here , try to throw my weight around , force you to comply . I came up with some pretty good material , but I think the best place to start might be an apology . I know you don 't want to hear " I 'm sorry " anymore , so I apologize . Really , I do . Okay . Radcliffe took something from me , too . Her name is Melinda may . And she means everything to me . ♪ ♪ I wish there was another way . I 'm trying not to make it personal because ... May would hate that , but ... I can 't help it . It is . What do you mean he took her ? He kidnapped her . And then he replaced her . For weeks , we lived with an android imposter right next to us . I drank with her , chatting it up . She was spying on us on Radcliffe 's behalf . Once we figured out what he 'd done , he was gone . And I still don 't know what happened to may or if she 's even still ... Look , obviously , I 'm not his biggest fan , but I can 't believe Holden would do something like that . He 's all about ... Healing , enhancing , prolonging life . It 's a lot to explain , but Dr. Radcliffe is under the influence of something dark and powerful . He is not the same man you knew . ♪ ♪ may 's like you . She 's brave , and she 's not afraid of death . But she deserves the chance to live what 's left of her life on her own terms . I know you can appreciate that . What do you need me to do ? ♪ ♪ [ rumbling ] Welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D. custody . Hello , sweetheart . You 're lucky you 're with us and not the FBI . We have you on tape walking into the senator 's office moments before the blast . What do you care ? That woman hated things like you . Were you following the Russians ' orders ? We know about Anton Ivanov . Why 'd he target nadeer ? Is the director here ? Did Radcliffe make the bomb ? You see , I 'm trying to help you . If you get us to Radcliffe , i can get you a deal . The only freak ... I 'll speak to is the director . [ Both chuckle ] Okay . [ Rumbling ] Let 's try again now , shall we ? Where ... Is ... Radcliffe ? [ Beeping ] Aida , would you do something about that infernal buzzing ? ! Sir , it says you 've received an urgent alert from a post-humanist sub-group ? Marked private . No , it can 't be . ♪ ♪ [ computer beeping ] This is - - this is fate . I need to leave immediately . You must perfect the framework in my absence . It 's imperative . Doctor , you designed me to read social cues . You 're being evasive . [ Sighs ] How to explain ... Any robotic humanoid must avoid the appearance of being almost human . Even the slightest appearance of inauthenticity elicits a sense of revulsion . You mean avoiding the uncanny valley . Exactly . But ... [ Scoffs ] ... you don 't look at all uncanny . In fact ... You look entirely authentic . Familiar , even . I 'm not unique ? Aida , you 're absolutely unique . It was just ... Good science to model you on someone real . Someone you were close to . Yes . Now she needs my help . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] Damn . Got hydrocarbons up the wazoo , but not a single oxidizing agent that would cause an explosion . No nitro-methane ? No . Sulphonic acid ? No , just carbon , nitrogen , phosphorous - - wait , wait , wait , wait . Did you find selenium ? How did you know ? Jemma , you didn 't find pieces of bomb casing in that office . You found pieces of inhuman husk . Inhuman husk ! Fitz , you 're brilliant ! Well , we both said it at the same time . So that means that somebody in that office went through a terrigenesis . And then what , just exploded ? We 've seen worse . Big question is , how did shockley ... Survive it ? [ Scoffs ] Bloody hell . If this guy wants to talk to me , then why not ? We could try out one of my other superpowers . ♪ ♪ persuasion . ♪ ♪ hoo ! Quake , director mace . You two might be the most famous inhumans in the world . Forgive me , fellas . [ High-pitched whining ] Get away from him ! He 's the bomb ! Move ! [ Whining continues ] [ Rumbling ] ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ hang on ! Fitz ! [ Grunting ] [ Whining continues ] ♪ ♪ is everybody okay ? ! Don 't do that ! What , help save the day ? No , do that . Just don 't risk your life when you 're doing it ! You could 've been blown to bits . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] [ Wind whistling ] [ Grunts ] [ Grunts ] Whoo ! Well ... That was fun . [ Tires screech ] Hey ! You been in some sort of accident , mister ? Uh ... Yeah . I 'd be real grateful if you could give me a ride . What happened to your clothes ? ♪ ♪ this is why I need to be at full strength at all times . If I 'd been powered up , none of this would 've happened . It 's okay . We got him out . I mean , it wasn 't pretty , but no one died . Except for maybe shockley , but I 'm fine with that . Agent Johnson , i fumbled the ball . There 's no excusing that . All right , pay attention . [ Beeping ] [ High-pitched whining ] [ Volume increases ] Aah ! What is that ? It 's a high-pitch frequency caused by shockley 's cellular vibration . The ramping up of his kinetic energy at an atomic level , and once it reaches a critical threshold , that massive energy transforms his body from a solid to a flammable gaseous state and then - - boom . How he re-constitutes ... Who knows ? But it 's likely that he 's still alive somewhere . All right , so we know he can control it , but how do we control him ? ♪ ♪ wh- - you guys know that I can 't - - yeah , well , you did absorb tremors in Los Angeles . Yeah . Yeah , but this would be a counter-vibration . It 's not the same thing . I can 't just ... ♪ ♪ I can try . Excellent . Now we just need to devise a way to contain him . However we do it , we need to do it fast . Shockley is now the perfect weapon - - an undetectable suicide bomber who gets to walk away . Just imagine the damage he could do . [ Indistinct conversations ] If he hasn 't shown up by now , he 's not going to . Trust me . I know him . He hates confrontation . We 've got to give him a chance . Why ? Okay . Don 't give him a chance . Give one to Melinda may . Even though she would 've stormed off 20 minutes ago . [ Chuckles ] I like this woman . I 'll wait a little longer . Thank you . For you . I knew Holden was too much of a coward to show his face . [ Cellphone rings ] Coulson : Answer it . We can see and hear everything . You 're not alone . Radcliffe : Agnes , please , listen - - hello , Holden . This is not what I had in mind . I 'm sorry for all the precautions , but I have to be careful . There are people after me , you see . I-i-I 've made some scientific breakthroughs as of late , and not everyone agrees with my methods , so - - Holden , stop . I asked you to meet me because I wanted closure , but if you don 't have the guts to face me ... I 'm done . Agnes , none of that matters right now . I 've done it . I can save you . I 've heard this before . This time , it 's true . I said I would save you . Let me keep my promise . Please , just follow my instructions . Get up from the table and start walking south . He can see her . He 's here . Agnes , do what he says . Try to keep him on the phone . ♪ ♪ [ country music playing ] I need your phone . Oh , sure . [ Dialing ] [ Ringing ] The superior : Who is this ? I have a confession to make . You won 't want to hear it any more than I want to say it , but I have to . Mr. shockley . And how did you escape S.H.I.E.L.D. custody ? The terrigen . It didn 't turn nadeer into one of those monsters . It made me one . I caused the explosion . You 're inhuman . There 's no confession that can absolve you of this . I am a soldier . In a war to protect humanity . I can still be that soldier . You still have my attention . The plan hasn 't changed . I will deliver S.H.I.E.L.D. to you . [ Sighs ] Anything else i can do for you ? Yeah . Run . [ High-pitched whining ] [ Sighs ] Frak . Perhaps you 're not finding the right counter-vibration . [ Sighs ] I 'm trying . Yeah . And we 'll keep trying until you can defuse Mr. shockley . Again ? [ High-pitched whining ] [ Rumbling ] Are you kidding me ? [ Sighs ] Scrimmage is over . It 's game time . Shockley just blew up a motel . We have to assume he 's only getting started . Bomb squad 's meeting us on the ground . You ready ? ♪ ♪ do you remember my degas print ? Radcliffe : Yes , of course . You knew i loved that print . You told me that when I was cured , you 'd buy me the real thing . I remember . I want you to know the day you left me , I threw that print in the bin . I couldn 't look at it anymore . Agnes , I hate myself for disappearing on you , but I never gave up . I just ... I 've realized I was going about it all wrong . Instead of trying to cure your tumor , I should have been trying to cure death itself . What does that even mean ? Turn left here . Go around the corner . ♪ ♪ Radcliffe : Come with me , Agnes , please . I can save you . You can live . Coulson : Hang in there , Agnes ! We 're on our way ! And how would you cure death ? By making me into an android ? ! No , I 'm done with robotics . This breakthrough I 've made is way beyond that . I call it the framework . [ Chuckles ] I 've built a world where death is obsolete . You wouldn 't even be the first to experience it . I have a subject in the framework right now , and she 's thriving . I can give you a full and happy life . That 's - - that 's all I 've ever wanted for you . ♪ ♪ do not listen to him ! Keep him there ! [ Electricity crackles ] Radcliffe ! ♪ ♪ get us out of here . We need cover . [ Tires screech ] [ Machine-gun fire ] [ Indistinct shouting ] ♪ ♪ [ tires screeching ] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ device beeps ] Simmons , you copy ? Copy . We 're about half a mile away . Okay . Well , hurry up . 'Cause if you recall , I haven 't actually been able to pull this off yet . [ Whistles ] Why don 't you come closer ? You scared ? Looks like shockley 's back to his old self . Simmons : Really ? Incredible . He 's gone from an explosive gas to a fully functional - - jackass ? Just consider the sheer amount of kinetic energy required to re-form . It 's remarkable . I 'm exhausted just thinking about it . Exhausted . I can work with that . What - - [ high-pitched whining ] Did you just explode Mr. shockley ? Well , I thought if I can 't keep him together , I might as well blow him apart . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] [ Breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ whoo ! Can 't kill me that way . If you wanted to get me naked , all you had to do was - - [ High-pitched whining ] [ Explosion in distance ] I thought Daisy was supposed to stop him from doing that . She 's going to wear him out instead . We need to hurry . I 'm good to go . [ Explosion in distance ] Shall we ? [ Vehicles approaching ] Those aren 't ours . Who , then ? The Russians . This is a trap . Shockley 's the bait . They 're here for us . ♪ ♪ see ? It 's pointless ! I 've already won ! I don 't have to kill you , just deliver you ! You and your stupid - - [ rumbling , high-pitched whining ] [ Grunts ] Simmons , I can 't take this much longer . Sir , there 's an army coming our way . Get in the car . No . Mace : I think I figured out my place on the team . I 'm the blocker . Go . [ Engine starts ] ♪ ♪ [ inhales sharply ] [ Grunting ] [ Sighs ] ♪ ♪ [ grunting , shouting ] I see that you are strong . ♪ ♪ but are you bulletproof ? ♪ ♪ let those animals destroy each other . We have the inhuman director of S.H.I.E.L.D. ♪ ♪ [ electricity crackling ] Your friends aren 't coming to help you . You 're just another freak like me now . Give up . I would rather ... [ High-pitched whining ] ... blow us all to hell . ♪ ♪ [ tires screech ] ♪ ♪ aida : Just one last step . You 're doing well . [ Computer beeping ] See ? Painless . Just as I promised . The worst is over . No one should have to go through what you have . Soon , you 'll never suffer again . [ Chuckles ] ♪ ♪ are you ready for a better world ? [ Breathing heavily ] ♪ ♪ she made her choice . I don 't know what to say . I understand why she went with him . She saw a chance , no matter how slim and risky , and she took it . I would have . I know it 's not easy to let go . To let go ? Of may ? I 'm not letting go . You heard Radcliffe . He said he had a subject in the framework , someone who was thriving . He was talking about may . ♪ ♪ she 's alive . ♪ ♪ [ monitors beeping ] There 's nothing we can do to sustain her in this life . ♪ ♪ [ flatline ] ♪ ♪ it doesn 't matter . [ Computer beeps ] In the framework , her consciousness will live forever . The body will always give up ... Eventually . ♪ ♪ Robbie : They say when the rider burns you , he burns your soul . [ Tires squeal ] [ Engine revving ] You don 't get to decide who deserves to die . Robbie : I 'm not the one who decides . [ Screams ] " Marvel 's agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - - ghost rider . " Tuesdays at 10 : 00 / 9 : 00 central on abc . Do you trust me ? [ Giggles ] Where are we going ? Enter a whole new world where the untold stories of some of your favorite characters - - Aladdin and Jasmine , Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , the count of monte cristo , and more - - will be unleashed . What 's coming , and how do I stop it ?
