 ( BEEPS ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) - Where is it ? - It 's safe . I need one more week to persuade the other owner . No . You 've both just run out of time . Come on , Suri . That 's Ben 's mum . Harry , this is Ben 's mum , Maggie . I 'm so sorry about your son . He was a good man and a great officer . I knew when he came back that night he wasn 't alright . That was the night he went out on that boat with you ? - Yes . - Yeah . He told me all about it later . He said you could never have kept control of that boat , you were taking that bend in the river so fast ! Come on . SURI : This isn 't the way to MIS . I 'm taking you home . We are on call in exactly 15 seconds . - You 're not going to work . - Yes , I am . I need to work . Suri , with all due respect , at this moment , you don 't know what you need . ( BEEPS ) ( PHONE RINGS ) Don 't break the law ! - Hello ? - It 's Eve . You need to see me . No , I can 't . I 'll be at the corner of Greville Street and Hatton Garden . - HARRY : Change of plan . - Where are we going now ? - HARRY : Hatton Garden . - Why ? An informant of mine has got some info on Lily-Anne Lau . I 'll be ten minutes . Just round the corner . ( GROANS ) ROBBER : We have to go ! Now ! ( ENGINES REV ) POLICE RADIO : Viceroy Diamonds , Lord Street , Hatton Garden . Armed robbery . Believed one person seriously injured . Ambulance called . MIS 13 . Unit Hotel Five responding . ETA , one minute . Possible suspects in armed robbery moving fast down Farringdon Road on motorbikes . - What 's up ? - Robbery . Let 's go . It 's a diamond shop on the next street . It 's a miracle we were round the corner . Yeah . Jesus . Hey . Hello ? Suri , help me out here . Mate , are you alright ? ( SHOUTS ) Suri ! ( INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO ) There 's no blood , no gunshot wounds , no stab wounds to his body . No obvious sign of blunt-force trauma to his head . Then how did he die ? It 's difficult to tell till we get a full autopsy . The safe was open . There 's nothing left inside it . Right , so they emptied the safe . Took all this stuff and that . Smashed the cabinets , but left most of the contents . Maybe they just came for what was inside the safe and then grabbed that stuff on the way out . Any sign of a struggle ? The only odd thing I noticed were his hands . His nails , they 're all ... OK . Time to go home . - I 'm fine ! - Time to go home . Come on . ( sum SIGHS ) HARRY : Excuse me , please . Suri , go home . I 'll see you at the office . ( PRAYS IN HEBREW ) Excuse me . Sorry . DI Clayton . Erm ... did you know the deceased ? He was my second cousin . His name 's Gabriel Franks . And did you see what happened ? I was in a meeting . Someone just told me about it . Sorry , I 'm a little shaken . I have to go . No , sorry . Excuse me . Can I talk to you , please ? - I 'm afraid I have some more questions . - I can meet you here tonight . Leave your details at the desk . My card . I 'll be back here at 7 : 30 . Kevin ... I 'd like to talk to you again about Kaleigh Fenchurch . The police only have your confession . Their whole case is non-existent without it . I think there 's something you 're not telling me about all this . Talk to me . I can help you . No one can help me . Not now . What do you mean ? WINTER : As with the best MIS officers , Ben was driven by the pursuit of justice over and above any concern he had for his own personal safety . It is of course a great loss to his family and all of us here at MIS . Am I right that this is the fourth murder we 've had in the last two weeks ? Kaleigh Fenchurch , Freddie Lau , Ben Grady and the Hatton Garden jeweler ... All of these cases are being processed by our team . We now have Kevin Grey , who has confessed to both the murders of Kaleigh Fenchurch and Freddie Lau , in our custody . Where 's the headmaster ? I would have thought today of all days you 'd put a lid on it . But we 've all heard that Freddie Lau was linked to everybody from the Triads to Albanian drug smugglers . Where does Grey fit in ? This is an ongoing investigation . I am afraid that 's all I can give you for the moment . - REPORTER : One more question . - Thank you . One more question about ... ( WINTER SIGHS ) Ben Grady . First MIS officer lost in action in ten years . The only thing we 've got to abate this disaster ... is that we have Kevin Grey in custody and he 's confessed to the murders of both Fenchurch and Freddie Lau . We 're now building a strong case against him . He didn 't kill Kaleigh Fenchurch . DS Chohan ... I know about your personal attachment to DS Grady . And all I can say is how very , very sorry I am for your loss . Thank you . I heard what happened this morning at the crime scene in Hatton Garden . It 's clear you need to take some leave . - No , I 'm fine . - This is non-negotiable . You 'll take some days off . Starting right now . We 've been here before , haven 't we ? - This is nothing like ... - Rotherhithe ? Really ? An immensely fraught situation full of incalculable risks . A volatile and dangerous suspect . And a reckless gamble on your pan taking fellow officers right into the line of fire . - I get the picture . - If it was up to me ... - We were both there . - ... this would be it for you right here , right now ! You 're a liability . But I have protocol to follow . There will be an inquiry . Evidence to consider . But while that 's going on , I can 't trust you to be out there alone . DI Orwell 's going to be joining you on the Hatton Garden case . You 've both lost your DSes , so you 'll be working as a team for now . - With DI Orwell at the reins . - What ? Or you could take some voluntary leave until the inquiry 's over . It 's completely up to you . So before I do this I 'm going to need some kind of guarantee that you 're not completely insane . Rich , I think this bracelet is controlling my life . - The woman that put it on me ... - That one you shagged from the casino ? - Can we forget that bit ? - Nope ! The woman that put it on me said it 's yin and yang . Good and bad . For every bit of good luck I have , there 's a price to pay . And somehow your twisted mind has come to the conclusion that this poor sod Ben is the yin to your yang ? I think he died instead of me . So no guarantee then ? You are insane . Just get the bloody thing off me , will you ? ( SIGHS ) ( WHIRS ) Sure you know what you 're doing ? Yeah . I watched an online tutorial while you were at the loo . - What ? - Hold on . Oh , dear God ! ( HARRY GROANS ) Come on ! ( SCREAMS ) Don 't cut his hand off ! You two are proper idiots . Have you an explanation for what just happened ? None . But can we never do that again ? I 'll get these pictures out there . - See what I can find out for you . - Thanks . Top man . Here , who works at the Metropolitan Diamond Bourse ? ( CHUCKLES ) An intensely secretive bunch of diamond traders . No outsiders . - I mean , what goes on there ? - It 's where the real diamond trade is . All the big world diamonds go through it . Why ? Someone died at a diamond shop down the road . Motorcycle gang robbery gone wrong . I 'm meant to be investigating it . That 's the second shop to be knocked over round here in three days . Second ? Extra security ? DI Clayton . Oh ... Liev Solomons . Your colleague 's here already . They all were son of ... Harry . Good of you to join us . Mr Solomons here was just describing the attackers that came into his store the other day . Please , carry on . Well , they ... they ... they all wore motorbike helmets , you know , with black visors . You couldn 't see their faces . It all happened so quickly . All they took were a few diamond rings from the counter here and from the safe . The more expensive stuff ... oh , well ... Sorry , I 'm a wee bit confused here . - Did you do what they asked ? - Of course I did . Why did they beat you up so badly ? SOLOMONS : They were violent men , pumped up and one of them just kept on punching me . It was lucky I came back when I did or they would have finished him off . SOLOMONS : Even then they managed to escape . And then they did the same to poor Franks . How well did you know Gabriel Franks ? Well , we 're a very close community . We 've all known each other for years . So you weren 't friends ? Well , we were friendly to each other . OK . I think we 've got everything we need for now . - Really ? - Yes . We 'll be in touch if anything else comes up . Bye . ORWELL : You think Solomons is lying to us , don 't you ? What ? Are you the only detective at MIS worth his salt ? ( SCOFFS ) So arrogant . No one gets beaten up that badly unless they 've done something wrong . Not when there 's so little time . Maybe he just pissed ' em off . Yeah . Maybe these guys have a different agenda . We 'll know more when we check the CCTV at MIS , yeah ? Yeah . Listen , I 'll meet you back there . I 'm going to take another look at Franks 's shop . Hi , sir . ( CAWS ) It 's for setting the diamonds once they have been cut . I had a look round Gabriel Franks 's shop . I got the impression he wasn 't doing so well . Gabriel was in serious debt . Who was he borrowing off on his debts ? I think there were fewer and fewer options open to him . Do you think he still owned anything valuable enough that someone might kill him for ? Not any more . Can you tell me what this is ? It looks like a Golcanda blue , but it 's impossible for me to tell whether it is real or not . What 's a Golcanda blue ? They 're the rarest diamonds in the world . I found this photograph in Franks 's shop . Is it possible that he would have possessed a diamond such as this ? ( SCOFFS ) No one in the whole Bourse has ever had a diamond like that . Doors closing . 13th floor . Doors opening . SURI : I 'm not very good at grieving . Who is ? What do you do ? Nothing . Which must be a complete nightmare for a maniac like you . While Orwell takes my place . - It 's me that 's taken your place . - What do you mean ? No way ! Winter made him SIO on this ? - Why ? - They want me to know where I stand . SURI : Which is ? On quicksand . He has it in for you . HARRY : An officer died working with me . Winter 's not going to let that go . Were you really driving the boat too fast ? Too fast to keep control ? I don 't know , Suri . Maybe . Maybe Ben was just unlucky . I need to talk to you . HARRY : " Chic minimal " I like to call it . So ? I need some advice . From DI Clayton . - About Kevin Grey ? - Yes . There 's a conflict of interest here . MIS have already started the process of preparing our case against him . - Double murder . - You don 't think he killed Kaleigh . I 'm on longer on this case because you 're on this case . Harry ... I think he loved her . I have no idea why he 's confessing when ... When the police have no physical evidence or witnesses . Exactly . Yeah , exactly . He 's scared . I don 't know what of . But whatever deal he 's struck out there , by confessing to all this ... it 's not working out for him . What are you going to do ? Represent him the best way I can . Oh , Jesus . I 'm not happy with you being involved in this one . I know , but I 'm a big girl , Harry . Right . Bye then . Get some furniture . Right , enough is enough . How do I get this off ? You can 't . - This is ridiculous ! - You 've tried , haven 't you ? You knew about the diamond shop robbery . That 's why you sent me to Hatton Garden . I wanted you to understand that these things are not happening in isolation . - What does that mean ? - There 's someone out there who has a vested interest in all of this . They are running it . Oh , stop it ! What about you ? Why are you involved in this ? Because ... this person killed my mother . And I want to see him stopped . That 's why I gave you the bracelet . - But you don 't know me ! - I do . And you know me . No . Whoa , wait , wait , wait ! You said that luck like this has its own unique price . Yin and yang . What is that price ? The good luck it brings me , what does that cost others ? - ( PHONE RINGS ) - om Rich , I 'll call you back . Hey , wait ! These people are killers , Harry . Be careful . What people ? Why are we meeting here ? It 's closed . I 've found an expert She was very excited about those pictures I sent her . Hi . We 're outside . WOMAN : I have something very interesting to show you , Detective Clayton . Take a look at these . Tang Dynasty prosperity coins . Hm , I see you 've noticed the symbols . Yin-yang variants , just like yours . Except yours has an extra yang line . These coins are used in Chinese mysticism to foretell your fate , but the extra yang line on your bracelet disrupts the ming yun . There is a ... legend about a bracelet like yours . - I heard it long ago . - Great . Yang Guifei was a low-born Sichuan woman . And the story goes that one day her uncle gave her a bracelet that he had bought cheaply because it was forged in error . With an extra line ? Soon after , she caught the eye of the Emperor and became his consort She soon wielded enormous influence over the Emperor and ultimately controlled his throne . Fearing ruin , the Emperor was forced by his own soldiers to execute her . Her bracelet disappeared . - What do you think ? - I have no idea how to process that . No , no , no . I mean her . Sexy , right ? What ? Look , it 's only a story . HARRY : Yeah . He went missing for the second half of the day . He 's supposed to be investigating the case with you . Yeah , he appears to be . But I don 't know what he 's doing and I think that 's how he 's going to play it . This is the only Golconda diamond unaccounted for . The Blue Eye . French guy called Tavernier stole it from the eye of a statue of a Goddess Kali in an Indian temple back in the 1600s . - What , and then nothing ? - I 've checked every auction record . Every large gemstone transfer since . HARRY : Right , let 's look into Franks 's business . This is your case . Do not let Clayton take the initiative . I want the whole unit to see him working for you . - That 's why you 're SIO . - OK . ( DOOR OPENS ) - Yeah , you should get that now . - Yeah , it 's just coming up . So , Gabriel Franks , Hatton Garden . Ah , see . Guarantor , Max Solomons . - How did you work that out ? - Just a hunch . - What are you doing ? - Solving your case . How 's your boyfriend ... boss ? That 's funny . Doug has something for us . I have a mate in Robbery Squad who 's been tracking a motorcycle gang in West 11 . They 've been knocking down security vans . Three bikers . Very similar descriptions . HARRY : Why would they change to diamonds ? Because the security vans are now being tracked by Robbery Squad . Plus , it 's a smart move . That 's what we 're doing after this . We 're going to liaise with them . Aye aye , Skip . DOUG : Franks died of a massive head attack , which , given the state of his enlarged fatty liver and his alcoholic dependency , could have come at any time . You think the stress of the robbery just naturally brought this on for Franks ? Who 's the SIO on this ? I am . " Natural " is not a word I 'd use for his death , no . If you look under his fingernails , there 's areas of hemorrhage and soft-tissue damage consistent with sharp objects , needles , being forced under them . - He was tortured ? - Till he died . - HARRY : What are these ? - Melanin pigmentation . - Is that common ? - Rare in Caucasians but not unheard of . If he died while they were still torturing him , that means they didn 't get what they came for . And what do you think that is ? Avery big , very rare diamond . I found this taped under Franks 's desk . Look at the nail . - The same melanin pigmentation . - It doesn 't prove Franks had this . We just found out that Solomons 's name was on the deeds to Franks 's shop . They went to school together . That means he lied to us about Franks . Think about it . Solomons 's left hand was bandaged as well . So what else was he lying about ? OK . OK . I 'll go to West 11 Robbery Squad . You go back and lean on Solomons . Good decision , Chief . This is your forte , isn 't it , Harry ? What 's that ? Getting in the heads of people like Franks . Weak men ruled by vices they can 't control . Yes . So , Mr Solomons , I have been reading up about the Golconda diamonds . - You 're aware of them , yeah ? - Yes , of course . Yeah , and somewhere I read that these diamonds are so rare that each one of them has a unique clarity . Oh , I don 't know . Maybe . So owning one of these would be like owning , oh , I don 't know , a Picasso , say , especially if the Picasso was stolen , which would mean you wouldn 't be able to sell it . Well , legally anyway . I don 't understand . The last legally sold Golconda diamond was the Graff blue and that went in 2008 for 16.4 million . And that was only 31 carats . What would you say a diamond double the size would fetch now ? 50 million ? 80 ? I 've got no idea ! Why are you asking me these questions ? But then , you know , maybe it 's not all about the money . Owning something as rare as that , that 's more about power , isn 't it ? I don 't know ! Oh , Mr Solomons , I think you do . Is there any reason why you would lie to me about how well you knew Gabriel Franks ? Do you remember helping him set up his own diamond business ? Your name is on the deeds to the shop . Are you investigating my father , Detective ? Do we need a lawyer present ? Is it because he offered you a stake in this ? How long before they have a second go at you , now that they know that Franks didn 't have the Blue Eye ? Unless you 're going to arrest me , please leave my shop . Next time they 'll kill him . No diamonds worth dying for . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( BEEPS ) ( SIGHS ) ( PHONE RINGS ) Harry , it 's Suri . I can 't sit around any longer . I 'm going to the Green Dragon to have a look around . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) CROUPIER : Final bets . Double . No one twists on 18 . - What 's the maximum bet on that table ? - There is no maximum . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR SHUTS ) How much longer is he going to be ? My time schedule with him started 15 minutes ago GUARD : I 'll call the wing , see what the hold-up is . ( CHOKES ) ( ENGINE STARTS ) ( ENGINE STARTS ) Right . Back . Move ! Move back ! Go on . Police . Get back . Police ! Get back ! ( SHOUTING ) Come on , come on ! ( GROANING ) Max ? Max ! Jesus ! This is DI Clayton . I need an ambulance . Bartholomew 's Passage , Hatton Garden . Victim has stab wounds to the stomach . Also requesting police back-up . Armed motorcyclists fleeing the scene . Yes , I 'll leave it on . Max ? Kevin Grey died after 48 hours in your custody . Apparently , he slit his own throat using a razor blade . Can you explain how this was allowed to happen ? No , but this is my prison . Grey was my prisoner . I realize I 'm fully responsible . That 's all very noble of you , Governor , but it doesn 't help me . - Why wasn 't Grey closely monitored ? - He hadn 't been flagged a suicide risk . He wasn 't until he came into your prison ! But whatever he was subjected to in his few days here clearly made him into one ! Grey was with us for only a few days . I 'm afraid that wasn 't enough time for me . I believe passionately that we can change the men who come in here . That 's something you believe too . Progressive rehabilitation . My client died in your prison . You 're not going to persuade me into thinking we 're suddenly allies . ( LOCK CLICKS ) ( SUITCASE CLICKS OPEN ) OK , how could you possibly know that ? - Lucky guess . - Bollocks . Also , it 's the door numbers on Solomons 's and Franks 's shops . Alright , let 's have a look . Oh , well , I guess even Harry Clayton can 't be right all the time , eh ? Wait , wait , wait . Come here , come here , come here . Look . That 's the diamond . They were going to recut it . There 's Ackerman 's initials . ( m RUSSIAN ) No more bets . - 23 red . - ( LAUGHS ) Are you going to follow me around all night ? Why not ? You 're on a hot streak . ( m RUSSIAN ) Hello , Detective . - I 'm off duty . - Evidently . Are you OK ? You don 't look at all well . I 'm fine , thank you . In fact , I 've been doing very well since I 've come to this table . Yes . I 've been enjoying your little Harry Clayton act . And of course by this point , Harry has almost always lost his shin . Do you know why your boss is such a bad gambler ? Because he has a delusional understanding of risk . Even when it 's obvious to everyone around him that he should just fold , Harry Clayton still thinks he can beat the odds . Must make him a very dangerous man to work with . Harry does just fine , thank you . Oh , I nearly forgot . Please accept my condolences . I heard that one of your officers died . I 'm very sorry to hear that . We 're going to make Kevin Grey talk . Hm , I think you 'll find that hard . Thank you . HARRY : You 've known about this diamond all along . That 's why you protected Franks , helped him stay a member of the Bourse . I have no idea what you 're talking about . I think that Franks traded his share of this diamond to a ruthless man . A man who will not want the diamond to be cut up like this . - Max Solomons 's cutter , who is he ? - How would I know that ? Because you 're a pan of this . JAA ! Joseph Aaron Ackerman . - You ! - ORWELL : We need a name , Joe . Even if I knew , I couldn 't tell outsiders like you . I would be ejected from the Bourse . I 'd lose my business . Well , this man is in extreme danger . You have no choice . - ( GRUNTS ) - Really ? Joe Ackerman , I 'm arresting you for perverting the course of justice . You do not have to say anything , but it may harm your defense if you do not mention when questioned ... ( PHONE RINGS ) Anna ? Where are you ? ANNA : He called me in last night . He was desperate to see me . It sounded as though he was finally going to tell me the truth . - And then ... - I know . ( ANNA SIGHS ) Anna , have you ever wondered why you were hired ? I ... What do you mean ? Well , do you think someone knew that the minute you came on this case , that I 'd be taken off it ? Think about it . How did Grey hire your firm ? When I first questioned him , he didn 't even want a solicitor . Let 's face it , you guys aren 't cheap , so he must have had some serious backing . I don 't know who 's paying for this case . That 's all Nate 's remit . Right . It 's OK . It 's going to be OK . ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) Ackerman 's in . I just heard Kevin Grey killed himself last night in Whitecross . Probably couldn 't live with what he 'd done to that girl . Or Lau . Yeah . There 'll be no conviction now . The case will show unsolved . ORWELL : It saves on a court case , sir . We all know he killed them both , despite what Clayton says . If I can get Ackerman to release the cutter 's name , at least we can still set up a sting on the motorcycle gang . You think they 'll still come back for the diamond ? It 's priceless . Worth the risk . Whoever 's been running them has been one step ahead of us all along . One step ahead of Clayton , two steps ahead of you . ( KEYPAD BEEPS ) While we wait for your lawyer , I thought we 'd have a chat about your international VAT status . A mate of mine at HMRC has done some checks on you . ( KNOCKING AT DOOR ) - Can I come in ? - OK . - How 's he doing ? - Oh , they won 't know . The next 24 hours is crucial . But thank you . Gabriel Franks wanted to recut and get rid of the Blue Eye diamond . But your dad wouldn 't let him . Correct ? Oh , my father , he loved it . It enchanted him . He could never agree to have it broken up . Till Franks was killed . Then he knew he had to recut it . Sell it on . Somehow . Now it 's too late . You need to give me the cutter . - His life is in danger . - I already told them . - Told who ? - The people who did that . - They were here . An hour ago . - Where 's the cutter ? Tell me ! Tell me . Below Smithfield Market . ( PHONE RINGS ) SURF . We need to talk . - I need to get to Smithfield . - It 's important . I went to the Green Dragon Casino . They 're running a fixed roulette table . I watched two high rollers lose big on blackjack . Then they went to one specific roulette wheel with numbers on their phone . - A roulette table ? - High-scale money laundering . They go in with dirty money , lose it and leave with clean cash . VOICEMAIL : This is Harry 's phone . Please leave a message . I got Ackerman to talk . You sure it 's a roulette table that 's being rigged ? SURI : Yes . Why ? I 've won money on one of those tables . A lot of money . - ( HARRY 'S PHONE BEEPS ) - I 've got to go . ( PHONE BEEPS ) ( BEEPS ) ( PHONE LINE RINGS ) VOICEMAIL : You have one new message . First new message . ORWELL : I got Ackerman to talk . The diamonds in a vault under Smithfield Market . I 'm on my way . Oh , Jesus , Orwell ! - ( SIREN WAILS ) - Jesus ! ROBBER " . Come on . Down here . - Where is it ? - ORWELL : Easy , easy . - Where is it ? - Relax , relax . ROBBER : Find it ! Look everywhere ! Come on ! - MAN : Where 's the diamond ? - ORWELL : Go to hell ! - ( GUN COCKS ) - Bye-bye ! Wait ! Who are you ? HARRY : I know where the diamond is . I can get it for you . You 've both got ten seconds or you both die . - Five seconds . - Wait . ( CLOCK CHIMES ) - ROBBER : Come on . - HARRY : Wait ! I have it ! I have it . - I have it . - Come on then . Wait . ( CLOCK CONTINUES TO CHIME ) ( CHIMING STOPS ) Is this what you are looking for ? ( GRUNTS ) Stop ! I said stop ! Are you going to shoot me , Harry ? ( DOOR SLAMS )
