 ( DRILLING ) ( MEN SHOUT ) ( RATS SQUEAK ) ( RETCHES ) ( SHOUTING AND CHEERING ) ( GROANS ) - Nice place for a date . - I wanted to show you something . An illegal cage fight ? - It 's a fixed fight . - What ? You see the fighter in the red gloves ? His name is Flanagan . He 's going to go down in the third round . Do you see the big man in the blue suit opposite ? This is his show . He fixed this fight . I want you to go down and see the bookie and put everything you have on Flanagan . What 's the point if Flanagan 's going to take a dive ? I said I wanted to show you something . What that bracelet 's capable of . ( BELL ) ( CROWD SHOUTS ) Don 't think Flanagan 's going to last till the third round . No , he 's a good fighter . A few years ago , he taught me how to fight before he started working for this lot . ( CHEERING ) So you really think the bracelet can change what 's happening ? Even in a sure thing , there 's an element of chance . ( CHEERING AND SHOUTING ) ( CROWD GOES QUIET ) ( SHOUTING ) ( Booms ) - I did that ? - Get your money . Forget the money . I did that ? Vincent Lermontov once told me that when you wear the bracelet , there 's no such thing as a coincidence . - What does that mean ? - It 's not just about luck . You start making things happen around you . Yeah . Leave the money . You wanted them to see me do that . Why ? To send a message to the boss behind all this . What ? The man that killed your mother ? What did you do with the money ? What ? The money you won at the Green Dragon Casino . The night Freddie Lau died . The money you won with this woman Eve . The fixed roulette table . Suri ... I didn 't win it at a fixed table . You won 70,000 , two consecutive maximums , on two spins of the wheel . I burnt it . ( PHONE RINGS ) ( SIGHS ) MIS 13 . On duty . OK . We 're on our way . So what are you going to do about that footage ? I 'm still working that out . So who is this Eve to you ? Just some girl I met playing roulette . You need to tell me the truth , Harry . Is that you receiving a bribe from Freddie Lau ? No . That 's me winning the money for real . How am I supposed to believe that ? If that 's true , why did you burn the money then ? Because it belonged to Lau . And at that stage I thought the roulette table was rigged . Anyway , whatever the truth is , Winter would want to nail me for it anyway . - Hi . You 're the foreman ? - Yeah . Over there . Jesus . If it hadn 't have been for the rats , he would never have been found . We 're demolishing this building on Tuesday . You 'll have to stop all work until our SOCOs have everything they need . - The deputy mayor won 't like that . - The deputy mayor ? The St Pancras Metropoint 's being built here . It 's his baby . Press call on Tuesday . They 're coming to watch him blow this place up . POLLY : This is Luke Bangura , 18 years old . Sierra Leonean origin . His mother came in this morning . Said she 'd listed him as a missing person 14 months ago . We 've only just identified him from his dental records . The building he was found in has been sealed off for the last six months . - I think he was moved there recently . - Just in time to be blown up . The decomposition has actually been interrupted . I think he was moved from a predominantly clay-soiled shallow grave . There are still samples of the soil on and inside his body . Most of the vital organs have had large chunks removed . The rats , probably . But the left kidney is completely missing . Completely ? I noticed some clean incisions where it used to be . It would take some time and energy to remove a kidney , eh ? You don 't go to this kind of trouble without a good reason . How come Luke 's mother found out about the body so quickly ? Don 't you know this ? According to Kelly Harrington of the Evening Reporter , " The body found is another victim of ritual killing in the African community . " " A source said the nature of the wounds were consistent with a Juju sacrifice . " What source ? We 're the only people that know about this . The leak must have come from within MIS . You don 't know that . Who else could prep a journalist so quickly ? Come on , let 's go see Winter . That 's the deputy mayor . Give them a minute . - WINTER : I am in charge , sir . - Whichever way you want to spin it . There 's a crime wave happening on your watch and the media are all over it . The mayor is seeing a city held hostage by fear . His city . Triad slayings in Soho and Shoreditch . Murder in Hatton Garden . Voodoo mutilations . Can you see how this plays in the minds of the public ? Yes , sir . I want this witchcraft murder nailed ASAP . The Metropoint Project is a major triumph for our mayor . How much of that did you hear ? Frierson 's got a loud voice . He always had , even back in the day when he was my DCI . What is it , Harry ? How did it get leaked ? The so-called witchcraft killing I 'm investigating ? - No one else knows about it . - You believe the leak came from here ? It 's come from somewhere . That 's a lot of expectation to be carrying on those shoulders , Alistair . CONGREGATION : # And meekly in his spirit live it And in his love increase I ? Till he convey us home I ? Cry every soul aloud it Come , thou desire of nations , come I ? And take us up to God How can I comfort our sister Marianne or fill the hole in our heads left by her fine young son Luke ? A student of politics . A young man with a sharp , inquiring mind . And a future that promised great things . ( WOMAN CRIES ) What did they do to you ? ( CRIES ) I 'm sorry to have to ask you this . But we believe that Luke 's kidney was removed by the killer . Can you shed any light on why this might have happened to him ? Are you asking me if I know why someone evil butchered my son ? I 'm afraid we think this was no ordinary murder . MAN : This talk of Juju sacrifice . Juju is a colonial word the British press love to bring out when they want to diminish our native culture . Are the police just going to go along with this same racist stereotyping ? MARIANNE : This is just a savage murder . It has nothing to do with who we are or how we live . Please . I 'm sorry . I apologize if we 've offended you . I just have a few more questions , please . Can you tell us anything about the day that Luke went missing ? What he was doing , where he might have been . It was February 14th . Valentine 's . We were meant to go to the cinema that night . But first he was going to give blood at a clinic in Peckham . He never met me at the cinema . - I never saw him again . - He was going to give blood ? MARIANNE : He 'd been in touch with someone from a medical aid charity working in Ebola zones in Sierra Leone . African ... Health Union , I think . They were interested in Luke because of his very rare blood group . And what was his blood group ? He was HH . It 's sometimes called Bombay blood . Can I go ? I need to prepare the funeral . Yes , of course . Thank you . Bombay blood is a variant of the O blood group . It needs a special test to be detected . Which is why it didn 't show up in the post modem . Only four in a million people have it . - ( PHONE BEEPS ) - Some odds . - Oh , no . No , no . - What 's the matter ? Our forensics team have been pulled out of the demolition site . - What ? - The demolition has to go ahead as planned , no further delays . Winter 's just rolled over . I 'm going back there for another look . You get onto the paper , find that journalist Kelly Harrington . ( CLATTERING ) Hello ? Hello ? ( GUNSHOT ) ( GUNSHOTS ) ( CAR HORN ) ( TIRES SCREECH ) - MAN : What the hell ? - MAN : Sorry , mate . I 'm sorry , I can 't give up my source . I just can 't . Kelly , your source knew too much too quickly . Your article was online two hours after we got to the body . That 's not my problem . What you 're asking is against all journalistic practice . ( LAUGHS ) Come on , Kelly , it 's not bloody Watergate ! I 've read your copy before . It 's peppered with inaccuracy and prejudice . I don 't need to listen to this . That 's why they chose you to break the story . - What ? - They needed someone to promote a particular slant to this crime . Kelly Harrington was only too happy to oblige . After all , it 's what you want your readers to think about African immigrants . - Who do you know at City Hall ? - What ? Someone at City Hall rang you with the story , yes ? I came here without a lawyer to help with your questioning . Not to be harassed by this psycho . You think your gunman last night 's linked to City Hall too ? Well , someone gave the order to pull our SOCOs out . ANNA : Granny 's got lunch for us when we finish . I thought Dad was coming to help us . He was . But um ... Dad 's really busy with work and he can 't get any time off . - Poor Dad . - He 's alright . And , Daise , you know it is just you and me moving in here ? MARIANNE : Luke 's father was a politician back in Freetown . That 's why he took politics . I used to say , " Sierra Leone is tugging on Luke 's soul . " You said Luke went to give blood at a Sierra Leonean aid agency . Do you remember anyone from the agency contacting him ? Yes . A doctor came to our house once . I think Luke met him on a Bombay blood online forum . What was the doctor 's name ? Dr Marghai . There 's no Dr Marghai registered with the NHS . What about a charity called African Health Union ? Wait . Listen , I used to work with that guy . I 'll ... I 'll catch up with you later . Jim Stepton . Long time . Do you want a tip ? Harry Clayton ! 25 to one . Forget Her Past . Worth putting some of that police pension on . Hello , love . I take it this isn 't a coincidence . Maria Alexandri . My first case . Your last before you retired . You left it unsolved . I really don 't remember it . Remember I took some personal leave ? My daughter was born ten weeks prematurely . That 's when Karl Frierson brought you in . You see , I 've been taking another look at it and it seems to me that you and Frierson dropped every lead I 'd uncovered straight down the toilet till it went cold . Is that an accusation ? No , no , no . It 's an observation . So tell me , Jim . Why did you roll over for Karl Frierson ? The race hasn 't finished yet , Jim . Our horse is gonna win . Every time I followed something , he blocked it . There was a suspect . We waited too long . He disappeared . - Frierson wanted to kill it ? - Nothing I could prove . If I were you , I 'd let it go , Harry . He 's a very powerful man and he always gets what he wants . COMMENTATOR : It 's Forget Her Past from Larry 's field . Already a length in it . It 's going to be Joan Hill 's Forget Her Past ! He let a murderer go , Jim . I just want to say thank you for the way you 've treated me these last few days . I 'll remember it . Give my regards to your wife and daughter . Anna and Daisy , isn 't it ? Harry . CPS didn 't think we had enough evidence to make the charges stick . Well , that 's shite ! We have Lily-Anne 's memory stick . It clearly shows that Tim Larson owed Lily-Anne £ 110,000 . As you know , Tim Larson is still maintaining that he killed Caleb Pursey because he owed him money and Pursey threatened his family . - He 's lying ! - We need a conviction on this . And that 's what we 're gonna get with Tim Larson . Not Lily-Anne Lau . We got into this to go after the bad guys . Do you remember ? So everything I 've talked about today is simple . It 's really easy to grasp . Those notions of responsibility and community . Jake , can you tell me what you think 's going to be the most difficult thing to achieve when you 're released ? Well , I guess this community thing sounds like a bit of shit ! ( ALL LAUGH ) Harry , it 's me . Still no luck finding anyone who 's heard of Marghai . Call me when you get this , please ? Hey . No , no , no . You can 't come back here , Harry . Lily-Anne 's been released . But you knew that already . How would I know that , Harry ? Because you 're the sewer through which she contacts me . You know , you look a little stressed . Can I get you a drink ? Do you want some mint tea ? That bitch threatened my family . And now I want you to give her a message from me . If she ever goes near my family , I will find her and I will finish her . Harry , you 're a detective . A man of the law . We know you don 't mean that . ( GROANS ) - ( GROANS AND GASPS ) - Tell her . - ( SPLUTTERS ) - Make her understand . No one comes near my family ! ( Y ELLS ) Hi , Billy ? Do you remember me ? I spoke to you last week . We were talking about Kevin Grey ? Please , lady . Leave me alone . I think you know how he died . Golding . - What ? - It was Golding . ( PEOPLE CHAT QUIETLY ) I see you and Frierson are friends again , Alastair . Smashing stuff . What are you doing here , Harry ? Oh , I just wanted a heads-up on the new crime initiative for our city . Reclaim the Neighborhood . What does that mean exactly ? It means we 're no longer on the back foot to crime . Brilliant . London can sleep easily . Don 't you get tired of playing the idiot ? Well , I certainly get tired . So why don 't you stop ? Go save your marriage . Be a better dad . Stop gambling . Do nice things . Why did you never get married , Alistair ? I forgot . You found the greatest love . It 's always troubled you , hasn 't it , Harry , that I draw so much strength from my faith ? Or is it that I 've found something more to believe in while you so obviously haven 't ? ( GAVEL BANGS ) MAN : Guests , can we put our hands together for our speaker , the deputy mayor , Karl Frierson ? ( APPLAUSE CONTINUES ) FRIERSON : Ladies and gentlemen , welcome and thank you for your presence here at the launch of my new initiative , Reclaim the Neighborhood . But first a little of who I am and what London means to me . I was a policeman for 20 years before I got very sick . It was a year ago , February 15th , and I was in a bed at the Cardwell Clinic , dying . My doctor said that all my options had been exhausted . - What was wrong with him ? - Chronic kidney failure . FRIERSON : But February 15th was no ordinary day . Against all odds , all expectations , a donor was found and my life was saved . And I knew that I 'd been given a chance not just to live again but to live in a way that I wanted to live in a city that I love . I 've spent most of today looking for a Sierra Leonean aid agency called African Health Union ? It has a base here in Peckham . I 'm sorry , I 've never heard of it . And I know nearly all the West African aid agencies round here . What about a Dr Marghai ? You 've heard of a Dr Marghai ? No . I 've never heard of him . Is there somewhere else we can talk ? It 's very important we find him . He might be involved in the brutal murder of a member of your community . I think the charity you 're looking for no longer exists . This factsheet may help . Anna . Harry ! I didn 't know you were here . No , I wasn 't invited . I crashed this party . Um ... Harry , this is Nikhal Julian . The governor of Whitecross Prison . - Nice to meet you . - This is Harry Clayton . We were just talking about Anna signing up to be a mentor on the prison 's outreach program . Nikhal , the outreach program , amazing project , incredible results . Glad we backed you on this one . We know each other , don 't we ? Yeah , indeed , I 'm Harry Clayton . We worked together many years ago . You were the senior investigating officer on my first case in MIS . - Right . - It was the murder of ... Maria Alexandri . It was never solved . I 'm afraid I don 't remember it . Well , you 've done great things since . And terrific speech , by the way . FRIERSON : Thank you . HARRY : Tell me about Maria Alexandri , your mother . Every year or so , every time we moved , my mother would tell me the stupid story about us being torches in a long line of torches , guardians of a lucky bracelet . Justifying why we were running again . And I ... grew resentful . What is a torch ? You 're looking at one . We 're the only ones that can transfer the bracelet from one wearer to the next , when they die . So when did you start believing in it ? When I was 18 , I ran away from her . - Hmm . - I 'd had enough of her crazy bullshit . When I came back , she was in a bad way . Delusional . She kept telling me that her days were numbered . Within a week , she was murdered , just like she told me . I 'm sorry . But how do you know that the man that killed your mother is the same man that killed Freddie Lau , the same man that wants the bracelet ? For the last three years I 've been tracking a man called Golding . - Golding . - I 'm certain he ordered my mother 's death . It 's a pseudonym . A cover . I 've never been able to find out who he is . That 's why you were with the diamond thieves . They worked for him . ( $ 055 ) Her name is Grace . She came to this refuge a few weeks back , just after it had happened . She 's my cousin . Did you have an operation ? To have a kidney removed ? SURI : I 'm so sorry . Can you tell me who did this to you ? These are bad people . They lied to me . Cheated . Did Dr Marghai do this ? Marghai . Yes . Where is he , Grace ? A private health clinic . Corinth Road . Marghai is only there a few days a month . He flies in from Freetown . Can I help you ? ( SPEAKS WITH ACCENT ) I would like to see Dr Marghai , please . No Dr Marghai here , love . You 've got the wrong clinic . Please . I need to see him . I am desperate . He has to help me . I 'll see if my manager has any information on this doctor . - What was his name again ? - Marghai . Why are you here ? I have a kidney problem . Where did you hear about our practice ? My friend Grace . She came here five weeks ago . They want me back here at nine tonight to see the doctor . Then he 'll decide whether he 's treating me tomorrow . - Marghai 's in the country ? - No one 's mentioned his name but they 've taken blood from me . No , this is the place . He 's going to turn up here tonight . We need to do this properly , through Covert Ops . I don 't feel comfortable winging it like this . You know how long that 's going to take and they won 't let us do it anyway . Marghai just needs to believe that you want to sell your kidney . Once I 'm in there , I 'm in their hands . This might be our only shot at him . Where the hell were you while I 've been tracking all this down by myself ? I 'm withholding evidence that will sink you and you 're still sneaking off doing God knows what . - You don 't have to do this . - Damn right I don 't ! - How did you manage on your own ? - A mixture of boarding schools . My mum and dad left enough money for my guardians to send me away . ( LAUGHS ) It 's not a sob story . It 's just how it was . I 'm amazed you turned out halfway sane . - That 's not even the good half . - DAISY : Mum . Uh ... - What are you doing up , young lady ? - I 'm thirsty . You need to go back to bed right now , please . - God ! - ( HE LAUGHS ) ( KNOCKING ) I thought you weren 't going to do this . Someone targeted Luke 's kidney and used Marghai to get it . This may be our only chance to find out who . Thank you . I 'll call you as soon as I set eyes on Marghai . NURSE : Take off your clothes and put on that gown . But I 'm just here to talk to the doctor today . He needs to examine you . Put on that gown . ( LOCK CLICKS ) ( PHONE RINGS ) Daisy ? I went to your flat but you weren 't there . What ? Where are you ? You don 't love me anymore . That 's not true , darling . Just ... Where are you now ? VOICEMAIL : Hi , this is Harry Clayton . Leave a ... ( RATTLES DOOR ) Why aren 't you undressed ? The doctor is here . Don 't be afraid . You 're in very good hands . You just abandoned us . You 're just letting us go ! Tell me , where are you now ? I don 't know . I got on a bus outside your house . - What number ? - A 29 . - It stops at Turnpike Lane . - Where are you , Daisy ? I 'm outside a pub . It 's called the Prince of Wales . Stay there . Someone will come and get you soon . The Prince of Wales pub . Stay there , Daisy . Dad , I 'm scared . - Who are you calling ? - My sister . - No phones here . - I don 't want an operation now . - I thought this was a check-up . - You are very lucky . I fly tomorrow . ( Y ELLS ) ( GROANS ) ( Y ELLS ) Anna ? I know where Daisy is . Thank God ! Where is she ? Where ? She got on the number 29 bus . She got out at Turnpike Lane . - She 's outside the Prince of Wales pub . - I 'm nearby . I 'll be there in ten . Get there as quick as you can . Call me the minute you have her . The Prince of Wales pub . Oh , Suri . ( BUZZER ) - Check that . - NURSE : It 's the courier . Scalpel . Police ! ( GROANS ) Suri ! Suri ? Oh , my God . Oh , my God . Oh , my God . Suri . Daisy ? Daisy ! - Alright . I 'll take it from here . - OK , sir . In . HARRY : Are you proud of yourself , Dr Marghai ? You tricked Luke Bangura into your clinic then operated on him . You then let him die on the table like an animal . And all for a single kidney for Karl Frierson . That 's right . I know Luke 's kidney is inside Frierson . ( REVS ENGINE ) ( CAR HORN / TIRES SCREECH ) Jesus Christ ! It was Frierson , wasn 't it ? Wasn 't it ? Answer me , Marghai ! Please ! Stop ! ( CAR HORNS ) Karl Frierson has HH blood . Luke 's kidney was for him , eh ? ( CAR HORNS ) Yes ! It was for Frierson . I thought it was just the kidney they wanted but when I was operating , his men pulled a gun on me and made me kill him . FRIERSON : I like to think that London is a city built by dreamers , for people who believe in dreams . Our iconic buildings are not only pan of our skyline , they 're pan of our collective identity as Londoners . And as soon as I press this button , we 'll start work on another dream . The Metropoint Project . Alright . Everybody ready ? FRIERSON : Here it goes . What can I do for you , Detective ? - I want you to come in for questioning . - What about ? It 's in connection with the murder of Luke Bangura . You finish up here . I 'll see you downstairs . In your speech at City Hall , you said that just over a year ago you were dying . You needed a kidney transplant , is that right ? That 's right . But on February 15th at the Cardwell Clinic , you were saved , yes ? Yes . You have a very rare blood type . HH . And only an HH kidney will do . On the 14th of February last year , a young man called Luke Bangura went missing . He also has HH blood . Well , he did . Two days ago we found Luke 's body . - And ? - Luke 's kidney had been removed by Dr Marghai , who we now have in custody . That 's a hell of a coincidence , isn 't it ? You needing an HH kidney and one being removed from Luke 's body the day before your operation ? Am I missing something here ? My kidney came from France . We have all the paperwork . So you don 't deny being HH ? Why is my client being interrogated about his blood type ? It must have been a terrible situation for you , sir , knowing that you 're getting closer and closer to death . Waiting for a miracle until you had no choice but to engineer one yourself . You are delusional and when this farce is over , I will make it my personal mission to have you removed from duty . You found Luke Bangura through an HH online forum , didn 't you ? LAWYER : Unless you intend to charge my client , I 'm advising him to not respond . Why did you have the body moved , Karl ? Because in a shallow grave , it could still be discovered but under thousands of tons of rubble , it 's destroyed forever . - WINTER : That 's enough ! - HARRY : Excuse me ? Sorry , Karl . There 's been a misunderstanding . - There 's no need for you to be here . - I 'm in the middle of an interview . No , you 're not . My office , Detective Clayton . - What ? - Now , Clayton ! Here . I have a strong case . I have Dr Marghai . Who 's just revealed that you forced a confession out of him , which he has now totally recanted ! How can he ? He almost killed Suri . Listen , I know Frierson did this ! How ? What evidence do you have ? Do you have any idea what you 've just done ? This man controls our budget , he guides our policy . And now he thinks I sent you after him without a single shred of evidence ! Listen , Alistair , I know Frierson has been leaning on you but he is rotten ! - You should listen to yourself , Harry . - Ah , do what you have to do . You had no authority to risk Suri 's life like that . You 're not in control anymore . ( MACHINE BEEPS ) Did you get him ? Yes . Good .
