 Downe : My city 's gone to hell . I 've watched it happen . It 's why I do what I do . It 's what I 've always done . And I 'll do it again and again and again as many times as it takes to scrub this city clean of all the filth . I 've got my badge and I 've got the will . I am LAPD . So let me show you how it 's done . ( faint moaning ) ( moaning ) ( rock music playing ) ♪ Everything I should 've done ♪ ♪ It 's everything I 've received ♪ ( bell dings ) ♪ Got me on my knees ♪ ♪ First I saw ♪ Oh , my ... Oh , my god ! ( moaning ) Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah ! Just like that ! Just like that ! ( moaning ) ( bell dinging ) - ( moaning ) - ( buzzer ) Oh , my god , oh , my god . Oh , my god . ( panting ) I don 't know how you do it . Just keep going , and going . I 'm just doing my civic duty . ( moaning ) Oh , um , look , I know we don 't really know each other all that well or anything , but ... ( radio static ) Dispatch : Confirmed , suspect is on premises . Transmitting location . That 's me . Back to work . Thanks for the jump . Let 's do it again sometime . ( sniffing and gasping ) Super crank ! ( laughing ) That 's what I 'm calling it . It 's got a nice ring to it , right ? Yeah , this city loves its street drugs . ( sniffing ) This is the mother of them all . And they are gonna pay through the nose to get it . ( laughing ) You guys want a free taste ? Huh ? Forget it ! ( laughing ) Did anybody else feel that ? Feel what ? No . No , no , no , no , no ! ( rumbling ) - Man : What the fuck is that ? - Yo , Headcase , we better split ! Don 't ... Don 't call me that , it 's Harry ! Not ... - ( thudding ) - ( growling ) Man : Let 's get the fuck outta here ! Headcase Harry , you 're under arrest ! Fuck you ! Man : Let 's get the fuck out of here ! - ♪ ( dramatic music playing ) ♪ - ( gunshot ) That 's assaulting a police officer . ( gunshot ) - ( pumps shotgun ) - ( gunshot ) - That 's resisting arrest . - ( gunshot ) ( shattering ) ( gunshot ) ( shouting ) ( shouting ) - Headcase . - Don 't call me that ! Downe : You have the right to remain silent . Fuck you ! Anything you say or do can and will be used against you in the court of law . You have the right to an attorney . Take Miranda Rights and stick 'em straight up your ass , pig ! I know who you are . That was my life 's work you just trashed ! If you can 't afford an attorney , one will be appointed to you . Shut up ! Do you understand these rights as they were read to you ? Do you understand this ? You know what this is ? Don 't make me do it . Stay back ! Fine . Boom . ( explosion ) ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ Man : Any scanner activity ? Man 2 : Unbelievable . Man 3 : Holy Christ , no way anyone could have survived this . Man : I know you 're new to this detail , but don 't be a fucking idiot . Of course he didn 't survive , they knew he wouldn 't . Man 2 : Hey , a little help here . ( clattering ) - Well , there he is . - Man : Officer Crispy . Man 2 : All right , guys , let 's load him up and get him back to the precinct . You 're a cop . Pow . Part of the motherfucking brotherhood . You 're one of the good guys . You 're LAPD ... you 're one of the good guys . I 'm a cop . You 're a cop . That 's right . ( sirens wailing ) Sergeant : Officer Gable ? Inside , Gable . You might want to calm down . Good morning , Sergeant . Yeah , right . Ooh , little filly . Is that all the work you put in ? You could do better . Stop with the dicks . ( camera clicks ) And you , yeah , go to my office ... 'cause there 's someone who wants to talk to you . Gable : Uh , should I sign in first ? Now . ( thudding ) ( clicking ) Gable : I was told , um , someone wanted to see me ? Officer Gable . Chief Berringer . Come on in . Close the door behind you . Interesting psych profile . You like being a cop , don 't you ? I mean , you take it seriously . Gable : As a heart attack . We have been keeping a pretty close eye on you . And for the record , there were one or two individuals who felt it was premature for me to have this conversation with you . Clearly I didn 't listen to them . I went with my gut on this one . So here you are . Chief , am I in trouble ? - Depends on how you look at it . - I don 't understand . You understand how bad it is out there ? While you 're chasing jaywalkers down the 3rd Street Promenade and making your chicken-shit collars some real heavy shit is going on right here in our city . Do you think you 're ready ? I think you 're ready . Are you ready ? Damn straight . ( whispering ) Have you ever heard of the Fortune 500 ? ( bird squawking ) ( animal noises ) - ( purring ) - ( clucking ) Lion man : Well ... speak . Harry 's operation has been compromised . ( roaring ) Bird man : Compromised ? The LAPD sent their ... beast . ( roaring ) They 've got balls sending that kamikaze cop into our territory . Miss Tiger : Their overconfidence is annoying . - Lion man : Goddamn it ! - ( thudding ) Nobody fucks with the Fortune 500 ! I want his head on our wall ! ( roaring ) Get the fuck out of here . Miss Tiger : Let 's face it , gents , Headcase was their opening salvo . I bet they think it 's open season on all our operations . Lion man : We have to hit back , hard ! Bird man : This has gone way beyond the concept of deterrents . But let us not be despondent . On the contrary , let us rejoice ! We have access to the ultimate WMD ... a pure ass-kicker , par excellence . ( growling ) Lion man : What are you talking about ? ( glass breaking ) - Assistant : Sir ? - Get me Zen Master Flash . Zen Master Flash : ( speaking foreign language ) Lion man : So ... are you sure this crazy fuck has the goods to take this on ? Miss Tiger : He 's got a rep , that 's for sure . Bird man : It 's more than that . He 's the best . Not to mention , he 's got a ready-made army full of bad-ass motherfuckers at his disposal . Even if this escalates into a war , it 'll be theirs , not ours . That 's good business . Lion man : Fine . I still want his head . ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ Berringer : The Fortune 500 are the top tier of organized crime in this city . Almost every freak on the streets is connected to them in some way , shape or form . Money from drugs , from illegal firearms , from protection rackets , you name it . If it 's illegal , they are deep up in it . These folks are a force of nature . And how are you supposed to fight that ? Try not to look like a rookie . I 'll do my best , ma 'am . Berringer : And cut the ma 'am shit . - Yes , sir . - Berringer : Everyone ready ? They brought him in a few hours ago . He 's downstairs being prepped for a general recovery . Okay then , let 's go . These technicians are part of a special division , top secret . A lot of private funding , which means it keeps the mayor and the city council off our ass . What 's the smell ? ( sniffing ) Oh , that ... you 'll learn to ignore that . Gable : Chief ? Chief ! Chief ... are we talking ... I think you know exactly what we 're talking about . All the rumors you 've been hearing , they 're true . - Okay . - Look , it doesn 't matter . It 's no secret what 's going on out there . The grinks and the groinks , the pest and the vermin , they 're taking over . We don 't have the manpower or the resources to properly police the streets . But you know what they say ? I don 't , no . Fight fire with fire . So we got ourselves a secret weapon . ( door unlocking ) Holy shit . Is he dead ? What do you think ? Of course , he is . - Uh , but ... - Man : All systems go ! - Man 2 : Fire up ! - ( whirring ) Watch this . ( whirring ) ( buzzing ) Tech 1 : Opening channels A , B and C for immediate download . Tech 2 : Initiate ! ( clanking ) ( whooshing ) ( grunting ) ( grunting ) - Man : Okay , clean him up ! - Man 2 : Get that uniform off . Man : Patholomic levels are stabilizing . Cardiac activity is normal . Oxygen intake , circulatory system , everything 's back online . ( gasping ) There you go , Gable . Goddamn miracle of modern science . It doesn 't matter how broken , how mangled , how completely pulverized he gets out there , what happens in here makes him whole again . Well , relatively speaking . Officer Downe reporting for duty . Berringer : How you doing , Terry ? Ready to get back out there ? I was born ready . Chief , does he even know ... Best not to dig too deep into the details . Technically this is still an experiment . Just let him do his thing . Look at you . Do you stand for what 's right and righteous ? Yes , you do . Are you ready to crush some criminal cranium ? Yes , you are . ( whispering ) He 's talking to himself . Shh . Because that 's what you do , isn 't it ? Who else can ? No one . - Where 's he going ? - The armory . Oh ... the skells and shitheads ... they 're packing like a third world country . They 've convinced themselves they own this city . It makes me sick . ( grunting ) So what are we doing about it , Terry ? We 're gonna take it all back , Chief . What 's he doing ? Gathering up his correctional equipment . ( metal clanging ) ( thudding ) My baby . And all the baby food he can eat . All righty then , down to the motor pool . So , he just picks up right where he left off ? That 's all he knows . He 's the perfect cop . That 's incredible . How ? - What do you mean , how ? - I mean , how ! What kind of technology can actually bring someone who 's clinically dead back to- - You were vetted pretty extensively , Rookie . Your psychological profile suggested you are adequately equipped to deal with these particular circumstances without struggling with any of the moral implications involved . It 's exactly why you 've been brought on the inside . I had a feeling about you , and I hate to be proven wrong , so you need to tell me right here , right now , are you focused ? - Absolutely . - Then let 's go . I see my ride 's waiting for me . Parked it right where it always is . This town 's infected , Terry . We need you to make it better . We need to show them what 's what . I will show them the law . Okay , Rookie , you 're on . For what ? One thing we learned this last round , we need to do a better job of backing him up in the field . Gable : What do you mean ? I 'm putting you on this detail , his back-up detail , a special unit that will stay close , but remain unseen alongside Officers Carter , Fritch and Hanso . Gabel : I 'm sorry , I don 't ... Berringer : He 'd never call in for support . Point of fact , he won 't even know you 're there . I 'd imagine he 'd be pretty pissed off if he knew , but you 'll be there all the same . But in case of what ? I mean , Chief , no offense , but he doesn 't ... When the time comes , you 'll know what to do . ( tires screeching ) Gable : Uh , Chief , you said he 'd be pissed off if he knew ? Berringer : Did I say that ? Yes , ma 'am , I believe you did . Then don 't piss him off . ( speaking in foreign language ) Fuck these subtitles ! As far as I 'm concerned , you 're good to go . You 've all been administered your extra dose of alkyl nitrites , and our chemists have assured me that you 'll peak exactly when you need to . Just make sure any erectile activity ... ( chuckling ) ... doesn 't interfere with your combat moves . ( grunting ) First things first , we 'll need to get his attention . Shouldn 't be too difficult , our target tends to get involved in some serious shit . She will see you now . About fucking time . Please watch your language . Remember where you are . All right , and where exactly are we ? I mean , this place- - This is a house of divine truth and I detect the stench of deception all over you . - You what ? - Do not misunderstand me . When you enter this room , you should reek of nothing but respect . Fucking hell . You 're , uh , Mother Supreme ? Indeed I am . Welcome to the Guardian Angel Covenant . - It 's nice . - You have come to do business ? Yeah , I 'm Dominick , I 've come to negotiate . Negotiate ? On whose behalf ? Well , my boss felt as though there might be some , uh , wiggle room when it comes to the price ? He wants what you 're selling . He just hoped that instead of a long-term payment plan at your price , that we would pay our price , all in one lump sum . Fucking nice little package to you . Do you know what I mean ? A fucking nice one . Another broken down street mongrel trying to walk tall . Look , this is no way to do business . I was told you 'd be amenable . Who told you that ? Who do you think ? Your boss ... Your boss has no balls . Sorry ? My boss ... Your boss has no balls ! Is she allowed to talk like that ? He sent you here with no real knowledge of what you are dealing with . Do you even know what it is that we do here ? Do you even know what merchandise you have been sent to negotiate over ? No . I wasn 't given that information . Of course you weren 't . If you had been , you never would have come , and yet ... here you are . Now you must pay the price . Look , Sister ... you don 't want to fuck with me . You do not want me , or my boss , making trouble for you in here . This ... is what we sell . You 're gonna shoot me ? A fucking nun ? You 're gonna fucking shoot me ? Of course , not ... they are . ( screaming ) ( groaning ) That should send the appropriate message as to how we negotiate . Take him down to the morgue . Fucking hell . Gable : Gun running nuns ? Are you fucking kidding me ? I wish I was , Rook . These bitches are hard-core . - Five months we 've been bui ... - Don 't start ! Carter : Well , well , pardon me . I 'm pissed off . Hey , our detectives , they 've been workin ' with the ATF . Right , and now all of a sudden , this super cop , he gets to roll in there and get the bust . What we doing ? We 're babysitting , that 's what we 're doing . - It 's bullshit . - Goddamn it . Hanso : You want to be the first to go in there ? You know what goes on in there . Carter : Come on , Hanso , we just armor up , knock that shit down , easy-peasy . Fritch : Easy-peasy , is it ? I 'll be glad to explain that to your wife and two daughters . Hey , fuck you , man , they know exactly what I signed up for . Fritch : Oh , yeah , right , tough guy , wanna go in there all Martin Riggs and show them what 's what ? Hanso : Uh , who ? Martin Riggs . Mel Gibson . Lethal Weapon ? Oh , right . That 's ridiculous . No , no , that 's ridiculous that you don 't know that . Fritch : Come on , Hanso . Okay , so when exactly do we go in ? Wait ... Have you not been ... Is he fucking shitting me ? We don 't go in , not until it 's done . Until what 's done ? Until he 's done . Is there anything left to harvest ? Well , not his balls . Downe : Freeze ! You 're under arrest . ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ Our house has been defiled ! Now let us find the perpetrators , whoever they may be , and finish this . Downe : You have the right to remain silent . ( gunshots ) ♪ ( heavy metal music playing ) ♪ - ( grunts ) - ( gunshots ) ( shattering ) ( gunshots ) ( pumps rifle ) ( gunshots ) ( distant gunshots ) - Well ? - Fritch : Well , what ? We go in , right ? Sorry , Rook , not yet . We got our orders . We wait until shit calms down , then we go in . Right now we relax and enjoy the fireworks . ( scoffing ) What if he needs us ? Carter : Yeah , no . Whoa , whoa , whoa , hey , hey , hey . Holster your weapon , cowboy , all right ? Cool your jets . This is the detail that you signed up for ? Aren 't we all cops here ? What are you trying to say , Rook ? Huh ? Are we all cops here ? I know three of us are cops . I 'm not saying anything . ♪ ( heavy metal music playing ) ♪ ( grunting ) - ( thunder claps ) - Bless the dark ones who speak with thunder ! Scramble . Scramble ! Scramble . Dispatch : Station to special unit team , Berringer is requesting a status report . Roger that , we 're holding position here . We need some back-up to form a perimeter to keep the civilians out . Dispatch : Copy that . Back-up units are en route . Okay , we 're good here . Soon as shit calms down , we can secure the area . Carter : All right , and the stiff techs fish Frankenstein out of the wreckage , what a bunch of fucking bullshit . Hey , where 's the rookie ? This motherfucker . ( thudding ) ( explosion ) ( screaming ) ( grunting ) ( gunshots ) ( thunder claps ) You have besmirched the sanctity of this blessed soil . And for that , you shall receive righteous punishment . Mother Supreme . You better be praying . ( screams ) ( heavy metal music continues ) ( grunting ) Freeze ! LAPD ! You seem troubled , young man . We can help you here . Sorry , lady , I 'm an atheist . Now drop your weapons . With all due respect , I cannot take seriously one who has abandoned his beliefs in a higher power . I 'm LAPD ! That is my higher power ! Shall I put one between his eyes , Mother ? Patience , Sister , ( in demonic voice ) perhaps this one will come to his senses . Drop your weapons . Do not make me shoot ! Holy shit . Hey , whoa , whoa , hey , hey , hey , hold up . Look , she 's in custody . Let 's do things by the book ! The book ? What ? ( panting ) ( echoing ) You will all be judged . Shut the fuck up ! Oh , fuck . Ah , shit . Are you fucking kidding me , Rook ? This is gonna be your ass . We 're inside , requesting immediate back-up ! Carter : Is he dead ? Rook , is he fucking dead or what ? Looks like I had you pegged all wrong . You couldn 't keep your dick in your pants , son . Chief ... When I talk , that means you don 't talk . I gave you explicit instructions on how to comport yourself on this detail , and that 's because I made a judgment call on you , Looks like I might have made the wrong one . I had a long talk with Carter and Fritch and even Hanso . Those three never seem to agree on anything , except where you 're concerned . What did they say ? They said you were a chatty , little fuck . They said you tried to be a hero . You asked me to be back-up . I 'm a cop . I backed him up . We should have been in there sooner . That little stunt at the convent could have been your ass ! ( sighing ) He almost went for you , didn 't he ? Huh . You should have listened , but you pissed yourself . ( sighing ) Well , in any case , I have a problem . You 're on the inside now . I can either put you back on the outside which would put this whole program at risk , or I can give you one last chance to get your head out of your ass and help us make a difference in this city ! That 's him . So you know what I need from you ? I guess so . Do your job , be his shadow . You might not understand what we 're doing , but right now that 's not my problem , and you know what ? It 's not yours , either . Can I help you ? I 'm Officer Gable , I 'm on Downe 's field detail . Yeah , whatever , as long as you got clearance . Welcome to the Bullpen . So , um , what are they ? I mean ... Well , each of them suffers from some sort of motor neuron disease , Lou Gehrig 's disease , spinal muscular atrophy and some stuff they don 't even have names for yet . It 's actually pretty amazing . I don 't get it . Look , for whatever reason , and I sure as hell couldn 't tell you why and I spend most of my time with them , they all have telekinetic abilities , on a level that we can 't even measure . Telekinetic ? Yeah , telekinetic , the amount of energy that this group produces you wouldn 't imagine . It 's enough to ... To bring someone back from the dead ? Exactly . We call it the Resurrection Equation . We harness the energy , we channel it up into the recovery bay , where it regenerates and resuscitates him . ( grunting ) You know , that whole thing , every single time . That 's unbelievable . Yeah , it 's pretty cool , right ? How did they pick Downe ? Oh , this is a great story . Uh , Terrance Downe , full-on Metro Division , from back in the days , an intense guy , fanatical . Gable : Fanatical about what ? About being a cop . His freeway pursuits were legendary . He never let anyone get away . Of course , his enthusiasm , uh , ended up costing him . Well , what do you mean ? Well , he had , how shall we say , a little accident . The circumstances under which he passed away left his body in a state that happened to be perfect for this particular experiment . How long ago was it ? - What ? What do you ... - That accident . Oh , I think it was about 25 years . Twenty five years ? Most stuff doesn 't happen overnight , son . ( laughing ) Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . I ... it 's just amazing what science can do , I guess . Goddamn right , this is the cutting edge of technology right here . There 's gotta be a down side to this , right ? Burnham : I 'm not sure I get what you 're driving at . Well , have we ever lost one of them to this process ? Burnham : Uh , yeah , a few from before my time , but it 's the nature of the beast , I guess . Nature of the beast ? These poor souls sit down here and are forced to ... Burnham : Whoa , whoa , whoa , what are you talking about , forced ? Nobody 's forcing anyone . These people are volunteers , each and every one of them . - So they know ? - Yes , of course , they know . This gives them a sense of purpose , you can see it in their eyes . See what ? Burnham : Pride , pride in what they 're doing , pride in what they 're contributing to . Does Downe even know about ... You gonna keep staring at me ? Hey , Downe , listen , no hard feelings , you know , about what happened earlier . I just wanted you to know that , um ... That I ... I was just trying to help , that 's all . What the fuck you talking about ? Gable : What am I ... I was in the convent , um , I made the arrest . Intense guy . No shit . ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ Downe : I don 't have a lot of time , baby . Let 's just do what I came here to do . ( woman moaning ) - ( bell dinging ) - Woman : Oh , my god ! Oh , my god ! - ( woman moaning ) - ( bell dinging ) Woman : Just like that ! Just like that ! Oh , fuck ! ( bell dinging ) Oh , fuck ! ( bell dinging ) Oh , my God ! - ( buzzer ) - ( snoring ) ( engine starting ) Oh , shit . Bird man : This is starting to feel like the good old days , eh ? Lion man : Goddamn it ! We need to talk about Mother Supreme . Bird man : She got busted . Her entire operation is godless . Good for us , less competition . Lion man : Except you got the same intel I do . It was that cock-munching super cop that took her down . So he 's still out there . What the fuck is up with Zen Master Flash ? Miss Tiger : He is taking his sweet time , and on our dime . Bird man : And worth every one of those dimes . You know his reputation . If he hasn 't moved yet , that just means that what he 's got planned is gonna be rather nasty . ( inaudible dialogue ) - Gable : Excuse me . - Barman : Yeah . Whiskey coke . Are you LAPD ? Because that 's who we like to serve here . Bartender : Okay . Carter : Do the thing , man , do the thing . ( laughing ) Fritch : Well , well , well , lookie what we have here . Carter : Officer Integrity , Officer Ethics , Officer Dipshit ! ( Fritch chuckles ) Carter : Yeah , everybody ... ( clapping ) ... listen up , we got a hero in our midst . 'Cause this kid right here , he 's angling to be super cop 's new partner . You know , you really got some balls ... think that you can walk up in here like you one of us . - Okay , look , I 'm a cop . - Yeah ? I 'm a cop , yeah , just like you , just like Downe . Bullshit . Carter : No , you 're not a cop like any of us . Fritch : Hell no . And if you think anybody in here is anything like that fucking freak , you 're wrong . He 's drunk . Carter : I don 't think I 'm too drunk to kick your fucking ... - Come on ! - Hey ! All you fuckers stand down ! You 're all cops here , the assholes are out there . You save this shit for them . The next one who gets in somebody 's face is gonna get this horse cock up the side of his head . My mom gave this to me , and she taught me how to use it . So who wants it , you ? Anyone ? Fuck . Come on , buy the rook a drink . ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ - Fritch : Shot ! - ( laughing ) Gable : To that , to that , to that . Hanso : Whatever , fuck off . Shut the fuck up ! So , Downe been in here ? Are you kidding me ? Not a chance in hell . - He don 't fraternize . - Not with anyone . Gable : Okay , I don 't ... I don 't get that . What ... do you think we want to do this detail ? Getting that freak 's back ? No . No , fuck that son of a bitch . Fritch : I will fucking lay my life down for each and every fucking one of you . Because that 's what it 's all about . You see , I only have to do it once . Hanso : There you go . And that 's what makes it bearable . Carter : You really can 't say that , though ... because you don 't know how he does it . Nobody knows how he does it . You know how he does it ? Do you ? Fritch : You know something we don 't , Rook ? What the hell would I know ? ♪ Again the same ♪ ♪ Just a game played together for ability ♪ ♪ We 're making noise ♪ ♪ You pride denied ♪ Carter : No , I guess you right . All I know is there some old Franken-science shit going on over there . I mean , you 're talking about like a bunch of dead body parts and their corpses , like , smashing together . I don 't think that 's Downe . You got Boris Karloff with a badge and that 's some bullshit . Hanso : Who ? - Oh , no , Boris Karloff . - What ? Frankenstein , movie ! Gable : You mean Frankenstein 's monster . Carter : What you mean by that ? Gable : Everyone always calls the monster Frankenstein . But the monster was created by Dr. Frankenstein . It 's not Frankenstein , it 's Frankenstein 's monster . ♪ ( music continues ) ♪ - ( grunting ) - ( thudding ) Stop the music . Stop ... the music . ( sighing ) Look at you . You a cop ? Yes , you are . Do you represent the law in this city , your city ? Yes , you do . Without you , it 's all over . Too much crime , too much chaos , too much madness . Do you ever ask yourself , why ? No , you don 't . There is no more why . Get it together . Lock it down . Lock it down now . Dispatch : ( over radio ) Multiple 10-34s reported at Cedar Sinai at Beverly and San Vicente , all units respond . Center , this is Officer Downe responding , I 'm on my way . ( sirens ) ( engine revving ) ♪ ( elevator music playing ) ♪ ♪ ( elevator music continues ) ♪ - ( coughing ) - Woman : I don 't like that . - ( squelching ) - ( woman screaming ) ( laughing ) Well done , students . Like sending up the brightest flare to passing rescue ships . This will get his attention . Shh . That 's our target we 're hearing and he 's coming fast . Prepare to slice and dice . I 'll be back in a flash . ( thudding ) Everybody freeze ! Good God . Carter : Why do you care so much about that guy ? Isn 't it enough that you get to clean his litter box with us ? Gable : I don 't really like that part of it , but what I 'm saying is , I don 't blame Downe . Yeah , I mean , I don 't think I do . Right , because Downe is an innocent victim in all of this . Carter : Meanwhile , the good cops , talkin ' about the ones that we 've been toasting to all night they 're out on the street risking their shit for God knows what . And you know what happens when they eat it ? They don 't come back ! If you can stand , get down to Cedar 's , it 's a fucking massacre over there ! Let 's go , motherfuckers ! This shit is real ! Fritch : Fuck it . Let 's go be fucking cops ! Any asshole I see flashing a blade ... Zen Master Flash : No Miranda ? I was hoping to hear you say it . Anyway , does this count as a blade ? - ( laughing ) - ( gunshot ) Well , would you look at that ? Some kung-fu cowards . Motherfucking cowards . I see you 're resisting arrest . Well , that means I 'm gonna have to bust out my favorite piece of correctional equipment , lethal force ! ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ ( grunting ) Is that the best you 've got ? ( grunting ) That 's assaulting a police officer . Little bitch ! Punk ass ! ♪ You know their business you think it 's a bore ♪ ♪ They make you restless ♪ ♪ It 's nothing you ain 't seen before ♪ ♪ Say goodbye to conventional ways ♪ ♪ You can 't escape the hours you lose track of the days ♪ ♪ The more you understand seems the more like you do ♪ ♪ You never get away ♪ If you can 't do the time , don 't do the crime ! ♪ Everybody wants you ♪ - ( screaming ) - ( Downe grunting ) ♪ Everybody wants you ♪ ( growling ) ♪ Everybody knows you ♪ ♪ Everybody snows you ♪ ♪ Everybody needs you leads you bleeds you ♪ ( Downe screaming ) ( Zen Master Flash speaking foreign language ) Look at you . I 'm not quite as impressed as I thought I 'd be . Guess I need to lower my expectations . You ... have the right ... Zen Master Flash : What 's that ? ... to remain ... - Come again , son ? - ( grunting ) Mm ... tasty . ... silent . Ah , do tell . Students , observe the Coup de Flash ! Downe : If you can ... ( screaming ) Your mama ! ( laughing ) Cracka-boom , motherfucker ! And that , students , is what precision work looks like . But don 't worry , he 's not dead , not quite yet anyway . And so , on we go to phase two . Bird man : I told you he 'd get the big bastard ! Lion man : I hope he burned him like a witch ! Miss Tiger : Like a bitch ! Bird man : We 'll get the deets any minute now . One of our lieutenants is in direct contact . ( roaring ) Lion man : This is a righteous fucking victory ! Miss Tiger : Let 's see the LAPD come back from this . Who runs this city ? ( roaring ) Lion man : Talk slow , I want to enjoy this . Miss Tiger : I need to hear some key words , eviscerated , decapitated , castrated . Go on . Man : Well , masters , how about kidnapped ? ( roaring ) Apparently Zen Master Flash subdued Downe and transported him to another location . By all accounts , he 's still alive . Lion man : What ! ( thudding ) ( growling ) Bird man : You gotta be shitting me ! Lion man : What 's he think he 's gonna do ? Get ransom money from the LAPD ? Miss Tiger : That wasn 't the deal we made ! That motherfucker ! Bird man : Okay , okay , just put your peckers in park , and we 'll figure out exactly what the fuck he 's up to . Holy Christ . Jesus . Goddamn fucking blood bath in here . Check for survivors . Hanso : Holy shit . Does anyone see his body ? Who gives a shit ? Look at this fucking place . Zen Master Flash : ( speaking foreign language ) ( woman grunting ) Zen Master Flash ... ( speaking foreign language ) ( spitting ) ( laughing ) ( speaking foreign language ) Speak fucking English . As you wish . The visionary that I am , I realized the most entertaining thing to do now would be to bring down some friends to dance with you . Maybe you remember them . So , all you rats in the Rat 's Nest ... let 's find out just how much damage this cop can take . ( laughing ) What the hell are you doing ? Carter : That 's a good question . Jesus . Carter : No , just me . Come to rub it in ? I mean , the freak is finally gone . He 's missing in action , he 's cut up into tiny pieces , spread out all over LA . That 's all that 's left . So that 's it , then ? He 's gone , what are you gonna do ? You gonna turn in your badge , too ? Hmm ? That the kind of cop you are ? I don 't know what kind of cop I am anymore . What does it matter anyway ? We blew it . We were his back-up , we blew it , besides when it gets out what my blood-alcohol level was when I showed up at a crime scene ... Man , that 's it for me . Being a cop was all I had . No wonder you like him so much . What is it ? Carter : Personnel file , dating back to the late 70 's , Terrance Downe . What ? Wait , this is back from when he was ... Alive . You think you got a one-track mind . This motherfucker was King Cop from day one . No family , no attachments , nothing but the job . You 're wondering if he 's being exploited or some bullshit like that ? The file has the whole story . We all read it , by the way , so , if it makes any difference ... we hate him a little less now . ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ You are LAPD . You are in the motherfucking brotherhood now . You are a motherfucking cop . I 'm a cop . That 's right . - Berringer : Officer Gable ! - Gable : Chief ! You show up at a fresh crime scene after floating all night at the Rusty Nail ? With those jerk-offs in your detail ? Are you going after Downe ? Downe is not your problem ! He 's nobody 's problem ! It 's over ! It 's not over ! Do you see this ? It is not over ! Where are you going ? Gable ! Stop right there , Rook . Don 't fuck around , Gable ! This is beyond you ! Chief ... Obviously he walked into a trap . It was only a matter of time before ... Before what ? Before the department cuts Downe loose because it 's not cost-effective to keep him around . Don 't get political on me , you little shit . Oh , okay , so what ? You 're not gonna go after him ? You 're just gonna find the next test subject ? What did you say ? Chief , I know about the bullpen . The what ? The bullpen , the telekinetics you have down there . What the fuck do you know about that ? I know enough to know that if they 're what 's juicing him up , and they 've got that connection with him , however it works , then maybe we can use them to find him and help him . Bullshit . Gable ! Zen Master Flash : I 've decided to use you to send a little message mainly to your comrades in law enforcement . You see , the most annoying thing about cops is that they think they 're in charge . - ( shouting ) - ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ Inmate : Let 's fuck you up ! Zen Master Flash : They need to be shown who swings the biggest stick . - ( shouting ) - ( thudding ) This is your whole career right now , Gable ! Count on it ! I don 't care , we gotta try . Berringer : You don 't even know what they do ! Burnham : Okay , what 's happening here ? Shh . Gable ... I 'm betting they can either track him or they can help him . And either way , it is worth a shot ! It doesn 't work that way ! They cannot bring him back unless the body is upstairs . Is that true ? Wh ... uh ... are we talking about a long distance revival ? Yes , yes , we are ! Well , I have no idea , it 's never been attempted before ? Why are we talking about this right now ? Okay , but you 're saying it 's not impossible . Berringer : Get your ass out of here right fucking now ! He is still a cop , Chief ! Isn 't he ? Fine . Fire him up . This is a very bad idea . - Do it ! - Okay , all right . If this doesn 't work ... ( whirring ) - ( shouting ) - ( laughing ) Gable : You all know Terry Downe . He 's the recipient of your abilities , of your talents . - ( shouting ) - ( thudding ) He 's one good cop , knee-deep in the shit every day , no matter what it costs him . And it costs him a lot ! Now he is out there somewhere . ( shouting ) And he needs your help , all of you . And even though he may be beyond repair , you have got to try . And you have to give it everything you 've got ! ( shouting ) Come on ! Isn 't this what you 're all here for ? ( shouting ) Inmate : Guys , give me some room . Inmate 2 : Kick his fucking ass ! Inmate 3 : Kill that motherfucker ! ( thudding ) Inmate 2 : Fuck yeah ! Fuck you , man ! ( sighing ) Gable ... Cut him down . ( inmates laughing ) Damn , still breathing . Inmate 3 : Don 't die yet ! Don 't die yet ! ♪ ( dramatic music playing ) ♪ ( electricity buzzing ) Yeah ! Come on ! That 's it ! That 's it ! That 's it , that 's it ! There you go . ( inmates shouting ) - ( grunting ) - ( thudding ) Mother Supreme : Stop ! ( laughing ) Mother Supreme , you sexy rat . You have been judged as unworthy . You have been judged as unclean ! Burnham : Radiostatic particle build-up , lots of telekinetic energy being generated with no place to go . I gotta bypass the local receptors . Mother Supreme : This is the price you pay for your lack of belief . Come on ! You can do it ! You push it ! That 's it ! Yeah ! There you go ! There you go ! My god is a vengeful god . He speaks through me . Gable : Come on ! Come on ! You can do it ! Come on ! Come on ! You can do it ! Push it ! Come on ! Oh , no , no , no , no ! Mother Supreme : He tells me you resist the afterlife . He 's gone . We 're right on the brink . Mother Supreme : You resist the everlasting glory . Organic circuits , they 're overloading ! They can 't handle the feedback ! Berringer : Shut it down ! Shut it down ! No , don 't shut it down ! Berringer : You want to be responsible for losing them , too ? Come on , come on , shut it down ! I guess that 's it . Mother Supreme : This time you will join the endless , blackest night ... the eternal sleep ... your final penance . - Oh , my God , oh my God ! - What 's happening ? Don 't you see , Chief ? They 're doing it on their own . They 're not giving up . ( heart beating ) Their power is being sucked out of them , no idea how ! They can 't do this much longer . They are burning out right in front of us ! ( electricity buzzing ) ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ Uh-oh . - ( grunting ) - ( cracking ) Damn you , motherfucking face fucker ! ( screaming ) Berringer : Oh , shit . You 're not supposed to be out of your cells , are you ? ( grunting ) ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ - ( squelching ) - ( grunting ) Back off . He 's all mine . You ain 't done yet , fuck face . We all up out of this motherfucker . And we gonna take our new-found freedom and shove it right up your cracker ass ! So bend over wide . Think about it , shithead . This badge , it means something to me . It means that I am the order in a world full of chaos and you are the chaos , all of you deranged motherfuckers ! But even more than that ... kicking your heads in makes my dick hard ! Did it work ? Holy shit , it worked , right ? Shut the fuck up , Gable ! What do we do now ? Mobilize all available units . - So you know . - Wait , wait , know what ? King County Prison , reports of massive riots , all hell 's breaking loose out there . Go . Come on ! Miss Tiger : You wait this long to check in and then we hear you turn the Rat 's Nest into a war zone ? Lion man : You had him ! What makes you think this was the right time to make some goddamn political statement ? - ( roaring ) - I despise politics . The warden of this facility might have been in your pocket , but I am not . He 's dead , by the way . Your fatal flaw is that you lack vision . Lion man : Listen to me , you prancing fuck nut ! You can consider our contract terminated ! Try not to get so emotionally involved . You can forget your payment ! You don 't fuck with the Fortune 500 ! ( roaring ) I see , then allow me to convey how I 'm going to roll out of here once I 've finally roasted this cop . I 'm going to find the lot of you . No matter how far you run , no matter how well you hide , I will find you . And when I do , the pain I shall inflict will have you begging for death . ( speaking foreign language ) Bird man : Oh , shit . Zen Master Flash , I 'm bringing you in . ( Zen Master Flash speaking foreign language ) Shut up , kung-fu ! ( grunting ) They told me you were unkillable . I say you 've died 1,000 times and with each death your soul is eaten away little by little . You have the right to lay down and die . - ( grunting ) - ( thudding ) ♪ ( rock music playing ) ♪ ( Zen Master Flash grunting ) Hiya ! - ( thudding ) - ( grunting ) ( growling ) ( groaning ) ( screaming ) Die . ( speaking foreign language ) Jesus Christ . Come on , keep moving , just follow the blood . Let 's get him back to headquarters . Come on , what are you waiting for ! Move it ! Let 's go , you assholes ! Help him out ! Tech 1 : All the systems are go . Maybe we should let him be . What ? I mean , let him rest in peace . Berringer : Rest in peace ? What does that even mean ? You 're the one who convinced me to bring him back . Something we all need to get used to here . You , me , everyone in here . This is the world we live in . Is it fucked ? Probably . And if that 's the case , you know what a fucked up world needs most of all ? A cop . Berringer : Damn straight . But not just any cop . It needs a cop that 'll never give up . It needs a cop that always comes back , and we 've got him . ( sighing ) Right or wrong , we need him out there . Maybe I just thought that after everything he 's been through ... he 'd finally done his duty . You think so ? Huh ? You think it ever ends , Rookie ? Chief ... don 't call me Rookie anymore . It 's Officer Gable . Very good . Light him up ! Accessing Bullpen . Updating communications A , B and C for upload . Initiate . ( whirring ) Tech 1 : Accessing Bullpen , opening channels A , B and C for download . Initiate ! ( whirring ) ( grunting ) That was a rough one , Chief . We can 't be certain that his mind is still functioning . Berringer : Good job , thank you . ( panting ) Looking good , Terry , just like new . I need to see them , now ! Now . ♪ ( somber music playing ) ♪ ♪ ( music continues playing ) ♪ You get it now ? ( clearing throat ) I hope you 're not expecting a vacation or anything . Your job 's not done yet . It 's never done , Chief . Never . - ♪ ( music playing ) ♪ - Woo ! That 's what I call a motherfucking haul ! Yo , you think the Fortune 500 is gonna want a piece of this shit ? Yo , just ' cause they got their asses kicked doesn 't mean they ain 't still running shit . No , I heard they got more than their ears boxed in . They got their nuts kicked in . Hard , real hard , and you know what that means ? What does that mean ? It 's the Wild West up in this motherfucker . Every crook for himself , baby ! Woo ! - Yo , chill out , man ! - Yeah ! Woo ! Just because they got fucked the fuck up doesn 't mean that they won 't fuck us up . We got the juice in this town now . Madness and mayhem , as far as the eye can see . Not a badge in sight ! It 's beautiful . It 's fucking beautiful , man ! ( loud growling ) Pull over , cocksuckers ! You 're under arrest ! ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Go ahead and run Soon you 'll meet the barrel ♪ ♪ Of my nine nine nine nine ♪ ♪ You want to take it to a string you can 't fathom ♪ ♪ What I bet you need your lessons on ♪ ♪ Taking them down da da da down da da da down ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Better off dead than slaying swine ♪ ♪ Cannot tell him from dead ♪ ♪ I 'm crazy I 'm so mad I 'm fuming ♪ ♪ I 'm not sane I 'm more than ... ♪ ♪ I 'm savage ♪ ♪ I 'm brutal I 'm vicious ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Liberty honesty and justice for all ♪ ♪ Telekinetically back from the dead ♪ ♪ You have the right to remain silent silent ♪ ♪ Innocent until proven guilty ♪ ♪ Guilty guilty guilty You 're guilty guilty ♪ ♪ Holding me down da da da down da da da down ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ Taking me down da da da down da da da down ♪ ♪ Officer Downe ♪ ♪ Da da da Downe da da da Downe ♪ ♪ I 'm crazy I 'm so mad I 'm fuming ♪ ♪ I 'm not saying I 'm ordering ♪ ♪ I 'm savage I 'm brutal I 'm vicious ♪ ♪ ( heavy metal music playing ) ♪ ♪ Same just a game ♪ ♪ I 'd like nothing more Than to make you my whore ♪ ♪ You 're denied Your pride denied ♪ ♪ Compensate separate stimulate my escape ♪ ♪ Sever my god these clothes off ♪ ♪ Such a cheap thrill pleasure is nil ♪ ♪ Take her back to a place she wants to be ♪ ♪ Not here with me Take her back ♪ Man 1 : Wait a minute , are you saying Terry Downe wasn 't the first ? Man 2 : Every experiment requires beta testing including this one . Downe : These monster bosses have an iron grip on the underworld that can 't be broken Man 3 : Once he 's loose in the city it 's all over . Man 4 : They kept him locked up for 30 years . Man 5 : What do you mean nobody knew ? Downe : At least , that 's what they want you to think . - ( indistinct chatter ) - Woman : Officer Downe , hurry ! Lion man : I will make them all suffer . ( screaming ) Man : No , stop , don 't let him out !
