 Previously on The Expanse ... Shit . " Protomolecule . " They gave the goddamn thing a name . Stick it on the end of a torpedo , and we fire it into the sun . That is too important to destroy right now . - We 'll hide it . - Where ? Out here . It 'll be safe . Jules , you need me . You need my government 's resources and my protection . I need a patron who understands the historic importance of what 's happening . The deep radar station on Deimos . It 's mostly automated , minimal personnel . You want us to attack a martian moon ? That 's a declaration of war . We trained all our lives for this . The sooner we have it out with Earth , the better . Well , I 'm sorry to disappoint you . We 're not going to Earth . We 've been ordered to Ganymede station . Farm patrol ? We 're marines ! And we serve where we are ordered to serve . What 's happening ? Eros has changed trajectory again . It 's now on a direct collision course with Earth . There 's only one option left . A massive missile launch at Eros . Our missiles have lost their target-locks . Fred Johnson is honorable . And my crew and I will guide them in . One hundred and fifty live thermonuclear missiles under your control . I believe that makes you the most powerful man in the system right now . I know you can steer this ship . What happens to us now ? Whatever happens , it happens to both of us . Mars had been a colony for a long time , scientists and technologists humanity had to offer . And start a new nation of our own , but everything we built , or mined or made , was still the property of old mother Earth . I was a fusion-drive engineer . My wife , Caty , wanted to start having babies , like all good martians do , but I convinced her that we should buy a second-hand yacht for me to tinker around with instead . She liked to indulge me . I 'd been modifying the engine to boost fuel efficiency . I wasn 't expecting much , maybe four percent better , tops , and I was taking it out for a test run . Commence pre-flight check . Commence pre-flight check ! The voice interface had been problematic from the start . The original owner was Chinese , so I turned the damn thing off . The rest , I guess , is history . Okay . Let 's see what you can do . My name 's Solomon Epstein . And I changed everything . The consensus , is that Eros was a test of a new martian zero-inertia drive . They 've been pumping RD into that project for over a decade . It 's the single most plausible explanation . It is , of course , possible that it was something else . Like a massive relativistic field generator or ... Or some other bunch of science words you string together ? The one thing we do understand is that Eros was a wake-up call . Whatever it was , it 's clearly the greatest technological leap since the Epstein drive . And if it is a weapon , given the depleted state of our missiles , it 's a weapon that will conclusively tilt the balance of power in favor of Mars . Dr. Iturbi . You 're late . I can 't have missed very much . The Rocinante was closest to Eros than anyone . They might have more insight ... The Rocinante and James Holden have gone silent . Along with Fred Johnson , and the martian government . So we will just have to be insightful on our own . Where are we on the impact site mission ? We 've commandeered a civilian survey vessel and are refitting it with our best sensors and probes . We 're also reinforcing the hull to allow us to get closer to the surface . If there 's anything left of Eros down there , we 'll find it . We 'll be on our way to Venus in a week . I 'll expect regular updates from you personally . Understood , sir . Next on our list of shit , we need to clean up . One hundred and fifty missiles we launched . So far , sir , we 've confirmed abort on 121 missiles . Tracking has been very difficult , but we 're confident we 'll be able to account for all the rest in short order . So , I don 't know what you 've heard , or if you 're even going to get this . The UN will be monitoring your messages , so there 's some things I can 't talk about . But I just wanted to let you know that I 'm okay . And that this time , I didn 't run from the fight . The people on this ship , my friends , they helped avert a catastrophe . Helped save Earth . I hope you get to meet them someday . One in particular . Love you , mom . How come you don 't say " love you , mom , " " and mom and dad , and mom and dad and dad . " It 's understood . Can you imagine what it must have been like on Earth , watching Eros coming at you with no way to stop it ? I 'm amazed Earth and Mars didn 't blow each other up - out of sheer panic . - Hmm . There 's still time for that . The protomolecule turned an asteroid into a space ship . Nobody knows how or why . We 'll figure out how it works . Sooner or later . It 's not a bio-toxin , or some genetic toolkit . It 's alien . You still want to destroy our sample ? Yeah . Now more than ever . Miller wanted to destroy it , too , you know . Miller told me he trusted us to do the right thing . And we did . Hmm . I wonder if he knew that his trip to Eros would be one-way . I think part of him never left that terrible little room where we found Julie . I don 't think Miller wanted to be saved . Hmm . When I said we had to keep following Eros , I was ordering you , and Amos , and Alex to your deaths . None of you even questioned it . It was the right thing to do . We all felt the same . I don 't want to be the one who says who lives and who dies . Whether you like it or not , you are the captain of this ship . So in the interests of the smooth operations of this vessel , and the morale of this crew , I just wanted to let you know , that Naomi and I are together . Sleeping together . When did it start ? Just after we got out of Eros . I knew it . God damnit ! Son of a bitch ! It doesn 't make no sense ! I told you . Eros . Didn 't I say ? You lost the bet , man . Give me that arm . I can 't believe I agreed to this . All right , go ahead , take your shot . What the hell was that ? That 's ' cause I like you , brother . - You said it was a punch . - I know . - I didn 't want to hurt you . - Asked , answered . Hey ... I 'm glad that me and Naomi being together isn 't an issue for you . Oh , no . She 's a good person and I like her . But she 's like a sister to me . Right . I mean , don 't get me wrong , I 'd do her if she 'd let me . I 'm glad we had this talk . It was supposed to be a punch . - Hey , chief , you got a second ? - Yeah . I gotta show you something . This is all the telemetry on the nukes the UN launched against Eros . They detonated them after they lost target lock . That makes sense . That 's what the abort codes are for . Yeah , except ... Nearly 30 of them kept on going , long after all the others aborted . Where are they now ? That 's the million-dollar question . Well , I got no clue . Roci lost track of ' em when we were chasing Eros . - Oh ... - Right ? Megatons of thermonuclear ordinance , state-of-the-art guidance systems , and somehow , 30 of them didn 't get that self-destruct message . They just kept on going . Who knows where . Kind of an unsettling thought , don 't you think ? Yeah , it is . My drive was working better . Way better than I ever expected . Fuel efficiency was through the roof . A hundred times better than anyone had even thought possible . A once-in-a-generation breakthrough . And that was the whole problem . See , a high-g burn hurts like hell . I felt like someone was standing on my chest . It was getting harder for me to breathe or talk . Shut down main drive . Not that talking would have made any difference . The acceleration was making my body so damn heavy , it was getting hard to even move . Oh , that was bad enough , but it wasn 't the worst part . Because the most dangerous thing is that if it goes on too long , it 'll kill you . So , how is Arjun ? He 's fine . I hear he 's been away , on Luna . For quite some time . - This is not a date . - It 's not ? Those days are gone . Don 't be cross with me for trying . I asked you to that meeting to hear your opinion . You barely said a word . In that room , my opinion would have only made me less popular than I already am . You have a different theory about Eros ? Different , yeah . More like radical . This is not a time to keep these things to yourself . The problem with colonel Janus , as a scientist , I mean , his personality disorders are obvious , but his problem is that he lacks imagination . It 's true . He can only conceive the world in terms of things he 's already seen . His job is to explain science to politicians . In that regard , it 's a useful skill . But it 's of no use here . Eros station was under quarantine , the result of a mysterious bio-weapon unleashed by Mars , which Mars believes was unleashed by us , which we did not ... Did we ? We did not . Ah , I never doubted that for a moment . Suddenly , Eros , the entire asteroid , moves ... In a way that practically defies every single known law of physics . Now , Janus thinks that means there 's a new martian weapon , some staggering breakthrough on an incredible scale of a technology they 've been pursuing utterly unsuccessfully for years . But ask yourself this question ... Does it make any sense at all that Mars would want to test their ground-breaking technology in a bio-hazard zone , that they themselves created ? I suppose not . So what if this bio-weapon isn 't a bio-weapon after all ? What if it is responsible in some way we can 't yet fully understand , for Eros moving ? I believe Eros was infected by an entirely new order of technology , something from somewhere else , somewhere beyond the reach of our species . I believe the Eros incident was our first contact with alien life . I have a file with 900 pages of analysis , and contingency plans for war with Mars , including 14 different scenarios about what to do , if they develop an unexpected new technology . My file for what to do if an advanced alien species comes calling ? It 's three pages long , and it begins with , " step one , find god . " I need to get to Venus . You can pull the strings and get me on that ship . I will be your eyes and your ears , I 'll be your own private back channel to everything we find , unfiltered by Janus and Errinwright . Please , let me prove I 'm right . The heroes of Eros ! Oh , Jesus ! Hey , nice . How you doin ' ? Hey , good to see you . Thank you . Thank you so much . Great . We 'll catch up with you later ! Easy , easy , easy . There 's plenty of me to go around . Josephus Miller , with his final word , he said to me , " you are the future , Diogo . " You must continue to fight for the belt ! " You must live . " Just live ! " Whoo ! You 'd think helping to save Earth would balance things out , but the Mormons don 't think like that . They 've filed a lawsuit over the Nauvoo against the Tycho corporation and myself . Basically , I 'm in some deep shit . Well , we have one more thing for you to worry about . These aren 't rock-hopper mining nukes . These are planet busters . Designed to evade the best defense systems . If the wrong person picks ' em up , it could be a problem . Especially if they 're smart enough to remove the counter-measures . The missiles could be re-targeted , and sent right back at the inners , or anyone else in the system , for that matter . This doesn 't seem to be bothering you . Why is that ? Because I 've got the missiles . After the UN gave us guidance control , our techs were able to lock out some of the abort codes and override the drives . We scooped ' em up and brought ' em back to Tycho , inside gas freighters and ore ships . We could use some help removing the counter-measures . What are you planning on doing with them ? Nothing . Sometimes that 's the best plan of action . The only thing those weapons are good for is first strike . Hell , they 're good for a lot of things . They can be used as deterrents , or a bargaining chip . Earth and Mars are still in the dark about the protomolecule . We need to tell them everything we know about it . We need to tell everyone . And exactly what should we tell them ? That it 's alien technology that we barely comprehend ? That would cause a system-wide panic . Until we get more information , we need to keep this under wraps . Eros changed everything . Earth and Mars are scared . And whenever that happens , Belters always lose . Our first priority is to protect ourselves . And that means , we 're gonna take advantage of every edge we 've got . Miller , I do this for you . I tell you , girls , when you 're out there in the black , pulling hard 20gs , and the whole boat is vibrating underneath you , about to shake herself apart ... Hell , if I had flown any faster , I would have caught up with yesterday . Then all the blood leaves your brain and everything goes dim and ... bam ! A pump of that juice hits you like an ice cold bullet in the spine , and you 're out there flying , just on pure instinct . No time to think . 'Cause if you think , you 're dead . You need better things for think about . Oh , yeah ? Like what ? Hey , hey , hey ! Hold on there , partner ! Back off and settle down , ya hear ? What the hell ? Amos ? Jesus Christ ! Amos ! What the hell ? You okay ? What the hell are you doing here ? You live here or something ? Yeah , I got a flop next door . Next door 's a brothel . Yeah . Hey . Oh , no , no . You two enjoy yourselves . It 's okay . All right , darlin ' . It 's all right . What do you want ? I want to know where you and I stand . I would 've thought that was pretty clear by now . It isn 't . Now , I 've been straight with you since the first time I approached you after the Donnager . I have done exactly what I said I was gonna do . But now I 'm getting the feeling that you 're not being straight with me . Well , I understand paranoia is a natural state of mind for a soldier . After you left Eros , with Miller , the first time ... On your way back , you cut thrust for nearly five hours . What for ? You 've been poking through our nav logs ? Yeah . You got me curious . On the way out , Amos was forced to kill a friend of Miller 's . They needed some time to work through that . And then Miller wanted to give his friend a proper burial at sea . Which means that it 's none of your goddamn business . We want the same thing , you know . We 're on the same team . That 's the thing with all of you . Earth , Mars , the belt , the OPA . It 's all bullshit . There shouldn 't be any teams . That 's a beautiful dream , son . And I hope I 'm around to see it come true . But in this world that we live in , in order to survive , you have to pick a side . At the rate my drive was burning , my fuel was going to last for weeks . Which I have to say was amazing . Aside from the fact that I 'd be dead long before then . The only thing I could do was to try to signal for help . Caty would realize that I was in trouble . She 'd figure out a way to help me . It was my only hope . - My last chance . And I blew it . Got a minute ? What 's on your mind ? I think we should let people know about Miller and Julie Mao . Not all the details , nothing about the protomolecule , just about them . A Belter and an Earther who was an OPA member , that sacrificed themselves to save the cradle of humanity . The inners need to hear that . You 're going to turn them into a story . A love story . Might help cool things down a bit . Because narrowly avoiding an extinction-level event , apparently wasn 't enough . I want people to know about Miller . He was a good man . He was a pain-in-the-ass , suicidal ex-cop , who got the job done . Okay , I 'll do it . Gotta go . Thank you . Fred saw what the protomolecule did to Eros , of information out of Cortazar 's head to figure out how it works . He wants to control it . Fred 's trying to protect the belt . Or so he claims . It 's too dangerous to leave our sample out there anymore . We have to destroy it . Here 's another option . We can give our sample to Mars . What ? Think about it . They 're the only players in this whole goddamn game that didn 't do any of the bad stuff . They nuked Phoebe . No . They saw something real nasty going on down there , and they just wanted to keep Earth out of it . Or keep what they found there a secret . You don 't know what the hell you 're talking about as usual . Anyways , Mars has the best scientists in the system . If anyone can think of something good to do with that shit , it 's them . Since when has Mars done anything that wasn 't in the interests of Mars ? They saved our lives , for starters . If any side believes they have a strategic advantage by using the protomolecule , then eventually someone will . And then we 're going to have another Eros or worse . The only way to prevent that is to destroy it . All of it . While we still can . Dresden wasn 't working alone . Do you seriously believe we 've got the only remaining sample in the system ? We just might . When Dresden 's people lost the Anubis , it stopped the project dead in its tracks . Which tells me , protomolecule samples aren 't easy to come by . We vaporized the Anubis . Phoebe , the original source was destroyed . We broke Dresden 's station down to the bolts , nothing was there . And Eros burned up in Venus . We 're this close to getting rid of it , once and for all . We should kill it . Drive it into the goddamn sun . It 's the only way . Yep . Yeah . Everything ready ? I 'm right about this . It 's done . Yeah ... it 's done . Sooner or later , it happens to us all . Me , you , everyone we love . Maybe you see it coming . Maybe it surprises you . But in a sustained high-g burn , what usually kills you is a stroke . Lying there , on my death bed , all I could think about was ... " What happens next ? " I 'd never give Caty a child . But she had the plans for my drive . They 'd make her rich for the rest of her life . Because with my drive , the Epstein drive , Mars would be able to move outward . Mine the asteroids . Colonize the belt . And remake the solar system . My drive would give us the edge we needed to finally break free from Earth . And build a new world for ourselves . That 's the wonderful and terrible thing about technology . It changes everything . Those UN grunts are definitely loaded for bear . You really believe Earth is going to try to take this station ? Why else would we be here ? To guard soy beans , apparently . You wanted action , Stickman . You got it . Is this what passes for action with you Navy types , sir ? Look on the bright side , marine . You know , I really hope Eros was our tech . Be nice to have something in our back pocket to turn Earth to slag if need be . Well , fortunately for our species , no human being is dumb enough to put you in charge , Hillman . Stow the speculation . Everyone 's jumpy enough as it is . May we shoot the soy beans , sir ? Only if they shoot first . Stickman , you 're getting a little close to the UN line . Back off , maintain two clicks minimum separation . Understood , Overwatch . Stickman-one out . Yeah . Backing off . Don 't want to make the blues nervous . Boom . You in the mood to talk ? What about ? About the friends we choose to keep . Like Jules-Pierre Mao . He 's a good man , Chrisjen . Maybe he was once . But it 's quite clear now that he was involved with Eros . We have no proof that that 's the case . His own daughter was working with the OPA to stop him . So you really believe that he was trying to destroy the Earth ? Is that right ? He was playing with powers he couldn 't control . Have you had any contact with him ? No , I have no idea where he is . We need to know what he knows . You should convince him to come in from the cold . How am I supposed to do that ? He trusts you . And if he helps us , he can keep a semblance of the life he 's always known . You 're really willing to cut him a deal ? Yes . And for anyone who could help us understand what we 're dealing with . We both know how the world works . When the stakes are this high , many things are possible . I can reach out to his family . He has two sons , and another daughter that he adores . They 'll be able to reach him . Maybe they can help him turn himself in . Good . And please let them know that if they can 't ... I will rain hellfire down on them all . I will freeze their assets . Cancel their contracts . Cripple their business . And I have the power to do it , because I am the fu ... ing hero who helped save mother Earth from the cataclysm that Jules-Pierre Mao unleashed . Tell his children that government is more powerful than any corporation . And the only reason they think it tilts the other way is because we poor , public servants are always looking for some fat , private-sectors payoff down the road . But I 'm not looking . And by the time they can pull the strings to force me out , it 'll be too late . Their family will be ruined . Their mother , the children , their children , all of them , pariahs . Outlaws . Hunted and on the run for the rest of their days until we find them , and nail each and every last one to the wall . Make sure you tell them that . Hey , Alex . What the hell are you doing ? Fixing the martian flag . You 're defacing it , Picasso . I 'm making it accurate . Deimos ain 't a moon anymore . It 's just a bunch of rock . That is not funny . I disagree . It makes me smile every time I walk past it . That 's because you are an ignorant asshole . Seventeen martians died in that attack ! Do you want to do something about it ? Go ahead . Take a shot . Hold on a second . Is this your messed up way of telling me you 're sorry ? Was it messed up ? Jesus Christ . You don 't even know why I 'm mad at you , do you ? Yeah , ' cause I took care of that guy who was kicking your ass and I made you look weak . Is that what you think ? The way I see it , there 's only three kinds of people in this world , bad ones , ones you follow , and ones you need to protect . What , so I 'm the one you need to protect ? Is that right ? Yeah , there 's nothing to be ashamed of . I let a breaching pod with 25 people get blown to pieces in order to protect you . I 'm a big boy , Amos . I can fight my own battles . I 'd suggest discharging the gyros first . A lot of missiles counter-measures trickle back-up power from the guidance systems . Okay . Thanks . I wasn 't expecting your help . Belters have to help each other . No one else will . Stickman , this is Overwatch . We 're heading into Ganymede 's shadow . We 'll be in visual blackout for the next 48 minutes . Continue patrol and do not linger on the border . This is Stickman-one . Understood . What do we have here ? It 's not one of ours . And it 's definitely unarmed . Probably just an unlicensed Ag drone - from one of the greenhouses . - Copy that . Overwatch , this is Stickman , we are registering movement on the UN line . Six marines about 2.3 clicks out on foot , closing fast . They appear to be charging us . They 're jamming us ! Overwatch , are you there ? Hillman , Travis , Sa 'id , marines , do you copy ? Stickman , are you under attack ? Come again , Stickman . Their comms are being jammed from the surface . We need to boost our signal ! Sorry , sir , we 're still in blackout . One minute out ! Goddamnit , I need a surface visual now ! They are engaging in orbit ! - Who fired ? - Not our problem ! Spread out . Make a line . Free fire at 500 meters . 500 meters ? We don 't have permission to engage . If they cross that line , you will fire ! Do you understand , marine ? - Aye-aye , gunny ! - Go ! I can 't believe we 're doing this .
