 [ narrator ] In the year 2065 , war destroyed our world . In our desperation , we searched the stars for a new home . And just when we thought we 'd found one , we realized we were not alone . We have the most important mission : we must not fail . We are the last . And why , I hear you ask . Life . Survival is built into the very genome of every living thing . To endure , to evolve , at any cost . For billions of years , the planet Earth was home to many beautiful and wonderful creatures , all living in harmony with their environment . It includes of course the human race , the so called " masters of their fate . " The dominant species , who over millions of years of evolution reshaped their environment for their every need . That was until seven years ago , the year 2065 , because unfortunately , that was the year our beautiful planet was destroyed in a nuclear war that lasted just sixty-seven minutes . The bombs dropped so fast that no one had time to say goodbye , to pray , or to call their loved ones . The world 's population barely knew a war had started , but in the blink of an eye , our home was gone . The few humans that survived the post-apocalyptic world fled in scout ships to all the know corners of the galaxy , looking for a new planet to call home . I am on one of those scout ships . For all I know , we could be the last . When we received the signal from the Pegasus , we altered our course and headed for what would become our new home . The Pegasus ' sacrifice meant that humanity could start afresh and build a future . Knowing ... that we are not the last . [ Mike ] All right , I 'm removing the last screw now . [ Pete ] Make sure you keep a hold of it . [ Mike ] Relax man , these are steady hands . [ Pete ] I just don 't want to lose any if we can help it . [ Mike ] Yeah , there 's already enough screws loose around here . [ Pete ] Michael , are you disparaging the sanity of certain crew members on board , or are you making libelous insinuations about the stability of my ship ? [ Mike ] Your ship ? Fuck you man ! This ship , sweetheart , is mine ! [ Pete laughing ] Woah woah woah , fly boy ! Anybody can point this crate in a direction and press the button marked " go " , but it takes a genius , and let 's not forget , Mike , I 'm a genius , to keep her A : moving and B : from falling apart . All right ? That makes her mine . [ Jon ] Sorry to interrupt you ladies , but this " crate " as you so elegantly call it , Pete , is mine . [ Pete ] Captain . [ Jon ] Whose ship is it ? [ Pete and Mike together ] Jon 's ship . [ Jon ] Good girls . Now , how much longer on this work ? [ Mike ] I 'm just installing the new valve now . [ Jon ] Copy that . Quick as you can , gentlemen . I want engines started inside of an hour . There 's a dust cloud headed this way that 'll require more than a valve being fixed if it hits us . [ Mike ] Understood sir . Moving double quick . Where were we ? Let me just make sure he 's not still listening . Captain ? Ok yes , where were we ? This ship , Mike , is mine because I 'm the one that keeps it from falling apart every time somebody called Mike takes us too close to a star or through an asteroid belt or into a black hole or whatever it is you joyriders do when you 're fumbling at those controls . [ Mike ] Woah , woah , she may not be falling apart but you sure ain 't the one out here fixing her right now . [ Pete ] Well , delegation of duties is part of my job you see . There 's no point in risking me going outside to fix a plasma valve when I can talk you through it , Mike . This is a job a seven year old could do . [ Mike ] Oh well next time we 'll just send Lila . The suits are too big for her . Besides which , we 're supposed to only send expendable members of crew outside . [ Mike ] Oh fuck you and your expendability , man . Without me , we don 't fly . [ Pete ] That 's so weird , because I think because I think the Captain and the co-pilot are taking the next two piloting shifts-is that right ? [ Mike ] Hey , no one fies like I do . All right , I make it an art form . Anyway Mr. Important , I 'm ready to put this new valve in and get the fuck back inside so I can kick your ass . Well now , there 's incentive for me . Ok , you need to see that the corners are all lined up . Make sure the grooves match too , that way you will know that you don 't have it in back to front . [ Mike ] Have you got the manual in front of you ? I thought you were a genius ! [ Pete ] Screw the screws back in and reseal the panel and then you 're done , all right . And then I can run a pressure test on it . [ Mike ] Woah woah woah , wait until I 'm clear of this section before you run any pressure test . [ Pete ] Don 't worry , relax , there 's nothing going to blow you off and push you deep into space , as long as you 've done a proper job . [ Pegasus ] Warning . Pressure must be released in the helium tanks . [ loud burst ] [ Mike ] Shit . [ Pete ] Mike ? [ Mike ] I just dropped one of the screws . I can go after it . [ Pete ] Use one of the spares . [ Mike ] You got many of these left ? After seven years ? Mate , don 't ask . [ Mike ] Ok . All right , sorry again man . Hey , what 's for dinner tonight ? [ Pete ] Mate , it 's your favourite . [ Mike ] Oh yeah ? Steak , potato salad and a side of onion rings ? It 's my lucky night . [ Pete ] You bet . Edward 's pulling out all the stops . We 're all grateful for last night 's feast , you see . [ Mike ] Hatch is sealed . Heading back to airlock . [ Mike ] Mike to the bridge . [ Jane ] Go ahead . [ Mike ] Jane , I 've finished doing Pete 's job for him . I 'm coming back in . Copy that . Course is already plotted . [ Pegasus ] Mike is now back on board . And the airlock is sealed . Firing it up . Good job , boys . [ engine rumbling ] Whereas the Pegasus flies through space , a submarine flies through water . Do you have a submarine ? Me ? No . But , I have fixed a few . What else is there in the ocean ? In the ocean ? There 's loads of things in the ocean . Did I tell you about the coral reef ? I didn 't ? Well , the coral reef is like a big , beautiful underwater garden . A million different colours . All stretching out for miles and miles and you can explore it with all the fishes . Can we watch Jaws tonight ? You said that was about the sea . [ Laughs ] Listen , that was about .. It is about the sea , yep . But I got a big , kind of a feeling that Hayley 's not going to like me showing you Jaws We could keep it a secret ? We could keep it a secret . But only because you 're my favourite shipmate . Got it ? Don 't you have school to be at ? You sure ? [ Pegasus ] Hayley , it is now time for Lila 's school lesson . She is currently with Pete in engineering . Please let me know if you would like me to remind her . I found your last lesson on human history particularly interesting . [ Pegasus ] Controlled substance locker code accepted . Medical officer Hayley Matthews . [ exhausted panting ] [ injection and breathing slowing down ] [ sighs ] Oh god . Thruster unit four is a little sluggish . It 's kicking in two seconds after the others . I 'll run a signal check . Sending a test signal to units A through F. How was your walk outside ? Nice weather ? Oh yeah , the breeze was nice . Just another another average day at work , huh ? Every day is an average day . Not today it isn 't . Oh yeah , why 's that ? Today is someone 's special day . What do you mean ? Happy birthday . How the hell did you remember ? It 's my dad 's , or it would be my dad 's tomorrow . When you let it slip last year it just sort of stuck . Don 't worry , I haven 't reminded anyone . God forbid we should celebrate something . The years passing isn 't something I particularly want to celebrate . [ Jane ] No problem old man . I 'll just take the present back . Oh , no no , I didn 't say I didn 't want the gift ... What is it ? Well , half the fun is in the surprise ! Ok . It better not be something that 's gonna jump out and bite me in the face . There goes the surprise . You made a cake ? You ? Made a cake ? Actually ... I got Hayley to make it . I didn 't want to waste the ingredients fucking it up after the first dozen times . It was part of a cookery class for Lila . So actually this is a gift from Lila and Hayley ? Hey , I commissioned the work . Without me , that cake wouldn 't even exist ! Will there be sea where we 're going ? Probably not . I don 't think the planet we 're heading to is even habitable . Everyone else says that ours will be the one that has an atmosphere and everyone else will come here . Well , everyone else is trying to not make you worry , but what have I always told you ? The truth . That 's right . Pete always tells you the truth , doesn 't he ? Because I will never lie to you . Now don 't you have some studying for Hayley to do ? Ok , if Hayley asks where I am , will you say you haven 't seen me ? Of course I will . But only because you 're my favourite member of crew . I guess I can lie to everyone else . Go on , go . I hope that doesn 't include me , Mr. Burton . [ Laughs ] Of course not . An engineer never lies to his captain . He might exaggerate sometimes just so you appreciate the miracles he works down here . Good stuff . Now you can fix the oxy-generation units on C deck . The other units are working overtime to compensate , and if they start burning out then the minor problem of breathing becomes a major issue . Especially when you waste oxygen by using welding equipment . They 're not gonna burn out , for one , I replaced the knackered unit with the one from the escape pod , so we 're all ok there . You can 't use the unit from the escape pod . First , it 's not big enough to replace a unit that serves a whole deck , and second , it 's from the escape pod ! If any of us ever need it , we won 't survive more than a few minutes in there ! Oh , you 've got your eye on it , have you ? Oh that 's not even funny . Enough , Gentlemen ! Pete , I know you have a lot to do right now , - but Edward 's right . - Edward 's right . You need to put the generator back on the pod where it belongs , and I need the one on level C fixed in the next 24 hours . Otherwise you can go in the pod and free up some oxygen for the rest of us . Yes , boss . Anything else ? Nope . I 'm sure we 'll all be quite hungry soon . Hmm . It is your night to prepare dinner , isn 't it ? Such a great day ! Well ? The plasma overload did more than screw the valve . Mmm-mm , thank you . Truly , your generosity knows no bounds . Yeah , can I get that box back ? Cos I may need that again next year . It 's mine , you gave it to me . Thanks . There are crumbs in that . I want in ! All right . I guess , here you go . Thank you . Good you know how to share . It 's delicious . Mmm , I did good , right ? Oh that is good . - You got a little ... Right here ? - Huh ? No no , no , I 'll get it . Yeah , right ... - I 'm just trying to - - You 're hitting on me ! - What ? I 'm not hitting on you . - You 're totally hitting on me . No ! You had something , you had - That is a move ! - That is totally a move ! - It 's not a move . Oh come on , you think I don 't know a move ? What , seven years on a ship and I don 't know what a move is ? - I was - - Come on . Ok look , it 's my birthday . It 's my birthday . All right , I 'm gonna allow this . Come here . [ alert sound ] Are you kidding me ? Pegasus , is diagnostic done already ? [ Pegasus ] Negative , we have received communication . That far out ? Where the hell is it from ? It is from the Utah . What do they say ? It 's encrypted . Captain 's eyes only . Shit , from where they were headed , it would take how long ? I 'm assuming they stayed on course with their flight plan ... That message would have been sent four months ago . The only ship with that kind of communication range , and a call that takes that long to get through ... It 's gotta be important . I think you know it 's been like a tightrope for me since we left , Captain . I 'm trying to balance maintaining the systems with keeping enough in reserve . Actually I 'm getting a bit of extra efficiency - Pete , I know . Basically Captain , the engine is working twice as hard as she should . I 'm burning up antimatter like there 's no tomorrow , as a consequence I 've had to re-route - Pete ... Pete . Captain we don 't have enough antimatter , now , to make the return journey . We can get there just fine , we just can 't make it home . - You 're sure ? - Hundred percent . Pegasus , confirm my findings . Findings confirmed , Pete . There is presently not enough antimatter to return to the Earth 's solar system . [ Pete ] You should probably brief the crew . [ Jon ] No , no . Hope is what keeps this ship going , I don 't want to rob them of that . I 'll be honest , Cap , I 'm running out of hope faster than I 'm running out of screws . Captain , we have received a transmission from the Utah . It is encoded " Captain 's eyes only " . Something will turn up , it always does . Yep . I need you to keep this between us until then , ok ? Ok . [ Pegasus ] Attention all crew : Edward is delighted to announce that dinner is ready . If you would all like to make your way to the mess hall . I hope you all enjoy your dinner . [ woman ] Please , always know ... Always remember . I love you more than anything in existence . I know you feel the same . I will always be with you . Complete your mission . It is the most important thing for us both . The future of humanity depends on it . Goodbye my love . [ Pegasus ] End of message , sir . [ Gerry ] What is it that you 're drawing ? - There you go . - Thank you [ Hayley ] Right , here we go . How yummy does this look ? [ Gerry ] What the heck is this ? Somebody throw up ? Come on , there 's loads here . Not everyone 's had a share yet . Just put a little more chow on my plate . - Move along ! - Don 't tell me to move along , just put some more fucking food on my plate . Hey Mike ! Come on . I 'll get ill with him cooking it anyways . He 's probably running experiments on us . Let it go . Every morning you guys do this . Believe me , I have better subjects for scientific inquiry than you . How 's the steak , Mike ? - Bitter . - Oh wow . Today I 'm gonna have it medium with peppercorn sauce please , and a wine list . Where 's the wine list Edward ? [ Pete ] Mmm , smells good . - Wine . - Wine ? Ah , nice bottle of Merlot ... Cabernet Sauvignon ... You don 't know about these things , but , you know . Oh wow . This is amazing , Edward . [ Pete ] Dickins would be proud of this . I can 't wait until it 's your turn . - I 'll do it . - You try doing something special with unrefined protein and carbohydrates . [ Jane ] You know what , I 'll happily take your shift , Pete , if you can prioritize fixing my shower head . Woah . What have I told you about removing it from the mounting to , uh ... " test the water pressure " ? [ Gerry ] What are you doing in that shower ? I gotta pass the time somehow . Hey , hey , hey , listen up real quick . As you guys know , we had to shut down the engines to make some minor repairs . Everything 's fine , just wanted to let you know . Everything 's good to go . [ Edward ] Sure . Gunning the engines for seven years on a short range transport . [ Mike ] Oh woah woah . [ Pete ] Here we go .. We don 't gun the engines . We make this baby purr . [ Jon ] He 's got one good point there . These crafts were not made to go the distance we 're taking them . [ Pete ] Really ? ! Are you sure ? ! [ Hayley ] Or comforts , or privacy , or proper hygiene . [ Mike ] Or a decent work out regime . [ Pete ] No , we 're getting the pool installed next week , you know that ? Yeah . Yeah , I 've been meaning to write a letter about that . Yeah , the pilot seat needs fixing too . It 's kinda squeaky - [ Gerry ] Everybody - [ Jon ] There 's a lot of squeaky stuff in the - [ Gerry ] Woah ! Let 's let the Captain speak . I think he has something to tell us . Captain ? Ahh , we got the status report in from the Utah . As you know they are the ship closest to us and sent to scope out sector 349G . The planet they were targeting came back negative . So they 've started their final run back to the fleet . - Lucky bastards . - Right , I ... Listen , I know it 's not good news guys , but we still have a mission to do . It just means we 're going to be the ones that get to discover the new Earth . [ Edward ] Seven years wasted . Fourteen years when they get back . [ Jane ] Everyone knows these issues were a lottery . Some people got journeys twice as long . Some people got trips of one year . They weren 't even out of comms range of the fleet . Why couldn 't I have been on one of those fucking ships rather than this one ? [ Mike ] I think we all would have liked that . [ Jane ] The longer the mission , Gerry , more chance there is something going wrong , and the less chance there is of getting back . Everyone knew that . Everyone still knows that . [ Jon ] Here , here . [ Mike ] That 's right . We 're looking good for an old ship . Come on . [ Jon ] I know [ Mike ] Right . [ Gerry ] That 's cold comfort for someone who couldn 't make the choice seven years ago . She 's had seven years more of life this way than she would have had otherwise . - What life ? - How can you say that ? She 's got more goodness in that little finger , than you 've got in your entire body . Well , that goodness is going to wither on the vine and turn into dust - - Hey ! Just , Gerry , what ... ? - What are ... ? - Why do you always ... ? - Hey , hey , hey . Listen . Listen . As long as we have a mission , guys , we have hope . Okay ? There 's no reason to believe this planet is not the right one . Okay ? It 's in the habitable zone . Edward , all of your long range scans have been encouraging , haven 't they ? So far . [ Gerry ] A little bit of elaboration . [ Jon ] Yeah , can you give us more here ? Well , long range scans haven 't shown anything , not habitable , but it 's still a longshot . We won 't know until I send down the probe . Statistically though , it 's unlikely that ours or any of the other ships are going to succeed . And what the hell ? We can cultivate our own food and we 've got water recyc . We just turn this ship around and head back and we will survive . I want to get back to work . [ Edward ] Until the oxygen breaks down ... [ Pete ] I 'm repairing those right now , Edward . And then we slowly suffocate to death . This is him being encouraging ? This is him being Edward . [ Edward ] I 'm just saying that 's the situation . And I 'm just saying reign in the negativity . We 've still got our job to do . In fact , your job just became the most important . She 's got a point , Edward . Once we get there , I 'm going to need you all over the telemetry . We only got one probe . [ Mike ] Looks like you finally became useful . Fuck you . Can I have seconds now ? I 'd better get back to the bridge . Pegasus is probably getting bored flying herself . - I 'll go . - I thought you wanted more food . No , I 'm done . I 'm not hungry anymore . Guys , we 're almost there . You know , I do wonder though about the Utah . And how many are the ships that have been lost . It must have happened to some . I just hope that it wasn 't to ones that were on their way to a habitable world . Someone does find something . It 's seven years back . God knows how many heading to where the new world is . - Hayley . - What 's up , sweetheart ? Can I watch a movie tonight with Pete ? Not tonight . We 've got a big day tomorrow , so I need you to get some proper sleep . And no one is sneaking around the ship . You know , Gerry gets grumpy if we wake him up . Oh , all right . That 's it . I 'm gone . [ Woman ] Please , always know , always remember ... I love you more than anything in existence ... I know you feel the same . I will always be with you . Complete your mission ... It is the most important thing . For us both . The future of humanity depends on it . Goodbye , my love . [ Pegasus ] End of message , Captain . Would you like me to play it once more ? Did you clean your teeth ? Good , because I really don 't fancy doing any more dental work . Pulling out Pete 's molar was enough for me . Pete said he wouldn 't trust anyone else to do it . He said , for a nurse , you make a better dentist than most dentists . Did he ? Well , that 's very kind of him to say . Although , to be honest , I 'd be quite happy if I didn 't get every vaguely medicine related job on the ship . - Hey ! - You 're busy ? No , not even flying . I 've got it on autopilot . Wow . Jane 's plotted too good a course to bother changing . No , I meant " Wow , that 's a special kind of laziness " . But seeing as you 've got a minute , it 's time for ... Night of the Living Dead . Why did you choose that one again ? Come on , this is a classic . You love this one . Give it another chance . I know how much you love it really deep down . You can 't sleep , Pete ? Well , if I can 't sleep , you 're not sleeping . Where 's the popcorn , buddy ? Well , we could have some recycled protein . I 'll pass . [ eerie music ] What was my mom and dad like ? They were great people . They were the best kind of parents you could have , because they loved you very much . Why did they leave me ? Sweetheart , they didn 't leave you . They saved you when they couldn 't save themselves . You were too young to remember . There was a lot of confusion when people left Earth . Some people got left behind that really shouldn 't have . There wasn 't enough room . Did they die ? I don 't know , sweetheart . I know they wanted to find a new home and that 's why they gave you to me when you were just this big . And now you are big and grown-up . I don 't think I could carry you now , like I could back then . So I 'm going to do my best . You know ? I 'm going to find you a new home . We 're going to be all right . You and me . Good night , Hayley . Good night , sweetheart . Sweet dreams . [ injection ] [ rap music ] You want some ? [ rap music stops ] Is she okay ? She asked about her parents . What did you say ? That they loved her ... and they wanted her to be here . One day you 're going to have to tell her what happened . I know . Not today . She 's too young . I really thought the Utah could have been the one . I mean I know anyone of us could have been the one , but that seemed to really make a good fit . Some have a better chance than others . Just focus on our mission . If you keep thinking about all the others , you 'll go crazy . Someone will find a place . Whoever does is going to be remembered . Like the first people to fly or walk on the Moon or Mars . No one forgets their names . And no one is going to forget the first people to find the next alien world , especially if there 's something memorable to say . Jane , do you mean like Neil Armstrong 's One small step ? Yeah . Although , if I knew I was going to be the first person to walk in a new world , I 'd sell my first line to the highest bidder . - You 're kidding . - No . Sing a jingle , say an advertising slogan . It 'd be remembered forever . It 'd worth a fortune . Be no different to wearing branding . I 'm pretty sure most of the advertising executives burnt up in the war . You 're going to have to settle for something profound . Something profound ? [ Pegasus ] Girls , although Neil Armstrong said his words just came to him and were never pre-written . After that mission , NASA pre-wrote many speeches like James Church 's speech for when he first walked on Mars , there were many not used and all of them in my library . I will select some for you to read as inspiration and send them to your personal library . I 'm thinking about having sex with Pete . Does he know this ? No . Or at least I haven 't told him . - I think he 'll be up for it . - Yeah , he is a man . I just really miss that feeling of a man on top of me , you know . Why Pete , out of interest ? I just get the impression he 'd try very hard . Make sense you two getting together . You 're the nearest thing to parents to Lila . I don 't want to get together with Pete . I was just joking . Just , forget it . Fair enough . Just let him fix the oxy-unit first . Otherwise you 'll be engaging in an auto asphyxiation . Shhh ... I love this part . Good morning , everyone . I hope you all slept well . The Captain would like to see you at 08 : 00 in the Mess Hall , before breakfast . Thank you . Morning . - Morning . - Where is Lila ? She 's still asleep . Gerry ? He 's hungover . All right . Look , guys , tomorrow we 're entering the target system . When we are close enough , we 're going to launch the probe , we 're going to start receiving telemetry . Edward , do you want to take over ? Well , we 're looking for two priorities . One is an atmosphere comparable to ours , nitrogen , oxygen , argon . And the other is presence of water or ice . Those are the two essentials . On the would be nice list is an existing ecosystem with edible flora and fauna . What about animals ? Yeah . We 're expecting aliens down there ? Oh , just a bit of poultry would be nice . No , non-deadly indigenous creatures are on the unlikely list . Once the probe is launched , we just keep taking continuous readings until we get a conclusive result . Look , guys , if the results come back positive , we send a signal back to the fleet before we land . And if the results read negative ? If it 's not habitable , then we move on . And that 's all ? Back to the fleet ? That 's the plan . All right , guys . Look . Stay sharp . We 're almost there . Okay ? Let 's have a good day . Show me .. It 's getting worse . How are you feeling ? [ sighs ] Not particularly great . I wonder if it has less to do with the illness now . I 've always considered the possibility that I 'd die on this ship . Nothing 's certain , Gerry . I 'm not even sure if the species deserves a second chance . We 'd just make the same mistakes . What mistakes wouldn 't you make again ? Trusting the Chinese . Very P.C. No , very true , you mean . Perhaps for your generation . Forgive me . And I thought you were one of the last of mankind . Homeless , running around aimlessly like me . Look . Gerry ... [ Gerry winces in pain ] Oh ! Man ... Hold on . No , no , no . Okay . Anyway , thanks , I 'm sorry about the depressing thoughts . Hang on . Let me give you something for the pain that you 're quite obviously in . Now , this stuff - [ Pegasus ] Controlled substances locker code accepted . [ Gerry ] I 'm fine , really . [ Pegasus ] Medical officer , Hayley Matthews . Pegasus . Who apart from me has access to the controlled substance 's locker ? Access is restricted to yourself and the Captain . Your last access was 14 hours ago . [ Gerry sighs ] I 'm sorry . Sorry I found out ? Yes . Look . Gerry , if you were in this much pain , you should have said . I would have given it to you in the correct doses . I took it until the pain goes . That 's the correct dose . You could die if you take too much of that stuff . Not too much of a threat to a guy who has a terminal illness . You could have years . And how those years I 'm sure they 'll be . - Gerry . - No , look , Hayley . I assure you ... dying is the last thing I intend to do . They 're coming to get you , Barbara . Why are you sneaking up on me for ? This old piece of shit . Are you drunk ? Why don 't you ever watch anything decent ? Where did you get that bottle ? Have you been hiding that from us ? I haven 't had a real drink in twelve months . I don 't care . I really don 't care about you or your pal . I just wish you 'd all fuck off and die and leave me in peace . Why don 't you go and sleep this off ? You 're just wasting your time - with this piece of God damn - - Hey , hey ! What the fuck is wrong with you ? Huh ? You 're so depressed you want to bring us all down with you ? You want me to kill you , you piece of shit ? You want me to murder you , is that what it is ? Try it . [ laughs ] Kill me . And then see who is going to interpret the data from the probe . Right now I am the most important guy on this whole ship . I 'll show you how important you are . [ Pegasus ] Attention . Code Orange . Attention . Code Orange . Attention . Code Orange . It 's not possible . - What is it ? - We 're too far out . What 's the problem ? Captain to the Bridge . I repeat . Captain to the Bridge . Code Orange . We have a Code Orange . Say again , Mike , it sounded like you said code Orange . Confirmed , sir . You heard me correctly . It just hit our scans now . Edge of our range . Doesn 't look like she 's moving . Do you have a visual ? I will if I swing us . All stop . Meet me at the obs deck . What is it ? Are we about to explode ? Are we on fire ? Running out of air ? Is there someone pregnant ? Will you kindly inform me what is happening ? We have a Code Orange . What the fuck is a Code Orange ? It means there 's another ship out there . [ Jon ] I almost didn 't believe it . [ Edward ] I still can 't . [ Mike ] Believe it , sir . It 's real . Pegasus , do we know who it is ? The ship does not have a functioning beacon or signal transponder . It is a standard PT 32 design . The same as us . That is the most common type of scout ship . But one of ours off course ? The only ship near was the Utah . There 's no way it could be one of ours gone off course . Pegasus , telescope . Coordinates eighty-seven . Vector 12 A. Zoom . Enhance . Oh , great . It 's a Chinese ship . How the hell are they here ? They sent out the same scans we did . Maybe they launched a couple of months ahead of us . Which begs the question why they stopped . They 're right on the edge of the system . Why not continue ? Maybe they sent a probe to the planet , proved it wasn 't viable . They just figured it wasn 't worth it . Maybe they 're making repairs . - Maybe they 're dead . - Hey . Maybe we should just stop speculating . All right ? Until we have a little bit more information . Right now all we know is that there is a ship out there . Mike , resume course . That 'll swing us right by it we can get a closer look . - Edward . - Yes . Wake everyone up . So what if they 're hostile ? Okay . That 's a possibility . I think we 're too close to stop now . I say keep going . That ship could have every spare part we 'd ever need . It could make our lives like a hundred times easier . Come on . Exactly . And there are certain medical supplies we seem to be running out of quicker than we should be . Captain , whatever happened on that ship , to stop them it could happen to us ! Oh . Okay . Or the information on that ship could help us foresee something ... [ Gerry ] Yeah , yeah , yeah . As feeling as that sounds I see no good in treading in dead men 's footsteps . But what if they need our help ? Oh , fuck that . Let 's complete our mission , then we can circle back and investigate if we have to head back to the fleet . - We can 't do that . [ Jon ] All right . [ Gerry ] Oh , that 's sure . The new world is just around the corner . And you haven 't even sent out the probe . And then what the hell ? You have some revelation from God ? We can 't make it home . - What ? - Captain ? The plasma overload last week burnt 12 cubics of anti-matter . We 'll use the reserve . Pete ? - We already did . [ Gerry ] Oh , Jesus . [ Jane ] What ? Okay . Listen . We need anti matter to make it back . That ship may have some . When the hell were you going to let us know that ? This is not a democracy , Gerry . We 're boarding that ship . We 're going to help them or ourselves or both . The information on that computer is critical to us . We need this . We don 't have a choice , guys . [ Pegasus ] Captain , all attempts to hail the unidentified PT32 have gone unanswered . I cannot sync with their AI system , which is unusual . It may be offline . Our approach course is set . And we will be ready to dock within the hour . [ Jon ] Guys , when we get in there we are going to head straight to the computer area in the Bridge and try to link up . Then I want you to go to Engineering to figure out if they 've got any fuel left . Okay , Jane . We 're at the airlock . We 're ready . Copy , that . Good luck , boys . [ Jon ] Jon to Jane . Seal the airlock . We 're on the Chinese ship . Seal the hatch . [ Pegasus ] Jane , hull integrity of the unidentified PT 32 is at 62 % . Protocol recommends we seal the airlock , and retract the docking corridor while the away team complete their mission . Correction . Whole integrity of the unidentified PT32 is now at 61 % . [ Pete ] I don 't like this . Where the hell is everyone ? [ Mike ] We should have come across a couple of bodies at least . [ Jon ] Keep it together , guys . Pete , go and check in there . [ Pete ] Yes , sir . Meet us on the Bridge . [ Pete ] Nothing but rotten food in here , Captain . [ Jon ] Can you get a read down over here ? [ Pete ] Copy . [ Pete ] It 's all in Chinese . I 'm assuming their system read outs are the same as ours , which case it looks like we got good atmosphere pressure , environment is a little hot , but we do have oxygen . We should be able to breathe . [ Mike ] So we could take these off ? [ Gerry ] Yeah , sure . After you . [ Jon ] Okay . I need you to get the main engine power back on so we can get the computer back online . [ Pete ] Okay , all right . [ Chinese recording ] - Voila . [ Jon ] Ah , it 's good stuff . Okay . I 'm going to see if I can access their logs , figure out what happened . Head to Engineering and see if that there 's anything that we can salvage . Mike , I need you to figure out how and when they got here and how long they 'd been here . How 's your Chinese ? It 's been a while since I needed it . Yeah , same here . Well , at least the ships are the same so the controls are identical . Yeah , all made in Taiwan . Hayley speaks some Chinese . I 'm hoping she can translate them , but we 've got to find the logs first . No crew . No sign of life . Is this what happened to her ? [ Mike ] I think I 've got something . [ Chinese recording ] Huh . [ speaking Chinese ] That 's it ? It 's the last one . He doesn 't look worried or anything . He seemed concerned . Maybe whatever happened , they didn 't know it was coming . How are you coming with the transport logs ? Not good . All the file headings are in Chinese . I 'm going to have to go through them one by one . Okay . Upload them to Pegasus . We 'll get Hayley started on the translation . - I 'm doing it now . - Okay . What ? - Somebody else is on this ship . [ Mike ] What ? Someone else is on this ship . [ Jon ] Who ? I don 't know who , but I 've seen enough scary movies in my time to know not to go and investigate the loud noise . I thought I 'd swing back , grab some of my friends and we can all go and take a look . I 'll check the internal sensors . Offline , great . Okay . We 're blind here , guys . We have to do a sweep . Stay close . Let 's go . [ Pegasus ] Jane . Pete was able to get the Dragon 's AI unit up and running . I am now connected to it . Hayley , Mike has sent over some files for you to translate . Many of the Dragon 's systems are still offline , including the internal sensors . The Captain has now ordered to ship to ship radio silence . They have a code 7 situation on board . Mike , watch your six . I 've got it , Cap . I thought we checked the whole ship . Obviously not . Are you sure you saw something ? I 'm sure I saw something . I 've never seen you run so fast , Pete . Hey , you know what ? You don 't believe me , why don 't you run ahead and take a look ? What was it ? I didn 't get a good look . Okay ? But it was like some like craze maniac , like 6 feet or something like that . Six feet ? It 's in engineering . Pete , it 's the Engineering ... Okay . Okay . Okay . I see it . It 's just in here . You wanna go first ? You got it . Yeah . Okay . [ Yells ] Jesus . He 's only a kid . Probably Pete 's six foot monster . - He knocked you over , didn 't he ? - I tripped . Of course you did . Hopefully he 's got some answers . I got him . Let 's go . Six feet , huh ? I don 't want to talk about it . Is that what you call backup ? [ Pete ] It was leadership skill that made me warn you . Hey , Captain . Yeah . Me and Mike were wondering ... if anything happened to you , who would you want to take command of the ship ? You know , in the event of something going bad , who ... ? Captain . Actually Pete was wondering . I know the answer to that already . Oh , what I was saying is I assumed you would be , you know , the person that knows the most about the ship . I would base it completely on looks , guys . Bridge , come in . [ Jane ] Bridge , here . What 's happening , Captain ? We found a survivor , a small Chinese boy . Yeah , Jane . But the airlock is not working . Can you unlock it from your end ? [ Jane ] There 's no problem on this end . Pegasus , release the airlock . [ Pegasus ] Outer airlock has been sealed . Override must be manually entered . I 'm afraid that would be me . What do you mean ? [ Edward ] Captain , I locked it . In case any survivors from the Chinese ship try to gain access to the Pegasus . Yeah . Well , it 's just us and a boy . So you can let us in . I can 't risk it . We don 't want whatever happens over there happening in here . You 're just going to have to stay there until we understand what 's going on . [ Mike ] Open that fucking door , Edward . [ Pete ] Edward , it 's just us . There 's no risk . Open the door . That 's a direct command . [ Edward ] Captain , with you and Mike off the ship , I 'm the next person in command . And I will not risk it . You guys shouldn 't even have removed your helmets . We don 't know what happened to the crew over there . We don 't know if they got sick . You have endangered the entire mission by - I thought he 'd never shut up . [ Hayley ] Just hoping Edward calm down a little , sir . Hayley . Manually reversing override . [ Pegasus ] Airlock opened . [ Pete ] Based on looks , you hear that ? [ Mike ] Yes , so that means me . [ Pete ] You wish . You have endangered our lives by doing this . You should have left him over there to die . You know what ? Better yet , you should have finished the job yourselves . He is just a child , for goodness sake . Would you happily have Lila killed , just as easy ? - That is different . - How come ? Lila is not our enemy . His people are . It 's exactly the attitude that got us here in the first place . Well . You know what ? Like it or not , we are here . And his people are after the same thing we are . You know , I highly , highly doubt that two flags are going to be planted in the same sand together . Hayley ! What can you tell me about him ? Not a great deal . He is between four and six years old , malnourished , poor state of hygiene . Severely traumatized by whatever happened on that ship or the sheer fact that he 's been there for however long . He is sedated now . I 'll talk to him when he wakes up . Captain , I have Pete wanting to speak with you from the Dragon . Go ahead , Pete . Captain , I 've checked the anti-matter supply over here . There 's hardly anything left . Nowhere near what we need to get home . Are you sure ? A hundred percent . Checked it twice . Looks like they didn 't leave anything for the trip home . Copy that . I 'm sending Mike over now . Strip down everything that 's not nailed down . As soon as you guys are done , we 're heading out . Roger . You 're happy ? Fucking wonderful ! Can you believe all the cool stuff they had it here ? You definitely checked all their reserves . Right ? I checked it and I checked it twice . Look just accept it bud , theirs was a one way trip . Hey , you think they knew something we don 't ? Yeah . Get to the planet . Claim it before the westerners do . Right , come on . Let 's get this out of here . Yeah . Good idea , mate . Because I just removed all the isotope guards . [ alert sound ] I can feel the heat already . What 's going to happen ? Well mate , in a couple of minutes the ship won 't be here . I 'll see you back on board . All right ? You hang back for a bit . Hey , man , that 's not funny . [ Pete ] I think he would have made me captain eventually . No , he would have done . You can even get there with the open door . That was because I was letting you , - like audition for the role . - Yeah . Yeah . Okay . - I was feeling sorry for you . - Yeah . - Oh , crap . - What ? I 've left my pad behind . Here , take this . Oh , forget it . We ain 't got time . Oh , we 've gotten minutes . I thought you said the ship was going to blow . In ten minutes . I 'll meet you on the bridge . - It won 't be a minute . - All right . Be quick . I will . [ Chinese recording ] Pete to Bridge . Go ahead , Pete . [ Pete ] Jane , the airlock is sealed again . Pete , are you still over there ? Yeah . And I 'd really like to get off about now . No one over here has touched it . Edward . No , he 's still out in the Medi-bay . Pegasus , who ordered the airlock be sealed ? [ Pegasus ] Jane . It was The Dragon herself . Warning : hull breach . Emergency airlock containment procedure initiated . What the hell was that ? Some sort of explosion in the airlock . Are we still secure ? Inner door is sealed and intact ... - Outer door is fucked . - He 's still over there . What do you mean Pete 's still over there ? In the other ship . He went back to get something . Now he 's fucking trapped . Pete , how long you have before that engine goes bad ? About seven minutes . Okay , Pete . You need to listen to me . You get yourself into a spacesuit and you can space walk across . There 's no good . We left all the spacesuits and the helmets on the Pegasus for spares . Shit yeah that 's right . Okay . Okay , Pete . Listen up . I 'm going to move us over close to you . You open your airlock door anyway . The explosive decompression will throw you over to us . You can survive in space a few seconds without a suit . When he gets across , how do we let him back in ? The outer airlock door is hanging off . If we open the inner one we lose the atmosphere from the whole ship . We 'll lock down the whole section . No , no , no , guys , guys . That 's going to take too long . It 's going to be manual override and once we vent out the atmosphere - it 'll blast him back . Pete . - Yeah . I need you to get to the escape pod and we 'll pick you up after launch . Okay . On it . - Mike . - Cap ? Get to the Med Bay , check on Edward , make sure he 's still unconscious , and make sure that Hayley has the boy . Jane , move us away from the ship . - Mike , get a weapon . - Got it . Sir , shouldn 't we wait ? Jane , just do it . [ Pegasus ] Warning . The Dragon 's antimatter chamber is destabilizing . Warning . Pegasus is within predicted blast radius . Still no pod launch . Come on , Pete . What the hell is he doing ? [ Pete ] No escape pod . Pete . It 's okay . I know what has to happen . I 'm sorry . Me too . Listen ... The oxy-generation units , they need pressure releasing every three to four weeks otherwise the valve blows . And we don 't have too many valves left . And if you need the valves , they 're actually in the maintenance cabinet in my room . Pete . Listen , because you need to know some of this stuff . The Medi-bay : The emergency batteries in the Medi-bay are actually currently powering the water recyc system . Ah , so if you need the Medi-bay , for someone 's appendix or something like that , you need to manually switch it . It 's been an honor , Pete . Likewise . I 'm sorry . I am so sorry . I shouldn 't have let you go back . Hey , hey , shut up . There 's nothing to apologize for . You take care of yourself , all right mate ? - Pete . - Hey , hey scamp . [ Lila ] Please come back , Pete . Oh , I want to , but I can 't . There 's been an accident and I 'm stuck over here . It 's really silly . But , listen . Everything 's going to be okay because Hayley is - What 's going to happen ? Ok ... in about a minute I 'm going to die . But listen . It 's going to be very quick and it 's okay because for that minute I get to talk to you . And I get to tell you that ... I get to tell you that I love you very , very much . And I 'm so happy because you , because you 're going to go see the ocean and I helped you get there . Don 't be sad , baby . I love you very much . And I need you to ... I need you to keep a secret for me . Can you do that ? Okay , lean real , real close , real close to the monitor . I need you to tell Hayley that I 'm sorry I didn 't tell her everything I should have already told her . Okay . Can you do that for me ? I haven 't got very long . Do you understand ? Don 't be sad , baby . Everything 's going to be okay . I lo - I love you . What did I tell you , Captain ? I warned you about meddling with the Chinese . No one could have predicted this would happen . Well , I 'm glad that you would think so . Because we just lost the only man that could keep this ship running . Fortunately now , we 're in the system . I don 't know how else this crate is going to keep going . Mike , change out the suit . Jane , get us back on course . [ Pegasus ] Replaying now 8470 . [ Mike ] All right , I 'm removing the last screw now . [ Pete ] Make sure you keep a hold of it . [ Mike ] Relax , man . These are steady hands . [ Pete ] I just don 't want to lose any if we can help it . [ Mike ] Yeah , there is already enough screws loose around here . [ Pete ] Michael , are you disparaging the sanity of certain crew members on board , or are you making libelous insinuations about the stability of my ship ? [ Mike ] Your ship ? Fuck you , man . This ship , sweetheart , is mine . [ Pete ] Woah , woah , woah , fly boy . Anybody can point this crate in a direction and press the button marked " Go " but it takes a genius , and let 's not forget , Mike , - I 'm a genius , to keep her : [ Jane ] Are you okay ? A moving and B , from falling apart . All right ? That makes it mine . Sorry to interrupt you ladies , but this crate , as you so elegantly call it , Pete , is mine . [ Pete ] Captain . [ Captain ] Whose ship is it ? [ Pete ] Jon 's ship [ Mike ] Jon 's ship [ Jon ] Good girls . Now , how much longer on this work ? [ Mike ] I 'm just installing the new valve now . [ Jon ] Copy that . Quick as you can , gentlemen . I want engines restarted inside of an hour . There 's a desk cloud headed this way that 'll require more than a valve being fixed if it hits us . [ Mike ] Understood , sir . Moving double quick . [ Pete ] Where were we ? Let me just make sure he 's not still listening . Captain ? Ok , yes . Where were we ? This ship , Mike , is mine , because I 'm the one that keeps it from falling apart every time somebody called Mike takes us too close to a star or an asteroid belt or into a black hole or whatever it is you joyriders do when you 're fumbling at those controls . [ Mike ] Woah , woah , she may not be falling apart but you sure ain 't the one out here fixing her right now . [ Mike ] Well , delegation of duties is part of my job , you see . There 's no point in risking me going outside to fix a plasma valve when I can talk you through it , Mike . This is a job a seven-year-old could do . [ Mike ] Oh , well . Next time why don 't you just send Lila ? [ Pete ] The suits are too big for her . Besides which we 're supposed to only send expendable members of crew outside . How are you feeling ? I 'll live . You hit me really hard . We weren 't supposed to let them on board . - Just obeying regulations . - Pete 's dead . What ? Huh , how did that happen ? Will you please stop talking ? [ speaking Chinese ] - Listen to me . Listen to me . Listen to me . Calm down . Do you speak English ? [ speaking Chinese ] Call the captain . [ Haley speaks Chinese ] [ Pegasus ] Security breach . Medical Bay . Security breach . Medical Bay . Security breach . Medical Bay . Security breach . Medical Bay . It 's okay . [ speaking Chinese ] [ speaking Chinese ] Find out what happened to his ship . And don 't let him out of your sight . Or him . [ woman ] She is dead . Does that mean I 'm not hallucinating ? Come on . You know better than all that . I could be dead and you could still be hallucinating me . Great . Best of both worlds . Everyone should prepare for death . Please . Jay . Lila . How was he ? Sleeping . Get anything out of him ? Not a lot . My Chinese isn 't great and even when I used the translation programs there were still questions that he didn 't want to answer . I asked him about his parents and the other people on the ship and still nothing . Something really traumatic must have happened on that ship . But he doesn 't want to tell me . Yeah . Mike and Edward found the flight log . Pete ... Pete was right . They didn 't save everything from the return flight . They burned out everything they had to get here a few months ahead of us . The escape pod was launched six months ago . The boy has been on his own for that long . No wonder he 's so feral . You know the weird thing is in the weeks that followed after they launched the escape pod , the airlock opened like five or six times , but no ships docked . He must have tried to kill himself , but couldn 't go through with it . [ Pegasus ] Captain . Go ahead . We 're now within range of the planet . Edward has confirmed that the probe is ready to launch . Thank you . Tell Edward to launch immediately . [ Pegasus ] Probe 's launched successfully . It all comes down to this . Yeah . Do you think we 'll make it ? Yeah , I do . I don 't . On the lower screen ? Yeah , I see it . You call it for me ? It can 't be about the probe already . It 's too early for that . We 've got news of another one . The Chinese probe . What about it ? According to their computer , the probe was sent out a couple of hours before their escape pod was launched , only to a different address . What do you mean a different address ? The system doesn 't have just one planet in the habitable zone . It has two . They occupy the same orbit . The telescopic scans confused the one with the other . Do you know what this means ? Two potentially habitable planets . We just doubled our chances . Have you received any data transmission from the probe ? After they launched their ship drifted out of range . The probe should have transmitted , but look . They never received the telemetry . We 're a lot closer into the system , so when we launch our probe ... So we should start to receive the data transmission then . I think we will . Right now that second planet is behind their Sun . And if my calculations are right then in a couple of days that planet should just pop right out , will be in line the sight , and we 'll be able to receive the transmissions from the Chinese probe . We get two rolls of the dice , gentlemen . For now we wait . [ woman ] Penny for your thoughts , Captain . You know what I 'm thinking , Captain . Always . Your crew don 't see it , but I can feel the sadness washing over you like waves on a beach . You 're thinking how old my children would be if we 'd gone ahead as originally planned . I wonder who they would have gone with . You 're hoping you . I 'm alive . Did she draw the short straw ? Did her crew mutiny and kill her ? And the child ? Did she kill herself ? Maybe I killed him . That 's what being Captain means . Taking difficult decisions and sticking with them . I know what it takes to be a Captain . [ Mike ] Captain ? Are you awake ? Yeah . Everything is fine . Go back to bed . [ Pegasus ] Locker code expired . Medical officer Hayley Matthews , please enter updated access code . Locker code accepted . Captain Jon Dale Oh . Hey ! Hey , what ? No , fuck ! God ! Oh , fuck ! Shit ! God ! What did you do ? What the hell did you do to him ? What are you talking about ? We were drinking ... watching a movie ... We had a drink . I found him like that ! Oh , my God . Pegasus , who else has been in here ? [ Pegasus ] Warning . Main frame breach in Engineering . I cannot help . Where the hell is Lila ? [ Gerry ] Damn it ! I knew this was going to happen . We have to find the boy . God . Mike . God . [ Pegasus ] Warning . Security breach . My program is being tampered with . The only access point is in Engineering . Hey . Let me talk to him . [ speaking Chinese ] He said he didn 't do it . Yeah . Of course he 'd say that . But nobody was dying till he showed up . He 's just a boy . You know what ? Mike was sleeping . And even a boy can cut a throat if someone 's sleeping . And it takes a special kind of boy , doesn 't it ? I agree . It 's him . [ speaking Chinese ] You must know . Where is she ? Where is Lila ? [ Lila ] Here I am . Oh , my God . Are you okay ? [ Lila ] Yes . We were playing hide-and-seek . When did you last see him ? He just got here . He was supposed to be looking for me , not hiding . Okay . What do we do with him ? You know what ? If the airlock was working , I 'd say flush him out . We can 't kill him . You know what ? You people , do what you want . But I 'm going to tell you what , captain . No way I 'm sleeping in the same room with this kid . Anyone is liable to get his throat cut . Excuse me . [ Jon ] Right now we get back to work and check Pegasus is still running properly . [ Pegasus ] Good morning , Captain . Edward was able to repair my main frame , so I am very happy to be your wake-up call today . However , most of my sensors are still offline . I 'm sorry . Bear . And I 'm really tired . I need to go to bed . Hayley ? Gerry ? Pegasus . A Deck corridor panel 42 is ripped open . [ Pegasus ] Thank you , Captain . I will alert the bridge . Jane , the Captain has reconnected the wiring in panel 42 on A deck . Some of my internal sensors are now back online . All crew are accounted for it , including the two survivors from the Dragon . Jon ? Jane ? The internal sensors on the Chinese ship were down too , sir . Good job . All right . We need to get the sensors back up and make sure nobody else is on this ship . - Are you okay ? - I 'm good . Go . Go . You wanted him . Bring him over here . What are you doing ? Can 't you see he 's terrified ? I don 't care . Give him to me . Be careful with him . Ask him . That 's an order . Ask him . [ speaking Chinese ] He said this man killed his crew . Hunted them . One by one , threw them out the airlock . He said he is the last . [ speaking Chinese ] Captain , Jane has managed to get the rest of my internal sensors back online . Acknowledged . Jay is the last survivor from the Dragon . Also , Edward has news from the probe . Last or not , I want him tied up . Tie him up . [ Pegasus ] Edward , the Captain has called a meeting at your request . I believe the crew is looking forward to your findings . So , what exactly does inconclusive mean ? It means we 're unable to determine from the telemetry whether the planet is habitable or not . But that 's what is there for . I mean you are supposed to be the expert . You are here to interpret the data . So , interpret it . It 's inconclusive . But what does it mean ? It means that we land and find out . [ Jane ] Why don 't we just wait for a few days for the planet to clear ? We 'll get the read-outs from the Chinese probe about the second planet and then we 'll know which way to head . We don 't have the time . Why not ? Another one of our oxygen units went down . We now have two out of four running . We 're consuming the oxygen faster than we 're producing it . How long have we got ? Not long enough to wait on the data from the probe . Pegasus . Yes , Gerry . How long and what are the chances of survival if we reduce the amount of breathers on board ? - No one is killing anyone . - Come on . By one crew member increases the survival by 30 % . We 've lost two people , but we 've also gained an extra pair of lungs . You know , I don 't see it 's fair that he 's breathing our air . No , we take the ship down . Prepare for entry . Check on the boy , Hayley . There is a chance that if we land , we 'll never be able to make it off the ground again . Okay . [ Pegasus ] Captain . Jane had the Pegasus lined up and ready for landing . But I must warn you : After a seven-year-journey , and with all the modifications Pete has made to my systems , this won 't be a smooth ride . May I suggest we wait and run a flight landing simulation ? We go now . Pegasus , transfer helm to manual . [ Pegasus ] Confirmed . Helm is now transferred to manual . Good luck , Jane . Engaging descent course . [ Pegasus ] Warning . External temperature rising . Adjust angle of descent . Hull breach . We 're going in to hot . Nose up . I 'm on it . The external temperature at critical . [ engine roaring ] [ alert sound ] Jane , your pitch is off by at least ten degrees . We 're burning out . I can do this . [ Jon ] Prepare for landing . Nitrogen leak in med bay . Power overload in mess hall . Level two emergency power only . Damage control system initiated . [ Pegasus ] Captain , we have successfully entered the planet 's stratosphere . Mike , you 'd have loved this I don 't feel too optimistic about this . Let 's go . I should go with you . No , wait . Now I need you in case we can 't get back off of here . [ Jane ] Landing is a hard part . Taking off is easy . You 're the Captain . Your place is here . All right . I 'll seal the airlocks behind you guys as you wrap around . It 's going to take me a few minutes . All right . Take your time and we 'll get suited up . [ Jane ] Something profound . [ Edward ] What ? [ Jane ] Nothing . It doesn 't matter . Let 's get these readings . [ Edward ] Dammit . [ Jane ] Are you sure ? [ Edward ] You getting the same reading as I am . Right ? [ Jane ] Yeah . [ Edward ] Edward to bridge . [ Jon ] Go ahead . [ Edward ] We wouldn 't last more than two minutes without the air in our suits . This planet 's ecosystem is still evolving . Way too much methane , nitrogen . It 's like the Earth 3 million years ago . It 's a dry well . [ Jon ] Copy that . Better luck next time . [ Edward ] Heading back . [ Jon ] For what it 's worth ? You guys are doing what a few others have ever done before . Let 's hope on the next one we can all take a walk outside , but be able to feel the wind on our faces . Remember . Second roll of the dice . [ Jane ] Where do we go from here ? [ Edward ] Back to the ship . [ Pegasus ] Captain , Jane and Edward are back on board . And the airlock is sealed . Yeah , okay . May I suggest that the crew take a few hours to sleep as you 're all showing the signs of fatigue . I will run diagnostics on the ship systems - while you rest . - Yeah . It will be nice to spend full time on solid ground for a change . Yeah . [ Pegasus ] Jane , congratulations on becoming one of the first humans to have walked on an alien world . I hope your first words were suitably memorable . We will be ready for lift off in approximately three hours . Please try to rest until then . Ignition sequence initiated . We are now clearing the planet 's atmosphere . It 's working . We 're clearing . [ Pegasus ] There 's a problem , Jane . Engine two is rapidly losing power . Pegasus , take all emergency power to the engines . Transfer in progress now . Warning . Nitrogen leak detected in Engineering . We 've got a nitrogen leak . Edward , where is it at ? - It 's in Engineering . - Get on it . - Patch it . - With what ? Go . I don 't care . Improvise . Go . Go . Go . [ Pegasus ] Captain , the nitrogen could leak into the remaining oxygen supply . See if you can seal that section . That section is not sealable , Captain , but it can be shut down . We can 't shut it down . It 's the engine core . We shut it down , we lose the shed . Attention ! Nitrogen contamination is at critical . What are you doing ? I need tape . Any kind of metallic tape . Anyone would have any . It would be Pete . No . He doesn 't have any in there . I 've already checked . [ Pegasus ] Warning . Re-igniting engine core . You know , I really thought the room of two dead men would be a great place to hide a murder weapon . We are clear of the stratosphere , an immediate danger , but I 'm afraid the anti-matter engines are still down . Come on . [ Jon ] So we have no propulsion . That is correct , Captain . Get on port . We 're going to do it in three , two , one ... - Engine relay is offline . - We can put it back on . Go . Reboot failed . - Still down . - It 's still down . Okay . We 're going to do it again . Port , three , two , one . Rebooting engine four . Edward is dead . Risk of radiation contamination at 81 % [ Jon ] Okay . Let 's ... so that ... okay , again . Edward is dead . The oxy-generation unit is spending O2 . How ? Read that procedure and shut down the lower deck . Ok . Check it . The Chinese boy killed him . [ Jon ] Okay . We 're back on s - He stabbed him . Attention all crew ! Please evacuate the lower deck . I was in the Engine room when he ... You got this ? There was nothing I could do . Life support now offline on lower deck . Okay . This ends here . You are okay ? Yeah , yeah , yeah , I 'm fine . I just , I 'm just a little tired . I just need a little ... I just need a minute . Has he been here the whole time ? Stay here . [ Pegasus ] Warning. anti-matter level at 2 % and falling . Hayley . Captain . We seem to have drained all the power taking off from the planet . As it stands , we either have enough power to send a signal to the fleet , or to head to the next planet . We can 't do both . We 're going to the planet , right , Captain ? Captain . Take it really easy , Captain . We don 't want to lose another crew member , do we ? You killed them . No , I warned you . Bad things were going to happen if you engaged the Chinese and I was right . Now , we 're going to that planet . I don 't have much time left in this Universe , Captain , but by God , I 'm going to die with the wind in my face . Do the right thing . Protect the kids . That 's funny . I thought would have put up more of a fight than that . Yeah , whatever . Where are we going ? We 're going to go see the ocean , baby , just like Pete said . [ Pegasus ] Warning . Unless engines are successfully initiated , we will soon be caught in the planet 's gravity field . Hayley . Warning . Severe hull fractures detected . Hull integrity down to 21 % . You know . That little girl is and always was your weakness . I swore I would look after her . Why ? Because her mother is my sister . [ Gerry ] And yet you didn 't bring her with you , did you ? Just the daughter . [ Jane ] They were asleep . She was just a few days old . Anyone who had access to the ship had to get aboard immediately . Otherwise it 'd be overwhelmed . [ Jane ] There wasn 't enough time . I just grabbed Lila and I ran . Attention ! The evacuation escape pod has launched successfully . Our beloved captain has abandoned ship . [ Gerry ] So much for caring about humanity , huh . [ Jane ] If that planet is habitable , we have to send a signal . It could be our last hope for humanity . Well , humanity had its chance . Where are those logs you were ... Huh , there they are . [ Chinese recording ] Do you know what he 's saying ? Not entirely . Well , allow me to enlighten you . They too launched a probe into the second planet , but the probe malfunctioned . With their reserve power all but gone , well , they knew that they couldn 't land and then take off again . So the Captain , well he followed the probe in the escape pod . He would fix the pod , and they would receive a signal letting them know whether the planet was capable of sustaining life or not . Now , if it wasn 't , at least they didn 't kill the crew and sentence them to death on the surface . And shortly after he left , one of his crew went crazy and started killing everyone . Yes . Except for a small boy , who managed to evade his tormentor . Until we arrived . Captain . We are now receiving data from the Chinese probe . Hold it right there , Captain . Don 't move or I will cut her throat . You fire one round in this hull and we are all dead . Drop the gun ! Do it ! [ Pegasus ] Warning . Hull breach . Venting atmosphere It 's habitable . Send the signal . We 'll lose all our power . I know . Sending the signal to the fleet . [ Pegasus ] Signal pod launched . Main power failing . We are caught in the gravity field of the planet . Warning . We will enter the planet thermosphere in 30 seconds due to gravity field . Pegasus , what are our chances of survival ? Your chances of survival are zero . Congratulations , Captain . You have completed your mission .
