 Captain 's log , stardate 6295.3 . Starfleet Command has ordered the Enterprise to the Aldebaran sector . Meanwhile , Mr. Spock and I have been recalled to the starbase at Corinth 4 for a classified briefing . Thirty minutes ' til planetfall , captain . Thanks for taking your free time to bring us here , Sulu . Sir , may I point out as the communique only instructed you and myself to report to the starbase ... I would have been perfectly capable of piloting the shuttle . Then I wouldn 't have the chance to see the museum at Corinth 4 . They have the most extensive collection of historical firearms in the quadrant . - It 's a dream come true . - I see . Doctor , do your interests also extend to historical firearms ? Absolutely , Mr. Spock . I 've always had a passion for handheld weaponry . We 're near several Orion colonies . I 'm using my off-time to perform studies on social shifts within the Syndicate . Since the Zaminhon incident . - Has there been any progress with that ? - Perhaps . Perhaps a little too much . There 're a lot of very angry people . Angry enough to start another civil war ? Historically , oppression of any segment of a given population has lead to disastrous long-term results . True , but that doesn 't mean the past can 't be overcome . My mother used to tell me stories of my great , great ... great , great ... great , great grandfather who grew up in an internment camp during Earth 's Second World War . If he could only see me now . Well , it 's the 23rd century . Anything 's possible . Gentlemen . Welcome to Corinth 4 . - May I offer you a drink ? - Oh my . Is this what I think it is ? Well , it depends on what you think it is . But your odds are good . One of the advantages of being light years away from Federation headquarters . You might need it after what I 've got to say . Mr. Spock ? Ease the nerves . Thank you , captain . That won 't be necessary . So , commodore . To what do we owe this pleasure ? Captain , um , I know that you and I have had our differences . Under the circumstances I hope we can move past that . The crew of the Hood has been lost . Lost ? Your communique was rather vague . Life-support systems failure . There 's no reason to suspect foul play . Just an unfortunate accident . Very unfortunate . Indeed . The ship is still intact . The Enterprise has been sent to bring her home . You still haven 't said ... Why are we here ? You , Jim , are here as a professional courtesy . I thought you 'd want to be present to hear what I have to say . The Hood will need a new crew and a new captain . The Lexington is gone . What about Commodore Wesley ? He 's put in for early retirement . I don 't have to point this out to you but our fleet has suffered extensive losses in the last few years . The Farragut 's being decommissioned ? We only have 7 Constitution-class starships in service . We need experienced officers on those bridges . I know of only one candidate who is qualified to assume command of the Hood . Congratulations ... Captain Spock . Space . The final frontier . These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission : to explore strange new worlds . To seek out new life and new civilizations . To boldly go where no man has gone before . Ship 's log , stardate 6295.5 . Lieutenant Commander Scott in command . The Enterprise has been sent to salvage the USS Hood near the edge of Federation territory in the Beta Quadrant . No unusual transmissions , Mr. Scott . The Hood was investigating a subspace anomaly when life support failed . Astrophysical analysis . It 's possible they didn 't compensate properly for the gravitational effects . All hands ... And we wonder why man wasn 't born with wings . It 's a risk we all take when we sign up for the service , laddie . Those 400 souls knew that . Still , it doesn 't make it any easier . - Maintain course . - Yes , sir . Arrival at Aldebaran 3 in one hour . Inform Starfleet . Scott to engineering . Ready tractor beam . Let 's tow this lass back to port . Well . To the new captain of the USS Hood . I must confess I don 't cherish the idea of losing my best officer . - But I guess I knew this day would come . - One moment , gentlemen . There may be a ... " complication . " Another officer had applied for the position . Commander Garrett from Earth Spacedock . Garrett ? Very experienced officer . Starfleet felt she wouldn 't be best " suited " for command . With all due respect to Mr. Spock ... Garrett has an exemplary service record . Well , it seems that Commander Garrett agrees with you . She 's filed an appeal with Starfleet Command . She asserts that she 's been selectively overlooked . Because she 's a woman . Does she have any ... basis for that complaint ? The United Federation of Planets was formed over a hundred years ago by an unprecedented alliance of Humans , Vulcans , Andorians , and Tellarites . The Romulan threat was significant at that time . It was vital for Earth to ally itself with other major powers in the region . Military powers . You 've dealt with Tellarites , captain ? I 've had the ... " distinct pleasure . " Then let me be frank . The men of Tellar Prime are an adversarial people . Their culture is based on insults ... arguments ... hostility . They make excellent politicians . My father and I have both navigated the Tellarites ' enmity firsthand . Then you understand . Without Tellar 's resources the Earth stood little chance to survive the Romulan incursion . Commodore . With all due respect to the history lesson ... Tellarite society has always frowned on females serving as starship captains . - It ALWAYS has . - But surely the Federation 's not bound by the backwards social policies of one member species ! Not necessarily . But after the controversial admission of Coridan , the Tellarites have been " suggesting " they might pull their seat from the Council . It would be unwise to antagonize them further . - Permission to speak freely , sir . - Always . Laura . From the very beginning , Starfleet has had female captains . - You , yourself , are a perfect example . - I 'm in command of a starbase . Not a Constitution-class starship . I sympathize with your feelings , believe me . Of all people ... I sympathize . Sir . Despite the present lack of female starship captains I do not believe there is any formal regulation against it . Not officially . And while I am honored by the offer ... If Commander Garrett indeed posseses qualifications greater than I ... it would be unethical for her to be passed over for promotion simply because she is a woman . I agree . She deserves the ship , commodore . I see . Well ... I don 't envy the person that has to explain that to the Tellarite ambassador . Enter . Settling in , I see . As it is unknown how long I shall reside here ... Logic dictates I arrange my quarters to my liking . - Makes sense . - Captain ... After careful consideration , I have concluded that logic also dictates ... I may be the more suitable candidate for the position . I must consider the possibility that Starfleet was correct in their assessment . This is about more than logic , Spock . It 's about fairness . My God . After all we 've overcome ... We shouldn 't even be having this conversation . My position is not based upon Commander Garrett 's gender . Well maybe it SHOULD be . Despite our charter ... our values ... Starfleet has never given a woman command of a Constitution-class starship . I 'd like to tell myself that it 's just been the way the cards fell ... But perhaps there 's a greater good to be considered here . If the goal is to nominate a woman for the post , Commodore Gray would be the more appropriate choice . She doesn 't want the ship . Apparently , Garrett 's on her way here . The commodore wants me to interview her . Draw my own conclusions . But I must be honest , Spock . I can 't imagine the Hood with a better captain than Garrett . Perhaps . But perhaps you simply cannot imagine the Enterprise without me . I appreciate your confidence . I , too , would find leaving the ship to be ... most difficult . But you cannot allow that to weigh on your decision . How could it not ? I 'm only human , Spock . Captain ... I took the liberty of accessing Commander Garrett 's fitness reports . I recommend reading them prior to your meeting . You may find them informative . Sir . We 're within sensor range of the Hood . All stop . That 'll be close enough for now . All stop . No life signs . Keep an eye out for subspace eddies . We don 't want the same thing to happen to us . Commander ? I 'm seeing no unusual activity in this system . Confirmed . There 's nothing . - But the transmissions clearly said ... - Aye . An anomaly of some sort . Lieutenant ? Scan the Hood 's EPS grid . Yes sir . Definitely been compromised . Is the damage consistent with the reports ? - Difficult to tell . - Shall we rig for tractor beam ? Something doesna ' feel right . We cannuh risk towing her to drydock without knowin ' a wee bit more about what happened . Commander , if you give me some time ... I should be able to restore life support on her engineering deck remotely . You could get a closer look . Aye . Suppose we must . Diana Garrett reporting as ordered . At ease , commander . I trust your journey from Earth was without incident ? It was , captain . Thank you for asking . Good . Please sit down . Sir . Before we begin , I want to stress that I understand my protests have " irritated " certain flag officers . In my experience , flag officers are easily irritated . Believe me , I know . I traveled here with Vice Admiral Stomm from ESD . Stomm ? Nothing like a Vulcan bureaucrat . And yet you survived without throwing yourself out the airlock ? Well ... barely . So ... commander . I 've been looking at your record . Quite an accomplished officer . Rose through the ranks quickly ... - Self-made woman . - Thank you . I see you served on the Constitution before it was decommissioned . Yes . The original . Must 've been difficult . The attack on Nimbus 3 . Losing your captain like that . I 'd prefer not to discuss the matter , sir . Sorry ? I 've already said everything there is to say about the incident . Turned over all my logs to Starfleet . Including my personal logs . I 'm certain that 's true . Captain . My testimony is a matter of record . Now , with your permission ... I would like to retire to my quarters . It 's been 24 Earth hours since I 've slept . Certainly , commander . Get yourself some rest . Thank you . Mister Scott ? I 've been able to restore emergency power to the Hood 's engineering section . You 'll have six ... maybe seven hours of oxygen at most . Good work , ensign . That 'll have to do . Follett ? We need to study the reactor for gravitational damage . Sir ! Request permission to join the boarding party ! Not this time , lad . Uhura . Prepare for a full scan of the Hood 's logs . Suit up for salvage . Meet me in the transporter room in half an hour . - Sir . - Mister Hadley , you have the conn . " Mister Hadley , you have the conn . " It 's not personal , Pavel . You 're a talented navigator . But you 're not ... focused . Command ... science ... engineering . A jack-of-all-trades is a master of none . Find something you really love . And stick with it . You never know until you try . Doctor . The captain filled me in on the situation . I thought I 'd check in and see how you 're doing . Is this a bad time ? I was in the midst of deep meditation . A bad time , then . I apologize for the interruption . We can talk later if you like . Counselor ... I would welcome your advice on this matter . It may not be prudent to provoke the Tellarites at this time . We both know the Tellarites love to make threats , Mr. Spock . Threats on which they almost never deliver . I don 't think that 's the issue . What do you believe the issue is , doctor ? Acquiring my position on the Enterprise was not easy . There were many who believed a counselor was unnecessary . But having the requisite skills and experience , I never attributed their concern to my being a woman . Yet ... I 've seen enough of human nature to know that how we learn to evaluate others is a many-layered process . And if bias is present , it is often deep and subconscious . As one whose appearance has , on occasion , been perceived as the most significant element of my identity ... I concur that humans ... indeed , all races ... are capable of such bias . Both intentionally ... and unintentionally . I don 't know what my future holds , but ... if I were ever to have a daughter ... I would want her to know that any position is within her grasp if she works hard enough to achieve it . Without question . But Commander Garrett 's record has numerous issues which necessitate further scrutiny . And tell me , Spock ... Would her record be under the same degree of scrutiny if she were a man ? I believe it would , doctor . But ... One can never be certain of another 's motives . No . We can 't . But we can certainly strive to be clear about our own . Captain . I asked you to interview Commander Garrett . Not antagonize her . That wasn 't my intention , commodore . Intention or not ... She filed a petition for an immediate decision regarding the Hood 's captaincy . What 's the hurry ? Per Starfleet regulations ... a three-person committee will hold a formal hearing to make the final determination . Admiral Stomm ... myself ... and the next senior officer on this starbase . YOU , captain . Captain 's log , supplemental . I was certain of my decision regarding the Hood 's captaincy . But now , I 'm not so sure . This hearing is now in session . I have appointed as members of this inquiry : Space Command representative Stomm ... and USS Enterprise Captain James T. Kirk . Commanders Spock and Garrett . You have the right to ask for substitute officers if you feel any of these named harbor any prejudice to your cases . Do you consent to the service of myself as president of this board ? - I do , sir . - Yes , I do , sir . Very well . Mr. Spock . If you please . Spock . Serial number : S179-276SP . Service rank : commander . Position : first officer ; science officer . Current assignment : USS Enterprise . Commander Spock 's record is impeccable , of course . I move that we dispense with the formalities . If there are no objections . No , sir . Oh , I object . I believe Mr. Spock 's qualifications are material to this decision . Proceed . Commendations : Vulcanian Scientific Legion of Honor . Awards of valor : twice decorated by Starfleet Command . Thank you . Commander Spock . How long have you served in Starfleet ? Nineteen years , five months , twenty days ... And for the majority of that time , you functioned as science officer on board the Enterprise . Under both Captain Pike , and ... for the last four years ... under Captain Kirk . - I have . - Commander . If you were transferred to the captaincy of the Hood ... How would that make you " feel " ? Yes . You are Vulcan . But you are also half-human . Aren 't you ? - I am , admiral . - Mister Spock ... As a student , you were accepted to the Vulcan Science Academy . - A tremendous honor . - Affirmative . Yet you turned down admission . Did your " human emotions " play a role in that decision ? No sir . They did not . Inaccurate . Inaccurate . Data in error . The computer would appear to disagree with you , commander . I object to this line of questioning . Spock is not on trial here . His racial heritage should have no bearing on his qualification for this position , any more than Commander Garrett 's gender should . Captain Kirk . Would you deny that every individual 's abilities ... character ... judgments ... strengths ... are ... in part ... shaped by his or her heritage ? Beliefs ? Gender ? I know the idea of a female starship captain " unsettles " some people . - Doesn 't it . - I see . Let 's " cut to the chase , " shall we ? For the record : I am absolutely convinced that it 's time for a woman to captain a Constitution-class vessel . But with respect to Commander Garrett ... I 'm not convinced she is that woman . The board 's damaged . I 'll need to bypass it to access the ship 's logs . Check the intermix ratio at the time the engines went offline . I 'll get the dilithium chamber open . See how bad these crystals have decayed . Garrett , Diana L. Serial number : SC459-033M . Service rank : commander . Position : first officer . Current assignment : Earth Spacedock . Commendations : Tucker Memorial Medal of Honor . Risian Star of Excellence . Aenar Award for Meritorious Service to Disadvantaged Cultures . Awards of valor : four times decorated by Starfleet Command . Commander Garrett . You boast an impressive record for your service to Starfleet . - Very impressive . - Indeed . But there are some questions which this court would be remiss not to address . You were part of the ill-fated Nimbus 3 landing party , were you not ? Those arthropods came out of nowhere . Yes . I read your statement to Starfleet . I also read the official investigation into the incident . Commodore ? It suggested " human error . " That investigation was conducted by a Tellarite officer . I strongly and formally contested those findings ... I understand that you contested them . ... and no proof of wrongdoing was ever officially determined . " Officially . " Yet you ... and two of your subordinates ... plead the 7th Guarantee during the proceedings Which by law may not be inferred as an admission of culpability . There are numerous similar incidents in your file . Diana . I see two officers sitting in that chair . One with a long history of faithful service . And one who reacts with undue hostility whenever her judgment is questioned . Perhaps hostility is a legitimate reaction when one is subjected to undue scrutiny and discrimination . I wish I could assure you that you haven 't been held to a different standard throughout your career because you happen to be a woman . Perhaps you have . Perhaps I have . I honestly don 't know . But part of the duty of a starship captain ... is to learn from mistakes . To face repercussions of action ... and inaction . And to admit when he ... or she ... is in the wrong . I am well aware of the position 's job requirements , commodore . And as I have testified too many times now : I was not in the wrong . Follett ? The logs I 've managed to download are consistent with a subspace disruption . But here ... - The rift ... it disappeared ! - What do you make of it ? I 've never seen anything like that before . What in the name of ... ? Close the chamber ! Sir , I 'm reading a massive power surge in the Hood 's engines ! Enterprise ! We 've got a containment failure ! Get us out of here ! Bridge to transporter room ! Energize ! Their deflector screens have activated ! It 's impossible to get a lock ! We can 't bring them back ! Scott to Enterprise ! The reactor 's at " critical " ! Sir ... there 's nothing I can do ! Can you jettison the core ? Circuits are fused ! How much time ? Minutes ? Seconds ? Impossible to tell . I 'm sorry . Scott to Enterprise . Get as far away as possible . Rendezvous with the captain at Corinth 4 . Commander ? Lieutenant , that 's a direct order . - Yes , sir . - Wait ! I have an idea . Permission to take weapons subsystems station , sir ! Trust me ! Go ! Enterprise ! Get out of here ! Mister Hadley ! That 's a direct order ! Chekov ... ! I might be able to transmit duotronic algorithm ... Overload signal gain ! Force computer to drop shields ! Are ya daft , ensign ? That 'll short out the whole board ! You 'll kill yourself , man ! The Hood 's warp core is critical ! Their shields are down ! Transporter room ! Get them out of there ! This hearing is now back in session . The board will entertain motions before delivering its verdict . - Very well . - All rise . Admiral ? I endorse Commander Garrett for promotion to the rank of " captain . " I endorse Commander Spock for promotion to the rank of " captain . " Captain Kirk ? Ops to Commodore Gray . Gray here . Sir , incoming transmission from the Enterprise . They were unable to salvage the Hood , commodore . It 's been destroyed . Kirk here . What about my people ... ? Reports still coming in , sir ... but no major injuries to your crew . Understood . Gray out . Ladies and gentlemen . This new information renders these proceedings ... " unnecessary . " I 'm afraid that appears to be the case . Commander Garrett and I shall return to Earth Spacedock . If-if I may ... There 's an underlying issue that still remains , is there not ? For decades ... I believe the service has overlooked capable officers for certain positions simply because we 're women . They may not admit it . Hell , may not even be intentional . We can hide behind " Tellarite diplomacy . " Rationalize it . Justify it . - But it is still true . - Commander Garrett . Do you believe a person should receive special consideration because of their gender ? Religion ? Race ? If that person 's gender , religion , or race has been historically used to deny them consideration . That wasn 't the question . Perhaps not . But that is my answer . Starfleet has the opportunity to implement change . To change our values . To change the future . There are countless female officers more than capable of commanding a starship . This may not be MY time . But it is most certainly THEIRS . I think we 're all in agreement with that . Spock . Peace and long life . Live long and prosper . A moment , doctor ? Take two , Scotty . Mister ! Of all the hare-brained , half-baked , lunatic ideas ... It 's good to see you , too , sir . Yes , sir . I 've informed Admiral Stomm of your little " stunt , " lieutenant . It 's worthy of a court martial . Whatever disciplinary action you feel I deserve , I ... " Lieutenant " ? Thank you ... for saving our lives . Lieutenant Chekov . Sir ... yes sir ... ! I 'll be filing a formal recommendation with Starfleet Engineering Corps ... to install a shield prefix code on all of our ships . And it vill be called ... the " Chekov code " ! Don 't push your luck , lad . I cannuh lie ... that was an inspired idea . Have ya considered a career in tactical ? Ya may wanna talk to Mr. Drake . Commander ? What happened over there ? The anomaly ... the warp core ... the deflector screens ... ? I dunno , lieutenant . An' that 's what worries me . Well . Whatever happened ... Thank you . And congratulations ! Before you overloaded the board , you said something . The translators didn 't pick it up . But it sounded like Russian ? Old expression . " Eyes might be afraid ... but hands do the job . " Means " You never know ... until you try . " Ambassador . We acknowledge and respect your culture 's beliefs . - But I must tell you ... - Oh , please . I 'm well aware that my people 's prejudices are hopelessly outdated by modern standards . I appreciate that you recognize that , sir . A large faction on Tellar Prime argues against our government 's stance on this matter . And I , for one , am part of that faction . I believe one of your greatest human writers once said ... " A lady 's ' verily is as potent as a lord 's . " That he did , sir . The winds of change blow for us . I do not envy the decisions Starfleet now faces . But trust that you have my full support . Thank you , ambassador . Embrace the winds . Sir . I know we didn 't get off to the greatest start . Regardless . Thank you for your consideration . - I do hope our paths cross again . - As do I. Who knows . Maybe some day a " Garrett " will command an " Enterprise . " Well , it is the 23rd century . Anything 's possible . Yes . Thank you . - Captain . - Spock . I must confess ... I find myself bordering on an emotional reaction . I believe you would refer to it as ... " shame . " - " Shame , " Spock ? - Shame . That I am somewhat relieved at the destruction of the Hood . If I may inquire ... Had the vessel not been lost ... - How would you have voted ? - Ohhhh ... Spock . I 'll admit . I considered voting against you ... because I didn 't wanna lose you . Indeed . I briefly considered withdrawing my name for the very same reason . And I briefly considered chaining you to your station so you could never leave . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Enterprise . Scott here , sir . Scotty , standby to receive shuttlecraft . We 'll be home for dinner . Both of us . Transcript by Peter Goundrill
