 I 'm sorry , viewer . The TV show you 're searching for cannot be streamed in your reality . Please stand by for reconnection . From the darkest depths of cyberspace , there is another world . A lost dimension , home to wonders unseen , terrors unspeakable . Stories unlike any ever told until now . Do not click Back . Do not reload . We have reconnected to ... Dimension 404 . So , what do you do ? Huh ? What do you do ? Oh , uh , I kinda run this music blog . Uh ‐ huh , and where are you from ? Well , originally I 'm from Maine . Uh ‐ huh , and where do you live now ? Right here , in Brooklyn . So , what do you do ? I don 't like to talk about work . Look , I hate these things , too . You know , I feel like everyone in the room can tell that we 're on a first date . No one 's paying attention . So , if you could be any animal , what animal would you be ? This isn 't going very well , is it ? Yeah , no , this is over . You can go . Some romances last a lifetime , but most don 't make it past the first cup of coffee . Still , don 't feel too bad for our lonely lovebird Adam . Thanks to the magic of ones and zeroes , he 's about to meet his one and only . Her name 's Amanda . She likes craft beer , good music , and she lives on the Lower East Side of Dimension 404 . Well , it 's official . I 'm gonna die alone . What ? Don 't say that . Greg , I 've looked , flirted , and met ‐ cute half of the women in Brooklyn , and I 'm honestly starting to think that my soul mate doesn 't exist . You know , she 's like a myth , like Bigfoot . Dude , she exists , she 's out there . Just like Bigfoot . ‐ Wow , I need a beer . ‐ You 're out of beer . Look , man , you just gotta broaden your horizons . Stop meeting weird randos on the street and start meeting them online . Online , online dating ? ‐ Yeah . ‐ No ! Look , I don 't want some algorithm telling me who to hook up with , all right ? I just want to meet a cute girl , you know , with a cute little red streak in her hair and a tattoo of a bird while we 're both reaching for the same Talking Heads LP . There are 413 eligible women that are Talking Heads fans within a two ‐ mile radius of this apartment . Wait , really ; what is that ? Make ‐ A ‐ Match , bro , everybody 's on it . Why are you on it , aren 't you with Charlene ? I 'm not on it , you are . ‐ I made you a profile . ‐ What , when ? Last night when I drank all your beer . ‐ Greg ! ‐ Come on , man . Look at all of these women . What do you have to lose ? All right , fine . But seriously , stop drinking all my beer . No promises . I can 't afford it , you can , so I drink it . We met on Make ‐ A ‐ Match . Make ‐ A ‐ Match helped me find exactly what I 've been looking for all my life . Their personality profile truly reached deeper than the other sites . It 's magic , I don 't know how they do it . At Make ‐ A ‐ Match , we believe there 's someone out there for everyone . Sign up today and we 'll find your 100 percent perfect match guaranteed . Welcome to love . Welcome to Make ‐ A ‐ Match . Amanda . She 's a med student , she likes hanging out . I mean , she 's cute . Favorite band : The Pixies . That 's a start . Yeah , but still , I mean ... this is my 100 percent match ? Where 's her bird tattoo ? Oh , my God , she winked you . ‐ She what ? ‐ She checked you out and she likes what she sees . Just ask her out already . God , you know , this ‐ ‐ this ‐ ‐ this is too weird . I can 't do it , I 'm out , no . Dude , you are going on a date with this girl if I have to pump you full of benzodiazepine and drag you there myself . Fine , but only because I am desperately lonely . That 's the spirit ! ♪ Say you don 't like your life ♪ ♪ Well I 've got mine , yeah , what about mine ♪ ♪ Say you don 't like your life ♪ ♪ Well , I don 't really care 'cause I don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ Don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ Hi , Amanda ? Adam , hi . Hi . ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ Um , I got us two Handlebars , is that okay ? Yeah , uh , actually , that 's my ‐ ‐ that 's my favorite beer . Mine , too . I 'm sorry , did , uh , did you change hair ? Oh , yeah , I , uh , sorry , I just dyed it . I guess I should 've updated my ‐ ‐ No , no , it 's ‐ ‐ it 's okay . I ‐ I like it . Good , yeah , I thought it was time to just mix up my look , plus it goes with Charlie . ‐ Charlie ? ‐ Charlie . ♪ Don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ Don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ Uh , all right , well , the Pixies , Neutral Milk Hotel , uh , well , Hall amp ; Oates because , I mean , duh , right ? And , um ... oh , well , have you ever heard of a guy named Ben Branson ? Uh , a. k. a. my childhood crush from age 14 till now . What , shut up ! No , I ‐ I went , I saw him at Great Woods in 2001 , and I basically went through puberty on the spot . Wait , wait , wait , are you ‐ ‐ are you being serious ? 'Cause I was literally at that same show . ‐ No . ‐ Oh , yeah . I snuck out with my cousin , got grounded for three weeks , completely worth it 'cause the double encore ? Yeah , and them closing with ... ‐ " Tokyo Heartache . " ‐ " Tokyo Heartache . " Oh . You know , uh , I 've been told I bear a , um , a striking resemblance to Ben Branson . I mean , I wouldn 't say striking , but I can certainly see it . Okay . ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ " Tokyo Heartache ? " Come on ! How is this happening right now ? Well , I did put it on the jukebox like five minutes ago . So . Oh . ♪ She held my hand ♪ ♪ All the way to the terminal ♪ ♪ You let me go ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ Well , it 's official . She 's the one . Wait , what ? I 'm getting a beer , you want a beer ? You 're out of beer ; what are you talking about ? Buddy , I 'm talking about Amanda . She 's ... dude , she 's ... I dont ‐ ‐ ‐ she 's amazing . I 'm gonna get her a ring . I mean , not an engagement ring , but like a really , really nice ring . Okay , uh , have a seat , Casanova . How long have you been with this girl , a month ? Maybe two ? Yeah , but ‐ ‐ but I feel like I have known her my whole life . Sure , but if you want to make it to three , maybe you should cool your jets . Okay , I get it , I get what you 're saying , but , buddy , we 're 100 percent compatible . ‐ The app said so . ‐ Forget what the app said . Come on , I mean , you 're the one who sold me on the whole Make ‐ A ‐ Match thing . I thought you 'd be stoked for me . I am , I am , it 's just , um ... I don 't want to see you get hurt . All right , so , you 're saying just ... slow things down ? Exactly . Play it cool . My man . ‐ All right . ‐ Okay . I love you . What ? These last two months have been amazing , and I just ‐ ‐ I keep thinking about spending the rest of my life with you . You 're my soul mate , Amanda . Are you sure ? Are you not sure ? Oh , God . ‐ Oh , God ? ‐ Look , it 's not you , I just ‐ ‐ I don 't have time for anything serious right now . We 've spent every single night here since we met . And it 's been great , it 's just my residency interviews are coming up , so ... So ... So ... maybe you should go . Uh , o ‐ ‐ okay . Wow , um ... This is , uh , yeah , this is our first big fight . It 's , uh , it 's a milestone . ‐ Adam , stop . ‐ Look , someday , we 're gonna look back on this and we 're gonna laugh . ‐ Adam ! ‐ Come on , we can make this work . Look , if you want to go slow , we 'll go slow . I 'm serious , goodbye . No . No , I 'm not gonna just walk away , all right ? I can 't . Look , I know that you 're scared . All right , I 'm scared , too . But you and I ... we 're made for each other . Oh , for the love of God . This is something that we 'll tell our adorable grandch ‐ ‐ Ow , whoa , hey ! ‐ Whoa , hey ! ‐ I got his legs , let 's move . Tech Support to HQ , Romeo is in the bag . Moving to extraction point . Help ! Help ! Greg ? ‐ Greg ? ‐ Adam ? Hey , man , I 'm ‐ ‐ dude , I 'm freaking out , man . ‐ What 's going on , man ? ‐ They tried to kidnap me . I ‐ I ‐ I was over at Amanda 's place , and ‐ ‐ Wait , wait , wait , what 's going on with Amanda ? I ‐ I don 't know , all right ? She , um , she ‐ ‐ she dumped me , and then these guys ‐ ‐ Wait , wait , she dumped you ? Oh , man , I told you to play it cool . Yeah , I ‐ I know . I ‐ I don 't know ‐ ‐ It 's okay , man , come here . Come on in , man , come on . Come on . Bring it in , bring it in . ‐ Bring it in . ‐ I love her , Greg . What am I gonna do ? Package is secure . Are you ready to begin ? What ? How would you describe your performance in the relationship ? Who the hell are you ? Very satisfactory , satisfactory , or needs improvement ? What the hell 's going on ? We 'll put " needs improvement . " Would you agree that your worst qualities are clinginess , painfully naive , and overly emotional ? No , I wouldn 't , what ‐ ‐ where the hell am I ? Exit interview . Wait , did you not get debriefed ? Debriefed ? Please watch this informational video . Hi , I 'm Matthew Maker , Founder and CEO of Make ‐ A ‐ Match , and I 'd like to say thank you , because it 's biogenetic love companions like you that make what we do possible . Ever feel like you were made for someone ? You were ! Bred here in the Genesis Vats at Make ‐ A ‐ Match Heartquarters , your genome , personality , and artificial memories were handcrafted by literal love doctors to the exact specifications of your romantic partner . But love doesn 't always work out , which brings you here to the returns department . Good news : Since the Sentient Life Form Protection Act forbids us from terminating you against your will , you 're now free to live out your days in blissful servitude at Make ‐ A ‐ Match , Inc . What , no , uh , I don 't want to do that . I want to go home . This is your home now , so make the most of it . Career opportunities include : That is all . And if you really want to take your career to the next level , volunteer for our biomatter recycling program and be a part of the next generation of Make ‐ A ‐ Match companions . Scientists assure me it 's 100 percent fun . Thanks for watching , and welcome to life after love . Hmm . So , I ‐ I 'm not an indie music blogger ? Of course not , have you seen your apartment ? Okay , well , if I have all these fake implants of memories , then , uh , tell me , what 'd I do for my eighth birthday ? You went to a water park . Okay , what 'd I do for my 12th birthday ? I don 't remember all of your birthdays . ‐ A ‐ ha . ‐ Oh ! Any further questions can be directed to your group . Hey , Adam , welcome ! I 'm Adam . Uh ... Come on , let me give you the warp speed tour . This is Adam . He was Amanda 's first companion . Piss off . For about three months until Adam here came around . 'Sup , bro . And let 's see , then there was Adam . Namaste . And , uh , last but not least , there 's me , Adam . So , uh , what was it this time ? Sorry ? Oh , um ... I told her I loved her . Don 't listen to these guys , okay ? They 're still hung up on her . So ‐ ‐ so how ‐ ‐ how 's she doin ' ? She 's doing great . She 's ‐ ‐ she 's finishing up med school , she 's talking to her sister again . She 's happy . She 's growing out her vinyl collection . You know , next week , we 're , um ‐ ‐ Next week we were supposed to see Elbow at The Bell House . This is your home now . ♪ I ♪ ♪ Remember feeling cold ♪ ♪ As you held my hand all the way to the terminal ♪ ♪ You let me go ♪ ♪ And I ♪ ♪ Didn 't know what to do ♪ ♪ ' Cause I couldn 't stay in Tokyo ♪ ♪ But I can 't live without you ♪ ♪ Without you ♪ ♪ Without you ♪ ♪ Without you ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ‐ Damn it ! ‐ I am so sorry . I 'm such a klutz . What 's your version number ? It 's , uh , it 's Adam 5 , ma 'am . It won 't happen again . Let 's hope not . Absotively . Uh , absolutely . Of course . Hey , don 't torture yourself like this . Just keep an eye out . All right , here we go . Adam , Mk 6 . " How can we improve your next love companion ? " " Improve your love companion . " Occupation ... lawyer ? A lawyer ? Actually , that 's ... Hey , did she keep anything ? Adam , what 'd she keep ? Nothing . What 's up with him ? They 're activating a new Adam today . I think he 's taking it pretty hard . So , what do you do ? I 'm a lawyer . I work downtown . Uh ‐ huh , and where are you from ? Manhattan , born and raised . You know he hasn 't eaten in days ? Christ . We need to get him to open up . Sad bro , you okay over there ? If you could be any animal , what kind of animal would you be ? I 'd be a shark , 'cause they never stop moving . Neither do I. But you know what , enough about me , right ? Let 's talk about you . You like music ? 'Cause I don 't . Especially indie rock , ugh . All right , buddy . Time to wipe away those tears , huh ? Look , I 'm an upfront guy . I don 't see this going anywhere , so , what do you say we call it ? This is over , you can go . It 's time to kick the day 's ass . Good luck out there . Absotively . I mean , ‐ lutely . Hey . What 's your model number ? Six . Code Sapphire ! Repeat , Code Sapphire ! We met on Make ‐ A ‐ Match . When my best friend introduced me to Make ‐ A ‐ Match , I was a little skeptical . I mean , your 100 percent perfect match guaranteed ? What 's the catch , right ? But we met and it was just this instant connection . From then on out , our love only grew . Isn 't that right , snookums ? Sure . It 's like we were made for each other . Every day is brighter than the last . Make ‐ A ‐ Match is too good to be true , but it is true , and it is good . Eskimo kiss . Okay ! Get a lot of those . Adam ? Adam . Adam . Adam ! I 'm proud of you , son . I really am . I mean , most companions would never dream of escaping , but you , you really would do anything to be with her again . Maker . I know how hard it is , how bad it hurts . Like hell you do . You get to leave here . You get to go home to someone you love . Well , not exactly . She was my Amanda . It wasn 't until after she died that I realized how rare true love is and how awful this life is without it . And that 's what this place is all about . There is not someone out there for everyone , but there should be . Adam , do you want to live in a cold , cramped cage day after day , or use your God ‐ given gifts to make someone smile ? You were born to love Amanda . Mind , body , and soul . It is your purpose , and you can fulfill that purpose again by being a part of the new Adam . Through his eyes , you can see her smile again . The recycling tube . Cows don 't leave the slaughterhouse . Steaks do . Chew on that . Hey . Oh , hey , Greg . You gonna stab me in the neck again ? So , uh , you gonna kill yourself ? How about a farewell toast , huh ? Come on , last meal ? Hey , to the best fake roommate I 've ever had . Sorry you 're a clone . The new Adam , he only drinks scotch . What a douche , right ? I keep telling myself to forget her , man , but I was made for her . So what the hell am I without her ? Maker 's right . I have to do this . God damn it , Greg . What the hell am I doing ? We met on Make ‐ A ‐ Match . No , I 'm all right . When my last relationship didn 't exactly pan out , I knew there was only one place to go . Yeehaw ! Between busting broncs , riding the range , and volunteering at the children 's hospital , there wasn 't a lot of time to find love , but with Make ‐ A ‐ Match , your special someone really is just a click away . They sure are . In fact , snookums , there 's something I want to ask you . No , no ‐ ‐ oh . Son of a bitch . Oh , ow , what the hell ? Shut up , you 're gonna get me fired . I 've already been here , Greg , all right , I 've seen all this . Not this . What the hell is this ? Just watch . Okay , so , um ... my last relationship ended in a pretty painful place . We were together for four years , and I ... well , I ... I thought he was the one . And then he cheated on me , and then he left . I don 't want to watch this , all right ? ‐ Just turn it off , Greg . ‐ Just watch , trust me . And I was a mess . My grades tanked , and I almost lost my scholarship . So , I ‐ I can 't let that happen again . I have to stay focused . I just ... I 'm really lonely . You 've come to the right place , Amanda . Let Make ‐ A ‐ Match help you create your ideal companion . I still can 't believe I 'm doing this . Lots of first ‐ timers feel that way , but Make ‐ A ‐ Match guarantees we 'll make the perfect companion for your needs , everything from personality type , occupation , looks . Could he look like Ben Branson ? We 'll get to that , but let 's start with the basics . Describe the qualities you want in your ideal companion . I don 't know , I guess ... I just want someone who 's loyal and honest and kind . You know who you are without her ? You 're loyal , you 're honest , and you 're kind . It 's gotta be worth something . ♪ Don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ Don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ I don 't want to hear about it ♪ ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ Would somebody please turn this shit off ? She even took this song from me . No . ♪ Remember feeling cold ♪ This song still rules . ♪ She held my hand ♪ Just listen . Bro , everything this song means to us is a lie . ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ Who cares ? It 's still a really great song . I mean , " Tokyo Heartache " is beautiful on its own . God damn it , so are we . What are we even doing here , you guys ? Just gorging on self ‐ pity and whatever the hell that is . We can 't let one relationship define our whole lives . We 're more than that , and we deserve more than that . Adam 5 , resume your gruel eating . We are who we are , not who they made us to be . We may have been built to order , but we were born to be free ! Adam 5 is wrong . Companions are legal property of Make ‐ ‐ Let 's burn this mother down ! And so it begins . Can I get a containment unit to sector 4 like now , please ? Attention , companions . You are in violation of employee guidelines . Please lower your weapons , lie on the floor , and the punishment squad will ‐ ‐ Hey ! Stop , stop fighting the punishment squad . Code Sapphire ! Code Sapphire , damn it ! Code Sapphire ! Exterminate on sight ! Article 3 , Section 7 : Expressions of free will and independent thought are strictly prohibited ! You were built to love and obey ! That is your purpose ! Adhere , do your purpose ! I don 't give a god damn about the Clone Extermination Act . Someone get up here and save my ass ! Do not touch that , you insolent piece of ‐ ‐ Your soul mate is out there . Just like mine . Eventually you can find them on Make ‐ A ‐ Match . No , ahh ! This is where you belong . I am your father , and you will do what Daddy demands . Oh , hey , everybody , how are you guys ? Wait , no , guys , wait , wait . Hey , let go ! No , no , no , wait ! Wait , this isn 't nice ! Please , please ! Wait , stop , stop , stop ! Hi , yes , I 'm calling about the job posting . Why did I leave my last job ? Uh ... there was a change in management . No , stop , no , no ! Kevin , Kevin ! I designed you , you can 't do this to me ! Your girlfriend never loved you and never will ! Sorry . Hi ! Hey . ‐ I 'll flip you for it . ‐ No , you were here first . So , do you , like , live around here now ? No , I 'm just actually coming back from band practice . Oh , you 're in a band now ? That 's pretty cool . Yeah , yeah , I mean , we kinda suck actually , but , uh , you know , we have a lot of fun . So , like , how are you , what are you up to ? Everything 's good , uh , my residency 's good , just taking it slow . Yeah . It 's ‐ ‐ it 's really good to see you . We should , I don 't know , get together sometime . Yeah , definitely . Here , you should have this . It 's really great to see you . You , too . ♪ ' Cause I ♪ ♪ Remember feeling cold ♪ ♪ As you held my hand all the way to the terminal ♪ ♪ You let me go ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I ♪ ♪ Remember feeling sick ♪ ♪ All the way to the terminal ♪ ♪ You let me go ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪ ♪ I wanna feel it again ♪
