 _ Let 's see if we can connect anyone on Ganymede to Protogen . HOLDEN : Strickland turned up on Ganymede as a pediatrician . The connection is the daughter . You 're going to Ganymede to find Dr. Strickland ? Please take me with you . We need to find her and the man with her . No chicken ? Back of the line . - [ GRUNTING ] - Amos ! He can 't find Mei if you bash his head in ! Every shitty thing we do makes the next one that much easier , doesn 't it ? ROMA : I find the little girl and the man . They be moving way away from the battle and where the mirrors fall . No camera after that . AUTOMATED VOICE : A no-fly zone is now in effect around Ganymede Station until further notice . Ganymede is the most important food station out here . They 're not going to let it just collapse . This station is dead already . JANUS : This is the UNS Arboghast . We are an unarmed research vessel on a scientific mission as is our right under the Venus Accords . GUNNY : But I know I saw something . Ah , yes . A man standing on the surface of Ganymede without a vac suit . Sorry . You 're under restrictions now . This is what attacked you and your team , isn 't it ? A new type of weapon . GUNNY : Me and my team , we were ... Sacrificial lambs . I need to know who is doing this and why . I need your help . [ THEME MUSIC PLAYING ] Dr. Strickland ? UMEA : I 've just received confirmation . They 're commencing release within the hour . DR. STRICKLAND : If our client had any doubts , this 'll put them to rest . - Dr. Strickland . - UMEA : We needed more time . After Eros ... After Thoth , we needed to speed things along . It 's not exactly the most controlled experiment . It might get a bit messy , but we 'll get more answers sooner . Dr. Strickland ! [ SIGHS ] Yes , Mei , darling ? You said we were going to have fun . This isn 't fun . We 're almost there , sweetheart . I want to go back to my dad . I spy ... Snapdragon . Anti-rhee-num . I spy ... - Goldenrod ? - Solidago . Cornflower ? - Centaurea . - [ SIGHS ] DR. STRICKLAND : Hmm ... Zinnia . Zinnia . Oh ! You 're too clever . I thought I had you . ANNOUNCER : Attention Ganymede Station . The supply ship Arabella has arrived with a full sector ... Where are we going ? It 's a surprise , dear . [ LOCK BEEPS ] Today 's going to be a very exciting day . This is it . Mei went through here . Sure was nice of chicken boy to give us a skeleton key . I 'm pretty sure it wasn 't out of the goodness of his heart . - [ LOCK BEEPS ] - [ LATCH UNLOCKS ] You didn 't even try to stop me from bashing that kid 's head in . HOLDEN : You 've taught me a lot about futility . Nah . I think I just beat you to it . The protomolecule turned an asteroid into a missile . If we can prevent it from doing something worse , I don 't mind bashing some asshole 's head in . Clear ! [ LOCK BEEPS ] This leads to the old station . - What 's down there ? - Nothing . Most of the original foundation tunnels were abandoned decades ago . No one lives there . But it doesn 't mean they can 't . It 's been a while since Strickland brought your daughter down here . I know . Look , I know exactly how much time 's passed . You need to be ready . - In case ... - In case we don 't find her ? Look , you haven 't lost a child . Yes , I have . My baby boy was taken from me and I tried and I tried to find him and I failed . It took me a very long time to understand that it wasn 't my fault . Would you have listened to anyone who was telling you what you 're telling me now ? HOLDEN : Come on , guys . This is not my time to stop . MARTENS : Your father was always so proud of you . He told me how the two of you used to go free climbing in the Mariner Valley . No belay . No back-up air . No mech suits . Just you and the elements . He told me about the accident . About how he fell , how you carried him on your back , shared your air , saved his life . What happened to that girl who knew her duty ? Her fire team got killed by a thing on Ganymede that wasn 't wearing a vac suit . [ EXHALES ] Why don 't you tell me what really happened ? I just want to help . You were told what you needed to know , and you 've helped quite enough already . It 's time you stopped looking for places to project your guilt . All you need to do now is sit tight , keep your mouth shut , and go home . Transport 's on its way . It 'll be here in a few hours . You make sure your bags are packed . Dismissed . You lied to me about Ganymede . You all lied about Travis . You 've been lying to me this whole time ! That 's what 's bothering you ? That 's what 's bothering you ? You may have jeopardized the future of Mars , but all you can think about is your peace of mind . You , your whole generation , you 're soft . You 're spoiled . I remember we had drill raids in school every day because back then , every Martian child knew that Earth 's fleet was ready and waiting to attack us . To destroy us . To destroy everything that we had worked so hard to build . And that 's supposed to justify ... Grow up ! Peace of mind is a luxury that no Martian can afford , especially not a marine . But you won 't have to worry about that much longer . What 's that supposed to mean ? You won 't be going back to parade , Bobbie , because you don 't follow orders . And a soldier follows orders . You 're not a soldier anymore . Dismissed . [ DOOR OPENS ] ARBOGHAST TECH 1 : Tubes locked and loaded . ARBOGHAST TECH 2 : All indicators green . We 're good to go . PILOT : The Martians are not backing off , sir . They 're staying right on our tail . All right , then . Let 's give the Mickies something to talk about . Launch two . [ LANCH SEQUENCE BLARES ] Launching two . ARBOGHAST TECH 1 : Go . Cleared MCRN one . The Martians have not changed course . No target lock . No action . Here we go . FEMALE TECH : Pressure and temp gradients are going red . No , they 're gone . God damn it . Well , that makes six . Martians have probably turned this into a drinking game . I could use a drink myself . The atmosphere above the impact site is far more corrosive than it should be , and it 's getting worse . There 's clearly something else going on down there . Now , there 's no way those structures around that crater are natural formations . We have two probes left . What if we cannibalize the shielding from one to reinforce the other ? Lower orbit , drop the probe from there , reduce the time of flight to surface . I bet that gets the job done . It would also break mission protocols . Do you think if Magellan followed protocols , he would have circumnavigated the world ? He didn 't make it all the way around . He died trying . He met giants in Patagonia , mate . We 're in uncharted waters . It 's worth the risk . [ SCOFFS ] You know what sailors used to say when their ships went past the end of their maps ? " Time for a new map " ? " Here there be dragons . " ITURBI : We lost two more probes today , but I have a way to get one down to the impact site . The structures around the crater cannot be natural . I 'll let you know how it goes . Think I found a way to get to Jules-Pierre Mao . That 's good . His whole family 's reeling under the financial pressure we 've put on them , and I think his eldest daughter , Clarissa , is ready to crack . He adores her , and if we make an amnesty offer through her , she may be able to sell him on it . What 's wrong ? I got a tip from a friend in the Security Council . When the Eros incident hearings are convened , they are going to make you the star of the show . Well , that makes sense . My good friend Jules-Pierre Mao . If he 's not here to pay for his crimes , they 're going to take it out on me . What did you tell them ? Nothing . You need to use these hearings to tell them everything . Tell them yourself . Atone for your sins . Will you speak on my behalf ? - Sadavir ... - Sorry . I shouldn 't have even said that . It would be a dumb move for you , obviously . There 's no need to taint yourself with my folly . You 'll get through this . [ CHUCKLES ] Yeah , I will . One way or another . Thanks for the heads up . It 's time . ANNOUNCER : All clear for lander on Pad 3 . All clear for Pad 3 . What 's happening ? Sir , we just received an emergency flash from the UN . Apparently , they got wind of an OPA plot to bomb your transport . All traffic in or out of this airspace has been restricted until further notice . Who sent the notification ? It came directly from Undersecretary Avasarala 's office , sir . MARTENS : Is that a fact ? Well , better safe than sorry . I 'm sure it 'll all be cleared up soon enough . In the meantime , return to your quarters . You can stare at the ocean a little longer . ALEX : Oh , man . [ SIGHS ] Looks like a freakin ' hornet 's nest . Those are no use to me . All right , sweetheart , show me the MCRN no-fly zone . [ EXHALES ] All right . So , no one goes in and no one comes out . I bet the guys don 't even know they 're stranded down there . [ BEEPING ] Okay , girl , I got it . I got it . You 're right . Can 't risk the broadcast . Gonna give up our location . But God damn it , we gotta get a message down to them somehow . [ ALARM SOUNDING ] Oh , for the love of Pete . I hate that thing . MCRN CONTROLLER : This is an MCRN Priority Alert to all vessels in the Jupiter AO . Incoming MCRN Delta 2735 , the Karakum , is cleared to dock on Ganymede Station . Under no circumstances are the ship 's operations to be interfered with . All ships , please acknowledge . This is an MCRN Priority Alert . Well , well , well . What the hell makes you so gosh darn special ? Hon , can you show me the Karakum 's flight plan ? Huh . Well , that 's a whole lot of cryptic . What 's their landing pattern ? Where the hell are they going to dock ? Way the hell out in the middle of nowhere . That smells like Black Ops to me . What do you think ? You agree ? [ SLOW BEEPING ] Huh . You 're right . They 're probably here for the exact same reason we are . Shit . That means I gotta get down there before they do . [ EXHALES ] But if I light up the engine , I may as well put a big freakin ' bulls-eye on my back . Clumsy idiot . Hon , go wider . Wider . I said wider . Show me the whole God damn system . Okay . Now , where are we exactly ? All right . Now , show me the orbital paths of all the Jovian moons . [ CHUCKLES ] That 's a lot . Okay . Time lapse times ten . Mmm-hmm . Plot a gravity assist trajectory down to Ganymede . No engine . Just thrusters . Mmm-hmm . Mmm-hmm . Well , no one said it was going to be easy . All right , darlin ' , saddle up . It 's slingshot time . Trigger-happy idiots in orbit . Everybody knew that a field test might cause collateral damage . Not like this . This will delay the transfer . This could be the start of a God damn war . I want my daddy . Soon , honey . You 'll see him soon . Oh . It 's time for your medicine . No . I want to go home . Now . ANNOUNCER : Environmental Security has declared an emergency . Dome 1 down . Please remain calm and proceed to the nearest hard shelter ... See this milkweed ? I don 't want to play anymore . No , no . Look closer . It 's a chrysalis . MEI : Mmm . A butterfly will squeeze its way out of there soon . When I was a little boy , I was about your age , I saw one trying to get out . But it was having trouble , so I tried to help . Really carefully , I split open the casing and the butterfly came right out ! But it couldn 't fly . It was supposed to struggle . Squeezing its way out of that tight casing pushed fluid from its fat body into its wings . Don 't you want to be able to fly one day ? I 'm scared . Well , let 's play a game . We 're explorers . And on we 're off on a grand adventure . And that way is the unknown . And , yeah , there might be scary stuff , but there might also be magical things like you 've never imagined . And we may learn the secrets of the universe . Come on , sweetheart . There 's nothing to be afraid of . [ DEVICE RINGING ] The Martians have declared a no-fly zone over the station . So much for a quiet ride out . Alex knows the back-up plan . He 'll come down as soon as we call . [ MECHANICAL THUDDING ] That sounded like an air cycler shutting down . It 's happening . Faster than I thought . What 's happening ? The cascade . In real nature there 's enough diversity ... It means this station is fucked . The people here just don 't know it yet . Wait . Wait , look . This is Mei 's medicine . She needs a dose every day . Strickland 's keeping her alive . Whatever the reason for that is , he 's not ready to learn it . PRAX : We have to be close . We 're on the right track . - Hey ! - [ GASPS ] Don 't ! - You boys ripping wire ? - LOOTER : We need it . This will buy us passage off this ice-ball . Then go . Cascade , huh ? Looks like the word 's out . GUNNY : Mirror . [ CONSOLE BEEPS ] I need to speak to Captain Martens . [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] - Come . - [ DOOR OPENS ] What 's on your mind , Sergeant ? My dad . He 's going to be very disappointed in you . You should prepare for that . He told you that story ? About the climbing accident ? He was proud of you . So I guess the two of you weren 't that close , huh ? Why would you say that ? Because he didn 't tell you the real story . There wasn 't an accident ? No . There was . But I was the one who fell . He carried me on his back . You know , I used to think he told that story to make me look good . Good Roberta . So dutiful . But now I think it was more for him . I want to know what really happened on Ganymede . And you 're going to tell me . We 're done here . [ GROANS ] [ GROANS ] What happened to my team ? You 'll get a firing squad for this . [ GROANS ] Were you testing a weapon on us ? On your own soldiers ? Your whole generation 's forgotten what it means to sacrifice for the dream of Mars . [ GROANS ] What killed my team ? [ STRAINING ] Project Caliban . Show the field test . MAN : [ ON VIDEO ] In an unrehearsed battlefield demonstration , a single unarmed Version 1 Hybrid easily defeated six UN marines and then four Martian marines equipped with the latest Goliath Mark IV power armor . The drone . You were watching . The Hybrid covered more than two kilometers on the ground ... You watched that thing slaughter my team . We were a God damn sales demo . Did you get a good deal ? Put in an order ? It was for the good of Mars . [ GROANS ] Captain Martens needs to see you . [ GROANS ] You there ! That 's her ! Stop ! Stop or we 'll shoot ! No , no ! We 're not authorized ! GUARD 2 : She 's heading for the checkpoint ! GUARD 1 : Marine ! Stop ! That 's a direct order ! Stop her ! Stop ! UN GUARD : Martian , you are on UN soil . I am Gunnery Sergeant Roberta Draper , Martian Marine Corps . I am requesting political asylum on Earth . [ PANTING ] Ooh . [ CHUCKLES ] Silent as the night and smooth as silk . I have to say , girl , I think you 're doing all the hard work . Ooh . Damn ... That is a sight to behold . [ ALARM BLARING ] Switch to manual . Give me thrusters ! Shit ! Out of the way ! Out of the way ! Out of the way ! - [ ALARM STOPS ] - [ PANTING ] Phew ! God damn . [ SIGHS ] Looks like we forgot that those moons provide cover both ways . If they can 't see us , then we can 't see them either . Let 's say we , uh , remember that from now on . How about I take her in from here ? What the fuck are you looking at ? - Not entirely sure . - [ DOOR OPENS ] CHRISJEN : Sergeant Draper . When I said I need your help , I didn 't mean , create a diplomatic incident . Then you should 've been more specific . You were right about that thing on Ganymede , ma 'am . It was a weapons test . Me and my team and your marines too , we were caught in the middle . That test nearly triggered a system-wide war . The weapon 's up for sale and Mars wants it . Badly . The peace talks , they were a delaying action to buy time to complete the terms of the contract , I guess . Do you know who is involved ? I took that off Captain Martens . He 's in on it for sure . And I bet Minister Korshunov is , too . Get it to SIGINT right away . We need to know what 's on it as soon as possible . Those boys will crack it like an egg . Are you up for a debriefing ? We 'll try to keep it short . This is a brave thing you have done today . We 're all in your debt , Sergeant Draper . You don 't have to call me " Sergeant , " ma 'am . I 'm not a soldier anymore . [ DOOR CLOSES ] [ DEVICE RINGING ] This must be my lucky day . HOLDEN : There 's definitely people inside . Load up . - I 'll take the door . - [ GUN COCKS ] Give me a gun . Do you know how to use one ? No , but I 'm ready to fight for my daughter . This is safe . Hey ! This is fire . Okay ? Don 't shoot us . [ LOCK BEEPS ] Do you like pizza ? Amos , disarm these people . - That 's not going to happen . - HOLDEN : Don 't be stupid . UMEA : Why don 't you put down those guns , and let 's talk this out before things get ugly . Where 's Mei ? [ GROANS ] Damn it ! - [ GASPS ] - [ GROANS ] Hold still . I 'll fix you up . [ DINOSAUR COOS ] You 're lucky . It went straight through . [ GRUNTS ] How come I 'm the one who always gets shot ? [ PANTING ] Madam , you and I are fortunate to spend our lives in positions of great privilege and power . Our actions affect the lives of millions ... Billions ... Entire planets in ways that few people can even comprehend . The Eros experiment was never meant to be an attack on Earth , and I believe that you know that . I also believe that you understand what the protomolecule is , and what it represents for humanity . I can 't afford to waste any more time finding allies , only for you to bring them down . If you truly have the best interest of Earth at heart , you will meet with me and we will come to an accommodation . These are my conditions and they are non-negotiable . You immediately cease all punitive actions against my family . We meet in person on a ship of my choosing outside UN control . You will come with a limited escort . Don 't refuse this offer . It won 't be repeated . So , what do you think ? Why do you pretend that you care about my opinion ? - Indulge me . - It 's a fucking trap . Oh , you 're so predictable . And so are you . You 've already made up your mind , haven 't you ? Then change it . His crimes are public knowledge . He has nothing to gain by killing you . Everything to gain by converting you to his cause . That 's my argument , you know . All right , fine , it makes no sense that it 's a trap , which is exactly why it has to be one . You 're going to accept . I already did an hour ago . See ? [ DEVICES BEEPING ] I want my daddy . [ SOBBING ] It 's going to be fine . Don 't worry . It 's going to be fine . [ GASPS ] It 's not her . It 's not Mei . I don 't know who it is . That 's the protomolecule . Don 't touch it . Don 't touch anything . They released it on Eros uncontrolled to see what it would do . They did this for a purpose . What are you doing ? I came here to destroy the protomolecule and that 's what I 'm gonna do . Grenade ! - [ PEOPLE SCREAMING ] - [ EXPLOSION ] [ PEOPLE SCREAMING ] - [ GUNFIRE AND EXPLOSIONS ] - [ INDISTINCT SCREAMING ] [ ALARM BLARING ] [ ALARM STOPS ] Just wait here . - No chance . - I don 't know . No fucking way . FEMALE TECH : Probe telemetry is good . Surface touchdown in five , four , three , two , one . PILOT : Okay , we 're in . The hell was that ? Whatever this thing is , it took the brunt of the blast . No . I think something broke out of this . This is anesthetic gas . I got a data core . AMOS : The alarm we heard was a depressurization alert . The inner door closed automatically when the outer was breached . Something tore the shit out of this airlock . [ WOMAN GROANING ] [ MOANS ] What were you doing with the protomolecule ? Where 's Strickland ? What did you do to my daughter ? Help me and I 'll tell you . [ YELLS ] Answer me ! Help ... [ WHEEZES ] Help me . Please . Like you helped that kid in the incinerator . Or anyone on Eros . And you expect us to help you ? What was it ? You used the protomolecule on children . What were you doing here ? We made the protomolecule do what we wanted . We made it in our own image . [ GROANS ] And there 's ... [ EXHALES ] ... a lot more where she came from . [ METALLIC CLATTER ] ALEX : Whoa , whoa ! Hold on ! Hold on , there , buddy ! Jesus Christ . It 's me , brother . AMOS : Alex , I could kiss you on the mouth right now . How come you 're always the one getting shot ? How the hell did you find us ? MCRN . They set up a no-fly , but they cleared a Black Ops ship to land right here . So , we got to figuring , maybe they 're looking for the exact same thing that we are , so then the Roci and I , we ... AMOS : We ? Anyways , uh , I just decided to come on down and rescue y 'all . Get out the auto-docs , make sure no one 's infected . Alex ? Stand by . We 're gonna suit up and come out . ALEX : Roger that . Jim , I 'm not going with you . What ? If the protomolecule was here , it could be in 50 other places by now , too . Then we 're just gonna have to find all of them . We have to do good where we can , when we can . I 'm going back to make sure the Somnambulist is up and running , and I 'm going to help Melissa get as many people off this station as we can before it dies . If we don 't catch that thing out there , a lot more people will die . People die every day . I wanted to believe we could stop this . We can 't . Take Amos with you . AMOS : Yeah . Yeah , I 'm good to go . [ GROANS ] Come on . You 'll need an escort out of the no-fly zone . Call when you 're ready to launch . Prax . Go with them . No . I 'm going with you . Thank you . Uh , Chief ? I think you best come take a look at this . 'Cause it sure as hell seems like it 's looking at us . Mother of God . That thing ain 't got a vac suit on . How the fuck is that possible ? What the hell is that thing , Holden ? Suit up . We 're going on a hunt .
