 Not to melebihkan it , but what you 're seeing is the future of the military . By using the advantages of artificial brains , Now we can eliminate the human factor of instability . And give you an advantage in a State of Defense . This technology can directly attack a single target . LTU can also destroy a lot of goals quickly and effectively . Fully automatic , and target , and precision is perfect , track coordinates and do not need a man . Well , attacking tanks for demonstration . This simulation may occur in actual battle , We feel the demonstration without weapons is active will be effective for our purposes today . After artificial brains weaponry deployed to the actual battle . Activated . - I didn 't do it . - Enable . Destroy them now . Based on Genesis today , you guys put into the project . A very secret program called Patriot . LTU genetic Soviet secret projects . Started after the war in the late 1940s . Many lab hidden in the Soviets . Experiments conducted on animals and humans . August Kuratov is responsible for the Technology Department at the Patriots . But , one of his colleagues became obsessed on his discovery called Module 1 . Designed to control any vehicle from afar . Unfortunately , the experiment failed , and the entire Department is closed . Disappointed by his failure , Kuratov envy in the Patriot , Professor Victor Golbanov . As head of the genetic program of the Patriot , Golbanov very successful , and the results of tests on humans , recognizable by its betters . See his colleague known for his studies of large , Kuratov knows he is very missed . Kuratov aware he must do something . His Department and Module 1 already failed . Most importantly , diajuga want to be known as a great scientist . So he decided ... To beat Golbanov . Kuratov steal Research Professor , and began a series of secret genetic research itself . LTU causes some people not guilty be biological casualties from his job . Transgresinya , imprisoned for Kuratov managed to escape , and hiding in its genetic lab . The decision is made , they are looking for a place , and stop kegilaannya . But , his lab revamp Kuratov into bombs . A major flash point . But it didn 't kill him . A chemical explosion in spite changing the genetic structure of her body . He 's got great power . He became ... A very powerful force . He successfully completed the research Module 1 . LTU explains why we lose control of the machine when the demonstration . Even our own forces could not stopping him from . There is only one way for us to track the animal . Human subject which he created will help us stop it . They must be found , and convinced to help . And now I welcome you guys to the Patriots . Let me kuluruskan , I have 2 weeks to search in the entire Soviet Union , to form a superhuman team . The team to stop a supervillain . LTU mission . The team should you form , is our only hope . A question ? No , Sir . I 'm no more question . I have to get back to work . Now I may go , Sir ? Yes , disperse . One more thing , Sir . What is the name misiku ? THE GUARDIANS All , attention . Now our mission is to keep track of the Guardian . We 've been analyzing the files , but not much of a clue . We have some clues that could indicate the possibility of their hiding places . There is no location refer to the US . Search the entire database for reports of unusual of all regions , even the media . I can be anything from Kazaktan to the West , someone post a video that contains someone moving as fast as the wind . The video was already deleted , but there are eye witnesses . - Immediately check it . - Parts suburbs claimed to There are strange forces . Siberia , a group of hunters track animals are weird . Nice . Now narrow the location . There are a discovered the basement . There is a location predicted gaffe - for 24 hours . - Itu . Anyone seen a human disappear behind a rock avalanche and is not visible . LTU remote places where one Guardian residence . Now it 's time to move . ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) ( BERBAHASAASING ) Amin . Excuse me , you 're Lernik , right ? I 'm Mayor Larina . Now I 'm responsible for the Patriots . Do you want to menggunakanku to keuntunganmu . Now I live here alone as pastoralists , becoming a hermit . Lernik . I 'm here to menawarkanmu a chance of revenge . Revenge ? It 's too late , they were dead . - All enemies are dead now . Kuratov - August were still alive . Already kuduga . Now call me Ler . Lernik was long dead . I 'm sure they all deserve it , Khan . Even kindness has to pay the price in this world . Then join me for destroying Kuratov . LTU will not be an easy task . Who is going to join us ? Stupid to block the lethal warriors . As you have noticed , our old teams gather again . Not all . You think I 'm off guard ? You think you 're who ? If I membawakanmu a flower , you will memperlakukanku better ? You could try harder to remember ? It looks like I 've never seen you . We have to get acquainted . Before I kill you . Gosh , your lips . Impressive as hell . And how often are you killing friends lamamu ? Hey , I 'm a mengajarimu movement . You should try another movement . I teach that movement . Then you teach him . Kseniya . We 've known all . For 40 years you were unchanged . You don 't have friends , and you 're a loner who has super strength . Not so ? We are all the same like you . Ler . Khan . Arsus . You 're not curious who did this to you ? Ikutlah with us . I 've been waiting for this moment for half a century . And now no one can menghentikanku . You guys are ready , forth my hosts ... My daughters . That 's when it dawned on me . The time in 1978 . LTU nyataku memories of the first . The doctors didn 't know who I was . Existing me just ring engraved . I know my name from these rings . The Doctor reassures me if my memory will return with time . A year passed , and then another year ... And I still can 't remember . I began to see people on about me ; grow old . I know , as part of the power of the superku , I don 't get old . I 'm not old in the slightest . Forever young . I can make them wonder , so I moved on . And I continue to live . So what superpowers still have you got ? Do you see . Not visible in the water ... And my skin had the ability set the temperature . So I don 't feel cold or hot . I can control the temperature of my body in accordance keinnginanku . Then I also make delicious borscht . People call him super strength . Now I 'm tired of moving . I 'm tired of constantly shifting . Don 't have a home , and alone . So I 'm very unique because I 'm so I decided ... I could use this power to do something . Kseniya , tell me ... Are you ready to join the Guardians ? I will be happy to help . It may help you will help me . I mean , there 's a chance ... Maybe I 'll remember who me . Attention , we managed to track down Kuratov . We track the GPS stolen tanks . He will soon realize that , so now we have the advantage to surprise . But not for a long time . This place is the center of his control . The weather is perfect . Mayorr , where Kuratov ? Ler , sinyalmu problematic . Ler ? Ler , did you get mendengarku ? - What happened ? - No signal . There is a screw up the signal . - When turned on again ? - I don 't know . We 're trying . Prepare helicopter . We are there . Apparently you again . Good morning , my friend . You 're looking good . There are times where we have fun together . - You forget I know all the kelemahanmu . - Kuratov . I know KKR . Remove Kseniya . He could not remember anything about you . Arsus . You 're a scientist . Serbian forces branch of the mu is one of the best , but asking for something ridiculous . If you or I want to die , Kseniya you 're definitely the first to die , - and nothing holding me . - You know you need the power of us . But you 're not going to get it . LTU is not up to you , my friend . The reason I gather you guys here is to give you guys the opportunity to join me . Maybe you should join us . - We can be a good team . - Why should we help you ? You 're going to kill us if we refuse ? Our death is not a problem . We 've lived long enough . Death is better - instead of having to join the opponent . - I know better about yourselves . You guys have 24 hours to think . For now ... I 've been designing and making my own clone army . I 'm sure I don 't need the help of you guys . Good afternoon . We have not been able ... identify the transmitter space ... that is made specifically for use by the army . Witnesses said that heavy vehicle ... the troops had left Headquarters the main reason behind this was to get ready the face of the transmitter . In the last news item reported that heavy military vehicles moving towards the capital and create chaos . No military can explain ... Conventional military forces ... recognize can 't hold massive troop movement ... who are heading to Moscow . This video shows that all vehicles are blocking ... will be destroyed by a military vehicle fleet mechanic . Currently , residents were evacuating the city , causing congestion and road closures . Moscow City Centre devastated by the movements of this fleet . The amount of damage caused by the movement of it too large to be counted . The question is how this mess can be stop ? Kuratov , we already agreed . I 've had to fill my share , I 've brought the Guardian you . You 're all this reassures me will not get out of control . It 's time you fill yours out of our deal ! How did you fare ? When I passed out ... I had a dream about my daughter . I 'm so glad to see it . I remember the moment he could walk . Very special day when he first called me dad . The first day of school ... And then graduated from the University ... Truly a happy day , laughing and dancing the day of her wedding . My grandchildren ... We are always playing together . When the day of their graduation ... from the moment the HIGH SCHOOL to the University of ... I 'm really lucky to be present at those moments . My daughter ... reminds my wife is sweet and good . I remember the faces of the greying and hair keriputnya . I also remember being at his funeral . Parents are not supposed to bury his own son . Excuse Me , Major , There 's a professor wants to meet you . He claimed to have worked with you . Professor , this is great . We don 't even know you 're still alive . First I talk in the news media ... I know we are all in danger , so I came here . We found Kseniya , Khan , Arsis , and Ler . We found Ler but he mortally wounded while fighting Kuratov . Others may be killed or captured . He can 't kill all of them . I was there ... many years ago . August mengundangku to his lab to show off his success ... experiments . I heard the agency learns about his work . Then carefully he built this place . He built a secret laboratory . He doesn 't think I 'm still alive ... so I 'm sure she 's here . - Professor , can you help restore Ler ? - Of course . He usually picked me up ... with his ability . This magnetic shield . The power generator on the wall must be given up in advance . Take cover there and then ... - but the way it 's bisajuga . - General Dolgov betray us . Ministry of Defense menujukku to lead the operation . We must stop Kuratov , so the next step ... Give him time . You 're still here . Yes , I should speak on a professor . He is in the lab , are studying one of the clones Kuratov . - I can call diajika you want . - I wait here only . Arsis . I knew something was bothering your mind . Do you want a story ? Kseniya , I ... watched him long enough . Eight years ago when I found it , I realized she was losing her memory . So I menjagajarak him and watching him . I do not know how to say this . Be a scientist ... I thought I knew my purpose . But I realized the change myself increasingly more difficult . Even after I went back to human form I still feel like an animal . Some animals are better than humans . I agree with you . When I became a bear , I couldn 't speak , only roars . The side of the manusiaku is missing for some time . Moda bears getting the longer duration , days and it 's weird . I 'm afraid I can 't go back to being a human being . I need to know how long I changed before I stuck forever . Only professors who can find out ... But now you can control it . I guess so , but I doubt it . I could be stuck into a bear forever . Please don 't let that happen . Arsus . Arsus . I 'll do anything to help you . I promise . Thank you . Gosh . This is not possible . I guess we 've been long time no meet . Nights full of pain ... and embarrassing . Betrayal . - Why do you do it ? - I 'm not mengkhianatimu and you know it 's real . You can not run ... - We all can 't run . - Good . I know what 's going on do Kseniya . - And I know why he ... - It makes no difference . Soon the whole world ... will know I 'm a genius . Not a traitor . Mayor . There is a problem . An agent menghubungimu . Display on the main screen , and bring the Guardian here . Unfortunately , we have no information about the opponent , but we 're close . Wait for it . It is not possible . Hammer are heading Earth 's orbit . Hammer ? Hammer which ? Relics of the cold war . The space station is a Hammer gun created by President Reagan as part of the star wars . The power can be sliced a earth shattering and now under the control of Kuratov . Space station Hammer designed specifically . That thing is too high to be in the crush of Earth . But at the end of the year 80 were turned off , so it just floats follow Earth 's orbit . LTU which we believe . Sorry I cut you guys talk , but there seems to be an additional problem . We have just managed to mendeskripsi module Hammer . Kuratov won 't stop accessing the Hammer . It seems recananya is taking over all communications satellites orbiting the Earth . If successful , he was able to control all the machine on Earth . He makes the module to the-duajadi she could control the entire planet . But to do that he needs a very powerful transmitter and antenna . - Should at least be of ... - the Tower of Zakinan . Kuratov also have a transmitter that . Maybe it all into parts for modulnya . But it 's not high enough . At least he need a length of 500 metres . In addition , no longer exists . Actually , there is . The building of the Federation in the city of Moscow . Building a Federation of over 300 metres high , and if the merge with towers at Estofield ... height is more than 900 meters . - Itu could be ... - a giant Antenna . - How menemukanku ? - Usually you spend time here . Correct , right ? I have an older sister . Older brother . When we were in Moscow , We both always spend time around here . He is very clever in Kung Fu and play sword . I idolized him . He became a figure of a good example . But as I mature , I realize I just live under his shadow . No one believes me . But I 'm sure , I 'm not weaker . That 's when I made a mistake . Kuratov ... He promises can be made me invincible . So I agree the subject of his experiments . I 'm through unimaginable torture , and become superhuman . I challenged him . The fight against it . I just want to see my capacity . But during the fight , pengendaliku the . I 'm losing control . I could not withdraw . My sister died . I beat him ... until he died . Kecemburuanku causes the death of my brother . How can I be better with him killed ? I grieve over Kau . But we need you . A special outfit created this cyber , designed to raise the efficiency of the battle . This Inovasi make supermu ability is increased further . So where is mine ? Lock system is connected with the motormu system . LTU detect targets based on aggression . When you start to change , a cannon is active automatically . You 're equipped with a defense against all physical damage . Including bullets , knives , arrows and pushers . See this spinal area . We complement with a steel rope and harpoon . In the fight terakhirmu Kemampuanmu neutralized because you do not have any access to lock . With new clothes you have it all the time . During the change of change so the weapon is a challenge . We decided to bring the electro magnetic impulses . That not only affects the opponent , but it also provides a deadly blow . Due to the sensitive sensor He bisajadi invisible whenever he chooses , to activate it . These special clothes will support this functionality and will disappear with him . Other features make the invisible object by touching it . What do we get ? This , the getting . Fair , very fair . Perfectly . We had a time of 1 hour . Courts remains to be built . He will join the attacks and maintain the tower . And is associated with introduction to the shots . After that we will have more power . And then the world will help . He has not been . To stop it we must turn off the second device . Which is under the control panel of the main building . We have to do it . We must attack from the point of attack . I 'm dragging a tower from there . - Our System cannot be attacked him . - Okay . Well I 'll start from the subway . What about the attack ? You can use this special circumstance to relieve battle field . We found this during the last fight . It will bring command of the guard on the other parameters . Use a wire would be able to break down the tower . So we can destroy the Majoal too . Turn off the Majoal and tornado squad we will be them . They will destroy the city with rocket launchers . We have to go before the increase . He is getting closer . He was still alive . What makes it so long ? We are too high , try approaching . I couldnt even closer . Gosh . I couldnt survive , What about the Guardian ? He cannot be destroyed . He can survive . Guardian present to support each other . This crisis took their strength . He presents a treatment for restoration . - To do what is necessary . - Good , I 'd say on them . He stressed with that energy . It is difficult to control . This bisajadi too late . One room to her . You know it . This control generatornya . We have to turn it off , So Warren could destroy this structure . Along with Carata . How can we do it ? Turned into physical attacks ... Arsis , can you wait ? Don 't get me angry . Ingat what happened , she could melumerkan any steel . I understand . Are you alright ? Yes . The attack dealt . - A Tornado strikes them . - Wait . The guardian is still in there . It took me again , I have a intel is important to them . You will never refuse tawaranku . There 's no time for that . Tornado will soon attack . You 're destined to lead the world . We should be back up there . No , don 't . Rocket squad Tornado on the way . What KKR ? You 're not even able to survive ! Energy transfer is a process that is very unstable , returning a shot . I warn , you could die . Come try it . Do not destroy rencanaku ! No ! My big idea ! You 're wrong again , Hoges . They are creating themselves . And signal the attack in Moscow has stopped as it has started There are no terrorists who claim to have been in charge responsibility for the attack and damage it . Defense Minister Broke Verses , ready for a press conference , this afternoon . Troops guard we able to survive to ward off the attack . That 's where the result was the defeat of this group . A weapon that is not registered as part of the Russian army weapons . Now residents of Moscow have already reminded that circumstances are slowly returning to normal . Their homes were destroyed , is back again . The Government gave the House and repair to a damaged home . I think silence is golden . I think silence is very priceless . They want to know , you have the fact ... You guys are awesome , but it 's not just super strength which makes you great . You 're mengajarkanku to find dignity to achieve friendship . I found it . We are real friends . Like you . I began to remember some things from my past . Even I remember who gave cincinku . Something was I thinking . I hope we don 't have to go back to our lives are boring again . Yes . Not a house in the country and a big city like this . You 're not ready for this . Wait for it . Threats are not deadly . Our Bagaimanajika membutuhkanmu again ? - Itu is not happening . - I think I see you again . One more thing ... We find the other Guardian . Who is mengirimkanmu ? Arum .
