 ♪ ♪ ( narrator ) I 'm sorry , viewer . The TV show you 're searching for cannot be streamed in your reality . Please stand by for reconnection . ♪ ♪ In the darkest depths of cyberspace , there is another world . ♪ ♪ A lost dimension , home to wonders unseen , terrors unspeakable . ♪ ♪ Stories unlike any ever told until now . ♪ ♪ Do not click back . Do not reload . We have reconnected to ... Dimension 404 . ♪ ♪ Twas the week before Christmas and all through the nation , the NSA watched us from a secret location . They hunted a man , a serial bomber , location unknown , this guy was a goner . ♪ ♪ Tracking this man was no easy job so the government turned to a monster ... named Bob . ♪ ♪ Bob knows when we 're sleeping and when we 're awake , but something inside him is starting to break . Though he hunts and he tracks , his search is in vain , for this all-seeing eye feels nothing ... nothing but pain . ♪ ♪ ( Sam ) What is it , what is it ? Oh , you 're gonna find out soon , baby girl . Did you guys get my flight info ? ( Beth ) I don 't know , Sam , did we get Mommy 's itinerary ? ( Sam ) Flight 322 , arrives at 2 : 15 , terminal B , and then we see Mommy ! ( imitates airplane engine ) ( Beth ) Someone 's just a little excited that you 're coming home . Yeah , well , she is not the only one . Oh , she certainly isn 't . Two weeks leave over Christmas . I 'm still waiting for the other shoe to drop . Yo , I 'm comin ' home , babe . Come hell or high wat ... Oh , I 'm gonna be late ! ( Beth ) Oh no , go , go ! - Love you . - I love you . ♪ ♪ Okay . ♪ ♪ ( Adams ) Hey , Doc . - You , uh , you got a sec ? - Oh . Um ... I just wanna say ... merry Christmas . So have a good time at home . Come back soon ' cause , uh ... we 're really gonna ... we 're really gonna need you out ... Whoa , hey , hey , what 's goin ' on ? ( Adams ) I don 't know . ( sighs ) It 's this damn holiday . I mean , it 's just ... every time I see that tree in the mess hall , I just think about home and I get ... ♪ ♪ I just ... Talk to me , Adams . ♪ ♪ ( Adams ) I just don 't wanna be here anymore . ♪ ♪ - Captain Lee ? - Uh , yeah ? ( female agent ) Whitney Smith , NSA . - Nice to meet you . - Sure , yeah , you too . If you don 't mind , I gotta catch a transport . ( Whitney ) I 'm headed that way too . Come on . ♪ ♪ I 'll give you a lift . That 's great , I 'm super late . And she 's still kinda confused about Santa Claus but the tree looks nice and if I catch this transport , I 'm gonna be home in time to decorate it which is the ... Well , it 's the best part anyway . ( Whitney ) Sounds very nice . ( Captain Lee ) So NSA , huh ? I mean , I 'm sure it 's top secret but you got any Christmas plans ? You , Captain . What ? Don 't worry , you 're not in trouble . I just need you to come with us . Whitney , right ? Listen , I 've been out here 18 months without leave . I miss my kid , I miss my wife . I spent our anniversary hiding under a desk , trying to get the internet to work while getting mortared . I 'm sure that the NSA is used to getting whatever the hell it wants , but whatever it wants from me is gonna have to wait . There is nothing in this world that is gonna make me miss Christmas with my family . ( drone of airplane engine ) You suck . ( wind howling ) ♪ ♪ _ So where are we , the North Pole ? - I 'd tell ya , but then they ... - Then they 'd have to shoot me . - Yeah I know . - What ? No , they 'd shoot me for divulging confidential information . - Why would they shoot you ? - Captain Lee . Director Stevens . Cocoa ? ♪ ♪ Come on , we 'll do the nickel tour . ♪ ♪ The NSA has a major data problem ; we 're drowning in the stuff . Emails , phone logs , you name it , we got about three petabytes a second of it from American civilians alone . ( Captain Lee ) Oh , well , that 's ... horrifying . ( Director Stevens ) Worse still , our analysts have to process all of that data one click at a time . I know what you 're thinkin ' . Replace ' em with robots ! Believe me , I have tried . But despite what you might have read in WIRED , that kind of AI is still decades away . So for now , it still takes a human brain to spot patterns , connect the dots , and catch the bad guys . ( Captain Lee ) And a human butt to wipe the Constitution on , am I right ? ( laughs ) ( Stevens chuckles derisively ) ( elevator dings ) ♪ ♪ ( Director Stevens ) Ten days ago , our top analyst began displaying erratic behavior . It 's affecting his work and , consequently , the safety of the American people . You 're here to provide therapeutic support and get him back in action . ( Captain Lee ) Wait , so , you flew me all the way out to ... wherever we are just to give a pep talk to a computer geek ? ( Director Stevens ) Not exactly . ♪ ♪ Captain Lee ... meet Bob . ( Bob ) Ah , Director Stevens , who 's your new friend ? ( liquid bubbling , squelching ) Good morning . ( Director Stevens ) Good morning , Bob . - This is ... - Jane Lee . 32 , 17 unread emails , current location : here . ( Jane ) What the hell is that thing ? ( Bob ) Where are my manners ? I 'm Bob , chief intelligence officer here at NSA black site Indigo . ( Jane ) Why is it made of meat ? - Mm . - Okay . Imagine the NSA built a huge cube of nutrient enriched meat , then grew a giant human brain , placed it inside , added some wires , plugged it in , and then used it to monitor every person on Earth at all times . Okay . ( Chris ) That 's what we did . - That 's Bob . - Hello ! So what brings you to our neck of the woods , Jane ? ( Director Stevens ) Captain Lee is here to see you , Bob . - She 's ... - My therapist . Of course , I know why she 's here . I know everything . I was trying to be polite and colloquial . - Hence , " neck of the woods . " - Oh my God . I mean , I don 't need a therapist , so ... ( Chris ) Well , Bob , the director seems to think that ... ( Director Stevens ) Ah , Chris and I both think that talking with Jane will help you with your ... problems finding ... - What 's-his-face . - What 's-his-face ? He has a name , Chris . It 's Lucas T. Wade and he 's a very , very , very bad ... Ow , ow , ow-ow-ow , ow ! ♪ ♪ Okay , fine . What 's-his-face is a serious problem and it 's proving hard to locate him but therapy ? ( Chris ) Captain Lee is a total pro , Bob . One of the best in the world . ( Bob ) She cheated on her Intro to Psych final . The Scantrons prove it . - Sorry , Jane , that was rude . - _ You did though , so you should be sorry too . ( Director Stevens ) Well , nobody 's perfect . Apparently not even you , Bob . Isn 't that right , Jane ? ♪ ♪ ( Bob ) Uh-oh , Chris , mop time . ( Director Stevens ) How you feelin ' ? What the hell is wrong with you people ? Oh no , that was the last one . - Excuse me ? - The last stupid question you get to ask me . Now , how ' bout we get to work ? ♪ ♪ _ ( Chris ) Lucas T. Wade : hacker , anarchist , survivalist , terrorist nutjob . ( Director Stevens ) He 's planning an attack . We don 't know where , we don 't know when . ( Chris ) But it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas . ( sighs ) Okay , so , this Wade guy is the only person your meat computer can 't find ? ( Chris ) Well , we put Bob through every test under the sun , there 's nothing physically wrong with him . ( Director Stevens ) Which brings us to you . There must be somebody who 's more qualified for this . You 'd think so , wouldn 't ya ? ( Director Stevens ) Listen , we 're saying we need your help and if you want to leave , we can 't legally stop you . Great , then it was nice meeting you . ( Director Stevens ) But out of over 2100 Army therapists , you are the only one who has voluntarily extended your tour three times . Never asked for one day of leave . Seventeen unread emails , mostly from your wife . I guess reading those makes it harder to stay , huh ? You know , it seems to me ... that you are literally incapable of turning your back on a soldier in pain . That thing is not a soldier . ( Chris ) No , it 's not . Soldiers get to go on leave . Bob ... he 's on duty 24 / 7 . ( Director Stevens ) 24 / 7 , Jane , and he 's in pain and he needs your help . And if you can 't give it to him , well , let me just put it this way : there are a lot of moms and dads who won 't be home for Christmas . ♪ ♪ Because they 'll be dead . I got that . Hey , Mommy really wanted to be home for Christmas . ( Sam ) You promised ! Something really , really important came up and I want ... I 'm sorry . I wanted to be home and be there for you guys . ( Beth ) No , don 't do that , Jane . Don 't be there for us . - Be here for you . - I can 't . And I can 't tell you why . ( Sam sobbing ) I should go check on Sam . I 'll see you ... when I see you , I guess . ( Jane ) Okay , I love you , I wanna ... ( groans ) ( Bob ) So that was your family , huh ? They seem great . Bob ? Um , why are ... Um ... what are you doing here ? ( Bob ) I just wanted to say sorry for being so rude earlier . Oh , um ... that 's okay . Uh , apology accepted . ( Bob ) Oh , great , thank you . So , uh , goodnight . ( Bob ) Okay , goodnight . - Oh my God . - One quick thing though . I 'm still a little iffy about this whole therapy situation . Um , well , it 's normal to feel anxious at the start of therapy ... and we can address that in tomorrow 's session . ( Bob ) Okay . - Okay , goodnight , Bob . - Goodnight , Ja ... ( sighs ) ( Bob ) See , here 's the thing though . I don 't wanna do the sessions , they 're a waste of time . And how will wasting time with you solve my anxiety about wasting time with you ? You seem uncomfortable . Bob , this is a complete invasion of ... ( soft guttural vocalizations ) ( Bob ) " Songs of the Blue Whale " from your " Sleepytime " playlist . Okay . We need to establish some boundaries . ( Bob ) Boundaries how ? I know everything about you . If you need boundaries , you should probably leave . ( Jane ) I am not leaving . Bob , you need to leave me alone right now , okay ? Goodnight . ( sighs ) ( whirring of small drone ) ( Bob ) Okay , so , I don 't get you . I don 't want you here . You have places you 'd rather be and yet here we are . Why are we here ? I don 't know , Bob . You barged into my room and now you refuse to leave . Some might call that a cry for help . So why don 't we talk about what 's really going on with you ? ( Bob ) Um , uh , hm . The thing is ... Oh no , your sprinklers totally , accidentally , not on purpose just came on ! And the door 's locked too . Shucks , what a nightmare . Well , see you in the morning , Jane . Bye-bye ! ♪ ♪ ( exclaims ) ♪ ♪ ( Director Stevens ) Bob , do you have eyes on Captain Lee ? She 's late . ( Bob ) Late on her first session . Perhaps Jane 's not as professional as you thought . Shame . Guess you 'll have to get somebody ... - Good morning . - Jane . ( Jane ) I 'm sorry I 'm late . I was trying to sneak a cigarette in my room and the sprinklers went off . I had to dry my clothes in the bathroom . - Really ? - Really ? Really . I guess we better get started then . ( Director Stevens ) Okay , people . Let 's go . You know , this is your fault . - You spoil him ! - I don 't ... ( Director Stevens ) Oh , come on ! ♪ ♪ ( Bob ) Okay , now I really don 't get you . ( Jane ) I think we got off on the wrong foot last night . ( Bob ) I 'm sorry about your clothes and your electronics , it wasn 't my finest moment . ♪ ♪ - What 's goin ' on , Bob ? - Clearly you were right , I ... I need help . I hate playing this card because it 's so obnoxious , but ... I am to you as you are to an earthworm . I do need help , but I don 't know if an earthworm can give it to me . ♪ ♪ I don 't know either . But I 'd rather say that we failed than say that we didn 't even try . Wouldn 't you ? ♪ ♪ Give me two hours . You answer some of my silly questions , I file my report with Stevens , and after that , if you don 't wanna see me anymore then you will never see this little earthworm again . ♪ ♪ You have an hour and ten minutes . _ Actually , I think our session is ... ( Bob ) You are 50 minutes late , Jane . ( timer beeping ) Let 's get started . ♪ ♪ So , describe the problem in your own words . ( Bob ) Hmm ... what do you know about bats , Jane ? - Bats ? - I 'm trying to describe Bob Vision , it 's like ... echolocation . I sense your data bouncing around : what you buy , what you watch , who you call ... and I put it all together and I ... I know who you are . - Like a bat . - Like a giant super-intelligent bat , whose vision is comprised of the multitude of humanity 's external expressions through its interactions with the ubiquitous data network we call the internet and which , in this analogy , would be a cave . Does that help you understand ? Let 's try a different approach . ♪ ♪ ( Bob ) Branch . - Ocean . - Water . - Car . - Driver . - Dog . - Leash . - Cat . - Scratch . - Job . - Great . - Lucas T. Wade . - He 's in Ohio . Just kidding , I got nothing . More words , please . ( Jane ) Have you never been able to see Wade or did you only lose him after a time ? Walk me through it . ( Bob ) Wade 's always been slippery but I was so close to knowing where he would be , you know , where he would hide , when he would strike . Last month he disappeared in a subway in New York and I don 't ... well , I haven 't seen him since . ( Jane ) What was he doing there ? ( Bob ) Well , he 'd just been shopping . He got a new coat , ate a donut , and then ... while he was riding the subway , I j ... I just lost him . - ( alert beeping ) - _ How did that make you feel ? Angry . Sounds a little like you 're guessing . - Sad , that 's the one . - Is it ? I 'm not sensing any s ... Yup , I 'm sad , definitely sad . Feeling good about sad . ( Jane ) Okay , well , sad how ? Does it make you wanna cry or ... actually , can you cry ? Here 's an idea , let 's move on . Okay . Um ... let me see . How ' bout this , a magic genie will grant you one wish . What do you wish for ? Wow , I can 't believe I can 't think of anything . That 's okay , take your time . I got it ! Herb Hillman , 72 , 10,322 unread emails . His wife , Gladys , wants an iPad for Christmas . Instead , he 's building her ... this . - What is it ? - I have no idea ! Is it , like , a bird-feeder or a shoe rack ? I know what our next president will have for lunch next Thursday but ... this thing has me stumped . That 's interesting . So , if you could have one wish it would be ... ( Bob ) I mean , I 'd call Herb and ask him what the hell 's going on ! I mean , what is that thing ? Oh shit , hang on . Hey , Director , Codename : Payday just popped up on a SAT phone in Baanam . ( Director Stevens ) Good catch , Bob . - Alert the D.O.D. - Copy that . - Hey , Bob , what is this ? - Engaging target . ♪ ♪ Target neutralized . ( Bob ) Codename : Payday , confirmed killed . Three additional non-combatants killed . Oh , sorry , Jane , uh , what were we talking about ? - Fly . - Swatter . - Kiss . - Lover . - Job . - We did job . - We 're doing it again . - Why ? - Job . - Why ? ( Jane ) Do you know what a conversion disorder is ? ( Bob ) Of course . I once treated this EOD tech , he couldn 't move his left hand . There was nothing physically wrong with him , but then once he opened up at sessions , it was ... ( Bob ) Sergeant Eric Mann . Fascinating . So , I 'm suffering the same condition . - It 's all in my mind . - Well , I mean , you might not see the way I see , but sudden blindness can be brought on by acute stress and anxiety . Hence , " job . " - Job . - I love my job . I keep people safe , it 's what I was born to do . It must be a lot of pressure . ( Bob ) Well , it would be for most people but I 'm not most people . You 're still a person , Bob . We must be running short on time , Doctor . What was it like to kill that man ? - Codename : Payday ? - I didn 't kill him . I provided intelligence . ( Jane ) Your intelligence led to his death . And three others . Possibly innocent civilians . ( Bob ) People die every day , people died while I was saying that sentence . Gene Cosgrove , lung cancer . - Does that bother you ? - That doesn 't bother me , Jane . - Then what does ? - You do ! ( circuits shorting ) ♪ ♪ Sorry , I 'm sorry , that ... ♪ ♪ It 's okay to feel angry . You know , I wonder what Beth and Sam are up to right now . Okay , Bob , you 're deflect ... Yeah , I wonder how your favorite girls are doing without their big Jane-shaped safety blanket ? Bob ! Boundaries . ( Beth ) Thank you . Hm ! ( Bob ) Go on . ♪ ♪ See for yourself . ( Beth ) Good job ! All right ! ♪ ♪ ( Bob ) Surprise ! Turns out they 're doing just fine . Look at ' em . - Perfect ! - Don 't they look happy decorating that Christmas tree ? Living their life without you ? ♪ ♪ You know how I really get to know people ? It 's not through what they say ; it 's through what they don 't . And when it comes to your family , your silence is deafening . They don 't need you , but you need to feel needed . It 's why you took a job halfway across the world . It 's why you just can 't say no when some shell-shocked army grunt needs a shoulder to cry on . It 's why you 're here . No wonder you need whale noises to fall asleep . I pity you , Jane . I really do . You got me , Bob . Well done . I 'm afraid our time is up . ♪ ♪ I would like you to leave now . You said that you pity me , Bob . So what ? Pity comes from empathy , from compassion . You 're not a gigantic brain ... you 're a gigantic heart . You love people . You love Herb Hillman . You probably loved Codename : Payday . Jane , get out . There are seven billion people on this planet , and you know all of our secrets . What 's it like to pity everyone ? ♪ ♪ Your silence is deafening . ♪ ♪ It 's okay . You can tell me . No , but I can show you . This is the moment Lucas T. Wade finally ate his donut . Here 's what else I saw . Meet Eddie Wilson . First Christmas without his beloved wife Carol . His kids are on a cruise right now . George Preston 's having a beer with his fast food . Nine years sobriety washed away with a burger and fries . Sally Benson , the woman with the baby clothes , she 's infertile . I 'll let you do the math . And here 's Amanda Jackson . She just asked for a picture with Santa , and here 's what her sister said : ( sister ) Stop , it 's not Santa , Santa 's not even real . God , just sit there and be quiet . Dad 's not coming this year anyway , so just ... ( Bob ) Amanda knows the world 's darkest secret now : there is no Santa . Someone that wonderful can only be a lie . Merry Christmas , Amanda . You get the agony of the truth . And that 's just one subway car ... of one subway of one city . Exabytes of misery flowing through the world every single second . That 's what I see . That 's Bob Vision . You want to know if I can cry , Jane ? I 've been crying since they turned me on . And then there 's Wade , eating his donut , getting off at his stop . Hey , he 's leaving the subway , I-I can see him again . Just relax and focus . ( Bob ) Shh , it 's two weeks ago , he 's leaving the subway , he 's paying for parking . I lost him ... wait , wait , wait , last week , he 's buying ... what is he buying ? No , wait , he 's back , he 's back , three days ago , back on the subway , where 's he going ? Oh , my God . - I know the target ! - _ I know , I ... no ! No , no , no , no , no , no ! ( electricity zapping ) Calm down , just calm down , okay ? - Just stay calm . - Where is he , Bob ? Tell us right now , where is Lucas T. Wade ? We 're too late . ( subway car rattling ) Anybody leave this ? Anybody leave this ? ( explosion ) ( people screaming ) ( popping ) ( siren wailing ) ( beeping ) ( Bob ) Sixth Avenue , he just stepped into an alley , I can 't ... Oh , he 's ... Andrew Brown , school teacher . Amy Lopez , mother of three . - He 's overheating ! - We 're moving as fast as we can . ( Bob ) Mary Chang , she 's trapped in the rubble , she 's ... she 's screaming , they can 't reach her . ( Director Stevens ) Where is he , Bob ? We need an answer now ! ( Bob ) There 's Wade , he 's in the alley . No , no , he 's ... ( static zapping , beeping ) ( dramatic music ) ♪ ♪ I lost him . ♪ ♪ I 'm sorry . ♪ ♪ ( slamming ) ( plastic rustling ) ( Jane sighing ) ( slamming ) ( telephone ringing ) ( Jane ) He 's making progress . We missed this one , but we can find him , we just need ... ( Director Stevens ) Thank you for your service , Captain . You 're dismissed . ( Jane ) What ? ( Director Stevens ) Great job , you did your country proud . - It 's time to go home . - But what about Bob ? ( Director Stevens ) It 's no longer your concern . Excuse me . ( Jane ) Hey , that 's my patient in there . You can 't terminate treatment without his consent , so tell me - what the hell is going on ! - Keep your voice down ! I just got off the phone with the joint chiefs . Bob is being relieved of duty . What does that mean ? It means he 's being deactivated . Deactivated ? - That 's murder . - No , it 's not murder , Jane . It 's unplugging a computer . Chris is taking him offline as we speak . Then what , you just ... you just grow another one ? Yes , and when that one breaks , we 'll grow a third one , and then a fourth one , and so on and so forth . We have a car coming for you at 2300 . I mean , there must be something ... It 's Christmas Eve , Jane . Go home . ( melancholy Christmas music ) ♪ ♪ _ _ ( powering down ) ♪ ♪ _ It wants to talk to you . ♪ ♪ Okay . ♪ ♪ ( footsteps approaching ) Hello ? Is someone there ? - ( Jane ) It 's me , Bob . - ( Bob ) Jane . You sound so far away . I 'm here . I 'm in the room with you . ( Bob ) Well , I-I don 't hear anyone else . It 's just ... you and me , talking . Is ... is this what it 's like for most ... people , in conversation , I mean ? Well , I guess most people are usually checking their phones . ( Bob chuckles ) Chris said that you wanted to see me . ( Bob ) So , I was just sitting here , dying and all , and I thought it would be extra sad if I died without having any friends , and then ... I thought you might be my friend , but ... I wanted to ask you first . Are we friends ? I mean , no pressure or anything . It 's important that you 're honest . Yes . We are friends , Bob . Good . I think so , too . ( sniffling ) Jane , are you crying ? No . ( Bob ) Jane . You were right , you know . I need to feel needed . I don 't really do this job for other people . I do it because ... I just hate feeling useless . And now people are dying , and you 're dying , and , um ... I wasn 't useful to any of you . Oh , Jane . I want to hug you , but ... I don 't have arms , so , um ... come here , okay ? ( somber music ) You can 't help everybody . It doesn 't mean you 're useless . It means you 're human . ( sniffling ) Geez , you cry more than I do . ( chuckling ) ♪ ♪ You 'd make a pretty good therapist , you know . ( Bob ) Thanks . I ... ( shivering ) Bob ? Ah , it 's c ... it 's cold . Yeah , I know . ♪ ♪ ( Bob ) Talk to me , okay ? I want to keep talking , for as long as I can . ♪ ♪ ( sighs ) ( Jane ) Okay , um ... A magic genie will grant you one wish . What do you wish for ? Promise not to laugh ? Of course . I-I wish ... ♪ ♪ ( sniffling ) I wish there was a Santa Claus . ♪ ♪ I-I 'm gonna be right back . ( Bob ) Hey , wait , where are you going ? Jane ? ( cheery Christmas music ) ♪ ♪ ( elevator dings ) ♪ ♪ ( Jane ) We 're plugging him back in ! - What ? - Shut up and help me already ! ( Chris ) No , no , no , no , no , no , no ! This is a bad idea . ( Jane ) I know it sounds crazy ... ( Chris ) Yeah , because it is crazy ! I see that you 're pissed , so am I , okay , but we can 't save him , he 's gone . - No , he 's not gone yet . - It doesn 't matter . It does matter , Chris ! Look , I spend my entire life ... taking care of soldiers who might die at any moment . Just ' cause I can 't save them doesn 't mean that I don 't do everything within my power to help them . ( mellow music ) ♪ ♪ Bob is your soldier . You made him , trained him , and you brought me in to help him . That 's what I 'm gonna do . So , are you gonna do this with me or not ? ( sighs ) ♪ ♪ All right , you guilted me into it . What 's the plan ? - We 're gonna make Santa Claus real . - ( elevator dings ) I 'm definitely going to jail for this . ( tense music ) ( Bob ) You ... you 're back , and you brought more footsteps . - Who 's making them ? - It 's me . Chris ! What are you doing here ? ( Chris ) Ruining my career . ( alarm blaring ) - What the hell is that ? - Exactly what you think it is . I was really counting on my bonus . Get over to that switch by the wall . ( Bob ) Jane , don 't do this . - It 's treason . - It 's Christmas , and you 're gonna see it one last time . ( Bob ) But this won 't save me , they 'll just unplug me again . So what 's the point ? Peace on Earth and good will towards men . ( powering up ) ( clicking ) ♪ ♪ ( static flickering ) ♪ ♪ ( Herb ) But that 's what you are to me , the pillar in my life . ( laughing ) ( Bob ) She loved it . Of course she did . Which is nice to see , but you 're still going to jail and I 'm still gonna die , so , why ... why did we do this ? ( Jane ) Come on , Bob . You 're a smart guy . I 'm no longer an employee of the NSA . That means no more mission statement , no more regulations . There 's nothing holding me back . What ... what does that mean ? He got his wish . ( female singer ) ♪ O holy night ♪ ♪ The stars are brightly shining ♪ ♪ This is the night ♪ - ♪ Of our dear Savior 's birth ♪ - _ ( gentle piano music ) ♪ Long lay the world ♪ ♪ In sin and error pining ♪ ♪ Till He appeared ♪ ♪ And the soul felt its worth ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ A thrill of hope ♪ ♪ The weary world rejoices ♪ ♪ For yonder breaks ♪ ♪ A new and glorious morn ♪ ♪ Fall ... ♪ - ♪ On your knees ♪ - _ ♪ O hear ♪ ♪ The angels ' voices ♪ ♪ O night divine ♪ ♪ O night ... ♪ ♪ When Christ was born ♪ ♪ Truly He taught us ♪ ♪ To love one another ♪ ♪ His law is love ♪ - ♪ And His gospel is peace ♪ - ( puppy barks ) ♪ ♪ ♪ Let all within us ♪ ♪ Praise His holy name ♪ - ♪ Christ is the Lord ♪ - ( plopping ) ♪ ♪ ♪ O praise ♪ ♪ His name forever ♪ ♪ His power and glory ♪ ( Director Stevens ) What the hell is going on in here ? ( Bob ) Merry Christmas , Director Stevens . ( Director Stevens ) All right , that 's it . Shut him down and detain these two . ( Bob ) I wouldn 't do that . He 's got control of the system . ( Director Stevens ) Yeah , I can see that , Chris . Which part ? All of it . Okay . Hold up , everybody . Bobby , whatcha doin ' ? Just spreading some holiday cheer , Director . Yeah . And exactly how much cheer are we talking ? Oh , about $ 200 billion worth . - ( disgruntled acknowledgment ) - But don 't worry . I fixed the economy . Oh , my God . ( Bob ) Oh , and I got you something , too . ( beeping ) ( mellow music ) The FBI picked up Lucas T. Wade ten minutes ago . ♪ ♪ ( Director Stevens ) Great . So , what happens next ? ( Bob ) First , Jane and Chris face no repercussions . ( Director Stevens scoffs ) That 's a pretty big ask , Bob . ( Bob ) Well , not to be rude , but I do have control of the U.S. nuclear arsenal . And it 's a fantastic one . - Anything else ? - Hmm ... eggnog , please . Lots of eggnog . ( cheery music ) ( male singer ) ♪ Well , Mrs. Kringle called this morning ♪ ♪ She said that Kris says everything 's okay ♪ ♪ So it 's time for celebrating ' ♪ ♪ Kris Kringle is a-waitin ' ♪ ♪ It 's gonna be a happy Christmas day ♪ ♪ ♪ ( footsteps approaching ) ( Director Stevens ) Well ... I just got off the phone with the President . That was a fun conversation . Full pardons for Chris and Jane . ( Bob ) Thank you , Director , and tell the President he can have his nukes back now . ( Director Stevens ) God , this is a freaking mess . You know they 're gonna shut us down for this , Bob . Shut you down . It 's not much of a dying wish if I don 't die , Director . ( sighs ) ( Director Stevens ) So ... your wish ? Was it worth it ? Well , for one night , Santa Claus was real . I 'd say that 's pretty good , wouldn 't you ? ( uplifting music ) ♪ ♪ ( sniffing ) ( Jane ) Is this the same hood ? Do you guys not wash your hoods ? ( phone vibrating ) ( Whitney ) For you . - ( Jane ) Hello . - ( Bob ) Hello , Jane . ( Jane ) Bob ! They dragged me out of there before I could say goodbye . ( Bob ) I know . I told them to , I didn 't want you to be late . ( Jane ) Late for what ? ( Whitney ) We 're here . ( Bob ) Jane Lee , 32 , 86 unread emails . Current location ... home . Merry Christmas , Bob . ( Bob ) Goodbye , Jane . ( chuckles ) ( gentle piano music ) ♪ ♪ ( doorbell chiming ) ( Beth ) I 'll be right back . One moment . ( female singer ) ♪ And I long for your embrace ♪ ♪ ♪ ( Sam ) Mommy ! Mommy , Mommy ! - You made it ! - Oh , baby . Oh , you got so big . ( female singer ) ♪ It 's you ... ♪ ♪ And I ♪ ♪ By the fire ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It 's you ... ♪ ♪ And I ♪ ♪ By the fire ♪ ♪ By the fire ♪ ( upbeat Christmas music ) ♪ ♪ ( male singer ) ♪ I believe that there 's a toy for every little girl and boy ♪ ♪ I believe it ♪ ♪ I believe it ♪ ♪ And when Christmas comes around ♪ ♪ All of the children jump for joy ♪ ♪ All because of Mr. Santa Claus ♪ ♪ Hello , Santa ♪ ♪ Hello , Santa ♪ ♪ Everything I say is true ♪ ♪ When you wake up Christmas morning ♪ ♪ All your wishes will be there ♪ ♪ All because of Mr. ♪ ♪ Santa Claus ♪ ♪ ♪
