 ( suspenseful music ) [ Voiceover ] Thank you for joining us on such short notice , Mister President . Of course . Reports of a government funded weapons program X-Corp have been making headlines , can you confirm or deny the recent allegations ? Well as you know , homeland security has been our top priority , and yes , yes we have been working together with X-Corp , along with other developers , all in an effort to protect the people . Is it true that X-Corp has lost control of its operating system ? There was a slight glitch , but I can assure you our team of experts are working to resolve this issue . How many casualties were there ? ( gunshots ) Those reports have yet to be confirmed . Can you give us a ballpark figure ? Our main focus right now is resolving this issue . Should we be expecting another attack in the near future ? I have no further comments . Thank you . Disturbing news out of Washington today , a classified weapons manufacturer X-Corp . X-Corp . Top secret weapons program has lost control . [ Voiceover ] Number of casualties yet to be released . Jack Kilmore missing . [ Voiceover ] CEO Jack Kilmore believed dead . [ Voiceover ] More details beginning to surface . They made weapons , weapons they didn 't want you to know they were making . [ Voiceover ] Spy crafts . Nuclear projectiles . [ Voiceover ] Fighter drones . The transmitter has a needle point that enters the nervous system allowing complete control of the host . [ Voiceover ] Remote controlled humans . Half-man , half-machine experiments . [ Voiceover ] A.K.A. Cyborgs . Experts claiming another attack possible . Experts unwilling to rule out another attack . When and where the attacks may occur . Still not sure who or what . The real question is , why aren 't we already dead ? ( heavy metal music ) A second wave of attacks now underway . Police have issued a state of emergency . [ Voiceover ] Stay inside and seek shelter . Do not leave your home . [ Voiceover ] This technology had no place in our society . [ Voiceover ] A war we can 't win . All major cities believed to be targets . [ Voiceover ] Paris , New York , Beijing . - [ Voiceover ] Berlin . - Tokyo , Los Angeles , Moscow . [ Voiceover ] The extent of damage is yet to be confirmed , but it is believed there are numerous casualties . I 'm , I 'm losing the teleprompter . ( heavy metal music ) I 'm being told we 're cutting in and out . [ Voiceover ] We ask that you stay patient with us as we work to uncover any additional information . The reports said this would be the war to end all wars . They said X-Corp was too powerful , that nothing could stop it 's artillery , for once the reports were right . After the initial strikes , only a few of us were lucky enough to survive . We would go on to be hunted by X-Corp ground units , an army of fighter drones and cyborgs , half-man , half-machine slaves now controlled by the system . After a year of hiding underground like rats , we began facing a new enemy as well , hunger . One thing soon became clear , the lucky ones are already dead . ( electronic beeps ) ( suspenseful music ) ( glass shattering ) Like I said , the lucky ones were already dead . ( intense dramatic music ) ( scanner beeping ) ( high intensity chase music ) ( scanner beeping ) ( drone whirring ) Go ! ( gunshots ) ( cocks gun ) ( gunshot ) ( eletronic gunshot ) No ! ( heavy breathing ) ( electronic beeping ) ( somber , brooding music ) Is your mom feeling better ? No . ( banging ) Where did uh , where did you get this ? This shit for real Lieutenant ? We have got dates , locations , transactions , profiles , it is definitely legit . Wait go back . Amy Kilmore , original co-founder , second in command of operations . His sister . Killed , July 4th 2017 , that 's day one . This thing 's unbelievable . It was him , it was Kilmore . All right , we gotta move now we- - - Slow down Lieutenant . - Slow down ? We 've managed to survive this long for a reason . We stay off the radar . - Colonel . - Wizkowski . Yes sir ? Search that drive . Let me know if you find any shit we can use . Colonel ! I don 't wanna hear it . Colonel , you 're making a mistake . Are you questioning my authority Lieutenant ? If he 's still alive , then we still have a chance- - We can 't risk it ! Risk what ? We 're out of food , supplies are down ! We need to stop hiding and start fighting ! It 's a risk we have to take and you know it . All right . We do this , we do it my way . Understood ? Understood . I run the show , not you . Yes sir . We are trying to survive here , one day at a time . Remember that . ( rhythmic rock music ) ( groaning ) 18 . 19 , come on , get it ! ( groaning ) Not bad Lopez . Very good , good job ! Not great , but not bad . Rise and shine shit stain ! Son of a bitch ! It looks like we 're getting soft around here . Lopez ! Are we getting soft around here ? No sir ! Good , we don 't got time for that . What we do got is a situation on our hands , one that requires immediate attention . Gonna send us out Colonel ? Put some damn pants on . We meet back for briefing in 1000 hours . And someone please get this asshole off my cot . Jack Kilmore , co-founder and CEO of X-Corp . Colonel . He started his first tech company at age 19 . Hailed by High-Tech Magazine as the golden child of technical engineering and a true genius . And yes , I am jealous . At the ripe old age of 26 , he gets the call from Uncle Sam . They 're starting a new sector on home defense , one that specializes in remote-controlled weaponry and surveillance equipment . They 're looking for assistance , and they make an offer that he can 't refuse . So , who gives a shit ? Lock it up Private . Yesterday while searching Grid 307 , I came across a cyborg pursuing a male and female target . The cyborg killed the female on-spot , but kept the male alive . He then took the target to an abandoned warehouse , just outside the grid 's western perimeter . We believe this to be a storage facility for the machines . Right . So this , is a shot pulled from the spy cam used by Lieutenant Spears , magnified 750 % . And we believe this to be Mr. X-Corp himself , Jack Kilmore . Jack Kilmore is dead . He 's right , Jack Kilmore was their first target . Killed by his own machines after he tried to shut the whole thing down . Come on , everybody knows that story . I found this buried in the sand . It was left behind by the guy in these photographs . Cracked it open this morning , checks out . It 's information that only the highest level of authority would even have access to . Yeah ? What kind of information ? Top secret shit . It 's him , it 's Jack Kilmore and he 's alive . ( sighs ) It 's simple , an extraction mission , get in , grab the son of a bitch and get out and try not to die . How do we know it 's not a trap ? We don 't , but if there 's a chance we 're gonna have to take it . Jack Kilmore could have information . Information that could change the course of this war . War ? This isn 't a war , it 's a massacre . All right , let 's cut the shit . Jones , Lopez , Carlisle , you 're up . That 's only three . We 're gonna need as many hands as we can get . No , we don 't have time . It 's a two day hike by foot , buggy only fits three , minus supplies . You 're gonna have to do this alone . You 're talking about suicide . What 's wrong Private , you scared ? I 'll go . No , you 're staying right here Lieutenant , I need soldiers that listen . - Colonel but- - - That 's an order ! Got it ? ( gunshots ) Good . Crazy bastard . ( high energy rock music ) ( gunshots ) He 's gonna get us all killed . Or you know , kill us himself . Son of a bitch 's been shot 30 times and still breathing . I wouldn 't mess with Captain Machine Gun , he 'll cut your throat and not even know it . And that ain 't no shit , desperate times ! Like it or not boys and girls we 're in ' em . Those supply kits are all but gone . That means the time to act is now . Before you know it you 'll be eating your own shit just to stay alive . I 've seen it too many times , men turned to swine , shoveling shit in each others throats , drinking their own piss . Is that how you want to go down ? No Sir . I didn 't hear you ! Do you want to eat shit and drink piss ! [ All ] Sir ! No Sir ! I didn 't think so ! Now I want that piece of shit on wheels locked , strapped and ready to move by 1100 hours and I want Kilmore sitting right here kissing my ass by sundown ! Any questions ? [ All ] No Sir ! Good , let 's move ! ( lighter flicking ) Hey . You know this is all your fault , right ? Should never have brought in the strays . We 'd have had food for an extra month , maybe more . Should 've left the dogs where you found them . They weren 't our problem . No . Men like you , that 's the problem . ( groans and coughs ) You ever touch me again , I 'll cut your throat . Got it ? ( bass thumping beat ) ( guns cocking ) Lopez , you 're our eyes on the inside , make sure you 're sweeping and panning , we need to see everything you see . Copy that Colonel ! Okay , you 're wired . Kill it . ( engine revving ) We loaded ? Affirmative , good luck soldier ! Come back in one piece , you hear me ? I need another girl to have my back ! Is that an order ? That 's an order ! All right Lopez , you ready ? Ready ! Let 's move ! ( engine revving ) Now , let 's just hope it 's not a deathtrap . Take a look around you Colonel , we 're already in one . Why don 't you go clean up ? Meet me back at Comms in 1200 hours . ( water splashing ) ( somber ambient music ) Whatcha doing ? Uh , I 'm just working Sweetheart . Do you wanna play ? I can 't right now Sweetie , but um , how about later , you wanna play then ? You mean like hide and go seek ? Like hide and go seek . Okay , but you are it first . No you 're it . No , you 're it . No , you 're it ! No , you are it , tap , tap , no take backs ! ( laughs ) ( engine drops ) ( radar beeping ) Subject appears to be intact . Radar showing a slight internal change of temperature . Voltage I assume . [ Colonel ] Copy , let 's keep it tight , in and out . Ready when you are Lieutenant . ( high energy suspenseful music ) What the hell is this place ? [ Jones ] You sure it 's the right spot ? Yeah , this is it . Yeah , this is bullshit . [ Spears ] Just keep your weapons ready and keep moving . Jones , stay cover . Keep an eye on the entry points . I 'll run the sweep . ( suspenseful music ) Careful Private . Wait , run that scan left . There . I see it . Engaging . ( electronic beeping ) I lost my light . Hang on , this room has power . Hey , asshole . Need backup , now . Copy , I 'm on my way . ( eerie music ) ( heavy , growling breathing ) What the hell is this place ? Are you seeing this ? Yeah we see it . This is where they bring the target ? Then he 's already dead . Yeah , and guess who 's next . ( high intensity thumping music ) ( screaming ) Put the knife down . Don 't shit me . Don 't kill me . Kilmore , Kilmore ! Let him go . Who are you ? - Who are you , answer me ! - Oh , shit . We came for you Kilmore . Jack Kilmore , is that your name ? That 's him , it 's Kilmore ! Son of a bitch ! [ Lopez ] Carlisle ! You want some , huh ! Don 't do it Carlisle ! This asshole tried to kill me . It 's all his fault . If it weren 't for him , then none of this would 've happened . None of it ! [ Colonel ] Stand down Private ! Do you copy ? Stand down Carlisle . You can rot in hell Jones . You can all rot in hell . I 'm not dying in here . ( breathing heavily ) You wanna give me a hand over here ? Machines ? Yeah . And they know you 're here . [ Spears ] You 'll have to with Carlisle , do you have a visual ? ( electronic whirring ) He 's dead . All right , let 's go ! ( high intensity chase music ) [ Spears ] We 're getting strong readings , we need to get you out of there now ! Can you hear me Lieutenant ? You need to move ! What are you doing ? Come on , let 's go ! We gotta move now ! ( electronic whirring ) No ! ( gunfire ) ( heavy gunfire ) ( electronic whirring slowing down ) Let 's go ! ( electronic whirring continues ) Come on ! Lopez , Lopez can you hear me ? Lopez , you got something at 12 o 'clock ! ( heavy robotic breathing ) Get down ! ( electronic gunshot ) ( heavy gunfire ) ( high intensity music ) Is that our ride outta here ? Yeah . All right , let 's go ! ( heavy gunfire ) ( electronic gunshot ) ( robotic breathing ) I 'm hit ! You 're gonna make it Soldier , hang in there , hang in there ! They 're coming this way , we have to make them wait , make sure they aren 't being tailed . No , no , she won 't make it ! If they compromise our location , nobody 's gonna make it , not them , not us , nobody . Dammit she 's one of our own ! And we need Kilmore . If we die , we die as one . Sangre por vida . ( gun cocks ) Shit ! Move out ! ( screaming ) Is that where we 're going ? ( screaming in pain ) Take this ! Hold it against the wound keep pressure on it ! I 'm not gonna die out here ! ( high energy orchestral music ) ( groaning in pain ) How bad is it ? You 're doing good , just hang in there Soldier . Damn it , answer me ! I 'm doing everything I can . ( screaming in agonizing pain ) ( crickets chirping ) What ? Think I can 't shoot ? I 'm not as worthless as everyone thinks . Give it back ! I said give it back ! Do you wanna shoot ? Shoot to kill . And if you want to kill , shoot for the head . Mata lo ! ( gunshot ) We were stationed here , when it all went down . Played it safe , waited for the cyborgs to pass us by . We were lucky . Now , what about you ? How the hell are you still alive ? Are these really necessary ? I don 't know yet . ( sighing ) I was with a group of survivors , hiding underground trying to fight back , but we were limited , we had weapons but lacked the other hardware needed . And what would that be ? Computers and the power to run them . We 'd been scavenging for parts trying to rebuild , then it found us . There 's a wash station a couple units down . We 'll get you some new gear and by new I mean used . How 's she doing ? She won 't make it through the night . We made the right move . No . I should 've been there , it should 've been me . You got a lot of nerve Lieutenant . All right , it 's been a long day and it 's been rough , so let 's cut the shit . We saved your ass for a reason Kilmore . We need details , we need to know what happened . We need to know exactly what it is we 're fighting against and we need to know how to kill it , because right now , all we do know is that those machines of yours wiped out 99 % of the planet . About a month prior to the blackout we received a visitor , to our main facility . It was the President of the United States . He told me about a new technology , one that sister corporations have been developing , something to aid in the fight against foreign threats . What kind of technology ? They had engineered artificial intelligence into the form of a cyber virus . The intent was to use the virus to infiltrate and gain control of enemy mainframes . So then why do they come to you ? We had the infrastructure and technology to do it . That 's what they told us , but that was bullshit . The real reason was that they wanted to keep it a secret , in case anything went wrong . On July 4th 2017 at 1300 hours we uploaded the folder containing the virus . By 1301 , we had lost control of our entire operating bay . All the screens from our main concourse to our counter facilities went black , then turned to a page of scrolling numbers . Everything was changed , passcodes , platforms , locations , everything . The rest is history . So what went wrong ? No way to know for sure . But if I had to guess , I 'd say they made it a little too smart . They gave it a mind of its own and it decided to use it . You see , we never opened the source file . So then who did ? It opened itself . You telling me this thing is alive ? I 'm just telling you what I saw . How do we kill it ? It 's not that simple . How do we kill it ? We don 't . We disarm it . If we turn of the machines then we take away its ability to strike . Keep talking . Easy . The machines were designed to operate under a signal , just like a cellular device , remote control . Each one with its own receiver . If you knock out the receiver , you knock out the machine . But if we can knock out the signal , we can take down a whole sector . Where are the signals coming from ? Control stations . A system of servers and satellite communications equipment . So why don 't we strap it with a block of C4 and blow it clear outta the sky ? Because , we have to find them first . That 's been our problem all along . The original tower has been cut off and now operates under its own stations . But if we can capture a data drive from one of the drones , we may be able to access flight data records from the inner CPU . There has to be something linking the machines to the signals source . So what 's our next move Cowboy ? I saw intelligence equipment in one of your units , is it functional ? Yeah , I mean it 's a little outdated , but it 's functional . Will the ports read an external drive ? Last I checked . Then we need to capture a data drive and see if we can search its logs . The hell do you mean capture a data drive ? We go hunting . ( laughs ) Oh come on , what is he nuts ? When ? Yesterday . For all we know , this location 's already been compromised . No , if it knew , we 'd be dead already . We should leave in the morning . The machine 's have night vision , we don 't . First light . Locked and strapped by 0700 hours . I 'm gonna need another shooter , someone who knows what they 're doing . We 're only gonna get one shot . I 'll go . Don 't let those perky tits fool you , she doesn 't mess around . I hope you 're right . Otherwise we 're dead . ( bass heavy music ) [ Jack ] How could this happen ? You said this could never happen ! We were wrong . We were all wrong . We have to do something ! We have to do something now ! ( automatic gunfire ) Jack . Help me . Help me , Jack . ( breathing heavily ) ( computer buzzing ) You know it 's not polite to read someone 's hard drive ? I 'm doing what any smart soldier would do . And what 's that ? Researching the enemy . ( scoffs ) Is that what you think I am , the enemy ? The RCT , it was meant to be used on opposing ground troops . We would strap it on the prisoners of war , then send them back out to the field , watch them fight against their own regime . Are you proud of this ? We built them to keep soldiers like you off the battlefield . Is that what they told you ? ( sighs ) The Cerebral Controller C1 . What 's it do ? It was also meant to control the physical functions of the host . You mean slave . But unlike the RCT , it also had the ability to read and control something else . What ? Their mind . You think you 're smart , don 't you ? You just don 't get it . We were trying to save lives . You didn 't save lives , take a look around ! You destroyed them . All . I think we 're better off staying next to the rocks . Right , little more cover in case some shit goes wrong . And we 'll need something with a lot of fire power . 50 cal won 't get it done . Got grenades ! Don 't . Maybe something with a little more accuracy . What about a rocket launcher ? That should work . ( all laughing ) ( heavy metal music ) ( drone whirring ) Take your time . Aim for the- - ( thundering explosion ) Nice shot . Keep an eye out , there could be more close by . ( heavy metal music ) Okay . Okay , okay , we got a live one . Always so private aren 't they ? Let me see it . Now we wait . For what ? The script to run its course . It 's checking the drone 's access code against a list of possible combinations . And uh , what if it doesn 't have it ? ( laughs ) Very unlikely . The file has over 750 trillion characters and it runs 16 million of those per second . Trust me , it 'll find it . Five bricks , enough to blow up a small village . How much do you want ? All of it . ( laughs ) I taught you well Lieutenant . Any word on the logs ? Still working on it . Reminds me of the good old days , back in ' 68 , back when we kept shit for real . None of this technology bullshit . Back when the world was right . ( somber music ) ( bass increases ) Hey . Hey ! I said do you copy ? Yes Sir . Good . Front office in 1700 hours . I want this shit locked down tight ! I want everybody on the same page . Checked against a quarter of its data already . It turns out that we 're dealing with a multi-layered access code . So , we 've already cracked one . Speak English Gringo ! It means that the script is working , it won 't be long . Okay , until then we can continue to get shit done . Kilmore , assuming we get the location , what 's the plan ? We get in , set the detonators and get out . And that 's it ? No more machines ? Not within the station 's control radius . Approximately 500 miles . So , what you 're saying is they 're still around , just not in our backyard . Correct . Oh no , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , 500 miles ? So all this hard work that we 're doing putting our asses on the line and best case scenario is that we slow it down ? It 's a start isn 't it ? He 's right . It 's a start . We 'll at least have the ability to restock , relocate , then prepare for another advance . But what about getting inside ? How do you navigate those machines ? Shoot ' em . ( all laughing ) Shouldn 't be an issue . It 's gonna keep the control bays hidden . Very unlikely we 'll come across any drones or cyborgs . At least , not on the exterior . Uh huh , and what about the interior ? ( speaks in Spanish ) ( laughs ) We 're gonna have to move fast . Yeah . Yeah , okay . ( crickets chirping ) Hey . Did I wake you ? No . Good . Can I sleep with you tonight ? Of course Sweetie . Scary dreams again ? Yeah . I 'm sorry Sweetie . Can I ask you a question ? Yeah , you can ask me whatever you want . You 're not gonna leave me , are you ? Of course not . Why would you say something like that ? Promise ? I cross my heart . What 's wrong ? You know , I used to have a daughter who looked just like you . Really ? Yeah . What was her name ? Her name was Becca . She 's the one who made this for me . Really ? Mhmm . Where is she now ? ( automatic gunfire ) ( screaming ) She 's in Heaven . ( somber music ) Hey , a skinny kid with glasses was looking for you . What did he say ? Said he was looking for you . You can feel it , can 't you ? Blood in the air . Feels good . ( rhythmic guitar ) Do you know what any of this bullshit means ? Yeah . It means we still have a chance . Those are the coordinates for X-Corps head facility . Ground Zero . It 's a couple hours south of here , but it 's possible . And Ground Zero 's leveled , I 've seen it , there 's nothing left . Maybe you weren 't looking hard enough . Turn it off . ( tracker beeping ) Elijah , turn that piece of shit off ! No , wait , wait , wait . 36.8025 degrees north , 114.8022 degrees west . Coordinates . Yeah . Our coordinates . Shh . We had a tracker . A what ? The drive , it had a tracer ! Son of a bitch ! Get to work ! ( intense orchestral music ) Uh , we 're getting swarmed ! How 'd they find us ? We had a tracer . What had a tracer ? The data drive , when we pulled the coordinates it gave up our location . We have coordinates ? Yeah , right here . The head facility , Ground Zero . ( dramatic music ) Get down ! ( gunfire ) ( yelling ) ( intense gunfire ) We got another one ! Get down ! ( gunfire ) No ! ( yelling ) I 'm running low ! We gotta get to the buggy ! I don 't think we can make it ! ( yelling in Spanish ) ( intense gunfire ) We gotta stick to the plan , shut it down . The relay will send them all in one piece ! What about Molly ? ( yelling in Spanish ) Where is she ? Bunks . Whatever we 're doing , we need to do it now ! Who 's got the- - ( mumbles ) I 'll look for an opening , when it 's clear , we 're getting the fuck out ! I 'm not leaving her ! Dammit Lieutenant , it 's not your call , okay . I 'm calling the shots , I 'm the shot caller , you understand that ? Hey ! Hey Jack and Wizkowski , is that piece of shit now . We need a pusher ! ( groans ) You ready ? Yeah . All right let 's go , move it , move it , move it ! ( gunfire ) ( explosion ) ( yelling ) ( screaming ) No ! Go ! ( intense gunfire ) Where 's the Colonel ? Quar parte ? Let 's move , we need to move now ! You gotta get me the- - ( mumbles ) ! They 're safe with Machine Gun ! Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! ( screaming ) We gotta distract them ! Hey ! Come on Kid ! My teddie ! Come on ! Get in here ! ( intense music ) No ! Get down ! ( intense gunfire ) Let 's roll , let 's go ! Hey ! Ready to die ? ( dramatic music ) I 'm scared . Don 't worry , I 'll protect you . Do you think they 're gonna come back ? She promised . Yeah , they 'll come back . ( somber music ) I checked the gear again last night , looks like the Colonel was off , we have no C4 , no detonators , no grenades and ammo 's low . We have to get inside . We have to shut it down by hand . ( drone whirring ) It 's over isn 't it ? We never had a chance against them . There 's gonna be a lot of activity for the next hour or so , then it should die down . At least enough to make a run for it . If we stay next to the covered areas we may slip past . We have to go back . If we go back now , everyone dies . No , we have to stick to the plan . I made her a promise . I can 't let her die alone . You did what you had to do and you 're not dead yet , neither are they . We still have a chance , it 's not over yet . Remember that . ( fire crackling ) We 've been clear for almost three kilometers , something 's not right ! Just keep driving . We 're getting close . ( intense music ) Hey , you see , like I said , there 's nothing left . ( scanner beeping ) No . It 's here . ( beeping intensifies ) I remember talk of an underground safe zone when they were first building . I thought the idea had been dismissed , but I 'm starting to think , they never got the memo . Let 's go . ( ambient music ) ( screaming ) ( gunfire ) Is it alive ? If he was functional , you wouldn 't be . Be careful . I got something . This is it , huh ? It 's not quite as , you know , high-tech as I imagined . That is all right . That 's weird , there 's no passcode . No uh , login , nothing . Hey . Hey ! You know your way around the system ? No , all the platforms have been changed . There 's a lot of data , lots of menus . It 's gonna take a minute . ( intense music ) We might not have that minute . ( groaning in pain ) ( suspenseful music ) Whatcha doing ? Watching the bad guys . Do you know why they want to hurt us ? They were programmed that way . Why ? I don 't know . Hey , what 's that ? ( yelps ) ( gunfire ) I wanna watch too ! ( screaming ) Hey . ( shushes ) There 's something here . I can feel it . [ Wiz ] Hey ! What did you find ? ( laughs ) We live to fight another day . ( computer whirring ) - Something 's wrong ! - No , no , no , no , no ! Firewall ? ( groans ) ( yelling and gunfire ) You alive ? Yeah . Is he ? No , he 's gone . Something 's overriding the program . What could do that ? I don 't know . Something external maybe . It would have be hooked into the mainframe . Time to go . ( intense chase music ) ( electronic saw whirring ) Run ! ( screaming ) Over here ! What are they doing here ? They 've been selected . For what ? Transformation . It 's gonna make them into machines . Is he there ? No ! ( gunfire ) What are you doing ! Come on , let 's go ! We 're running low ! Come on , it 's coming quick ! Come on ! Hurry move ! ( screaming ) ( buzzsaws whirring ) ( screaming ) You okay ? ( breathing heavily ) We gotta keep moving . - Come on . - Okay . ( suspenseful music ) Why 's it so quiet ? Let 's go . What is it ? It 's the firewall . Watch the door . What 's wrong ? ( distorted breathing ) [ Machine Gun ] If you wanna kill , shoot for the head . ( epic guitar riffs ) ( gunshots ) ( screaming ) ( somber music ) What have they done to you ? [ Computer ] Warning . Removal of the Cerebrum C1 , will leave system vulnerable to foreign infiltration . Please exit immediately . What are you doing ? What does it look like I 'm doing ? Amy . Amy . Jack . I tried to stop it , Jack . There was nothing I could do . No , no , it 's not your fault . It controls me now . It made me do things , Jack , horrible things . It 's okay now . I 'm getting you outta here . No Jack , it 's too late for me now . Look at me . Dammit Jack , look at me ! You have to shut it down now or you will all die . You have to shut it down before they see you . They ? What do you mean they ? Hurry Jack . We don 't have much time . ( orchestral music ) Hello Jack . Jack , you look like you just saw a ghost . Well I can assure you I 'm alive and well . You look confused Jack . Well , I guess that 's to be expected . It was you ? This was all you ? No , not just me . You see Jack , there 's a group of us that saw widespread epidemic beginning to spiral out of control , thus we took it upon ourselves to do something about it . What are you talking about ? I 'm talking about the future , Jack . I 'm talking about the corporations that ran this world , corporations like X-Corp . Just too powerful . Too reckless . You see Jack , we 've been studying the trends for years now , all in an effort to forecast the path of our society , to try to figure out where it was all going and what we discovered , well , it was troubling . You see , there comes a point where technology becomes dangerous , it becomes a disease that grows and spirals out of control . If left untreated , well , it can destroy everything . Therefore , it must be stopped and everything that it has infected must be killed . Do you see where I 'm going with this , Jack ? You 're insane . Come on Jack , I 'm not insane , I 'm a realist . The numbers don 't lie , you know that . We 've added it all up and it became clear , we had to act now or the age of man would cease to exist , replaced by the age of machine , an age of artificial intelligence . You know , that virus we sent you , it was never meant to infiltrate the enemy 's mainframe , it was meant to infiltrate yours . We needed an army , Jack , an army that would listen and obey our command , never second guess an order . An army that was capable of the task at hand . What task ? To cleanse the Earth , to start over . I can see you 're upset . Look , I 've always liked you Jack , all right , I 'm sorry it had to come to this , but it 's important you know , it was never personal . I find it very personal Mr. President . I 'm sorry you feel that way . I wouldn 't do that if I was you Jack , that system is the only thing keeping your sister alive . Don 't listen to him Jack , there 's nothing you can do for me now . Whether you hit the switch or not I 'm already dead , you know that . Think about it Jack , at best you win a small battle . There are other systems , more machines , we will find you eventually . Why delay the inevitable ? Why prolong the suffering ? Why not just die ? Because , I need to find you first . All right Jack , have it your way . Jack . ( gasping ) You weren 't fast enough Jack . No ! ( laughs ) ( screaming ) No ! ( grunting ) Can I ask you a question ? You 're not gonna leave me are you ? Of course not . Why would you say something like that ? ( screaming ) Promise ? Cross my heart . You ready to die ? ( yells ) You bitch ! You haven 't seen anything yet ! Hey bitch , you didn 't think it was going to be that easy , did you ? ( laughing ) ( buzz saw whirring ) No ! ( somber music ) You came back ! I promised you I would . We buried what was left of the bodies , then loaded our gear . And though our future may look grim at best , one thing is certain . We will never give up , never stop fighting . Cause somewhere out there , there 's a group of men that took it upon themselves to play God . And now , they all must die . ( electronic synth music )
